Tom often runs into Mary at the supermarket.
Tom often runs errands for Mary.
Tom often plays tennis with Mary after school.
Tom often helps Mary.
Tom often helps Mary do her homework.
Tom often hangs out with Mary on weekends.
Tom often goes to the movies with Mary.
Tom often goes for walks with Mary.
Tom offered to help Mary.
Tom offered to help Mary pay for a babysitter.
Tom offered to help Mary find her lost puppy.
Tom offered Mary some money, but she refused to take it.
Tom offered Mary a job and she accepted.
Tom occasionally visited Mary at her parents' house.
Tom now knows that he shouldn't have borrowed money from Mary.
Tom noticed that Mary was wearing a new bracelet.
Tom noticed that Mary was following him.
Tom noticed Mary's hands shaking.
Tom noticed Mary the moment she entered the room.
Tom noticed Mary the moment he entered the room.
Tom noticed a change in Mary.
Tom no longer loves Mary.
Tom never visited Mary in the hospital.
Tom never thought about Mary while she was away.
Tom never seems to get upset no matter what Mary does.
Tom never received the money Mary sent him.
Tom never read the book that Mary gave him.
Tom never liked Mary.
Tom never got to meet Mary.
Tom never drinks beer when Mary is around.
Tom never dreamed that Mary would ever leave him.
Tom never agrees with Mary.
Tom needs to talk to Mary.
Tom needs to hear the bad news directly from Mary.
Tom needs Mary's help.
Tom needed some money to buy something for Mary.
Tom must let Mary know sooner or later.
Tom must have seen Mary when he visited Boston.
Tom must have seen Mary this afternoon.
Tom must be Mary's father.
Tom must be Mary's brother.
Tom must be Mary's boyfriend.
Tom must be furious with Mary.
Tom must be angry with Mary.
Tom must be angry with Mary for what she did.
Tom misses Mary a lot.
Tom missed the opportunity to go to Boston with Mary.
Tom might have visited Mary in Boston last week. I'm not sure.
Tom might have left his umbrella in Mary's car.
Tom might have left his car key in Mary's room.
Tom might go to the zoo with Mary this coming Saturday.
Tom met Mary three years ago.
Tom met Mary this morning on his way to school.
Tom met Mary by chance on his way home from school.
Tom met a friend of Mary's at the airport.
Tom mentioned the incident to Mary.
Tom managed to make time to visit Mary while he was in Boston.
Tom managed to find Mary's house.
Tom made some tea for Mary.
Tom made Mary wait for a long time.
Tom made Mary swim.
Tom made Mary happy.
Tom made Mary go first.
Tom made Mary cry.
Tom made Mary change her plans.
Tom made Mary carry his suitcase.
Tom made Mary a cake for her party.
Tom made it plain that he wanted Mary to do the work by herself.
Tom made it clear that he didn't like Mary.
Tom made it clear that he didn't like Mary very much.
Tom made fun of Mary's accent.
Tom made fun of Mary.
Tom made cookies for Mary's children.
Tom made a necklace for Mary.
Tom made a mistake in choosing Mary for the job.
Tom lowered his voice and told Mary that he loved her.
Tom loves Mary's sense of humor.
Tom loves Mary's children.
Tom loves Mary, but she doesn't love him.
Tom loves Mary with all his heart.
Tom loved the color of Mary's new dress.
Tom loved Mary very much.
Tom lost sight of Mary in the crowd.
Tom lost his temper and shouted at Mary.
Tom lost his temper and hit Mary.
Tom looked really happy when Mary entered the room.
Tom looked over his shoulder to see if Mary was still following him.
Tom looked grouchy, so Mary didn't approach him.
Tom looked everywhere for Mary, but couldn't find her.
Tom looked at Mary suspiciously.
Tom looked around the room, but couldn't see Mary.
Tom lives with Mary in a small apartment near my house.
Tom lives on a farm with his wife, Mary, not too far from Boston.
Tom lives next door to Mary.
Tom lives near Mary.
Tom lives about twenty minutes away from Mary.
Tom listened to what Mary had to say without showing any emotion.
Tom likes to listen to Mary sing.
Tom likes the way Mary looks.
Tom likes the same kind of stuff that Mary likes.
Tom likes taking walks with Mary.
Tom likes spending time with Mary.
Tom likes not only Mary but Alice as well.
Tom likes Mary's younger sister more than he likes Mary.
Tom likes Mary's long black hair.
Tom likes Mary very much.
Tom likes cooking for Mary.
Tom lied to Mary.
Tom lied about his age, so Mary thought he was much older than he really was.
Tom let me read the letter he had received from Mary.
Tom let me down and he also let Mary down.
Tom let Mary take the credit for organizing the party.
Tom let Mary swim.
Tom let Mary pay the bill.
Tom let Mary know the truth.
Tom let Mary go.
Tom let go of Mary's hand.
Tom lent thirty dollars to Mary.
Tom lent Mary his camera.
Tom lent Mary his bicycle last week.
Tom lent his camera to Mary.
Tom left the water running and Mary got angry.
Tom left the matter entirely in Mary's hands.
Tom left the house shortly after Mary left.
Tom left the final decision to Mary.
Tom left some money for Mary.
Tom left some food for Mary.
Tom left Mary's bag in the car.
Tom left Mary for another woman.
Tom left Mary and went to live with another woman.
Tom left Mary a note.
Tom left Mary a message.
Tom left his wife for Mary.
Tom left before Mary arrived.
Tom left a note for Mary.
Tom left a message on Mary's answering machine.
Tom learned later that Mary wasn't planning to live in Boston.
Tom learned a lot from Mary.
Tom lay awake almost all night thinking about Mary.
Tom laughed at some of Mary's jokes, but he thought some of them weren't very funny.
Tom laughed at Mary's joke.
Tom laughed at Mary.
Tom laughed at all of Mary's jokes.
Tom laughed at all of Mary's jokes, even the ones he didn't think were funny.
Tom knows why Mary decided not to go on the picnic with him.
Tom knows who Mary is.
Tom knows who crashed into Mary's car.
Tom knows where Mary lives.
Tom knows what to say to make Mary forgive him.
Tom knows what to do when Mary has an epileptic seizure.
Tom knows what Mary said.
Tom knows the man Mary came with.
Tom knows that Mary went to Boston.
Tom knows that Mary doesn't like raw eggs.
Tom knows that Mary doesn't know the answer.
Tom knows some of Mary's friends.
Tom knows quite a lot about Mary.
Tom knows nothing about Mary's family.
Tom knows Mary's father.
Tom knows Mary's dog's name.
Tom knows Mary very well.
Tom knows Mary likes reggae.
Tom knows how to make Mary happy.
Tom knows how to get on Mary's good side.
Tom knows he can count on Mary.
Tom knows exactly how Mary feels.
Tom knows better than to lend Mary money.
Tom knows better than to fight with Mary.
Tom knows better than to argue with Mary.
Tom knows almost nothing about Mary.
Tom knows a girl named Mary.
Tom knocked on Mary's door.
Tom knocked Mary down.
Tom knew where Mary was, but he wouldn't tell the police where she was.
Tom knew that Mary was rich.
Tom knew that Mary was busy.
Tom knew that Mary was a teacher.
Tom knew that Mary loved him.
Tom knew that Mary had done her best.
Tom knew Mary would arrive late.
Tom knew better than to say such a thing to Mary.
Tom knew better than to ask Mary such a stupid question.
Tom knew better than to argue with Mary.
Tom kissed Mary.
Tom kissed Mary on the forehead.
Tom kissed Mary on the cheek.
Tom kissed Mary lightly on the cheek.
Tom kissed Mary good night.
Tom killed Mary.
Tom killed Mary because he found out she had started the fire that had killed his family.
Tom kicked Mary.
Tom kicked down the door and entered Mary's room.
Tom kept talking and didn't let Mary get a word in edgewise.
Tom kept on talking even though Mary had fallen asleep.
Tom kept Mary waiting for three hours.
Tom kept Mary waiting for a long time.
Tom just can't seem to get along with Mary.
Tom just can't get along with Mary.
Tom isn't willing to ask Mary for help.
Tom isn't sure where Mary has gone.
Tom isn't Mary's son, but her nephew.
Tom isn't Mary's father, but her uncle.
Tom isn't Mary's cousin.
Tom isn't Mary's brother. He's her cousin.
Tom isn't likely to agree with Mary's suggestion.
Tom isn't interested in Mary.
Tom isn't good enough for Mary.
Tom isn't as young as Mary.
Tom isn't as tall as Mary.
Tom isn't as old as Mary.
Tom isn't alone in thinking that Mary is the most beautiful girl in his class.
Tom is wrong to lay the blame on Mary.
Tom is worried about what might have happened to Mary.
Tom is worried about Mary's health.
Tom is worried about Mary.
Tom is willing to pay Mary whatever she asks for.
Tom is willing to do almost anything for Mary.
Tom is willing to back Mary up.
Tom is waiting for Mary to call.
Tom is unwilling to help Mary with her homework.
Tom is twice as old as Mary.
Tom is twice as old as Mary is.
Tom is twice as heavy as Mary.
Tom is trying to wake Mary up.
Tom is trying to avoid arguing with Mary.
Tom is totally disgusted with Mary's behavior.
Tom is too good for Mary.
Tom is throwing a surprise birthday party for Mary next Saturday.
Tom is three years younger than Mary.
Tom is three years younger than Mary is.
Tom is three years older than Mary.
Tom is three years older than Mary is.
Tom is three years behind Mary at school.
Tom is three years ahead of Mary at school.
Tom is three inches taller than Mary.
Tom is the same age as Mary.
Tom is the same age as Mary is.
Tom is the right man for Mary.
Tom is the only student at this school that Mary knows.
Tom is the only person who could have stolen Mary's necklace.
Tom is the only person that has any chance to persuade Mary.
Tom is the only person Mary knows who enjoys opera.
Tom is the only member of the baseball team that Mary knows.
Tom is the only friend Mary has.
Tom is the only boy Mary knows who is afraid of rabbits.
Tom is the only American Mary knows whose father wasn't born in America.
Tom is the only adult Mary knows who can't drive.
Tom is the man Mary met the other day.
Tom is the guy that Mary wanted.
Tom is thankful that Mary came to help.
Tom is taller than both Mary and her brother.
Tom is taking a walk with Mary and should be back before long.
Tom is sure that Mary will refuse.
Tom is sure that Mary didn't really go to Boston last week.
Tom is sure Mary is right.
Tom is supposed to meet Mary at 2:30.
Tom is supposed to help Mary do the laundry.
Tom is still not talking to Mary.
Tom is still in love with Mary.
Tom is standing close to Mary in that picture.
Tom is shorter than Mary.
Tom is secretly in love with Mary.
Tom is related to Mary.
Tom is related to Mary by marriage.
Tom is probably a bit older than Mary.
Tom is positive that Mary is wrong.
Tom is playing cards with Mary.
Tom is planning a surprise birthday party for Mary.
Tom is planning a birthday party for Mary.
Tom is one of Mary's neighbors.
Tom is one of Mary's best friends.
Tom is on good terms with Mary.
Tom is on bad terms with Mary.
Tom is older than Mary.
Tom is now talking with Mary over near the fountain.
Tom is no match for Mary.
Tom is much younger than Mary.
Tom is much taller than Mary.
Tom is much older than Mary.
Tom is much more relaxed when Mary isn't around.
Tom is more famous than Mary.
Tom is Mary's uncle.
Tom is Mary's teacher.
Tom is Mary's son-in-law.
Tom is Mary's significant other.
Tom is Mary's nephew.
Tom is Mary's neighbor.
Tom is Mary's husband's best friend.
Tom is Mary's husband.
Tom is Mary's grandson.
Tom is Mary's grandfather.
Tom is Mary's friend.
Tom is Mary's former husband.
Tom is Mary's father-in-law.
Tom is Mary's ex-husband.
Tom is Mary's ex-boyfriend.
Tom is Mary's current boyfriend.
Tom is Mary's cousin.
Tom is Mary's brother.
Tom is Mary's brother, not her father.
Tom is Mary's brother-in-law.
Tom is Mary's boyfriend.
Tom is Mary's boss.
Tom is Mary's best friend.
Tom is married to Mary.
Tom is madly in love with Mary.
Tom is looking forward to seeing Mary this coming weekend.
Tom is looking forward to seeing Mary again.
Tom is looking for someone to take Mary's place.
Tom is looking for Mary.
Tom is likely older than Mary.
Tom is kind to Mary.
Tom is just slightly taller than Mary.
Tom is indebted to Mary.
Tom is in the kitchen with Mary cooking dinner.
Tom is in love with Mary.
Tom is helping Mary.
Tom is head over heels in love with Mary.
Tom is happiest when he is with Mary.
Tom is half Mary's age.
Tom is grateful to Mary for all her help.
Tom is going to write a letter to Mary.
Tom is going to visit Mary tomorrow.
Tom is going to the concert with Mary.
Tom is going to see Mary today.
Tom is going out this afternoon with Mary.
Tom is going on a picnic tomorrow with Mary.
Tom is friends with Mary.
Tom is friendly with Mary.
Tom is fed up with Mary.
Tom is far from satisfied with Mary's work.
Tom is faithful to Mary.
Tom is extremely thankful to Mary for her help.
Tom is engaged to Mary's younger sister.
Tom is engaged to Mary.
Tom is eager to meet Mary again.
Tom is distantly related to Mary.
Tom is deeply in love with Mary.
Tom is counting on Mary's help.
Tom is convinced that Mary is wrong.
Tom is convinced of Mary's innocence.
Tom is concerned about Mary's safety.
Tom is concerned about Mary's health.
Tom is certain that Mary will come to school today.
Tom is being blackmailed by Mary.
Tom is anxious to know how Mary is.
Tom is angry with Mary.
Tom is angry at Mary.
Tom is always giving presents to Mary.
Tom is always complaining about what Mary does.
Tom is always complaining about Mary.
Tom is always complaining about how much Mary spends.
Tom is afraid of Mary.
Tom is acquainted with Mary.
Tom is about as old as Mary is.
Tom is a little concerned about Mary.
Tom is a friend of Mary's.
Tom is a better swimmer than Mary is.
Tom invited me to Mary's party even though she didn't want me there.
Tom invited Mary to his party.
Tom invited Mary to his house.
Tom invited Mary to dinner.
Tom invited Mary over to eat dinner.
Tom invited Mary and her friends to dinner.
Tom invested all his money in the company that Mary and her father managed.
Tom interpreted for Mary.
Tom intended to tell Mary everything.
Tom insulted Mary. That's why she's so upset.
Tom insulted Mary.
Tom insisted that Mary go there by herself.
Tom insisted on helping Mary.
Tom informed Mary of his decision to sell the house.
Tom ignored most of Mary's advice.
Tom ignored Mary's warning.
Tom ignored Mary's advice.
Tom ignored Mary.
Tom ignored Mary almost all day, but finally talked to her just after dinner.
Tom ignored all of Mary's warnings.
Tom hurt Mary's feelings.
Tom hung out in a bar with Mary all afternoon.
Tom hugged Mary.
Tom hugged Mary tightly and never wanted to let her go.
Tom hopes to meet Mary again in the near future.
Tom hopes that Mary will like the present he bought for her.
Tom hopes that Mary will help him.
Tom hopes that Mary will come next weekend.
Tom hopes that Mary passes the exam.
Tom hopes that he'll meet Mary this evening.
Tom hopes Mary won't die.
Tom hopes Mary will get well soon.
Tom hopes Mary likes it here.
Tom hopes Mary gets the job.
Tom hoped that Mary would consider visiting a few art museums with him.
Tom hired Mary as an interpreter.
Tom hid Mary's doll behind the door.
Tom hesitated to discuss the subject with Mary.
Tom hesitated for a moment before answering Mary.
Tom helps Mary because he wants to, not because he has to.
Tom helped Mary yesterday afternoon.
Tom helped Mary with the housework.
Tom helped Mary with her work.
Tom helped Mary with her homework.
Tom helped Mary wash the dishes.
Tom helped Mary take off her jacket.
Tom helped Mary start over again.
Tom helped Mary move the dresser.
Tom helped Mary into the car.
Tom helped Mary hang a picture on the wall.
Tom helped Mary get up from her seat.
Tom helped Mary do her homework.
Tom helped Mary clean the house.
Tom helped Mary carry her suitcases.
Tom helps Mary move the furniture.
Tom held the door open for Mary.
Tom held out his hand to Mary.
Tom held Mary's hand.
Tom hears from Mary once in a while.
Tom hears from Mary every now and then.
Tom heard through the grapevine that Mary had gotten into Harvard.
Tom heard that Mary was very rich.
Tom heard that Mary was sick.
Tom heard that Mary had died.
Tom heard that Mary had bought a new computer.
Tom heard Mary talking in her sleep.
Tom heard Mary snoring in class.
Tom heard Mary singing in the shower.
Tom heard Mary shout.
Tom heard Mary scream.
Tom heard Mary play the piano.
Tom heard Mary play the piano not too long ago.
Tom heard Mary go upstairs.
Tom heard Mary crying.
Tom heard Mary cry and wondered what the matter was.
Tom heard Mary call his name.
Tom heard Mary call for help.
Tom heard from Mary several months ago.
Tom hates Mary.
Tom hated Mary.
Tom hasn't seen much of Mary recently.
Tom hasn't seen Mary in weeks.
Tom hasn't seen Mary for quite a while.
Tom hasn't seen Mary for months.
Tom hasn't seen Mary for a long time.
Tom hasn't met Mary.
Tom hasn't met Mary even once.
Tom hasn't heard from Mary.
Tom hasn't heard from Mary since then.
Tom hasn't heard from Mary since she moved to Boston.
Tom hasn't heard from Mary since last June.
Tom hasn't heard from Mary in a long time.
Tom hasn't heard anything from Mary for more than three years.
Tom hasn't been on speaking terms with Mary for years.
Tom hasn't been able to get in touch with Mary yet.
Tom has told Mary all he knows about the matter.
Tom has to wait for Mary.
Tom has to meet Mary in the park tomorrow at 2:30.
Tom has to look after Mary.
Tom has to go see Mary.
Tom has something to tell Mary.
Tom has secretly been in love with Mary for years.
Tom has secretly been contacting Mary.
Tom has nothing in common with Mary.
Tom has no intention of asking Mary to the upcoming dance.
Tom has no intention of apologizing to Mary.
Tom has no idea why Mary did that.
Tom has no idea where Mary lives.
Tom has no idea what has become of Mary.
Tom has no idea how Mary ended up in Boston.
Tom has no desire to go dancing with Mary.
Tom has never seen Mary dance.
Tom has never played guitar with Mary.
Tom has never met Mary.
Tom has never heard Mary tell a lie.
Tom has never heard Mary speak French.
Tom has never heard Mary sing.
Tom has never gone on a date with Mary.
Tom has never danced with Mary.
Tom has met Mary many times.
Tom has made up his mind to propose to Mary.
Tom has loved Mary for a long time.
Tom has lots of things to tell Mary.
Tom has lost touch with Mary.
Tom has known Mary since she was a little girl.
Tom has known Mary since he was a little boy.
Tom has known Mary for years.
Tom has known Mary for over three years.
Tom has known Mary for close to ten years.
Tom has known Mary for a long time.
Tom has known Mary ever since they were children.
Tom has just found out that he's Mary's father.
Tom has just finished writing a letter to Mary.
Tom has given Mary his cold.
Tom has forgiven Mary for everything.
Tom has finished painting the picture of Mary that he's been working on for a couple of months.
Tom has fallen in love with Mary.
Tom has confidence in Mary's ability to win the race.
Tom has confidence in Mary.
Tom has been watching Mary like a hawk all morning.
Tom has been searching for Mary for years.
Tom has been married to Mary for just over three years.
Tom has been looking after Mary for three years.
Tom has been living by himself since Mary died.
Tom has been honest with Mary.
Tom has been going with Mary for at least half a year.
Tom has been going steady with Mary for six months.
Tom has been dating Mary for about three years.
Tom has been avoiding Mary all day.
Tom has an old bicycle that Mary gave him.
Tom has an appointment with Mary at 2:30.
Tom has absolute trust in Mary.
Tom has a thing for Mary.
Tom has a terrible crush on Mary.
Tom has a nodding acquaintance with Mary.
Tom has a lot of guts asking Mary for a loan.
Tom has a lot in common with Mary.
Tom has a high opinion of Mary.
Tom has a feeling that Mary might show up in a few minutes.
Tom has a deep affection for Mary.
Tom has a daughter whose name is Mary.
Tom has a daughter named Mary.
Tom has a date with Mary this afternoon.
Tom has a crush on Mary.
Tom has a clock just like the one Mary has.
Tom hardly ever talks to Mary.
Tom happened to sit next to Mary at the concert last night.
Tom happened to meet Mary at the supermarket.
Tom happened to have the day off on Mary's birthday.
Tom happened to be on the same train as Mary.
Tom hanged himself using the belt that Mary had given him.
Tom handed the keys to Mary.
Tom handed Mary the money.
Tom handed Mary her jacket.
Tom handed Mary a book.
Tom handed a note to Mary.
Tom had to wait for Mary for about three hours.
Tom had to take care of Mary's son while she was working.
Tom had to take care of Mary.
Tom had to take care of Mary by himself.
Tom had to lend Mary some money so she could take the bus home.
Tom had to go to Boston with Mary.
Tom had to cover for Mary.
Tom had something he needed to talk to Mary about.
Tom had some trouble finding Mary's house.
Tom had once been madly in love with Mary.
Tom had often heard about Mary, but hadn't yet met her.
Tom had no sooner walked in the door than Mary started to complain.
Tom had no other choice than to help Mary clean out the stable.
Tom had no other choice but to help Mary clean out the garage.
Tom had no intention of quarreling with Mary.
Tom had no intention of going to the dance with Mary.
Tom had no idea why Mary left early.
Tom had no idea why Mary didn't want to go out with him.
Tom had no idea when Mary would arrive.
Tom had no idea what Mary wanted him to do.
Tom had no choice but to do what Mary told him to do.
Tom had no choice but to ask Mary to help him.
Tom had no chance to tell Mary what he thought.
Tom had no chance to tell Mary his opinion.
Tom had never spoken to Mary before that time.
Tom had never seen a girl as beautiful as Mary before.
Tom had never met Mary before that time.
Tom had never met anyone like Mary before.
Tom had Mary wash the car.
Tom had Mary make him a sandwich.
Tom had Mary correct his essay.
Tom had many opportunities to meet Mary over the summer.
Tom had lunch with Mary.
Tom had intended to go with Mary, but something came up and he couldn't.
Tom had his picture taken by Mary.
Tom had a good opinion of Mary.
Tom had an argument with Mary.
Tom had a telephone call from Mary early this morning.
Tom had a score to settle with Mary.
Tom had a nice chat with Mary.
Tom had a major crush on Mary.
Tom had a long talk with Mary.
Tom had a hunch that Mary would bring her new boyfriend to the party.
Tom had a good time talking with Mary.
Tom had a fight with Mary.
Tom had a feeling that Mary would be late.
Tom had a falling-out with Mary.
Tom had a date with Mary last Friday.
Tom had a chance to meet Mary in Boston.
Tom had a big argument with Mary.
Tom hacked Mary's leg off with a rusty machete.
Tom hacked Mary's arm off with a sword.
Tom guessed that Mary was around thirty years old.
Tom greeted Mary with a smile.
Tom graduated in the same year as Mary.
Tom grabbed Mary's arm.
Tom grabbed Mary by the hand.
Tom got very angry with Mary.
Tom got very angry at Mary.
Tom got used to working with Mary.
Tom got tired of working with Mary and quit.
Tom got tired of waiting for Mary.
Tom got stuck with the whole bill when he went out drinking with Mary and her friends.
Tom got Mary to wash the dishes.
Tom got Mary to polish his shoes.
Tom got Mary to cook dinner.
Tom got Mary to clean the office.
Tom got Mary to carry his suitcase.
Tom got Mary to accept his help.
Tom got Mary drunk.
Tom got Mary a pint of beer.
Tom got into Mary's car.
Tom got engaged to Mary.
Tom got angry with Mary.
Tom got angry because of what Mary said.
Tom got a letter from Mary.
Tom got a call from someone named Mary.
Tom goes to the same school as Mary does.
Tom glared at Mary.
Tom gets upset when Mary doesn't do what he tells her to do.
Tom gets along well with Mary.
Tom gets along very well with Mary.
Tom gazed at Mary with love in his eyes.
Tom gave Mary what she needed.
Tom gave Mary something to eat.
Tom gave Mary something cold to drink.
Tom gave Mary some useful information.
Tom gave Mary some practical advice.
Tom gave Mary some money to help her buy her mother a Christmas present.
Tom gave Mary some good advice.
Tom gave Mary some good advice about how to write songs.
Tom gave Mary some food.
Tom gave Mary some advice on how to pass multiple-choice tests.
Tom gave Mary plenty to eat.
Tom gave Mary plenty of time.
Tom gave Mary plenty of money.
Tom gave Mary permission to drive his car.
Tom gave Mary an expensive doll.
Tom gave Mary all the money he had.
Tom gave Mary a wink.
Tom gave Mary a very nice present.
Tom gave Mary a very detailed answer.
Tom gave Mary a vague answer.
Tom gave Mary a tender kiss.
Tom gave Mary a ride home.
Tom gave Mary a piggyback ride.
Tom gave Mary a peck on the cheek.
Tom gave Mary a nasty look.
Tom gave Mary a meaningful look.
Tom gave Mary a hearty welcome.
Tom gave Mary a detailed explanation of how it worked.
Tom gave Mary a book about Australia.
Tom frequently speaks with Mary.
Tom found the evidence we needed to convict Mary's killer.
Tom found the book Mary had given him quite boring.
Tom found out where Mary was.
Tom found out where Mary lives.
Tom found out the truth from Mary.
Tom found out that Mary was wealthy.
Tom found Mary's story interesting.
Tom found Mary very friendly.
Tom found Mary sitting on a bench in the park.
Tom found Mary repulsive.
Tom found Mary reading a book.
Tom found Mary fascinating.
Tom found Mary an apartment not too far from where she works.
Tom found Mary a job.
Tom found Mary a job in a supermarket.
Tom found it impossible to persuade Mary.
Tom found it easy to speak English with Mary.
Tom found it difficult to please Mary.
Tom found it difficult to get along with Mary.
Tom forgot to tell Mary about the party.
Tom forgot to feed Mary's dog.
Tom forgot to call Mary yesterday evening.
Tom forgot to ask Mary what he had planned to ask her.
Tom forgot Mary's phone number.
Tom forgot Mary's address.
Tom forgave Mary on his deathbed.
Tom forgave Mary for losing all his money.
Tom forgave Mary for killing his dog.
Tom forced Mary to sit down.
Tom forced Mary to do it.
Tom fooled Mary.
Tom followed Mary around the supermarket.
Tom flirted with Mary.
Tom first met Mary when they were in high school.
Tom first met Mary three years ago.
Tom first met Mary in Boston.
Tom fired Mary because she often showed up late for work.
Tom finds Mary attractive.
Tom finally talked Mary into lending him her accordion.
Tom finally talked Mary into buying a new computer.
Tom finally realized that Mary was never going to consider him her boyfriend.
Tom finally persuaded Mary to buy it.
Tom finally overcame his shyness and asked Mary to go out with him.
Tom finally mustered up the courage to ask Mary to go out with him.
Tom finally managed to get a hold of Mary.
Tom finally made up his mind to leave Mary.
Tom finally made up his mind to ask Mary out.
Tom finally decided to propose to Mary.
Tom finally decided to break up with Mary.
Tom finally contacted Mary by phone.
Tom felt sympathy for Mary.
Tom felt sorry for Mary.
Tom felt an urge to kill Mary.
Tom fell in love with Mary.
Tom failed to persuade Mary.
Tom explained the rules to Mary.
Tom explained the rules of the game to Mary.
Tom explained his plan to Mary.
Tom expects that Mary will help us.
Tom expects me to help Mary clean out the clogged pipe.
Tom expects Mary to come back soon.
Tom expects Mary to come back before lunch.
Tom expects Mary to come at any moment.
Tom expects Mary back by 2:30.
Tom expected Mary to show up on Saturday afternoon.
Tom expected Mary to pass the exam.
Tom expected Mary to come.
Tom entered the room after Mary.
Tom enjoyed working for Mary.
Tom enjoyed talking with Mary.
Tom enjoyed Mary's company.
Tom encouraged Mary to write a novel.
Tom encouraged Mary to try again.
Tom encouraged Mary to take ukulele lessons.
Tom encouraged Mary to learn how to speak French.
Tom employed Mary to be his assistant.
Tom easily guessed Mary's password.
Tom easily convinced Mary that he was innocent.
Tom earns twice as much as Mary.
Tom dumped Mary's body into the hole he had dug previously.
Tom dumped Mary for another woman.
Tom drove Mary's car to Boston.
Tom drove Mary to the station.
Tom dreamed about Mary.
Tom dreaded having to spend another weekend with Mary.
Tom doubts whether Mary is honest.
Tom doubts that Mary loves you.
Tom doubts Mary's sincerity.
Tom doubts if Mary will keep her promise.
Tom doubts if Mary will come to school today.
Tom doubts if Mary will come to his birthday party.
Tom doubts if Mary will come on time.
Tom doesn't want to talk to Mary ever again.
Tom doesn't want to see Mary's face ever again.
Tom doesn't want to see Mary at all.
Tom doesn't want to see Mary again.
Tom doesn't want to make Mary angry.
Tom doesn't want to hurt Mary's feelings.
Tom doesn't want to hurt Mary.
Tom doesn't want to hear anything more about Mary.
Tom doesn't want to go with Mary.
Tom doesn't want to buy anything for Mary's birthday.
Tom doesn't want to buy an expensive engagement ring for Mary.
Tom doesn't want to be seen with Mary.
Tom doesn't want to answer Mary's message.
Tom doesn't want Mary's pity.
Tom doesn't want Mary to touch him.
Tom doesn't want Mary to go to Boston.
Tom doesn't want any of Mary's money.
Tom doesn't understand why Mary is so popular.
Tom doesn't understand why Mary got angry with him.
Tom doesn't understand why Mary behaves the way she does.
Tom doesn't understand what Mary is trying to say.
Tom doesn't understand Mary's reluctance to go out with his brother.
Tom doesn't understand Mary.
Tom doesn't understand Mary sometimes.
Tom doesn't trust Mary anymore.
Tom doesn't trust Mary any longer.
Tom doesn't think there is any need for Mary to attend the meeting.
Tom doesn't think that Mary's performance was very good.
Tom doesn't think that Mary will come.
Tom doesn't think that Mary made a wise decision.
Tom doesn't think that Mary looks like her mother.
Tom doesn't think that Mary is right.
Tom doesn't think that Mary is at home.
Tom doesn't think that Mary did all her homework by herself.
Tom doesn't think Mary would be willing to lend him her guitar.
Tom doesn't think Mary will say yes.
Tom doesn't think Mary will do the job well.
Tom doesn't think Mary wants to go.
Tom doesn't think Mary should worry so much.
Tom doesn't think Mary should do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary is saying what she really thinks.
Tom doesn't think Mary is happy.
Tom doesn't think Mary is fit for the job.
Tom doesn't think Mary can speak French.
Tom doesn't think he'll ever meet Mary.
Tom doesn't think he can get along with Mary.
Tom doesn't study as hard as Mary does.
Tom doesn't speak to Mary.
Tom doesn't speak French as fluently as Mary does.
Tom doesn't see much of Mary.
Tom doesn't remember the first time he met Mary.
Tom doesn't remember agreeing to help Mary.
Tom doesn't quite agree with Mary.
Tom doesn't plan to go to Mary's concert.
Tom doesn't particularly like Mary.
Tom doesn't need to worry about Mary.
Tom doesn't need Mary's help.
Tom doesn't mind what people say about Mary.
Tom doesn't mind the cold, but Mary can't stand it.
Tom doesn't mind lending Mary money.
Tom doesn't mind helping Mary occasionally.
Tom doesn't love Mary anymore.
Tom doesn't live with Mary.
Tom doesn't like to lend his books to Mary.
Tom doesn't like the way Mary treats her dog.
Tom doesn't like the way Mary talks.
Tom doesn't like the way Mary laughs.
Tom doesn't like the same kind of music as Mary does.
Tom doesn't like Mary's living there alone.
Tom doesn't like Mary's idea very much.
Tom doesn't like Mary's boyfriend.
Tom doesn't like Mary.
Tom doesn't like Mary, but I like her.
Tom doesn't like Mary very much.
Tom doesn't like cats and Mary doesn't either.
Tom doesn't let Mary watch TV after 10:p.m.
Tom doesn't let Mary get near him.
Tom doesn't know why Mary was late.
Tom doesn't know why Mary was in a bad mood this morning.
Tom doesn't know why Mary was crying.
Tom doesn't know why Mary quit her job.
Tom doesn't know why Mary isn't here today.
Tom doesn't know why Mary dropped out of college.
Tom doesn't know why Mary doesn't like him.
Tom doesn't know why Mary doesn't eat meat.
Tom doesn't know why Mary didn't come to the party.
Tom doesn't know who Mary went to the zoo with.
Tom doesn't know who Mary is.
Tom doesn't know who Mary is planning to go to the prom with.
Tom doesn't know whether what Mary says is true or not.
Tom doesn't know whether to accept or to refuse Mary's offer.
Tom doesn't know whether Mary will come or not.
Tom doesn't know whether Mary will come by car or by bicycle.
Tom doesn't know whether Mary will agree to go or not.
Tom doesn't know whether Mary likes him or not.
Tom doesn't know whether Mary is younger or older than he is.
Tom doesn't know whether Mary is telling the truth or not.
Tom doesn't know whether Mary is happy or not.
Tom doesn't know whether Mary is dead or alive.
Tom doesn't know where to wait for Mary.
Tom doesn't know where Mary went.
Tom doesn't know where Mary lives.
Tom doesn't know where Mary learned how to drive.
Tom doesn't know where Mary is.
Tom doesn't know where Mary is now.
Tom doesn't know where Mary has gone.
Tom doesn't know where Mary graduated from.
Tom doesn't know where Mary comes from.
Tom doesn't know when Mary will visit Boston.
Tom doesn't know when Mary will leave for Boston.
Tom doesn't know when Mary will leave Boston.
Tom doesn't know when Mary will come.
Tom doesn't know when Mary will come back.
Tom doesn't know when Mary will be here.
Tom doesn't know when Mary left.
Tom doesn't know when Mary is supposed to come.
Tom doesn't know when Mary got married.
Tom doesn't know when Mary got back from Boston.
Tom doesn't know when Mary can come.
Tom doesn't know when Mary came to Boston.
Tom doesn't know what's bothering Mary.
Tom doesn't know what to say to make Mary feel better.
Tom doesn't know what to feed Mary's dog.
Tom doesn't know what to buy Mary for her birthday.
Tom doesn't know what plan Mary will choose.
Tom doesn't know what Mary's shoe size is.
Tom doesn't know what Mary's doing now.
Tom doesn't know what Mary wants.
Tom doesn't know what Mary wants to eat for dinner.
Tom doesn't know what Mary wants to do.
Tom doesn't know what Mary wants him to buy her for her birthday.
Tom doesn't know what Mary means when she says that.
Tom doesn't know what Mary is looking for.
Tom doesn't know what Mary is like.
Tom doesn't know what Mary does for a living.
Tom doesn't know what kind of person Mary is.
Tom doesn't know what he'd do without Mary.
Tom doesn't know what happened to Mary.
Tom doesn't know what became of Mary after she graduated from high school.
Tom doesn't know the reason why Mary went to Boston.
Tom doesn't know the reason why Mary isn't coming.
Tom doesn't know the reason why Mary is absent.
Tom doesn't know the reason Mary is absent today.
Tom doesn't know the boy talking to Mary.
Tom doesn't know that Mary is still a high school student.
Tom doesn't know that Mary is in love with him.
Tom doesn't know Mary's telephone number.
Tom doesn't know Mary's phone number.
Tom doesn't know Mary's last name.
Tom doesn't know Mary's address.
Tom doesn't know Mary's address yet.
Tom doesn't know Mary.
Tom doesn't know Mary, but he'd like to meet her.
Tom doesn't know Mary at all.
Tom doesn't know if Mary will go with him tomorrow or not.
Tom doesn't know if Mary will go to the mountains or to the beach.
Tom doesn't know if Mary will go camping with us or not.
Tom doesn't know if Mary will come.
Tom doesn't know if Mary will come tomorrow.
Tom doesn't know if Mary wants to go with us or not.
Tom doesn't know if Mary remembers him.
Tom doesn't know if Mary likes pumpkin pie or not.
Tom doesn't know if Mary is coming or not.
Tom doesn't know how worried Mary is.
Tom doesn't know how to get to Mary's house.
Tom doesn't know how tall Mary is.
Tom doesn't know how much Mary weighs.
Tom doesn't know how much Mary loves him.
Tom doesn't know how Mary will get to school tomorrow.
Tom doesn't know how Mary was able to afford a new car.
Tom doesn't know how long he'll have to wait for Mary.
Tom doesn't know for certain who Mary's boyfriend is.
Tom doesn't know for certain when Mary will come.
Tom doesn't know for certain when Mary will arrive.
Tom doesn't know for certain what Mary is going to do.
Tom doesn't know exactly where Mary lives.
Tom doesn't know exactly when Mary will get home.
Tom doesn't know exactly what time Mary's train pulled out of the station.
Tom doesn't know either Mary or her sister.
Tom doesn't know anything about Mary's plan.
Tom doesn't know anything about Mary's past.
Tom doesn't know anything about Mary's family.
Tom doesn't know anything about Mary.
Tom doesn't know anything about Mary, other than her name.
Tom doesn't know anything about Mary at all.
Tom doesn't know any of Mary's friends.
Tom doesn't heed any advice from Mary.
Tom doesn't have to worry about Mary anymore.
Tom doesn't have to wash the car. Mary's already washed it.
Tom doesn't have to tell Mary if he doesn't want to.
Tom doesn't have to stay home to help Mary.
Tom doesn't have to pay attention to what Mary says.
Tom doesn't have to listen to what Mary says.
Tom doesn't have to hide his feelings from Mary.
Tom doesn't have to help Mary.
Tom doesn't have to dance with Mary unless he wants to.
Tom doesn't have to apologize to Mary.
Tom doesn't have the time to help Mary right now.
Tom doesn't have the faintest idea what Mary is trying to do.
Tom doesn't have the courage to ask Mary to lend him her video camera.
Tom doesn't have any idea how much Mary loves him.
Tom doesn't hang out with Mary anymore.
Tom doesn't get what Mary means.
Tom doesn't get up as early as Mary.
Tom doesn't get along with Mary.
Tom doesn't feel that he can trust Mary.
Tom doesn't feel like talking to Mary tonight.
Tom doesn't expect anything from Mary.
Tom doesn't ever want to see Mary again.
Tom doesn't even try to help Mary.
Tom doesn't enjoy hanging out with Mary.
Tom doesn't earn enough money to support a woman like Mary.
Tom doesn't doubt that Mary will arrive on time.
Tom doesn't doubt Mary's ability to do the job.
Tom doesn't doubt that Mary will come to the party.
Tom doesn't care whether Mary stays or goes.
Tom doesn't care what Mary says.
Tom doesn't care what Mary does.
Tom doesn't care how Mary dresses.
Tom doesn't care about what Mary says about him.
Tom doesn't believe what Mary says.
Tom doesn't believe the rumors about Mary.
Tom doesn't believe that Mary has been faithful to him.
Tom doesn't believe Mary. He thinks she's lying.
Tom doesn't believe Mary at all.
Tom doesn't always get up early, but he always gets up before Mary does.
Tom doesn't always arrive on time, but Mary usually does.
Tom doesn't allow Mary to go out much.
Tom doesn't allow his children to play with Mary.
Tom doesn't agree with Mary.
Tom doesn't agree with Mary on that point.
Tom doesn't agree with Mary at all.
Tom does much better than Mary does at school.
Tom divorced Mary.
Tom divorced Mary after the children graduated from college.
Tom ditched Mary in the park.
Tom disregarded Mary's advice.
Tom disliked Mary.
Tom discussed the problem with Mary.
Tom discussed the matter with Mary.
Tom discovered just how gullible Mary was.
Tom disapproved of Mary singing in bars.
Tom disappointed Mary.
Tom disagrees with Mary on that matter.
Tom disagreed with Mary on that point.
Tom died just a few hours after Mary died.
Tom died in the evening of the day he and Mary got married.
Tom didn't want to work with Mary.
Tom didn't want to tell Mary the sad news.
Tom didn't want to do what Mary suggested.
Tom didn't want to disturb Mary so late at night, but it was an emergency.
Tom didn't want to disappoint Mary.
Tom didn't want to break Mary's heart.
Tom didn't want to argue with Mary.
Tom didn't want Mary to play with his kid.
Tom didn't want Mary to leave.
Tom didn't want Mary to go out with other guys.
Tom didn't want Mary to drive his car.
Tom didn't want Mary to die.
Tom didn't understand the joke Mary told.
Tom didn't understand Mary at all.
Tom didn't think what Mary was wearing was appropriate for the occasion.
Tom didn't think that Mary would get the better of him.
Tom didn't think Mary would enjoy the concert.
Tom didn't think Mary could fix his watch.
Tom didn't thank Mary sufficiently.
Tom didn't thank Mary enough for all the work she did.
Tom didn't tell Mary his secret.
Tom didn't tell Mary anything.
Tom didn't tell Mary anything at all about his plan.
Tom didn't tell Mary about the accident.
Tom didn't take Mary's age into consideration.
Tom didn't stop smoking, so Mary left the room.
Tom didn't speak to Mary at all last night.
Tom didn't seem interested in what Mary was saying.
Tom didn't see Mary.
Tom didn't see Mary anywhere.
Tom didn't reply to Mary's email message.
Tom didn't recognize Mary.
Tom didn't recognize Mary at first.
Tom didn't really want to go out with Mary.
Tom didn't notice what Mary was wearing.
Tom didn't notice Mary go out.
Tom didn't notice how Mary was dressed.
Tom didn't need to tell Mary. She already knew.
Tom didn't mind helping Mary do the dishes.
Tom didn't meet Mary or anyone else.
Tom didn't mean to tell Mary the secret, but he did.
Tom didn't mean to step on Mary's foot.
Tom didn't mean to hurt Mary's feelings.
Tom didn't mean to hurt Mary.
Tom didn't mean to disappoint Mary.
Tom didn't live up to Mary's expectations.
Tom didn't like the way Mary spoke to him.
Tom didn't like Mary's husband.
Tom didn't like Mary's advice.
Tom didn't like Mary.
Tom didn't like Mary at that time.
Tom didn't let Mary play outside.
Tom didn't let Mary go out in the rain.
Tom didn't know whether Mary was safe or not.
Tom didn't know where to go to buy a ticket for Mary's concert.
Tom didn't know where Mary spent her summer vacation.
Tom didn't know where Mary came from.
Tom didn't know when Mary was planning to go to Boston.
Tom didn't know when Mary had come to Boston.
Tom didn't know what to say to Mary.
Tom didn't know the reason why Mary wouldn't accept his invitation.
Tom didn't know the reason why Mary was crying.
Tom didn't know the reason why Mary wanted a new dress.
Tom didn't know the reason why Mary didn't like him.
Tom didn't know the reason why Mary couldn't go bowling.
Tom didn't know that Mary was in town.
Tom didn't know that Mary had decided to quit her job.
Tom didn't know that Mary had children.
Tom didn't know that Mary could speak French.
Tom didn't know Mary was such a good cook.
Tom didn't know Mary was seeing someone else.
Tom didn't know Mary was married.
Tom didn't know Mary had decided to leave him.
Tom didn't know how unhappy Mary was.
Tom didn't know how to answer Mary's question.
Tom didn't know for certain when Mary was going to arrive.
Tom didn't know any of the details of Mary's plan.
Tom didn't keep his promise to help Mary.
Tom didn't intend to let Mary kiss him.
Tom didn't intend to hurt Mary's feelings.
Tom didn't hesitate to tell Mary the truth.
Tom didn't help Mary.
Tom didn't have time to explain everything to Mary.
Tom didn't have the slightest idea what Mary was talking about.
Tom didn't have the heart to tell Mary the truth.
Tom didn't have the courage to tell Mary the truth.
Tom didn't have the courage to tell Mary that he had made a mistake.
Tom didn't have the courage to refuse to do what Mary asked him to do.
Tom didn't have the courage to disobey Mary.
Tom didn't have the courage to ask Mary out.
Tom didn't have Mary's address with him.
Tom didn't give Mary his real telephone number.
Tom didn't expect that Mary would outsmart him.
Tom didn't expect that Mary would be able to play the harp so well.
Tom didn't expect such a nice present from Mary.
Tom didn't expect Mary to show up on time.
Tom didn't expect Mary to finish her homework so quickly.
Tom didn't do anything to help Mary.
Tom didn't clap after Mary's performance.
Tom didn't buy anything for Mary.
Tom didn't believe what Mary said.
Tom didn't believe Mary at first.
Tom didn't attend Mary's funeral.
Tom didn't appear to recognize Mary.
Tom didn't answer Mary's question.
Tom didn't agree with Mary.
Tom didn't agree with Mary about the matter.
Tom didn't accept Mary's invitation.
Tom didn't accept Mary's apology.
Tom did what Mary told him to do.
Tom did what he could for Mary, but it wasn't enough.
Tom did the dishes for Mary.
Tom did the best he could, but he wasn't able to get a higher grade than Mary.
Tom did it just to impress Mary.
Tom did his best to help Mary.
Tom despises Mary.
Tom despised Mary.
Tom depends on Mary.
Tom depends too much on Mary.
Tom denied that he had ever met Mary.
Tom denied Mary's request.
Tom denied having ever met Mary.
Tom declined the invitation to Mary's party.
Tom declined Mary's offer.
Tom declined Mary's invitation.
Tom decided to wait until Mary had some free time.
Tom decided to tell Mary that he loved her.
Tom decided to make a deal with Mary.
Tom decided to ask for Mary's help.
Tom decided not to go hiking with Mary.
Tom decided he wouldn't go with Mary.
Tom danced with Mary.
Tom danced with Mary and only three other girls at the high school prom.
Tom cut Mary's picture out of the magazine.
Tom crossed the river to get to Mary's house.
Tom crossed the bridge to get to Mary's house.
Tom criticized Mary for not doing the job correctly.
Tom cried as he read the letter he got from Mary.
Tom counts on Mary's help.
Tom counts on Mary.
Tom counts on Mary to help him.
Tom counted to ten then he yelled at Mary.
Tom couldn't understand why Mary laughed at him.
Tom couldn't understand why Mary had to leave.
Tom couldn't understand why Mary frowned at him.
Tom couldn't understand why Mary didn't like him.
Tom couldn't understand what Mary was saying.
Tom couldn't understand what Mary was getting at.
Tom couldn't understand Mary's joke.
Tom couldn't understand Mary at first.
Tom couldn't understand Mary at all.
Tom couldn't understand anything that Mary said.
Tom couldn't understand anything Mary said.
Tom couldn't understand a single word of what Mary said.
Tom couldn't think what he should give Mary for Christmas.
Tom couldn't think of any reason for not giving Mary the present.
Tom couldn't tell whether Mary dyed her hair or not.
Tom couldn't tell what Mary was thinking.
Tom couldn't tell Mary everything he knew.
Tom couldn't take his eyes off Mary.
Tom couldn't remember the name of the place where he met Mary.
Tom couldn't remember Mary's address.
Tom couldn't quite bring himself to strangle Mary.
Tom couldn't put up with Mary any longer.
Tom couldn't make Mary understand what he meant.
Tom couldn't live up to Mary's expectations.
Tom couldn't lift Mary's suitcase.
Tom couldn't imagine that Mary would really say that.
Tom couldn't hide his feelings from Mary.
Tom couldn't help worrying about Mary.
Tom couldn't help thinking about Mary.
Tom couldn't help getting angry with Mary.
Tom couldn't help feeling sorry for Mary.
Tom couldn't hear what Mary was saying.
Tom couldn't have done it without Mary's help.
Tom couldn't get Mary to stop smoking.
Tom couldn't get Mary to leave him alone.
Tom couldn't get Mary to do it.
Tom couldn't get Mary on the phone.
Tom couldn't get in touch with Mary.
Tom couldn't forgive Mary for killing his parents.
Tom couldn't find out Mary's address.
Tom couldn't find Mary's house.
Tom couldn't find Mary even though he said he looked just about everywhere.
Tom couldn't figure out what Mary was trying to say.
Tom couldn't figure out what Mary was talking about.
Tom couldn't figure out what Mary really wanted.
Tom couldn't figure out what Mary meant.
Tom couldn't convince Mary that she had made a mistake.
Tom couldn't catch what Mary said.
Tom couldn't believe what Mary said had happened.
Tom couldn't answer all of Mary's questions.
Tom could tell right away that Mary was in trouble.
Tom could tell by the look on Mary's face that she was very excited.
Tom could tell by Mary's accent that she wasn't a native speaker.
Tom could tell by Mary's accent that she was probably from Ireland.
Tom could see that Mary was in a lot of pain.
Tom could see Mary's house in the distance.
Tom could see Mary from where he stood.
Tom could only tell Mary what he knew.
Tom could hear Mary, but he couldn't see her.
Tom could hear Mary talking in the next room.
Tom could hardly understand what Mary said.
Tom could hardly keep from laughing when he saw Mary trying to juggle some balls.
Tom could hardly hear what Mary was saying.
Tom could hardly believe his ears when he heard that Mary was coming back home to stay.
Tom could find Mary's house easily.
Tom could barely hear what Mary was trying to say.
Tom cooks chicken just the way Mary likes it.
Tom convinced Mary that she was wrong.
Tom convinced Mary that it wasn't his fault.
Tom contacted Mary.
Tom consulted Mary about the plan.
Tom consulted Mary about the matter.
Tom considers Mary to be a heroine.
Tom congratulated Mary on her graduation.
Tom congratulated Mary on passing her driving test.
Tom confessed to murdering Mary.
Tom concealed his anger from Mary.
Tom complained to Mary about the food.
Tom compared his answers with Mary's.
Tom compared a picture taken of Mary three years ago with one that had been taken recently.
Tom claims he knows nothing about Mary.
Tom claimed that he'd already given Mary the money.
Tom chose Mary for the job.
Tom changed his mind about going out with Mary and stayed home.
Tom challenged Mary to a game of chess.
Tom caught up with Mary.
Tom caught Mary stealing his money from the cash register.
Tom caught Mary smoking a cigarette.
Tom caught a glimpse of Mary.
Tom carried Mary on his shoulders.
Tom carried Mary on his back.
Tom canceled his appointment with Mary.
Tom can't wait to meet Mary.
Tom can't understand why Mary is angry.
Tom can't understand Mary's motives.
Tom can't turn Mary down.
Tom can't trust Mary to look after his house while he's away.
Tom can't tell Mary his real feelings.
Tom can't take his eyes off Mary.
Tom can't swim and neither can Mary.
Tom can't swim and Mary can't either.
Tom can't stop Mary from saying what she thinks.
Tom can't stand Mary.
Tom can't stand being around Mary.
Tom can't speak French. Mary can't speak French either.
Tom can't seem to understand what Mary is trying to say.
Tom can't say for sure where Mary lives.
Tom can't say for sure when Mary will arrive.
Tom can't say for sure how many times Mary has been to Boston.
Tom can't run as fast as Mary.
Tom can't remember when Mary moved to Boston.
Tom can't remember Mary's address.
Tom can't rely on Mary's help.
Tom can't put up with Mary's carelessness any longer.
Tom can't put up with Mary's behavior anymore.
Tom can't put up with Mary's behavior any longer.
Tom can't put up with Mary's bad manners any longer.
Tom can't play the ocarina, but Mary can.
Tom can't keep up with Mary.
Tom can't help thinking about Mary.
Tom can't get over how Mary treated him.
Tom can't get in touch with Mary.
Tom can't get along with Mary.
Tom can't forgive Mary for what she did.
Tom can't forgive Mary for behaving like that.
Tom can't forget the time he and Mary had their first big argument.
Tom can't forget the day he met Mary.
Tom can't forget Mary.
Tom can't find the right words to describe his feelings for Mary.
Tom can't even pretend to like Mary.
Tom can't deny the fact that he did what Mary accused him of doing.
Tom can't bear even the sight of Mary.
Tom can't be much older than Mary.
Tom can understand Mary's problem to some extent.
Tom can understand Mary's French.
Tom can swim, but Mary can't.
Tom can swim as fast as Mary.
Tom can swim as fast as Mary can.
Tom can swim almost as fast as Mary.
Tom can swim almost as fast as Mary can.
Tom can still remember the pain caused when Mary left him.
Tom can spell better than Mary.
Tom can speak French almost as well as Mary.
Tom can speak French almost as well as Mary can.
Tom can run as fast as Mary.
Tom can rely on Mary to be on time.
Tom can hear Mary very well.
Tom can go hear Mary sing at that club whenever he wants to.
Tom can get in touch with Mary by email.
Tom came to dislike Mary.
Tom came home earlier than Mary expected.
Tom came close to beating Mary to death.
Tom came after Mary left.
Tom calls Mary up every night.
Tom calls Mary every night and talks with her for at least minutes.
Tom called to tell Mary that he'd be late.
Tom called on Mary to express his sympathy.
Tom called Mary.
Tom called Mary, but the line was busy.
Tom called Mary up yesterday.
Tom called Mary up from the airport.
Tom called Mary up and asked her what her schedule was.
Tom called Mary to the telephone.
Tom called Mary to tell her he'd be late.
Tom called Mary to apologize to her, but she hung up on him.
Tom called Mary every bad name he could think of.
Tom called Mary a traitor.
Tom called Mary a liar.
Tom called Mary a coward.
Tom called a cab for Mary.
Tom calculated that he had given Mary over 34,dollars in the past six months.
Tom burst out laughing when he saw Mary dancing a jig.
Tom bumped into Mary the other day at the supermarket.
Tom brought his dog over to Mary's house.
Tom brought a gift for Mary.
Tom broke off his engagement to Mary.
Tom broke into Mary's car and stole what was hidden under the driver's seat.
Tom bought the same camera that Mary has.
Tom bought that camera because Mary thought it was the one he should buy.
Tom bought something for Mary.
Tom bought Mary an expensive umbrella.
Tom bought Mary a puppy.
Tom bought Mary a nice camera.
Tom bought Mary a fairly expensive camera.
Tom bought Mary a camera.
Tom bought a new camera for Mary to replace the one he had borrowed and lost.
Tom bought a camera to give to Mary.
Tom bought a camera to give to Mary on her birthday.
Tom bought a camera from Mary.
Tom bought a camera for Mary.
Tom borrowed some money from Mary.
Tom borrowed a large amount of money from Mary.
Tom borrowed a book from Mary.
Tom blushed when he saw Mary naked.
Tom blocked Mary's way and wouldn't let her enter the room.
Tom blocked Mary's punch, then slapped her with his right hand.
Tom blamed the failure on Mary.
Tom blamed Mary for the project's failure.
Tom blamed Mary for the accident that killed their son.
Tom betrayed Mary's trust.
Tom bet Mary that he could beat her at arm wrestling.
Tom bends over backwards to please Mary.
Tom believes that Mary will do well in her new job.
Tom believes that Mary made a big mistake when she sold her father's Stradivarius.
Tom believes that Mary is innocent.
Tom believes that getting married to Mary was the best thing he's ever done.
Tom believes Mary made the right choice.
Tom believed that Mary was innocent.
Tom begged Mary to stay.
Tom began to suspect Mary would leave him.
Tom began to sing his favorite song and Mary harmonized with him.
Tom began to look into the problem as soon as Mary brought it to his attention.
Tom became tired of always having to pay the bill every time he went out with Mary.
Tom became friends with Mary when he was living in Boston.
Tom became concerned about Mary's safety.
Tom became aware that Mary was staring at him.
Tom beat Mary up.
Tom beat Mary to within an inch of her life.
Tom beat Mary at checkers.
Tom bandaged Mary's arm.
Tom bailed Mary out of jail.
Tom attributed his success to Mary's help.
Tom attended Mary's graduation ceremony.
Tom attempted to persuade Mary to go to church with him.
Tom ate the last slice of bread so Mary had nothing to eat.
Tom ate by himself even though he had hoped to eat with Mary.
Tom assured Mary that he'd help her paint the ceiling of her kitchen.
Tom assured Mary that he wouldn't be late for the party.
Tom assumes Mary will be willing to help with the bake sale.
Tom assumed that Mary would have the work finished by the time he arrived.
Tom assigned the job to Mary.
Tom assigned Mary to do the job.
Tom asked Mary to watch the children.
Tom asked me to pick Mary up at the airport.
Tom asked Mary's advice about the problem.
Tom asked Mary why she was smiling.
Tom asked Mary why she was late.
Tom asked Mary why she was crying.
Tom asked Mary why she was buying so much food.
Tom asked Mary why she had done that.
Tom asked Mary who she thought would be the most likely to win the race.
Tom asked Mary who had given her the picture.
Tom asked Mary who had been the first to arrive.
Tom asked Mary which way to turn.
Tom asked Mary whether she'd like to go shopping.
Tom asked Mary whether she'd like to go shopping in the afternoon.
Tom asked Mary whether she planned to swim or not.
Tom asked Mary whether she liked the plan or not.
Tom asked Mary whether she liked him.
Tom asked Mary where the dog was.
Tom asked Mary where she went to school.
Tom asked Mary where she was going to be later in the evening.
Tom asked Mary where she wanted him to put the bag of dog food.
Tom asked Mary where she usually went shopping.
Tom asked Mary where she planned to be on Saturday evening.
Tom asked Mary where she lived.
Tom asked Mary where she lived, but she wouldn't tell him.
Tom asked Mary where he should put his suitcase.
Tom asked Mary when she was going to buy a new pair of shoes for her youngest daughter.
Tom asked Mary what the weather had been like while he was away.
Tom asked Mary what she wanted.
Tom asked Mary what she wanted for her birthday.
Tom asked Mary what she really wanted.
Tom asked Mary what she had bought at the jewelry store.
Tom asked Mary what she had been doing all morning.
Tom asked Mary what kind of music she liked.
Tom asked Mary what kind of movies she liked.
Tom asked Mary what kind of food she liked.
Tom asked Mary what her father did for a living.
Tom asked Mary what he should do next.
Tom asked Mary what he should bring to the party.
Tom asked Mary to warm up some leftovers.
Tom asked Mary to wait in the lobby.
Tom asked Mary to wait for him in front of the library.
Tom asked Mary to throw the rotten apple into the garbage.
Tom asked Mary to tell him about the house she had lived in when she was a child.
Tom asked Mary to teach him how to do the waltz.
Tom asked Mary to take her jacket off.
Tom asked Mary to take back what she said.
Tom asked Mary to stay, but she had to get back to work.
Tom asked Mary to stay, but she didn't want to.
Tom asked Mary to stay at home until the babysitter got there.
Tom asked Mary to speak more slowly.
Tom asked Mary to sit down for a while.
Tom asked Mary to see about getting front row seats at the Lady Gaga concert.
Tom asked Mary to pick up some toothpaste and some toilet paper at the supermarket.
Tom asked Mary to open the window.
Tom asked Mary to open the window, but she wouldn't.
Tom asked Mary to meet him in the lobby.
Tom asked Mary to meet him after school.
Tom asked Mary to marry him.
Tom asked Mary to marry him, but she turned down his proposal.
Tom asked Mary to make him something to eat.
Tom asked Mary to help me.
Tom asked Mary to help him reinstall Windows.
Tom asked Mary to help him organize the party.
Tom asked Mary to go to the store to buy some bread.
Tom asked Mary to give him a ride to the amusement park.
Tom asked Mary to give him a massage, but she didn't want to.
Tom asked Mary to give a speech.
Tom asked Mary to give a speech at his school.
Tom asked Mary to get some glasses from the kitchen.
Tom asked Mary to find out how to apply for a visa.
Tom asked Mary to do that, so you don't have to.
Tom asked Mary to do something she didn't want to do.
Tom asked Mary to come again.
Tom asked Mary to call him after dinner.
Tom asked Mary to bring a salad to the party.
Tom asked Mary to brew some coffee.
Tom asked Mary to be quiet.
Tom asked Mary to be home by six-thirty.
Tom asked Mary to be attentive during meetings.
Tom asked Mary to answer the telephone.
Tom asked Mary the same question he had asked me.
Tom asked Mary several questions.
Tom asked Mary out on a date.
Tom asked Mary not to wake him up before seven.
Tom asked Mary not to play the drums so late at night.
Tom asked Mary not to leave.
Tom asked Mary not to leave him alone.
Tom asked Mary not to drive so fast.
Tom asked Mary many times to let him go home early, but she wouldn't let him.
Tom asked Mary many questions that she couldn't answer.
Tom asked Mary many questions about life in Boston.
Tom asked Mary many questions about Australia.
Tom asked Mary if she'd return soon.
Tom asked Mary if she'd help him.
Tom asked Mary if she'd go.
Tom asked Mary if she was really happy with her new job.
Tom asked Mary if she was free the next day.
Tom asked Mary if she was free on Valentine's Day.
Tom asked Mary if she was busy.
Tom asked Mary if she wanted to ride his horse.
Tom asked Mary if she wanted something to drink.
Tom asked Mary if she spoke more than three languages.
Tom asked Mary if she needed some help.
Tom asked Mary if she liked Mexican food.
Tom asked Mary if she knew when the concert started.
Tom asked Mary if she knew how to play that song on the flute.
Tom asked Mary if she knew how to knit.
Tom asked Mary if she knew his new address.
Tom asked Mary if she had enjoyed herself at the party.
Tom asked Mary if she had been to Boston.
Tom asked Mary if she enjoyed reading murder mysteries.
Tom asked Mary if he could read her mother's letter.
Tom asked Mary if he could borrow her English textbook.
Tom asked Mary if he could borrow her bicycle.
Tom asked Mary if dinner was ready.
Tom asked Mary how to get to her house.
Tom asked Mary how she had lost so much weight.
Tom asked Mary how many people had come to her party.
Tom asked Mary for something hot to drink.
Tom asked Mary for some money so he could buy something to eat.
Tom asked Mary for help.
Tom asked Mary for directions.
Tom asked Mary for advice.
Tom asked Mary for a divorce.
Tom asked Mary for a date, but she turned him down.
Tom asked Mary's father to buy him a ticket.
Tom asked Mary and her friends for help.
Tom asked Mary about what she did in school that day.
Tom asked Mary about the accident that she was involved in.
Tom asked Mary about her new job in Boston.
Tom asked Mary about her new boyfriend.
Tom asked Mary about her grandmother.
Tom asked Mary a rather difficult question.
Tom asked Mary a lot of questions, but she refused to answer some of them.
Tom asked Mary a lot of personal questions.
Tom asked Mary a few questions that she couldn't answer, but she was able to answer most of his questions.
Tom asked if anybody knew anything about Mary.
Tom asked her if she was Mary.
Tom asked for Mary's permission to leave early.
Tom asked for Mary's help.
Tom asked for Mary's address and wrote it down on a piece of scrap paper.
Tom asked Mary if she could make him a sandwich.
Tom asked a few questions that Mary didn't want to answer.
Tom arrived too early and Mary wasn't ready yet.
Tom arrived at the party after Mary did.
Tom arrived ahead of Mary.
Tom arrived after Mary had left.
Tom argued with Mary about the matter.
Tom argued with Mary about money.
Tom appreciates everything that Mary has done for him.
Tom appreciated Mary's hard work.
Tom appreciated Mary's advice.
Tom appreciated all the letters Mary sent him while he was in prison.
Tom appointed Mary to act as his assistant.
Tom apologized to Mary for not doing what he was supposed to do.
Tom apologized to Mary for his son's rudeness.
Tom apologized to Mary for his son's impolite remarks.
Tom apologized to Mary for being late.
Tom apologized to Mary for accidentally stepping on her foot.
Tom apologized for not having told Mary sooner.
Tom answered Mary's letter right away.
Tom answered all of Mary's questions.
Tom and Mary worked out their problems.
Tom and Mary woke up early to see the first sunrise of the year.
Tom and Mary were too busy yelling at each other to notice that I'd entered the room.
Tom and Mary were talking quietly in the kitchen a few minutes ago.
Tom and Mary were plotting to kill Tom's father for the life insurance.
Tom and Mary were paddling a canoe down the river the last time I saw them.
Tom and Mary were my backup singers back when I used to perform.
Tom and Mary were just shooting the breeze.
Tom and Mary were just in time for the last train.
Tom and Mary were in the same class.
Tom and Mary were in the same class last year.
Tom and Mary were in the garden.
Tom and Mary were held as hostages for three months.
Tom and Mary were classmates.
Tom and Mary were both sitting cross-legged on the floor.
Tom and Mary were a match made in heaven.
Tom and Mary went fishing together.
Tom and Mary went away for the weekend.
Tom and Mary walked up the street together.
Tom and Mary are very much in love.
Tom and Mary usually take it easy on Sundays.
Tom and Mary usually like to sit in the front row.
Tom and Mary traveled around Japan.
Tom and Mary took a long walk through the countryside.
Tom and Mary shared an umbrella. However, it wasn't big enough and they both got wet.
Tom and Mary share the responsibility for it.
Tom and Mary seem to be suited for each other.
Tom and Mary seem to be in some kind of trouble.
Tom and Mary seem to be fighting all the time.
Tom and Mary say that they have the perfect marriage.
Tom and Mary sat down to dinner at the usual time.
Tom and Mary reached an agreement.
Tom and Mary ran into the air-raid shelter.
Tom and Mary raise rabbits for meat.
Tom and Mary quarrel almost every day.
Tom and Mary pushed the table against the wall.
Tom and Mary pretended to be husband and wife.
Tom and Mary often work together on Friday.
Tom and Mary met in front of the museum at 2:30.
Tom and Mary meet in downtown Boston once a month.
Tom and Mary love each other.
Tom and Mary looked at each other.
Tom and Mary live under the same roof.
Tom and Mary live in the same house.
Tom and Mary like each other.
Tom and Mary laughed about the time they had a food fight.
Tom and Mary know each other.
Tom and Mary know each other well.
Tom and Mary just wanted to dance with each other all evening.
Tom and Mary just met three months ago.
Tom and Mary just don't hit it off.
Tom and Mary immediately became friends.
Tom and Mary helped each other with their homework.
Tom and Mary have nothing in common.
Tom and Mary have different philosophies of life.
Tom and Mary have broken off their engagement.
Tom and Mary have been married for more than thirty years.
Tom and Mary have been married for about three years.
Tom and Mary have been friends for three years.
Tom and Mary have been at odds with each other for a long time.
Tom and Mary have achieved remarkable results using their new technique.
Tom and Mary hated each other.
Tom and Mary had their old house torn down.
Tom and Mary had a nice time together.
Tom and Mary had a good time together.
Tom and Mary had a good time playing chess.
Tom and Mary got married three years ago.
Tom and Mary got married three years after they first met.
Tom and Mary got married the week after they graduated from college.
Tom and Mary got married about three years ago.
Tom and Mary got along very well.
Tom and Mary get along well with each other.
Tom and Mary gave exactly the same answers on the test which made the teacher suspicious.
Tom and Mary furnished their house with inexpensive furniture.
Tom and Mary fought like cat and dog.
Tom and Mary finally decided to get married.
Tom and Mary fell in love with each other.
Tom and Mary fell head over heels in love with each other.
Tom and Mary failed to reach an agreement.
Tom and Mary enjoy playing music together.
Tom and Mary drifted down the river in their canoe.
Tom and Mary don't speak French at home.
Tom and Mary don't seem to be hungry.
Tom and Mary don't know each other very well.
Tom and Mary don't have much in common.
Tom and Mary don't get along. They have nothing in common.
Tom and Mary don't get along very well.
Tom and Mary discussed their future plans.
Tom and Mary discussed the problem for almost an hour.
Tom and Mary died in the fire.
Tom and Mary didn't enjoy walking in the rain.
Tom and Mary detest each other.
Tom and Mary demanded better working conditions.
Tom and Mary decided to meet there again the following week.
Tom and Mary decided to get married.
Tom and Mary cut classes and went to the zoo.
Tom and Mary couldn't go on a picnic because it was raining.
Tom and Mary cooked dinner on Monday.
Tom and Mary cleaned up after the party.
Tom and Mary claim that they never lie to each other.
Tom and Mary celebrated their success.
Tom and Mary celebrate Christmas together every year.
Tom and Mary carried the injured man to the side of the road.
Tom and Mary came up with a possible solution to their problem.
Tom and Mary both want to go.
Tom and Mary both started talking at the same time.
Tom and Mary both prefer watching comedies.
Tom and Mary became very good friends.
Tom and Mary ate at a three-hundred-year-old restaurant.
Tom and Mary argue a lot, but they still get along quite well together.
Tom and Mary aren't speaking to each other.
Tom and Mary aren't quite sure what to make of this.
Tom and Mary aren't interested in buying a house with a pool.
Tom and Mary aren't getting along very well with each other nowadays.
Tom and Mary aren't Canadians.
Tom and Mary are watching TV in the living room.
Tom and Mary are very good friends.
Tom and Mary are very close to each other.
Tom and Mary are the same age.
Tom and Mary are the only ones still in the room.
Tom and Mary are talking about what they'll do on Valentine's Day.
Tom and Mary are really made for each other.
Tom and Mary are planning to have a house built after they have their first child.
Tom and Mary are on the same wavelength.
Tom and Mary are on good terms with each other.
Tom and Mary are now discussing the problem.
Tom and Mary are no longer on speaking terms.
Tom and Mary are neighbors.
Tom and Mary are moving next month.
Tom and Mary are in the same class.
Tom and Mary are husband and wife.
Tom and Mary are having a house-warming party this coming Friday evening.
Tom and Mary are having a good time.
Tom and Mary are growing further and further apart.
Tom and Mary are good friends.
Tom and Mary are going to tie the knot this spring.
Tom and Mary are going to have a baby.
Tom and Mary are going to have a baby next month.
Tom and Mary are going to climb Mt. Fuji next summer.
Tom and Mary are going to be here in ten minutes.
Tom and Mary are going to a dance tomorrow evening.
Tom and Mary are going downtown to eat pizza.
Tom and Mary are giving a party on Friday night.
Tom and Mary are from the same part of the country.
Tom and Mary are from the same city.
Tom and Mary are flying to Boston tomorrow.
Tom and Mary are expecting visitors this evening.
Tom and Mary are expecting their first child next month.
Tom and Mary are expecting a baby.
Tom and Mary are devoted to each other.
Tom and Mary are dependent on each other.
Tom and Mary are deeply in love.
Tom and Mary are deeply in love with each other.
Tom and Mary are cousins.
Tom and Mary are close friends.
Tom and Mary are carpenters.
Tom and Mary are brother and sister.
Tom and Mary are both wearing brown hats.
Tom and Mary are both very kind and will help anybody who asks.
Tom and Mary are both very competent teachers.
Tom and Mary are both vegetarians.
Tom and Mary are both students.
Tom and Mary are both still single.
Tom and Mary are both responsible for it.
Tom and Mary are both old enough to know better.
Tom and Mary are both indecisive.
Tom and Mary are both good students.
Tom and Mary are both colleagues of mine.
Tom and Mary are both at work.
Tom and Mary are at work now.
Tom and Mary are at home today.
Tom and Mary are as different as night and day.
Tom and Mary are as different as black and white.
Tom and Mary are always flirting with each other.
Tom and Mary are always at each other's throats.
Tom and Mary are always arguing about money.
Tom and Mary are always arguing about how to raise their children.
Tom and Mary are about the same height.
Tom and Mary are about the same age.
Tom and Mary are a perfect match for each other.
Tom and Mary always talk about the same old things. It gets kind of boring.
Tom and Mary always seem to have a wonderful time together.
Tom and Mary always play tennis on Saturday morning.
Tom and Mary almost always play tennis after school.
Tom and Mary agreed to postpone the party for a week.
Tom and Mary agreed to leave the party before midnight.
Tom and Mary agreed on a price.
Tom and Mary adopted two children whose parents had been killed by a suicide bomber.
Tom and Mary adopted three children.
Tom and Mary admired the scenery as they held hands.
Tom and Mary accomplished their mission without any difficulty.
Tom always wanted to visit Mary, but he never had the chance.
Tom always treats Mary like a child.
Tom always gets nervous when Mary is around.
Tom always feels happy when he sees Mary.
Tom always complains about what Mary does.
Tom always behaves himself well. However, Mary does not.
Tom almost didn't get to meet Mary.
Tom allowed Mary to leave early.
Tom allowed Mary to go home early.
Tom all but accused Mary of being a thief.
Tom agrees that Mary should do most of the driving on their upcoming trip.
Tom agreed with Mary in principle.
Tom agreed to help Mary with her work.
Tom agreed to accept Mary's offer.
Tom agreed that Mary's suggestions were good ones.
Tom advised Mary to take a rest.
Tom advised Mary to leave early in the morning.
Tom advised Mary not to drive too fast in a school zone.
Tom advised Mary not to drink too much.
Tom advanced Mary two week's salary.
Tom adores Mary and follows her everywhere she goes.
Tom adopted Mary's idea.
Tom admitted that what Mary said was true.
Tom admitted that he was no match for Mary in golf.
Tom admitted that he murdered Mary.
Tom admitted that he had stolen Mary's money.
Tom admitted that he had killed Mary.
Tom admires Mary's singing ability.
Tom admires Mary for her honesty.
Tom admired Mary for her courage.
Tom admired Mary for her bravery.
Tom acted like he didn't know Mary.
Tom acted as if he didn't know Mary.
Tom acted as an interpreter for Mary.
Tom accused Mary of stealing some money.
Tom accused Mary of stealing his money.
Tom accused Mary of not being honest.
Tom accused Mary of lying through her teeth.
Tom accused Mary of drinking like a fish.
Tom accused Mary of being a thief.
Tom accompanied Mary to the event.
Tom accompanied Mary on the guitar.
Tom accommodated his schedule to Mary's.
Tom accepts that what Mary said was the truth.
Tom accepted the invitation to attend Mary's party.
Tom accepted that what Mary said was true.
Tom accepted Mary's offer.
Tom accepted Mary's invitation.
Tom accepted Mary's invitation to have dinner with her.
Tom accepted Mary's gift.
Tom accepted Mary's challenge to a tennis match.
Tom accepted an expensive gift from Mary.
Tom absolutely detests Mary.
Though Tom and Mary are twins, they don't look very similar.
This is Tom speaking. Is Mary in?
This is Tom speaking. I'd like to speak to Mary.
They think that Tom followed Mary home and killed her.
There's something going on between Tom and Mary.
There's no doubt that Tom poisoned Mary.
There's no doubt that Tom loved Mary.
There were times when Tom wished he hadn't married Mary.
There were so many things that reminded Tom of Mary.
There were many things that Tom wanted Mary to do that day.
There was no one in the room besides Tom and Mary.
The question is whether Tom was planning to meet Mary or just met her by chance.
The police think that Tom beat Mary to death.
The man Mary is talking with is Tom.
The girl talking with Tom is Mary.
The doctors told Tom that Mary didn't have long to live.
That tall girl standing next to Tom is Mary.
Tell me how Tom and Mary met.
Only Tom and Mary know the inside story.
Now that Tom and Mary have broken up, it's probably OK to ask her out on a date.
No one came yesterday except Tom and Mary.
Mary wouldn't give Tom a divorce.
Mary was dating a younger man.
Mary wanted to finish making breakfast before Tom woke up.
Mary waited years for Tom to get out of prison and was very happy when he finally got released.
Mary used to play with dolls.
Mary used to dream about Tom.
Mary used to dream about marrying Tom.
Mary used to dream about getting married.
Mary took her time choosing a dress even though Tom was waiting for her.
Mary thinks Tom is afraid of commitment.
Mary says that Tom spends his money a little too freely.
Mary says that Tom is afraid of commitment.
Mary said that she loved me, but I didn't believe her.
Mary makes all her own clothes.
Mary looks good in a black dress.
Mary lived in a convent for a few months.
Mary likes both Tom and John.
Mary is very pretty.
Mary is Tom's younger sister.
Mary is Tom's wife.
Mary is Tom's sister.
Mary is Tom's sister-in-law.
Mary is Tom's secretary.
Mary is Tom's older sister.
Mary is Tom's mother.
Mary is Tom's mother-in-law.
Mary is Tom's grandmother.
Mary is Tom's granddaughter.
Mary is Tom's ex-wife.
Mary is Tom's daughter.
Mary is Tom's cousin.
Mary is Tom's aunt.
Mary is the kind of woman I like.
Mary is really great. She cooked a wonderful meal for me and even washed the dishes herself.
Mary is one of the prettiest women in Boston.
Mary is one of the most beautiful women I've ever met.
Mary is cooking stew and Tom is making a salad.
Mary is blackmailing Tom.
Mary is a single mom.
Mary helped Tom.
Mary has been looking for a guy like Tom.
Mary dreamed that one day she would meet a prince and they would get married.
Mary doesn't make pie crust. She usually buys it pre-made.
Mary changes her nail color almost every day.
Mary baked three dozen cookies for Tom's party.
Mary asked Tom to zip up her dress.
Mary asked Tom to carry her suitcase.
Mary announced her engagement to Tom.
Mary advised Tom to save a little money each month.
Luckily Tom didn't see Mary.
Let me tell you how Tom and Mary met.
Just this morning, Tom repaid Mary the money he owed her.
It wasn't until long after they got married that Tom found out that Mary was wanted for murder.
It was during the rainy season three years ago that Tom first met Mary.
It smells like Tom is wearing the same perfume that Mary is.
It seems that Tom had planned to give Mary the loan she had been looking for.
It might sound crazy, but I think I'm still in love with Mary.
It may seem like a crazy idea, but I think we should go visit Tom and Mary right now.
It doesn't make much sense to me that Tom would be allowed to go, but Mary wouldn't be.
If Mary slapped Tom, I'm sure he deserved it.
If I remember correctly, Tom sold his car to Mary for just dollars.
If I remember correctly, that's the song Tom sang at Mary's wedding.
I've made up my mind to ask Mary to marry me.
I'm pretty sure Tom really loved Mary.
I'm more afraid of Tom than I am of Mary.
I wonder if Tom has ever told Mary about what we did on that day.
I wonder if Tom ever took Mary up on her offer.
I wonder if Tom ever regrets leaving Mary.
I wonder if Tom can sing as well as Mary.
I wonder if Mary realizes how poor Tom really is.
I wonder if I should just pretend to appreciate the dinner that Mary made for us.
I was raised by Tom and Mary.
I was never involved with Mary.
I was just wondering if Tom could possibly be in love with Mary.
I wanted to ask Tom how much he paid for his new house, but Mary told me that would be impolite.
I think Tom is hiding something from Mary.
I think Tom doesn't have the courage to oppose Mary.
I think Tom and Mary are too young to get married.
I think Mary is too young to wear makeup.
I think Mary is too young to have her ears pierced.
I think it's unlikely that Tom will marry Mary.
I saw Tom kiss Mary.
I saw Tom hit Mary.
I saw Tom give Mary something in a small box.
I saw Tom give Mary a peck on the cheek.
I met Tom before I graduated from high school, but didn't meet Mary until many years later.
I like the way Mary looks.
I knew something bad would happen if Tom and Mary went hiking together.
I hope Mary knows how much I care about her.
I have told Tom over and over again not to make fun of Mary.
I have already told Tom that Mary isn't here.
I doubt that Tom would ever go out with Mary.
I doubt that Tom would ever consider asking Mary to marry him.
I doubt that Tom knew that Mary was already married.
I bet Tom would be glad if Mary didn't come tonight.
I asked Tom to do the same thing that Mary was doing.
I always thought Tom and Mary were a good couple.
I always thought that Tom and Mary would eventually get married.
How often does Tom see Mary?
How do you think Tom is going to propose to Mary?
How did Tom and Mary get to know each other?
Frankly, I didn't have the confidence to ask Mary to have lunch with me.
Even though Tom begged Mary not to go, she left with the children and went to live with her mother.
Even though it's against company policy, Tom and Mary kiss and hug every time they meet.
Don't tell Tom that Mary isn't planning on helping his mother.
Does Tom work for Mary?
Does Tom often go drinking with Mary?
Does Tom like Mary?
Do you think Mary is too fat to be a cheerleader?
Didn't Tom go to Mary's house?
Did Tom tell you about what he and Mary did last weekend?
Both Tom and Mary were born in Boston.
Both Tom and Mary plan to study music in Boston.
Both Tom and Mary didn't know how to send a fax.
Before Tom met Mary, he never seemed to be happy.
Before Tom met Mary, he drank heavily.
Before Mary got married, she was much thinner.
Before Mary got married, she was a dancer.
As Tom and Mary approached the station, they saw their train pull out.
As soon as Tom got Mary alone, he told her the bad news.
As soon as Tom got Mary alone, he started kissing her.
After Tom passed away, Mary went back to her parents' home.
After slapping Tom's right cheek, Mary stomped on his left foot.
After slapping Tom, Mary ran out of the room.
After kissing Mary, Tom left for work.
After killing Tom, Mary escaped through the window.
After killing Tom, Mary buried him in a shallow grave.
After hugging Tom, Mary picked up her suitcase and left.
According to Tom's will, Mary will inherit his entire estate.
Tom reminds me of John.
Tom and John went to the bar last night to pick up some girls.
Tom, Mary and John shared the cost of the party.
Tom was unable to talk Mary out of marrying John.
Tom was Mary's boyfriend before she met John.
Tom wants Mary to meet John.
Tom urged Mary to tell John the truth.
Tom tried to stop Mary from talking to John.
Tom tried to persuade Mary to go to John's party.
Tom tried to get Mary to help John.
Tom tried not to listen to Mary and John discussing their financial situation.
Tom told Mary that he had seen John in January.
Tom told Mary that he believed what John said.
Tom told Mary to talk to John.
Tom told Mary not to wait for John.
Tom told Mary not to swim with John.
Tom told Mary about John.
Tom thinks Mary should apologize to John.
Tom thinks Mary should apologize to John for not doing what she said she'd do.
Tom showed Mary John's picture.
Tom showed Mary a picture of John.
Tom saw Mary driving John's new car.
Tom remembered that Mary and John had tried to kill him.
Tom must be aware that Mary is John's girlfriend.
Tom knows both Mary and John.
Tom introduced Mary to John.
Tom heard that Mary and John had split up.
Tom heard Mary talk about John.
Tom has arranged for Mary to meet John on Wednesday.
Tom has a message for John from Mary.
Tom forgot to tell Mary that John had called.
Tom doesn't like the way John looks at Mary.
Tom doesn't know why Mary and John are fighting.
Tom disliked both Mary and John.
Tom didn't know when Mary met John.
Tom didn't blame Mary for hitting John.
Tom convinced Mary that John was innocent.
Tom asked Mary where John was.
Tom asked Mary where John lived.
Tom asked Mary to help John with his homework assignment.
Tom asked Mary to drive John to the airport.
Tom asked Mary to deliver a message to John.
Tom asked Mary if she'd go to John's art exhibit.
Tom asked Mary if she knew John's wife.
Tom asked Mary if she knew John's new telephone number.
Tom asked Mary if she knew John's address.
Tom asked Mary if she knew John.
Tom asked Mary about John.
Tom and Mary were about to sit down for dinner when John knocked on the door.
Tom and Mary named their baby John.
Tom and Mary attempted to murder John.
Tom always thought that John and Mary were such a nice couple.
Tom advised Mary not to borrow too much money from John.
Tom advised Mary not to believe everything John says.
At that time, Tom was sitting between Mary and John.
At 2:a.m. he finally found the solution.
He said, "I'm trying too much, but I don't achieve any success."
The government doesn't notice people. They do whatever they want.
A merciless slaughter was committed in Srebrenica in 1995.
The Turkish war of independence against European imperialist powers lasted from to 1923.
Ottoman Turks conquered Egypt in 1517.
The Soviet Union dissolved in 1991.
What should I do until o'clock?!
You didn't need to hurry. You got here too early anyway.
You needn't have hurried. You've arrived too early.
She took her secrets to the grave.
I've made peace with my maker. I'm ready to die.
If you're missing the forest for the trees then you're failing to see the big picture.
He's bulked up quite a bit since he's been going to the gym.
He's much more into her than she is into him.
A professional thief can jimmy a car door in no time.
One way of committing suicide is by taking a swan dive off a tall building.
The job comes with a lot of fringe benefits.
Just do what you've got to do.
I wonder when they'll come out with a cell phone in a wrist watch.
If you want to be free, destroy your television set.
Could you turn the music down?
The pike is not yet struck.
There's only rubbish on the radio.
It's difficult to live in this city.
I lied unwillingly.
I like the Occitan language.
I know what he did.
I just knew you would say that.
Is this your notebook?
I have no choice but to do that.
I'm looking for my eyeglasses.
We see.
The train came on time.
I want to go to the city.
CouchSurfing is like speaking Esperanto, it's a dream coming true: the global village.
The hens ran away, dumbasses had left the door open to them.
Tell her that I love her.
Popes are soft targets, they don't issue fatwas but only bulls.
He is going to New York next week.
Grabbing him by the shoulders, she shook him and yelled, "Snap out of it!"
Once upon a time, there was a chicken with a crispbread.
I like it when you talk dirty to me!
On request, we will send you the programme for a token fee of plus shipping.
I wish leprechauns could do my work.
I hope nobody minds my being straggly and unkempt at five in the morning.
I like the color blue.
Iranians used to eat their main meal with yoghurt.
In ethnic Iranian foods, you can see many products which are made of milk.
The tree stopped growing.
Lake Van is the largest lake in Turkey.
Either be as you seem or seem as you are.
Zulfiqar was the famous sword of Hazret-i Ali, fourth caliph of Islam.
I like ice-cream very much.
I don't want to celebrate my birthday.
You've got a vivid imagination!
The highest entropy state is the most likely state of the system.
Let us complicate things further.
English is usually taught in France from the junior high school.
This new state could in principle be any microscopic state.
Cats are social animals.
He departed for Australia.
Masaru wishes to join the English Club.
You'd better not speak.
He stayed at the hotel.
It turned out that we received a million dollars.
I write a letter.
I will have to tell him the truth tomorrow.
Come if you can!
He came at o'clock in the afternoon.
I looked for a place to crash.
You spilled your coffee.
They replaced the broken television with a new one.
You need to go to bed again.
The clouds dispersed themselves.
Tomorrow morning, we will regroup at o'clock. Don't be late.
Dreams can make me crazy.
Where are the shoes?
My only distraction is the game Go.
I don't know if there's time.
Her theory is based on facts.
Leave the door open.
The whole class took the test.
He thinks only about himself.
He's got a white cat.
Give me a little.
Never fuck with a fucker!
My older sister got engaged.
I didn't see anything.
The Internet has expanded the range of my sex life; it's a bit like I upgraded to ballistic missiles.
I don't know how much those two bikes cost.
I haven't talked to you in a while.
Social networks enable men to revive their instinct of pack hunters, like hyena.
Write down your name with a pencil, please.
Please give me some coffee.
Please give me a coffee.
Please give me a cup of coffee.
All dreams are lies.
What's his most recent novel?
He'll be in London about this time tomorrow.
He's just like his grandfather.
He blames his failure on bad luck.
Which do you like better, white wine or red wine?
Which do you prefer, white wine or red wine?
May I open a can?
Is it OK if I open a can?
I didn't use to like wine, but now I like it a lot.
Please tell me how to get to the beach.
I'd like to go to France sometime.
That's right. He's Anthony.
Kinshasa is the capital of Democratic Republic of the Congo.
That would be wicked!
Perfection is achieved, not when there is nothing more to add, but when there is nothing left to take away.
Joy, beautiful spark of the gods, daughter of Elysium, we approach fire-drunk, heavenly One, your shrine.
Sand is hot.
She studies French, but I study Flemish.
If, between pride and love, one chooses pride, can it then have been love?
How can I solve this problem?
I can't find the hand net.
Karthik is a boy. He is a good boy.
Contemporary Persian poems havent been known in west world as well as ancient ones.
Although many European researchers have studied ancient Persian literature in the nineteenth century, the new world is not paying attention to our contemporary literature.
The great contemporary poet who established a new style of poem was Nima Youshij.
What the fuck is wrong with you?
I'm a cheese connoisseur.
He's had a liberal upbringing.
The Italian paid for his coffee in Germany with Greek euro coins.
Your name has been dropped from the list.
Your name was deleted from the list.
Adding comments makes the code easier to read.
Sea otters love to eat clams while swimming on their backs.
Can you do me a solid?
The world is a dangerous place.
Can you loan me a pen?
In Esperanto, nouns end in "o". The plural is formed by adding a "j".
Please don't make noise.
It's the living image of your grandfather.
That toy is made out of wood.
I was with him in January.
Do you know a good way to memorize new vocabulary?
Everyone thinks the same way.
I'd like another beer.
I'm allergic to aspirin, penicillin, and sulfamides.
This initiative strives to promote writing in Occitan.
It likes strange animals, like snakes.
You don't know how to screw in a lightbulb?
He likes strange animals, like snakes.
She likes strange animals, like snakes.
Between sobs, that lost girl said her name.
There's almost no water left in the pond.
They left their house quickly.
My heart is pounding.
After dinner, I take a walk on the beach.
Your argument is not based in reality.
Your argument is not based in fact.
The field is full of wild flowers.
He lost his father when he was three years old.
She lost her father when she was three years old.
He sat on the bank.
She sat on the bank.
I think Tom is charming.
I couldn't go to your birthday party.
I couldn't come to your birthday party.
I was very tired today.
We're going to begin with lesson ten.
The conference will take place in Tokyo.
They missed a lot.
You missed a lot.
The bus has a ten-minute delay.
The bus has a delay of ten minutes.
The bus is running ten minutes late.
He's your regular workaholic.
She's your regular workaholic.
He's a regular workaholic.
She's a regular workaholic.
He's your typical workaholic.
She's your typical workaholic.
What are you going to do now?
What are you going to make now?
Come in!
Enter!
He gets to work by bus?
He takes the bus to work?
Are you sure that Midori plays the violin well?
We're worried about your health.
It's incredible!
Bradley was an English astronomer.
She suffers from a chronic illness.
She has some relation to that group.
Do you want to go on a picnic with me?
It's possible that he came here when he was young.
It's possible that he came here when he was a boy.
He's really a good guy.
I went to the reunion.
It's not necessary to put him in the hospital.
He won her love.
He earned her love.
He had already spent two hours lecturing when she came in.
They live on the floor above.
He was infuriated with what she said.
He was infuriated by what she said.
He earns over dollars a month with that job.
He earns over dollars a month from that job.
He earns over dollars a month at that job.
Many men left for the West in search of gold.
Many men set out for the West in search of gold.
In another time, there were poor farmers in that village.
There were once poor farmers in that village.
I am a Berliner.
All you need is love.
Love is all you need.
Why aren't you listening to me?
If a brain can do it, a computer can do it.
I like your dress so much I wish there was an 'I like' button I could press.
Barman, I need a drink.
I exercise for two hours every day.
She has a very good voice.
Do you need an envelope?
Are you all listening to me?
I plan to go to her cocktail party.
My very educated mother just served us nine pizzas.
She gave me a kiss suddenly.
I had to run all the step hill alone.
There's too much sport on TV.
The Korean contributions this year for the national economy were very opportunes.
I want to eat a mango.
A red wine, please.
My very educated mother just showed us nine planets.
It's nothing personal.
A Turkish soft G and a Spanish H eloped and had lots of completely silent children together.
After hearing the sad news, she broke down in tears.
Do you want money?
The Tatoeba Project, which can be found online at tatoeba.org, is working on creating a large database of example sentences translated into many languages.
Does anybody know how the fire started?
I think I'll take a look around.
If you know what's good for you, you'll quit doing that.
Maybe we can make a deal.
The police uncovered a major drug operation.
There was an old clunker parked just behind my new sports car.
What can I do for you?
You're welcome to stay with us as long as you want.
Google harder!
It took Tom fifteen minutes of googling before he found what he was looking for.
Believe it or not, I can actually draw.
Slanderous, defamatory, obscene, indecent, lewd, pornographic, violent, abusive, insulting, threatening and harassing comments are not tolerated.
We're sorry we weren't able to help you.
He earns three times as much as I do.
Our ancestors arrived in this country years ago.
One for all and all for one.
The massacre in Norway and the recent rebellion and the booty in England, are dreadful in consideration of the circumstances that the world drifted into.
The rebellion in England is frightening.
As far as I remember, he didn't say that.
Red wine, please.
Adding comments makes it easier to read the code.
Adding comments makes reading the code easier.
When she was three years old, her father died.
Her father died when she was three.
When you travel overseas, you usually need a passport.
A passport is usually necessary when you travel overseas.
He suggested to me that we go to the beach.
I can't stay long. I have plans.
I like my job just fine.
I'm just doing my job.
Try to stay out of trouble.
The children chanted, "Rain, rain go away. Come again another day."
What does your job entail?
We need a plan.
The store was relatively empty.
Considering what time it was, the supermarket was relatively empty.
Tomorrow's my day off.
If you need a ride, I could come and get you.
Have you reported the theft to the police?
Have you reported that your father is missing?
I'm all out of ideas.
That's a pretty good idea.
That makes perfect sense to me.
That's a ridiculous idea.
That's not funny.
Do you have a better idea?
Let's give it a try.
Two men wearing ski masks entered the bank.
And why not?
The man asked me who I was, but I didn't think I had to answer.
During the day, we work, and at night, we rest.
I don't like to travel in large groups.
I don't like to travel with large groups.
I helped my mother even though I was busy.
Marco is shorter than Mario.
If you want war, you'll get war.
My mother gets along with my aunt.
This milk is germ-free.
We made a lot of progress today.
Aha! You went, right?
These days, kids no longer play in the street.
We're gonna grab a drink!
If you change your mind, let me know.
Is it OK if I turn the TV down?
Would you like big bills or small bills?
Please, where's the closest travel agency?
Dreams are not always fulfilled.
Congratulations on your victory!
Congratulations on your win!
More and more people have a computer in their home.
This radio is no bigger than a matchbook.
You'll have to ask somebody else.
If you change your mind, let us know.
He hasn't written them a letter in a long time.
He hasn't written you a letter in a long time.
He hasn't said a word.
She hasn't said a word.
We all like to ride bikes.
Which house do you live in?
Your wife has seen the need to look for work.
I study English for two hours in the middle of the day.
I'm talking on the phone with Thomas.
Vacations are good for people who get bored during the year.
Vacations are good for people who get tired during the year.
He took his bike to the store.
He went to the store on his bike.
She went to the store on her bike.
She took her bike to the store.
Why don't you like the way you speak?
Tom can speak neither French nor Spanish.
Let's go to a concert together.
Won't you go to the concert with me?
He's got a broad Scouse accent.
School breaks up in June.
He still hasn't been to France; he really wants to go next year.
It's not bad, you don't have to cry.
I'm sorry for the late response.
I'm sure that this is a fresh water fish.
Is there anyone who speaks English?
Resist resistance!
"Don't call?" "No no, call of course!"
I didn't find the book in the library, so I decided to buy it. Unfortunately it was too expensive. However I found it on the Internet.
I apologize for the late reply.
I'm sorry I didn't answer sooner.
I apologize for not replying right away.
Are you in immediate danger?
The concert was a big disappointment.
The concert wasn't very good.
The party wasn't much fun.
The party was a big disappointment.
I need to use your phone to call the police.
I need to use your phone to call an ambulance.
I have lots of work to do tomorrow.
I need something to wet my whistle.
Whoever shuts up when he notices he's wrong is wise.
Whoever shuts up, even though he is right, is married.
Women can keep a secret when they don't know it is one.
One has to check this sentence.
Who am I? Where do I come from? Is there life after death? What is the meaning of life on earth?
I always wanted to make an around the world trip.
The police found no sign of forced entry.
My TV broke, so I had to take it to get it repaired.
I have something that belongs to you. Why don't you come over and pick it up?
So what's your problem?
After cleaning the dishes, I rinse them.
With the way my luck has be running, it'll probably rain tomorrow.
When Tom opened the door, he saw Mary standing there with a six-pack and a pizza.
When the weather was nice, Tom always left his windows open.
What's Tom like?
What's the matter with Tom?
What Tom really wanted to eat was chocolate pudding.
What Tom really wanted to do was stay at home and watch TV.
What makes you think that Tom will listen to me?
What kind of software does Tom usually use?
What kind of music does Tom like?
What kind of movies does Tom like?
What kind of house does Tom live in?
What kind of food does Tom like?
What had happened wasn't Tom's fault.
What do you think Tom's chances of getting into Harvard are?
"What a nice surprise," Tom said as he opened the door and saw Mary standing there.
Unfortunately, Tom let the cat out of the bag.
Tom's question caught Mary completely off-guard.
Tom's muscles were tired and he wanted to get home and soak in a hot bath for a while.
Tom's grades have been slipping, so he really needs to hit the books.
Tom's camera was just where he'd left it.
Tom's been working for minimum wage.
Tom's been out of work for half a year.
Tom worked on the report for the better part of the day.
Tom wondered why Mary wouldn't French kiss him.
Tom wondered if Mary would think that eight in the morning was too early for him to open a bottle of wine.
Tom wondered if he had enough money to pay the bill.
Tom wished he had a decent job.
Tom went out on a limb to help Mary and she didn't even thank him.
Tom went into the room and slammed the door behind him.
Tom wasn't smiling when he entered the room.
Tom wasn't in the mood to accept Mary's apology.
Tom wasn't feeling particularly talkative.
Tom was wondering how he was supposed to get around without a car.
Tom was thoroughly depressed.
Tom was tempted to tell Mary the truth.
Tom was tempted to go, but at the last moment he decided not to.
Tom was taking a snooze.
Tom was reasonably certain that Mary had stolen his grandfather's gold watch.
Tom was killed in an automobile accident.
Tom was hard up for money and said he would take any job he was offered.
Tom was gunned down on the sidewalk in front of his house.
Tom was getting tired of hearing Mary bragging about winning the race.
Tom was fed up with waiting for Mary.
Tom was exactly twelve minutes late.
Tom was angry with himself for being late.
Tom was afraid that they'd lock him up and throw away the key.
Tom was afraid that the police might want to arrest him.
Tom was afraid that Mary might poke her eye out, so he told her to be careful.
Tom warned Mary to stay away from his house.
Tom wanted to know everything about Mary.
Tom wanted to help Mary, but he didn't know where to begin.
Tom wanted to go, but he had lots of things to do.
Tom wanted to get as far away from Mary as he could.
Tom wanted desperately to believe what Mary said was true.
Tom waited for what seemed like a long time.
Tom usually says "Pardon my French" whenever he swears.
Tom understood exactly what Mary meant.
Tom tried the door, but it was locked.
Tom took the old dog out behind the barn and shot it.
Tom took the gun from Mary before she could kill herself.
Tom took his coat out of the hall closet and put it on.
Tom told the police that he had seen nothing suspicious.
Tom told Mary to be careful.
Tom told Mary everything she needed to know.
Tom thought that Mary would make a good bounty hunter.
Tom thought of the many ways he could kill Mary.
Tom thought it would be a good idea if Mary got a gun.
Tom thinks that Mary is being unnecessarily cautious.
Tom thinks that Mary drinks like a fish.
Tom talked to Mary's neighbors and asked them if they knew where she'd gone.
Tom stripped off his dirty clothes and threw them into the washing machine.
Tom stepped into the elevator and pushed the button for the third floor.
Tom started the coffee brewing, then checked his email.
Tom started a fight with Mary.
Tom sprang out of bed, threw on some clothes, ate breakfast and was out of the door within ten minutes.
Tom spent the better part of the day writing an article for a local magazine.
Tom sneaked out the back door.
Tom slipped on the ice and fell down.
Tom slipped on ice and broke his hip last winter.
Tom slipped into the classroom unnoticed.
Tom slept like a log last night.
Tom shoved his sunglasses to the top of his head.
Tom seems to have packed everything but the kitchen sink.
Tom seemed genuinely surprised when I told him that Mary had left town.
Tom scarfed down the ham sandwich that Mary had made for him.
Tom sat on the stump loading his gun.
Tom said that he was too tired to do anything else.
Tom rolled out of bed at 6:30, shuffled into the kitchen and put two slices of bread into the toaster.
Tom recognized the old man, but didn't know his name.
Tom pulled a piece of paper out of his pocket.
Tom pulled a flashlight out of his jacket pocket.
Tom pretended to not hear a thing.
Tom poured some milk into a glass and handed it to Mary.
Tom poured Mary a cup of coffee and topped off his own.
Tom politely pretended not to notice that Mary had been crying.
Tom picked up the stamp and took a closer look.
Tom parked as close to Mary's apartment building as he could.
Tom opted for early retirement.
Tom opened the door before Mary had a chance to knock.
Tom never tells off-color jokes.
Tom needed to decide whether he would continue working in Boston.
Tom made himself a peanut butter and jelly sandwich.
Tom lugged his suitcase up the stairs.
Tom looked like he was somewhere in his late thirties.
Tom looked like he hadn't shaved in a week.
Tom looked like he always looks.
Tom lives in Boston with his parents.
Tom knows his way around Boston.
Tom kicked the door in.
Tom just loves pineapple upside-down cake.
Tom isn't much of a drinker.
Tom is in the garage changing his oil.
Tom is good at finding good bargains.
Tom is caught between a rock and a hard place.
Tom is between jobs right now.
Tom is a suspect in a homicide investigation.
Tom helped Mary set the table.
Tom hates backseat drivers.
Tom hasn't written a letter in a long time.
Tom hasn't seen Mary more than five or six time in the past twelve years.
Tom hasn't said a word all morning.
Tom hasn't gone swimming in a long time.
Tom hasn't cleaned his gun in a long time.
Tom hasn't been to the supermarket in a long time.
Tom has some nosy neighbors.
Tom has lost a lot of blood and the doctors are worried.
Tom has grown old and can't cut the mustard anymore.
Tom has bitten off more than he can chew.
Tom has been under a lot of strain recently.
Tom has been running around the office like a chicken with its head cut off.
Tom has been living alone for a long time.
Tom has been avoiding Mary.
Tom has been accused of shooting an unarmed man.
Tom has a long history of getting into trouble.
Tom has a chip on his shoulder.
Tom has a cast iron stomach. He can eat just about anything.
Tom had to pay a fine for jaywalking.
Tom had the annoying habit of hardly ever answering email messages.
Tom had some unfinished business to attend to.
Tom had put off telling Mary the bad news for as long as possible.
Tom had planned to catch up on some work over the weekend.
Tom had no way of knowing when Mary would arrive.
Tom had no intention on waiting until Mary got back.
Tom had no intention of ever seeing Mary again.
Tom had never been in that part of Boston before.
Tom had meat loaf and mashed potatoes for dinner.
Tom had enough money to buy a few groceries.
Tom had been standing in the rain for what seemed like hours.
Tom had been released from the hospital, but he was still recovering from the gunshot wound.
Tom had been Mary's best friend for as long as she could remember.
Tom had an eagle tattooed on his right arm.
Tom had a week's worth of beard on his face.
Tom had a perfectly good reason for leaving early.
Tom had a new scar on his forehead since the last time Mary had seen him.
Tom had a good reason for not being there.
Tom got up on the wrong side of the bed and has been grouchy all day.
Tom got two beers out of the refrigerator and handed one to Mary.
Tom got to his feet and walked over to the window.
Tom gave Mary a hug and a kiss on the cheek.
Tom found that he actually liked working for Mary.
Tom found out that his phone had been tapped.
Tom found out that his phone had been bugged.
Tom found Mary lying unconscious on the kitchen floor.
Tom found it fairly easy to follow Mary without being seen.
Tom forgot to take his medication this morning.
Tom flopped onto his bed and was soon fast asleep.
Tom figured that Mary would like to know the news.
Tom figured it would take him a full day to finish painting the garage.
Tom felt completely helpless.
Tom dropped Mary off in front of John's.
Tom dropped by Mary's home every day for lunch.
Tom drives Mary up the wall.
Tom drew a happy face on the cover of his notebook.
Tom double-checked his door to make sure it was locked.
Tom doesn't seem to be playing with a full deck.
Tom doesn't like working the graveyard shift.
Tom doesn't like it when this kind of stuff happens.
Tom doesn't know much about sailing, does he?
Tom doesn't know much about guns.
Tom doesn't know how to have a good time.
Tom doesn't know a whole lot about racing.
Tom doesn't exactly have an airtight alibi.
Tom doesn't always play by the rules.
Tom didn't want to see Mary in prison for a crime she didn't commit.
Tom didn't shoot anybody.
Tom didn't seem terribly interested in learning French.
Tom didn't seem inclined to elaborate and I didn't really want to know all the details anyway.
Tom didn't have the guts to shoot Mary.
Tom didn't feel like waiting.
Tom didn't feel comfortable driving Mary's new car.
Tom didn't believe it for a second.
Tom dialed Mary's number and got a busy signal.
Tom decided to take matters into his own hands.
Tom decided to mosey on over to Mary's place.
Tom crawled into bed just before midnight.
Tom couldn't imagine himself shooting anyone.
Tom climbed up the stairs to his apartment.
Tom claimed that he didn't know his beach house was being used for illegal activities.
Tom chewed Mary out for staying out all night long.
Tom checked his rearview mirror before pulling out into traffic.
Tom blamed himself for Mary's death.
Tom bends over backwards to make Mary happy.
Tom awoke at daybreak.
Tom arrived at 2:and Mary arrived a short time later.
Tom and Mary were married in a small church not too far from here.
Tom and Mary were in the middle of a heated argument when John walked into the room.
Tom and Mary have been happily married for thirteen years.
Tom always worried about getting locked out of his own apartment.
Tom always dreamed of becoming a bounty hunter.
Tom almost never gets scared.
Tom agreed to meet Mary in front of the laundromat.
There's a small possibility that Tom will be arrested.
The police treated Tom like a common criminal.
The police thought the victim was Tom, but they were unable to identify the body.
The police spent hours searching Tom's place, but they couldn't find the murder weapon.
The police didn't book Tom for murder.
My gut feeling is that Tom won't show up tomorrow.
Let's cut Tom some slack.
It was well after midnight when Tom got home.
It was still early in the day when Tom arrived at the campground.
It was difficult to tell if Tom was in his room.
It was close to 2:by the time Tom reached Mary's house.
It was almost noon by the time Tom woke up.
It took Tom a long time to get over Mary's death.
It seemed unlikely that Tom wouldn't come to Mary's birthday party.
It occurred to me while I was waiting for Tom that maybe I shouldn't have invited Mary.
In the heat of the moment, Tom slapped Mary.
If you really need a job, why don't you consider working for Tom?
If anybody could convince Tom, it would be Mary.
I've got better things to do than to keep track of what Tom's doing.
I wonder where the ice cream is. Do you think Tom could've eaten it all?
I tried to stop Tom from hurting Mary.
I think Tom is going to try to kill Mary.
I think Tom is beating around the bush.
I think Tom has been barking up the wrong tree.
I thanked Tom for his time.
I remember Tom telling me about the time he and Mary had climbed Mt. Fuji.
I find it hard to believe that Tom was involved in the kidnapping.
I don't suppose you'd consider helping Tom.
I don't suppose you know anything about Tom, do you?
I don't see Tom often.
I don't see Tom much.
I don't see Tom a whole lot.
I couldn't think of any reason why Tom would be late.
Has Tom ever been married?
From the time he was a small boy, Tom knew that he wanted to be a policeman.
For the lack of something better to do, Tom started cleaning his room.
For the lack of something better to do, Tom decided to take a long walk.
For as long as Tom could remember, his parents had been overweight.
Does Tom have more than one girlfriend?
Does Tom have a key to Mary's apartment?
Does Tom have a girlfriend?
Do you know anything about Tom?
Do you know any of Tom's friends?
As Tom and Mary spent time together, they began to get to know each other better.
After all day in the sun, Tom had a sunburned nose.
A house divided against itself cannot stand.
A leopard can't change his spots.
Drastic times call for drastic measures.
If it's not one thing, it's another.
It takes two to tango.
Never bite the hand that feeds you.
The bigger they are, the harder they fall.
Variety is the spice of life.
You can't judge a book by its cover.
You can't take it with you.
Today, I saw a woman in pink crocs and I believe that that is the best contraceptive I have ever seen.
If you can't beat them, join them.
If it ain't broke, don't fix it.
If it isn't broken, don't fix it.
We need a place to stay for the night.
She is in conflict with her father.
You shouldn't spend the whole day in front of the box!
She absolutely trounces me whenever we play Scrabble.
In my village, there is a small, narrow footbridge over a brook.
Give me an apple.
Help! I'm drowning!
The horsepower of a car matters not, with a donkey in control.
I'll do what I can to help you.
That explains why the door is open.
You're like a communist in the summertime. You've got no class.
You ain't seen nothing yet.
It ain't over till it's over.
Two out of three ain't bad.
It ain't over till the fat lady sings.
I like TATOEBA very much!
This kind of blouse is beginning to look a bit old-fashioned.
My parents persuaded me not to travel alone.
Jews fled the Spanish Inquisition and took shelter in the Ottoman Empire in the fifteenth century.
Never in a lifetime!
You mustn't change your horse when crossing a river.
You can't change your horse when crossing a river.
He knows every trick in the book.
Bloody hell!
She reads the newspaper every morning.
Many students have part-time jobs.
Many students work in part-time jobs.
Watch your step or you'll get into trouble.
I like Occitan.
I'll be sitting here while he's singing.
You'll never too careful crossing a street.
We've flown for about three hours.
Stop it!
Hello. May I talk to Mr Johnson, please?
We started at the same time.
We wrote many books about China.
Do I have to use ink?
Do I have to write with ink?
I spent dollars on it.
It cost me dollars.
Do not watch television.
Please pass me that butter.
She seem to be getting fatter.
I don't care what he says. I will never believe him again.
My grandfather was murdered during the Second World War.
I don't have time to talk with you anymore.
You have not changed at all.
Send this message to as many people as you can.
The battery is flat.
I wish I had solar-powered car.
I'm going to sleep now.
He spent a lot of time in Iceland.
He lived in Iceland very long.
I cannot tell you how to pronounce this word.
We got used to late-hour work.
Iran's and North Korea nuclear capabilities worry the rest of the world.
This is a good deal.
This is a good bargain.
Would you show me to the nearest underground station, please?
Have you met Masao, my brother?
You don't have to wait till the end.
I'd like to clean up my house before parents come back.
Mary can cook anything without recipes.
That girl knows German and English.
No unauthorised personnel.
He was going to clean up his room.
This is our primary target.
I asked him to make four copies of the letter.
She stood in the middle of the room.
Time turns hair gray.
Earth is not the centre of the world.
It's my book.
Any milk or sugar?
This milk tastes odd.
I didn't go to school last Monday.
A ball-pen became a universal handwriting tool, replacing fountain pen.
We live close to the school.
We live in the vicinity of the school.
Tom's efforts have been rewarded.
We don't like rain.
In aftermath of the accident he lost his sight.
I was in China last year.
Homicide is punishable by death.
Who taught you to dance?
"I have to see him." "Why?"
What were you doing that moment?
Perhaps you are right.
Life's not easy.
He has a life sentence.
He said he was a friend, but it cut no ice with me.
That gave me a rough idea.
I don't see why I need to do this.
I don't understand why this has to be done.
The police were hoping that Tom could shed some light on the incident.
Tom's car was parked in front of the convenience store.
If we don't receive Tom's reply within the next three days, I think we should write him again.
Tom got out in front of the library and waited while Mary went to park the car.
Tom's house is only three blocks away from here.
Tom circled the block looking for a place to park.
I think Tom will come, but it's hard to say for sure.
Tom is a bit strapped for money.
When Tom stopped for a stop sign, his engine stalled.
You aren't really going to vote for Tom, are you?
You aren't really going to kill Tom, are you?
You aren't really going to join the army, are you?
You aren't really going to go to Boston in Tom's car, are you?
You aren't really going to go camping with Tom, are you?
You aren't really going to get rid of your classic car, are you?
You aren't really going to drive Tom's car, are you?
You aren't really going to buy Tom's old tractor, are you?
You aren't really going to argue with Tom, are you?
There is an error in this sentence.
There is a mistake in this sentence.
This sentence contains an error.
He became ever more famous as a critic.
There is little hope that he will recover.
The increase in amateur stealing on the part of middle-class youth indicates a break-down in the morality of the affluent.
Why don't you hang around a while after everyone else leaves so we can talk?
What did you want to see me about?
What did you want to talk to me about?
Tom's mother told him that he should ask Mary over for dinner.
Tom's lawyer didn't think that the jury would think that Mary was a reliable witness.
Tom's first instinct was to run away.
Tom was as drunk as a skunk the last time I saw him.
Tom told Mary that he wouldn't be doing anything dangerous.
Tom thought that there was a good chance that it was Mary who had stolen the painting.
Tom had no idea that Mary was a serial killer.
Tom had decided at an early age that he wanted to become a botanist.
The police found Tom lying on the floor with a bullet hole in the middle of his forehead.
It was almost 2:when Tom finally got home.
There are people who translate and there are people who call each other names.
I explained the rules to her.
Who did you give the book to?
Who will you vote for for president?
Does Mary live next door to the bus driver who John worked with?
Does Mary live next door to the bus driver that worked with John?
Does Mary live next door to the bus driver that John worked with?
Who does the bell toll for?
Who discovered the island?
I don't buy that.
Who was this window broken by?
Who was this poem written by?
Who was this picture painted by?
Who did you talk to?
Who did you talk with?
Who did you speak with?
This is the man I've been waiting for.
You ran as fast as you could.
He's very nice, which is why I like working with him.
The Japanese government doesn't know how to handle the problem.
She couldn't have said that.
I used to play tennis after school.
My son is in high school now.
Can I stay at your house? I don't have a place to go.
I translated, I translate, I will translate, I would translate... but only if I make money.
I don't have secrets with you.
I give my blood for this job.
God, listen to me!
The mother kissed the child.
Don't talk about work, we're on vacation.
Tom can speak English like a native.
He works at this company from Monday to Sunday.
She works at this company from Monday to Sunday.
He moved to Italy when he was ten years old and he's lived there ever since.
Close the damn door!
Close the damned door!
Close the fucking door!
At what age did you have your first girlfriend?
How old were you when you had your first girlfriend?
How are you not sleeping?
The problem with online newspapers is that you can't make paper mach out of them.
I'm not a Nazi!
I think it's time I moved to a smaller apartment.
I'm going there now.
You can stay only if you are quiet.
A tuft of hair showed from underneath her cap.
Has anyone of you been to Hawaii?
I have good reason to ban him from using the computer.
They left very early in the morning.
You should not take advantage of others' weakness.
Nowadays, a woman who is an auto mechanic is "cool", while a man hairdresser is automatically titled as "gay" by many.
The woman precisely knows that she doesn't know what she wants.
Do you go often?
If so, what should we do?
Why do I have to do it?
Did you hear that what's-his-face crashed his motorcycle?
Can you pass me that thingamajig?
Ah, crap. I dropped my doohickey into the sink.
I forgot my whatchamacallit in the taxi.
I can't remember where this little doodad goes.
She has a nice ass.
What do you call that contraption?
Some people describe Tom as a cross between Robin Hood and Zorro.
That new gizmo that you want is over at the store now.
This woman definitely knows that she doesn't know what she wants.
104-is the number at which I can be reached.
I think I'd like to marry her.
Mr. Smith spoke so quickly that I couldn't understand what he was saying.
I can sing this song without looking at the lyrics.
Mr. Smith spoke so quickly that I couldn't catch what he said.
I'd like to kiss you.
Could I get one of those small damp towels for wiping my hands?
She lost her money, her family and her friends.
Don't blame the messenger.
He hired some new workers.
I learned German for three years in school and two years in university.
Libyan rebels have advanced into two strategic towns controlling access to the capital from the west and the south.
Can I touch your boobs?
You borrow books.
You borrow a book.
A poor workman blames his tools.
A cat may look at a king.
A coward dies a thousand times before his death. The valiant never taste of death but once.
A creaking door hangs longest.
A creaking gate hangs long.
Advice when most needed is least heeded.
A fox smells its own lair first.
A fox smells its own stink first.
People work to live, instead of living to work.
After dinner sit a while, after supper walk a mile.
A good man in an evil society seems the greatest villain of all.
A good surgeon has an eagle's eye, a lion's heart, and a lady's hand.
A guilty conscience needs no accuser.
He has great influence in his country.
A jack of all trades is master of none.
She drinks non-alcoholic beer almost every day because beer is her favorite drink, but she doesn't want to drink alcohol every day.
A lie can be halfway around the world before the truth gets its boots on.
A merry heart makes a long life.
A miss by an inch is a miss by a mile.
The little cat wants to sleep.
Is your gun loaded?
Tom thought it was a good idea to take advantage of the opportunity that Mary had given him.
Why did you decide to buy this house?
Tom checked to see if his gun was loaded.
We have to abide by the rules.
Tom checked to make sure his gun was loaded.
What's your schedule like today?
We always have to obey the rules.
The scenery at this mountain is very beautiful.
We always have to follow the rules.
Tom was trying hard not to laugh out loud.
One of us should talk to Tom.
Tom didn't want to spend any more time than necessary in Boston.
Just exactly what do you want me to do?
Just exactly what do you expect me to do?
What're you all dressed up for?
Why are you all dressed up?
I realized that I didn't want to spend any more time dealing with that problem.
I don't want to spend any more time than necessary cleaning the house.
I didn't want to spend any more time than necessary cooking for my family.
I didn't want to spend any more time working on that project.
I didn't want to spend any more time trying to convince Tom to study French.
I didn't want to spend any more time swimming laps.
I didn't want to spend any more time arguing with Tom.
I didn't want to spend any more time with Tom.
I didn't want to spend any more time looking for my keys.
I didn't want to spend any more time in jail.
I didn't want to spend any more time in Boston.
I didn't want to spend any more time in bed.
I didn't want to spend any more time cleaning the kitchen floor.
I didn't want to spend any more time alone.
I have absolutely nothing to do.
I think Tom and Mary are secretly married.
You get what you pay for.
I might be a few minutes late.
Stick it to the Man!
The Man is keeping me down.
Big Brother is watching you.
I spoke from the heart.
I'm sorry, without an I.D. you cannot receive a remittance.
You were just in the wrong place at the wrong time.
She doesn't have any enemies at all.
Land of liberty, land of the future, I salute you!
It snowed a lot.
We have a white cat.
I'm forty years old.
Are you just going to stand there like a lemon?
Great Britain has two military bases in Cyprus.
Variable names in C are case sensitive.
I think I'm really not any good at German.
I think my German isn't very good.
I can do that for her, unlike you.
I think my German is really bad.
She has 2,books.
Whether they are raw, or cooked and fried, tomatoes are always a tasty addition.
Fruit tends to rot right away.
I don't like the sun, I prefer the rain and dance under it.
I want to know where you are now.
Staying at home is boring.
She didn't want to drink alcoholic drinks every day. However, beer is her favorite drink, so she drinks non-alcoholic beer every day.
This rule can't be applied to every situation.
Meg is about the same height as Ken.
It's boring to stay at home.
On his way home, Tom met a man he thought was an American.
Tom is the one I want to meet.
It's Tom I want to meet.
That house with the red roof is Tom's house.
Tom asked his father if he could go to a movie.
Tom said he was sick, but that was a lie.
Tom was tired and in a bad mood.
Tom got married to an older woman.
Since Tom is an honest person, I like him.
Tom is an honest person, so I like him.
Since Tom is honest, I like him.
Tom is honest, so I like him.
Tom is an honest boy, so he wouldn't tell a lie.
Tom is an honest boy, so he doesn't lie.
Tom is an honest boy, so he doesn't tell lies.
Tom showed me around the park.
Tom would never break a promise.
Tom is a person who would never break a promise.
Tom was scolded by his boss getting to work late.
Tom was scolded by his boss for showing up late for work.
Tom got a little pie.
Tom got a little bit of pie.
Tom got some pie.
Tom got a small piece of pie.
Tighter livestock control is leading to excesses: three cattle were shot in Kuopio because of missing EU eartags.
I don't fancy that idea.
Give up that idea.
He has queer ideas.
Can I take a picture here?
This cat is brown.
I play trumpet in a symphonic wind orchestra.
I thought that book was difficult to read.
He has strange ideas.
Tom might have missed the train. He hasn't arrived yet.
It looks like Tom can't solve that problem.
Tom is the right boy for the job.
Tom can imitate that singer perfectly.
Tom wants that apple so much he can hardly stand it.
Tom is ten pounds heavier than Jack.
Tom bought a house with six rooms.
Most people are open books.
I wish I could become a bird.
That man ate bread.
Who do you plan to eat dinner with?
Who are you going to eat dinner with?
A dog bit her leg.
My uncle's job was teaching cooking.
Be careful what you wish for. You just might get it.
What I need to do now is get some sleep.
What you need to do next is fill out this application form.
What do I need to do now?
Would you like to stay for dinner?
I don't like this idea at all.
I guess we should go now.
I have no idea what I need to do now.
I don't want to shoot you, but I will if I have to.
Who will you give the book to?
A single incident can change your life.
It has been five years, but I still remember it.
In the heart of the city, there is an institution with a golden history.
She belongs to the new generation of rock.
The man who is driving the bus is my best friend.
We used to have a cat, but one day it disappeared.
He always sings while having a shower.
What would you do if you won the lottery?
They never go out in the evenings with their children.
I tried to call you yesterday evening. Were you out?
We are working for the overall development of the state.
A lot of work has been done, more needs to be done.
It's clear that he doesn't want to talk to me.
My parents have gone out.
It's time to plan ahead.
The city is gaining popularity as a major tourist destination.
Though it's a complicated problem, but I shall try my best to solve it.
He was looking a bit nervous yesterday.
We should learn to be disciplined in our lives.
I want you to leave right now.
He dislocated his collarbone while playing.
My car collided wih a motorbike.
I have to pick him up from the station.
I saw him coming out of the hotel.
Now I realise why she was angry with me.
He might have been sleeping at that time.
What shall I do with the knife?
We are just about the same age.
Would you like to live in Mumbai?
I thought it was Monday today.
Don't worry, everyone makes mistakes.
I thought you were dead.
Well, it's getting late. Let's go now.
Do you think English is difficult?
He seems absorbed in his work.
You need to become more active.
It seems strange.
You need to become more aggressive.
The condition looks favourable.
Your bag looks heavy.
He died after a long illness.
I am looking for accommodation.
I am leaving for Paris tomorrow.
I have been asked about this.
Many will die.
A half-doctor kills you and a half-religious scholar kills your belief.
Islam emerged in the Arabian Peninsula in the seventh century.
That's a horse of a different color.
You must have dropped a bundle for that wedding ring!
If you're busy now, I can come back later.
It's not fair!
When do I get started?
You can count me out.
What happened belongs to the past.
I'd love to help you out, but I'm terribly busy.
I haven't seen you since high school.
Please sit here.
He always sings while taking a shower.
He always sings in the shower.
The man driving the bus is a good friend of mine.
I have to buy a new carpet for this room.
Jim isn't a lawyer, but a doctor.
Jim's not a lawyer. He's a doctor.
What an interesting book!
Suddenly, my mother started singing.
I'm a little bit hungry.
I'm slightly hungry.
I'm a bit hungry.
I'm a little hungry.
You'd better hurry.
This isn't money.
My friend's father is a famous novelist.
After a bit of googling, I suspect that what you said may not be true.
Tom sat in silence for minutes.
Tom sat silently for minutes.
Tom has a house with two rooms.
Tom owns a house with two rooms.
Tom has a two-room house.
Tom is sick in bed.
Tom noticed a drunk lying in the street.
My wife is trying to sleep.
Everyone but Tom was there.
Everybody but Tom was present.
Everyone except Tom was present.
With the exception of Tom, everyone attended.
In my opinion, a well-designed website shouldn't require horizontal scrolling.
My daughter had a concussion.
Have you ever been horseback riding?
May I take pictures here?
A good workman always takes care of his tools.
The house that Tom built is really nice.
The house Tom built is wonderful.
The peacock (Inachis io) is a beautiful and easily recognizable butterfly.
He is trustworthy.
He did it for money.
Fried food does not agree with me.
I am four years younger than him.
She was having a hard time swimming.
Fizzy water isn't very popular in America.
We have to go to sleep now.
One of the biggest problems in our modern society is that the people don't see the world as I do.
He could deduct the furnishing of his work room from his taxes.
I have two English books.
I've already been here two hours.
He was playing the piano and she was singing.
The furnishing of his work room was tax deductible.
He could write off his work room's furnishing from his taxes.
"Thanks." "You're welcome."
I stopped so I could smoke a cigarette.
Let's take a short rest here. My legs are tired and I can't walk any more.
I'll try my best today, too.
Today I just feel like staying at home and doing nothing.
Tom intends to live in Boston for more than a year.
Where are you going to vacation this summer?
He received a golden watch as a prize.
He's buying an old hat.
The Miller tried yet other ways to get rid of Johnny, but try as he might, Johnny couldn't be outsmarted.
I like living here.
Bill is a complete muppet.
In fact, I should thank you for this.
Albert Einstein once said: "Esperanto is the best solution for the idea of an international language."
I don't mind walking.
I get the feeling you're trying to tell me something.
It's about time for us to have another party.
It's about time somebody did something about the high cost of medical care.
It's about time somebody did something about this broken door.
It's essential that you understand the situation.
Have you decided whether or not you're going to sell your house?
Don't worry about it. It's not your problem.
I haven't been to Paris yet.
He's just arrived.
Promise me you'll be good.
Promise me you won't stay out all night.
That road is too narrow for a car to drive on.
It's not only Tom that has to study. I have to study, too.
Tom isn't the only one who has to study. I have to study as well.
Not only Tom has to study, but I have to study, too.
I didn't borrow money only from Tom, but also from his wife.
I not only borrowed money from Tom, but also from his wife.
What's the point of showing up on time if everyone else shows up late?
Let's eat now. I'm starving.
"How are you doing?" "I'm doing okay."
"How are you doing?" "Not bad."
I'm sorry I didn't get a chance to talk with you yesterday.
If there's anything we can do to help, please don't hesitate to let us know.
Winter is coming.
In the Quran there is a part about Saint Mary and the birth of Jesus Christ.
That guitar is too expensive for me to buy.
A cat is not a person.
I put cream in my coffee.
Winter is coming soon.
My mother doesn't like the summer heat.
Careful!
Don't bother Tom while he's reading.
Can you imagine Tom working in a garage?
Can you see Tom working in a garage?
I heard that Tom got married to a rich woman.
Tom, what do you want for supper?
It's totally dark outside.
Tom is better at chess than I am.
The chromosomes in our cells contain the whole of our genetic material.
It's dark outside.
It's pitch black outside.
Forty people attended.
Forty people were present.
We couldn't figure out what they were trying to say.
Chinese language works much better than English in this market.
How do the Vietnamese feel about Americans?
He has a superiority complex.
Today, I want to run on the beach.
He denied it immediately.
Summer begins early in my country.
She begged him to stay with her, but he left home as quickly as he could.
He always exaggerates his own abilities and others often believe him.
I will set up my alarm oclock in case I arrive at work late in the morning.
All of her songs became hits.
The man left the restaurant without paying his bill.
The man left the restaurant without paying.
The hungry boys ate everything on the table.
My cooking had almost burnt by the time I came to the kitchen.
Tom mounted his horse and rode off.
She didn't come here to defend herself against these accusations.
She's not here for the purpose of defending herself against these accusations.
I wonder who the people I saw her with were.
He likes taking walks.
He must like taking walks.
There's no doubt that he likes taking walks.
He's really into soccer.
These brain teasers are maddening. I can't figure out any of them!
The newspaper boy delivers newspapers no matter what the weather is like.
The tea is very tasty.
The house I'm living in isn't very large.
You're in Europe!
This tea is good.
We've got two Billy shelves from IKEA.
Supposedly, one in ten Europeans are conceived in an IKEA bed.
I can't imagine that.
Where is the school?
You can meet me somewhere sometime or something.
My professor sneers at science books for the general public.
The ship ran aground.
Let's take the Intercity-Express.
We have to rent a room to hold the party in.
We have to rent a room for our party.
We need to rent a room for our party.
How many eggs were you able to get yesterday?
Julian wears round glasses like John Lennon's.
We're moving house next month.
He isn't able to buy a car.
He can't buy a car.
Except for the weather, it was a fun picnic.
Except for the weather, it was a great picnic.
Why does it take them so long to set up my internet connection?
He kept himself aloof.
He wanted to see how the land lay.
He made as if he were going.
Your friend is a namby-pamby.
I'm pretty confident that she understood the problem, but I'm unsure whether she can solve it.
I'm going to the cinema.
That would be to defeat the object.
He kept pace with her.
He did not have any qualm of conscience.
He boiled over with rage.
He was given the sack.
To come down to brass tacks, you owe me something.
I undertake to do that.
He gave vent to his feelings.
He followed in her wake.
He worked hard, year in, year out.
I plan to go to the movies.
The most common first name in the world is Mohammed.
If you visit Tom now, he'll probably be watching TV.
This morning Tom said his sister was still sick in bed.
He convinced his daughter to not marry Tom.
He convinced his daughter not to marry Tom.
He talked his daughter out of marrying Tom.
She decided to marry Tom.
She decided to get married to Tom.
The courtier was enjoying great royal favor.
I plan to contact Tom by phone tomorrow and ask him to help us.
I plan to get a hold of Tom by phone tomorrow and ask him to help.
I plan to telephone Tom tomorrow and ask him to help.
I intend to phone Tom tomorrow and ask him to help.
I'm going to call Tom tomorrow and ask him to help.
My parents didn't allow me to see Tom again.
My parents prohibited me from seeing Tom again.
The cost of living in Tokyo is very high.
When are you in Munich?
She has never had a bad experience.
You can't be a woman.
I hope you enjoyed your last days in Berlin!
Are you back home now?
He was too curious.
Iridium is one of the rarest elements.
My laptop battery doesn't last as long as it used to.
The quick brown fox did not jump over the lazy dog.
The quick brown fox didn't jump over the lazy dog.
The quick brown fox may as well go fuck the lazy dog.
I was sitting while smoking a pipe.
The road is damaged.
Collective rules are not set straightaway but progressively win recognition.
Remember "Wacky Races"? Watch the US primary, it's its spitting image!
With the new project, I might have a very busy week.
Methinks he is not godly enough.
Knowledge feeds me.
Could you pass me the pepper, please?
I'll either write to you or phone you next week.
What's the square root of 100?
I have contacts in the White House.
Is there anything between you?
"Do you want a drink?" "No, thanks. I'm driving."
I love cats.
The pilot will land the plane.
At the time of the accident, almost all of the passengers on the bus were sleeping.
If he doesn't come, what will you do then?
If he doesn't come, what'll you do?
Breakfast is the most important meal of the day.
How difficult is it to find a job?
He definitely believes in you if he still gives you an opportunity.
Nobody can believe in you more than yourself.
What should a healthy breakfast consist of?
A sunny weekend is perfect for a mountain getaway.
His behaviour is sometimes weird.
Among the five of us, she, without a doubt, speaks the most languages.
We had a really good time.
Tom seems very happy.
I wish I had married her.
My brother is a teacher.
Why do you always do that to me?
The dog is bleeding.
It's only a matter of time before we find the thief.
It's the first time I've ever written a letter in Spanish.
A lot of people think Buenos Aires is located in Brazil.
I can touch the sky with you.
We know you're the thief.
She's from Somalia.
The French word "amour" comes from the Occitan language through the troubadours, otherwise it would be "ameur".
A female troubadour is usually called a trobairitz.
Let's quickly finish the remaining work and go out for some drinks.
Let's wrap up this work now and go out drinking.
What should I do to stop hiccups?
What should I do to stop hiccoughs?
Could you help me wash the dishes?
I was getting ready to go out. At that time, the telephone rang.
He entered the hall of fame.
Thank you for all your contributions. We expect to see you again soon.
They kicked him out of the disco without any explanation.
In my opinion, you're wrong.
She is about as tall as me.
There are usually taxis in front of the train station.
It's nine-thirty.
I found it!
If I had known, I would not have come.
The prime minister fell into the Danube and drowned.
I think this is the beginning of a beautiful friendship.
Can you repair my shoes?
This dish is tasty.
Wild!
She went to the hospital by taxi.
He always reports all of the money.
She is what one would call a cultured woman.
I love to watch baseball and football.
There is a lot of work to do.
My brother is ambidextrous.
Remember Lockerbie!
Where do you spend your weekends?
His statements are childish and they often bother me.
I am used to going to bed very late.
You have to adapt to circumstances.
Don't try the patience of God!
Defeated revolutions are forgotten quickly.
Hold on firmly to the handrail.
They have nothing to eat.
Glorify the ocean, but stay on the ground.
He had an accident and fractured his leg.
May a hundred flowers bloom!
Revolutions that don't succeed are soon forgotten.
Don't try God's patience.
I'm used to staying up late.
As I'm not good at swimming, I avoid swimming out of my depth.
Many people prefer to cook with butter instead of oil.
Thank you for everything you've done for Canada.
I looked, but I didn't see anything.
Music is his passion.
Music is her passion.
Music is your passion.
I'm so tired that I'm going to bed as soon as I get home.
I'm drinking a beer right now.
This is my favorite track on the entire disc.
Why can't we all get along?
What kind of English is that?
I will be the cook tonight.
Men believe that discussing problems is a waste of time.
You killed my father.
Since I'm not so good at swimming, I avoid swimming in water that's over my head.
You seem busy.
The gold rush began here.
He doesn't have much money.
Could you say that again?
Only one store carries this book.
He cut the apple in half.
How fascinating!
A person like that would have no trouble getting elected president.
I realize I messed up.
For understandable reasons, they have been rejected.
A child is not a mature person.
You remind me of someone.
There's a draught in here.
Am I in your way?
Are you her pimp?
You killed my mother.
I can feel the scent of resedas.
We started to get on each other's nerves.
Creationism is bullshit.
Can we go to a different venue?
He enjoys a good social life.
His work is repetitive.
He has to deal with complaints.
He travels long distances by plane.
The foreigner speaks Japanese as if it were his native language.
I hate my mother-in-law.
My wife is Polish.
I know a person who speaks Russian very well.
He showed me his new car.
He has a black shirt.
I've put my mobile on silent.
As soon as she saw me, she burst out crying.
As soon as she saw me, she started to cry.
I don't understand your question.
If you were a spy trying to pass as a native speaker and said it that way, you'd likely get caught.
I awoke this morning feeling very ill.
The drum is the lord of music.
I have relatives in Los Angeles.
I have family in Los Angeles.
Hello Mr Magpie! How's your wife?
No smoke without fire.
He answers to the description in the newspaper.
You're a racist.
This is my mom.
Those who use the most idiomatic expressions are most often the ones who say the fewest original things.
He fits the description in the newspaper.
North Koreas reclusive leader visits Russia for talks on energy.
The sumptuous residence of a government official was pillaged.
In bad weather, one can easily catch a cold.
The suffix "um" doesn't have a definite meaning, and, for that reason, one must learn the (very few) words with "um" as simple words. For example: plenumi, kolumo, manumo.
He gave me money, but I gave it back to him immediately.
I don't give a toss that you are tired.
The police have been after him for a long time.
Blue movies are rated X, which means that only people of and over can watch them.
Tom was always jealous of his younger brother because he knew Jack was their mother's blue-eyed boy.
The choice of place for holiday turned out to be a real bone of contention in their family this year.
He's such a cold fish.
You can never see any emotions on his face.
I think I am overworked.
I need a day off.
Without family and friends, it's a dog's life.
We're grateful for your help although it's just a a drop in the ocean of our needs.
I'm considering taking a gap year to develop myself and increase my self-confidence.
I want to get a little something for Ben and visit him in the hospital.
Michael is a man of few words, but when he speaks, people listen.
What Jack told me about you is a pack of lies. I don't believe him.
Climbing that mountain was a piece of cake.
There is a ray of hope for humanity afterall.
I like her, but sometimes her sharp tongue irritates me so much.
It was just a shot in the dark.
I don't know what the correct answer is.
Do you want also the bucket?
It was a real slap in the face when she didn't answer my phone calls.
Can't you move faster?
Hurry up, please!
Forget about your wives!
Go and get me some drinks, the shop is just a stone's throw from here.
This project turned out to be a tough nut to crack.
It's a vicious circle.
He thinks he is a failure so he drinks.
He has friends from many different walks of life.
Speaking in public is my Achilles heel; I'm simply too shy.
She loves books too.
I hope karma bites you in the ass!
I just love to read the agony column in teenage magazines.
Their problems are sometimes so weird.
Most of the hotels are open all year round.
The weather was terrible when we arrived in France, but after two days it changed completely and we had a wonderful holiday.
My father is an early bird; he gets up at 5:every day.
As a matter of fact, I love him very much.
I had better take my Walkman.
Although I came back late from the party last night, I was as fresh as a daisy in the morning.
I was as sick as a dog after eating a hamburger from a fast food restaurant yesterday.
We must win at all costs.
My poor grandmother is very ill now and I'm afraid she's at death's door.
At first sight he seems to be a very competent person.
The burglar didn't have any plan - he just entered the shop and grabbed things at random.
I'm so sorry I ask you for help at such short notice, but I didn't realize this project would be so demanding.
We have to set off at the crack of dawn tomorrow.
I think everyone gets a bit lonely at times.
With her stories from her childhood, she can be a real wet blanket.
There is no doubt he is to win this race - he is at his best now!
Don't worry about that - that rule is no longer in force in our office.
The leaves are yellow!
I am still in two minds about buying this car.
It's second-hand.
That party was a disaster!
You are on the air!
They are extremely popular among teenagers.
I am sorry, but this telephone is out of order.
They dream of the day when they'll be rolling in money.
I think Mark's under the illusion that he will be the new director.
I really like this book but I guess it is worlds apart from what the real situation is.
Stop beating about the bush and tell me what the problem is!
She took my bicycle before my eyes; she didn't even ask me for it!
I only asked if I could borrow the book.
There's no need to bite my head off!
Sheila is so desperate in her search for a husband - she's decided to have a blind date!
The movie was so funny that finally even Susan burst out laughing.
By all means this guy should work for us - he is the best specialist I have ever seen!
These pictures are being shown by courtesy of CNN.
My mother works as an English teacher, but she's an economist by profession.
Why don't we call it a day and go home?
I simply need to chew it over.
I can't give you the answer today.
I wanted to ask Mary out but I chickened out at the last moment.
He gets on my nerves!
Never throw away your notes - they may come in handy one day.
If you understand this one, then the others are nearly the same.
I want you to sing.
I've met that girl before.
He doesn't like to wait until the last moment to do something.
Come and visit us in Paris sometime soon.
He can compress the most words into the smallest ideas of any man I ever met.
I completely trust your abilities.
Where are the apples?
He's fit for the loony bin.
What a cock-up!
Please show me on the map.
I look up to my family.
I wish there were more people like you.
Birds and beasts like tragic sounds, their ears are identical with the human ones.
I wish my dreams would come true one day.
It doesn't bother me that Tom is going to be there with his new girlfriend.
I will be at the party tonight come what may.
I don't feel sorry for her.
They're only crocodile tears.
We cannot afford it.
Be realistic!
Don't ask her any questions about her marriage.
Remember, curiosity killed the cat.
He's been working all day and night; he must be dog tired.
I know it's easier said than done but in my opinion you should challenge it.
Well, every cloud has a silver lining.
It's high time we made a decision!
We need peace and stability first and foremost - these are the most important things.
She always seemed rather serious so it was nice to see her laugh for a change.
They put salt in his tea just for a laugh but he didn't find it funny.
I'm not going to ask Tom that question.
Jane has gone to France for good.
She's not coming back.
I always read detective stories from cover to cover; they're so exciting!
The dog was covered in mud from head to foot.
I learned Spanish from scratch at university.
I would like to thank you from the bottom of my heart for all your help.
Come on, get a move on!
I don't want to be late.
I can't stand your behaviour any more.
Turn that music down!
It's getting on my nerves.
Could you just get straight to the point?
Tom left Mary and John alone together.
Mike's not very talkative, but to give him his due, you can always count on him.
I'll give you a ring in the evening.
There must be some sort of give-and-take.
This program was very popular so the information that it went off the air caused a wave of protest.
Power and success went to his head - he no longer comes to our parties.
I can't bear to see good food going to waste.
The most famous gold rush was the California Gold Rush that began in 1848.
This tea is too bitter.
Do you have any plans for tomorrow?
I would really like to help you, but my hands are tied.
Hands off those chocolates!
They are mine!
I can't stand her any longer!
She has to have a finger in every pie!
He had a narrow escape when he slipped on the stairs.
Jerry doesn't bother about other people and only has an eye on the main chance.
It wasn't my fault.
You know this old lady that lives on second floor?
Do you know this song?
I've had it on my brain all day.
Even monkeys fall from trees.
If you want high quality you have to pay for it.
She heaved a sigh of relief when she heard the good news.
Let's play hide-and-seek!
We've searched high and low for this book.
Now I know I should have stayed in that job, but hindsight is always 20-- I couldn't have known it when I was leaving.
Nothing to add!
You get tired of a beautiful woman after three days. You get used to an ugly woman after three days.
Many politicians are believed to accept hush money.
That guy's name is Ben - if my memory serves me correctly.
I don't really like him, in a nutshell, I think he is an idiot.
It was very cold and it snowed for three days in a row.
She wasn't able to explain this situation to me.
In a word, she is guilty.
This agreement is invalid, unless you bring it in black and white.
If you buy in bulk, it's 20% cheaper.
He killed the girl in cold blood just to get the money.
He isn't very persevering; he only works in fits and starts.
The information is provided in good faith, however we accept no responsibility for the accuracy of the information.
Tom didn't take the map with him, so after several hours of going in circles we ended up in the middle of nowhere.
Oh, I can't put on my red skirt because it's in the wash.
His plans always sound great in theory but they don't work in practice.
How can you say that our soldiers died in vain?
Amy, you should marry him!
It goes without saying.
Who was to win this match was a foregone conclusion.
This movie is a must!
If you really want to speak to me, it's now or never.
We still have plenty of time, but let's take a taxi just in case.
Toby can't tell jokes.
Can you understand the meaning of this paragraph?
Can you understand the meaning of this sentence?
What does this sentence mean?
He's a newcomer.
You have very piercing eyes.
It was pitch-black.
You're off your trolley!
Does this make any sense?
Does this make sense?
Does this sentence make sense?
Does what Tom said make sense?
Does this sentence sound like something a native speaker would say?
How would you reword this sentence to make it sound more natural?
It's a matter of either-or.
My bags are packed.
It's not an either-or situation.
It's not an either/or matter.
My heart is green and yellow.
Where's the nearest bus stop?
Where's the closest bus stop?
Tom said, "You can kiss your girlfriend goodbye if you don't kiss her goodbye," which meant, "If you don't kiss your girlfriend goodbye, then you'll never see her again."
I haven't heard anything from him since then. I wonder what he's up to.
I haven't heard anything from him since then. I wonder what in the world he's doing.
I ironed the handkerchief.
It's only when I can't sleep at night that the ticking of the clock bothers me.
Where do I get on the number bus?
Where can I catch the number bus?
I sleep naked.
I'm a shutterbug.
No U-turn!
Even though there was a no U-turn sign, I made a U-turn.
I was lucky that the policeman didn't give me a ticket for making a U-turn at an intersection that had a no U-turn sign.
He stood leaning against the fence.
His family adored him and in a sense he was spoiled by them.
It seems like the cat smelled a mouse.
It seems like the cat caught the scent of a mouse.
If the phone rings again, I plan to ignore it.
Are you being serious?
Someone is knocking on the door.
I haven't decided yet whether I'll go to college or get a job.
My plan covers unlimited calls to landlines, but not mobiles.
The Japanese are fortunate to live on islands with hot springs.
We'd like you to sing a song.
We'd like you to sing some songs.
St. Mary is the symbol of chastity and innocence in Islam.
The hurricane has already caused havoc in the Caribbean.
A Transitional Council official told the press that he expects oil production to reach 1.million barrels per day within a year.
Perhaps we will see each other again tonight.
Who left this mess in the toilet?
Since it's raining, it would be better if you stayed at home.
It's raining, so you should stay at home.
There's hardly any coffee left in the pot.
There's almost no coffee left in the pot.
Why didn't you call me last night?
All Tom wants to do is swim.
All Tom has to do tomorrow is go to school.
Philology and medicine were named by Nietzsche to be "the two great opponents of all superstition".
"Someone farted." "It wasn't me!"
There's a bat on the ceiling in my office!
I have the best mom in the world!
The top menu of your web browser or application may read: "File, Edit, View, Favorites, History, Bookmarks, Tools, Help."
As long as you're talking to me, it's fine, but as soon as you stop, I get hungry.
Muiriel's mind is in the gutter.
Do you know him that much?
Here, everybody feels respected and appreciated.
Even the court enjoys an occasional roll in the gutter.
I haven't washed my hair.
The American news is reporting that Hurricane Irene is as big as Europe, which is a bit of an exaggeration.
She just had to use her Puss-In-Boots look and I was her devoted servant.
I feel abandoned by the only woman I love.
This sure tastes good!
I like the way this tastes.
This tastes good.
This tastes pretty good to me.
I think this tastes good.
I think this is delicious.
How would you feel if your wife left you?
My father has never gotten sick in his life.
Is death the only way out?
Do you know Tom well?
How well do you know Tom?
I'm not quite sure.
Jupiter is a planet principally composed of hydrogen and helium.
My father has never been sick in his life.
Are you awake?
We have left nothing out of our book.
I think it's strange that no one is on the street this time of the day.
While I'm at the dance, my mother will take care of the baby.
She was beautiful when she was young.
I started a new blog. I'll do my best to keep it going.
I started a new blog. I'll do my best not to be one of those people who blogs a lot right at the start and then quits blogging.
You should read the kind of books that will be useful to you later in life.
You should read the kind of books that contain the kind of information that will be useful to you later in life.
"Who sees variety and not the unity wanders on from death to death", state the Upanishads.
He made reference to the previous director.
Shove off! I'm busy!
This song makes me think of when I was young.
I often have bad dreams.
Please turn in the report by the end of the month.
What time does the train for Milan leave?
Cyber activists want to meet with the Supreme Leader.
UK is the abbreviation for the United Kingdom.
J. J. Thomson was an English scientist.
I seek my own truth.
Before you die you see the ring!
Goodnight!
She is HIV-infected.
It could possibly become a big problem.
Do you speak Latin?
Every liberation bears within itself the danger of a new kind of servitude.
May I ask you a favour?
He talks like he's already read the book.
I made tea last night.
That way I'll have time to talk to you afterwards.
He encountered unexpected obstacles.
The troubles of others are our own.
It will be fine.
With this telescope, you can see stars and you can see dreams.
He finds this kind of opinion unpleasant.
Oh! Today is my day.
Go on!
I have never heard her song.
I'm sure she will become a great singer.
I informed her of his arrival.
Old people in supermarkets piss me off.
News of her death caused great concern throughout the country.
The Lisbon treaty envisions a citizens' initiative.
Public transport is only quicker than private transport in urban areas.
The political centre has increasingly lost direction.
Today, everything went awry from the start.
If I hadn't seen the way they kissed, I'd have thought they couldn't stand each other.
Strength through unity.
United we stand.
What do you want from me? Are you out to get me or what?
I'll be back by six.
His voice brings to mind the sound of the motorway.
Her voice evokes the noise of the freeway.
How dare you speak of love, you who never knew Lola?
Good things for your children are better than good things for yourself.
I didn't say it like that.
Could you give me a ball-park figure?
Failure is the mother of success.
Two opinions are better than one.
I like elephant ears best.
I'm at the library.
I find funnel cake a bit too sweet.
Bring your student ID!
This looks kind of cute.
If he wins he will gain self-confidence.
Why does everybody love cats?
What is wrong with you people?
How could this be?
Believe it or not.
Nothing is more paralyzing than the fear of changes.
I agree with his idea.
Does globalisation mean the disappearance of local sluts?
The size of the universe is unimaginable.
O - the gem is in the lotus - h
Yesterday I washed my hair. Today I'll cut it.
Like it or not, you must do it.
Do you want dry cleaning or regular wash?
Tom has never dated a girl whose name ends with an "s."
This is how time is all wasted.
My name is Sascha.
She has a ring worth more than she can imagine.
I can't agree with you.
Tremble, you sentences!
In addition to Chinese, my aunt can speak English.
My aunt can speak both Chinese and English.
She advised him not to go out by himself at night.
I don't have a lot of money.
I don't have a lot of money on me.
I don't have a lot of money, but I get along somehow.
The only thing that the teacher was really caring about was his students.
The only thing that matters is to find a cheap car.
Bringing a cup of tea is the only thing I can do.
The only thing that matters isn't size.
The only thing that matters is that you are alive.
The only thing that matters is what you do today, yesterday is gone.
The only thing that matters is that you are safe.
The only thing that matters is that you weren't injured.
The only thing that matters is that we are all together.
The only thing that matters to Tom is how much money he makes.
The only thing that matters is whether or not you can do the job.
The only thing that matters is whether or not your teacher thinks your report is good enough.
The only thing that really matters is whether or not you are happy.
The only thing that really matters is whether or not you did your best.
Money isn't the only thing that matters.
Winning isn't the only thing that matters.
Love isn't the only thing that matters.
If the only thing that mattered was winning, then we'd be depressed.
The only thing that mattered to Tom was that we weren't impolite to his boss.
Does the mid-autumn festival fall on Monday this year?
Is this a Jewish or a Catholic Bible?
The Catholic Bible contains everything in the Protestant Bible plus several other books.
Is it correct to say that the Qur'an is the bible of the Muslims?
He read the entire Old Testament in one year.
I need medical assistance.
The Tanakh is the Jewish Bible.
Wild animals live in forests.
We are going to his house. Want to come with?
I'm waiting for my friend.
"We are in the middle of a war", said the President.
Do you suppose that he is attractive?
I can't speak Japanese.
I want to go on a holiday in Poland.
This site is quite useful.
Many Peruvians have the habit of chewing coca leaves.
That's a table.
She came to Japan as a child.
We need a clear definition for the concept of human rights.
Look at me when I talk to you, you coward!
I am a good boy.
Light blue is the color of the sky and, consequently, is also the color of the sea, lakes, and rivers.
Around nine o'clock I'll be on my way back again.
I'm in the rear car.
I'm in the caboose.
He was unsure how he would get there, and when.
It's thanks to his father that he owns this hotel.
I find myself in the last car.
My boots were so tight, and the path so steep, that I injured the toenails of both of my big toes.
He often adopts the behaviours and speech patterns that characterise the advantaged.
He often adopts the behaviors and speech patterns that characterize the advantaged.
I've been an alderman for five years.
Germany is in the middle of Europe.
I hit the snooze button and went back to sleep.
There was no answer to my question.
People used to live in villages.
They always wake up early, even on Sundays.
May I dance with you?
I'd like a pop.
I'd like a soda.
Who will foot the bill?
Our wheelie bin was stolen.
You've missed the boat.
We've missed the boat.
He's missed the boat.
She's missed the boat.
They've missed the boat.
Have you decided where we are having lunch?
I don't know where I should go.
Can you explain why you dislike him?
Adana is famous for its kebab and Hatay for its kanafeh.
Life is an illusion.
Don't talk to me anymore.
We've flattered the director's vanity.
Driving in the dark feels like flying!
Whenever I go to this store, they're selling freshly baked taiyaki cakes.
When he whispered something into her ear, she moved just as he said, as if she had been hypnotized.
Eat your soup before it gets cold.
Don't leave the TV on.
Everybody except Joe went to the party.
I have no appetite.
I have almost no appetite.
Is the mid-autumn festival on Monday this year?
Take the medicine.
This is the next one!
In Hong Kong there are two types of liquid food which are considered absolutely vital: Cantonese soup and congee. It is curious to note that however "thick and ingredient-filled" the soup is, it's always drunk and however "thin" the congee is, it's always eaten.
I have congee every morning.
In order to unveil the international language, each lexical item should be written separately.
Do not walk outside this area.
Don't make abrupt moves.
They say I'm retarded.
Once upon a time there was a chicken that had a crispbread.
Suffice to say, Edna gets no work done.
My liver is heavily damaged.
Nothing acts as a better antidote for romance than young men and women doing geometry together at eight o'clock every morning.
The man must work.
Man must work.
I've never seen anything like it.
Tom wondered how his ex-wife and her new husband were getting along.
Have you already eaten supper?
Have you eaten supper yet?
Daniel Gabriel Fahrenheit was born in in Danzig.
I don't get what the author means there.
In spite of the rain, this trip very much pleased me, on the whole.
Don't misunderestimate yourself.
I'll take a cup of tea.
I think we need a doggy bag.
We ordered too much food.
He stuck his head round the door.
Results from the Large Hadron Collider mean that supersymmetry theorists may have to come up with a new theory of sub-atomic physics.
Language builds the world.
There are rules to observe.
Can we catch the train?
Our train is delayed.
Dative spells the death of the genitive.
Her plan seems to be better than mine.
Following the docking failure of an unmanned Russian freighter to the International Space Station, its partners are considering a temporary mothballing of the station.
Dinosaurs became extinct a very long time ago.
Dinosaurs died out a very long time ago.
The friends of truth are those who seek it, not those who boast about having found it.
But what is it that I am? A thing that thinks. But what is a thing that thinks?
Love and flowers only last a single spring.
You can eat all you want.
When is the paper due?
I want to hold you.
Never believe him, he's a liar.
Have you ever loved someone who never loved you back?
What is the subjunctive of the verb "to be"?
According to a review of previous research, high levels of chocolate consumption can reduce the risk of coronary heart disease and stroke.
I'm beautiful in my way because God makes no mistakes.
This house is not very big.
Welcome to the Wild West.
I belong to those guys who find it enjoyable to be out of fashion.
Adopting a low calorie diet will increase your lifespan.
Around 29% of Okinawans live to be a 100.
We live in an obesigenic society.
Okinawans went from having the most healthy diet in Japan to the most unhealthy one.
Eating fast food is bad for your health.
Once upon a time, there was a cat whose name was Tango.
He was completely black and was therefore called Tango the Black Cat.
Tango lived with a small boy in a small village.
One day the small boy moved to another village with his family and brought Tango along with him.
Tango and the small boy were the only friend to each other because they knew no one else in the village.
The small boy slowly made some new friends.
Tango was, however, always bullied by other neighbors' cats, and would come home covered with wounds.
The small boy was Tango's only friend.
No one wanted to play with Tango except the little boy.
No one wanted to play with Tango except the little boy because Tango stinks.
We are out of danger.
Looking at that graphic, one can tell extremely easily that we are following an exponential growth.
We almost froze to death.
We came dangerously close to freezing to death.
How is your last name written?
Tom went out for a breath of fresh air.
Tom went out for some fresh air.
If you'd prefer a room closer to the Convention Center, please contact us.
If you'd prefer a room closer to the Convention Center, please let us know.
In the past, Iranians lived on bread, but today their main food is rice.
Tom put his arm around Mary.
Tom put his pistol under his pillow.
Tom put the engagement ring on Mary's finger.
Tom put another log on the fire.
Tom puts salt on just about everything he eats.
A frog in a well doesn't know the ocean.
Tom couldn't shake the feeling that he'd met Mary somewhere before.
Tom couldn't shake the feeling that Mary was hiding something from him.
Tom couldn't shake the feeling that someone was watching him.
Tom couldn't shake the feeling that something bad was going to happen.
Tom couldn't shake the feeling that something horrible was about to happen.
Tom couldn't shake the feeling that something profound was about to happen.
Tom couldn't shake the feeling that there was something wrong.
Last night, he asked if you were well.
It's very difficult to know yourself.
Any resemblance to real persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.
The city of Bonn just invented the "hookermeter", to tax prostitutes who cruise its sidewalks, and I just invented the word for that.
He lives according to the law of the Lord.
Call Ishmael.
Ishmael, come over here!
Really smart, that Sphinx!
Nati and I were watering the flowers, then she decided to water me!
Some men shave their legs.
Wine is the software of a meal. Meats and vegetables are but its hardware.
I'm too tired to drive.
I did my best.
Butterfly is a very nice word.
The sky is cloudy and it will rain.
His speech moved us.
May I put it here?
We should always obey laws.
Tom has money. However, he's not all that happy.
Would you lend me a pencil?
Could I borrow a pencil?
I easily found his office.
I had no trouble finding his office.
Many people in England would like to see the public subsidy of the monarchy abolished.
Please don't let the children play with knives.
Please don't allow the children to play with knives.
I'm addicted to chocolate and ice cream.
Sea turtles have a long lifespan.
Drunk driving is a serious problem.
Beaches in Hawaii are famous for their large waves.
I came here to see if there was something I could do to help, but there doesn't seem to be anything for me to do.
I wouldn't be too surprised if you saw a snake.
I wouldn't be too surprised if this song became a hit.
I wouldn't be too surprised if Tom didn't show up on time.
I wouldn't be too surprised if Tom didn't get a good TOEFL score.
For a moment, Tom was too surprised to speak.
Tom was too surprised to be scared.
Tom was too surprised to react.
I don't mind if it's a little cold.
I don't care if it's a bit cold.
I don't mind if it gets a little cold.
I don't mind the cold.
I don't mind the heat.
It doesn't bother me to walk in the rain.
I made this gratin using yesterday's leftovers. It tastes pretty good, doesn't it?
Tom showed Mary how to pop popcorn.
Tom likes the smell of popcorn popping.
Tom and Mary ate popcorn while watching the movie.
Tom grabbed a handful of popcorn out of the bag and then handed it to Mary.
Would you like some popcorn?
Tom likes popcorn with lots of butter.
It's probably healthier to eat popcorn than it is to eat potato chips.
After Tom had eaten all the popcorn in the bowl, he went back into the kitchen to pop some more.
This popcorn tastes stale. I wonder when it was popped.
Tom put the popcorn into the pan and waited for it to pop.
Tom wondered what made popcorn pop.
I half expected Tom to bring his own popcorn to the movie theater.
Tom tasted the popcorn and decided it wasn't salty enough, so he sprinkled on some more salt.
Would you like some more salt on your popcorn?
Have you ever eaten chocolate-covered popcorn?
Tom shared his bucket of popcorn with Mary.
Popcorn is very inexpensive when compared to many other snack foods. It's also usually healthier.
The invitation said that popcorn and soft drinks would be served.
What brand of popcorn do you think pops the best?
Tom thought it would be a good idea to start a website that sold nothing but popcorn.
Tom's partner thought that they should also sell gourmet popcorn seasonings.
The injaculation method allegedly enables men to have multiple orgasms.
The meaning of this letter is unclear.
My parents are aged.
I do not want to work.
It would be a pity if such a word disappeared.
The man has the capability to talk.
Can we trust his words if he uses non-official stems?
If you want to be credible, tell people only what they believe.
Even the correct use of participles doesn't guarantee you that you'll be understood.
If you tell people what they want to hear, they'll do what you want.
I borrowed Tom's phone this morning.
This is Edward.
I popped her cherry.
Why not love one's own wife? We even love others'.
It's somehow warm.
Tom knew well that in all the sentences, the last word would always be for Mary.
Tom was fucking Mary while translating this sentence on his Android device.
Mrs. Wood was very good at cooking.
I don't mind if it's hot.
He thinks that his success is due to luck.
Lightning hit that tower.
I don't mind if it's hot and spicy.
I don't mind if the weather is hot.
I couldn't find it anywhere.
I'll soon register for a course in German.
Let's face the reality!
Tom, stranded alone at the beginning of sentences, couldn't get used to the growing estrangement of Mary.
Tom, alone, bent over the left edge of the sentence, was hesitating to jump, to put an end to all this story.
By dint of pushing the words back to the beginning of the sentence, there only remained the two of them at the end: Mary, Tom.
"Tom! Do you realise that these sentences are very self-centred: They always either begin with or end with you! Even both!" she reproached Tom.
I'd like to finish the work on my own.
Tom, desperate, howled: "Mary! Where are you?" from the very left edge of the sentence. "I fear I'm from now on, fully at the opposite from you" drily retorted Mary.
Tom was quibbling about the sentences concerning him, while Mary was doing her best to translate them.
Money rules the world.
What is better than sentences to get acquainted?
"How dare you exile me at the end of this sentence?" asked Tom.
Mary, having exiled Tom, was promoted to the beginning of each sentence.
Tom! Mary!
The world without anime would be like a washing machine without Internet access.
You see the words that I typed on the screen, but you don't see the tears that I shed over the keyboard.
Tom is utterly obsessed with food. No wonder Mary dumped him!
He can't help you.
Tom was wondering what it was that dragged her so, towards the end of all sentences and thought: "Come to me, Mary!"
You learn English.
Frustrated at not being the exclusive object of her desires anymore, Tom demoted Mary.
Mary told Tom: "Let's begin with a short sentence, and then we'll see..."
It was through a first short sentence that Tom got acquainted to Mary.
Far from being but the object of their ambiguous relation, Mary was the subject of all Tom's attention.
Bert's bisexuality was troubling Tom and excited Mary.
Tom was initially surprised when Mary introduced Bert in their couple relationship.
With the Android version of Tatoeba, we'll be able to translate Flaubert while making love, opening the path to so far unexplored levels of pleasure.
I don't think he can help you.
This idiot of Tom should have guessed that the last word in this sentence would of course be for Mary.
It wasn't Tom's or Mary's first sentence.
Apart from making love and reading Flaubert, nothing is more enjoyable than coining translations on Tatoeba.
Gin is not my friend.
It's not my fault that I hate them all.
You gonna see me change.
It rained gently the whole day.
"Tom!" "Mary?" "Is it possible that we'll ever be closer than in this sentence?"
Tom had just one word to cut so that out of this sentence, forever, disappeared our Mary.
Tired of being the subject of accusations from Tom, Mary fled to France, whose language has no accusative case.
Our two heroes having deserted this sentence, their adventures seemed to be willing to end precisely with this word.
Tom, this lumber, sat at one end of this sentence, while, too light to counterbalance him, on the other side, sat Mary.
Tom and Mary then found themselves side by side at the start of this sentence and undertook to explore it.
Having reached the end of this first sentence, in which the voodoo priestess had summoned them, they saw others and wondered how they could get to them together, inseparable Tom and Mary.
Fate smiled upon me.
In order to cross from one sentence to the other, Tom was stretching out his arm. Mary clung firmly onto it and jumped over the dot, avoiding to fall into the space.
Esperanto is the most self-centered language in the world.
Even though he is 38, he still depends on his parents.
Even though she is 38, she still depends on her parents.
No language has more sentences on Tatoeba containing the name of the language than Esperanto.
Someone is definitely lying.
Someone is definitely telling a lie.
This is not something that anyone can do.
Luck plays an important part in life.
He thought of a great idea.
Many people in the world complain that they don't have time to read.
It's funny how Esperanto activists still engage in Volapk bashing even though Esperanto has leapfrogged Volapk to near-extinction over the course of a hundred years.
Despite years of missionary effort, the number of native Esperanto speakers is still low enough that each one can be known by name.
Bye, Sayoko!
Leave that there.
We are in need of some food.
He bought him a dog.
I think that he wants to succeed.
I don't have anything to say.
Chew your food thoroughly, then swallow.
Because of my job, I will be in Tokyo next week.
John can't speak French very well.
What happened? There's water in the whole apartment.
If you don't have anything to say, say nothing.
If you don't have anything to say, don't say anything.
"Are you ready?" "On the contrary, I have not even started yet."
They did not notice the small differences.
Can you recognise the person in this picture?
Do you recognise the person in this picture?
The girl speaks English very well.
Hungry puppy barks on the street.
Tom and Mary were on the verge of diving, off the left edge of the sentence, in the infinite corpus, when they spotted underneath a shoal of hungry contributors, teeth out, ready to jump on them and shred their mistakes down to the last one.
I don't like that he comes to my house so often.
A small snowball is capable of starting an avalanche.
When you come across unknown words, you have to look them up in the dictionary.
Here's a gold coin.
He sat next to me.
Precision in measurement is necessary.
Precision in measurement is important.
He had the courage to say it.
He was brave enough to say it.
My mother was crying.
I have no plans at all.
I have told him clearly that I'm not going shopping with him.
How do you write "pretty"?
"Have we met somewhere before?" asked the student.
What do you think, is he going to do it?
What do you think, is she going to do it?
Nothing is new under the sun.
The mountaineer was hungry as a wolf.
The mountaineer was as hungry as a wolf.
He took a deep breath before entering his boss's office.
Is it your fault or ours?
I have lived here for years.
I have been living here for years.
The lady did not give in to temptation.
This is the boy that helped me.
The mother was very scared because of the baby's cold.
It seems to me that you are honest.
The rule only applies to foreigners.
He found his master.
I drank too much wine, and became dizzy.
Good day! You are our new neighbor, if I am not mistaken?
Please print even pages only.
I would rather stay at home than go alone.
Nothing is as useful as a photocopier.
He introduced his fiancee.
You are sending me a Japanese doll, right?
The music has been mastered so loud for that album that even non-audiophiles have complained about it.
Easterly wind blows.
I will call my grandmother to see whether or not she needs anything.
I will look after this child.
I killed two birds with one stone.
Please, give me your address.
He is always scared.
She is always scared.
I lent him a book, but he has not yet given it back.
I lent him a book, but he has not given it back yet.
I missed you so much!
I missed you!
The dentist would like you not to eat any sweets.
The dentist does not want you to eat any sweets.
Are you done with your homework yet?
Have you done your homework yet?
There were all sorts of rumors circulating about him.
The author has a good style.
Are you going to school by bus?
How many guests did you invite?
She will be the first female Japanese astronaut.
Lightning struck his house.
I crossed the street.
I think keeping promises is important.
Allow me to go with you.
Only build a house on strong foundations.
Come, write your name down.
No one thinks, but everyone has their opinions.
Existence is reflected in knowledge.
The family members sat around the table.
We pray to God when there is a crisis - then forget God when it is over.
She poured her heart out.
One day, when the girl was at the spring, a poor lady approached her and asked her for a drink.
Please, be a bit more careful in the future.
It does not matter how you say it, I am not going to pay attention to you.
He is similar to your brother.
As long as you have lots of money, you have lots of friends.
That person asked me who I was, but I did not deem it necessary to answer him.
The cat ate the mouse.
The judge sentenced him to one year in prison.
The judge sentenced him to a year in prison.
Don't forget to close the door.
The youngsters were singing folk songs.
I gave the beggar all the money I had on me.
A child who has lost both his parents is called an orphan.
He is everything but a gentleman.
I have an older brother who lives in Kyoto.
This makes me curious.
I have not forgotten.
Bla takes his son to school every day, because he is a mindful father.
We have to make the most of the opportunity.
At last, we arrived in California.
You put me in a strange situation.
A is enough, but B is not enough.
My behaviour was very strange.
It's hard to believe that it has been clear and sunny until now.
She asked me to wake her up at six.
I was just taking a shower.
In Japan, there are lots of hot springs.
In Japan, there are many hot springs.
Excuse me, is this seat free?
He is exactly like his father.
Isn't there a pharmacy nearby?
Is there a pharmacy nearby?
Muiriel is twenty years old.
The thief admitted his crime.
He spoke with great enthusiasm of the theatrical performance.
There are more clouds today than there were yesterday.
A cat was on the table.
The article had three columns.
She gets herself worked up over every little thing.
He was absent from class.
He does not like carrots, so he did not eat it.
You have to help your mother.
There are many flowers in the garden.
Approximately two weeks.
Owls hunt at night.
How long are you staying in our country for?
They stayed with me in the room all night.
In the afternoon, I walked in the city.
I will introduce my father.
I'm coming back.
Not all birds build nests.
When you were two years old, you could count to ten.
Damn.
Love knows no limits.
I am young.
My home is big.
In the middle of the city, there is a fountain.
Would you put those bags in the car?
Everyone believes something different, but there is only one truth.
How do you explain this?
God tries those he loves.
The hunter shot a fox.
He almost jumped out of his skin.
The human body is only made up of tiny cells.
Yes, I came from Sapporo.
Let the children play.
We had a quick lunch at a cafe.
It was a pitch black night.
The whole village knows the man well.
The man is well-known in the whole village.
I would like some white bread.
Cockfighting is illegal in many countries.
Bob often jogs on that beach.
I had a Segway accident last week.
The singer was killed by wild coyotes.
Vito is a bicycle thief.
The deputy mayor of Delhi was indirectly killed by rhesus monkeys.
Which are the best ones?
Old is gold.
There's a cure for everything, except death.
They killed a goat as a sacrifice to the gods.
They say this town is full of cozenage.
The chariest maid is prodigal enough if she unmask her beauty to the moon.
To be, or not to be: that is the question.
As flies to wanton boys are we to the gods ; they kill us for their sport.
Life's but a walking shadow, a poor player that struts and frets his hour upon the stage, and then is heard no more. It is a tale told by an idiot, full of sound and fury, signifying nothing.
Give me my sword.
Is this a dagger which I see before me, the handle toward my hand?
Sophia Loren's real name is Sofia Scicolone.
Today the sea was warm!
If it looks like an apple and it tastes like an apple, it's probably an apple.
Tom was sitting on a bench eating something that looked like an apple.
The pears we eat in Japan look almost like apples.
There is no rose without thorns.
He tied the small branches into a bundle.
She is teaching us French.
The lady is teaching us French.
They are Russian.
He lives in Yokohama.
His life is hanging by a thread.
You have to study harder.
New plants grow in the garden in spring.
This is because you do not want to be alone.
Your uncle let you drive his car?
He has a headache.
They took turns on duty.
Whoever the book's author might be, he must be a great writer.
It's all just a misunderstanding.
Mozart passed away years ago.
Grandpa bought this for me.
This text is hard to read.
He still has not written the letter.
How can you not know?
Whatever we do, we must be careful.
Maybe he's jogging around the park.
You have to stop drinking.
My father isn't at home.
If you look at the song's lyrics, they really don't mean much.
Piss off!
The hunters aimed their rifles at the elephant.
We met under a lonely tree.
My wife is a good cook.
My wife cooks well.
The storm caused much damage to the crop.
The storm caused a lot of damage to the crop.
What are you planning for the long weekend?
You must know that I snore.
Here's your bag.
I had a very good time tonight.
The stars shone in the sky.
His breath tickled my hair.
"What's happening in the cave? I'm curious." "I have no idea."
So much has happened, that it's as if the world turned upside down.
This fact was not known until now.
The room filled with laughter.
I would like that.
This table's surface is smooth.
He is sorry that he caused you trouble.
I saw a child called Tonio Evans.
The lawn needs to be watered.
What in the world do you think you're doing?
What on earth do you think you're doing?
John is indifferent about his clothes.
To tell the truth, sweetheart, I'm not at all interested.
She works in world shop.
She works in an Oxfam shop.
She works in a Fair Trade Shop.
It's warm and cozy here.
When I was a child I often walked in the woods.
The lemon is sour.
The runner was gasping for breath.
He is very kind today.
The flowers wilt without water.
The piano is expensive.
Turn the music up!
Japanese like to soak in hot water before going to sleep.
You're pretty.
My legs are as heavy as lead.
I'm lost. Could you please help me?
He is stubborn as a mule.
This was a long letter.
He misses his family very much.
He lives according to God's laws.
In August, I'm going to Japan with my friends.
I can't play chess yet.
I can't open the door. Do you have the key?
Don't forget to bring the camera with you.
Are you crazy? I'm not able to swim across the river!
He rudely turned his back to the principal.
How are you feeling lately?
His father? He is about forty years old.
I know a man who speaks Latin.
I work as much as you.
Spring is an enjoyable season.
Paper is a Chinese invention.
We all enjoyed the movie.
I'm looking for your sister. Where is she?
He had a talent for painting.
Can you speak Chinese?
Fish gotta swim.
I'm reading the newspaper.
A woman needs to be loved so much that she won't even entertain the possibility of someone else loving her more.
Should I come to the bus stop now?
Intrepidly, he jumped out of the plane.
You have no driving experience.
Martha's Vineyard looks a lot like Sylt.
She ditched me.
Laughing is the most effective antidote to bad temper.
They ordered two shots and two beers.
She dumped me.
He came just after you left.
Coffee or tea?
Education is the best antidote against violence.
The company decided to skimp on the quality of its products to boost the profit margin.
I punctured a tire.
Happy Fathers' Day!
Life without love has no meaning at all.
I am truly sorry.
He is having difficulty breathing.
Will you take us for a trip next Sunday?
I spent a lot of time listening to music.
He has an interesting job, where he has to work a lot.
She has absolutely no enemies.
Where does this doodad go?
Tom, back ten words, couldn't see very well this one. Mary, who stood closer, described it to him.
The word that Mary had, just before the comma, to enrage Tom, was the word "erased".
Tom, as his usual, lagged at the beginning of the sentence, when Mary, already twelve words ahead of him, stood now in its middle.
Mary was wondering whether she counted for Tom as a mere word or as a real person.
Mary and Tom quarrelled about the controversial tags to apply to this sentence.
There are people to whom, null is a positive number.
"Climb back from the comment area, I feel lonely and I'm scared!" shouted Mary, anxious.
Section 214, in my opinion one of the stranger provisions of the Land of Schleswig-Holstein's General Administrative Code, seems to imply that somebody who kidnaps a person from another one, must deliver the latter a receipt, to that effect.
Language opens worlds.
How is it that you know so much about Japanese history?
Mary, this bitch, was hiding behind a big word, to surprise Tom.
This is the deepest lake in Japan.
This lake is the deepest lake in Japan.
I owe him yen.
Mary argued that Tom stood three words ahead of her, although when he turned back, he saw that, between she and he, there were only two.
This is the end of the world as we know it.
I no longer love you.
I no longer like you.
He could recite the poem at age 5.
Bears can climb trees.
The whole world is watching.
These German translators are so unproductive, Tatoeba should delocalise production to Asia!
A glass of white wine, please.
He left the room.
This shoe is a size bigger.
It's very sensitive.
"I nipped your national pride, I see." "You must have nipped it a long time ago, I can't even remember it."
"I pinched your national pride, I see." "You must have pinched it a long time ago, I can't even remember it."
Explain it to me.
The German translators, always late, hadn't translated this sentence yet, and Tom and Mary worried as to whether they should go through another translation to reach the sentence in Lojban.
Watch out mom, these are coming your way!
Unprecedented ways should be tried.
The first projection is coming up in a minute.
The NPD is likely to enter the Landtag.
Do you ever actually do any work?
For this bad weather I don't feel like going out.
Your philosophy of life is different than mine.
I don't know when you must turn off the device.
I don't know when the machine must be turned off.
I left for London.
It's high time I change my glasses!
I think, therefore I flee.
We trust him.
Good night, everyone!
Good night, everybody!
Finding a decent man is more difficult than winning a lottery.
Four people were in the car when the accident happened.
I am holding a glass bottle with a letter inserted.
After the wind has stopped, let's sail the boat off to the open sea.
He did not answer the phone, so I sent him an email.
I love the rain while I'm studying in my room.
I don't know when the machine should be turned off.
It was eight meters long.
They don't think therefore they aren't.
Today is Valentine's Day.
He's proud to be an artist.
I'm a damage doer.
I am a damage doer.
Your name? - Robot.
I don't know when he decided to leave Rome.
I don't know when she decided to leave Rome.
I love walking along the river.
We drove to the hospital.
Her hair is black in color and long.
I haven't had a night shift like that in a while.
I need a vacation tonight.
I think it's possible.
That horror movie was very scary and I couldn't sleep after watching it.
I think that it's possible.
Finally, I found a job.
I graduated from the University of Kyoto.
Good-bye, Sayoko!
Please eat it while it's still hot.
Let's start translating!
I don't know them.
I can't tell it.
We must inform them.
Here we are, we're arrived.
You'll read it another day.
You will read it another day.
I'll watch it.
I will watch it.
She spread the margarine in place of the butter.
I came across your brother on the street.
Electronic components can be cleaned using pure isopropyl alcohol.
These articles cannot be exchanged.
It looks familiar.
It sounds familiar.
The lambda sensor is on the fritz again.
I won't put up with this any longer.
South Guelderish is a dialect of Dutch spoken in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia.
He is a sage.
I can't drink milk.
Why don't you drop in?
Do you have a boyfriend or a girlfriend? Where did you meet them?
I'm a realistic person.
I was born in Russia.
I don't watch TV.
Everything was better in the past.
Tom is a human skeleton.
Green is my favorite color.
Tom gave up all hope.
She's made up her mind to quit the company.
I ran into your brother on the street.
By chance, I met your brother on the street.
I'll be back at six.
Look at the train crossing the bridge.
I was able to swim faster when I was younger.
Your time is over.
He has been working all day long.
He has worked throughout the whole day.
He has been working during the whole day.
He arrived safe and sound.
I'm good at science.
It seems that something has happened.
Section 214b, in my opinion one of the stranger provisions of the Land of Schleswig-Holstein's General Administrative Code, seems to imply that somebody who sees a pink elephant must give it a receipt.
Electronic components can be cleaned by using pure isopropyl alcohol.
I have never voted for the left-wing politics in France and I'm not going to start now.
He has much money.
This animal is very intelligent.
What's the time now?
At least I got to see you.
The wall is covered with graffiti.
Do you have to go abroad again or not anymore?
How is it at school?
Call right now.
Call immediately.
I need your address in order to send you a present.
I am a teacher, not a student.
My eyes hurt!
I almost dropped a plate.
Elephants are an endangered species.
He, who kicks the pillar that stands on the bridge that leads over the river that flows through the village, in which lives the man, who owns the collar that bestows magical powers that perform miracles, dies.
If I'm lucky, I will arrive on time.
If you want, you can easily do it.
If you want, you can easily make it.
I saw a shape in the dark.
My older sister is good at typing.
I felt like seven suns have risen inside of me.
Tom wasn't ready to accept Mary's love or friendship.
Tom learned to accept the love his stepparents gave him.
Tom had trouble accepting Mary's love.
Tom didn't know whether to accept Mary's love or refuse it.
Tom didn't know how to accept Mary's love and affection.
Tom accused Mary of not knowing how to love or how to accept someone's love.
If Tom hadn't been so insecure, he could probably have accepted Mary's love.
All Tom wanted was to find a woman who would accept all the love he had to give.
It's necessary for there to be three people to enjoy a good story: One to tell it right, one to relish it and one to not understand it. For the pleasure of the first two is doubled by the lack of understanding of the third.
The principal shook hands with each of the graduates.
There are sentences which everybody knows.
He always grumbles like a bear.
I love my family so much.
Such a wonderful music!
It doesn't snow the whole time through in Russia and there are also no bears running in the streets.
This house is my father's.
Brigitte is a Dutch name.
Hans is a German name.
Susan is an English name.
Roberto is a Brazilian name.
Jacqueline is a French name.
Rafaela is an Italian name.
Jacques is a Belgian name.
Natasha is a Russian name.
Teresa is a Portuguese name.
Helga is a Swedish name.
Yoko is a Japanese name.
Karin is a German name.
Are you still in Florida?
Mariko went to the aesthetic salon.
Is there central heating in this building?
My co-worker is a wolf in sheep's clothing.
Everyone had come except you.
I just want to live simply and happily, without troubles.
Tell us a random travel experience you had that you weren't expecting but loved.
School violence is a big problem.
Is anyone else going?
She is among those unaccounted for.
She still buys milk.
I'll definitely do that.
I'll do that without fail.
She looks young, but actually she's older than you are.
With the exception of him, nobody else came to the party.
He was the only one who came to the party.
It's difficult choosing between what's right and what's wrong, but you have to choose.
It's difficult choosing between what's right and what's wrong, but you have to make the choice.
A stranger living nearby is better than a relative living far away.
Strangers close by are better than family far away.
Both of my parents are dead.
Both of my parents have passed away.
Your new dress looks very good on you.
I wanted to be an astrophysicist once.
This was a lie.
Save me, Lord, from my friends, I will deal with my enemies myself!
Which movie did you watch?
I know where you dwell.
I'll be pleased to help you.
Don't act as if you were born in the year of Camel.
This bridge is the longest bridge.
My biggest problem at work now is having to deal with too many workers every day.
What I am most interested in is translating English sentences.
His favourite pastime is playing computer games.
His biggest dream is being able to speak like a native speaker.
The quality needed in this job is being polite all the time.
The things I like to do most while travelling are reading and sleeping.
If I were the head of a new charity to help old people, my main priorities would be providing health care and delivering hot meals.
I think the hardest part of nursing is seeing lots of blood every day.
The worst of living in Istanbul is getting stuck in the traffic.
The most important thing in life is having a lot of money.
When he was a child, his ambition was to be an English teacher.
A government's policy should be to give whatever is needed to improve the life standards.
After lunch today, our plan is to take a walk in the park.
What I need is to have a friend.
Her plan after work today is to go to the cinema.
What I will do after dinner is to chat on the internet.
The only thing I can do after dinner is watch television.
I can meet you at the bus station.
Do you remember our being stuck in the snow with the car last winter?
When I met him, I suddenly remembered lending him a large sum of money the previous month.
The only thing Tom likes to do after dinner is watch TV.
One thing Tom really enjoys is playing chess with Mary.
The only thing Tom needs now is a little patience.
The only place Tom has ever wanted to live is Boston.
The only car Tom has ever driven is his own.
The only girl Tom has ever dated is Mary.
The only fish Tom likes to eat is salmon.
The only website Tom visits at least once a day is this one.
The only two languages Tom can speak are French and English.
She's not the kind of girl you think she is.
I will try again.
My nationality is Polish.
What is your nationality?
In many ways, these fossils are the 'smoking gun' just before the emergence of our own genus.
A swine sees no sky.
A thief doesn't like the moonlight, a villain doesn't like a good man.
With the only difference being that I am a man.
Will you accompany me to collect my brain?
I managed to get permission from my parents for my wedding.
Neither the one nor the other.
I'll tell him, if I don't forget.
"Is that an illegal taxi?", I asked him.
I demand your daughter's hand in marriage.
Something is asked of me.
Learn these sentences.
Learn those sentences.
Teach these sentences.
Teach those sentences.
I'll start with a beer.
Let's start with beer.
He looked pretty tired.
The north wind was blowing all day long.
When are you going to return from Milan?
How long will this cold weather last?
I wonder how long this cold weather will last.
I'm very tired now.
He's so thin that he looks like a skeleton.
The poor old man became so thin that now he's just skin and bones.
I had some free time, so I wandered around town.
What he said might be true.
What he said could possibly be true.
You're stupid to trust him.
His injuries are all external.
The air has become really heavy.
What he's doing is illegal.
What he's doing is against the law.
We will return home after one hour.
When a native speaker tries to help me sound more like a native speaker, I'm appreciative.
When a native speaker tries to help me sound more like a native speaker, I'm thankful.
I appreciate it when a native speaker tries to help me sound more like a native speaker.
You disappoint me.
I'm disappointed in you.
Until now, I've never been spoken to by a foreigner.
Most car accidents happen because drivers aren't paying attention.
I didn't know the performer, but eventually found out who she was.
I was wondering.
Let's go on.
Your mail has been successfully sent.
We attached the invoice concerning the payment.
They say that a person who has perfect pitch can tell just by listening what pitch a note is.
Should any political party attempt to abolish social security, unemployment insurance, and eliminate labor laws and farm programs, you would not hear of that party again in our political history. There is a tiny splinter group, of course, that believes you can do these things. Among them are H. L. Hunt (you possibly know his background), a few other Texas oil millionaires, and an occasional politician or business man from other areas. Their number is negligible and they are stupid.
Raise your hand and ask for permission if you need to leave the classroom.
Snakes are cold-blooded creatures.
He supposes that you will book seats.
He supposed that you would book seats.
We're working to fix this bug.
The money on the table isn't mine.
We don't have a vacancy at the moment.
We took the liberty of putting your candidacy on hold.
For every ten m.p.h of speed you should allow one car-length of space between you and the car in front.
He told his friends his secret.
Now it is true that I believe this country is following a dangerous trend when it permits too great a degree of centralization of governmental functions. I oppose this  in some instances the fight is a rather desperate one. But to attain any success it is quite clear that the Federal government cannot avoid or escape responsibilities which the mass of the people firmly believe should be undertaken by it. The political processes of our country are such that if a rule of reason is not applied in this effort, we will lose everything  even to a possible and drastic change in the Constitution. This is what I mean by my constant insistence upon "moderation" in government.
My place is with them now.
A lot of people around here drive trucks.
A lot of people around here like country music.
A lot of people feel the same way about this as I do.
A lot of people feel the same way you do.
A lot of people in our neighborhood own guns.
A lot of people living in our building don't like the owner.
A lot of people would like to become famous. However, a lot of famous people wish they weren't so famous.
I'm too tired to go out jogging.
I'm too tired to think.
I'm too tired to do anything right now.
Have you seen a little girl with short black hair?
I'm too tired to do study.
I'm too tired to concentrate on this problem right now.
I'm too tired to ride my bicycle back home.
I'm too sleepy to drive.
Are you laughing at me?
Are you looking for me?
Are you sure you don't want me to go with you?
Are you sure you don't want to go with us?
After playing so badly for the entire game, the team walked off with their tails between their legs.
Man dies for the sake of the one who recognizes his worth.
Burning the trash so close to the house wasn't a good idea.
You should try to be more like Tom.
You should talk to Tom.
You should make sure that you get there on time. Tom won't wait more than ten minutes if you are late.
You should make sure that you don't make Tom angry.
You should assume that Tom won't help us at all.
You should assume that Tom already knows about the problem.
You could search the world over and never find another woman more beautiful than Mary.
You could search the world over and never find another man more honest than Tom.
You and Tom used to be friends. What happened?
Would you mind if I searched through Tom's room?
Why is Tom so grouchy today?
Why is Tom so dressed up today?
Why don't the police arrest Tom?
Why does Tom drink so much?
Why does Tom always seem to like doing things that make other people angry?
Why does Tom always look so tired?
Why did you invite Tom to the party?
Why did Tom quit his job?
Why did Tom cancel his trip?
Whose idea was it to fire Tom?
When was the last time you talked to Tom?
When was the last time you saw Tom?
When Tom leaves at night, he turns on the burglar alarm.
When did Tom tell Mary to fix the broken chair?
What was it that you wanted me to tell Tom?
What proof do you have that Tom was the one who stole your mother's necklace?
What kind of music does Tom listen to?
What kind of camera does Tom own?
What kind of books does Tom read?
What is Tom trying to say?
What if what Tom does isn't good enough? What'll we do then?
What if someone killed Tom? What would you do?
What if someone kidnapped Tom? What would you do?
What do you want me to tell Tom?
What did Tom want Mary to do?
What did Tom tell Mary to do?
What did Tom tell Mary not to do?
What did Tom expect Mary to do?
What did Tom ask Mary to do?
We were unsure what kind of person Tom would be and whether he would like living in the same house as us.
We can't get along without Tom.
Visiting Tom was a mistake.
Visiting Tom was a lot of fun.
Visiting Tom was a good idea.
Tom's wallet is almost empty.
Tom's unwillingness to help surprised Mary.
Tom's part-time job is delivering pizzas.
Tom's not in the office.
Tom's new shirt shrunk when he washed it and now it doesn't fit.
Tom's mother kept his graduation picture on the mantel.
Tom's mother is a nurse at the hospital that's across the street from where Mary lives.
Tom's lack of compassion surprised Mary.
Tom's house is just down the street.
Tom's house is just down the street from here.
Tom's house doesn't have a garage.
Tom's hands felt like ice.
Tom's great-great-great grandmother lived in Scotland.
Tom's great-great-grandfather was a pirate.
Tom's great-grandfather was born blind.
Tom's girlfriend saw him with another girl.
Tom's favorite Elvis Presley song is "Jailhouse Rock."
Tom's eyes weren't yet accustomed to the dark, so he couldn't see a thing.
Tom's explanation sounded convincing.
Tom's dog woke him up a little after midnight.
Tom's dog wanted to go outside.
Tom's dog slobbered on his pillow.
Tom's dog needed to go outside.
Tom's dog is a pretty good swimmer.
Tom's dog followed him into the house.
Tom's car was stuck in the mud.
Tom's car is easily recognizable since there is a big dent in the front bumper.
Tom's been working on this report since this morning.
Tom's been playing computer games since noon.
Tom's been living in Boston since he was six.
Tom's bedroom door was closed.
Tom, Mary and John were playing tag on the playground.
Tom, Mary and John spent Saturday practicing for the talent show.
Tom zipped up his fly.
Tom zipped up his bag.
Tom wrung out the towel.
Tom wrote to Mary about John.
Tom wrote to his father asking for money.
Tom wrote the song that Mary sang last night at the pub.
Tom wrote his name on every dirty car windshield in the parking lot.
Tom wrote down the license plate number.
Tom wrote a letter to Mary.
Tom wouldn't let his children use his power tools.
Tom wouldn't be too surprised if Mary didn't like the puppy he gave her.
Tom wouldn't be too surprised if Mary decided to accept the job offer.
Tom would never say what you think he said.
Tom would never let that happen.
Tom would never do what you claim he did.
Tom would like to know the reason.
Tom would like to know the reason why Mary isn't here.
Tom would like to go on the picnic, too. We should invite him.
Tom would have liked to attend Mary's party. Unfortunately, he had other things he had to do.
Tom would have become a boxer if his mother had let him.
Tom would have apologized to Mary if he had thought it was important.
Tom worries a lot about money.
Tom worried about whether he had enough money to pay for such a nice meal.
Tom works harder than he used to.
Tom works for a translation agency.
Tom worked up a sweat jogging.
Tom worked until he was too tired to continue.
Tom worked much harder than anyone else.
Tom worked his way through college.
Tom worked for weeks on that project.
Tom worked as a gas station attendant.
Tom wore gloves to avoid leaving his fingerprints on the murder weapon.
Tom wore a white shirt.
Tom wore a red and white striped tie.
Tom wondered how long it would be before Mary realized that John wasn't coming back.
Tom wondered why Mary was so late.
Tom wondered why Mary had not written.
Tom wondered why Mary couldn't speak French any better than she did.
Tom wondered who Mary was planning to vote for.
Tom wondered who Mary had driven to the airport.
Tom wondered where Mary had spent the weekend.
Tom wondered where Mary had gone to high school.
Tom wondered when Mary would arrive.
Tom wondered when Mary had bought the milk that was in the refrigerator.
Tom wondered what was on Mary's mind.
Tom wondered what Mary was making in the kitchen.
Tom wondered what Mary was doing here.
Tom wondered what happened to Mary.
Tom wondered what happened to his old truck.
Tom wondered what had happened.
Tom wondered if Mary was going to kiss him.
Tom wondered if he had enough firewood to make it through the winter.
Tom wondered how tall Mary was.
Tom wondered how soon Mary would have dinner ready.
Tom wondered how often Mary practiced baton twirling.
Tom wondered how much tequila Mary could drink before she passed out.
Tom wondered how much Mary weighed.
Tom wondered how much luggage Mary was planning to take.
Tom wondered how many times Mary was going to run around the track.
Tom wondered how many times Mary had been in trouble with the law.
Tom wondered how many times Mary had been arrested.
Tom wondered how many times he'd have to tell Mary to clean her room before she finally did it.
Tom wondered how many pairs of shoes Mary owned.
Tom wondered how many more people could fit into the elevator.
Tom wondered how many minutes it would take him to run to the bus stop.
Tom wondered how many hours it took Mary to get ready for the party.
Tom wondered how long it would take Mary to finish the job.
Tom wondered how long he'd have to wait for Mary.
Tom wondered how fast Mary could climb a ladder.
Tom wondered how deep the river was.
Tom won't tell you what you want to know.
Tom won't tell you what happened.
Tom won't take no for an answer.
Tom won't have to go through what Mary went through.
Tom won't go unless Mary goes with him.
Tom won't go even if he's invited.
Tom won't give Mary the message that you asked him to.
Tom won't be in for a few weeks.
Tom woke up with a terrible headache.
Tom woke up with a pain in his side.
Tom woke up when the telephone rang.
Tom woke up in the middle of the night.
Tom woke up feeling grumpy.
Tom woke up a little before noon.
Tom withdrew some money from the bank.
Tom wishes he were a millionaire.
Tom wishes he had a bigger car.
Tom wishes he could swap places with Mary.
Tom wishes he could make a fresh start.
Tom wishes he could afford to buy the kind of computer Mary bought.
Tom wished that he had enough money to retire.
Tom wished that he could spend more time with Mary.
Tom wished that he could play tennis as well as Mary.
Tom wished he'd never stepped foot into Mary's house.
Tom wished he'd never met Mary.
Tom wished he hadn't spent so much money.
Tom wished he hadn't eaten so much pie.
Tom wished he had someone to talk to.
Tom wished he had put more money into that investment.
Tom wished he had been more careful.
Tom will try to finish the work as early as possible.
Tom will try to convince Mary to accept your offer.
Tom will never tell you what really happened.
Tom will likely be discharged from the hospital tomorrow.
Tom will have an answer for you by next week.
Tom will go, no matter what Mary says.
Tom will go whether Mary does or not.
Tom will eventually need an operation.
Tom will be here only a few days.
Tom will be back around 2:30.
Tom will be arriving an hour late.
Tom will be arrested if he does that again.
Tom went to the police station to file an accident report.
Tom went to the hardware store to buy another hammer and some nails.
Tom went to see Mary early yesterday morning.
Tom went to Korea as a Christian missionary.
Tom went to Japan to study Japanese.
Tom went to his high school reunion last week.
Tom went to Boston to meet Mary.
Tom went to a wedding last weekend.
Tom went straight to the post office.
Tom went straight to bed.
Tom went shopping with his family.
Tom went out of his way to make sure Mary had a good time.
Tom went out of his way to make Mary feel at home.
Tom went out of his way to help Mary.
Tom went out for a walk as he always does in the afternoon.
Tom went for a walk and took pictures of things he saw.
Tom went down the river in a canoe.
Tom went backstage to see if he could meet some of the band members.
Tom went back to his writing.
Tom went back to his room.
Tom wears long sleeves when working in the garden.
Tom wasn't very good at reading between the lines.
Tom wasn't sure they would renew his visa.
Tom wasn't satisfied with the pay he was getting.
Tom wasn't happy about the situation.
Tom wasn't aware of the gravity of the situation.
Tom wasn't able to find a babysitter on such short notice.
Tom washed all the towels.
Tom was worried that his cholesterol level might be a little high.
Tom was worried about Mary's safety.
Tom was married when he returned.
Tom was wearing an eyepatch the last time I saw him.
Tom was wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans.
Tom was up before dawn.
Tom was unwilling to pay that much money for a secondhand computer.
Tom was unsure what Mary would be like and he wondered whether she would get along with his friends.
Tom was under suspicion for murder.
Tom was unaware of some errors he had made when translating an important document for his boss.
Tom was unable to understand anything Mary said.
Tom was trying not to panic.
Tom was touched that Mary was worried about him.
Tom was totally snockered before the party even began.
Tom was too tired to even smile at Mary.
Tom was too afraid to enter the cave.
Tom was thrown off the bus.
Tom was thinking of Mary.
Tom was the only one who trusted Mary.
Tom was the only one who saw Mary sneak into the room.
Tom was the only one who respected Mary.
Tom was the only one who knew how to start a fire without matches.
Tom was the only one who even attempted to do something about the problem.
Tom was the one who started the fight.
Tom was the one who helped me paint my house.
Tom was the one who gave me the painting that's hanging above my fireplace.
Tom was the one who cooked dinner.
Tom was the one who broke the windshield of Mary's car.
Tom was the oldest person in the room.
Tom was the first to arrive.
Tom was surprised to find Mary sitting all alone in the chapel.
Tom was sure Mary didn't know how to drive a car.
Tom was sure better times were coming.
Tom was supposed to help me this afternoon.
Tom was supposed to be here by now.
Tom was supposed to be here by 2:30.
Tom was sunbathing on the dock.
Tom was stupid enough to believe Mary.
Tom was stuck in a traffic jam for what seemed like hours.
Tom was stabbed to death by someone on the subway.
Tom was so busy he skipped lunch.
Tom was sitting at the bar drinking a Bloody Mary.
Tom was shocked to hear that Mary had gotten into Harvard.
Tom was shocked to hear that Mary had died.
Tom was shocked by Mary's behavior.
Tom was sentenced to years in prison.
Tom was scheduled for a checkup.
Tom was scared out of his wits.
Tom was rude and obnoxious.
Tom was reluctant to go.
Tom was reluctant to go by himself.
Tom was relieved to hear that Mary had arrived home safely.
Tom was really glad to hear that Mary was going to help him move.
Tom was really glad to hear that Mary wanted to come to his party.
Tom was really glad to hear that Mary hadn't been injured in the accident.
Tom was really glad to hear that Mary had passed her exams.
Tom was put in a nursing home.
Tom was promoted to manager.
Tom was only one of Mary's many stepchildren.
Tom was only gone for fifteen minutes.
Tom was on the verge of tears.
Tom was on the verge of starvation.
Tom was on the other side of town at the time of the shooting.
Tom was on the news last night.
Tom was obviously sick.
Tom was obviously in pain.
Tom was obviously a rich man.
Tom was nothing but skin and bone.
Tom was not much older than Mary.
Tom was mugged.
Tom was Mary's stepchild.
Tom was Mary's only friend.
Tom was married, but he didn't wear a ring.
Tom was madly in love with Mary.
Tom was lying on the pier getting a suntan.
Tom was lucky that Mary didn't hit him.
Tom was lucky enough to find a good job.
Tom was looking for some people to help him move his piano.
Tom was looking for place to eat that had reasonable prices.
Tom was looking all over for you.
Tom was late for the meeting.
Tom was late for his appointment.
Tom was killed instantly when the bomb he was trying to defuse exploded.
Tom was killed in a traffic accident.
Tom was killed in a plane crash.
Tom was killed in a car accident.
Tom was killed by a stray bullet.
Tom was kicked out of school.
Tom was just as scared as Mary was.
Tom was just about to hang up when he heard Mary scream.
Tom was injured in a traffic accident.
Tom was in no mood to talk to Mary.
Tom was in a meeting all day.
Tom was in a hurry so he left his second cup of coffee undrunk.
Tom was in a hurry so he left his breakfast only half eaten.
Tom was in a hurry so he left his bed unmade.
Tom was humiliated.
Tom was hoping the committee would adopt his proposal.
Tom was held up in a traffic jam.
Tom was happy to be home after being away for so long.
Tom was going to ask you about that.
Tom was going over the speed limit when the police pulled him over.
Tom was glad to see Mary and John getting along so well.
Tom was given a warm reception.
Tom was getting under Mary's skin.
Tom was found dead in his room.
Tom was flabbergasted when he heard the news.
Tom was expecting you fifteen minutes ago.
Tom was early for his appointment.
Tom was drinking coffee out of a Styrofoam cup.
Tom was drinking at a bar with Mary at the time the police think that John was murdered.
Tom was down with the flu all last week.
Tom was determined to make the football team.
Tom was determined to finish the job before he went home.
Tom was determined to continue his support for as long as it took.
Tom was dead set against the idea.
Tom was caught driving without a license.
Tom was carrying an armful of books.
Tom was busy, so he couldn't help us.
Tom was busy translating some documents for the boss.
Tom was busy and didn't have a chance to eat lunch.
Tom was born a month premature.
Tom was beginning to wish he had stayed in the navy.
Tom was beaten to death with a tire iron.
Tom was attacked by a dog.
Tom was apparently in Boston last winter.
Tom was angry at Mary because she parked in his space.
Tom was aiming his pistol at Mary when John shot him.
Tom was afraid of being rejected.
Tom was afraid of being captured by the enemy.
Tom was afraid Mary wouldn't believe him.
Tom was afraid his car would break down.
Tom was accustomed to being on his own.
Tom was able to recite the whole poem by heart.
Tom was able to park a half a block away from the concert hall.
Tom was able to extend his visa.
Tom was able to buy what he needed at a convenience store.
Tom was a little homesick.
Tom was a homicide detective before he retired.
Tom warned Mary that John would try to borrow money from her.
Tom wants you to do him a favor.
Tom wants to see you.
Tom wants to see you as soon as possible.
Tom wants to see if Mary likes his new song.
Tom wants to see a doctor as soon as possible.
Tom wants to say something to you.
Tom wants to know more about Mary's past.
Tom wants to have a word with you.
Tom wants to get to know Mary better.
Tom wants to get a part-time job.
Tom wants to drink a cup of coffee.
Tom wants to do something special for Mary's birthday.
Tom wants to do business with Mary.
Tom wants to discuss the problem with Mary.
Tom wants to borrow some money.
Tom wants to borrow some money from you.
Tom wants to become an electrician.
Tom wants to be the best person he possibly can be.
Tom wants to be friends with Mary.
Tom wants to be careful not to use too much water. His well is almost dry.
Tom wants Mary to meet his mother.
Tom wants Mary to come here right away.
Tom wants Mary to babysit his children.
Tom wants everyone to have a great time.
Tom wants everyone to get out of here.
Tom wants a bigger discount.
Tom wanted to get things done quickly.
Tom wanted to wait for the next bus.
Tom wanted to visit South America.
Tom wanted to visit North America.
Tom wanted to visit Central America.
Tom wanted to visit America.
Tom wanted to unite not divide.
Tom wanted to thank Mary in person.
Tom wanted to tell Mary what he really thought, but he held his tongue.
Tom wanted to tell Mary something important.
Tom wanted to talk to Mary before she left.
Tom wanted to talk to Mary about something.
Tom wanted to take a shower.
Tom wanted to take a nap before dinner.
Tom wanted to stay home and relax instead of hiking with his children.
Tom wanted to spend the rest of his life with Mary.
Tom wanted to spend the rest of his life in America.
Tom wanted to sleep late, but was unable to.
Tom wanted to sit down for a few seconds.
Tom wanted to see Mary before she left.
Tom wanted to see Mary again.
Tom wanted to say something to Mary.
Tom wanted to lose five pounds before summer vacation.
Tom wanted to learn how people in other countries live.
Tom wanted to know why Mary was not happy.
Tom wanted to know who Mary had been dating.
Tom wanted to know where Mary had been.
Tom wanted to know when Mary would get home.
Tom wanted to know what Mary did during her summer vacation.
Tom wanted to know how the story ended.
Tom wanted to know how Mary had become so rich.
Tom wanted to kiss Mary then and there.
Tom wanted to kill Mary, but John stopped him.
Tom wanted to hone his skills as a photographer.
Tom wanted to hit Mary, but John stopped him.
Tom wanted to hire a detective.
Tom wanted to help Mary rake the leaves, but she was using the only rake.
Tom wanted to help Mary pick up chestnuts.
Tom wanted to grab a bite to eat on his way home.
Tom wanted to go wherever Mary was going.
Tom wanted to go into politics.
Tom wanted to give Mary something special for her birthday.
Tom wanted to give Mary some earrings for her birthday.
Tom wanted to give Mary a chance to explain why she hadn't yet done the work.
Tom wanted to get to know Mary better.
Tom wanted to get his money's worth.
Tom wanted to fire Mary, but John stopped him.
Tom wanted to eat at the small restaurant behind the hotel.
Tom wanted to call the police, but Mary wouldn't let him.
Tom wanted to buy a soprano sax, but couldn't afford one.
Tom wanted to become a search-and-rescue specialist.
Tom wanted to become a diplomat.
Tom wanted to be with Mary.
Tom wanted to be just friends. However, Mary wanted much more.
Tom wanted to ask Mary to go out with him, but he didn't have the courage to.
Tom wanted to ask Mary something.
Tom wanted to ask Mary for a big favor.
Tom wanted to ask Mary a question.
Tom wanted save up enough money to buy a car.
Tom wanted revenge.
Tom wanted Mary to write a recommendation for him.
Tom wanted Mary to work harder.
Tom wanted Mary to wait for him at the library.
Tom wanted Mary to understand why he couldn't live with her.
Tom wanted Mary to tell the truth.
Tom wanted Mary to tell him her opinion.
Tom wanted Mary to tell him about her childhood.
Tom wanted Mary to talk to John about the problem she was having with his children.
Tom wanted Mary to take his picture.
Tom wanted Mary to stay with him forever.
Tom wanted Mary to stay where she was until he got back.
Tom wanted Mary to sign his yearbook.
Tom wanted Mary to return his pen.
Tom wanted Mary to play a song for him on the piano.
Tom wanted Mary to meet his parents.
Tom wanted Mary to loan him some money.
Tom wanted Mary to leave right away.
Tom wanted Mary to leave him alone.
Tom wanted Mary to help him with his homework.
Tom wanted Mary to help him in the garden.
Tom wanted Mary to go to Boston to visit her uncle.
Tom wanted Mary to go outside and play.
Tom wanted Mary to get well.
Tom wanted Mary to drive him to the airport.
Tom wanted Mary to cook dinner.
Tom wanted Mary to come to his party.
Tom wanted Mary to come over for an early dinner.
Tom wanted Mary to come home early.
Tom wanted Mary to clean the bathtub.
Tom wanted Mary to clean her room.
Tom wanted Mary to buy him some stamps while she was at the post office.
Tom wanted Mary to be quiet.
Tom wanted Mary to be his wife.
Tom wanted Mary to be his dance partner.
Tom wanted Mary to be happy.
Tom wanted Mary to air out the room.
Tom wanted Mary to accept his gift.
Tom wanted a place in the country he could call home.
Tom wanted a pencil with a softer lead.
Tom walks through a very classy neighborhood on his way home from school.
Tom walked up to the third floor.
Tom wakes up early almost every morning.
Tom waited to hear from Mary.
Tom waited patiently for three hours.
Tom waited patiently for Mary to arrive.
Tom waited for more than an hour.
Tom waited a while to let his eyes adjust to the darkness.
Tom wadded up the piece of paper.
Tom vowed to do everything within his power to protect the local wildlife.
Tom volunteered to help raise money for a new orphanage.
Tom usually takes the subway to school.
Tom usually takes a bus to work.
Tom usually starts his day with a hot cup of coffee.
Tom usually puts mustard and ketchup on his hot dogs.
Tom usually only reads the headlines.
Tom usually lets dirty dishes pile up for a week, then he washes them.
Tom used to work in a bakery.
Tom used to work for Mary.
Tom used to pick on Mary all the time when they were in elementary school.
Tom used to be conservative.
Tom used to be a special education teacher.
Tom used the new knife Mary had given him to cut the vegetables.
Tom urged Mary to study art.
Tom untied the ribbon.
Tom unholstered his gun.
Tom understood Mary's skepticism.
Tom understands what it takes to survive.
Tom understands what it takes to succeed.
Tom unbuttoned his shirt.
Tom twisted the truth.
Tom twisted Mary's arm and she agreed to donate some money to our charity.
Tom twisted his ankle and it swelled up.
Tom turned out to be a thief.
Tom turned on the windshield wipers.
Tom turned on the water faucet, but nothing came out.
Tom tripled his investment in six months.
Tom tried to teach Mary how to play bridge.
Tom tried to talk Mary into driving all night.
Tom tried to stand up, but couldn't.
Tom tried to squeeze into the jeans he had worn when he was a teenager.
Tom tried to speak, but couldn't.
Tom tried to smile, but couldn't.
Tom tried to sell his old VCR instead of throwing it away, but no one would buy it, so he ended up throwing it away.
Tom tried to return the swimsuit for a larger size, but the clerk told him that wasn't allowed.
Tom tried to remember the last time he had visited an art museum.
Tom tried to remember the last time he had drunk wine with Mary.
Tom tried to prevent Mary from opening the door.
Tom tried to prevent Mary from joining the army.
Tom tried to prevent Mary from going to the police.
Tom tried to look through the keyhole, but couldn't see anything.
Tom tried to hold back his tears.
Tom tried to hog all the credit.
Tom tried to get Mary to pay for his ticket.
Tom tried to get Mary to do his homework for him.
Tom tried to get Mary to do his chores.
Tom tried to get Mary to accept our proposal.
Tom tried to get into the locked room.
Tom tried to find somebody else to do the job.
Tom tried to figure out the answer by himself.
Tom tried to explain to Mary how to solve the puzzle.
Tom tried to break up the fight.
Tom tried to adjust the temperature of the shower.
Tom tried everything that was suggested, but still couldn't fix the problem.
Tom treated Mary like a slave.
Tom treated Mary like a maid.
Tom treated Mary as one of the family.
Tom towel-dried his hair.
Tom touched Mary on the shoulder.
Tom took very good care of Mary.
Tom took the seat across from Mary.
Tom took the hook out of the fish's mouth.
Tom took the first flight out this morning.
Tom took the children to the park.
Tom took off his wedding ring.
Tom took off his tie.
Tom took off his shoes.
Tom took off his jacket and hung it up.
Tom took off his hat.
Tom took me to a restaurant where you can eat as much as you want for thirty dollars.
Tom took Mary back home.
Tom took it for granted that Mary already knew what had happened.
Tom took his shoes off at the door.
Tom took his family to the zoo.
Tom took his computer in to be repaired.
Tom took care of my kids when I was in the hospital.
Tom took care of his sick mother.
Tom took an overdose of sleeping pills.
Tom took a sip of coffee.
Tom took a piece of candy, unwrapped it and put it in his mouth.
Tom took a knife out of a drawer in the kitchen.
Tom took a handful of popcorn from the bowl.
Tom took a folded piece of paper out of his shirt pocket.
Tom took a direct flight to Boston.
Tom took a cold shower.
Tom took a cold shower this morning.
Tom took a bath last night.
Tom told us that we could buy a ticket at the door.
Tom told the taxi driver to keep the change.
Tom told the doctor that he felt no pain.
Tom told me to load my pistol.
Tom told me to give you anything you want.
Tom told me that Mary wasn't his type.
Tom told me that if it didn't rain tomorrow he'd go cycling with Mary.
Tom told me that I should drop by sometime for a visit.
Tom told me that I could keep the book if I wanted it.
Tom told me that he would rather not go.
Tom told me that he wasn't afraid of Mary.
Tom told me that he was too tired to study.
Tom told me that he had a dream about Mary last night.
Tom told me that he doesn't have a problem with that.
Tom told me that he didn't want to come home empty-handed.
Tom told me he wouldn't be late, but he still hasn't shown up.
Tom told me he had nothing to look forward to.
Tom told me he couldn't wait to get out of there.
Tom told Mary what he'd seen on TV.
Tom told Mary what he really thought of her.
Tom told Mary what had happened.
Tom told Mary to put the hammer back into the toolbox when she was finished using it.
Tom told Mary to practice her tuba somewhere else.
Tom told Mary to park somewhere else.
Tom told Mary to do it immediately.
Tom told Mary the bad news.
Tom told Mary the absolute truth.
Tom told Mary that they needed to be careful not to wear out their welcome.
Tom told Mary that the story wasn't true.
Tom told Mary that she was wasting her time.
Tom told Mary that she shouldn't include her phone number in her profile.
Tom told Mary that she looked like Marilyn Monroe.
Tom told Mary that she had the prettiest eyes he'd ever seen.
Tom told Mary that it was too hot to play outside.
Tom told Mary that it was too cold to go outside without a coat.
Tom told Mary that it wasn't a good idea to have money just sitting in the bank.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was really stressed out.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think it was a good idea for her to go jogging in the park by herself.
Tom told Mary she was fat and ugly.
Tom told Mary she should study harder.
Tom told Mary she should get her eyes checked.
Tom told Mary she couldn't quit on such short notice.
Tom told Mary not to wait up because he wouldn't be home until very late.
Tom told Mary not to laugh so loudly.
Tom told Mary it wouldn't be easy.
Tom told Mary how much he loved her.
Tom told Mary how much he liked his work.
Tom told Mary how much he enjoyed watching baseball on TV.
Tom told Mary he'd be right back.
Tom told Mary he wouldn't do it again.
Tom told Mary he was going to Boston.
Tom told Mary all the things John didn't do that he could have done.
Tom told Mary about last night's ordeal.
Tom told his children to quit jumping on the bed.
Tom told his boss that Mary wouldn't be coming to work that day.
Tom told everyone that he thought Mary would make a good wife for someone someday.
Tom told everybody what was on his mind.
Tom tied his boat to the dock.
Tom threw the apple core into the garbage can.
Tom threw another log on the fire.
Tom thought where he put his gold coins was the perfect hiding place. However, he was wrong.
Tom thought what Mary was wearing wasn't appropriate for a formal party.
Tom thought there should be a limit on how much money his wife should be allowed to spend.
Tom thought the watch Mary had given him was ugly.
Tom thought the situation was really sad.
Tom thought the music was too loud, but he was too tired to get up and turn the volume down.
Tom thought the meeting was a waste of time.
Tom thought the little place on the corner might be a good place to eat.
Tom thought the house Mary wanted to buy was a little too small.
Tom thought the food Mary had prepared tasted pretty good.
Tom thought the car Mary was driving wasn't safe.
Tom thought that maybe Mary and John were gunrunners.
Tom thought that Mary wasn't getting enough sleep.
Tom thought that Mary was probably still somewhere in Boston.
Tom thought that Mary was probably over thirty.
Tom thought that Mary was probably not going to attend the event.
Tom thought that Mary was likely to want to leave early.
Tom thought that Mary was likely to get the job.
Tom thought that Mary didn't want to swim.
Tom thought that Mary didn't want to play chess with him.
Tom thought that Mary didn't like him.
Tom thought that Mary didn't like computer games.
Tom thought that Mary didn't drive a car.
Tom thought that it would be fun to go sailing.
Tom thought that he was very lucky.
Tom thought no one was at home.
Tom thought Mary's dress wasn't appropriate for the occasion.
Tom thought Mary's cooking was delicious.
Tom thought Mary's behavior was inappropriate.
Tom thought Mary wouldn't want to live in Boston.
Tom thought Mary wouldn't want to buy such a small car.
Tom thought Mary wouldn't be able to earn more than thirty dollars an hour.
Tom thought Mary was really mean.
Tom thought Mary was really friendly.
Tom thought Mary was probably about thirty.
Tom thought Mary should go over to John's house and help him.
Tom thought Mary seemed to be gaining weight.
Tom thought Mary seemed really happy.
Tom thought Mary looked beautiful.
Tom thought Mary knew why he didn't like her.
Tom thought Mary knew who to turn the report in to.
Tom thought Mary knew where to buy black pepper.
Tom thought Mary knew what time she was supposed to show up.
Tom thought Mary knew how to program in Python, JavaScript and Perl.
Tom thought Mary knew how much he hated opera.
Tom thought Mary had the IQ of a lizard.
Tom thought Mary didn't like cats.
Tom thought Mary could probably beat him in a swimming race.
Tom thought Mary could get a job.
Tom thought it would take longer.
Tom thought it was Mary who had broken into his apartment.
Tom thought he was doing what Mary wanted him to do.
Tom thought he might be coming down with a cold.
Tom thought he heard some voices in the next room.
Tom thought he heard some gunshots.
Tom thought he heard a mouse in the kitchen.
Tom thought he heard a gunshot.
Tom thought he heard a dog barking.
Tom thought he heard a car backfire.
Tom thought he had all the time in the world.
Tom thought he had a chance to win the race.
Tom thought he had a chance to survive.
Tom thought he had a chance to make a lot of money on the stock market.
Tom thought everything was in order.
Tom thought he could reach the airport on time if he drove a little over the speed limit.
Tom thinks you should talk to Mary.
Tom thinks women in America wear too much perfume.
Tom thinks this price is reasonable.
Tom thinks there's a good possibility that Mary will agree to babysit the children on Friday night.
Tom thinks the food Mary makes is usually too spicy.
Tom thinks that women always tell their best friends everything.
Tom thinks that if he had tried a little harder, he could have won the race.
Tom thinks of Mary as his best friend.
Tom thinks Mary made the right choice.
Tom thinks Mary made a big mistake.
Tom thinks Mary looks great in blue.
Tom thinks Mary lacks common sense.
Tom thinks Mary is really stuck up.
Tom thinks Mary is interested in John.
Tom thinks Mary is a bit chubby.
Tom thinks Mary doesn't have an inkling of what's going on.
Tom thinks it's his fault that Mary died.
Tom thinks it'll be a lot of fun.
Tom thinks it would be better not to visit Mary right now.
Tom thinks it would be better not to change dollars into yen at this time.
Tom thinks it was a good experience.
Tom thinks I can do the job.
Tom thinks he's God's gift to women.
Tom thinks he understands women.
Tom thinks he knows why Mary decided to become a nun.
Tom thinks he knows who Mary's favorite musician is.
Tom thinks he knows where Mary lives.
Tom thinks he knows what's going on.
Tom thinks he knows what Mary wants.
Tom thinks he knows how much money Mary makes, but Mary makes quite a bit more than Tom thinks she does.
Tom thinks he can tell when Mary is lying.
Tom thinks he can do anything if he puts his mind to it.
Tom thinks anything's possible.
Tom thinks about Mary all the time.
Tom thanked Mary for letting him use her computer.
Tom thanked Mary for her time.
Tom teaches us French.
Tom teaches an undergraduate course in translation.
Tom taught Mary a lot of useful French.
Tom talks a mile a minute.
Tom talked to Mary about things he usually kept to himself.
Tom talked Mary into taking the job.
Tom talked Mary into going.
Tom talked Mary into going out for coffee.
Tom talked for a long time, but didn't really say much.
Tom takes tap dancing lessons twice a week.
Tom tackled the problem immediately.
Tom swept the kitchen floor while Mary washed the dishes.
Tom suggested the idea to Mary.
Tom suggested that we not watch that movie.
Tom suggested that we have a farewell party for Mary.
Tom suggested that we go out to eat.
Tom suggested that we go downtown.
Tom suggested that we cancel the meeting.
Tom suggested that Mary should resign from her current job and find another one.
Tom suggested that Mary see a doctor.
Tom studies harder than anyone else I know.
Tom stuck Mary with the bill.
Tom stored his old books under his bed.
Tom stopped talking when Mary came into the room.
Tom stopped at a convenience store to buy some milk.
Tom stood in the corner of the room with a gin and tonic in his hand.
Tom stomped out of the room.
Tom stomped on the brake pedal and screeched to a halt.
Tom still hasn't quite learned the rules of the game.
Tom still hasn't found what he's looking for.
Tom still hasn't found a good job.
Tom still has one more month to go before he graduates.
Tom still has a lot to learn.
Tom stepped out for a minute.
Tom stayed up all night. Now he's too tired to work.
Tom stayed in Boston for the summer.
Tom has started to show an interest in Mary.
Tom started to like Mary more and more.
Tom started to get a little hungry.
Tom started to get a little bored.
Tom started to get a little angry.
Tom started to feel more confident than before.
Tom started to feel like his life wasn't worth living.
Tom started playing drums when he was thirteen.
Tom stared at Mary for a moment wondering if there was something she wasn't telling him.
Tom sprained his ankle.
Tom splashed himself with cold water.
Tom spent the whole morning getting ready for his presentation.
Tom spent the whole evening searching the Web for photos of famous people.
Tom spent the whole day working on his French pronunciation.
Tom spent the whole afternoon playing tennis.
Tom spent the night in the small cabin near the lake.
Tom spent the night in an old hunting shack.
Tom spent quite a lot of money for his house.
Tom spent all morning stacking firewood.
Tom spent all day trying to fix the leak in the roof.
Tom spent all day looking around antique shops.
Tom spent a few years behind bars.
Tom spent all afternoon at the airport watching the airplanes land and take off.
Tom speaks several languages fluently, but for his job, he only translates into his native language.
Tom speaks French much better than anyone else.
Tom sounded exhausted.
Tom sounded a little cranky this afternoon.
Tom sort of liked Mary.
Tom soon realized the seriousness of his error.
Tom sometimes wears sunglasses indoors.
Tom sometimes picks his nose in public.
Tom sometimes chews with his mouth open.
Tom solved the puzzle after Mary gave him a few hints.
Tom smiled at himself in the mirror.
Tom slung his bag over his shoulder.
Tom slit open the envelope.
Tom slit his wrists.
Tom slit his own throat.
Tom slipped out the back door.
Tom sleeps with his window open.
Tom slammed the door in Mary's face.
Tom skipped dinner saying he was too tired to eat.
Tom sits in his room all day and does nothing.
Tom sings in a church choir.
Tom signed the contract.
Tom sides with Mary all the time.
Tom shut the door and locked it.
Tom shut his eyes.
Tom showed up at just the right moment.
Tom showed no interest in sports.
Tom showed Mary how to boil water in a paper cup.
Tom showed Mary his baby pictures.
Tom shouldn't say things like that to Mary.
Tom shouldn't expect everyone to like the same kind of music that he does.
Tom should take advantage of this opportunity.
Tom should know exactly how much money we have to spend.
Tom should have told me earlier.
Tom should have plenty of time.
Tom should have married Mary.
Tom should have known better.
Tom should have handled the situation differently.
Tom should have done things differently.
Tom should have been here by now.
Tom should eventually have enough money to buy Mary a diamond ring.
Tom should be here within fifteen minutes.
Tom should be here any minute now.
Tom should be back here by 2:30.
Tom should be able to complete the job quickly.
Tom shot Mary in the knee before he blew her brains out.
Tom shook his head to say no.
Tom shaved his head.
Tom shared his mother's oatmeal cookie recipe with Mary.
Tom shared a room with his brother.
Tom set up a website for Mary.
Tom set the alarm clock to go off 6:a.m.
Tom sees a psychiatrist once or twice a month.
Tom seems to really enjoy talking with Mary.
Tom seems to really enjoy being in Boston.
Tom seems to really enjoy being here.
Tom seems to like Japanese food.
Tom seems to have lost his key.
Tom seems to have it in for me.
Tom seems to complain about everything Mary does.
Tom seems to be unwilling to testify against Mary.
Tom seems to be unwilling to tell Mary what happened.
Tom seems to be unwilling to tackle the problem.
Tom seems to be unwilling to spend the time it takes to do a job well.
Tom seems to be unwilling to make a decision.
Tom seems to be unwilling to lower the price.
Tom seems to be unwilling to listen to suggestions.
Tom seems to be unwilling to listen to anything Mary says.
Tom seems to be unwilling to go to the supermarket for his mother.
Tom seems to be unwilling to even consider the possibility that he is wrong.
Tom seems to be unwilling to correct his mistakes.
Tom seems to be unwilling to compromise.
Tom seems to be unwilling to change.
Tom seems to be unwilling to believe that Mary was the one who stole his credit cards.
Tom seems to be unwilling to be a suicide bomber.
Tom seems to be unwilling to acknowledge that Mary is a better swimmer than he is.
Tom seems to be unwilling to accept the bribe we're offering him.
Tom seems to be unwilling to accept our offer.
Tom seems to be unwilling to accept defeat.
Tom seems to be unwilling to accept advice from native speakers who try to help him with his translations.
Tom seems to be depressed this morning.
Tom seems to be coming down with a cold.
Tom seems to be as fit as a fiddle.
Tom seems to be an honest man.
Tom seems to be able to stay thin even though he eats quite a bit.
Tom seems to be a member of a gang.
Tom seems a bit depressed this morning.
Tom seemed to be having trouble opening the door.
Tom scratched his nose.
Tom says this is the best he can do.
Tom says that Mary definitely won't accept the job.
Tom says that Mary definitely wanted to go with us, so we should wait.
Tom says that Mary definitely doesn't want to be married.
Tom says that he's never tried eating dog food.
Tom says that he only swears when it is absolutely necessary.
Tom says that he doesn't remember having made such a promise.
Tom says that he can't sleep unless it's completely dark.
Tom says he's willing to spend as much as $on that gizmo you're trying to sell.
Tom says he's tired of trying to keep up with the Joneses.
Tom says he'll be more careful from now on.
Tom says he won't come to our party.
Tom says he will never go there again.
Tom says he will do it whether it's legal or not.
Tom says he wants to learn how to fly an airplane.
Tom says he thinks he could live anywhere.
Tom says he saw a ghost in his house.
Tom says he likes living by himself.
Tom says he has nothing to do with the matter.
Tom says he has never tried eating whale meat.
Tom says he feels much better now.
Tom says he feels like he might throw up.
Tom says he doesn't want to study French.
Tom says he doesn't know why Mary didn't enjoy the movie.
Tom says he doesn't know who Mary is planning on going to the prom with.
Tom says he doesn't know where Mary bought her pearl necklace.
Tom says he doesn't know when Mary was born.
Tom says he doesn't know what Mary wants to do.
Tom says he doesn't know how Mary stays so thin.
Tom says he doesn't feel tired.
Tom says he can't understand how Mary manages to make so much money working only one day a week.
Tom says he can't remember what he and Mary were talking about at that time.
Tom says he can't live with Mary any longer.
Tom says he can't figure Mary out.
Tom says he can't even work in this heat.
Tom says he doesn't mind eating after the children eat.
Tom saw vending machines everywhere when he visited Japan.
Tom saw that movie last summer.
Tom saw some interesting swords at the museum the day before yesterday.
Tom saw Mary waiting at the bus stop.
Tom saw Mary steal John's money.
Tom saw Mary crossing the road.
Tom saw a snake slither across the path.
Tom saw a girl sitting all alone, so he went over to talk to her.
Tom saw a crack in the wall.
Tom sat staring at the tropical fish swimming around in the aquarium in his bedroom.
Tom sat at the bottom of the stairs wondering what he should do next.
Tom said that Mary had to submit a written apology.
Tom said that he thought Mary wouldn't want to visit the place where her father had committed suicide.
Tom said that he thought Mary was still living with her parents.
Tom said that he thought Mary knew why John never seemed to enjoy watching cricket.
Tom said that he thought Mary knew why John had become a policeman.
Tom said that he thought Mary knew who John hoped would win the election.
Tom said that he thought Mary knew where John had found the key she'd lost.
Tom said that he thought Mary knew when John had graduated from Harvard.
Tom said that he thought Mary knew what time John was planning to start cooking.
Tom said that he thought Mary knew how to weld.
Tom said that he thought Mary didn't enjoy the movie.
Tom said that he thought Mary couldn't read without glasses.
Tom said that he needed to give Mary one more warning before he could fire her.
Tom said that he doesn't want to hurt you, but if you come around here again, he'll beat you up.
Tom said that he didn't want to see or speak to anyone.
Tom said that he didn't want to live alone.
Tom said that he didn't want to ever see Mary again.
Tom said that he didn't want to drive.
Tom said that he didn't mean to be rude.
Tom said that he didn't mean to be late.
Tom said that he couldn't vouch for Mary.
Tom said that he couldn't remember the last time he saw a movie.
Tom said that he couldn't possibly eat any more.
Tom said that he couldn't believe it.
Tom said he'd like to spend his next holiday hiking and camping.
Tom said he'd be back before 2:30.
Tom said he was just too tired to do anything else.
Tom said he thought he had forgotten something.
Tom said he thought he could lend Mary some money.
Tom said he needed to get in touch with Mary.
Tom said he needed a day or two to think about it.
Tom said he hadn't seen Mary for a long time.
Tom said he hadn't had a good home-cooked meal for a long time.
Tom said he had to split.
Tom said he had nowhere to go.
Tom said he couldn't make it tonight, but he could make it some other time.
Tom runs faster than anyone else I know.
Tom rinsed off the plates and put them into the dishwasher.
Tom resisted the temptation to lean over and kiss Mary.
Tom resisted the impulse to tell Mary what an idiot she had been.
Tom resisted the impulse to kiss Mary.
Tom resisted smiling.
Tom reported his accident in detail.
Tom removed the lid from the medicine bottle.
Tom removed the lid from the box.
Tom reminded Mary not to forget to flush the toilet.
Tom remembered the rabbits he used to raise.
Tom remembered the last time he had hugged Mary.
Tom remained unmarried all his life.
Tom remained single all his life.
Tom reloaded his gun.
Tom regrets the decision he made late last night.
Tom regrets having introduced Mary to John.
Tom regained his balance.
Tom refuses to take orders from Mary.
Tom refuses to do anything for Mary.
Tom refused to sign his name.
Tom refused to rule out the possibility that his son was still alive.
Tom refused to even consider my suggestion.
Tom recommended this book to me.
Tom really made me feel at home.
Tom really knows how to stay in shape.
Tom really knows how to have a good time.
Tom really enjoyed his meal.
Tom really admired Mary's courage.
Tom realized that he was drowning.
Tom realized that he hadn't paid the bill, so he went back into the restaurant.
Tom realized that he had no money on him.
Tom realized it was time to go.
Tom reads three or four books a month.
Tom reads more books than anyone else I know.
Tom read the entire book in three hours.
Tom ran out of matches so he couldn't light the fire.
Tom ran like crazy to catch up with Mary.
Tom ran as fast as he could.
Tom raised an interesting question at our meeting.
Tom quickly climbed up the tree.
Tom put too much hot sauce on his pizza.
Tom put the thermometer under his arm.
Tom put the thermometer on the wall.
Tom put the thermometer in his mouth.
Tom put our names on the list.
Tom put his valuables in a safe.
Tom put his feet up on the coffee table.
Tom put all his eggs in one basket.
Tom put a piece of dry ice into a cup of water.
Tom pulled his jacket hood over his head.
Tom promised to do everything within his power to ensure that this kind of thing wouldn't happen again.
Tom promised to do everything he could to help me.
Tom promised Mary that he'd turn over a new leaf.
Tom promised Mary that he wouldn't get into trouble.
Tom probably won't want to tag along.
Tom pretended not to know why he was there.
Tom pretended not to know where to go.
Tom pretended not to know what to do.
Tom pretended not to know that what he had done was wrong.
Tom pretended not to know how to get to Mary's school.
Tom pretended not to know anything about the situation.
Tom pretended not to have any money.
Tom pretended not to be afraid.
Tom pretended he was sick.
Tom pretended he was asleep.
Tom pretended he had a gun.
Tom poured milk into the glass and then handed it to Mary.
Tom poured himself a second cup of coffee.
Tom poured himself a glass of milk.
Tom pocketed the money Mary gave him.
Tom pleaded with Mary to stay.
Tom plays the guitar better than anyone else I know.
Tom plays baseball like a pro.
Tom played a few tunes on the piano.
Tom planted some flowers in his yard.
Tom planted some flower seeds in his garden.
Tom plans to go to college next year.
Tom plans to go on a vacation next week.
Tom plans to find out what's going on.
Tom plans to call you right after lunch.
Tom plans to be more careful in the future.
Tom planned to visit Mary the first chance he got.
Tom planned to talk to Mary the first chance he got.
Tom pedaled his bicycle as fast as he could.
Tom passed out because of the heat.
Tom passed away last night.
Tom passed away during the night.
Tom parked in the back of his office building.
Tom parked in one of the empty spaces in front of the library.
Tom parked in his usual spot.
Tom parked his car in front of a fire hydrant even though he knew he shouldn't.
Tom parked his car in an underground parking garage.
Tom parked his car and got out.
Tom parked behind Mary's car.
Tom parked behind his house.
Tom paid a lot of money for that guitar.
Tom owes Mary three hundred dollars.
Tom overheard Mary talking about him.
Tom ought to have known better.
Tom opened the windows to air out the room.
Tom opened the window a crack to let in a bit of fresh air.
Tom opened the trunk to get the spare tire.
Tom opened the trunk and found it empty.
Tom opened the medicine cabinet hoping to find some aspirin.
Tom only takes painkillers when he just can't stand the pain any longer.
Tom only speaks a little French.
Tom only sleeps about five hours a night.
Tom only reads paperback novels.
Tom only listens to punk rock.
Tom only had one pair of socks and they had holes in them.
Tom once ate at an cheap restaurant and got food poisoning, so now he is very careful about where he eats.
Tom omitted a couple of items from the list.
Tom often plays baseball with other boys in his neighborhood.
Tom often leaves dirty dishes in the sink.
Tom often forgets to use his turn signal.
Tom often drinks a little wine after dinner.
Tom often downloads movies.
Tom often brings his work home.
Tom now knows that what he said was the wrong thing to say.
Tom never wanted to talk about it.
Tom never thought he'd be able to do what he just did.
Tom never sings in public.
Tom never seems to have much to say.
Tom never said a word to me about it.
Tom never had an inkling that Mary and John were dating each other.
Tom never gets up early in the morning.
Tom never expects a straight answer from Mary.
Tom neglected his work.
Tom neglected his family.
Tom needs to improve his people skills.
Tom needs to remember this.
Tom needs time to think it over.
Tom needs a little more practice.
Tom needs a good lawyer.
Tom needed some cash.
Tom needed assistance.
Tom nearly had a heart attack when he saw Mary standing on the edge of the roof.
Tom must have spent a fortune.
Tom must have spent a fortune on his new house.
Tom must have pushed the wrong button.
Tom must have heard our voices and escaped.
Tom must have heard about what happened.
Tom must be proud of himself.
Tom moved a bit closer to Mary.
Tom met Mary a couple of years ago.
Tom may talk to Mary if he wants to.
Tom may take all the time he needs.
Tom may have to cancel the picnic.
Tom may have to cancel the party.
Tom may be a few minutes late.
Tom mashed the potatoes with a large fork.
Tom managed to finish writing his report in time.
Tom makes up stories all the time.
Tom makes about fifty phone calls a day.
Tom makes a lot of money translating menus for restaurants.
Tom made the same mistake again.
Tom made some extra money by renting one of his rooms to a college student.
Tom made no comment.
Tom made no attempt to hide the fact that he was in love with Mary.
Tom made no attempt to convince Mary that he was innocent.
Tom made me a cup of hot chocolate.
Tom made it quite clear why we had to have the job finished by 2:30.
Tom made it quite clear who we weren't supposed to talk to.
Tom made it quite clear what he wanted.
Tom made it quite clear what he needed.
Tom made it quite clear what he expected us to do.
Tom made it quite clear what he didn't want us to do.
Tom made his way through the crowd.
Tom made himself a cup of tea.
Tom made good money on that deal.
Tom made a promise to himself that he would never make the same mistake again.
Tom loved Mary, but she didn't love him back.
Tom loved his family very much.
Tom lost the race.
Tom lost the bet.
Tom lost his wallet.
Tom lost his umbrella.
Tom lost his sense of smell.
Tom lost his passport.
Tom lost his house key.
Tom lost his hearing.
Tom lost his glasses.
Tom lost his eyesight.
Tom lost his car key.
Tom lost a contact lens.
Tom looks like his father.
Tom looks like he's too tired to help us right now.
Tom looks like he's a bit tired.
Tom looks like a nervous wreck.
Tom looked out the window at the snow while he was sitting in the hot bath.
Tom looked like he'd slept in his clothes.
Tom looked for his first-aid kit, but couldn't find it.
Tom looked at the thermometer on his dashboard.
Tom looked at the man who had just come in.
Tom looked at the clock on the mantelpiece.
Tom looked as if he'd seen a ghost.
Tom locked the door after he entered his apartment.
Tom locked himself out of his room.
Tom locked himself in his room.
Tom locked himself in his room and won't come out.
Tom lives near a beach, so he goes swimming almost every day in the summer.
Tom lives on the other side of Boston.
Tom lives in Boston.
Tom lives in an apartment not far from my place.
Tom lives in a three-bedroom apartment in downtown Boston.
Tom lives in a small town where nobody locks their doors.
Tom lives in a quiet neighborhood.
Tom lives in a nursing home.
Tom lives alone in a small cabin near a waterfall.
Tom lived just off Route 19.
Tom lived in Australia for quite a few years.
Tom lived in a one-bedroom apartment.
Tom linked to my website from his blog.
Tom likes to take walks in the woods.
Tom likes to stay home and read books on weekends.
Tom likes to skipper small sailboats.
Tom likes to sit on the dock with his feet dangling in the water.
Tom likes to sit on the dock playing his tin whistle while looking at the sunset.
Tom likes to read English subtitles while watching movies in English.
Tom likes to push the limits.
Tom likes to go swimming in the summer.
Tom likes to do things by himself.
Tom likes things the way they are.
Tom likes sitting on the beach in the early morning.
Tom likes singing in the shower.
Tom likes Mary, but she doesn't like him.
Tom likes Mary just the way she is.
Tom likes Japanese food a lot.
Tom likes his spaghetti noodles a little on the hard side.
Tom likes hiking in the woods.
Tom likes eating raw oysters.
Tom liked beautiful women. He also liked expensive wine and fast sports cars.
Tom lied to you about having lived in Boston.
Tom lied to Mary about everything.
Tom lets Mary get away with almost anything.
Tom let the cat out of the bag.
Tom left the water running all night.
Tom left the TV on all night.
Tom left the lights on all night.
Tom left my bag at the hotel.
Tom left his wallet at home.
Tom left his umbrella on the train.
Tom left his keys on the table.
Tom left his briefcase on the subway.
Tom left for school at the break of dawn.
Tom leaned down for a closer look.
Tom lay awake for a long time wondering about what he should do.
Tom lay awake for a long time thinking about Mary.
Tom landed his helicopter on the roof.
Tom laid his keys on the kitchen table.
Tom laid all his cards on the table.
Tom knows where to draw the line.
Tom knows where Mary is staying.
Tom knows what's going to happen.
Tom knows what the problem is.
Tom knows what Mary's car looks like.
Tom knows what he's talking about.
Tom knows more about this kind of thing than Mary does.
Tom knows Mary's in love with John.
Tom knows Mary would never do such a thing.
Tom knows Mary lied.
Tom knows Mary can't resist chocolate ice cream.
Tom knows Mary and John are no longer together.
Tom knows how to ride a horse.
Tom knows how to cook spaghetti.
Tom knows he can always count on Mary.
Tom knows better than to throw rocks at the other children.
Tom knows better than to play with matches.
Tom knows better than to give his real name in chat rooms.
Tom knows better than to do that.
Tom knows all the tricks of the trade.
Tom knows a man whose daughter lives in Boston.
Tom knows a man who speaks French.
Tom knows a lot of stuff about Mary.
Tom knew who the killer was.
Tom knew who the kidnappers were.
Tom knew this was going to happen.
Tom knew that the story wasn't true.
Tom knew that something was on Mary's mind.
Tom knew that Mary wouldn't give up.
Tom knew that Mary wasn't friendly.
Tom knew that Mary kept a key under the doormat.
Tom knew that Mary could be very persuasive.
Tom knew nothing about it.
Tom knew nothing about cooking Chinese food.
Tom knew Mary wouldn't let him down.
Tom knew Mary wasn't happy.
Tom knew it was going to be tough to convince Mary to go to the hospital.
Tom knew it was going to be tough to convince Mary that she was too old to drive.
Tom knew he could count on Mary.
Tom knew a man whose father was a helicopter pilot during the Vietnam War.
Tom kicked the ball really hard.
Tom kept walking until he was too tired to take even one more step.
Tom kept Mary waiting for an hour.
Tom kept Mary waiting for about three hours.
Tom kept his mouth shut.
Tom kept his mouth shut and didn't tell anyone what had happened.
Tom kept his gun pointed at Mary and told her not to move.
Tom kept his end of the bargain.
Tom keeps telling everyone how rich he is.
Tom keeps telling everyone how busy he is.
Tom keeps his tools in the garage.
Tom keeps his tools in a toolbox.
Tom keeps his doors locked at night.
Tom keeps encouraging Mary to do things on her own.
Tom keeps a change of clothes in his office.
Tom just wanted to let Mary know that he wouldn't be able to attend her party.
Tom just wanted some peace and quiet.
Tom just took a chance and called Mary to ask her out.
Tom just sat around and did nothing.
Tom just packed up and left.
Tom just had to accept things the way they were.
Tom just got up and left.
Tom just got home from work.
Tom just got back from work.
Tom just doesn't know what to do.
Tom just couldn't say no to an offer that good.
Tom isn't very good at playing the devil's advocate.
Tom isn't very good at concealing the way he really feels.
Tom isn't very good at concealing his feelings.
Tom isn't used to riding a motorcycle.
Tom isn't used to driving a left-hand drive car.
Tom isn't the type of person who gossips.
Tom isn't the kind of person who is intimidated by anyone or anything.
Tom isn't so gullible.
Tom isn't religious.
Tom isn't quite himself today.
Tom isn't old enough to go to school.
Tom isn't listed in the phone book.
Tom isn't home.
Tom isn't good at telling jokes.
Tom isn't currently working anywhere.
Tom isn't currently in prison.
Tom isn't currently collecting unemployment benefits.
Tom isn't at home.
Tom isn't as rich as people think he is.
Tom isn't as happy as he seems to be.
Tom isn't as bad as Mary thinks he is.
Tom isn't anything like Mary.
Tom isn't able to always brush his teeth after meals.
Tom is worried because he should have heard from Mary by now.
Tom is willing to help us again this time.
Tom is very sleepy and can hardly keep his eyes open.
Tom is very picky about what he eats.
Tom is very perceptive.
Tom is very interested in American history.
Tom is very generous with his time.
Tom is very easy to work with.
Tom is very difficult to deal with.
Tom is very conservative.
Tom is very capable.
Tom is used to making quick decisions.
Tom is up to his ears in debt.
Tom is up for promotion.
Tom is unwilling to accept the fact that he needs help when translating.
Tom is trying to learn a few card tricks.
Tom is too young to peel an apple.
Tom is the smartest man I know.
Tom is the right person for the job.
Tom is the richest man I know.
Tom is the only person who paid on time.
Tom is the most popular boy at school.
Tom is the kind of person who always has to have the last word.
Tom is the fattest man I know.
Tom is the best-looking man I know.
Tom is the best student in our class.
Tom is the best employee we've ever had.
Tom is teaching us French.
Tom is taking good care of himself.
Tom is stingy.
Tom is still young and inexperienced.
Tom is still wet behind the ears.
Tom is so fat he needs two seats on an airplane.
Tom is so fat he can hardly walk.
Tom is saving money for college.
Tom is really interested in Greek mythology.
Tom is really in love with Mary.
Tom is quite often late.
Tom is quite obstinate.
Tom is proud of his son.
Tom is probably with Mary right now.
Tom is probably just a year or two younger than Mary.
Tom is perfectly capable of taking care of himself.
Tom is perfect for the job.
Tom is particular about what he wears.
Tom is particular about what he watches on TV.
Tom is particular about what he eats.
Tom is out.
Tom is opposed to the plan.
Tom is on the board of directors.
Tom is on death row.
Tom is often snockered by 10:a.m.
Tom is now cramming for the finals.
Tom is moving in with John next week.
Tom is more handsome than I expected.
Tom is Mary's stepson.
Tom is Mary's stepfather.
Tom is looking forward to taking some time off.
Tom is looking for an easy way to lose weight.
Tom is looking for a way to save money.
Tom is living with his parents.
Tom is like a member of our family.
Tom is just an average-looking guy.
Tom is just a friend, not my boyfriend.
Tom is in the kitchen making tea.
Tom is honest and expects other people to be honest, too.
Tom is his own biggest enemy.
Tom is hesitant to visit Mary in the hospital.
Tom is having trouble dealing with the fact that his father was a mass murderer.
Tom is having trouble coping with the high cost of living.
Tom is happy when he is with Mary.
Tom is happier now that Mary has left.
Tom is going to break up with Mary.
Tom is going steady with Mary.
Tom is going abroad next year.
Tom is glad he isn't in your shoes.
Tom is extremely busy today.
Tom is doing much better than before.
Tom is doing everything within his power to improve the patients' quality of life.
Tom is carrying a violin under his arm.
Tom is apparently some kind of genius when it comes to music.
Tom is an extremely good-looking man.
Tom is an authority on the subject.
Tom is able to buy many things he needs at a local discount store.
Tom is a worse liar than Mary.
Tom is a very good friend of mine.
Tom is a very close friend of mine.
Tom is a very capable teacher.
Tom is a stranger in this town.
Tom is a sensitive child.
Tom is a retired air force major.
Tom is a promising young musician.
Tom is a picky eater.
Tom is a nervous wreck.
Tom is a millionaire several times over.
Tom is a hypocrite.
Tom is a good-looking guy, but he's not too friendly.
Tom is a good story teller.
Tom is a good neighbor.
Tom is a friend of a friend.
Tom is a freelance computer programmer.
Tom is a fitness fanatic.
Tom is a failure as a father.
Tom is a couple of inches taller than Mary.
Tom is a complete failure as a father.
Tom is a close relative of mine.
Tom is a close friend of mine.
Tom is a bit conceited.
Tom invited me to go out on his motorboat.
Tom introduced his stepson to Mary's stepdaughter.
Tom introduced himself as Mary's ex-husband.
Tom intends to go, rain or shine.
Tom intends to go regardless of the weather.
Tom intends to go no matter what.
Tom immediately began talking.
Tom hurt his leg and can barely walk.
Tom hurried back into the house.
Tom hung his jacket in the hall closet.
Tom hung his head in shame.
Tom hung his coat in the closet.
Tom hung a calendar on the wall.
Tom hopes what Mary said is true.
Tom hopes to get the results by Thursday.
Tom hopes to get the job done by 2:30.
Tom hopes Mary doesn't get arrested by the police.
Tom hopes Mary doesn't end up in jail.
Tom hopes Mary can come over to his house this afternoon.
Tom hopes it won't snow tomorrow.
Tom hopes it won't rain tomorrow.
Tom hopes it won't be cloudy tomorrow.
Tom hopes he won't be eating leftovers again tonight.
Tom hopes he doesn't become a workaholic like his father.
Tom hid himself under the bed.
Tom helps Mary, but she doesn't help him.
Tom held his breath for a moment.
Tom heated up some leftovers for dinner.
Tom heard this from Mary.
Tom heard the front door slam.
Tom heard Mary's scream.
Tom heard Mary was in the hospital.
Tom heard Mary was a good teacher.
Tom heard Mary just had a baby girl.
Tom heard a rumor that Mary had been arrested.
Tom has never gone rafting down a river.
Tom hates parents who don't control their bratty children.
Tom hates it when Mary asks him to explain the same thing more than once.
Tom hates driving on icy roads.
Tom hated the shoes that Mary was wearing.
Tom hated the idea of leaving Mary alone, but he had to go to work.
Tom hated Mary. He really did.
Tom hasn't washed his hair for two weeks.
Tom hasn't updated the antivirus software on his computer in a long time.
Tom hasn't talked to Mary in years.
Tom hasn't smoked since he was old enough to legally smoke.
Tom hasn't seen Mary since they got divorced.
Tom hasn't seen Mary since then.
Tom hasn't seen Mary in years.
Tom hasn't seen Mary in ages.
Tom hasn't seen Mary in a while.
Tom hasn't said a word all evening.
Tom hasn't played the guitar for years.
Tom hasn't played mahjong in ages.
Tom hasn't painted for years.
Tom hasn't missed any of Mary's concerts.
Tom hasn't missed a single meeting.
Tom hasn't missed a single class.
Tom hasn't had any other girlfriends since Mary.
Tom hasn't done any work.
Tom hasn't come up with a good answer to the problem yet.
Tom hasn't changed his mind and probably never will.
Tom hasn't been very well recently.
Tom hasn't been married long.
Tom hasn't been living here long.
Tom hasn't been in Boston long.
Tom hasn't been here long.
Tom hasn't been bartending long.
Tom hasn't been around much.
Tom hasn't been all that successful.
Tom hasn't been able to get a hold of Mary, even though he's been trying to call her all week.
Tom hasn't been a teacher long.
Tom has written many magazine articles on whales.
Tom has what it takes to succeed.
Tom has what it takes to be successful.
Tom has what it takes to be a good teacher.
Tom has welshed on the agreement.
Tom has trouble standing on one leg.
Tom has trouble dealing with verbal abuse.
Tom has trouble budgeting his time.
Tom has traveled around the world.
Tom has told me that same joke more than ten times.
Tom has to work harder than he used to to make ends meet.
Tom has to leave in a few minutes.
Tom has to have everything his own way.
Tom has to go to court tomorrow.
Tom has to get ready for work.
Tom has to buy some food.
Tom has time to spare.
Tom has thin lips.
Tom has the habit of biting his nails.
Tom has the gift of gab.
Tom has the bad habit of jumping to conclusions.
Tom has something to say to you.
Tom has something on his face.
Tom has something in his right hand.
Tom has something hidden behind his back.
Tom has something he can't wait to show you.
Tom has some very radical ideas.
Tom has some things to take care of.
Tom has some problems to deal with.
Tom has some money stashed away.
Tom has some matters to take care of.
Tom has some clothes that need to be washed.
Tom has recently changed his telephone number.
Tom has recently been learning how to sing a lot of new songs.
Tom has quite a temper.
Tom has only one more night in Boston.
Tom has one foot in the grave.
Tom has nothing to be ashamed of.
Tom has no idea what Mary is thinking.
Tom has nobody to turn to for help.
Tom has nobody to turn to for advice.
Tom has no sense of direction.
Tom has no reason not to trust Mary.
Tom has no reason not to go.
Tom has no qualms about stealing other people's food.
Tom has no plans to go anywhere.
Tom has no intention of going to Mary's wedding.
Tom has no desire to study French.
Tom has no choice in this matter.
Tom has next to nothing in his wallet.
Tom has never visited an Islamic country.
Tom has never seen Mary so angry.
Tom has never seen Mary smile.
Tom has never said such a thing.
Tom has never lived in Boston.
Tom has never kissed Mary.
Tom has never bought frozen apples.
Tom has never been intimidated by anyone or anything.
Tom has never been in a house like Mary's.
Tom has never been in a car like the one Mary owns.
Tom has never been absent from school.
Tom has much more experience than Mary does.
Tom has more than three hundred employees.
Tom has more money than I do.
Tom has more money than he can spend.
Tom has money to spare.
Tom has many things to give away.
Tom has lots of time to do anything he wants.
Tom has lost some weight.
Tom has lost interest in watching TV.
Tom has lived in Boston since then.
Tom has lived in Boston since he was born.
Tom has lived in Boston since last summer.
Tom has known Mary since childhood.
Tom has just installed an alarm system in his house.
Tom has just been released from prison.
Tom has had his leg in a cast for a few weeks now.
Tom has had enough of Mary's complaints.
Tom has had a bad week.
Tom has gotten better at playing the clarinet since I last heard him play.
Tom has gone crazy.
Tom has friends in influential places.
Tom has found a job.
Tom has fond memories of Mary.
Tom has far more experience than Mary.
Tom has enough money to buy any computer in this store. He just needs to decide which one.
Tom has done nothing to be ashamed of.
Tom has difficulty making decisions.
Tom has developed a new system for learning English.
Tom has decided to sell his house.
Tom has changed an awful lot.
Tom has changed a lot since high school.
Tom has been working as a translator ever since he graduated from college.
Tom has been waiting three hours now.
Tom has been trying to learn how to juggle.
Tom has been trying to learn how to brew the perfect cup of coffee.
Tom has been to this park with Mary at least a dozen times.
Tom has been to Boston several times.
Tom has been to Boston a number of times.
Tom has been teaching us French.
Tom has been teaching us French for the past four years.
Tom has been sick in bed for a long time.
Tom has been sick a lot recently.
Tom has been married three times.
Tom has been living alone since Mary died.
Tom has been living abroad for a very long time.
Tom has been in movies and on TV.
Tom has been hunting for a job since he lost his previous job last year.
Tom has been having trouble sleeping recently.
Tom has been growing a beard all summer.
Tom has bad table manners.
Tom has bad breath.
Tom has athlete's foot.
Tom has as much right to be here as Mary does.
Tom has another half an hour of work to do before he can go home.
Tom has an unlisted phone number.
Tom has an overbite.
Tom has an inferiority complex.
Tom has an important decision to make before next Monday.
Tom has already signed up for that class.
Tom has already made up his mind.
Tom has already finished the work that he needed to do.
Tom has already finished his lunch.
Tom has already delivered the package to Mary's house.
Tom has actually never been to Boston.
Tom has a wide circle of friends.
Tom has a whole pile of unpaid parking tickets.
Tom has a way with words.
Tom has a vivid imagination.
Tom has a very stressful job.
Tom has a very bad reputation around town.
Tom has a strong sense of duty.
Tom has a strange sense of humor.
Tom has a split personality.
Tom has a special place in my heart.
Tom has a solution for everything.
Tom has a small cabin on the lakefront.
Tom has a sister named Mary.
Tom has a reservation at this hotel.
Tom has a reputation of never listening to anybody's advice.
Tom has a reputation of never letting anyone else say anything.
Tom has a reputation of never getting things done on time.
Tom has a pretty good idea why Mary isn't here now.
Tom has a pretty good idea who stole his trumpet.
Tom has a pretty good idea who painted graffiti on his wall.
Tom has a pretty good idea who burned his house down.
Tom has a pretty good idea where Mary might be now.
Tom has a pierced ear.
Tom has a picture of Mary in his wallet.
Tom has a party two or three times a year.
Tom has a nasty cut on his leg.
Tom has a lunch date with Mary.
Tom has a lot of work to do this week.
Tom has a lot of stamina.
Tom has a lot of projects in the works.
Tom has a lot of people to see tomorrow morning.
Tom has a lot of experience.
Tom has a long drive ahead of him.
Tom has a large closet in his bedroom.
Tom has a house with a pool.
Tom has a healthy lifestyle.
Tom has a headache.
Tom has a hard time believing anything Mary says.
Tom has a good reason for not telling Mary what she wants to know.
Tom has a good reason for being absent today.
Tom has a good reason for avoiding Mary.
Tom has a good point.
Tom has a good head for numbers.
Tom has a funny way of saying things.
Tom has a few more things to do before he can leave.
Tom has a drawer full of USB cables.
Tom has a dark complexion.
Tom has a criminal record.
Tom has a cousin named Mary.
Tom has a close relationship with Mary.
Tom hardly ever watches TV.
Tom hardly ever studies after 10:p.m.
Tom hardly ever listens to the radio.
Tom handed the contract to Mary.
Tom handed the bowl of buttered popcorn to Mary.
Tom handed Mary an energy drink.
Tom handed Mary a beer.
Tom handed in his report.
Tom hailed a cab.
Tom hadn't thought about Mary for days.
Tom hadn't expected Mary to come so early in the morning.
Tom hadn't been prepared for that.
Tom had what looked like a gin and tonic in his hand.
Tom had trouble thinking straight.
Tom had trouble resolving the situation.
Tom had trouble remembering what Mary looked like.
Tom had trouble making friends.
Tom had trouble getting online.
Tom had to write the report all over again.
Tom had to take a detour.
Tom had to stay in the hospital for three weeks.
Tom had to run to catch the bus.
Tom had to run an errand.
Tom had to go to the hospital.
Tom had to go back to Boston.
Tom had to go back the way he'd come.
Tom had to get a cholera shot.
Tom had to do everything himself.
Tom had to admit that Mary was right.
Tom had the whole room to himself.
Tom had the whole campsite to himself.
Tom had the munchies, but since there was nothing in the house to eat, he went to the convenience store not too far from where he lived.
Tom had something he wanted to show Mary.
Tom had something he wanted to say. However, he couldn't fit a word in edgewise.
Tom had something else in mind.
Tom had some very unusual experiences.
Tom had some tricks up his sleeve.
Tom had some really painful memories.
Tom had some problems dealing with Mary.
Tom had several photos of Mary that John had given him.
Tom had several photos of Mary taken with a telephoto lens.
Tom had several photos of Mary hanging on his wall.
Tom had seen Mary with John on more than one occasion before and finally figured out that they were seeing each other.
Tom had plenty of chances to apologize, but he didn't.
Tom had only one chance to get things right.
Tom had nothing to say.
Tom had nothing to eat yesterday.
Tom had nothing to drink yesterday.
Tom had nothing to do, so he went home.
Tom had nothing to do yesterday.
Tom had nothing to do with the theft.
Tom had nothing to do with the kidnapping.
Tom had nothing to do with getting Mary fired.
Tom had no way of knowing that this would happen.
Tom had no way of knowing that the dam wouldn't hold.
Tom had no time to catch his breath.
Tom had no right to do what he did.
Tom had no reason to suspect that Mary was lying.
Tom had no qualms at all about speaking in front of such a large audience.
Tom had no qualms about telling everybody what he thought.
Tom had no qualms about lying.
Tom had no qualms about cheating on the test.
Tom had no options left.
Tom had no one else to turn to.
Tom had no intention of quitting.
Tom had no intention of going there by himself.
Tom had no intention of giving up.
Tom had no intention of giving Mary any money.
Tom had no idea what was going to happen.
Tom had no idea what to do.
Tom had no idea Mary was sick.
Tom had no choice except to accept the consequences.
Tom had no choice but to quit his job.
Tom had no choice but to pay the fine.
Tom had never seen Mary so happy.
Tom had never seen Mary so furious.
Tom had never even heard of that band at that time.
Tom had never before seen Mary with her hair down.
Tom had little formal education.
Tom had lamb chops, potatoes and mushroom soup for dinner.
Tom had jet lag.
Tom had hoped that Mary might consider having dinner with him.
Tom had hoped that he would win the lottery.
Tom had his wisdom teeth taken out by a twenty-four year old dentist.
Tom had his rent money in the wallet he lost.
Tom had his house painted last summer.
Tom had his homework all done by the time his mother got home.
Tom had his hair cut yesterday.
Tom had his fortune told.
Tom had his chauffeur drive Mary to the airport.
Tom had his car stolen last month.
Tom had his car key in his left hand.
Tom had his blood pressure taken.
Tom had heard nothing about the accident.
Tom had good reason to be angry.
Tom had drunk too much coffee so he couldn't sleep.
Tom had been in the wrong place at the wrong time.
Tom had an upset stomach.
Tom had always wanted to climb Mt. Fuji, but until now, had not found the time to do so.
Tom had all of his suits made to order.
Tom had a wonderful time in Boston.
Tom had a very good time.
Tom had a tough week.
Tom had a splinter in his finger, so he asked Mary to help him get it out.
Tom had a share in the profits.
Tom had a scared look on his face.
Tom had a run-in with his boss.
Tom had a rough time last year.
Tom had a queasy feeling in the pit of his stomach.
Tom had a narrow escape from death.
Tom had a lot of respect for Mary.
Tom had a lot of problems at the school.
Tom had a lot of catching up to do.
Tom had a little trouble finding Mary's house.
Tom had a little trouble adjusting the settings.
Tom had a job interview this morning.
Tom had a hunch that Mary was seeing someone else.
Tom had a hunch that Mary was lying.
Tom had a hunch that Mary had spent the day reading comic books.
Tom had a heart tattooed on his arm.
Tom had a heart attack.
Tom had a heart attack last year.
Tom had a hard time raising enough money build the orphanage he'd promised to build.
Tom had a hard time learning how to ride a bicycle.
Tom had a hard time finding work.
Tom had a hard time finding a taxi.
Tom had a good time in Boston.
Tom had a good time at the party.
Tom had a good reason for not going.
Tom had a girlfriend named Mary.
Tom had a date with Mary last night.
Tom had a crush on Mary when he was in junior high school.
Tom had a big fight with Mary.
Tom had a bad dream.
Tom had a bad day.
Tom grows all the vegetables he eats.
Tom grew up speaking both English and French.
Tom grew up in an orphanage.
Tom grew up in a foster home.
Tom grew up around here.
Tom grew to like Mary more and more.
Tom graduated near the top of his class.
Tom graduated from high school in 2009.
Tom graduated from a very elite university.
Tom got used to living in Boston even though he'd grown up in a small town.
Tom got used to ignoring the noise.
Tom got up just before dawn this morning.
Tom got to the airport with only a few minutes to spare.
Tom got to the airport just in the nick of time.
Tom got tired of listening to the kind of music Mary liked.
Tom got there just in the nick of time.
Tom got the job he wanted.
Tom got the ax.
Tom got talked into helping Mary move.
Tom got taken.
Tom got taken to the cleaners.
Tom got sunburned.
Tom got stuck in traffic.
Tom got stuck in a traffic jam.
Tom got straight A's.
Tom got stage fright.
Tom got stabbed in the arm.
Tom got some chewing gum stuck on the bottom of his shoe.
Tom got soap in his eyes.
Tom got sidetracked.
Tom got sick.
Tom got shot.
Tom got shot in the leg.
Tom got shot in the back.
Tom got shot at.
Tom got scolded by the teacher.
Tom got robbed.
Tom got ripped off.
Tom got rid of his old car.
Tom got rid of his old books.
Tom got promoted recently.
Tom got over his cold.
Tom got out of the way.
Tom got out of the hospital.
Tom got out of the bathtub.
Tom got out of prison after years.
Tom got out of cleaning the bathroom.
Tom got out of bed.
Tom got on the elevator.
Tom got on the bus.
Tom got off the plane.
Tom got off the elevator.
Tom got off the bus.
Tom got Mary to take out the garbage.
Tom got Mary to take him to the zoo.
Tom got Mary out of trouble.
Tom got Mary out of a mess.
Tom got lost.
Tom got locked out of his dormitory.
Tom got kicked out of the bar last night.
Tom got kicked out of school.
Tom got into the driver's seat and drove off.
Tom got into bed.
Tom got in the bathtub.
Tom got hurt.
Tom got hit with a golf ball.
Tom got hit by a truck.
Tom got his way.
Tom got his suit altered.
Tom got here an hour before Mary.
Tom got good at tennis.
Tom got good at singing.
Tom got good at programming in JavaScript.
Tom got expelled from school.
Tom got dressed quickly.
Tom got depressed.
Tom got caught speeding.
Tom got caught in a traffic jam.
Tom got burned.
Tom got beaten up.
Tom got back together with Mary.
Tom got angry.
Tom got an A in French.
Tom got a ticket for speeding.
Tom got a tattoo.
Tom got a tan.
Tom got a suntan.
Tom got a speeding ticket.
Tom got a raise.
Tom got a promotion.
Tom got a perfect score.
Tom got a parking ticket yesterday afternoon.
Tom got a little carried away.
Tom got a letter from Mary today.
Tom got a late start this morning.
Tom got a kick out of the way Mary told the story.
Tom got a haircut.
Tom got a good night's sleep.
Tom got a decent grade on the test he took last week.
Tom goes to the local gym to work out.
Tom goes to the barber less than four times a year.
Tom goes to Boston every once in a while.
Tom goes to bed early.
Tom goes to bed at the same time every night.
Tom goes to bed after midnight.
Tom goes jogging every morning, rain or shine.
Tom goes along with whatever Mary says.
Tom gets up at the same time every morning.
Tom gets to do anything he wants to do.
Tom gets tired easily.
Tom gets on my nerves.
Tom gets off work at 5:00.
Tom gets home after 10:p.m. every day except Sunday.
Tom gets drunk almost every evening.
Tom gets business advice from Mary and John.
Tom gets angry easily.
Tom gets along fine with Mary's stepfather.
Tom gets along fine with Mary.
Tom generally takes the bus to work.
Tom gave Mary up for dead.
Tom gave Mary the cold shoulder.
Tom gave Mary the benefit of the doubt.
Tom gave Mary some flowers he'd picked.
Tom gave Mary more credit than she deserved.
Tom gave Mary moral support.
Tom gave Mary an engagement ring.
Tom gave Mary a week to think it over.
Tom gave Mary a piece of his mind.
Tom gave Mary a pat on the shoulder.
Tom gave Mary a message.
Tom gave Mary a lift to work.
Tom gave Mary a lift back to her place.
Tom gave Mary a kiss on the cheek.
Tom gave Mary a bad time yesterday.
Tom gave his dog a bath.
Tom gave a speech.
Tom gave a lot of suggestions, but I didn't like any of them.
Tom gave a lot of his old clothes to a homeless man that he met recently.
Tom gained weight over the winter.
Tom frequently waits until the last minute to pay his bills.
Tom found this clock at a garage sale.
Tom found the treasure at the bottom of the lake.
Tom found out Mary was stealing from the cash register.
Tom found out later that the woman he met in the park was Mary.
Tom found Mary fun to talk to.
Tom found it very difficult to breathe.
Tom found it pretty enjoyable just to sit in the sun and listen to music.
Tom found it hard to make a living as a street musician.
Tom found it hard to believe that Mary didn't like him at all.
Tom found it difficult to understand Mary.
Tom found a place where he could play golf for free.
Tom found a picture of Mary and John.
Tom found a part-time job near his home.
Tom found a job that he likes.
Tom found a hundred dollar bill on the street.
Tom found a gun near the garbage can.
Tom found a good restaurant not too far from our campus.
Tom found a few good deals at the flea market.
Tom fought with all his might.
Tom forgot where he put his glasses.
Tom forgot where he put his cell phone.
Tom forgot where he left his umbrella.
Tom forgot to turn off the stove.
Tom forgot to tell Mary what he had planned to tell her.
Tom forgot to sign the check.
Tom forgot to send Mary a Christmas card.
Tom forgot to lock the front door.
Tom forgot to lock his car.
Tom forgot to file his taxes.
Tom forgot to feed his dog.
Tom forgot to do what he was supposed to do.
Tom forgot to bring his camera.
Tom forgot to ask Mary the question that John had asked him to ask.
Tom forgot his appointment.
Tom followed the stream for a couple of kilometers.
Tom followed Mary's instructions.
Tom followed his instincts.
Tom folded the paper before handing it to Mary.
Tom folded his clothes and put them in his suitcase.
Tom flosses his teeth at least three times a week.
Tom floated down the river on a raft.
Tom flipped through the pages of the magazine.
Tom flipped on the dining room light.
Tom flew in from Boston that night.
Tom fixed the roof of his house just yesterday.
Tom fixed the leaky faucet.
Tom first came to Japan when he was three years old.
Tom first came to Boston three years ago.
Tom finished reading that book in one night.
Tom finished off the ice cream that was in the freezer.
Tom finished eating all the ice cream that was in the freezer.
Tom finished cleaning the kitchen and then started cleaning the living room.
Tom finds it really frustrating.
Tom finds it difficult to read small print.
Tom finally solved the puzzle.
Tom filled the wheelbarrow with sand.
Tom filled the sink with water.
Tom filled the bucket with cold water.
Tom filled the bathtub with hot water.
Tom filled the room with cardboard boxes.
Tom filled out the job application form.
Tom filled the box with food.
Tom felt very lonely.
Tom felt uneasy talking to Mary about that matter.
Tom felt that he needed to explain why he was late.
Tom felt that he deserved an explanation.
Tom felt someone touch his arm.
Tom felt someone tap him on the shoulder.
Tom felt responsible for Mary's accident.
Tom felt remorse for what he had done.
Tom felt relieved.
Tom felt persecuted.
Tom felt Mary wasn't being sincere.
Tom felt like he was in over his head.
Tom felt like he could do anything.
Tom felt like going home and left without saying goodbye to anyone.
Tom felt like getting drunk.
Tom felt like a new man.
Tom felt like a million bucks.
Tom felt guilty.
Tom felt great.
Tom felt frustrated.
Tom felt foolish.
Tom felt exhausted after chopping wood all afternoon.
Tom felt confused.
Tom felt comfortable inside his sleeping bag.
Tom felt all alone.
Tom felt a little woozy.
Tom felt a little light-headed.
Tom felt a little dizzy.
Tom felt a cold coming on.
Tom fell off his bicycle.
Tom fell down.
Tom fell down the stairs.
Tom fell asleep with his clothes on.
Tom fell asleep watching TV.
Tom feels very strongly about this.
Tom feels sorry for Mary.
Tom feels exactly the same way as Mary does.
Tom feels a bit under the weather today.
Tom feels a little better after taking the medicine that the doctor prescribed.
Tom feeds table scraps to his dog.
Tom feeds his dog twice a day.
Tom fed the neighbor's cat while they were away.
Tom fastened his seatbelt.
Tom fanned himself with his notebook.
Tom falls in love with every woman he meets.
Tom failed to heed warning signs.
Tom failed English last semester.
Tom faces a dilemma.
Tom explored every possibility.
Tom explained why he was late.
Tom explained the system to Mary.
Tom explained the situation to Mary.
Tom explained the schedule to Mary.
Tom explained the reasons for his decision.
Tom explained the reason he was late to Mary.
Tom explained the purpose of the project to Mary.
Tom explained the project to Mary.
Tom explained the plan to Mary.
Tom explained the circumstances to Mary.
Tom explained it to Mary very carefully.
Tom explained how the system worked.
Tom explained how the ambush would work.
Tom explained everything to Mary.
Tom explained everything that had happened.
Tom expects too much of Mary.
Tom expects to finish the report by next week.
Tom expects Mary to obey him.
Tom expected this to happen.
Tom expected it to cost a lot more.
Tom expected at least a ten percent return on his investment.
Tom eventually found a job that he liked.
Tom eventually figured out how to install a free database application on his computer.
Tom eventually broke down and confessed.
Tom even looked behind the door.
Tom even likes cold pizza.
Tom especially likes going to Italian restaurants.
Tom escaped by the skin of his teeth.
Tom entered the room with his gun drawn.
Tom enlisted in the army when he was year old.
Tom enjoys skydiving and scuba diving.
Tom enjoys a glass of wine every now and then.
Tom enjoyed looking at the paintings hanging on Mary's wall.
Tom ended up marrying Mary after all.
Tom ended up becoming the owner of the company.
Tom encouraged Mary to leave right away.
Tom encouraged Mary to buy a hybrid car.
Tom emptied the water out of the bottle before he refilled it with fresh water.
Tom elbowed his way through the crowd.
Tom eats, sleeps and breathes music.
Tom eats, sleeps and breathes baseball.
Tom eats too much.
Tom eats too much junk food.
Tom eats rice at least once a day.
Tom eats only what he wants to eat.
Tom eats at least three bowls of rice every day.
Tom eats anything Mary puts in front of him.
Tom easily learned the basic rules of the game.
Tom earns three hundred dollars an hour.
Tom dug a hole in his front yard.
Tom drove Mary all over the place.
Tom drove his car off a cliff.
Tom drove his car off a bridge.
Tom dropped out of the tournament.
Tom dropped out of the competition.
Tom dropped out of school.
Tom dropped Mary off at school.
Tom dropped in on Mary last night.
Tom dropped a coin into the beggar's cup.
Tom drives safely.
Tom drives me nuts.
Tom drives like a maniac.
Tom drives a Toyota.
Tom drives a Ford.
Tom drives a BMW.
Tom drives his car to work every day.
Tom drinks more than anyone else I know.
Tom drinks every day.
Tom drinks a lot.
Tom drinks a little.
Tom drifted in and out of sleep.
Tom drifted in and out of a coma.
Tom dried the dishes.
Tom dried his face with a towel.
Tom dressed up as Santa Claus.
Tom dreams of Mary from time to time.
Tom dreamed of becoming a rock star.
Tom dreads going to work tomorrow.
Tom drank too much.
Tom drank Mary under the table.
Tom drank a second cup of coffee and ate another doughnut.
Tom drank a cup of decaf after dinner.
Tom dozed off during the meeting.
Tom doubts what happened today will ever happen again.
Tom doubts Mary's story is true.
Tom doubts if Mary will come tomorrow.
Tom doubts if Mary will come today.
Tom doubted that Mary would call back.
Tom doubled his investment in a year.
Tom donates half his salary to his favorite charity.
Tom doesn't yet know exactly when he'll leave.
Tom doesn't wear pajamas. He sleeps in the nude.
Tom doesn't watch TV very much nowadays.
Tom doesn't want to wear out his welcome.
Tom doesn't want to talk to Mary.
Tom doesn't want to talk about his private life.
Tom doesn't want to take part in the ceremony.
Tom doesn't want to take any chances.
Tom doesn't want to study French, but he has to.
Tom doesn't want to spend the rest of his life in jail.
Tom doesn't want to spend more than $for a used motorcycle.
Tom doesn't want to see Mary get hurt.
Tom doesn't want to lose Mary.
Tom doesn't want to look foolish.
Tom doesn't want to lie to Mary.
Tom doesn't want to let Mary go.
Tom doesn't want to let Mary down.
Tom doesn't want to go home.
Tom doesn't want to ever leave Boston.
Tom doesn't want to ever do that again.
Tom doesn't want to do anything but watch TV.
Tom doesn't want to do anything but swim.
Tom doesn't want to clean his room.
Tom doesn't want to break up with Mary.
Tom doesn't want to be involved.
Tom doesn't want to be disappointed.
Tom doesn't want to be around Mary.
Tom doesn't want to argue with you.
Tom doesn't want to argue with Mary.
Tom doesn't want to appear weak.
Tom doesn't want the truth to come out.
Tom doesn't want the same thing to happen here.
Tom doesn't want the same thing to happen again.
Tom doesn't want pity.
Tom doesn't want Mary to go.
Tom doesn't want Mary to get too excited.
Tom doesn't want Mary to get involved.
Tom doesn't want Mary to do what he did.
Tom doesn't want Mary butting in.
Tom doesn't want his son to turn out like me.
Tom doesn't want his picture taken.
Tom doesn't want anything to eat.
Tom doesn't want any trouble.
Tom doesn't want any part of this.
Tom doesn't want a ukulele made of plastic.
Tom doesn't use sunscreen.
Tom doesn't use rinse. He only uses shampoo.
Tom doesn't understand what's going on.
Tom doesn't understand why we're doing this.
Tom doesn't understand what you're talking about.
Tom doesn't understand what you're saying.
Tom doesn't understand what you're driving at.
Tom doesn't understand what you want.
Tom doesn't understand what you said.
Tom doesn't understand the value of saving.
Tom doesn't understand the situation.
Tom doesn't understand that at all.
Tom doesn't understand how that could have happened.
Tom doesn't understand how Mary feels.
Tom doesn't understand how a computer works.
Tom doesn't understand French very well.
Tom doesn't understand any French.
Tom doesn't understand a thing.
Tom doesn't trust what anyone says.
Tom doesn't trust Mary with his children.
Tom doesn't trust Mary with his car.
Tom doesn't trust anyone.
Tom doesn't trust a thing Mary says.
Tom doesn't think you understand me.
Tom doesn't think we can pull this off.
Tom doesn't think this makes any sense.
Tom doesn't think this is such a good idea.
Tom doesn't think this is a coincidence.
Tom doesn't think that's going to happen.
Tom doesn't think that would be the right thing to do.
Tom doesn't think that would be good.
Tom doesn't think that will ever happen.
Tom doesn't think that will do any good.
Tom doesn't think that he needs to use deodorant.
Tom doesn't think that he has anything to do with the matter.
Tom doesn't think Mary's plan is feasible.
Tom doesn't think Mary's French pronunciation is very good.
Tom doesn't think Mary would do what you said she did.
Tom doesn't think Mary should drive home since she's been drinking.
Tom doesn't think Mary is cut out to be a teacher.
Tom doesn't think Mary can live without him.
Tom doesn't think it's such a big problem.
Tom doesn't think it's such a big deal.
Tom doesn't think it's a very good idea to go skinny dipping.
Tom doesn't think it was Mary's fault.
Tom doesn't think it was his fault.
Tom doesn't think I'm interested in what he does.
Tom doesn't think he's ever met you.
Tom doesn't think he's ever met Mary.
Tom doesn't think he is up to the job.
Tom doesn't think he has the time to help you today.
Tom doesn't think he did anything wrong.
Tom doesn't think he can make the deadline.
Tom doesn't think anything bad is ever going to happen.
Tom doesn't talk much.
Tom doesn't talk much about when he was young.
Tom doesn't take his job very seriously.
Tom doesn't spend much time thinking about money.
Tom doesn't spend much time studying.
Tom doesn't spend much time in Boston.
Tom doesn't speak any French.
Tom doesn't sound happy.
Tom doesn't sound convinced.
Tom doesn't seem to have any self-confidence.
Tom doesn't seem to have any luck at all.
Tom doesn't see why Mary needs a new bicycle.
Tom doesn't see anything wrong with letting Mary learn to drive.
Tom doesn't see any reason why he has to go.
Tom doesn't see any reason why he can't go, too.
Tom doesn't remember too much about what happened that day.
Tom doesn't remember the last time he saw Mary.
Tom doesn't remember his password.
Tom doesn't remember doing what everybody says he did.
Tom doesn't really talk about his problems much.
Tom doesn't really seem to understand how to run meetings.
Tom doesn't really listen when Mary is talking to him.
Tom doesn't really like Mary all that much.
Tom doesn't really enjoy translating.
Tom doesn't really enjoy hanging out with Mary.
Tom doesn't quite get it. Could you explain it to him again?
Tom doesn't pay any attention to Mary.
Tom doesn't owe me anything.
Tom doesn't need to worry about a thing. Mary will take care of everything.
Tom doesn't need to know the details.
Tom doesn't need to do that. Mary will do it.
Tom doesn't need to be told that.
Tom doesn't need to apologize. He did nothing wrong.
Tom doesn't need money to have a good time.
Tom doesn't need any more soap. Mary gave him enough to last a lifetime.
Tom doesn't mind walking in the rain.
Tom doesn't mind swimming in the rain.
Tom doesn't mind doing that for you.
Tom doesn't mind cycling in the rain.
Tom doesn't make much money.
Tom doesn't make exceptions for anyone.
Tom doesn't love Mary like he used to.
Tom doesn't look very well. Is he sick?
Tom doesn't look too good today. I wonder what the matter is.
Tom doesn't look much like his father.
Tom doesn't look like John.
Tom doesn't look his age.
Tom doesn't look anything like his brother.
Tom doesn't live too far from the station.
Tom doesn't listen to what Mary says.
Tom doesn't listen to advice.
Tom doesn't like working on an empty stomach.
Tom doesn't like women who wear way too much makeup.
Tom doesn't like women who drink a lot.
Tom doesn't like watching violent movies.
Tom doesn't like washing dishes.
Tom doesn't like unsolicited advice.
Tom doesn't like to talk about his work.
Tom doesn't like to repeat himself.
Tom doesn't like to rely on others.
Tom doesn't like to eat where people are smoking.
Tom doesn't like to be indebted to anyone.
Tom doesn't like this kind of movie.
Tom doesn't like this design.
Tom doesn't like this color.
Tom doesn't like the way Mary treats John.
Tom doesn't like the way Mary treats him.
Tom doesn't like the way Mary looks at him.
Tom doesn't like people who don't take their jobs seriously.
Tom doesn't like not being able to control Mary.
Tom doesn't like modern art.
Tom doesn't like Mary's attitude.
Tom doesn't like it when people park in front of his house.
Tom doesn't like it when people cuss in front of his children.
Tom doesn't like it when Mary cracks her knuckles.
Tom doesn't like greasy food such as spareribs.
Tom doesn't like girls like Mary.
Tom doesn't like discussing his work with Mary.
Tom doesn't like controversy.
Tom doesn't like being told what to do.
Tom doesn't like being the first one to show up at any party.
Tom doesn't like any kind of spicy food.
Tom doesn't like any kind of raw fish.
Tom doesn't know why Mary called him.
Tom doesn't know why it happened.
Tom doesn't know why I called you.
Tom doesn't know who's who.
Tom doesn't know who he can trust anymore.
Tom doesn't know where to start.
Tom doesn't know where to look.
Tom doesn't know where to begin.
Tom doesn't know where Mary is right now.
Tom doesn't know when it happened.
Tom doesn't know what's in store for him.
Tom doesn't know what'll happen.
Tom doesn't know what went wrong.
Tom doesn't know what to expect.
Tom doesn't know what to do first.
Tom doesn't know what this is called in English.
Tom doesn't know what Mary meant.
Tom doesn't know what Mary expects from him.
Tom doesn't know what I'm going to do.
Tom doesn't know what he's talking about.
Tom doesn't know what he'll do.
Tom doesn't know what he should do.
Tom doesn't know what he did to make Mary so angry.
Tom doesn't know what got into Mary.
Tom doesn't know what else to do.
Tom doesn't know where he was born.
Tom doesn't know the half of it.
Tom doesn't know the first thing about fishing.
Tom doesn't know the details.
Tom doesn't know squat about Mary.
Tom doesn't know much about pottery.
Tom doesn't know much about music.
Tom doesn't know much about his neighbors.
Tom doesn't know Mary very well.
Tom doesn't know if Mary likes him.
Tom doesn't know if Mary is dead or alive.
Tom doesn't know if he will come or not.
Tom doesn't know I'm here.
Tom doesn't know how to say what he wants to say in English.
Tom doesn't know how to take a hint.
Tom doesn't know how to ski.
Tom doesn't know how to sit still.
Tom doesn't know how to have fun.
Tom doesn't know how to express his feelings.
Tom doesn't know how to explain it.
Tom doesn't know how to dance.
Tom doesn't know how to be quiet.
Tom doesn't know how it happened.
Tom doesn't know his own strength.
Tom doesn't know exactly how that happened.
Tom doesn't know anything about the situation.
Tom doesn't know anything about raising children.
Tom doesn't know anything about it.
Tom doesn't know anything about Australia.
Tom doesn't know any French.
Tom doesn't know a thing about investing.
Tom doesn't know a thing about fishing.
Tom doesn't know a thing about cooking.
Tom doesn't have what it takes to be the boss.
Tom doesn't have what it takes to be a race car driver.
Tom doesn't have to worry. Nothing bad's going to happen.
Tom doesn't have to tell me. I already know.
Tom doesn't have to stay here.
Tom doesn't have to pay anything.
Tom doesn't have to go anywhere.
Tom doesn't have to explain himself to me.
Tom doesn't have to do that.
Tom doesn't have time to talk to you now.
Tom doesn't have time to help you.
Tom doesn't have time right now to talk to anyone.
Tom doesn't have time right now to help you.
Tom doesn't have the ability to finish the job by himself.
Tom doesn't have that kind of money.
Tom doesn't have much time to waste.
Tom doesn't have much time left.
Tom doesn't have much of an appetite.
Tom doesn't have much free time.
Tom doesn't have much energy today.
Tom doesn't have many clothes. That's why you always see him wearing the same thing.
Tom doesn't have long to live.
Tom doesn't have it all figured out yet.
Tom doesn't have anything to eat.
Tom doesn't have any credit cards.
Tom doesn't have any confidence in himself.
Tom doesn't have any cash on hand.
Tom doesn't have a say in that matter.
Tom doesn't have a penny to his name.
Tom doesn't have a lot of freedom.
Tom doesn't have a leg to stand on.
Tom doesn't have a job.
Tom doesn't have a house to live in.
Tom doesn't have a fever.
Tom doesn't have a dollar to his name.
Tom doesn't have a date for the Saturday night.
Tom doesn't have a computer.
Tom doesn't have a clue.
Tom doesn't have a choice.
Tom doesn't go to work on Sunday.
Tom doesn't give advice lightly.
Tom doesn't get invited to many parties.
Tom doesn't get along with the man who lives next door.
Tom doesn't feel up to going out today.
Tom doesn't feel like studying.
Tom doesn't feel like eating.
Tom doesn't feel like cooking.
Tom doesn't even talk to Mary anymore.
Tom doesn't even know what you are talking about.
Tom doesn't even know I exist.
Tom doesn't enjoy family gatherings very much.
Tom doesn't eat fish.
Tom doesn't eat breakfast.
Tom doesn't eat between meals.
Tom doesn't drink much.
Tom doesn't drink alcoholic drinks at all.
Tom doesn't do drugs.
Tom doesn't care who Mary goes out with.
Tom doesn't care whether Mary does her homework or not.
Tom doesn't care what other people think.
Tom doesn't care what other people say about him.
Tom doesn't care what Mary thinks.
Tom doesn't care what Mary does or doesn't do.
Tom doesn't care what happens tomorrow.
Tom doesn't care what happens to Mary.
Tom doesn't care one way or the other.
Tom doesn't care for Japanese food.
Tom doesn't care about what other people think.
Tom doesn't care about his grades.
Tom doesn't blame Mary for getting angry.
Tom doesn't blame Mary for being mad.
Tom doesn't belong here.
Tom doesn't believe most of what Mary says.
Tom doesn't believe Mary did what John said she did.
Tom doesn't believe a word of what Mary just said.
Tom doesn't approve of the way Mary's been behaving.
Tom doesn't appear to be very religious.
Tom doesn't agree with you.
Tom doesn't agree with what Mary said.
Tom doesn't know anything about classical music.
Tom does what he's told.
Tom does what he wants.
Tom does what he says he'll do.
Tom does weight training.
Tom does volunteer work.
Tom does things in his own way.
Tom does the dishes as soon as he finishes eating.
Tom does quality work.
Tom does only what he wants to do.
Tom does nothing but complain.
Tom does most of the work by himself.
Tom does little other than play the guitar.
Tom does impersonations of famous people.
Tom does good work.
Tom does excellent work.
Tom does everything he can to save money.
Tom does basically the same thing as Mary does.
Tom does all of his studying at night.
Tom does a lot of volunteer work.
Tom disguised himself as a priest.
Tom discussed his plans with Mary.
Tom discovered two dead bodies in his basement.
Tom discovered that Mary was in trouble and went to help her.
Tom disappeared.
Tom disagrees with you on that point.
Tom died of old age.
Tom died of cancer.
Tom died of a heart attack.
Tom died of a drug overdose.
Tom died during his stay in Boston.
Tom died at the age of thirty.
Tom died a natural death.
Tom died a couple of years ago.
Tom didn't work as hard as Mary did.
Tom didn't watch much television when he was younger.
Tom didn't want to work overtime on Christmas Eve.
Tom didn't want to tell Mary that her son was dead.
Tom didn't want to tell Mary that he had lost all her money.
Tom didn't want to tell Mary his life story.
Tom didn't want to tell Mary about what had happened.
Tom didn't want to talk about that over the phone.
Tom didn't want to talk about it.
Tom didn't want to take any chances.
Tom didn't want to spend too much time discussing that.
Tom didn't want to marry Mary.
Tom didn't want to marry a woman who wanted children.
Tom didn't want to make any assumptions.
Tom didn't want to make a fool of himself.
Tom didn't want to live in the cave anymore, but he had no choice.
Tom didn't want to let Mary into his house.
Tom didn't want to know about my problems.
Tom didn't want to impose on Mary.
Tom didn't want to hear about all of Mary's problems, but he sat quietly and listened.
Tom didn't want to go back to where he was born.
Tom didn't want to give up on the plan.
Tom didn't want to embarrass Mary.
Tom didn't want to bother Mary while she was studying.
Tom didn't want to answer the question.
Tom didn't want Mary to work.
Tom didn't want Mary to think he was a wimp.
Tom didn't want Mary to think he was a fool.
Tom didn't want Mary to know.
Tom didn't want Mary to know he was rich.
Tom didn't want Mary to come here.
Tom didn't want Mary to call him all the time.
Tom didn't want anyone to know that he was deeply in debt.
Tom didn't want any of his friends to know that he was a drug dealer.
Tom didn't volunteer to be a guinea pig.
Tom didn't utter a single word.
Tom didn't understand what Mary really meant.
Tom didn't understand what Mary just said.
Tom didn't understand the question.
Tom didn't understand exactly what Mary wanted him to do.
Tom didn't understand a word Mary said.
Tom didn't trust Mary as much as she trusted him.
Tom didn't trust Mary and she didn't trust him.
Tom didn't touch his lunch.
Tom didn't think you would like the idea.
Tom didn't think the rain would last so long.
Tom didn't think that would ever happen.
Tom didn't think that anyone would recognize him.
Tom didn't think of that.
Tom didn't think Mary's joke was funny at all.
Tom didn't think it was likely that Mary was still at home.
Tom didn't think he was violating any laws.
Tom didn't think he was committing a crime.
Tom didn't think he needed a bodyguard.
Tom didn't think he had the stomach to tell Mary what needed to be done.
Tom didn't think he had enough money in his wallet to pay the bill.
Tom didn't think he had a chance to succeed, but he at least wanted to give it a shot.
Tom didn't think he could trust Mary.
Tom didn't think he could pass the test without cheating.
Tom didn't tell me anything at all.
Tom didn't tell Mary the whole truth.
Tom didn't tell Mary the whole story.
Tom didn't tell Mary the truth.
Tom didn't tell Mary how much money he'd spent.
Tom didn't tell Mary everything.
Tom didn't tell anybody about what happened until he was thirty.
Tom didn't take part in the marathon.
Tom didn't take Mary too seriously.
Tom didn't specify what he wanted.
Tom didn't so much as say goodbye.
Tom didn't sleep very well last night.
Tom didn't show up for work today.
Tom didn't see the stop sign.
Tom didn't see any familiar faces at the party.
Tom didn't say where he was going.
Tom didn't say that.
Tom didn't say much.
Tom didn't say anything at all.
Tom didn't say a word.
Tom didn't remember to send Mary a birthday card.
Tom didn't remember asking Mary for help.
Tom didn't receive any money for his work.
Tom didn't really expect Mary to answer his question.
Tom didn't really enjoy studying French.
Tom didn't realize Mary was so rich.
Tom didn't quite know what Mary meant.
Tom didn't notice the mud on his shoes.
Tom didn't notice the bullet holes in the wall.
Tom didn't need to look at the menu because he'd been to that restaurant many times before.
Tom didn't need any help.
Tom didn't miss his umbrella till he got home.
Tom didn't mention seeing Mary.
Tom didn't mean to step on Mary's toes.
Tom didn't mean to say what he said.
Tom didn't mean to offend Mary.
Tom didn't mean to make Mary angry.
Tom didn't mean to kill Mary.
Tom didn't mean to hurt anybody.
Tom didn't mean to cause Mary any trouble.
Tom didn't mean to be so late.
Tom didn't mean for this to happen.
Tom didn't mean any harm.
Tom didn't marry Mary.
Tom didn't make the deadline.
Tom didn't make his position clear.
Tom didn't make himself clear.
Tom didn't love Mary as much as she loved him.
Tom didn't look happy to see me.
Tom didn't look happy at all.
Tom didn't live up to his end of the bargain.
Tom didn't listen to what I said.
Tom didn't like the idea of Mary going out with John.
Tom didn't like Mary and she didn't like him.
Tom didn't lift a finger to help.
Tom didn't let on that he knew about the surprise party.
Tom didn't know who to believe.
Tom didn't know who Mary was at first.
Tom didn't know what was happening.
Tom didn't know what was going on.
Tom didn't know what Mary would like.
Tom didn't know what Mary meant.
Tom didn't know what he was doing.
Tom didn't know what else to say.
Tom didn't know what else to do.
Tom didn't know the gun was loaded.
Tom didn't know the deadline was today.
Tom didn't know that the bridge was closed.
Tom didn't know that Mary's house was so close to John's.
Tom didn't know that Mary was interested in classical music.
Tom didn't know that Mary was a high school student.
Tom didn't know that Mary understood French.
Tom didn't know that Mary liked to cook.
Tom didn't know that Mary had already bought bread.
Tom didn't know that he shouldn't believe everything Mary said.
Tom didn't know that he had a secret admirer.
Tom didn't know Mary would be there.
Tom didn't know Mary was so funny.
Tom didn't know Mary spoke French so fluently.
Tom didn't know Mary had a brother.
Tom didn't know Mary could sing so well.
Tom didn't know Mary cared.
Tom didn't know it was already after 2:30.
Tom didn't know how to translate the word "computer" because the people he was talking to had never seen one.
Tom didn't know how to thank Mary.
Tom didn't know how to respond to Mary.
Tom didn't know how to reply.
Tom didn't know how to read music.
Tom didn't know how to react.
Tom didn't know how to answer Mary.
Tom didn't know exactly what was expected of him.
Tom didn't know exactly what it was that Mary wanted him to do.
Tom didn't know anything about what was happening.
Tom didn't intend to cause Mary any trouble.
Tom didn't hesitate at all.
Tom didn't hear Mary enter the room.
Tom didn't have to yell at me.
Tom didn't have to tell Mary, but he did.
Tom didn't have to say it so rudely.
Tom didn't have to rub it in.
Tom didn't have to eat that if he didn't want to.
Tom didn't have to do that.
Tom didn't have to be so rude.
Tom didn't have time for breakfast.
Tom didn't have the nerve to show up.
Tom didn't have the nerve to not show up.
Tom didn't have the heart to tell Mary what had happened to her dog.
Tom didn't have the heart to refuse Mary's request.
Tom didn't have the courage to try sky diving.
Tom didn't have the courage to speak to Mary.
Tom didn't have the courage to admit that he had made a mistake.
Tom didn't have on his shoes.
Tom didn't have much time for studying.
Tom didn't have lunch.
Tom didn't have enough time to do anything else.
Tom didn't have enough change to buy a drink from the vending machine.
Tom didn't have anything to worry about.
Tom didn't have anything to say.
Tom didn't have anything to say to Mary.
Tom didn't have any reason why he couldn't go.
Tom didn't have any reason not to believe Mary.
Tom didn't have any of the details.
Tom didn't have any idea what Mary meant.
Tom didn't have any hard evidence, but he thought Mary was the one who stole his mother's diamond ring.
Tom didn't go, and neither did Mary.
Tom didn't go to school.
Tom didn't go to school yesterday because he didn't want to.
Tom didn't give up.
Tom didn't give me a chance to talk to him.
Tom didn't get what he bargained for.
Tom didn't get up before six.
Tom didn't get to eat any ice cream at the party.
Tom didn't get it.
Tom didn't get anything done today.
Tom didn't get angry with Mary.
Tom didn't get along with Mary too well.
Tom didn't get a chance to thank Mary for all her help.
Tom didn't follow Mary's advice.
Tom didn't feel very confident.
Tom didn't feel up to going out.
Tom didn't feel that he was ready.
Tom didn't feel like talking.
Tom didn't feel like studying at all.
Tom didn't feel like sitting for two hours in a movie theater.
Tom didn't feel anything.
Tom didn't expect to win the race.
Tom didn't expect to sell his old car for so much money.
Tom didn't expect to see Mary here.
Tom didn't expect to hear Mary's voice.
Tom didn't expect to get a raise.
Tom didn't expect to fall in love with Mary.
Tom didn't expect to be appointed chairman.
Tom didn't expect the meeting to last so long.
Tom didn't expect Mary to be so friendly.
Tom didn't expect anything from Mary.
Tom didn't expect any help from Mary.
Tom didn't exactly say yes.
Tom didn't even try to understand.
Tom didn't even step out of the house yesterday.
Tom didn't even know who Mary was.
Tom didn't even know where to start.
Tom didn't even know that Mary was a doctor.
Tom didn't even know Mary had left.
Tom didn't even know how to write his own name.
Tom didn't do well enough on the driver's test to get a driver's license.
Tom didn't do so well on his test.
Tom didn't do anything.
Tom didn't do anything wrong.
Tom didn't do anything illegal.
Tom didn't do anything for a while.
Tom didn't do a very good job cleaning the kitchen floor. It's still dirty.
Tom didn't dare to look at Mary.
Tom didn't cut Mary any slack.
Tom didn't consider Mary's feelings at all.
Tom didn't come to school today because he had to go to a funeral.
Tom didn't come home last night. I hope he's OK.
Tom didn't bring the matter up at the meeting this morning.
Tom didn't bother to listen to Mary's advice.
Tom didn't believe Mary.
Tom didn't ask Mary anything.
Tom didn't ask for our opinions.
Tom didn't ask for Mary's help.
Tom didn't answer the question.
Tom didn't like the concert very much.
Tom did weight training at a local gym.
Tom did time for armed robbery.
Tom did the laundry before lunch.
Tom did the best he could.
Tom did the best he could do.
Tom did some work for Mary a few years back.
Tom did really well on the exam.
Tom did okay on the test.
Tom did many of the experiments himself.
Tom did it your way.
Tom did it with the best of intentions.
Tom did it out of a sense of justice.
Tom did it much better the second time around.
Tom did it for no particular reason.
Tom did it as you suggested.
Tom did it as a publicity stunt.
Tom did his own research.
Tom did his best to protect Mary.
Tom did his best to keep temper under control.
Tom did his best to help Mary learn French.
Tom did his best to find a reason to stay.
Tom did his best to avoid making eye contact with Mary.
Tom did fairly well on the test he took yesterday.
Tom did exactly as Mary told him to do.
Tom did everything within his power to save the children that were trapped in the burning building.
Tom did everything within his power to keep Mary from being elected president of the student council.
Tom did everything by himself.
Tom did better than I expected.
Tom did as you suggested.
Tom did all he could.
Tom did a lot of laundry today.
Tom did a good job proofreading my paper.
Tom did a good job proofreading Mary's rough draft.
Tom did a good job predicting who would win the election.
Tom did a good job planning the party.
Tom did a good job organizing the workers.
Tom diced the carrots and added them to the stew.
Tom dialed the wrong number.
Tom devoted his whole life to studying sharks.
Tom devoted his whole life to public service.
Tom devoted his life to helping the poor.
Tom developed a taste for French wine.
Tom deserves to take a few days off.
Tom deserves the salary we pay him.
Tom deserves admiration.
Tom deserves a vacation.
Tom deserves a reward.
Tom deserves a pat on the back.
Tom deserved the punishment he got.
Tom deserted his wife and family.
Tom described how he was able to escape from the locked room.
Tom described his new invention to both John and Mary.
Tom deposited some money in his savings account just yesterday.
Tom depended on Mary to help him.
Tom denied the rumor.
Tom denied the accusation.
Tom denied that he had done what he was accused of doing.
Tom denied that anything had happened.
Tom demonstrated the company's newest product to the crowd.
Tom demonstrated how to core an apple.
Tom demanded to know why Mary didn't come.
Tom demanded to know why he hadn't been told about the changes.
Tom demanded an explanation.
Tom demanded that we leave at once.
Tom definitely won't work for less than $an hour.
Tom definitely wants to become a doctor.
Tom definitely thinks it's true.
Tom definitely thinks all the girls in the class think he's handsome.
Tom definitely should have gotten the death sentence.
Tom definitely seems to be interested in Mary.
Tom definitely overestimates his own ability.
Tom definitely needs to be a bit more sociable.
Tom definitely meant what he said.
Tom definitely looks younger than Mary.
Tom definitely knows that he shouldn't be doing that.
Tom definitely knows how to ride a horse.
Tom definitely knows his stuff.
Tom definitely has the confidence to be our leader.
Tom definitely has the ability to be the boss.
Tom definitely has our support.
Tom definitely has control of this company.
Tom definitely has a future in our company.
Tom definitely had problems with his oldest son.
Tom definitely had enough time to get the job done.
Tom definitely got a raw deal.
Tom definitely earns more money than Mary does.
Tom definitely doesn't want to be class president.
Tom declined to comment on the matter.
Tom decided to use Mary's computer even though she had told him not to.
Tom decided to upload the video he took to YouTube.
Tom decided to try trimming his beard with a knife, but he wasn't very successful.
Tom decided to try sleeping without a pillow.
Tom decided to tell Mary everything.
Tom decided to take a day off.
Tom decided to step back and allow Mary to handle things for a while.
Tom decided to start his own business.
Tom decided to snoop around and see what he could find out.
Tom decided to send Mary to a private school.
Tom decided to sell one of his cars to Mary.
Tom decided to say nothing until everyone else had given their opinions.
Tom decided to run for class president.
Tom decided to redesign his website.
Tom decided to postpone the meeting.
Tom decided to postpone the decision.
Tom decided to marry Mary even though his parents didn't want him to.
Tom decided to make it up to Mary.
Tom decided to give up city life and live in the country.
Tom decided to leave work early.
Tom decided to learn to live with the problem.
Tom decided to learn all he could about computers.
Tom decided to lay low for a few days.
Tom decided to just kick back and relax.
Tom decided to go on a diet and lose some weight.
Tom decided to go ahead let Mary have her way.
Tom decided to go ahead and ask Mary the question he had been wanting to ask.
Tom decided to give up trying to keep up with Mary.
Tom decided to give up skateboarding after his accident.
Tom decided to give up playing guitar professionally.
Tom decided to follow the advice he'd received.
Tom decided to enter the competition.
Tom decided to enlist in the army.
Tom decided to drop out of school and work full-time.
Tom decided to delete his email address from every page on his website.
Tom decided to become a vegetarian.
Tom decided that we should put the canoe inside the house until the storm passed.
Tom decided that it wouldn't be sensible to try to cross the old rope bridge.
Tom decided that it wouldn't be much fun to go camping alone.
Tom decided that it wouldn't be beneficial to study French.
Tom decided that it would be fun to try paragliding.
Tom decided that it would be fun to go camping with John and Mary.
Tom decided that it wasn't necessary to take vitamins.
Tom decided that it wasn't necessary to take the medicine the doctor had given him.
Tom decided that it wasn't necessary to pay that bill today.
Tom decided that it wasn't necessary to paint the ceiling.
Tom decided that it wasn't necessary to go into the office today.
Tom decided that it wasn't necessary to deal with that problem this afternoon.
Tom decided that he wouldn't tell Mary anything about the incident.
Tom decided that he would have to visit Mary before the end of the month.
Tom decided that he would have to help Mary buy some groceries.
Tom decided that he wanted to live in Boston.
Tom decided that he shouldn't stay any longer.
Tom decided not to leave home until he was a little older.
Tom decided not to tell Mary about what John had done.
Tom decided not to talk about the war.
Tom decided not to discuss religion.
Tom decided it wasn't his job to tell Mary about what John had done.
Tom decided it was up to him to make the final decision.
Tom decided it was time to try calling Mary again.
Tom decided it was time to learn how to dance.
Tom decided it was time to go to sleep.
Tom decided it was time to go home.
Tom decided he was too old for rock climbing.
Tom dashed off a note to Mary.
Tom dabbles in the stock market.
Tom cut the cake with the new knife Mary had given him.
Tom cut the apple in half.
Tom cut off Mary's head.
Tom cut off a piece of meat and put it on his plate.
Tom cut Mary's hair.
Tom cut his finger with a knife.
Tom cut his finger and it's bleeding pretty badly.
Tom cut himself with a sharp knife.
Tom cut himself shaving.
Tom cut himself on some broken glass.
Tom cut an interesting article out of the newspaper.
Tom currently works for his father's company.
Tom currently teaches English in Japan.
Tom currently plays first trumpet in his high school band.
Tom currently manages a hotel not too far from here.
Tom currently lives with his uncle.
Tom currently lives alone in a small apartment.
Tom currently holds the school record for the yard dash.
Tom currently has ten people working for him.
Tom currently goes to college in Boston.
Tom currently faces charges of aggravated assault.
Tom currently doesn't make as much money as he used to.
Tom currently doesn't have a job.
Tom currently doesn't have a girlfriend.
Tom crossed the lawn to the front door.
Tom criticized Mary in front of everyone.
Tom cringed when he saw Mary walk into the room.
Tom cried himself to sleep.
Tom cried for an hour.
Tom crammed everything into his suitcase.
Tom covered the table with the new tablecloth he'd just bought.
Tom covered the distance in three hours.
Tom covered his mouth when he sneezed.
Tom covered for you while you were in the hospital.
Tom counted on Mary's help.
Tom couldn't wait until the weekend.
Tom couldn't unlock the door because he had the wrong key.
Tom couldn't understand why she wanted to learn French.
Tom couldn't understand why no one else wanted to go to the zoo.
Tom couldn't understand why no one else seemed to be happy.
Tom couldn't understand why Mary refused to even listen to him.
Tom couldn't understand why Mary wasn't very good at cooking.
Tom couldn't understand why Mary was so angry.
Tom couldn't understand why Mary never came to visit him.
Tom couldn't understand why Mary had made that decision.
Tom couldn't understand why his company's products weren't selling well.
Tom couldn't understand what the purpose of the mission was.
Tom couldn't understand what Mary was trying to say.
Tom couldn't understand what Mary meant.
Tom couldn't think of right words to say.
Tom couldn't think of Mary without remembering how painful their breakup had been.
Tom couldn't think of anything else to try.
Tom couldn't think of any reasons why Mary wouldn't want to go.
Tom couldn't think about anything else.
Tom couldn't tell what the problem was.
Tom couldn't tell the two twins apart.
Tom couldn't tell one twin from the other.
Tom couldn't talk about his ordeal with anyone.
Tom couldn't suppress his anger.
Tom couldn't stop yawning.
Tom couldn't stop thinking about Mary.
Tom couldn't stop sneezing.
Tom couldn't stop hiccuping.
Tom couldn't stay awake during class.
Tom couldn't stand Mary not knowing what had happened.
Tom couldn't spell very well.
Tom couldn't speak a word of French when he first arrived in France.
Tom couldn't sneak out of the dorm without being seen.
Tom couldn't sleep because the neighbor's dog barked all night.
Tom couldn't sleep because he had a bad headache.
Tom couldn't sleep at all because it was so hot.
Tom couldn't sleep a wink last night.
Tom couldn't seem to put Mary at ease.
Tom couldn't seem to get Mary to stop crying.
Tom couldn't say what he wanted to say.
Tom couldn't say for sure where the kidnappers had taken him.
Tom couldn't say for sure when he'd come back.
Tom couldn't say anything that would make Mary quit crying.
Tom couldn't rule out the possibility that someone had lit his house on fire.
Tom couldn't rule out the possibility that Mary didn't like him.
Tom couldn't rule out the possibility that he was mistaken.
Tom couldn't restrain his anger.
Tom couldn't resist peeking through the keyhole.
Tom couldn't remember where he had been on that night.
Tom couldn't relax at home with his children running around the house.
Tom couldn't recall the details.
Tom couldn't quite make out what the sign said.
Tom couldn't put his thoughts in order.
Tom couldn't put his feelings into words.
Tom couldn't possibly have known what was going on.
Tom couldn't possibly have known that Mary was the one who got him fired.
Tom couldn't possibly have hit Mary.
Tom couldn't possibly have done what you claimed he did.
Tom couldn't persuade Mary to stay.
Tom couldn't persuade his classmates to change their minds about postponing the dance.
Tom couldn't make a living as a musician.
Tom couldn't keep lying to Mary. He felt he just had to tell her the truth.
Tom couldn't keep himself from laughing.
Tom couldn't keep from smiling.
Tom couldn't just sit by and watch Mary being bullied.
Tom couldn't identify what was wrong.
Tom couldn't help smiling.
Tom couldn't help overhearing what Mary said to John.
Tom couldn't help laughing.
Tom couldn't help himself.
Tom couldn't help but wonder if everybody was safe.
Tom couldn't help but feel sentimental.
Tom couldn't help but feel sad.
Tom couldn't help but feel happy.
Tom couldn't help but be impressed.
Tom couldn't hear what the teacher was saying because all of the other students were making so much noise.
Tom couldn't have done it without Mary.
Tom couldn't have done it alone.
Tom couldn't have done anything to prevent the accident.
Tom couldn't have done any better.
Tom couldn't have been more wrong.
Tom couldn't have been more helpful.
Tom couldn't hack into that website.
Tom couldn't go on the picnic with us today because he had an important business meeting.
Tom couldn't go anywhere without his dog.
Tom couldn't get to sleep till after three last night.
Tom couldn't get to sleep last night.
Tom couldn't get to sleep because he had drunk too much coffee after supper.
Tom couldn't get past the guard.
Tom couldn't get Mary off his mind.
Tom couldn't get his hands on everything he needed.
Tom couldn't get any work done because his children kept interrupting him.
Tom couldn't forget Mary even if he wanted to.
Tom couldn't fit into the pants he wore last summer.
Tom couldn't find what he was looking for.
Tom couldn't find his hometown on the map.
Tom couldn't find a place to park.
Tom couldn't find a parking place.
Tom couldn't feel a thing.
Tom couldn't even answer the simple questions.
Tom couldn't eat the whole sandwich.
Tom couldn't do what he wanted to.
Tom couldn't do something like that.
Tom couldn't do anything about the problem.
Tom couldn't do anything about it.
Tom couldn't discuss the problem with anybody but Mary.
Tom couldn't decide who to assign the job to.
Tom couldn't decide who should get promoted.
Tom couldn't decide where to plant the tree.
Tom couldn't decide where to eat.
Tom couldn't decide what to eat.
Tom couldn't decide what to buy.
Tom couldn't decide what CD to listen to.
Tom couldn't decide what book to read.
Tom couldn't control his emotions.
Tom couldn't control himself.
Tom couldn't contain his anger.
Tom couldn't concentrate on his work.
Tom couldn't conceal the truth from Mary.
Tom couldn't completely rule out the possibility that what Mary said was true.
Tom couldn't completely rule out the possibility that Mary had killed herself.
Tom couldn't completely rule out the possibility that he was going to get drafted.
Tom couldn't completely rule out the possibility that he might be laid off from work.
Tom couldn't catch up with the other students after he came out of his coma.
Tom couldn't care less what Mary thinks.
Tom couldn't bring himself to scold Mary.
Tom couldn't bring himself to pull the trigger.
Tom couldn't bribe Mary. However, he tried.
Tom couldn't blame Mary for saying what she did.
Tom couldn't believe what Mary told him.
Tom couldn't believe what Mary said.
Tom couldn't believe what he was hearing.
Tom couldn't believe that Mary had tricked him.
Tom couldn't believe that he'd ever be able to play the guitar.
Tom couldn't believe it was already time to go home.
Tom couldn't believe how ugly Mary became as she got older.
Tom couldn't believe his luck.
Tom couldn't bear to look at Mary's dead body.
Tom couldn't bear the pain any more so he shot himself.
Tom couldn't be more wrong.
Tom couldn't attend the meeting because of a previous engagement.
Tom couldn't ask for more.
Tom couldn't accomplish everything he'd hoped he could.
Tom could've won if he'd wanted to.
Tom could've given me some advice if he'd wanted to.
Tom could use a little extra time to review for the upcoming test.
Tom could understand why Mary was angry.
Tom could understand how Mary was feeling.
Tom could trust Mary to keep her word.
Tom could think of no reason why he shouldn't stay.
Tom could think of no reason why he should stay.
Tom could think of no reason why he should give Mary any money.
Tom could think of no reason why he needed to go home early.
Tom could tell that Mary wasn't well.
Tom could tell that it would be impossible to reach a compromise with Mary.
Tom could tell Mary wasn't happy.
Tom could tell by the smile on Mary's face that she had had a good time at the party.
Tom could swim like a fish before he turned eight.
Tom could smell breakfast cooking in the kitchen.
Tom could see that the argument was pointless.
Tom could see Mary was getting very nervous.
Tom could see Mary was getting cold.
Tom could see Mary was about ready to cry.
Tom could probably never convince Mary to try bungee jumping.
Tom could only understand a little French then.
Tom could never fall for a woman like Mary.
Tom could never do what you are asking him to do.
Tom could never afford to buy such an expensive necklace.
Tom could learn a thing or two from Mary.
Tom could hear voices in the next room.
Tom could hear his name being called.
Tom could hear birds chirping outside his window.
Tom could have very easily waited for us.
Tom could have told me the truth.
Tom could have told Mary the truth, but he chose not to.
Tom could have survived if the ambulance had arrived a little sooner.
Tom could have paid for Mary's ticket if he'd known she didn't have enough money.
Tom could have gone camping with you if you'd let him know you were going.
Tom could have done anything he wanted.
Tom could have dealt with the problem in a better way.
Tom could have come yesterday, but he didn't.
Tom could hardly walk.
Tom could hardly wait to see Mary.
Tom could hardly wait for the chance to go swimming again.
Tom could hardly stand the pain.
Tom could hardly believe his eyes.
Tom could hardly afford to pay for his meal.
Tom could feel the sun on his neck.
Tom could face life in prison.
Tom could do nothing but watch Mary being swept down the river.
Tom could barely walk.
Tom copied all the files on his internal hard disk to an external hard disk.
Tom coped with the situation calmly.
Tom cooked all his own meals.
Tom contradicts just about everything I say.
Tom continued to study French for another three years.
Tom continued to play his banjo even after everybody asked him to stop.
Tom continued giving concerts until he died.
Tom continued to explore other ideas about the new product.
Tom consumes a lot of wine.
Tom considered working for our company, but decided not to.
Tom considered his options.
Tom connected the TV to the antenna that the previous owner of his house had mounted on the roof.
Tom confessed that he'd eaten all of the cookies.
Tom confessed that he had stolen the money.
Tom confessed that he had killed Mary.
Tom concluded his speech with a proverb.
Tom complimented Mary on how nice she looked.
Tom completed the mission.
Tom completed his painting.
Tom complained that Mary never helped him.
Tom complained that his back hurt.
Tom complained at the front desk about the noise.
Tom commutes to work on a motorcycle.
Tom commutes to work by motorcycle.
Tom commutes to school by train.
Tom committed crimes, but was never convicted.
Tom comes from a culture where women artificially color their lips and put holes in their earlobes.
Tom comes across as a big snob.
Tom comes from a musical family.
Tom combed his hair.
Tom closes his eyes when he swims underwater.
Tom closed the door and locked it.
Tom climbed up three flights of stairs.
Tom climbed up the ladder to the roof of the garage.
Tom climbed up a ladder to get to the roof.
Tom climbed back into his car.
Tom clicked the light switch on.
Tom clearly wasn't listening to what Mary was saying.
Tom clearly misunderstood what I said.
Tom clearly isn't interested in joining our group.
Tom clearly hopes that Mary won't notice that he broke one of her expensive teacups.
Tom clearly doesn't understand French very well.
Tom clearly didn't intend to let that happen.
Tom cleared snow from the driveway.
Tom cleared his throat.
Tom cleaned the top of the table with a wet rag.
Tom cleaned the toilet.
Tom cleaned the floor with a mop.
Tom cleaned out his bedroom closet.
Tom claims that Mary promised him the job.
Tom claims that he wasn't anywhere near the murder scene at the time of the murder.
Tom claims that he knows nothing about that.
Tom claims that he can taste the difference between these two brands of salt.
Tom claims that he can swim thirty meters underwater on one breath.
Tom claims that he can read people's minds.
Tom claims he was drunk at the time.
Tom claimed to be Mary's son.
Tom claimed that he saw a UFO.
Tom claimed that he didn't kill anybody.
Tom claimed that he could run faster than Mary.
Tom claimed he wasn't afraid.
Tom claimed he killed Mary in self-defense.
Tom claimed he had been captured by the enemy.
Tom chuckled when he heard Mary's joke.
Tom chuckled to himself.
Tom chose to live in Boston.
Tom chose to ignore Mary's comment.
Tom chose to go work alone.
Tom chose the restaurant where we ate lunch.
Tom chose the color to paint our offices.
Tom chose not to drive home.
Tom chopped wood for the fire.
Tom chopped wood for his woodburning cook stove.
Tom chopped some onions.
Tom chopped off the chicken's head.
Tom chopped firewood all afternoon.
Tom chickened out at the last minute.
Tom chickened out and didn't try bungee jumping.
Tom checks his email before he eats breakfast.
Tom checked to make sure the gas was turned off.
Tom checked to make sure Mary was still sleeping.
Tom checked the TV schedule to see what was on.
Tom checked his watch to see what time it was.
Tom checked his wallet to see how much money he had.
Tom checked his odometer to see how far he'd driven.
Tom cheated on his history test.
Tom chased the cats out of his house.
Tom chased Mary down the street.
Tom chased Mary all the way to the station.
Tom changes his passwords often.
Tom changes channels during commercials.
Tom changed the sheets on the bed.
Tom changed jobs.
Tom changed into his school uniform.
Tom changed his mind at the last minute.
Tom changed his mind after thinking over the matter for a long time.
Tom changed clothes.
Tom challenged Mary to a game of tennis.
Tom certainly wouldn't be pleased if Mary went out on a date with John.
Tom certainly wouldn't be pleased if Mary decided to go back to work.
Tom certainly wouldn't be anywhere near as rich as he is if he hadn't married Mary.
Tom certainly works hard, doesn't he?
Tom certainly works as hard as anyone else on his team.
Tom certainly worked hard yesterday.
Tom certainly won't get my vote.
Tom certainly won't ever get another loan from me.
Tom certainly wasn't too happy last night.
Tom certainly wasn't fazed by what Mary said.
Tom certainly wasn't making much noise last night when we passed his house.
Tom certainly wasn't dead when we saw him.
Tom certainly wasn't crying when we left his house.
Tom certainly wasn't at home when we went to visit him.
Tom certainly was polite.
Tom certainly was embarrassed.
Tom certainly was drunk last night.
Tom certainly was a nice guy.
Tom certainly understands that we all need to attend today's meeting.
Tom certainly tries hard.
Tom certainly told Mary what to do.
Tom certainly thinks he's clever.
Tom certainly talks as if he knows what he's talking about.
Tom certainly talks a lot.
Tom certainly sunk a lot of money into his business.
Tom certainly spends too much money buying things he never uses.
Tom certainly spends a lot of time indoors.
Tom certainly spends a lot of money on jewelry.
Tom certainly speaks eloquently.
Tom certainly sounds like he's not planning to come.
Tom certainly sounds like he comes from a rich family.
Tom certainly sounds confident.
Tom certainly should have kept his promise.
Tom certainly should be careful not to make Mary angry when she's holding a knife.
Tom certainly seems to know what he's talking about.
Tom certainly seems to have learned his lesson.
Tom certainly seems to have a sense of humor.
Tom certainly seems to enjoy talking with Mary.
Tom certainly seems to enjoy swimming with his dog.
Tom certainly seems to enjoy reading Mark Twain.
Tom certainly seems to enjoy reading books by Mark Twain.
Tom certainly seems to enjoy Mary's company.
Tom certainly seems to enjoy life.
Tom certainly seems to be unbiased.
Tom certainly seems to be spending a lot of time with Mary.
Tom certainly seems to be more effective than Mary.
Tom certainly seems to be good at playing the guitar.
Tom certainly seems happy.
Tom certainly seems easier to get along with than Mary.
Tom certainly seemed to enjoy the party last Friday night.
Tom certainly plays the guitar well.
Tom certainly owes Mary an apology.
Tom certainly manages to make everybody thinks he's happy.
Tom certainly makes juggling look easy.
Tom certainly made sure we all had a good time.
Tom certainly made no attempt to stop the fight.
Tom certainly made no attempt to help us.
Tom certainly made it clear that he didn't want Mary to attend the party.
Tom certainly looks very content.
Tom certainly looks older than twelve.
Tom certainly looks nothing like his father.
Tom certainly looks like he's rich.
Tom certainly looks like he wants to start a fight.
Tom certainly looks intelligent.
Tom certainly looks better than he did last week.
Tom certainly looked and sounded better than he did last month when we visited him.
Tom certainly likes to argue.
Tom certainly let us know how he felt.
Tom certainly let me know what he thought of my ideas.
Tom certainly knows why Mary left town.
Tom certainly knows who Mary is.
Tom certainly knows where Mary is.
Tom certainly knows when Mary's concert will be.
Tom certainly knows what he should be doing now.
Tom certainly knows more about this than I do.
Tom certainly knows how to pick stocks.
Tom certainly knows how to party.
Tom certainly knows how to make money.
Tom certainly knows how to entertain people.
Tom certainly knows a lot of French.
Tom certainly knows a lot about trees.
Tom certainly knows a lot about Mary.
Tom certainly knows a lot about cooking.
Tom certainly knows a lot about Boston.
Tom certainly knew that what he was doing was illegal.
Tom certainly knew how to take advantage of Mary.
Tom certainly knew about the problem.
Tom certainly isn't very good with numbers.
Tom certainly isn't the worst player on our team.
Tom certainly isn't the only man that Mary likes.
Tom certainly isn't the genius he thinks he is.
Tom certainly isn't the first person who had that idea.
Tom certainly isn't shy when it comes to dancing.
Tom certainly isn't qualified to do the job.
Tom certainly isn't going to volunteer.
Tom certainly isn't as smart as Mary thinks he is.
Tom certainly isn't as smart as he thinks he is.
Tom certainly isn't as popular as he used to be.
Tom certainly isn't as healthy as he used to be.
Tom certainly isn't as bad as Mary claims he is.
Tom certainly is smart.
Tom certainly is skinny.
Tom certainly is qualified for the job.
Tom certainly is lucky to be alive.
Tom certainly is knowledgeable.
Tom certainly is intelligent.
Tom certainly is hypocritical.
Tom certainly is greedy.
Tom certainly is good with numbers.
Tom certainly is good at making snap decisions.
Tom certainly is good at making new friends.
Tom certainly is good at baseball.
Tom certainly is full of energy today.
Tom certainly is friendly.
Tom certainly is fat.
Tom certainly is eloquent.
Tom certainly is clumsy.
Tom certainly is aware that Mary is in the hospital.
Tom certainly is aware of what happened here yesterday.
Tom certainly is an old man.
Tom certainly is an interesting person.
Tom certainly is an eloquent speaker.
Tom certainly is a poor judge of character.
Tom certainly is a good teacher.
Tom certainly is a good sport about it.
Tom certainly is a good husband.
Tom certainly is a good father.
Tom certainly impressed the judges.
Tom certainly helped make this a better place to live.
Tom certainly helped make our party more fun.
Tom certainly helped a lot around here.
Tom certainly hasn't told Mary yet.
Tom certainly hasn't inspired me to want to become a teacher.
Tom certainly has trouble thinking outside the box.
Tom certainly has the right temperament for the job.
Tom certainly has the right credentials.
Tom certainly has talent.
Tom certainly has some pretty old-fashioned ideas.
Tom certainly has Mary wrapped around his finger.
Tom certainly has had more than one job offer by now.
Tom certainly has a different way of looking at things.
Tom certainly has confidence in his ability.
Tom certainly has charisma.
Tom certainly has a well-trained dog.
Tom certainly has a way with children.
Tom certainly has a tough job.
Tom certainly has a short fuse.
Tom certainly has a pension.
Tom certainly has a nice voice.
Tom certainly has a lot to be happy about.
Tom certainly has a lot of friends in high places.
Tom certainly has a better understanding of this matter than I do.
Tom certainly hadn't done anything that deserved that kind of punishment.
Tom certainly had something to say.
Tom certainly had plenty of opportunities to go to concerts while he was in Boston.
Tom certainly had an interesting story to tell.
Tom certainly had a point when he said we should allow more time to complete the project.
Tom certainly had a lot of time to think about it.
Tom certainly got the message.
Tom certainly goes to bed early.
Tom certainly gives the impression that he doesn't know what he's doing.
Tom certainly gets a nice sound out of that old bassoon.
Tom certainly gave the impression that he wasn't planning on being there tomorrow.
Tom certainly fooled us all.
Tom certainly fooled me.
Tom certainly fooled Mary.
Tom certainly fits the description that the police gave us.
Tom certainly enjoys his wine.
Tom certainly drives a nice car.
Tom certainly doesn't speak for all of us.
Tom certainly doesn't seem to mind helping Mary.
Tom certainly doesn't seem to know what he's doing.
Tom certainly doesn't seem like the kind of person that would back down.
Tom certainly doesn't need Mary's help.
Tom certainly doesn't need any more money.
Tom certainly doesn't need a loan.
Tom certainly doesn't look like he's over eighty.
Tom certainly doesn't have the power he used to.
Tom certainly doesn't have the money he used to.
Tom certainly doesn't have any clue about how things work around here.
Tom certainly doesn't have a very good sense of direction.
Tom certainly doesn't get along very well with Mary.
Tom certainly does a good job cleaning chimneys.
Tom certainly didn't vote for her.
Tom certainly didn't sound alarmed.
Tom certainly didn't say what you thought he said.
Tom certainly didn't let anyone know that he was arriving today.
Tom certainly didn't intend to tell Mary the truth.
Tom certainly didn't have my permission to do what he did.
Tom certainly didn't expect to win.
Tom certainly didn't expect to inherit the house from his uncle.
Tom certainly didn't expect Mary to take care of his children.
Tom certainly didn't expect anything like this.
Tom certainly didn't do as good a job as he usually does.
Tom certainly didn't disappoint the audience.
Tom certainly didn't deserve the punishment he received.
Tom certainly didn't approve of the way Mary was behaving.
Tom certainly did what Mary accused him of doing.
Tom certainly did everything we asked him to do.
Tom certainly did an excellent job.
Tom certainly deserves to receive the award.
Tom certainly deserves praise.
Tom certainly deserves our respect.
Tom certainly deserves our gratitude.
Tom certainly deserves a round of applause.
Tom certainly couldn't have thought up this plan by himself.
Tom certainly couldn't have succeeded without your help.
Tom certainly convinced me that I should lose some weight.
Tom certainly complains a lot.
Tom certainly can't expect to live with us.
Tom certainly can't become a member of our club.
Tom certainly can make things happen.
Tom certainly came up with some interesting ideas.
Tom certainly came out of that mess smelling like a rose.
Tom certainly brags a lot.
Tom certainly believes Mary is faithful.
Tom certainly attracted a lot of attention.
Tom certainly appears to have jumped the gun.
Tom certainly appeared to be enjoying himself.
Tom certainly acted drunk.
Tom causes me a lot of trouble.
Tom causes me a lot of extra work.
Tom caught the ball with one hand.
Tom caught Mary trying to steam open an envelope addressed to him.
Tom caught Mary snooping through his stuff.
Tom caught Mary goofing off.
Tom caught a mosquito between his thumb and first finger.
Tom carried everything he owned in a small suitcase.
Tom can't understand why Mary got so angry.
Tom can't tell which wine is more expensive.
Tom can't tell the difference between expensive wine and cheap wine.
Tom can't tell me what to do.
Tom can't taste the difference between expensive wine and cheap wine.
Tom can't swim very well yet.
Tom can't stop thinking about Mary.
Tom can't stand the smell of cigarette smoke.
Tom can't sleep without a pillow.
Tom can't sit still for a moment.
Tom can't seem to keep his eyes off Mary.
Tom can't seem to get rid of his nasty cold.
Tom can't seem to get over Mary's death.
Tom can't seem to find a decent job.
Tom can't seem to access his data.
Tom can't see a thing without his glasses.
Tom can't ride a bicycle very well yet, so his bicycle has training wheels.
Tom can't remember where he put his wallet.
Tom can't remember where he bought his pink socks.
Tom can't remember exactly where he put his keys.
Tom can't remember exactly where he parked his car.
Tom can't remember exactly when he first met Mary's parents.
Tom can't remember exactly what Mary said.
Tom can't remember exactly what he was supposed to do.
Tom can't remember anything Mary said.
Tom can't really blame Mary for getting angry.
Tom can't read any menu not written in English.
Tom can't put up with Mary's whining any longer.
Tom can't picture himself as a teacher.
Tom can't move as quickly as Mary can.
Tom can't live without a TV.
Tom can't listen to music without tapping his foot.
Tom can't let go of the past.
Tom can't imagine living without Mary by his side.
Tom can't hide the truth from Mary anymore.
Tom can't hide the truth anymore.
Tom can't help wondering why Mary changed her mind.
Tom can't help wondering whether he would have been better off if he had gone to college.
Tom can't have that, but he can have anything else on the table.
Tom can't go to the beach this weekend with you because he has a bad cold.
Tom can't go out drinking with the guys tonight. He has to stay home and take care of his mother.
Tom can't give you an answer now.
Tom can't get over what happened to Mary.
Tom can't get over Mary.
Tom can't get out of his sleeping bag. The zipper is stuck.
Tom can't get Mary to make up her mind.
Tom can't get his ring off his finger.
Tom can't get his computer to work.
Tom can't get his computer to start up.
Tom can't get around without a wheelchair.
Tom can't get along on his salary because he has high medical expenses.
Tom can't get a drink in this club because he's underage.
Tom can't forgive himself for what he did to Mary.
Tom can't figure out how Mary was able to plan a surprise party without him knowing about it.
Tom can't dribble a basketball very well.
Tom can't do the job by himself. Would you mind helping him?
Tom can't do anything about it.
Tom can't decide who he should ask to the prom.
Tom can't decide which approach to take.
Tom can't decide whether to buy a new computer now or wait for a couple of more months.
Tom can't decide whether he should go.
Tom can't decide where to go.
Tom can't decide when he should leave.
Tom can't decide what to do.
Tom can't decide what to buy.
Tom can't come to the phone right now.
Tom can't change the way Mary is, but that doesn't stop him from trying.
Tom can't buy anything today, because he left his wallet at home.
Tom can't blame Mary for being angry.
Tom can't blame anyone but himself.
Tom can't believe Mary's over thirty.
Tom can't believe Mary said that.
Tom can't believe Mary really believes that.
Tom can't believe Mary is really planning to go.
Tom can't believe Mary actually said that.
Tom can't bear to see Mary so unhappy.
Tom can't bear the thought of Mary going out with John.
Tom can't be that naive.
Tom can't be old enough to have a daughter as old as Mary.
Tom can't be all that bad.
Tom can't back out now.
Tom can't always get what he wants.
Tom can't afford to take it easy.
Tom can't afford to hire a babysitter.
Tom can't afford to buy a yacht.
Tom can't afford the kind of rent they're asking for.
Tom can't afford that kind of computer.
Tom can't afford all the stuff Mary wants him to buy on his salary.
Tom can write with either hand.
Tom can walk only if he has his cane.
Tom can understand why Mary is feeling depressed.
Tom can understand perfectly well.
Tom can take care of that.
Tom can take care of himself.
Tom can still wear the same size jeans he did when he was twenty years old.
Tom can still play the piano even though he doesn't own one now.
Tom can speak three languages.
Tom can speak French fluently.
Tom can sleep anywhere.
Tom can see the many weeds that had grown up around the house.
Tom can remember the day he first met Mary.
Tom can remember the chords to the song, but can't remember all the lyrics.
Tom can put away the equipment.
Tom can put away more money, tax-deferred, for retirement.
Tom can play "Red River Valley" on the harmonica.
Tom can no longer afford to live in the style he is accustomed to.
Tom can never go home again.
Tom can make it without Mary's support.
Tom can hardly fit into the jeans he bought last year.
Tom can handle just about anything.
Tom can handle it, I think.
Tom can give you an answer tomorrow.
Tom can expect to hear from us by the end of the month.
Tom can eat pretty much anything.
Tom can eat just about anything.
Tom can do whatever he wants as far as I'm concerned.
Tom can do the job, I'm sure, but it'll take him a long time.
Tom can do just about anything.
Tom can do better, I think.
Tom can do all sorts of things quite well.
Tom can count on Mary.
Tom can cook very well.
Tom can come with us if he wants to.
Tom can be reasoned with.
Tom can be reached by email.
Tom can be difficult to deal with at times.
Tom can be contacted directly.
Tom can be contacted by phone.
Tom can be contacted by email.
Tom can barely see without his glasses.
Tom can always count on Mary for help.
Tom can also speak some French.
Tom came up with a new technique.
Tom came up with a good solution.
Tom came up with a good idea.
Tom came up to me after class and asked me a few questions.
Tom came to the conclusion that no matter what he did, Mary wouldn't like it.
Tom came to see if Mary needed any help.
Tom came to me for help.
Tom came to Japan from Australia.
Tom came to his senses and decided to turn himself in to the police.
Tom came to Boston soon after graduating from high school.
Tom came to Boston looking for work.
Tom came to Boston in 2001.
Tom came to Boston in and lived here until 2010.
Tom came to Boston after graduating from high school.
Tom came right over.
Tom came over to join us at our table.
Tom came over last night.
Tom came just in the nick of time.
Tom came here this morning to give you this.
Tom came down with a cold.
Tom came back to Boston last year.
Tom calls his karate teacher Sensei.
Tom called the wrong number.
Tom called the meeting to order.
Tom called the insurance company to report that his car had been stolen.
Tom called tech support for help.
Tom called Mary, and there was no answer.
Tom called Mary to tell her that he might need her help later in the afternoon.
Tom called Mary to ask why she wasn't at the party.
Tom called Mary to ask her whether she wanted him to buy some bread on his way home from work.
Tom called Mary to ask her to help at the bake sale.
Tom called Mary last night and encouraged her to join the team.
Tom called Mary every bad name under the sun.
Tom called Mary at about 2:30.
Tom called Mary and had her pick him up at the station.
Tom called Mary and found out she wasn't planning on coming.
Tom called Mary and asked her to meet him for a drink at the bar across from his office.
Tom called Mary a taxi.
Tom called her Mary even though that wasn't really her name.
Tom called a taxi for Mary.
Tom calculated his expenses.
Tom buttoned his shirt.
Tom buttered his toast.
Tom burned himself.
Tom bumped into a Mary on his way to school.
Tom bumped into Mary because he wasn't looking where he was going.
Tom brushed the sand off his pants.
Tom brushed his teeth and washed his face.
Tom brought up an interesting point during the meeting.
Tom brought some pictures to show the class.
Tom brought refreshments.
Tom brought Mary a gift.
Tom brought his knife just in case he needed it.
Tom broke up with Mary.
Tom broke the rules and was kicked off the team.
Tom broke Mary's clarinet.
Tom broke Mary's clarinet reed.
Tom broke into our conversation.
Tom broke into a cold sweat.
Tom broke his promise and didn't help Mary.
Tom broke his leg.
Tom broke his glasses.
Tom broke down and told Mary the truth.
Tom brings us gifts whenever he visits.
Tom braided Mary's hair.
Tom bowed politely.
Tom bought way too much milk.
Tom bought way too many onions.
Tom bought this house after his father's death.
Tom bought this for me.
Tom bought some mosquito nets made in China to give to his friends.
Tom bought some apples and made apple sauce.
Tom bought presents for his children.
Tom bought new laces for his shoes.
Tom bought his truck used.
Tom bought an engagement ring for Mary with money he inherited from his grandfather.
Tom bought a piece of land not far from where Mary lives.
Tom bought a mask and a snorkel so he could go snorkeling with his friends.
Tom bought a lottery ticket.
Tom bought a condominium near the lake.
Tom bought a bucket of extra-spicy fried chicken and a container of coleslaw.
Tom bought a beer for himself.
Tom borrowed some books from the library to read over the weekend.
Tom boiled the well water so it would be safe to drink.
Tom boiled the potatoes.
Tom boiled some water.
Tom boiled me some eggs.
Tom boarded the ship.
Tom boarded the plane.
Tom boarded a train bound for Tokyo.
Tom blow-dried his hair.
Tom blew his nose.
Tom blames Mary for his mistakes.
Tom blames Mary for everything.
Tom blames Mary for all of his problems.
Tom bet $on the race.
Tom bet $on the game.
Tom bet $on the fight.
Tom believes the day will come when there will be no more wars.
Tom believes that what he said is true.
Tom believes that there is a time and a place for everything.
Tom believes that the death penalty should be abolished.
Tom believes that all men are created equal.
Tom believes Mary made the right decision.
Tom believes it's absolutely necessary to drink at least a liter of water every day.
Tom believes anything is possible.
Tom begged Mary for forgiveness.
Tom began working as a volunteer at the homeless shelter while he was still in high school.
Tom began to worry about how he was going to pay for his son's education.
Tom began to wonder who Mary had learned French from.
Tom began to wonder how Mary always seemed to know where he'd been.
Tom began to suspect that Mary was planning a surprise birthday party.
Tom began to suspect that Mary was cheating on him.
Tom began to really enjoy jogging after a few days.
Tom began to like Mary more and more.
Tom began to learn French about three years ago.
Tom began to cry.
Tom began to believe that he'd never be able to walk again.
Tom began talking about what he did for a living.
Tom became afraid of Mary.
Tom became the acting chairman of the committee.
Tom became popular.
Tom became nervous.
Tom became John's roommate.
Tom became interested in snowboarding when he was about twelve.
Tom became interested in music because his neighbor was quite a musician.
Tom became friends with Mary.
Tom became famous because he married a famous actress who had been married many times before.
Tom became famous as a violinist.
Tom became discouraged.
Tom became depressed.
Tom became deeply interested in art history.
Tom became aware that he had forgotten to tie his shoes.
Tom became a manager.
Tom became a little flustered.
Tom became a little concerned when Mary didn't arrive when she said she would.
Tom became a hero.
Tom became a father.
Tom beat Mary unconscious.
Tom beat Mary to death with a baseball bat.
Tom beat Mary in tennis.
Tom baked a cake for Mary's birthday.
Tom backed his car out of the parking space.
Tom backed his car out of the garage.
Tom attracted a crowd of children as soon as he started playing his bongos.
Tom attempted to predict the results.
Tom ate the three apples in less than five minutes.
Tom ate sushi at an expensive restaurant just around the corner.
Tom ate some spoiled food and became sick.
Tom ate my bacon, lettuce and tomato sandwich.
Tom ate everything on his plate.
Tom ate a lot more than I expected.
Tom ate a Japanese-style breakfast for the first time yesterday.
Tom ate a bowl of clam chowder.
Tom assured me that he would be here in time for the opening speech.
Tom assured me that this kind of problem wouldn't happen again.
Tom assumed that Mary would pay her bills on time.
Tom assumed that Mary knew why John was in the hospital.
Tom asked us if we had any questions.
Tom asked the waitress for the wine list.
Tom asked the waiter for another cup of coffee.
Tom asked the waiter for a menu.
Tom asked the man at the front desk where he could get his suit pressed.
Tom asked someone sitting near the window to open it.
Tom asked some of his friends for their opinions.
Tom asked several people the same question.
Tom asked Mary why John was so unhappy.
Tom asked Mary who she wanted to hire.
Tom asked Mary where she'd put the key.
Tom asked Mary where her house was.
Tom asked Mary when the last time she had seen John was.
Tom asked Mary when she had sold her first painting.
Tom asked Mary what was wrong.
Tom asked Mary what to do.
Tom asked Mary what the word meant, but she didn't know either.
Tom asked Mary what she thought of John.
Tom asked Mary what she thought of his tie.
Tom asked Mary what she thought he should do in this situation.
Tom asked Mary what she really wanted to do.
Tom asked Mary to think it over.
Tom asked Mary to take off her shoes before she entered his house.
Tom asked Mary to take him to the hospital.
Tom asked Mary to sweep the floor.
Tom asked Mary to scrub the toilet.
Tom asked Mary to mind her own business.
Tom asked Mary to keep an eye on John.
Tom asked Mary to go away.
Tom asked Mary to buy him a ticket.
Tom asked Mary several times to open the window.
Tom asked Mary out to dinner, but she said no.
Tom asked Mary not to make any long-distance calls on his phone.
Tom asked Mary not to discuss the matter with John.
Tom asked Mary not to discuss the matter with anyone else.
Tom asked Mary if she would teach his son French.
Tom asked Mary if she would teach him French.
Tom asked Mary if she would take his picture.
Tom asked Mary if she was OK.
Tom asked Mary if she needed a ride home.
Tom asked Mary if she knew where he could buy an assault rifle.
Tom asked Mary how much she'd paid for the sofa in her living room.
Tom asked Mary how much money she had.
Tom asked Mary for some money.
Tom asked Mary for her telephone number.
Tom asked Mary for her advice.
Tom asked Mary for a loan.
Tom asked Mary about the traffic accident she was involved in when she was five years old.
Tom asked Mary about her life in Australia.
Tom asked Mary about her family.
Tom asked Mary a few questions that she wasn't able to answer.
Tom asked if there were any other options.
Tom asked if anyone had seen Mary.
Tom asked how much the ticket cost.
Tom asked how much the fare was.
Tom asked for the check.
Tom asked for police protection after Mary and John threatened to kill him.
Tom asked for more coffee.
Tom asked for Mary by name.
Tom asked for a wake-up call.
Tom asked for a table near the window.
Tom asked for a receipt.
Tom asked for a raise.
Tom asked for a discount.
Tom asked for a blanket and a pillow.
Tom asked about the meeting.
Tom arrived just in the nick of time.
Tom arrived just a moment too late.
Tom arrived home soaking wet.
Tom arrived half an hour early.
Tom arrived at just the right time.
Tom appreciated Mary's support.
Tom appreciated Mary's offer.
Tom appreciated Mary's kindness.
Tom appreciated Mary's honesty.
Tom appreciated Mary's help.
Tom applied for refugee status.
Tom applied for a visa.
Tom applied for a passport.
Tom appears to be too tired to tackle that problem right now.
Tom apparently didn't want to go to Mary and John's wedding.
Tom apparently didn't do what he said he would do.
Tom apparently believed what Mary said.
Tom apologized for what he said.
Tom apologized for his son's rude behavior.
Tom answered the policeman's questions.
Tom answered the phone.
Tom answered all the questions that Mary asked him.
Tom announced his candidacy for class president.
Tom and three of his friends went on a picnic.
Tom and only Tom can do it.
Tom and Mary will have their 13th wedding anniversary soon.
Tom and Mary were working together.
Tom and Mary were supposed to take their dog to the vet this morning.
Tom and Mary were only married for a few months.
Tom and Mary were on the same wavelength.
Tom and Mary were often seen together.
Tom and Mary were neighbors, but seldom saw each other.
Tom and Mary were friends in high school and started dating a few years after graduating.
Tom and Mary were close friends.
Tom and Mary were already eating dinner when I got home.
Tom and Mary wanted to spend a few days in the mountains.
Tom and Mary understand each other perfectly.
Tom and Mary took the boat out of the water.
Tom and Mary have to stay married for the sake of the children.
Tom and Mary talked about what had happened.
Tom and Mary spent the weekend working on a jigsaw puzzle.
Tom and Mary spent all morning baking cupcakes.
Tom and Mary speak to each other in English.
Tom and Mary shared the cost.
Tom and Mary seem to be more than just friends.
Tom and Mary sat way in the back.
Tom and Mary sat at an unpainted picnic table eating their lunch.
Tom and Mary rearranged the furniture in their living room.
Tom and Mary pitched their tent near the stream.
Tom and Mary often talk to each other using Skype.
Tom and Mary often had their morning coffee on the front porch.
Tom and Mary met for dinner.
Tom and Mary looked at each other and smiled.
Tom and Mary like walking together in the woods.
Tom and Mary lie to each other all the time.
Tom and Mary insult each other all the time.
Tom and Mary hope that their next child will be a boy.
Tom and Mary haven't been happy for a long time.
Tom and Mary have very different opinions.
Tom and Mary have to work together.
Tom and Mary have one daughter and two sons.
Tom and Mary have no children.
Tom and Mary have gone swimming together a number of times.
Tom and Mary have been married three years.
Tom and Mary have been friends since they were kids.
Tom and Mary have been friends for a long time.
Tom and Mary have been dating for three months.
Tom and Mary have an understanding.
Tom and Mary have an extraordinarily happy marriage.
Tom and Mary have a lot in common.
Tom and Mary had an enjoyable day together at the zoo.
Tom and Mary had a wonderful time together.
Tom and Mary had a shotgun wedding.
Tom and Mary had a huge fight this morning.
Tom and Mary got to know each other.
Tom and Mary got divorced last year.
Tom and Mary finally decided to get divorced.
Tom and Mary fight with each other all the time.
Tom and Mary fight all the time.
Tom and Mary even talk about the same things.
Tom and Mary even always wear the same color clothes.
Tom and Mary eat steak two or three times a week.
Tom and Mary don't trust each other.
Tom and Mary don't see much of each other anymore.
Tom and Mary don't like each other.
Tom and Mary don't know each other.
Tom and Mary don't have much time to talk together. Their children are always demanding their attention.
Tom and Mary don't have any children.
Tom and Mary don't have a good relationship.
Tom and Mary don't get along with each other.
Tom and Mary didn't expect to see each other.
Tom and Mary did some brainstorming.
Tom and Mary dated for a couple of years.
Tom and Mary counted the ballots.
Tom and Mary couldn't talk to each other then because they didn't speak a common language.
Tom and Mary couldn't find an empty picnic table.
Tom and Mary contradict each other all the time.
Tom and Mary chose Hawaii for their honeymoon.
Tom and Mary can't seem to agree on anything.
Tom and Mary bought some new furniture.
Tom and Mary bought matching shirts.
Tom and Mary both work about forty-five hours a week.
Tom and Mary both like riding horses.
Tom and Mary both have quite a few friends.
Tom and Mary both had new bicycles.
Tom and Mary both feel the same way about that.
Tom and Mary both enjoyed that movie.
Tom and Mary argue with each other all the time.
Tom and Mary aren't at all compatible.
Tom and Mary are very old friends.
Tom and Mary are really good friends.
Tom and Mary are planning to get divorced.
Tom and Mary are planning to get a divorce.
Tom and Mary are no longer friends.
Tom and Mary are good for each other.
Tom and Mary are a good match.
Tom and Mary agreed never to talk about the incident.
Tom and his family survived the earthquake.
Tom always thought he'd like to become a forest ranger.
Tom always tells Mary everything.
Tom always forgives Mary, no matter what she does.
Tom always carries a camera with him wherever he goes.
Tom almost spilled his coffee.
Tom almost never lies to Mary.
Tom almost never eats breakfast.
Tom almost never complains about anything.
Tom almost married Mary.
Tom almost lost his mind.
Tom almost forgot about the meeting.
Tom almost fainted.
Tom almost didn't recognize Mary.
Tom agrees with Mary up to a point.
Tom agrees with a lot of what Mary said.
Tom agreed with everything Mary said.
Tom agreed to help Mary clean the kitchen.
Tom advised Mary to take some time to think over her options.
Tom advised Mary not to believe everything she reads on the Web.
Tom admitted his mistake.
Tom admired Mary's courage.
Tom added some interesting spices to the stew.
Tom accomplished what we thought he wouldn't be able to accomplish.
Tom accidentally deleted all the files on one of his external hard disks.
Tom accidentally cut his hand when he was slicing carrots.
Tom accepted the offer.
Tom abandoned the idea of buying a new truck.
Tom abandoned his dream of becoming an oceanographer.
To be a good translator, I think Tom needs to hone his skills a bit more.
This was the first time Tom had ever seen a demolition derby.
This looks like it might be the weapon that was used to kill Tom.
Think of how much worse it could have been if Tom had not been there.
Things began to work out for Tom.
They wouldn't serve Tom a drink because he was underage.
They told Tom that he had to sign a nondisclosure agreement.
They brought Tom in on a stretcher.
There's not enough room in here for both Tom and Mary.
There was nothing Tom could do to help Mary.
There was no doubt in my mind that Tom would make the right decision.
There was no doubt in my mind that Tom was the one who stole my motorcycle.
There was no doubt in my mind that Tom knew the answer.
There is no doubt in my mind that Tom will win the election.
There is no doubt in my mind that Tom didn't commit suicide.
There is a sewing machine and an ironing board in the room where Tom used to sleep.
The teacher told Tom that he couldn't give him anything higher than a C.
The security guard told Tom that he couldn't take pictures in this area.
The problem is that Tom isn't a very good teacher.
The problem is that Tom isn't a good driver.
The problem is that Tom doesn't want to sit next to Mary.
The problem is that Tom doesn't know how to speak French.
The policeman gave Tom a ticket for reckless driving.
The police were at Tom's door within three minutes after the phone call.
The police were at Tom's door with a search warrant.
The police took pictures of the cigarette burns on Tom's body.
The police promised Tom that they would look for his daughter.
The police have Tom under surveillance.
The police didn't think it was likely that Tom had killed himself.
The police couldn't find any footprints outside Tom's bedroom window.
The only time Tom seems to be happy is when he's with Mary.
The only sport Tom is any good at is tennis.
The only spice Tom puts on meat is pepper.
The only restaurant that Tom really likes is the one across the street.
The only reason Tom went to the party was that he expected Mary to be there.
The only place Tom hadn't looked was in the basement.
The only flavor ice cream that Tom eats is vanilla.
The only fingerprints that the police found on the doorknob were Tom's.
The only country Tom has ever lived in is Australia.
The most dangerous thing Tom ever wanted to try to do was to hold a poisonous snake.
The most dangerous thing Tom ever tried to do was bungee jumping.
The last time I saw Tom he was walking on crutches.
The last time I saw Tom he was as drunk as a skunk.
The doctor told Tom that he had to wear a cast for three weeks.
The doctor told Tom not to take a bath for a week.
The doctor told Tom not to eat or drink anything for three hours.
The doctor told Tom he'd just have to learn to live with the pain.
The doctor told Tom he needed to eat a more balanced diet.
The boss sent Tom to Boston on business.
The bomb blew Tom's house to smithereens. Fortunately, he wasn't at home at the time.
The bomb blew Tom's car to smithereens.
The bed in Tom's room was unmade.
The baritone sax that Tom wanted to buy was way too expensive for him.
Starting a fight with Tom wasn't such a good idea.
Someone stabbed Tom with an ice pick, but he's OK now.
Some old lady told Tom that he looked like Charles Darwin.
Since Tom wanted the chocolate much more than she did, Mary let him have it.
Since Tom is a bartender, he uses an ice pick every day at work.
Since his hands were full, Tom pushed open the door with his knee.
Please ask Tom if he can spare another few minutes.
Play your cards right and Tom might invite you to his party.
People in the village still talked about the horrible way Tom had died.
One thing Tom does that isn't very safe is that he uses the same password for every website.
One afternoon in late spring, Tom went out for a swim and was never seen again.
Nobody really cared that Tom didn't help.
Nobody cares why Tom is a vegetarian.
Nobody cares who Tom hired for the job.
Nobody cares when Tom says he's leaving.
Nobody cares what happens to Tom.
Nobody can make pizza as well as Tom can.
No one knew how much Tom loved Mary.
No one else noticed that Tom had snuck into the room.
No matter what you say, I don't think Tom is a nice guy.
No matter what you do, Tom will never agree.
No matter what Tom wears, he always looks great.
No matter what I do, Tom always complains.
No matter what happens, Tom always shows up on time.
No matter how many people tell him he made a mistake, Tom still insists he's right.
Neither Tom nor Mary was in a talkative mood.
Maybe something happened to change Tom's plans.
Mary's not pretty, but she isn't ugly, either.
Mary wore a simple white dress.
Mary went back to using her maiden name.
Mary was definitely the prettiest girl at the party.
Mary wanted to marry a man with ambition.
Mary is Tom's stepmother.
Mary is Tom's stepdaughter.
Mary hired Tom to paint her house.
Mary has hair down to her waist.
Mary doesn't like it when Tom leaves the toilet seat up.
Mary didn't wear any jewelry.
Mary asked Tom what he thought of her dress, but he knew better than to tell her what he really thought.
Many of my friends think that Tom and Mary are overprotective parents.
Let Tom decide what you need to do.
Just because Tom said he had never met Mary doesn't mean it's true.
Just because Tom said he didn't have a key doesn't mean it's true.
It's too early to tell if Tom will be able to walk again.
It's possible that Tom will get into Harvard.
It's possible that Tom was able to convince Mary to do his laundry for him.
It's possible that Tom doesn't know how to unclog a sink.
It's just a matter of time before Tom gets into trouble again.
It's hard to believe that Tom could murder someone.
It's been three years since Tom started working for Mary.
It'll take Tom some time, but eventually he'll get over Mary.
It'll take some time, but eventually Tom will be able to walk again.
It would be virtually impossible to convince Tom to come along with us.
It would be unethical for me to tell you about Tom's medical problems.
It won't be easy persuading Mary to go.
It wasn't Tom's first time to hear Mary sing.
It wasn't Tom's first time to drive a sports car.
It wasn't easy for Tom to tell Mary what she needed to hear.
It was Tom's first time to see the Golden Gate Bridge.
It was still dark when Tom left home for school.
It was high time that Tom got out of there.
It was hard to resist the impulse to wring Tom's neck.
It was already dark when Tom got home.
It took Tom every ounce of courage he had to admit to Mary that he had once been part of a terrorist group.
It looks like Tom has lost a little weight.
It looks like I was right about Tom not showing up for the meeting.
It irritates Tom when Mary leaves the cap off the toothpaste.
It irritates Mary when Tom leaves the toilet seat up.
It hasn't been easy for Tom to make ends meet.
It hasn't been easy for Tom to learn how to walk again.
It hasn't been easy for Tom to earn enough money to support his large family.
It hasn't been easy for Tom to deal with Mary's health problems.
It didn't take Tom long to realize he wasn't welcome there.
It didn't surprise me at all that Tom got arrested from drunken driving.
It didn't surprise me at all that Tom didn't do what he'd told Mary he was going to do.
It didn't surprise me at all that Tom couldn't afford a lawyer.
If Tom hadn't helped Mary, she wouldn't have stood a chance of surviving.
I've heard that Tom buys things on the black market.
I'm pretty sure Tom won't do anything crazy.
I'm looking for Tom. Have you seen him?
I'll let you know if Tom shows up early.
I'd love to see inside Tom's house.
I wouldn't like to be in Tom's shoes.
I would never have guessed that Tom couldn't swim.
I would never have guessed that Tom could speak French so well.
I would never have guessed that Tom and Mary would fall in love with each other.
I wonder why Tom ever wanted to marry Mary.
I wonder why Tom didn't go to the concert.
I used to hang out with Tom a lot, but these days he's not around much.
I tried to get Tom to talk to Mary.
I tried to get Tom to ignore Mary.
I tried to get Tom to help Mary.
I tried to get Tom and Mary to play with John.
I think Tom won't be able to catch up with Mary.
I think Tom shares too much personal information online.
I think Tom likes you.
I think Tom likes Mary.
I think Tom could learn a lot from you.
I think Tom could accomplish just about anything he decides to do.
I think Tom can do it if he tries.
I think that Tom doesn't do drugs.
I think that Tom and only Tom can do it. However, some people think that Mary could do it, too.
I think it's unlikely that Tom will come to the party alone.
I suppose Tom told you what happened.
I like Tom's plan better than Mary's plan.
I lent Mary the money to pay this month's rent.
I imagine that Tom will eventually run out of money and have to go back home.
I imagine that Tom will eventually learn to deal with the way people treat him.
I imagine that Tom will eventually give up and let someone else do it.
I imagine that Tom will eventually fire Mary.
I imagine that Tom will eventually find out that Mary has been talking behind his back.
I imagine that Tom will eventually figure out that Mary doesn't really like him.
I imagine that Tom will eventually convince Mary to let him buy a new motorcycle.
I imagine that Tom will eventually be caught and put in prison.
I imagine that Tom and Mary will eventually get married.
I hope Tom gets here on time.
I hope Tom doesn't read this.
I heard Tom split up with Mary.
I heard that Tom used to hang out with drug dealers and murderers.
I heard that Tom is going to turn himself in to the police.
I heard a man's voice and thought it sounded like Tom's.
I heard that you had a date with Tom. How was it?
I have no reason to believe that Tom won't do what I asked him to do.
I have better things to do than sit around all day waiting for Tom.
I had a feeling that Tom wasn't going to be able to find his dog.
I had a feeling that Tom and Mary would decide not to buy that house.
I don't think it's likely that Tom will come over this time of night.
I don't think Tom is particularly handsome.
I don't know why, but I'm sure that Tom has his reasons for not hiring Mary.
I could kick myself for not inviting Tom and Mary to my party.
I could have sworn that I saw Tom downtown today.
I can't tell if Tom is joking or not.
I can't remember the last time I saw Tom.
I bet we'll see Tom before the end of the week.
I asked Tom to make sure that he didn't show up late.
I asked Tom to help me get out of trouble.
How long have you known Tom?
Half of what Tom says isn't true.
For all Tom knew, Mary might be in Boston with John.
Everyone thinks Tom married Mary for her money.
Everyone in the office was impressed with the way Tom handled the problem.
Eventually, Tom will realize that he needs help.
Even though Tom had promised to pay, he stuck Mary with the bill.
Even though Tom didn't want to, he was too polite not to invite Mary to his party.
During the exam, Tom cheated off Mary.
Don't worry about Tom. He can take care of himself.
Don't blame Tom for what Mary did.
Does Tom go to church every Sunday?
Does Tom get migraines often?
Does Tom get into the city very often?
Does Tom ever wear short pants?
Do you think Tom will come back tonight?
Do you think I should tell Tom?
Do you know where Tom's staying?
Do you know where Tom lives?
Do you know where Tom bought his new computer?
Do you know when Tom will be home?
Do you know what Tom looks like?
Do you have any idea where Tom might be?
Didn't Tom say he had something to tell Mary?
Did you understand what Tom was trying to say?
Did Tom let you drive his car?
Did Tom let Mary drive his car?
Convincing Tom to do the right thing was hard.
Can you think of any reason why Tom and Mary shouldn't get married?
By the time Tom realized what was going on, the police had already arrested Mary.
Both Tom and Mary were wearing trench coats.
Because Tom mistranslated one sentence, our company lost a lot of money.
As strange as it may sound, what Tom said is what really happened.
As strange as it may sound, what Tom said is true.
Are you on good terms with Tom?
All Tom wanted was for Mary to play a couple of tunes on her ukulele.
All Tom wanted was for Mary to love him as much as he loved her.
All Tom wanted was for Mary to leave him alone.
All Tom wanted was for Mary to learn to get along with John.
All Tom wanted was a nice hot bath.
All the women thought Tom was really handsome.
After working all day, Tom was really tired.
After Tom dumped Mary, she started seeing John.
A young boy, who couldn't have been more than five years old, asked Tom how to get to the post office.
A lot of people feel the same way Tom does.
We need to remember to send Tom a birthday card.
We need to remember to pick Tom up at the station at 2:30.
Your mother is worried sick about you.
You're not responsible for what happened.
You'd better watch what you say.
You'd better be careful what you say.
You shouldn't prejudge people.
You should've quit when you were ahead.
You should make sure that you tie a bowline.
You should make sure that you have enough money in your pocket to pay for the ticket.
You should have told me about the problem sooner.
You should go see a dentist.
You should eat more.
You should assume that we won't have enough money to buy everything we want.
You should assume that email messages aren't private.
You should assume that anything you do online is public.
You need to relax.
You need to make a decision by 2:30.
You need to be more careful from now on.
You know where to find me if you need anything.
You don't have to speak so loudly. I can hear you very clearly.
You catch more flies with honey than you do with vinegar.
You can't unscramble an egg.
You can't see Mt. Fuji from here.
Would you like go out for a drink after work?
Would one of you be willing to lend me your bicycle for twenty minutes or so?
With five minutes left to play in the third quarter, the game was stopped because of lightning.
Why don't you take a long walk off a short pier?
Whose idea was it to pitch the tent here?
Where did you get this list?
Where are you hurt?
What's going on out here?
What right do you have to order us around?
What movie was it that you told me I should watch?
What happened to that friend of yours that you introduced me to last weekend?
What are you doing here this time of night?
We've been talking about you.
We'd better get a move on or we'll be late.
We should let sleeping dogs lie.
We need to remember to put some gasoline in the car.
We need to remember to mail this letter tomorrow.
We need to prepare for the worst.
We need to keep this confidential.
We don't have enough information yet to make a decision.
We desperately need more money to help fund our project.
Washing the car took longer than we expected.
This type of thing never used to happen here.
This town hasn't changed much in the last ten years.
This is a stressful situation.
This coffee is undrinkable.
These apples are rotten.
There's still a lot to be done.
There's something I need to tell you before you leave.
There's nothing more I can tell you.
There's no need to hurry. We have plenty of time.
There is a bird feeder in our backyard.
There are still many things left to do.
There are some things that you should never try doing.
The room smelled like someone had been smoking.
The reporters demanded to know why the mayor wouldn't talk to them.
The police told me not to leave town.
The police found a dead body in an abandoned car near the park.
The magazines were dog-eared.
The doctor arrived in the nick of time.
The curtains were all open.
The consequence of a wrong translation can sometimes be catastrophic.
The breakfast dishes were still in the sink.
That's not my job.
Thanks for seeing me on such short notice.
Thanks for coming on such short notice.
Sometimes it's hard to resist the impulse to burst out laughing.
Someone stole my tennis racket.
Someone scratched my car.
Someone broke my camera.
Someone broke into my apartment.
Some people say Japan is a male-dominated society.
Some parents complained about the nude pictures in their children's textbooks.
Shut up and let me think.
Several guys were hanging around in front of the bar.
Professional translators quite often specialize in just one field, for example law or medicine.
Please cut along the dotted line.
One problem translators face is that sometimes the source document is poorly written.
On the plate was a piece of chicken, a potato and some green peas.
Nobody cares how much the dinner is going to cost.
No matter what I try, I can't seem to give up smoking.
Many, if not most, professional translators only translate into their native language.
Let's wait and see how things go.
Let's not rule anything out.
Let's go get snockered like we did last weekend.
Let's face reality.
Let's change into our swimsuits and go swimming.
Let me reiterate what I've said.
It's so noisy here I can't hear myself think.
It's nice to be back home.
It's good to be home.
It's difficult to help people who don't believe they need help.
It's difficult to help people who can't admit they need help.
It's difficult to help people when they don't want your help.
It's difficult to help people that don't want your help.
It's dark in here. Do you have a flashlight?
It'll take some time, but I think I'll be able to learn how to play the guitar.
It'll take some time until we have enough money to buy a new tractor.
It'll take some time to shovel all the snow off the roof.
It'll take some time to get used to wearing a wig.
It'll take some time to get used to living here.
It'll take some time to finish unloading the truck.
It wasn't much of an earthquake.
It wasn't much of a yard.
It wasn't much of a view.
It wasn't much of a storm.
It wasn't much of a plan.
It wasn't much of a party.
It wasn't much of a debate.
It wasn't much of a bridge.
It takes about minutes to get to my office.
Is there something I can get for you?
Is there something I can do for you?
Is there any reason not to go?
Is that your car in the driveway?
In Japan, you never have to go too far to find a convenience store.
If you want to achieve the kind of success that I think you do, then you'll have to study harder.
I've got better things to do than to sit here listening to your gossip.
I'm willing to try eating anything you eat.
I'm willing to take care of your children, if you want me to.
I'm willing to go anywhere you go.
I'm too tired to think about this problem now.
I'm too tired to drive. Could you drive?
I'm sure you did what you thought was the right thing to do.
I'm sorry, but I can't lend you my car next weekend.
I'm ready to start working whenever you are.
I'm ready to leave whenever you are.
I'm not in a position to discuss that.
I'm not all that drunk.
I'm just not cut out for this kind of work.
I'm having fun.
I'm having a hard time concentrating.
I'm getting too old for this.
I'm doing the best I can.
I'm doing all I can.
I'll let you know if I find anything interesting.
I'll just have to improvise.
I'll help you after work if I'm not too tired.
I'll give you anything you want within reason.
I'll do the best I can.
I'll do everything within my power to make sure your children are safe.
I'll be back.
I'd rather stay home and sleep all day.
I'd prefer to only hire people to translate into their native language.
I would never have guessed that you could buy butter for such a low price.
I wonder if I should really become a teacher.
I wish you could be a little quieter.
I wish there was more I could've done.
I wish I had a reason not to stay.
I wish I had a reason not to go.
I wish I could be more specific.
I was wondering if I could use your computer for a while.
I was wondering if I could borrow your newspaper.
I told you before that I'm not interested in hanging out with you.
I think you're cute.
I think you need to buy a new pair of hiking boots.
I think we still have plenty of time.
I think I've forgotten something.
I think I broke my leg.
I suppose it makes sense to go ahead and pay the bill right now.
I suggest you have a native speaker read over your report to make sure there are no errors.
I plan to throw all of this away. You may take whatever you like.
I plan to go. I don't care if you do or not.
I hope you feel better tomorrow.
I hope things will turn out well for you.
I hear a lot of girls wear bikinis at that beach.
I have better things to do than stand here and take your insults.
I hate the tie you're wearing.
I hadn't expected anyone to be home.
I guess I have nothing to lose.
I figured it wouldn't hurt to wait for a few more minutes.
I don't want to talk about it.
I don't think your plan will work.
I don't think we can really say that one is right and the other is wrong.
I don't see how I can refuse.
I don't know what this means.
I don't know how else to put it.
I don't know about you, but I feel pretty good today.
I don't have all the facts.
I don't have all the details.
I could use some help in the kitchen.
I could kick myself for not bringing a map.
I can't really describe it.
I can't hear what you're saying.
I can understand your point of view.
I can lend you some money if you need some.
I can lend you some money if you like.
He wrote down all the details.
Have you ever wanted something so much that you'd do anything to get it?
Have you ever been bitten by your dog?
Has your dog ever bitten you?
Go play in traffic.
Everything seems to be in order.
Everybody was obeying the speed limit, so I knew there was likely a speed trap ahead.
Don't worry about your dog. I'll take care of him.
Don't blame me for your mistakes.
Do you think you can manage to keep things going until I get back?
Do you think the shooting was accidental?
Do you think that's significant?
Do you need a ride?
Do you know where we live?
Do you know how to get to our place?
Do you have someplace to stay?
Do you have enough time?
Do you have enough money?
Do you have enough energy?
Do you have enough blankets?
Do you have any plans for tonight?
Do you have any plans for today?
Do you have a girlfriend?
Do the police have any suspects?
Did you sleep much last night?
Did you get enough sleep last night?
Did you catch anything the last time you went fishing?
Could you please explain what's going on here?
Could you download a file for me?
Coming here was a mistake.
Cleaning the garage wasn't much fun.
Can you think of any reason why that might be the case?
There were two pieces of cake.
Modern DNA analysis has exonerated many people on death row in the US.
The film crew is on their fifth take because the actress keeps flubbing her lines.
Man is the only animal subject to becoming an imbecile.
She told me that if I don't stop smoking she's going to dump me. Sounds like an ultimatum to me!
The basic job of an advertising agency is to figure out how to turn a desire into a need.
My wife has the strange habit of pilfering wads of toilet paper from public restrooms.
The top spun perilously close to the edge of the table.
President Lincoln was assassinated with a bullet to the head, right behind the left ear.
I'll do my best to have no regrets.
When the bell rang, the teacher ended the class.
Since he was able to walk so far, he must have strong legs.
Back when there were still hundred yen bills, the American dollar was worth yen.
It was already late, so I went back home.
As for America, Mr. Smith came.
There has been no rain for two weeks.
What are you eating?
Greetings, old friend!
What I am commanding you to do?
How certain are you that he's a criminal?
I say "Hi, friend.".
I said that I was confused.
Xalbo, who are you talking to?
I talk to you.
You talk to me about that.
I sell this to you.
That is beautiful.
I talk to you about this.
I go quickly to Mary.
This is spaghetti.
The dog is beautiful.
This pleases me.
My dog is fast.
Hey, John.
Who is talking to you about me?
What are you talking to?
You're what?
Are you healthy?
Yeah, Ill go.
John went to the store.
You are my mother.
You are my father.
That is a boat.
That is a ship.
That is a schooner.
That's a lemon tree.
John is a big boy.
I run quickly.
You are a large person.
You are a small person.
That's a blue house.
This is a good house.
That is a blue house.
I try to go to the market from the house.
I go quickly.
John goes to the market.
Preem Palver is the first speaker.
Anyi and Asun are two brothers.
You are John.
That is a Chrysler car.
Alice didn't walk to the market.
Jones is not the first speaker.
I went to the market.
Jones isnt the first speaker.
Please support Lojban!
This is three meters long.
The market is big.
The man is a woman.
Frank eats some cheese.
A bear wrote the story.
A human being wrote the story.
The person carried the piano.
Butter is soft.
Rats are small.
I am a typical Lojban user.
You walk on the ice.
Hello, girl with the red dress!
Goodbye, Bob and Nora.
John, come to me!
The Joneses go to the store.
My name is John.
I say, Im John.
I had sex with a Soviet-American woman.
I said a complex tanru.
I know that cntrational is interested in Lojban.
I am English in that I eat biscuits.
Are you Chinese?
Is your coworker an American?
The teacher is Chinese.
Chen is not American.
Those students are Korean.
Is your father a businessperson?
I'm Korean.
Is he Malaysian?
Chen is not a businessperson.
Chen is not a university student.
Are you Chinese, sir?
Chen is not Korean.
Chen is a teacher.
He is a university student.
I am Korean.
I am not Canadian.
I am not a businessperson.
I like China.
He really likes the United States.
Do you like tea?
I don't like this book.
I like your friend very much.
Do you like your boss?
Does your friend like tea?
I like perfume tea.
I also like perfume tea.
I like the teacher.
I really like China.
Does he like China?
He likes tea.
Do you like your classmates?
Do you like this book?
Yang doesn't like my friend.
Do you like Chinese food?
I don't like tea.
Do you like your coworkers?
I really like my coworkers.
He likes this book.
Do you like my friend?
Do you like school?
The students don't like school.
Do you like Korean food?
I really like it, too.
Where is the metro St. Michel?
We are at the boulevard St. Michel.
The fountain is over there.
There is the Seine and here is the bridge.
The metro's not on the left, so it's on the right.
There it is.
The metro is on the right!
I'm a tourist, too!
I am in Paris.
We are in Paris.
There is the fountain and here is the metro.
But where are we?
We are in the forest.
That's a tree.
Yes, but that?
That's only an elk.
We are here.
I hope that you aren't afraid.
What species of elk is it?
It costs euros.
I'm eating now.
I ate.
I will eat.
I eat to the north of your house.
He jumps far away from me.
Far away from you, I sleep.
He sang a long time ago.
I sang for two hours.
I ran for a mile.
I drank a liter of coffee.
I have never loved you.
The Doctor travels through all space and time.
Thank you for greeting me.
I am done teaching.
I'll start swimming very soon.
Bananas are delicious.
I eat an apple.
That's a party.
This is me eating a banana.
I know that you are learning Lojban.
I remembered that you were my brother.
I know that Lojban is good for you.
People believe that god exists.
My computer is expensive.
He is Ramudu.
Read this.
Have you finished your meal?
What! Is this true?
Ramudu came.
Sita smiled.
The baby cried.
Lalita called.
Ramudu came to school.
Sita smiled pleasantly.
The baby cried loudly.
Lalita called us to the wedding.
Has Lata come?
Has the rose blossomed?
Is the work done?
Has the red rose blossomed?
Has Lata come from school?
Did you do yesterday's homework?
I asked you, "is the work done?"
Why did you call me?
How did you draw this picture?
When will Sita go to Eluru?
What is the price of that book?
When will uncle come from Vijayawada?
What is the time now?
Where is Mary?
At what time should we go to the station?
How many mangoes do you want?
Bring tea.
Go there.
Give this to Ramu.
Read this in the evening!
Bring tea immediately!
Go there tomorrow!
Give this book to Ramu.
Oh! Marvelous!
Oh! Is it true?
Aw, has he fallen!
Ah! How beautiful the Taj Mahal is!
The picture is nice, well done!
Oh! Is what you said true?
Ah! How serene is this temple!
Oh! Raju has fallen down the stairs!
Well done! You have drawn this picture nicely.
I think that you're right.
Let's hope to arrive on time.
We hope to arrive on time.
Do you hate poor childen?!
He heard footsteps.
He was wide open in the endzone.
All of them are good teachers.
Its long neck resembles that of a horse.
The teacher sits on the chair.
She is a beautiful woman.
I need some nutmeg.
My sweetheart said it was only a temporary separation.
They discussed his proposals at the meeting.
Congratulations on your face.
He lost his movie ticket.
It's OK with me if we barbecue, but I don't like it when smoke gets in my eyes.
Even if the sun were to rise in the west, I wouldn't break my promise.
His advice didn't help much.
Even though we tried our best, it was useless.
Our best efforts weren't of much help.
His advice didn't help at all.
His pretentiousness is irritating.
His smug behavior is offensive.
His conceited attitude makes me mad.
His snobbish attitude gets on my nerves.
His briefcase was filled with water.
The car he was riding crashed into a train.
His death made everyone sad.
His death was mourned by everyone.
There's no excuse for his delay.
His eyes are like those of a leopard.
His eyes look like those of a leopard.
Come now.
Thanks for the dinner.
He will arrive sooner or later.
Could you please give me your cellphone number?
Golf is the sport that I don't like.
I invited her to a movie.
She does not cook well.
She is terrible at cooking.
His hands were blue because of the cold.
His hands turned blue because it was so cold.
His hands had turned blue because of the cold.
His house is near the river.
His house is near a river.
His house is by the river.
His idea is better than yours.
His influence is still undiminished.
His invention deserves attention.
His invention is worthy of attention.
His new movie is disappointing.
All he is thinking about is meeting her.
The only thing he's thinking about is seeing her.
His paper is better than mine.
His essay is better than mine.
His wish was to go to America.
I came to Tokyo three years ago and I've been living here since.
Swimming is one thing I can do fairly well.
Painting is another thing I can do fairly well.
Riding a unicycle is one thing I'm not very good at.
Juggling is another thing I'm not very good at.
What is an open folder?
Is it an elk?
We do not learn for school, but we learn for fun.
No matter how hard I try...
I just want you to know how much I appreciate this.
You'll be fine!
The death of Ronnie James Dio made me very sad.
He gave me all the money he had on him.
He gave me all the money he was carrying with him.
John isn't the kind of man who would betray you.
John was a lazy person until he met you.
Root beer is considered a classic American carbonated soft drink.
She was eager to go home.
My house is close to the supermarket.
I'm sorry, my dad is not at home.
What does he expect?
In Japan, we still sometimes see someone use an abacus, but not as often as we used to.
We arrived in Osaka the day before yesterday.
There was a statement in the Asahi newspaper yesterday or the day before stressing that you shouldn't quote Wikipedia.
That school looks just like a prison.
Let's discuss that problem later.
We see what we want to see.
She's good at tennis.
Concerning this matter, I'm the one to blame.
Concerning this, I'm the one to blame.
My phone is beautiful.
Please don't make me laugh. I did too many sit-ups yesterday and my stomach muscles hurt.
I'm begging you. Don't make me laugh. I did too many sit-ups yesterday and my stomach muscles hurt.
My leg's gone to sleep, so whatever you do, don't touch my leg now.
My leg's gone to sleep, so I don't think I can stand up right away.
I saw many people who had no clothes and I saw many clothes which had no people in them.
The next day the wreck of the ship was discovered on the shore.
I'm beginning to hate her.
I'm starting to dislike her.
Tom found himself starting to hate his wife.
Even though Tom used to be my best friend, I'm beginning to hate him.
Please don't talk about me when I'm gone.
I'm beginning to see what you mean.
I'm beginning to see a pattern.
I'm beginning to doubt whether Tom can really understand French all that well.
I'm beginning to believe that we'll never be able to convince Tom that he's wrong.
The girl Tom was beginning to love was beginning to love him, too.
I'm growing tired of all this arguing.
I'm getting sick and tired of all your complaints.
Tom's probably sick and tired of the way Mary's been behaving lately.
I'm sick and tired of eating zucchinis every day.
Tom has been an inmate of a high-security prison for the past three years.
Three long-term inmates of the state penitentiary have just escaped.
Last century they would have just thrown someone like Tom into a lunatic asylum.
I'm beginning to understand why you don't like Tom.
I'm beginning to understand why Tom loves Boston.
I'm beginning to understand why you don't bother to try to explain things to Tom.
Tom hates it when Mary pretends to understand sports.
I don't pretend to understand global warming.
I don't pretend to understand women.
Tom pretended to understand Mary's poem.
I heard that song so many times on the radio that I grew to hate it.
Tom pretended he didn't understand what Mary wanted him to do.
Tom pretended not to care.
Speaking the same language in between several cultures sometimes is a source of more confusion than to speak different languages, since we are less aware of the different meanings that the same words can entail.
Tom told the men sitting around the table that he'd never played poker before.
You pompous git!
Tom pretended that he didn't care.
Tom pretended he didn't care.
The only thing I can do is bring a cup of tea.
I'm sorry, I have to respond to the messages.
The truth is that I lied.
Tom does not like this color.
I would prefer to not leave tonight.
My telephone is pretty.
I'm sorry, my father is not home.
Pardon me for a moment.
I was born October 10th, 1972.
Why do you think that soccer isn't very widespread in the United States?
I wrote the book.
I play tennis after school.
That's none of your business!
What's your opinion of the Gulf War?
What do you think about the Gulf War?
The bridge was to be built by the soldiers.
Thanks, brothers.
He has a beautiful daughter.
My father is a teacher of the English language.
The boys and girls play in the garden.
"Is your wife British?" "She isn't British, she's Scottish."
I have two red fish.
He is my brother's friend.
My German friend is called Hans.
That which is not today, will be tomorrow.
I don't have a family.
He is a storyteller and a poet.
The boy bought a dog.
Seiko doesn't have sisters.
I don't want to write satire. However, satire is often the result.
I don't know the Latin language.
The girl has a beautiful doll.
The books are ours.
Hello, I'm Nancy.
Camillus returned to the city triumphant.
The voice of the people is the voice of god.
The dog was in a box under the table.
Are you breathing?
Italy is a beautiful land.
"Are the books yours?" "They aren't."
Nobody is so learned that he is able to know all things.
After the death of Caesar, a comet shone for seven days.
We arrived at the city before night.
I urge that you all read carefully.
Now I'm reading, you're reading and he's reading; we're all reading.
God wills it.
I'm returning to Rome.
Hello teacher. How are you doing?
A country ought to be loved by the citizens.
God created the earth in six days.
The teacher was speaking about the virtue of the Romans.
Music is the greatest of the arts.
There is no life without music.
Wolves wander in the woods.
Caesar led the whole cavalry across the mountain.
Nobody is born learned.
This boy is lazy.
I can't go to class right now.
The fish can swim.
The horse doesn't have horns; the ox and the sheep have horns.
A good tree can't bear bad fruits.
Suddenly clouds obscured the sky.
The Senate decreed that a new consul be chosen and the country be delivered from the enemies.
My friend lives in that house.
I never speak poorly of anyone.
No, I am not from the United States.
It is easy to love, but difficult to be loved.
Molly has a big clock.
Molly has a big watch.
The meat might be contaminated.
It looks like it is going to rain tonight.
Love is the process of breaking and mending the heart of another.
That man stole my wallet.
That man who is looking at you, do you know him?
There has never been a savior nor an immortal emperor to rely on.
Adding sentences to a master database for the purpose of bringing people together through language is both brilliant and ambitious.
For the first time this week, I went out for a walk.
Curious, did I honestly think that I could get away with it?
Am I to contribute either colourful and interesting sentences or those that illustrate basic syntax?
It became obvious that he was late for his class.
For the most part, I enjoy watching all sports on TV.
Slippery slugs slithered sideways down the slope.
Is it so wrong to enjoy life this much?
So many people drive their cars as if they are in a race.
Is it not concerning the way the markets jitter about these days?
There is a tree in my backyard.
My house is up the road.
I cannot accept.
It is important to brush ones teeth every day.
I cannot express enough the importance of grammatical accuracy.
It occured to me that my sentences may never be translated.
Would you like to go on a trip together?
I have a pair of pears.
I too have two legs in which to walk to work with.
Their hats are hanging over there.
They are?
Rice is nice with a dish of fish.
The sunny side of the hill is full of deciduous trees.
Pass the beer over here.
It should be known that I can stand on one leg.
I find it difficult to believe that you of all people have come to this place.
I own a car.
Jump!
I am.
Would it be all right if I visited you today?
My father, in his infinite wisdom, has forgotten to bring the tarp again.
Trouble lurks.
E-mail was supposed to transform the way people communicate.
It is possible that I forgot my keys.
Welcome to Canada!
Hello, what is your name?
Why are you sitting there?
I loved her.
Peeling an orange can be tricky at times, you never know if it will squirt you in the face.
They're over there, you know, with their dog.
I will go swimming tomorrow.
I have to study hard each day.
There are twenty-two of us in all.
If you were stranded on a desert island and could only bring three things, what would they be?
Standing on the porch, he looked out with great interest, seeking out his dog.
Crashing on my futon, I turn on the television, anticipating my favourite show.
Come over here.
Exactly, you must be him.
The small dog crossed the road.
I had to do it you fool!
You fool, I had to do it!
When I run, I get sweaty.
My mother works at an office.
I have two sisters and one brother.
Um, what time is it?
I have brought my shoes, coat and umbrella.
I used to have one, but it was stolen.
If you go that way and I go that way, we can cover more ground together.
Where is the train?
Where is the bus?
How far is it to the next town?
How many more must I count?
I have a job interview at two o'clock tomorrow afternoon.
My grandmother always said, "Dont breathe and drink at the same time."
It is not possible to not breathe and bathe at the same time.
I will prosper.
My pants are too short.
Bees always buzz near the kitchen window.
Who's playing hockey tonight?
The child stood near the other children.
Above the sink are several whisky bottles.
After so many dates, they finally kissed.
Thank you for the gift.
They say it will rain.
A rainbow consists of red, orange, yellow, green, blue, indigo and violet.
That is an obscenity!
Where does that idiot think he is going?
Wait here. I'll return shortly.
There are three primary colours and nine secondary colours for a total of twelve colours.
It's the police, perhaps we should get out of their way.
Sugared doughnuts are a weakness of mine.
Your cell phone rang a minute ago.
That guy cannot handle his liquor.
Hey mister, you forgot your coat!
You're not looking at the whole picture.
Tom sketched a picture of an elephant for Mary.
I am an adventurer each day.
Uncut timbre is a tree full standing.
Tom wanted to make a mix CD of music for Mary, but all he had were DVD blanks.
He levelled his gaze at her with wonder.
Many moons ago, I was a seaman.
Tom read somewhere that short people need more sleep than tall people.
He had a stony face, etched by time.
In my youth, I was wronged.
I walked up to the villager to ask for directions, but they looked spaced and unable to speak.
She protects you every day.
I used to be a planner, but now I'm a wreckless punk.
If it would please your lordship, I have brought with me some of the loveliest treasures from around the world.
Handfuls of dust slowly drain away from top to bottom as time falls away.
The freshest watermelon is discovered by knocking on its rind.
Hmm, that's fixable.
Commanders are not simple commoners but honourable directors of this war.
Unfortunately, I must decline the offer.
Favours favoured by those of my favourite people will receive them in plenty.
I'm favouring my left leg today.
His computer skills are undeveloped.
Do you have any eights?
Colourless is a world without language.
Have there been many outbreaks of the measles?
Builders, like my cousin, often have to carry heavy materials to site.
His badness is only redeemed by his generosity.
Basing our chances on what we have left, I think we are going to die.
That is the blackest obsidian I have ever seen before.
Water runs through a paper towel as if it were a sieve.
Deserting your dessert is a crime.
There are some friends who are dearer to me than others.
Moreover, he went on and on and on and on, detailing every single lawless act he committed.
Limiting yourself is so limiting.
Milking soybeans must be a tiring task, all that squeezing.
Manliness is loveliest when applied with confidence.
The hotness of this tea is making my cup too hot to hold.
I am gladder than you are, am I not?
The fourteenth was the furthest from my mind... or was it the fifteenth?
Today I want to eat something light.
I do not urinate much.
He asked me to return the money to him immediately.
Hardly anyone thinks that we are sisters.
This child don't know what's coming for him.
Can I take photographs here?
I can't stand that guy.
You cannot solve this problem with the usual method.
There is a bus every minutes.
Mr. Bush is President.
They arrive at the train station in seven hours.
You saved my life.
They are not singing, they are flirting with each other.
When I was in elementary school, my mother always fetched me from school.
I said goodbye to a friend at the train station.
My heart is beating so fast!
I've troubled you!
Why have you abandoned me?
Why hast thou forsaken me?
It's been raining non-stop for three days.
This place has a mysterious atmosphere to it.
Did you know that in Japan, if you have a tattoo, you won't be allowed to bathe in many of the hot spring resorts?
Before we welcome the beautiful tomorrow, every rich men will ensure they have sufficient rest!
Creating creativity itself is improving creativity.
Tom put a Band-Aid over his small tattoo of a spider so he would be allowed into a Japanese hot spring.
One who not long ago thought he had control over something is suddenly lying motionless in a wooden box, and when everyone around sees that such a person is no longer good for anything, they simply burned him up in an oven.
You're going with us.
I purchased one bag.
I am prettier than you.
Do I have to go to the party?
One has to learn English.
I'm going to Paris.
Can you solve the puzzle?
In the beginning God created the heavens and the earth.
The bank is not open on Saturdays.
That remains to be seen.
Tom woke up strapped to a gurney.
It was midmorning when Tom finally woke up.
Tom stuck his tongue out at Mary.
Tom was wearing a bulletproof vest, so the bullet didn't kill him.
Tom was getting sleepy since it was past his bedtime.
I have to -- oh God oh great -- remember such a string of numbers, great famous Archimedes, help the suffering, give him the power, let him recite by heart those famous, and yet for us irritating, ah, numbers of Ludolph!
Was anybody else hurt?
Don't make fun of him.
I can't tell a frog from a toad.
What did the mugger look like?
I talked to your doctor. He told me that you needed to stay in bed for at least a week.
I went on a car trip with a friend.
There were only six people at the party.
He doesn't have the guts to say no to my plan.
You'd tell me if there was a problem, right?
I'm sorry I didn't keep my promise.
How much money do you owe Tom?
How much money do I owe you?
Volcanic ash disrupted air travel.
I can't sleep with all this noise.
I can't sleep with all this racket going on.
I like hugging Veronica.
Their oldest sister still hasn't gotten married.
How much money did Tom take out of the bank?
She says she likes flowers.
They were, so to speak, casualties of war.
I skipped breakfast.
Hey there, good looking!
You wanna arm wrestle?
I am years old.
I'm sorry, but that is simply impossible.
I will travel to work at your office by bus.
Most big Japanese firms depend on exports.
Tom hid the gun in the cookie jar on top of the refrigerator.
They did not fulfill the conditions.
I do not love him anymore.
This telephone doesn't work.
I think it's highly unlikely that Tom will show up today.
Be careful what you say!
In New York there are a lot of Japanese restaurants.
In front of the train station there's a bank.
Would you mind if I watched TV for a while?
Would you mind if I poured myself a cup of coffee?
Why is there no food in my refrigerator?
There's a cat in my house.
What floats your boat?
Does that float your boat?
Does she really float your boat?
That's not my idea of fun, but whatever floats your boat.
You can do anything you want, depending on what floats your boat.
If camping doesn't float your boat, then you probably don't want to spend the weekend with us.
If sitcoms float your boat, then you should watch this one.
If this kind of music floats your boat, let me recommend a few other musicians you may want to listen to.
What's wrong with being nude in your own house?
What's wrong with running around your house naked?
What's wrong with parading around your own house naked?
I think he's a great writer.
Why isn't there any food in my refrigerator?
The crowd cried out for an encore.
"What are you doing with the manure?" "I'm putting it on the strawberries." "Disgusting! We eat them with cream!"
Why isn't there any money in my wallet?
Why isn't there any wine left in the bottle? Did you kids drink it?
Tom knew what kind of woman Mary was.
I thought chances of Tom not noticing what Mary was doing were pretty slim.
Tom was threatened by Mary.
The police shot Tom's tires out.
Do you have any idea when Tom will arrive?
Years ago, when Tom's children were young, he used to take a lot of pictures.
My sister is my daughter's godmother.
How did you hear about us?
Did you hear about the big earthquake in Japan?
Did you hear about the time Tom tried to kill Mary?
Did you hear about Tom's accident?
Did you hear about Tom's fight with Mary?
Did you hear about Tom's promotion?
Did you hear about Tom's resignation?
Did you hear about what happened last night?
Did Tom say what he needed the money for?
Did Tom seem upset?
Perhaps I can be of some assistance.
Grab him! Don't let him get away.
I heard they're going to raise our rent.
Let me explain to you how this works.
A gun won't do you much good if you're not willing to shoot it.
Does Tom always carry a gun?
How do you suppose Tom found us?
How do you think Tom found us?
Tom was stuck in Boston because of the snow storm.
It doesn't matter how much you keep saying this is your house, please stop walking around naked.
Even if it's your own house, please stop walking around naked.
Everyone considers him to be honest.
Buy the full version.
He is fed up with my problems.
Spare some change?
It's good to get up early in the morning.
I am not kidding.
Most of the students here go to school on bike.
He didn't go to class.
He didn't attend class.
He didn't go to school.
The father asked for revenge against the man who deflowered his daughter.
Laser rays are used in the restoration of ancient works.
BitTorrent has been hit by scareware.
We are going to the country.
They really wanted to know what happened.
He really wants to buy a new motorcycle.
She really wanted to tell the secret.
Can you tell me where the church is? I have to speak with the priest.
I have work to do, so go away and leave me alone.
I scaled Mt. Fuji three times.
In spite of all of his riches, he is not at all happy.
Smoking compromises your health.
Do you want a spot of coffee?
It never occurred to me that Tom wouldn't come.
It never occurred to me that Tom might not eat meat.
You have my permission to meet with him.
The event made him famous.
Where do you think you're going?
Please come into my room to help me.
It never occurred to me that Tom would want to meet Mary.
It never occurred to me that the whole thing might be a scam.
It never occurred to me that Tom might feel that same way Mary did.
Tom spoke about the problem with Mary.
The government's financial situation is tense.
It never occurred to me to take a picture of how the garden looked before we started pulling weeds.
It never occurred to me that Tom might not be telling the truth.
It never occurred to me that what I was doing might be illegal.
We sang while hiking.
Your car is cheaper than mine.
I took this picture a week ago.
Have a good trip!
Her face resembles her mother's.
Your car is more expensive than mine.
Now we don't know what to do.
Look at him: he must be quite old.
Tom is in New York now.
Tom isn't in New York now.
Monica does study a lot.
Tom was in New York at the time.
The Rosenfelders might be late.
I do like classical music!
Susan, she likes cats.
I bought a beautiful large ancient red Iranian woolen carpet.
Mr Briggs is no doctor, he is a butcher.
Mr Briggs is not a doctor, he is a vet.
Mr Briggs is not any doctor, he is an excellent surgeon.
We never use sugar.
We never use any sugar.
Why should we study economics?
Don't you add some sugar?
Would you like some sugar in your tea?
I don't want any sugar.
I only use cane sugar.
Is it something important?
The sun is the king of the sky, the moon is the queen of the stars.
Mayor Beccaria is dead.
Sorry!
Kate had a cold.
Perhaps he missed the train.
Monica didn't study a lot.
Monica doesn't study a lot.
Water was found in the dead man's lungs.
A gaze can tell anything.
I'd like to drink something hot.
I'd say the second one.
Some water was found in the dead man's lungs.
The water was found in the dead man's lungs.
Every dumbass with a camera thinks he is a photographer.
The Rosenfelders live in Wheaton, Indiana.
Sylvia loved concerts.
Sylvia loved the concerts.
My Chinese isn't very good.
Friendship is magic.
Tom wanted to meet the Jacksons.
Sue will meet the Browns.
Sue may meet the Browns.
Do they have a computer?
Did she say that?
These flowers have died.
He'd never let me drive his car.
Any alteration to this certificate renders it invalid, and use of an altered certificate could constitute a criminal offence.
She said that?
I wish I were in Paris.
I'd like to be in Paris.
I'm not a midget. I'm a dwarf!
He doesn't like fighting.
To the point.
As long as Colysaeus stands, Rome stands; when Colysaeus falls, Rome and the world fall.
You think to play with me?
We hate this enemy of the country.
I believe you know what Marcus is doing.
The law is harsh, but it is the law.
I believe you know what this is all about.
All sorrows should be tolerable, even if they are great.
I believe you know what you're supposed to be doing.
In my garden many trees are bearing fruit.
I believe you know what I mean.
The deer is more rapid than strong.
I'm from Brazil.
It is my cat.
I hope you can do this.
Render that which is Caesar's to Caesar, and that which is God's to God.
The deer was killed by hunters.
Pyrrhus came into Italy with a great army and many elephants.
When Marcus arrived, I was sleeping.
I know I read the letter to you.
In the morning, I like to put honey on my toast.
He ran so he would get there on time.
I met Tom just the other day in front of the station.
Just the other day, Tom and Mary came over for a visit.
Tom contacted me the other day asking me if I'd play guitar for a charity concert.
Tom ate at a new restaurant the other day, but he doesn't remember the restaurant's name.
As the psychiatrist nodded, he said this.
I can't tell you. It's a secret and if I told you, it wouldn't be a secret anymore.
Why is she here?
I have three chickens in my house.
My chicken is here.
I'm hungry! Let's go and have dinner, please!
Since my husband became sick he's lost kilograms and his pants are now baggy.
Since my husband became sick he's lost as much as kilograms and his pants are now baggy.
Tom finally had to get a restraining order because Mary kept stalking him.
I want to go and have a drink.
I would like to go and have a drink.
"Would you like to go with me?" "You bet!"
I would like to live in a castle.
I want to live in a castle.
She calls her younger sister Mina-chan.
There are nine million bicycles in Beijing.
A number of students said they would be happy to take part in the contest.
He raised his hat in respect.
There is something for everyone at this hotel.
The first word of an English sentence should be capitalized.
The soup is too hot.
Cats were sacred animals in ancient Egypt.
In Japan, the "Beckoning Cat" is believed to bring good fortune to its owner.
Black cats are bad luck.
Through domesticating ourselves like cattle, people began civilization.
Some people believe that black cats bring bad luck.
In Japanese folklore, bakeneko are cats with magical powers.
I wonder why some people think black cats are unlucky.
Some superstitious people in America believe that if a black cat crosses your path, you'll have bad luck.
It's a perfect trap.
I want to kill someone.
I want to kill somebody.
You got skills?
He didn't want to antagonize her.
We are in two.
But I don't want to escape, I want to see Italy.
The cat is black.
The food is very bad.
I think that cultural exchanges are important.
Trans fats are bad for your health.
I am nothing. I shall never be anything. I cannot wish to be anything. Aside from that, I have within me all the dreams of the world.
Belief in miracles is popular.
You can't teach a crab how to walk straight.
From their enemies, wise men learn many things.
Children should always mix their wine, with at least two-thirds water.
While laughing is allowed, it is most dishonest to laugh out loud or to extend one's laughter beyond the limits of a just moderation; the Holy Ghost teaches us that it is the character of a madman to raise one's voice while laughing.
Singing is an honest and pleasurable entertainment, but one must be careful to avoid singing or taking pleasure in listening to lewd songs.
He who wishes to ride far spares his horse.
I love you as a person and I hate your error.
One is not born a woman, one becomes one.
The server encountered a temporary error and could not complete your request.
EPO can be used as a blood doping agent.
Pierrot is crazy.
Here's where the fun really begins.
Here's where the fun begins.
You can't fight City Hall.
We will meet again someday.
That should buy us some time.
Give me a little more time.
I'm on my way out.
She can handle it.
She is a virtuous woman.
Could you write this sentence again? It's not clear.
What did you mean by this sentence?
Please repeat the last three words.
I've been waiting for this moment.
On what basis did the police arrest him?
This has no relevance to my background.
I'm going to enjoy this.
I'm afraid I can't do that.
He painted a dog.
Fight like a man!
Sometimes I forget to breathe.
You guys get the best shots.
My cat is wet.
There is no escape.
I can't shake him.
We've only got one chance.
We did it!
It's over.
You got it.
What have you done?
You blockhead!
Open fire!
It's finally over.
We have to get away from here.
We're still far away. I'll never make it.
I can't believe this.
I'm so hungry.
He was my friend.
Her child was snatched away from her.
It is our destiny.
It's our destiny.
Let's see what you're made of.
We're not done yet!
Have you found the umbrella you said you had lost the other day?
Did you find the umbrella you said you'd lost the other day?
This is the person I talked about the other day.
I can't go back.
This is the person I spoke about the other day.
Tom is the type of person who always demands that something be done rather than request that it be done.
Tom is the type of person who likes to complain.
Tom is the type of person who always has to have his own way.
Tom is the type of person who goes out of his way to help other people.
Tom is the type of person who always has to have the last word.
Tom seems to enjoy provoking arguments.
Tom seems to enjoy watching horror movies.
Tom seems to enjoy being outdoors.
We've got him by the balls.
I want to be better.
The Romans built a fleet of three hundred ships.
Marcus was neither heard to confess nor able to deny.
The brother wrote a letter to the sister.
Wine is the milk of old men.
The sheep in the field are eating grass.
He's a teetotaller.
If there be fear, it would cause failure.
I can see what you mean.
I've decided to cut back on eating in restaurants to only once a week in order to save some money.
I feel so good!
Energy will go wherever we direct it.
Do not punish those without crime.
I'm sick and tired of reading.
Maybe they are happy.
There is no water in the well.
What a beautiful day!
They are seeking a solution.
Claudius, seeing a mighty man before him, saw things looked serious and understood that here he had not quite the same pre-eminence as at Rome, where no one was his equal.
In a sexual relationship, cheating on someone is having sex with someone else.
In a purely romantic relationship, cheating would just be like having a boyfriend who considers himself in love with another girl and he goes and sees her and kisses her and cuddles with her and tells her he loves her.
Isn't there a much better and shorter way of saying the same thing?
This is called aesthetic attraction because it is thought to be similar to other aesthetic desires, such as the desire to keep listening to a good song or to keep looking at a beautiful sunset.
Opinions are not facts.
This is the watch that I'd lost.
Tom thinks that Mary wears too much makeup.
I used to watch this anime a lot when I was a kid, but I can't quite remember what happened to the hero in the final episode.
Tom said that he'd never seen anything like this before.
Tom told Mary that he didn't want to hear any more talk about aliens.
Tom took his place at the table.
Tom took his place at head of the table.
Tom sat down at the table.
We'd better hurry. I don't want to be late for the concert.
Tourists on the French Riviera are being robbed by thieves who gas them as they sleep.
How many died?
See you tomorrow!
I'm not an idiot.
I don't know what to say...
They are not coming today.
I'm not stupid.
I'm not as stupid as you think I am.
This picture reminds me of when I was a student.
Tom has written hundreds of songs.
Tom hasn't taken a bath since three weeks ago.
Tom hasn't been his usual self lately.
Tom hasn't slept at all since the day before yesterday.
Tom hates going to school.
My wife has no libido since she got pregnant. What can I do?
I'd like to introduce to you the gentleman I told you about the other day.
If you want to succeed, you should work hard.
Tom hates to work late on Friday.
Tom hates it when it's hot.
Tom hates it when it's cold.
Tom hates it when it's snowing.
Tom hates driving when it's foggy.
Tom doesn't like people who manipulate others.
Tom doesn't like speaking in public.
Tom hated to bother Mary so late at night, but it was an emergency.
Mary is Tom's oldest child from his third marriage.
All things considered, my father's life was a happy one.
Considering everything, my father's life was a happy one.
How many people died?
How many people do you think die from cancer every year?
Do you know how many people died in yesterday's plane crash?
I wonder how many horses died during the Civil War.
Do you have any idea how many people died when the Titanic sunk?
As far as I know, she hasn't left yet.
Tom has 20/vision.
Don't you have anything better to do with your time?
It doesn't matter to me whether or not I make money doing this.
It's been a long time since I last spoke French.
It's been a long time since I've had a real vacation.
It's been a long time since I've heard Tom play his baritone sax.
It's been a long time since I've seen any dragonflies in this area.
It's been a long time since I've seen you smile.
It's been a long time since I've worn a tie.
It's been a long time since I've written anything.
Tom managed to cut himself while trying to open a bag of peanuts with his pocketknife.
