He deeply regretted this loss.
He felt it was his duty to go.
He had a calm way of speaking.
He rested and became stronger.
He said the treaty was unfair.
He wanted even more territory.
He wanted to be elected again.
He was a big, slow-moving man.
He was silent for a long time.
He would accept no compromise.
He would not take this chance.
He built forty-eight forts.
He did not go into Earth orbit.
He did not like responsibility.
He did not regret his decision.
He did not want such a defense.
He had fallen in love with her.
He had suffered a heart attack.
He owed large amounts of money.
He planned to stay in the Navy.
He said Davis must be captured.
He traveled in a special train.
He was having such a good time.
He was living with the Indians.
He was not wearing a warm coat.
He was running for re-election.
He was suffering from smallpox.
He felt he had done his duty.
He was able to reduce taxes.
He asked his cabinet for advice.
He called for a tax on earnings.
He crossed the Rio Grande River.
He does what he thinks is right.
He had lost all political power.
He made speeches to many groups.
He planned the attack carefully.
He sentenced Brown to be hanged.
He won re-election twelve times.
Later he wrote to the president.
He had trouble getting money.
He often accepted bad advice.
Brown saw that he was surrounded.
He understood he could not win.
He said he didn't like this.
He had worked hard on the speech.
He joined the United States Navy.
He liked them and respected them.
He loved to laugh and enjoy life.
He made several serious mistakes.
He must be at least years old.
He ordered them back to the fort.
He read his books until midnight.
He resigned and fled the country.
He still did not know what to do.
He suffered from health problems.
He thought about it for a moment.
He was just thirty-six years old.
He was quick to criticize others.
He was the king of rock-and-roll.
He would serve a number of years.
She made thirty thousand dollars.
He asked her to remain in the job.
He built them on an assembly line.
He could not sign official papers.
He decided not to wait any longer.
He had almost no formal education.
He had called the rebels traitors.
He ran for governor of California.
He refused to do much campaigning.
He resigned as secretary of state.
He said he regretted the decision.
He spent much of his time reading.
He was re-elected six years later.
He was shot and seriously wounded.
He won by a small number of votes.
Everyone knew he would not be back.
He had many political enemies.
He had suffered some failures.
He served as governor of Ohio.
He did not trust the common people.
He fell into the water and drowned.
He grew up in small towns in Texas.
He only wanted guns and ammunition.
He refused to make quick decisions.
He said Harrison had only one vote.
He sent money to help care for her.
He was captured and held for trial.
He was successful in several areas.
He was weak from the loss of blood.
But he believed he had good reasons.
He asked Lincoln to say a few words.
He did not seem sure of his answers.
He was unconscious most of the time.
He wrote how he wished to be buried.
Lincoln was sad that he had not won.
Only time will tell if he was right.
She alone decided who could see him.
She would go with him to Washington.
He resigned and joined the army.
Then he told Jackson to get started.
He did as he said he would do.
He had few friends there anymore.
He was unable to read much of it.
He had strong religious beliefs.
He said it was unconstitutional.
He wrote about plants and trees.
He even criticized George Washington.
He opened a law office in Cincinnati.
He was a former United States Marine.
He was a member of the Supreme Court.
He was a middle-of-the-road Democrat.
He was ordered to leave, but refused.
He was short and was losing his hair.
Lee said he could not accept the job.
She told him she wanted a divorce.
The people knew he did not like them.
He began to enjoy talking to them.
He had limited skills in politics.
He said he had not known about it.
He did not want to serve another term.
He had said nothing during the debate.
He had to continue his trip in secret.
He immediately called the White House.
He moved west to Nashville, Tennessee.
He said he might never see them again.
He spoke softly to the men around him.
He told reporters he was not involved.
He urged them to come to an agreement.
He visited a children's home in Texas.
He was a fruit farmer from California.
He was forced to return to Washington.
He was told to expect her help.
He studied law at Yale University.
Was he, in fact, guilty of wrongdoing?
He had not been a strong president.
Everything was going as he had planned.
He asked the officials to lift the ban.
He asked the president to do something.
He did not really want to fight at all.
He died as he was returning to England.
He had heard that his friend was dying.
He said Bill Clinton would raise taxes.
He talked of her kindness and humility.
He urged his government not to sign it.
He was a weak child with poor eyesight.
He went to school only for a few years.
He wished to wait until the next night.
In 1962, he ran for governor, and lost.
It appeared that he meant what he said.
He was not interested in the debate.
He wrote to his daughter's husband.
He asked a number of friends for advice.
He had promised to stay out of politics.
He hoped the problem would solve itself.
He is friendly to us and wants our help.
He issued his report in September, 2000.
He must be a good politician and leader.
He permitted them to walk in the garden.
He promised to do his best as president.
He received more than six million votes.
He said he did not want to be president.
He sent some of his men into the valley.
He served in the House for twelve years.
He spoke to the nation on August eighth.
He supported a number of social reforms.
He talked about ending the war in Korea.
He told his assistant that he would win.
He tried to make his reports scientific.
He wanted to be a great military leader.
He was ambassador to the United Nations.
He was a member of the Republican Party.
He was sentenced to prison for one year.
He watched as the doctors bent over her.
He began buying gold in huge amounts.
And he let the two men sleep at his home.
As he was leaving the hotel, he was shot.
He usually was not involved directly.
He had the majority he needed.
For advice, he depended on close friends.
He also promised a strong foreign policy.
He became active in the Republican Party.
He did not believe the election was lost.
He felt severe pain in his back and legs.
He had fled the theater after the murder.
He put his hand to his mouth and coughed.
He was a fresh face in American politics.
He was a good student and a good athlete.
He was elected governor of Texas in 1994.
He was first elected to Congress in 1948.
He was not satisfied with the final bill.
He was well known throughout the country.
He would be paid a small amount of money.
He was not able to do what he wanted.
A year later, he visited the Soviet Union.
He did not win his party's nomination.
He was not considered a strong leader.
He served as a United States senator.
He asked her to read it for him.
He completed many dangerous bombing raids.
He did not live to see the end of the war.
He fought in America's war against Mexico.
He had refused to compromise on the issue.
He looked as if he were going to a parade.
He was the military hero of the Civil War.
He won by a small number of popular votes.
He would sometimes talk with the soldiers.
She could not believe what she saw.
She seemed to be suffering a heart attack.
He returned to his home in Tennessee.
Along the way, he stopped to make speeches.
He seemed to understand foreign policy.
He built an observatory to study the stars.
He had served as a congressman and senator.
He had worked hard to keep Kansas peaceful.
He ordered an army officer to go with them.
He read for more than two and a half hours.
He said he had more important things to do.
He said military force would not be needed.
He said the president's speech was perfect.
He was among the top students in his class.
He was a true patriot and an able diplomat.
He was first elected to the Senate in 1984.
He was head of America's Naval War College.
He was known to the English as King Philip.
He was satisfied with the work he had done.
He was the first man in history to do this.
He would not give it up without a struggle.
In December 1989, he sent troops to Panama.
There was some trouble the day he moved in.
He believed in the supreme power of the law.
He called on state troops to end the strike.
He condemned those who opposed his policies.
He did not think he needed their protection.
He expected many of them to come to his aid.
He knew he did not have much longer to live.
He was never officially charged with spying.
He was taken to the United States for trial.
Jackson said he was not worried about Texas.
Without money, he could do nothing.
He did not think the war would last long.
He seemed to enjoy his life and his work.
He did not know how many of them needed help.
He died soon after he received the documents.
He had not even known that she was sick.
He said he would recognize it when he saw it.
He said the South had good reason to protest.
He spent most of the time at his summer home.
He stood silent for a moment before speaking.
He would learn how to keep financial records.
He would leave the job to his vice president.
His mother died when he was eleven years old.
He was criticized for raising taxes.
Not everyone thought she was a great actress.
He refused to ask for advice from experts.
He spent no more money than was necessary.
At times, he suffered from a painful headache.
He was a very smart lawyer and politician.
He wanted to reduce the tax on imports.
He basically supported the free market system.
He had a high opinion of her abilities.
He said the only answer was a slave rebellion.
He said the United States would not interfere.
He visited the coast of South America in 1499.
He had time to prepare his men for battle.
He made a great deal of money selling milk.
He became a university student and got married.
He earned the money he needed to go to college.
He left the Mexican capital to return to Texas.
He promised himself he would again be governor.
He received a better education than his father.
He regained consciousness and was able to talk.
He said the treaty must be approved as written.
He said the words came straight from his heart.
He spent his sixtieth birthday in the hospital.
He was handsome and only forty-three years old.
Booth broke his leg when he hit the stage floor.
He did not have much time to work on his speech.
He had difficulty in hearing and could not walk.
He now was sixty-eight years old and a sick man.
He said better times were ahead for the country.
He said each meeting should begin with a prayer.
He said he feared his speech had been a failure.
He took the video to a local TV station.
He was eighty-two years old and feeling his age.
He was not completely satisfied with the treaty.
Some talked of shooting him if he did not leave.
The new president did what he thought was right.
Then he would give his letters to another rider.
He was a much better general than politician.
He was not the kind of man that people liked.
She felt that her place was with her husband.
He began to work to get Congress to reduce taxes.
He criticized the war after leaving the military.
He did not believe anyone had the right to do so.
He had not even spoken to the president about it.
He met with reporters to talk about his decision.
He negotiated a free trade agreement with Canada.
He said it was hopeless to continue the struggle.
He shot many lions, elephants, and other animals.
He was a hero of the war of against Britain.
She knew almost all the top government officials.
The Secretary of State said he planned to resign.
He was the best-liked man in the country.
At his side, he carried an ivory and silver sword.
Douglas said he believed the decision was correct.
He came out of the barn with his hands in the air.
She found him sitting alone, his head in his hands.
He told a friend that he felt very tired and weak.
He was a sick man when he got to New Orleans.
One reporter said he looked like a fierce bulldog.
He had a serious illness in the autumn of 1823.
He denounced all forms of dishonesty in government.
He had led the Republican Party with great success.
He had little experience with international issues.
He was very tall and thin, with long arms and legs.
Lee said those were the conditions he had expected.
He explained later how he made this decision.
Soon after he arrived, he received surprising news.
When he was thirty years old, he married Lucy Webb.
He believed he would have all the time he needed.
He came from one of the richest families in America.
He came to the United States as a boy from Scotland.
He found an unexpected way to deal with the problem.
He had made enemies during his early political life.
He never gave up hope that he would reach that goal.
He remained there for many months under close guard.
He shouted to the men inside that he wished to talk.
He stopped to make speeches in cities along the way.
He stopped in many towns and cities to make speeches.
He told them to stay on the north side of the river.
He was a former university professor and researcher.
He went to the house where the president's body lay.
The soldier decided he could not refuse the request.
He believed in protecting America's wilderness areas.
He could not return to his home in the New York area.
He was honest, strong, and willing to make decisions.
Many people thought he was too young to be president.
He said he regretted what had happened.
That night, he became sick with pains in his stomach.
The doctors did not believe he was in danger of dying.
Everywhere he stopped, the people welcomed him warmly.
He judges other people time and again.
In your view, can we judge other people's religion or not?
What are your top ten favorite movies?
The purpose of this interview is to assess whether or not you are suitable for the company.
As he has done a lot of bad things, we can conclude that he is a bad person.
After looking at the research, most of us conclude that vaccines are a good thing.
From this you can conclude that feminism is still necessary.
They are both very competent judges.
I wonder what he's up to.
The hedgehog is a small animal.
Do I exist?
Do you exist?
Does he exist?
Does it exist?
Does she exist?
Do we exist?
Despite the pain, he put on a brave face.
Everyone paired off and began dancing.
This is way better than what you wrote before.
What are you planning to do?
You are my new sweet coconut.
Are you a strong believer in Maoism?
I'll protect her with my life.
Don't go to illegal meetings.
The New Year is here!
This case might not get resolved for a while.
President Cleveland had to compromise.
He had to pay his own debts.
Some railroads had to close down.
A decision had to be made.
Two major issues had to be settled.
The operation had to be kept secret.
Joseph Smith had to move his people many times.
Some people had to use false names to get work.
President Truman had to make a difficult decision.
They had to buy their supplies in New York.
President Grant had to give up any hope of a third term.
This meant Florida had to count the votes again.
President Monroe had to make a difficult decision.
These programs had to be paid for by taxes from the people.
Millions of farmers had to look for other work.
Andrew Johnson had to flee his home to save his life.
Within hours, many of the other banks had to close.
Each person or small group had to build their own boat.
Preparations had to be made for the move to Washington.
The boats had to get close to shore and land at high tide.
The senators were very interested in what he had to say.
Germany no longer had to fight an enemy on two fronts.
The British soldiers rested.
The British climbed the hill.
British troops held that area.
The British finally retreated.
The British acted too late.
The British defeated the French.
The British government was angry.
The British captured Breed's Hill.
Imports of British goods increased.
Hamilton protested against British rule.
The British ambassador liked Burr's plan.
The British would need strong leadership.
Many had spent years in British factories.
News of the British attack spread quickly.
For two weeks, the British soldiers waited.
The British people strongly opposed slavery.
The British commander was forced to surrender.
The British shelling stopped at seven o'clock.
The British fought hard and stopped the attack.
The British and American forces moved ahead.
The British had more troops than the other side.
The people of Boston hated the British soldiers.
Finally, on January eighth, the British attacked.
The flag had holes in it from the British shells.
American-British relations showed improvement.
British forces at this time were winning victories.
In 1779, Spain entered the war against the British.
The British started to attack from across the river.
The British forces were ordered to seize the weapons.
British officers received their orders in April, 1775.
Five hundred British soldiers had been captured.
In 1764, the British Parliament approved the Sugar Act.
The British began with a land attack against Baltimore.
The British experienced many problems fighting the war.
The British withdrew, but attacked again the next year.
General Montcalm attacked several British forts in 1757.
Twenty-five hundred British soldiers guarded the border.
Choosing to fight for the British proved to be a mistake.
The British defeated the French in North America in 1763.
German forces attacked British soldiers near Amiens, France.
His public support for the British government was unpopular.
The British believed the Americans were violating their law.
The British commander ordered his men to rest for the night.
The British had military bases along New York's Hudson River.
The British people turned to a new leader, Winston Churchill.
The American ships were stopped and searched in British waters.
The British ship was captured and brought to the United States.
The British troops fought hard, but could not stop the Germans.
British Prime Minister Neville Chamberlain was forced to resign.
The British foreign minister was always too busy to see him.
Austria had allies, too.
The Allies wasted no time.
The Allies were winning at sea.
One of Serbia's allies was Russia.
The Allies would not be stopped.
The Allies then moved east into Belgium.
The Allies were filled with bitter anger.
The allies controlled all major Iraqi cities.
The Soviet Union and its allies refused help.
Sometimes the Allies could not avoid battle.
The Allies slowly gained control of the Atlantic.
Hitler and his allies had won battle after battle.
Day by day, the Allies pushed the Germans back.
Slowly the allies advanced north through Italy.
Italy, Romania, Portugal, and Greece joined the Allies.
The Allies continued to build up their forces in France.
The German army made a final effort to defeat the Allies.
It already faced a strong fight against the European Allies.
Now it was just Britain alone against Hitler and his allies.
The blockade by Britain and the other allies was very successful.
Most Germans expected the Allies would attack at Calais, in France.
Relations between the Soviet Union and the western Allies were mixed.
The German withdrawal gave the Allies time to prepare strong defenses.
The two countries had fought together as allies in the Second World War.
I heard the sound of battle.
It was not one battle, but many.
The Battle of Fort Sumter was over.
The North won the Battle of Shiloh.
The Battle of North Africa was over.
Another fierce battle was ready to begin.
That half of the battle would not be easy.
The Battle for Monterrey lasted three days.
The Battle of Gettysburg lasted three days.
The battle quickly became a blind struggle.
A fierce battle took place at Monte Cassino.
Eighteen minutes later, the battle was over.
The battle quickly became fierce and bloody.
The battle was an important defeat for Japan.
But very soon, the battle would become fierce.
For the first time, his army went into battle.
The battle was fierce and unbelievably bloody.
The Battle for Belleau Wood lasted three weeks.
This time, the battle would be among diplomats.
Many of Pope's men were not prepared for battle.
One of the events was the Battle of New Orleans.
The South had won the Battle of Chancellorsville.
When the battle ended, not a Texan was left alive.
Too many Confederate soldiers had fallen in battle.
The battle took place near the Little Bighorn River.
There were celebrations along the battle lines, too.
Pershing's forces were not sent directly into battle.
Japanese Admiral Isoroku Yamamoto launched the battle.
Nicholas Biddle began to see that the battle was lost.
A Union army doctor watched the battle from a distance.
Northerners had expected to win the Battle of Bull Run.
The Battle for Quebec was the turning point in the war.
The two sides fought fiercely in the Battle of Iwo Jima.
I think that this will be the last battle of the war.
In the battle of ideas, science defeated conservatism.
The French and Indians won the Battle of Fort Duquesne.
General Lee and the Confederate Army lost the great battle.
A terrible battle took place at Kasserine in western Tunisia.
At the Battle of Verdun, French forces stopped a German attack.
New soldiers would soon take the place of those lost in battle.
In the first few hours of the battle, Union forces were winning.
The Battle of San Jacinto began at four o'clock in the afternoon.
The war continued.
The only answer was war.
Both parties opposed war.
It prevented a civil war.
The danger of war passed.
The War of had begun.
America was at war in 1864.
In 1917, Europe was at war.
War began five years later.
The Cold War continued.
Still, the war was not over.
The war in Europe ended.
The war was officially over.
War was giving way to peace.
World War Two ended in 1945.
Davis did not want civil war.
Polk really did not want war.
Roosevelt was a war hero.
It was an extremely cruel war.
The civil war in Greece ended.
The war had lasted four years.
It appeared that war would come.
There was a danger of civil war.
The war was going badly for them.
America's war with Spain was over.
The war with France was over.
The war could not last much longer.
The war would be fought to the end.
Both men opposed the war in Vietnam.
Not all Americans supported the war.
The French and Indian War had begun.
After the war, Ford entered politics.
Most of the war damage was there.
It was a war no nation really wanted.
Some said his raid was an act of war.
America's Civil War lasted four years.
He joined the Army during the war.
Canada, too, began to prepare for war.
Scott believed it would be a long war.
The Second World War was not yet over.
The Civil War lasted from to 1865.
The Cold War began after World War Two.
George came home from the war as a hero.
Eisenhower had campaigned to end the war.
Kennedy was a Navy hero in World War Two.
Many Russians demanded an end to the war.
Within a week, most of Europe was at war.
France and Britain were at war once again.
In 1959, Cold War tensions eased a little.
He had known some of them before the war.
The president was sure there would be war.
These people said the war was a civil war.
The war had united the American people.
Finally, World War One was officially over.
Japan knew it was winning the war.
Japan had defeated Russia in a war in 1905.
Many feared the start of another civil war.
The Cold War also affected the Middle East.
The situation could only be settled by war.
Adams spent most of the war years in Europe.
Germany wanted Russia to stay out of the war.
Napoleon needed money for a war with Britain.
Senator Dole was a hero during World War Two.
The United States navy was not ready for war.
The army chief reported that the war was lost.
The end of the war in Europe was now in sight.
World War One had ended just years earlier.
In December 1941, the United States was at war.
The United States hoped to stay out of the war.
The war cost 2,million dollars every month.
A civil war began in Bosnia-Herzegovina in 1992.
The two countries were moving closer to war.
And the war between France and Britain was over.
World War One did not end quickly or easily.
Germany did not want war with the United States.
Japan's attack had brought America into the war.
Rocket technology improved during World War Two.
Germany and Japan were defeated.
Japan wanted control of Manchuria.
Manila fell to Japanese troops.
Japanese forces marched into Burma.
The Japanese destroyed Pearl Harbor.
Japan was becoming more powerful in Asia.
Japan's most important opponent was China.
Banks refused to lend money to Japanese-Americans.
Japan wanted to end any Russian threat to Korea.
Japan launched a new invasion of China in July, 1937.
The Japanese military forces seemed too strong to stop.
For the first time, the Japanese Navy had been defeated.
Within days, Japan captured the American island of Guam.
Many Americans were angry about the Japanese invasion.
Japanese and American forces were still fighting bitterly.
Poor Japanese immigrants were willing to work for low pay.
Many nations had signed the treaty in in Kyoto, Japan.
In Japan, military leaders gained control of the government.
President Roosevelt decided not to strike back at Japan immediately.
Allied military leaders found a way to defeat the Japanese plan.
Roosevelt worked hard to improve America's relations with Japan.
In the summer of that year, more Japanese troops moved into China.
Japan's army took control of the government in Tokyo in late 1931.
Nixon was born in California.
Al Gore was born in Washington, DC.
John Kerry was born in Colorado in 1943.
Their daughter Chelsea was born in 1980.
Rutherford Hayes was born in Ohio in 1822.
Hoover was born in the farm state of Iowa in 1874.
George W. Bush was born in the state of Connecticut in 1946.
Roosevelt was born to a wealthy family in New York City in 1858.
Franklin Roosevelt was born to a rich and important New York family.
Ronald Reagan was born in 1911, in the little town of Tampico, Illinois.
Tyler was born and grew up in the same part of Virginia as William Henry Harrison.
Supplies were very low.
Supplies were no problem.
Their supplies were low.
People fought over supplies.
Grant was not worried about supplies.
Food supplies at the fort were very low.
These supplies became extremely valuable.
The southern army needed men and supplies.
The price of these supplies quickly increased.
Canadian officials weighed the supplies of each man.
These companies needed equipment and other supplies.
The Union army's supply lines were on the north side.
Without supplies, his army could not fight very long.
It had been very costly in lives, money, and supplies.
No one had ever tried to supply such a large city by air.
Lee no longer had a way to supply his troops in Petersburg.
Britain faced dangerously low supplies of food.
Grant wanted to cut the supply lines between the two cities.
No one voted against it.
The voting continued.
Monroe received votes.
The convention voted.
The convention voted again.
Each congressman could vote.
All had voted for Aaron Burr.
Finally, the delegates voted.
The people voted in November.
Three voted against the idea.
The delegates voted six times.
Many of the votes were illegal.
One by one, the Senators voted.
Only twenty-seven had voted no.
Polk got only forty-four votes.
The voting began again at noon.
His vote would decide the issue.
The delegates voted immediately.
Each state had just one vote.
Four states voted for Aaron Burr.
Garfield won electoral votes.
The delegates voted on the issue.
The House voted three weeks later.
The House voted thirty-three times.
The vote on the question was close.
Women were given the right to vote.
Americans voted on November 2, 2004.
Delegates voted over and over again.
Most blacks were too afraid to vote.
The radicals had failed by one vote.
The vote took place on May sixteenth.
All the delegates voted to approve it.
Almost sixty-nine million people voted.
Jefferson received electoral votes.
Most opponents of slavery did not vote.
Ford won by one hundred-seventeen votes.
Tilden won more popular votes than Hayes.
Nine million people voted in the election.
Hoover won fifty-eight percent of the votes.
The delegates elected him on the first vote.
Ross Perot received about eight million votes.
The convention voted on the issue sixty times.
Mr. Bush had slightly more votes than Mr. Gore.
Nineteen states voted in the elections of 1816.
The vote was twenty-eight for and twenty against.
No man received enough votes to win the nomination.
None of the candidates got a majority of the votes.
No one received enough votes to win the nomination.
It was clear to everyone that the vote would be close.
Many Republicans did not vote for their own candidate.
Nixon won the election of by a huge popular vote.
The delegates voted ninety-five times without success.
The Congress had no money.
All these things cost money.
There was no money for rebuilding.
The south had no money to rebuild.
The wartime Congress had no money.
His family did not have much money.
One way to get money was to borrow it.
People had more money to spend on new goods.
Grant had never been able to make much money.
The Colombian government demanded more money.
Many of the states owed large amounts of money.
The Emperor agreed to drop the demand for money.
Americans who had money were afraid to invest it.
As more paper money came into use, the value fell.
King Charles borrowed money from William's father.
Men and women made huge amounts of money overnight.
Foreign investors withdrew their money from America.
No government land could be bought with paper money.
The government was earning more money than it needed.
Fewer workers meant fewer people with money to buy goods.
Throughout Europe, people withdrew their money from banks.
Most Americans did not have the money to own an automobile.
The buffalo were killed.
Two Indians were killed.
Five colonists were killed.
Some civilians were killed.
General Braddock was killed.
Only two Texans were killed.
Seven policemen were killed.
A number of people were killed.
Hundreds of people were killed.
Later, more people were killed.
Thirteen Americans were killed.
Many innocent people were killed.
Thousands were killed or wounded.
His son had been killed in a duel.
Thirty-thousand people were killed.
No one on either side was killed.
One American was killed in the fight.
The huge explosion killed six people.
Farm animals were taken away or killed.
Two thousand American soldiers were killed.
About four thousand soldiers were killed.
Hundreds of people were killed or injured.
Many Union soldiers were killed or wounded.
Most of the exiles were killed or captured.
Four soldiers and twelve civilians were killed.
Quakers believe that it is always wrong to kill.
Six hundred thousand men were killed or wounded.
Men, women and children on both sides were killed.
Huge numbers of soldiers and civilians were killed.
I will go to Japanese class tomorrow.
Not every day is Sunday.
The people of old were simple through honesty; the people of today are clever through artificiality.
However, there are instances in history where entire peoples were successfully exterminated.
He talked about music.
Physical strength is an important attribute as far as search and rescue dogs are concerned.
The grey man appeared in the doorway.
If you put your mind into your foot, it becomes the foot.
It is upon awakening that we realize it was a dream.
We are sitting in the same boat.
You should be able to judge when you've had too much to drink.
American forces were withdrawn.
Many Americans supported Nixon.
Most Americans liked Roosevelt.
Many Americans blamed Spain.
Many Americans did not have jobs.
Many Americans welcomed the plan.
The Americans rejected the offer.
Americans were shocked and afraid.
American workers began to protest.
Many Americans opposed the treaty.
Hoover was well-known to Americans.
Lord Ashburton had an American wife.
The Americans surprised the Germans.
The American Navy was ready to fight.
Hundreds of ships left American ports.
Many Americans wanted a gold standard.
Most Americans supported the decision.
The American troops held their ground.
Americans simply had no desire to fight.
Many American planes were shot down.
The Americans did not like the new plan.
The Americans had very little gunpowder.
Smallpox was unknown to Native Americans.
Thousands of Americans owned automobiles.
Not all Americans shared Wilson's opinion.
Some Americans joined the Communist Party.
Many conservative Americans agreed with him.
Most Americans agreed with President Wilson.
The American economy was stronger than ever.
Most Americans approved of what Coolidge did.
The American economy suffered a recession.
Several American warships were sent to Panama.
American troops stayed in Nicaragua until 1933.
Hoover withdrew American forces from Nicaragua.
African Americans demonstrated for civil rights.
Black Americans continued to suffer from racism.
Many Americans protested the purchase of Alaska.
The American Senate quickly approved the treaty.
The year saw a change in American politics.
It was extremely cold.
The winters were bitterly cold.
Election day was cold and rainy.
It was bitterly cold in Washington.
Jackson's eyes grew as cold as ice.
Winter in this area was extremely cold.
It was not very cold, but it was always wet.
Cold weather and insects destroyed their crops.
Late in March 1841, his cold turned into pneumonia.
It was the end of winter, and the weather was very cold.
It was the coldest inaugural day in the nation's history.
This cruel cold could make a man afraid of his own voice.
The weather had been hot.
The two sides struggled for hours in the hot summer sun.
The request became a hot political issue in the presidential campaign.
It was a warm, friendly meeting.
It was summer and the weather was warm.
The new president was a warm and friendly man.
His warm way with people had made him hugely popular.
President Taft wrote a warm goodbye letter to his friend.
The discovery took place on a warm August day in 1896.
No one seemed to hear.
No one knows the answer.
No one could buy anything.
No one opposed the choice.
No one welcomed the proposal.
No one did anything but dance.
No one wanted to talk about it.
No one wanted to insult these men.
There was no one else on the road.
No one is sure how many people died.
In Washington, no one knew what to expect.
No one could be sure what would happen then.
No one expected him to be a candidate again.
No one found any reason to criticize his actions.
It looked like no one could stop President Reagan.
No one liked President Buchanan's message to Congress.
No one can be forced to give evidence against himself in court.
No one knows exactly how many people considered themselves hippies.
A doctor examined Mr. Brown.
Doctors removed the bullet.
Doctors were called to the White House.
Doctors were afraid to remove the bullet.
His family and his doctor urged him not to go.
There were not many doctors in the gold fields.
A doctor tried to remove the bullet from his back.
Jackson asked the doctor to cut out the bullet at once.
A doctor tried to remove the bullet from the president's head.
A doctor quickly cut off his left arm and stopped the heavy bleeding.
After a few weeks, doctors made Cleveland a new jaw out of hard rubber.
The boy's plan was to study medicine and return to Saint Croix as a doctor.
Bill was sent to live with his grandparents while his mother studied to become a nurse.
The nation needed more and better teachers.
The soldiers had artillery.
You have been good soldiers.
Why were 14,soldiers lost?
The soldiers could see him now.
The young soldier was confused.
The soldiers began returning home.
The soldiers set fire to the barn.
There were soldiers on these ships.
The Union soldiers fought fiercely.
His soldiers feared and respected him.
German soldiers marched through France.
The soldiers had more powerful weapons.
Soldiers came home and started families.
Cuban soldiers were guarding the streets.
More and more Russian soldiers lost hope.
The soldiers ordered the miners to leave.
The city was full of hungry soldiers.
The soldiers could do nothing until spring.
The soldiers returned to their lines.
Soldiers shared their food with the Indians.
The army sent soldiers to remove the miners.
The soldiers were tried in court for murder.
Most of these men had not been soldiers long.
Fort Moultrie had fewer than seventy soldiers.
The Spanish soldiers used smokeless gunpowder.
Thousands of soldiers and civilians were dying.
The soldiers on the boats would be easy targets.
A crowd of soldiers waited at Lee's headquarters.
The soldiers stopped at every farm and village.
Soldiers on both sides were dying by the millions.
Soldiers began to come home and find peacetime jobs.
Thousands and thousands of soldiers lost their lives.
The army forced him to resign.
Santa Ana's army was destroyed.
The Confederate army retreated.
The Union army shelled the city.
The army faced little opposition.
Lee's army fought off each attack.
The navy was ordered to go to sea.
The Mexican army threatened action.
A large army and navy would be needed.
Public pressure forced the army to act.
The army had no men near Harpers Ferry.
Washington's army has captured Trenton.
He returned to the army camp.
His army was west of the Mississippi River.
The Texans began to organize their own army.
Who was going to organize these men into an army?
Germany's leaders were losing hope.
The nation's leaders had no choice.
Republican leaders denied the charge.
Western leaders condemned the action.
Many leaders supported the compromise.
Business leaders blamed it on Roosevelt.
Several party leaders met in private.
Grant was not an effective political leader.
Parents and religious leaders criticized him.
His actions greatly angered Mexican leaders.
Federalist leaders denounced Jefferson's policy.
Some of the Indian leaders refused to negotiate.
The Confederate leaders refused to accept defeat.
Republican Party leaders criticized President Hayes.
Food shipments were blocked.
There was no place to buy food.
The Indians gave the settlers food.
Mobs broke into stores looking for food.
The Indians had difficulty finding food.
There was enough food for forty days.
There were severe shortages of food and fuel.
Oats have long been food for horses and mules.
The men had little to do except hunt for food.
Wagons would go out each day in search of food.
Some people could not buy food or other necessities.
The government would give them food for the winter.
The explorers began to suffer from a severe lack of food.
This photo shows a man who owns a small food store.
The lines of people waiting for food were longer than before.
Getting food to Fort Sumter would be a very difficult job.
In many areas, there was little food and the people were hungry.
Jackson fell from his horse.
Tractors replaced horses and mules.
More tractors meant fewer horses and mules.
Letters were carried by riders on fast horses.
By the 1750s, all the tribes of the Great Plains had horses.
About sixty men from the tribe quickly arrived riding horses.
Lincoln's plan was good.
Lincoln agreed to do so.
Lincoln liked this plan.
Lincoln opposed slavery.
Lincoln was a Republican.
Lincoln himself was silent.
Lincoln repeated the words.
Lincoln was not well-known.
Lincoln won the election.
Lincoln returned to Washington.
Lincoln said troops were needed.
Southern newspapers attacked Lincoln.
McClellan tried to calm Lincoln's fears.
Lincoln and Douglas talked for two hours.
Lincoln arrived at Gettysburg at sundown.
Lincoln did not want to punish the south.
Edward Everett did not agree with Lincoln.
President Lincoln accepted the invitation.
An old man came up and shook Lincoln's hand.
Douglas finally agreed to talk with Lincoln.
Lincoln was advised to talk about democracy.
Lincoln was glad the celebrations were over.
Lincoln welcomed his old political opponent.
Many people thought Lincoln could be that man.
Abraham Lincoln was assassinated in the spring.
Lincoln agreed that all slaves should be freed.
In 1864, Lincoln decided to run for re-election.
Lincoln was a good politician and a smart lawyer.
Thousands of people went to see President Lincoln.
Abraham Lincoln went back to Washington that night.
President Lincoln wrote all five of these documents.
Jefferson remained calm.
Jefferson rejected this idea.
This did not worry Jefferson.
Jefferson agreed with Madison.
President Jefferson was angry.
Jefferson decided not to resign.
Jefferson believed the nation was in good hands.
Jefferson believed firmly in the value of education.
Both houses of Congress approved Jefferson's proposal.
Jefferson was not ready to give up his plan.
President Jefferson ordered a ban on trade with Europe.
Thomas Jefferson left the White House in March of 1809.
Jefferson was a happy president in those early days of 1801.
President Jefferson did not want the trade ban to last long.
Jefferson sent James Monroe to Paris as a special negotiator.
The treaty was signed.
The treaty was approved.
The treaty was defeated.
Spain approved the treaty.
The treaty made Texas independent.
The two sides signed a peace treaty.
Most people thought it was a good treaty.
The United States had a treaty with France.
France had signed a secret treaty with Spain.
Grant asked the Senate to approve the treaty.
Senator Hoar spoke strongly against the treaty.
The Florida treaty was signed in February 1819.
The treaty gave the United States a canal zone.
A few years later, the treaty was put to a test.
Attempts to negotiate a peace treaty failed.
It seemed clear the Senate would reject the treaty.
Russia signed its own peace treaty with Germany.
The Senate accepted the treaty, and Polk signed it.
The treaty was signed on November 18, 1903.
The treaty did not ban nuclear tests under the ground.
Britain was in no hurry to agree on a peace treaty.
More than one hundred nations have approved the treaty.
The next step was to negotiate terms of a peace treaty.
The United States had no commercial treaty with Britain.
The treaty with Texas was signed April twelfth, 1844.
The United States had a treaty of friendship with Mexico.
The Sioux had signed a treaty with the government in 1868.
The Sioux tribe asked the government to enforce the treaty.
The crisis led to the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty.
The Senate acted quickly to approve the treaty with Britain.
After months of negotiations, the peace treaty was completed.
I am in favour of your proposal.
It's so obvious that it's a lie!
Nearly one billion people around the globe lack access to clean, safe water.
His memory will live forever.
Seated on the floor, she watches me.
She caught sight of the tautology that she was looking for in a crowd of other, equally useless and potentially dangerous, tautologies.
Our company's headquarters are in Tokyo.
You're going to teach me? That's laughable!
Don't interrupt me.
I love blackberries.
Of course I'm kidding!
Of course it's a joke!
Where are we meeting tomorrow? I don't want to get lost again.
You look very introspective.
My best regards.
I drank milk.
I have the right to speak, too.
He shaved.
There is an unbreakable link between language and culture.
Show me a man who lives alone and has a perpetually clean kitchen, and eight times out of nine I'll show you a man with detestable spiritual qualities.
The female loves to play man against man, and if she is in a position to do it there is not one who will not resist. The male, for all his bravado and exploration, is the loyal one, the one who generally feels love. The female is skilled at betrayal and torture and damnation. Never envy a man his lady. Behind it all lays a living hell.
An intellectual is a man who says a simple thing in a difficult way; an artist is a man who says a difficult thing in a simple way.
If you want to know who your friends are, get yourself a jail sentence.
Have you ever seen a pier?
Moor the ship at the pier.
A ship is moored at the pier.
This is for Scotland, not for Sparta.
In wine there's wisdom, in beer there's strength, in water there are bacteria.
The town in which I live is rather small.
I refuse to write this sentence.
Bumblebees are bigger than bees.
We're all friends!
Who is the plaintiff in this trial?
I am the plaintiff in that trial.
Power brings corruption.
Power corrupts people.
This is an obvious sentence.
I don't care about English, I can't even speak it!
I don't care about my future.
Give me the number.
Can I get to know you?
She gave him a slap in the face.
That was not necessary.
The bus became crowded.
The deal was agreed to.
The nation was growing.
There were many others.
There were two bridges.
The system worked well.
The trip west was hard.
Washington was worried.
We must not be enemies.
Wilson felt very happy.
Armstrong walked around.
Carter was re-nominated.
Clay accepted the offer.
Congress refused to act.
Hoover opposed the plan.
I have something to say.
It was a dangerous time.
It was a small incident.
Jackson was a rough man.
Manpower was no problem.
Many could not hear him.
Many of the people died.
Nixon became very angry.
Production fell rapidly.
Rosa Parks was arrested.
Slavery was legal there.
Smith was an honest man.
The appeal was rejected.
The charge was not true.
The Czar was overthrown.
The facts are not clear.
The Indians were hungry.
The nation was at peace.
The order came too late.
The organization failed.
There were lots of jobs.
There were no railroads.
The Spanish fired first.
What was the difference?
Workers lost their jobs.
A ceasefire was declared.
A compromise was reached.
A light rain was falling.
As a result, prices rose.
Banks closed their doors.
Both were extremely rich.
Bush studied the problem.
Custer refused to listen.
Everyone talked about it.
Ford was poorly educated.
Four ideas were proposed.
I deny all those charges.
Inflation was controlled.
It happened in Milwaukee.
It was published in 1969.
I will do the best I can.
Let them keep their jobs.
Many of them were bitter.
Many scientists knew him.
Many senators opposed it.
McClellan wasted no time.
Republicans were furious.
Sixty new museums opened.
Spain controlled Florida.
Tensions were increasing.
The decision is not easy.
The governor was furious.
The gunman was Jack Ruby.
The Mexicans surrendered.
The plan did not succeed.
The ship was not damaged.
The situation grew worse.
Ulysses Grant was a hero.
What was the explanation?
A crowd waited to see him.
Border fights were common.
Dewey was suddenly a hero.
Farmers were doing better.
Few farms had electricity.
Gold was discovered there.
Her courage supported her.
I do not want your houses.
It was eighty meters long.
Many of them carried guns.
Many problems awaited him.
McClellan decided to wait.
People liked Jimmy Carter.
Someone asked about Texas.
The changes were not made.
The issue split the party.
There was a hiss of steam.
There was another problem.
There was much work to do.
There was not enough fuel.
The train left at sunrise.
The wound became infected.
Unemployment rose sharply.
Charles Guiteau was insane.
Few visitors could see him.
Hamilton died the next day.
Herold agreed to surrender.
His policy was soon tested.
His supporters were afraid.
Hoover said this was wrong.
It happened near the house.
It lasted for twenty years.
It was a strange situation.
Jackson stayed for a while.
Many people became Mormons.
Most people were satisfied.
Neither side would give up.
People lost faith in banks.
Pierce was elected in 1852.
Roosevelt kept his promise.
Saddam rejected the demand.
Santa Ana begged for mercy.
Taylor tried to be neutral.
The bomb missed its target.
The cost in lives was huge.
The fighting grew bloodier.
The Iraqis were surrounded.
The job would be difficult.
The land did not cost much.
The opposition was divided.
There were no resignations.
The rioters beat him badly.
The situation was hopeless.
The trial lasted five days.
The trial was all but done.
Thousands lost their homes.
Both were seriously wounded.
Carranza rejected the offer.
Eisenhower kept his promise.
Grant took 14,prisoners.
Grant was extremely popular.
Hamilton did not like Adams.
Her health seemed to suffer.
In 1911, a revolt broke out.
It was an agricultural area.
It was his personal opinion.
It would be a difficult job.
Jackson said this was wrong.
Lenin ordered them to rebel.
Living conditions were hard.
Many of the men became sick.
Most of us love our country.
Paying for it was difficult.
People blamed General Grant.
Police caught the criminals.
Several delegates disagreed.
Several plans were proposed.
Slaves did most of the work.
Suddenly the telephone rang.
Taft did not like it at all.
The compromise was accepted.
The election was very close.
The end was only hours away.
The people demanded answers.
The president seemed strong.
There are clouds in the sky.
The snow was still too deep.
The truce did not last long.
The voyage lasted months.
This made many people angry.
Adams was an intelligent man.
Anderson rejected the demand.
Barney was wounded seriously.
Brigham Young agreed to stay.
Congress passed the proposal.
Harrison's health grew worse.
His clothes did not fit well.
His men fought hard and well.
Hooker was extremely pleased.
Industry was growing quickly.
In fact, Grant did not agree.
It was foggy near the ground.
It was not easy to find gold.
It was not much of a meeting.
Jackson could not believe it.
Jackson could not trust them.
Jackson seemed to get better.
James Madison hated the idea.
John Kerry opposed this idea.
Lee was taking a huge chance.
Life was not easy in Georgia.
Many people were out of work.
One day passed. Then another.
People danced in the streets.
General John Pope made a terrible mistake.
President Wilson was shocked.
Russia rejected both demands.
Sixty delegates were elected.
Some were unwilling to fight.
Strong leadership was needed.
The election was in November.
The fighting lasted one week.
The fires got out of control.
The group left early in 1791.
Their screams filled the air.
Their support for him cooled.
The pilots tested their guns.
There is almost no furniture.
These people were very lucky.
The two men were not related.
The unrest lasted three days.
Those people now had no jobs.
Thousands of people attended.
Van Buren rejected the offer.
What is the president's plan?
What would you expect to see?
A huge crowd of people waited.
Burr told his friends goodbye.
Congress rejected the request.
Daniel Webster also was there.
Hamilton's ideas were extreme.
It was not a complete victory.
It weighed about kilograms.
Jackson accepted their advice.
Johnson defended his policies.
Johnston decided to surrender.
Kennedy spoke about the issue.
Kim Il-sung was named premier.
Kuwait suffered severe damage.
Many farmers lost their farms.
Many people agreed with Mason.
Most of the town was sleeping.
Negotiations lasted many days.
Pemberton rejected the demand.
Prices rose higher and higher.
Racial tensions remained high.
Spain ruled Cuba at that time.
Suddenly, there were gunshots.
The Chicago Tribune was wrong.
The decision was made for him.
The meeting was very friendly.
Then the Germans struck again.
The president remained in bed.
The president was not injured.
There also was another reason.
There is only one thing to do.
There was a moment of silence.
There would be no competition.
These machines were expensive.
The sun seemed to stand still.
The two groups met as friends.
The worst riot was in Chicago.
This ship was ten meters long.
This was not the only problem.
Tokyo surrendered within days.
Truman's popularity increased.
Two passenger ships were sunk.
Work began almost immediately.
An angry crowd screamed at her.
Calhoun had presidential hopes.
Chairs and tables were damaged.
Clay demanded an investigation.
Douglas did not oppose slavery.
Douglas was a short, heavy man.
Glasses and dishes were broken.
Grant refused to accept defeat.
John Adams took office in 1797.
Only a few sailors can be seen.
Public opinion began to change.
Rebel forces prepared to fight.
Some did not know how to fight.
Some of his officers protested.
Some of them were not friendly.
The issue needed to be settled.
The men began to march forward.
There was silence for a moment.
The shelling continued all day.
The statue was built in France.
The train stopped in Baltimore.
The two men had much in common.
The violence lasted three days.
Why did the stock market crash?
A prayer was said over his body.
Arthur was in his early fifties.
Cumming called a public meeting.
His mind had lost its sharpness.
His mother and sister were sick.
It was a most difficult problem.
Losses were heavy on both sides.
Many died of hunger and disease.
Many people had no homes at all.
Millions of men lost their jobs.
President Hayes vetoed the bill.
President Jackson did not agree.
President Roosevelt was furious.
President Roosevelt was pleased.
Slaves were considered property.
The earth became red with blood.
The Germans had strong defenses.
The riot spread across the city.
The trial went on day after day.
Turkey was stronger than Greece.
Warren Harding won the election.
What would the new president do?
Adams won the presidency in 1796.
A gunman shot him in March, 1981.
Andrew became active in politics.
Both sides accepted the proposal.
For a time, things were peaceful.
His mother died four years later.
John Rutledge disagreed strongly.
Many campaign songs were written.
Many had lost their arms or legs.
Many lacked political experience.
Mine owners refused to negotiate.
Muammar Kaddafi escaped unharmed.
President Arthur vetoed the bill.
President Van Buren was troubled.
Protestants were in the majority.
Rachel was buried two days later.
Some even accused him of treason.
Such measures were not necessary.
The assassin was Charles Guiteau.
The bullet cut through an artery.
The Confederate flag was lowered.
The convention opened as planned.
The Klan often terrorized blacks.
The Lusitania sank in minutes.
The miners did not want to fight.
The peace talks ended in failure.
The president appeared powerless.
There is no reason for this fear.
There was a good reason for this.
There was no question about that.
There were no slaves in the West.
These houses were dark and dirty.
The situation there was critical.
The snow was several meters deep.
The threat to Richmond was ended.
The water was calm and very blue.
Thirty-four of them were lawyers.
Warren Harding was an honest man.
Worrying never does you any good.
Zachary Taylor was a slave owner.
A few were drunk most of the time.
All took part in the negotiations.
Almost three thousand people died.
Bill Clinton was found not guilty.
By then, however, it was too late.
Everett stood silent for a moment.
Germany faced possible starvation.
Hamilton's ideas were not popular.
His condition got worse every day.
His policies were too progressive.
It was a great time for Hollywood.
It was July. The heat was intense.
John Kennedy was just forty-three.
Most were unable to read or write.
Opposition to the bill was strong.
President Polk withdrew the offer.
Some of them did very little work.
Taft did not want to be president.
Taft had become very conservative.
The economic situation grew worse.
The governor of Texas was furious.
The gunman was found to be insane.
Their trip in lasted days.
The price of everything increased.
There was fighting in the streets.
There were no stores in the Yukon.
The two sides negotiated for days.
The violence lasted for two weeks.
Twenty railroads were closed down.
Violence increased soon afterward.
Was the Missouri Compromise legal?
Woodrow Wilson was extremely sick.
Alexander Hamilton was a proud man.
Anyone who protested, lost his job.
At first, the Indians were friendly.
Bill Clinton denied the accusation.
Buffalo bones were made into tools.
Ceasefire talks began in July 1951.
Defense lawyers appealed for mercy.
Everett spoke for almost two hours.
Federalists in Virginia were proud.
For many, it was a dream come true.
His name was becoming widely known.
It was a great victory for Jackson.
Jackson agreed to be at the dinner.
Jackson lived for eight more years.
John Brown's rebellion was crushed.
Laika orbited Earth for seven days.
Many children died at an early age.
Many in the theater recognized him.
Many roads and fields were flooded.
Millions of people lost their jobs.
Nothing could be done, except wait.
Now I have to start all over again.
President Monroe was a slave-owner.
President Roosevelt agreed to help.
Roosevelt spoke for almost an hour.
Shepherd tried to run and was shot.
Smith was arrested and put in jail.
Soon, their hunger turned to anger.
Swing music was a new form of jazz.
That made Theodore Roosevelt angry.
The air was full of flying bullets.
The commander refused to negotiate.
The disease spread in several ways.
The first few years were difficult.
The news was unbelievably terrible.
These new immigrants had no skills.
The situation resulted in violence.
Thousands of people rushed to Nome.
Truman had three difficult choices.
William McKinley refused to travel.
William Penn was not born a Quaker.
Working men drank hard apple cider.
A ceasefire began a few hours later.
Almost all of Atlanta was destroyed.
A mighty cheer burst from the crowd.
Congress asked for more information.
Everyone tried to sell their stocks.
Fear washed across the stock market.
His hair is black in color and long.
In August 1990, Iraq invaded Kuwait.
It became difficult to find buffalo.
Jackson was not planning to retreat.
Jacob Coxey was ready for the worst.
Many buildings burned to the ground.
Men with guns were waiting for them.
Millions of workers lost their jobs.
More than five-hundred were wounded.
Newspapers printed the proclamation.
Nixon had run for president in 1960.
Nixon was about to become president.
On election day, voters chose Nixon.
One thousand buildings lay in ruins.
Prices went to amazingly low levels.
Santa Ana stepped down as president.
Settlers were forced off their land.
Some people in the crowd fired back.
The extremists refused to negotiate.
The policemen demanded higher wages.
The situation seemed out of control.
The two sides clashed several times.
This decision had important results.
Thousands of people lost their jobs.
Al Smith's parents came from Ireland.
A number of senators disliked Wilson.
Brown himself did not want to escape.
Congress did not approve the measure.
Heavy rains fell for more than a day.
His blue coat was dirty and wrinkled.
James Monroe easily won the election.
John Quincy Adams spoke to the crowd.
Johnson refused to recognize the law.
John Wilkes Booth carried a notebook.
Many of these things were not needed.
Nixon made the speech on national TV.
Only a few escaped to tell the story.
Pierce wanted to run for re-election.
Railroads were built across the west.
Rockefeller was governor of New York.
Small family farms were disappearing.
Some built houses partly underground.
Some people caught rats and ate them.
Some were farmers, some were hunters.
The attackers were led by John Brown.
The bank was run by private citizens.
The Congress accepted the compromise.
The enemy has demanded our surrender.
The government in Baghdad had fallen.
The government of Mexico surrendered.
The people expected a victory speech.
The people rejected the constitution.
The revolution divided many families.
There was a bridge across each river.
There was a shortage of imported oil.
Tobacco was one of their major crops.
Truman campaigned until Election Day.
A blood vessel burst inside his brain.
All eight prisoners were found guilty.
A week later, Germany attacked Poland.
A young man waited in line to see him.
Bush put together a hard-working team.
Churchill visited Stalin late in 1944.
Conkling decided to resign in protest.
Coolidge won the election easily.
Forty-seven men wanted the nomination.
Franco's forces took control in Spain.
Garvey moved to New York City in 1916.
In some places, people died of hunger.
I wanted to talk to them face to face.
Jackson fought to hold back his tears.
Most of the policemen lost their jobs.
On July tenth, the veto was announced.
Opposition to the embargo was growing.
Parents were hopeful about the future.
Santa Ana was living in exile in Cuba.
The bloody European conflict was over.
The governor ordered an investigation.
The main idea in his speech was unity.
The president wanted immediate action.
The rebellion lasted about two months.
There was almost no color in his face.
There was steady economic improvement.
The United States had nuclear weapons.
The value of the dollar began to drop.
Three million people were out of work.
Tokyo wasted no time in taking action.
What more do we need to make us happy?
Within hours, the world knew the news.
Workers struggled as factories closed.
A new kind of bullet had been invented.
A temporary government was established.
Burr decided not to wait for an answer.
Communists took power in China in 1949.
Everyone was pushing, trying to escape.
Fifty-five people died in the violence.
Five days later, President Taylor died.
France and Britain joined the invasion.
Germany was winning on the battlefield.
Gold had been discovered in California.
Grant attacked Vicksburg several times.
Interest rates and inflation were high.
It had snowed heavily the night before.
Lee was dressed in his finest clothing.
Lord Ashburton accepted the compromise.
Many of them had traded with the enemy.
Many people denounced President Wilson.
Most of them urged him to take the job.
Most people expected John Adams to win.
Only seven Senators remained undecided.
People throughout the north were angry.
Roosevelt's condition improved quickly.
Senator Kerry was considered a liberal.
Songs and poems were written about him.
Technology solved many of the problems.
The fighting lasted about three months.
The fighting there lasted several days.
The next step was to sign the document.
The Pony Express lasted only months.
This plan had little chance of success.
Three were sentenced to life in prison.
Washington often thought of the future.
Wilson probably was correct about this.
Adams did not expect the job to be easy.
A public opinion study was made in 1937.
Biddle was an extremely intelligent man.
Calhoun wanted to be the next president.
Calhoun was too weak to read his speech.
Eisenhower was elected in November 1952.
Herbert Hoover won the election of 1928.
Jackson had his arm around a young lady.
Kane was an old friend of the president.
Military law was declared in some areas.
More and more students began to protest.
Of the eight, only one was found guilty.
President Clinton denied the accusation.
Roosevelt went to church in the morning.
Shell after shell smashed into the fort.
The bomb exploded with a blinding flash.
The crowd applauded for several minutes.
The government owed millions of dollars.
The laws were very difficult to enforce.
The servants' screams awakened everyone.
The settlers accepted the Indians' help.
The two generals met again the next day.
This system worked well until the 1840s.
Thousands of people there were arrested.
A few months later, Israel invaded Egypt.
A severe ocean storm hit the West Indies.
Bill's father was a traveling salesman.
Burr traveled west in the spring of 1805.
Federal negotiators reached a compromise.
General Erwin Rommel was brave and smart.
George Washington arrived the day before.
His negotiators had disobeyed his orders.
I believe I have no legal right to do so.
In 1950, North Korea invaded South Korea.
Jackson received no answer to his letter.
Losses on both sides were extremely high.
Madison's first four years were not easy.
Many in the North felt slavery was wrong.
Many people also considered him a madman.
President Grant had done nothing illegal.
President Johnson rejected the agreement.
President Roosevelt opposed the decision.
Remington spent several months in Havana.
Republicans were defeated in many states.
Suddenly, a man stepped in front of them.
The amendment was first proposed in 1789.
The attack began without enough planning.
The cost of living in America was rising.
The dead and wounded soon lay everywhere.
The island was now surrounded by militia.
The king would not even read the message.
The movie industry became a big business.
There were all sorts of group activities.
There were no fences on the great plains.
The rioters beat many policemen to death.
The situation changed the following year.
The three men fought as long as possible.
The two had been enemies for a long time.
To try to bring it back would be foolish.
We make progress only one step at a time.
Yamamoto had one hundred sixty-two ships.
Brown and his friends were forced to flee.
Congress approved the plan in August 1969.
Democrats and Republicans worked together.
Families needed a lot of help on the farm.
Farm prices had fallen fifty-five percent.
Grant refused to give them a firm promise.
High unemployment and inflation continued.
His boots and pants were covered with mud.
His men began their attack on Mexico City.
I do not want to fight Theodore Roosevelt.
In the 1960s, folk music was very popular.
Lewis and Clark kept very careful records.
Major Anderson was ready to stop fighting.
More and more people began raising cattle.
Quakers believe that all people are equal.
Remington was a cowboy for only two years.
The conference was not a complete success.
The election results were extremely close.
The people wanted a chance to become rich.
The show presented modern art from Europe.
The United States became a nation in 1776.
Wilson clearly had the best chance to win.
Allied forces were attacking from the west.
At first, the local cowboys laughed at him.
Clark made extremely good maps of the area.
Cleveland was not sure the boy was his son.
Conkling refused to accept the appointment.
Historians are not sure who his father was.
I could hear everything the president said.
I have made many sacrifices for my country.
It appeared that some had violated the law.
Jackson sent a message to President Monroe.
Johnston bled to death before help arrived.
Many folk songs were about social problems.
Millions of persons lost all their savings.
President Hoover tried to solve the crisis.
President Jackson called a cabinet meeting.
President Jackson left a few minutes later.
President Madison signed the bill into law.
President Pierce finally agreed to sign it.
Queen Liliuokalani was forced to surrender.
Saddam Hussein had disappeared into hiding.
Sherman met with Johnston a few days later.
The 1960s were years of protest and reform.
The prisoners themselves could say nothing.
There was another clash a few months later.
These taxes raised the prices on all goods.
The two men were tried by a military court.
The United States had become a world power.
Truman's first big problem was the economy.
A crisis in France could be bad for America.
After much debate, Congress passed the bill.
Britain refused to be part of the agreement.
Calvin Coolidge was quiet and plain-looking.
Chester Arthur had been a successful lawyer.
Computers were invented forty years earlier.
Congress approved the resolution in October.
Franklin Roosevelt became president in 1933.
Harrison's men continued to chase the enemy.
In 1835, a barrel of flour cost six dollars.
Jackson's health had never been really good.
Jackson's health quickly became much better.
Many tried to put their feelings into words.
Monroe and Pinkney had signed the agreement.
Nothing valuable can be lost by taking time.
One by one, friends came up to speak to him.
Perry finally sailed into Tokyo Bay in 1853.
Physically, the two men were very different.
President McKinley sent an immediate answer.
President Wilson accepted Germany's apology.
Ten million workers still did not have jobs.
The cancer needed to be removed immediately.
The committee proposed almost forty changes.
The Dutch were just not in control any more.
The economy improved from poor to very good.
The man who shot McKinley was Leon Czolgosz.
The papers were mixed together in a big box.
There seemed to be no answer to the problem.
The resolution was not approved immediately.
Troops inside the walls were well protected.
Truman had long been interested in politics.
Vice President Roosevelt hurried to Buffalo.
Within one year, the stock market collapsed.
Andrew Jackson was elected president in 1828.
Before leaving, his men set fire to the city.
Congress finally approved Wilson's proposals.
Her feet were tired after a long day at work.
Hundreds of cities and towns suffered damage.
In 1891, Liliuokalani became queen of Hawaii.
Kissinger was an expert on foreign relations.
Madison made an emotional speech in Congress.
Missouri was part of the Louisiana territory.
More and more people promised to support him.
Most men in politics just did not like Adams.
Napoleon Bonaparte ruled France at that time.
No charges were brought against the Clintons.
President Roosevelt won the election of 1940.
The boycott lasted a little more than a year.
The Mexican government had grown even weaker.
There was a danger the smallpox could spread.
The two sides finally agreed on a compromise.
Warren Harding had owned a newspaper in Ohio.
A group of militia saw him and began shooting.
As businesses failed, workers lost their jobs.
As expected, the price of imported goods rose.
At that time, the territory belonged to Spain.
By 1897, thousands of people were out of work.
By the summer of 1920, the Red Scare was over.
Farragut captured New Orleans without a fight.
Finally, it was time to sign the Constitution.
For a few moments, there was complete silence.
General Jackson failed to capture any Indians.
It took two tries to launch the second Gemini.
It was a great moment in the nation's history.
It was an afternoon Truman would never forget.
Jackson's men began to leave the next morning.
John Brown had attacked with about twenty men.
Many thousands on both sides had been wounded.
Newspaper reporters were not permitted inside.
One of Hamilton's friends explained the rules.
President Arthur wanted to reduce the tariffs.
Reagan asked for military aid for the Contras.
Rome became a great power under Julius Caesar.
Roosevelt and Willkie discussed the situation.
Slaves were the least expensive form of labor.
The agreement gave Britain control over Egypt.
The government of Mexico refused to negotiate.
The homes of hundreds of families were burned.
The next two years were busy ones for Jackson.
The number of houses being built was dropping.
The president was willing to support the bill.
The public praised Roosevelt's reform efforts.
There were a number of reasons for the change.
The situation seemed very tense and dangerous.
The Tennessee River Valley area was very poor.
The troops would protect trains carrying mail.
The United States has many plans to celebrate.
Thousands of people went to see the President.
Washington was the most famous man in America.
What happened in Vietnam was like a bad dream.
A grand jury found him not guilty of any crime.
A messenger took the letter to the White House.
Burr made secret deals with a number of people.
Burr was not satisfied with Hamilton's answers.
Cleveland decided that high tariffs were wrong.
Companies were organized to carry out the move.
Delegates debated the compromise for many days.
Factories were producing more than ever before.
Fear of communism was very strong at that time.
His most important adviser was Henry Kissinger.
Improvements in technology helped them succeed.
In 1862, Congress had passed the Homestead Act.
Judge Parker had no chance to win the election.
King George took control of the colony in 1752.
Not everyone believed this plan was a good one.
Not far from the house was a military hospital.
Roosevelt refused to accept the idea of defeat.
Search and rescue operations began immediately.
Slavery was legal in the new Republic of Texas.
The arrival of the troops led to more violence.
The atmosphere in Washington became very tense.
The discussions were long and sometimes bitter.
The election campaign of was not exciting.
The facts did not become public for many years.
The Indians were not happy with this agreement.
The man who shot him was Sirhan Bishara Sirhan.
The settlers did not always honor the treaties.
The United Nations sent peacekeepers to Bosnia.
The United States had won the race to the moon.
A newspaper printed a story about the operation.
Banks across the country had closed their doors.
Benjamin Harrison's campaign was well-organized.
Clay did not agree with all of Adams's policies.
Communism was the biggest issue in the campaign.
Did God really create the earth in a single day?
Dwight Eisenhower was elected president in 1952.
Families began to have fewer and fewer children.
Few roads existed in North America at that time.
How did the new president deal with the problem?
In September, 1929, stock prices stopped rising.
In the end, the Germans were forced to withdraw.
It took four months to write a new Constitution.
Marilyn Monroe's success did not make her happy.
McKinley spent three-and-a-half-million dollars.
New factories and industrial centers were built.
One of the big issues in the campaign was taxes.
People called for an immediate invasion of Cuba.
Shepard remained in space only about minutes.
That's something I learned from reading history.
That was where the two armies would fight again.
The cost of building the railroad was very high.
The court found him guilty and ordered him shot.
The depressed economy showed signs of improving.
Their next attack was northeast of Paris in May.
The Mormons left Illinois in the spring of 1846.
The New York Stock Exchange closed for ten days.
The other colonies began sending troops to help.
The other policemen began shooting at the crowd.
The Thirteenth Amendment freed all Negro slaves.
Today, most people in the world condemn slavery.
Trucks made it easy for goods to be transported.
West Berlin would remain free of Soviet control.
At that time, tariffs were high on many products.
At the time, the incident did not seem important.
Benjamin Franklin then told a funny little story.
Cattle would not eat grass where sheep had eaten.
His father had served as a United States senator.
His proposal started a debate that lasted a year.
History experts still are not sure what happened.
Hull was given immediate orders to invade Canada.
Hundreds of thousands of people were out of work.
In late August, the Allied forces captured Paris.
McKinley demanded an immediate ceasefire in Cuba.
More than 75% of farms raised pigs and milk cows.
More than half of the Union troops were captured.
Most of the Dutch in New Amsterdam did not leave.
Mr. Clinton was governor of Arkansas at the time.
North Korea decided the time was right to invade.
Only one other president had ever been impeached.
Petroleum has been important since ancient times.
President Polk was old, tired and in poor health.
The first sign of trouble came in September 1945.
The group stayed at Fort Clatsop for four months.
The hijackers were from Middle Eastern countries.
The Kaiser asked Theodore Roosevelt to intervene.
The majority of voters liked what Roosevelt said.
The man had just returned from a visit to Europe.
The people of Massachusetts were extremely angry.
The presidential election of was very close.
The president left Washington in early September.
The president was forced to return to Washington.
The roar of their own cannons was extremely loud.
The Supreme Court ruled that the law was illegal.
This violated the rules of the police department.
Thousands of men were on their way to Washington.
Truman arrived at the White House within minutes.
Brigham Young continued to lead the Mormon church.
Catholics could not openly observe their religion.
China is working to modernize its weapons program.
Dwight Eisenhower was the candidate for president.
Four hundred fifty black pilots were in the group.
In city after city, big public meetings were held.
In New York, the dollar was worth eight shillings.
In the wagon were a few tools and some extra guns.
Lee did not agree that the situation was hopeless.
One of the bullets struck McKinley in the stomach.
One old man came to Jackson from Albany, New York.
President Clinton denied any dishonorable actions.
Shares of these companies were sold to the public.
Some believed Nixon should have been put on trial.
Some of the tariffs were as high as sixty percent.
That crisis threatened to split the nation in two.
The Communists launched a major military campaign.
The Europeans often paid Indians to work for them.
The judge found Scopes guilty of breaking the law.
The Marines quickly defeated the communist forces.
This bill was sent to the Senate for its approval.
Year after year, production continued to increase.
Yellow fever and smallpox were no longer a threat.
I like to wear clogs.
How do magnets work?
The secret of her beauty is her naturalness.
My birthday approaches.
It is really no great secret that the right move in each position is the sure path to victory.
I won't sell this tree shade.
I know that Marco has been sick.
It reads well.
Are you subscribed to the newspaper?
This increase in the number of unemployed people is a result of the bad economy.
Accuracy and finish will become more important than high rates of metal removal for percent of all machining operations.
I think that it's too big.
I have a hammer, and I'm not afraid to use it!
I understand now.
Compare unidirectional mass media such as radio and television with bidirectional ones such as correspondence and the Internet.
How many times a week do you want to study?
Sorry I'm late.
Have you been waiting long?
Let's go to Shinjuku tomorrow morning.
I went there recently.
Have you arrived yet?
Not yet.
The high house was covered with a thatched roof.
His words gave me hope.
He is not as intelligent as his brother.
Who solved the hard problem?
Not having what one likes, one likes what one has.
He decided to become a pilot.
Paint our house. Use the orange paint.
There is always something happening here.
I'd like to study in China to improve the level of my Chinese.
The reason we're on strike is that the company hasn't improved our wages.
We're on strike because the company hasn't improved our wages.
She renewed the soil in the flower pot.
We suggest raising the fees.
The project was a great success.
When you pose a question, you expect an answer.
The interviewer introduces the topic of the interview.
The interviewer identifies his interviewees.
Saeb thinks mathematicians are self-contained walking pieces of heaven.
I know that I know it, but I can't remember it.
I'm not always right, I just always correct you when you make mistakes.
Mortal enemies are immortal friends.
Won't somebody please think of the children?!
Don't marry. Be happy!
He wears glasses.
I know that some people value my work.
That should do the trick.
Here goes nothing.
I was almost crying for Kylie Minogue.
I want to watch the concert of Kylie Minogue.
A fish rots from the head down.
I'm a foreigner.
She owns two thousand books.
Congratulations for your birthday, Muriel!
Actually it's your fault.
No doubt.
In this world everyone is ruled by money.
If I were a brain in a vat, I wouldn't write this.
How long has it been since you heard from him?
This is old news to me.
His name is known to all.
This morning it was very cold.
The serpent tempted Eve.
I cant stand panties.
Some of the roses in my garden are white, and others are red.
With Renaissance, scholastic ideas gave place to positive ideas.
Columbus's Law of Discovery states: If you discovered something BEFORE Christopher Columbus, then what you discovered does not exist.
As far as I know, your letter is under that book.
This answer makes me angry.
The company invested a lot of money in this project.
We should break up.
You have to take the bull by the horns.
Who will take care of the dog while we are away?
He thought of himself as being charming enough.
She thought of herself as being charming enough.
If I had money, I would travel around the world.
Switching on a fleshlight won't help you see in the dark.
What would you do in the event of a zombie apocalypse?
You're delusional. Go to bed!
Johnny was a chemist; now Johnny is no more. For what he thought was water, was H2SO4.
If I were healthy, I would be happy.
The Jersey shore is a shore around a small island, off of the coast of Normandy, called Jersey.
He still has springtime on the brain.
Tomorrow, tomorrow, just not today - say all lazy people.
You cannot compare the strength of a man to that of a tiger, but nevertheless, the tiger is still the inferior creature.
I am on the right.
Do you have a house on your own?
You are a vegetarian.
I know it, but I can't hit on it.
Feel free to stay.
You're weird - I like you.
"Can we fix it?" - "No, it's fucked!"
Use it or lose it.
As people get older, their brain cells become less efficient.
Lips that touch liquor shall not touch mine.
The dwarves are great smiths.
You live and learn.
Do you think your schooldays are the happiest days of your life?
In Viking times, Greenland was greener than today.
We'll soon be leaving.
I have often been asked that question.
Few people speak my language.
This language has only one sentence.
This sentence has only one language.
The right mind is the mind that does not remain in one place.
Although the economy is weak, some companies are still making a profit.
There is probably an easy solution to the problem.
The confused mind is the mind that, thinking something over, congeals in one place.
Pawn pawned by pawn.
The hawk caught a mouse.
The building is one hundred meters high.
Flesh does not emit light... or does it?
You'll never find the way back home, through narrow streets of cobblestone.
If you put your mind into the fleshlight, your mind becomes the fleshlight.
Don't panic!
The mother is always certain.
The father is always uncertain.
Chaplin was visionary.
I am the last remaining worshipper of the goddess Demeter.
He is proficient in Farsi.
He is a serious, hardworking, motivated, grown-up and open-minded person.
It's actually on the right way.
You're on the path of success.
Always at service!
The entrance examination was of rare difficulty.
I like sushi.
I hope to graduate at the exams.
The Foreign Minister was a puppet.
The employment policy is a failure.
The distributors are asking for an exceptional margin.
Morning hour, golden shower.
It depends.
I own a horse.
This letter was never meant to be sent.
Seeing the woman with the yellow hat reminded me of a story.
I know he will only continue disappointing me, but I can't help loving him.
You know you've really mastered a foreign language when you can write a decent poem in it.
The only one who enjoys a crowded subway car is a pickpocket.
If you listen to great music even the most common things become something magnificent.
He lives alone.
That movie is for children.
This is probably a stupid question, but which is stronger, the tiger or the lion?
I invited my neighbors to dinner.
He speaks like an angel.
Are you looking for a definite article?
Are you looking for a specific product?
One way or the other we made him understand it.
I met my friend.
Their attitude is very ridiculous!
God?! I won't let my life be ruled by a working hypothesis!
I killed God.
I read this in the newspaper.
If God is with us, then who can be against us?
Anger does not befit a philosopher.
Whenever I'm feeling pessimistic about the future of the world, I just think of how much has changed even in the time that I can remember.
If World War III is fought with nuclear weapons, World War IV will be fought with sticks and stones.
Christopher Columbus once decided to burn absolutely everything in an entire village after one of the natives stole his parrot. He was disappointed that he couldn't burn their water. So he invented fluorine.
The International Language is very useful.
That has always been so.
The producers hired a team of writers just to patch up the show's continuity, lest they get letters from...those people.
The councilor tabled a number of controversial motions.
An Alaskan town recently elected an entire team of sled dogs as its city councilors.
The heads of city councils met at the state capitol.
Several councils of school administrators have agreed to increase class sizes.
Ad-hoc councils of town elders slowly evolved into militias.
"Apple" is a countable noun, so it makes grammatical sense to have five apples.
"Happiness" is not a countable noun. It would make no sense to have happinesses.
The set of prime numbers is countable.
Your top does not provide enough midriff coverage, young lady.
My insurance coverage is too limited, so I guess I'll just have to live with my arm bones jutting out of my skin.
The squadron encountered an ambush and scrambled for coverage.
I have to pee, but your friends are completely crowding the hallway.
Crowning toddler beauty pageant queens is Mr. Fredericksen's passion.
The deep-fried butter stick is the crowning glory of American cuisine.
Mitch has two dads.
I'm the bad one.
Reynolds' blood pressure is dangerously high, especially when he's mad.
His knowledge put him dangerously close to a secret the organization wouldn't let him live to hear.
Bruno's football trophies will be dearer to him than his own children until they earn football trophies of their own, which, by the principles of vicarious parenting, Bruno will consider his. In fact, all of the football trophies Bruno considers his are actually his childrens'.
Gasoline only gets dearer.
I hold you ever dearer.
Declarations of variables are extremely important in C and C++.
Formal declarations of war haven't been America's style since 1942.
He basically declares anyone who doesn't agree with him a Communist.
Yolanda only declares love in person.
Departmental disagreements led the corporation to split into five separate companies.
The magazine declares a new king of hipster "music" every two weeks.
The accountants and finance analysts all have their own departmental office two blocks away from the business's main branch.
The patient's descriptions of her family are vivid, but very cynical.
Witnesses provided detailed descriptions of the assailant.
Her prose is full of needlessly florid, cliched descriptions, securing her career as a romance novelist.
I saw how he crossed the road.
Engels died of heatstroke after deserting his unit and getting lost.
Deserting his family must have made the old bastard giddy with joy.
Do you remember the first name of your grandmother? - No, I just always called her granny.
Scads of online daters constantly check their desirability.
Brand desirability among girls age 7-increased fivefold after the marketing department changed the company mascot to a talking pony.
Twice a year he sends his car in for extensive detailing.
The people hailed the victory.
Use makes mastery.
An hour has sixty minutes.
Botafogo has won the Brazilian League Trophy.
Here is 50,000. Please do not spend the money on unimportant things.
I've believed in Kylie Minogue since June 12, 1998.
We started to use Windows 3.in the beginning of 1994.
The only missing feature of Windows for Workgroups 3.is Turkish keyboard layout.
was a bad year for music sector. Because Kylie Minogue caught breast cancer.
Unfortunately, the usage of MacBooks is very limited in Turkey.
Fortunately, Kylie Minogue healed.
A bird can fly.
I love the songs sung by Kylie Minogue.
I began to draw the letter "K" like an incomplete star, because it's one of the symbols that represent Kylie Minogue.
It doesn't matter to me who wins.
My hobby: inventing irregular forms of verbs.
"Sentences?" once more, the shopkeeper was confused by Dima's strange ramblings.
I will keep my fingers crossed for you.
Nice guys finish last.
I'm in charge of the propaganda.
This takes top priority.
You seemed not to know the truth.
We need to handle this in a lawful manner.
We must prevent rapid population growth.
You want to be honest.
Believe it. It's better like this.
The terrorists will come down from the mountains in a week.
I have fewer books than you.
Air is lighter than water.
She suddenly lost consciousness.
The moon shines in the sky.
I won't disappoint you.
I won't let you down.
What crime have I committed?
Holy bag of straw!
I bribed the policeman.
He was bribed by the policeman?! Impossible!
I give you a book.
I'm going to read the book.
Marius is the highest of all.
The cadres inspected our school.
Give me a report upon arrival.
After rounding the Dragon's Tooth, the wind was on our side, and we were flying. It felt like we were running twice as fast.
Many betrayed their friends for money.
I ask you for nothing.
If I could draw well, I would paint pictures in "Where is Waldo?"-style, but leave out Waldo.
I wanted five pineapples.
This befits you.
You will go, you will never return, in war you will perish.
An admiring fan once asked Christopher Columbus how he managed to procure funding for all of his amazing journeys. Columbus then took the fan to an abandoned alley, took out a pistol, and said "That's how."
The shrike can't harm us anymore.
I ran into my friend.
Which is your favorite shrike?
I need friends.
Why are you meowing?
What compels you to meow?
Huh? Or maybe did how many of what do what how? What do you think?
The road to simplicity is paved with hellish complexities.
When I was a teenager, my parents would never allow me to go out with boys so I was always sad.
Esperanto is not only nominally but also structurally an international language.
Behold, a book.
And now: thirteen hours without internet.
Determinate tomato cultivars stop growing at a certain height.
Organisms have determinate lifespans.
Directing is what all actors say they want to do.
The Boy Scout has been directing old ladies across streets since 2004.
The game of pinball involves directing a little steel ball onto ramps and into holes with a pair of flippers.
Directing students into rewarding business careers is the goal of vocational schools across the state.
The secretary is currently directing the ambassador up to the boss's office.
These disappearances are probably murders.
The disappearances of seven female college students have seized the nation's attention.
Her father's constant disappearances made her distrustful around men.
Misdirected discontentment on the left and right boiled over into violent incidents across the country.
"Teenage discontentment" is redundant.
Their marriage simmered with discontentment and unspoken anger.
May I borrow your radio?
Mr. Cauley's extremely dishonorable business conduct earned him high-fives and back-pats around the office and the bar.
Her family considers suicide to be dishonorable and selfish.
It seems as if dishonorable, labyrinthine, deliberately confusing economic policies have earned more support from the president than every physical and mental disability combined.
He has the most disrespectful attitude towards women I've ever seen.
Disrespectful comments will not be tolerated.
We're distancing ourselves from the rest of the family.
His desperate attempts at distancing himself from his old left-wing ties have impressed no one so far.
His car has barely been distinguishable anymore since the accident.
She's no longer distinguishable there in the distance.
The quadruplets are only distinguishable by little jailhouse tattoos behind their ears.
Boris has a difficult time distinguishing good wines from bad, especially after a few glasses.
Clovis, the constantly jumping wino, has prominent quadriceps and fantastic glutes.
He's so dreamy!
He was a soldier during the war.
It's all Greek to me, but to the Esperantist it's Volapk.
Don't cast pearls before swine.
Don't cast bacon before oysters.
How's it going, pumpkin?
Sign on the dotted line.
Having found a suitable human host, an ambitious Cuba Libre sang a beautiful ballad at the karaoke bar.
Tatoeba's sentences are published under a Creative Commons Attribution License 2.(CC-BY).
Linguists are both athletic and educated, and that's just their tongues.
The baby isn't crying anymore.
I don't like spicy food.
Human vices provide substantial government income.
She has a white cat.
Would you like some tea or coffee?
My brain hurts.
Do you prefer the blue one or the red one?
This is the first sentence in the New_Tat_List. And it will be the last.
Please take me away from here!
Please buy me the new Shakira CD.
I don't like your friends at all.
Julin was mistaken?
Repeat your name!
He moved to Madrid to take the reins of his father's business.
Pick up your briefcase.
Having everything is sometimes nothing.
Is this a newspaper or a magazine?
Hail, Caesar!
Do you want to eat French, Japanese or Chinese food?
Every day I either ride a bike or get the bus to work.
Tea or coffee - which would you like?
Do you think it'll be difficult to finish reading this book in a week?
When I'm feeling low, I talk with friends or go out for a walk.
I would like to learn to play the piano, guitar or flute.
I came here to study.
Our topic of the week is: _____.
Rain is water falling from clouds.
Let's find sentences with new vocabulary on this topic, add them to the following list: _____; and translate them.
Whenever I'm sad, I stop being sad and start being awesome instead.
In harmony with truth.
These flowers you see are roses.
"Yea..." Dima continued, talking mostly to himself. "It's as if the author of my story got into some stupid argument, retired to Fiji, and just left me here to rot."
Woe to the vanquished.
China is an emerging market.
Who are you voting for?
I wouldn't ask this of you if it weren't important.
We'll think about it in due time.
My heart sank into my boots.
The aim of this policy is to improve the environment in the poorest cities.
He believes that Tai Ji has improved his life.
The UK must improve the problems with its rail network.
The manager wants to improve the company's structuring.
Through genetic modification, we can improve crops.
This new market may improve the entire industry.
We've made a lot of progress today.
We've made a lot of improvements today.
If you want to criticise other people, first you must improve your own methods.
I hope to improve my attitude to work.
In order to improve the students' attitude to their studies, the school let them start class an hour later.
People who never take risks have never had any problems.
I don't know how long I'll have to wait before my creative ability improves.
I don't know how long I'll have to wait before I become more creative.
Pachacuti was the ninth ruler of the Inca trilogy of Mexico.
I know what I'll do.
Cuzco is the name of the Incas' temple.
If there was a verb called "to nache", "Nache!" would be the imperative form.
No instrument is snootier than the piccolo trumpet.
The mod wheel is broken on this synthesizer, but the pitch bend still works.
A bass drum, a snare drum, and cymbals were once all a composer needed to make a work sound exotic.
You can measure a clown's erection by the sounds of his slide whistle.
Marimbas are made from rosewood.
The xylophone's piercing high notes have bloodied ears around the world.
While clearly outside of his element at, say, a Western-style karaoke bar, he could easily whip out a Brazilian folk song in seven-eight meter on his berimbau.
Bongos are smaller than congas.
A trombonist by trade, Harry sometimes doubles on the euphonium.
Not all of the jazz band kids could afford Harmon mutes.
Her clarinet squeaked, and the entire audience laughed.
All the vibraslap does is remind everyone of the band Cake, which may be undesirable in some situations.
He assigned the kazoo parts to a large four-part men's choir.
I bet you'd never heard of a Stroh violin before Tom Waits dug it back up! Anyway, it used a large metal horn as its resonator instead of a wooden box so it could be picked up better by recording equipment before the late 1920s.
I play the tenor saxophone.
Trombones: it may be fun to go wild, but try not to blat the notes.
Kenny Gorelick murdered the soprano saxophone.
Among the wind instruments, the aboriginal didgeridoo made of eucalyptus was his favorite.
The mellow sounds of the Rhodes piano are partly responsible for thousands of accidental conceptions.
To the chagrin of many Western composers, steel drums, or steelpans, tend not to be fully chromatic.
Harry Partch invented scads of musical instruments, many tuned to his 43-tone scale.
In an unusual move, this school's big band uses slide trumpets and valve trombones exclusively.
Famous vibraphonist Stefon Harris has recorded at least one balafon solo.
During the 20th century, Manchukuo was a puppet state.
Saxophonists often double on flutes, which have similar fingerings to their primary instruments.
During the Great Game, Afghanistan was a buffer state.
Some clarinetists use clarinets tuned to A instead of B flat in passages which would otherwise be written in unusual keys.
The tamborim lends a very slightly uneven and highly distinctive 16th note groove to samba music.
Give up, give up your vain pursuit!
During the 15th century, the Ryukyu Kingdom was a tributary state of Imperial China.
I feel so bad for the baritone saxes, who often have measures of nothing but whole notes.
What police thought was a distressed cat turned out to be a man practicing the cuica, a drum which produces noise by rubbing a stick attached to the drumhead from the inside.
A guy I met in my physics class made a didgeridoo out of PVC pipe.
Modern harps have a series of pedals that enable the performer to tune the instrument to any diatonic scale.
After playing a theremin, all other instruments make you feel like you're in a straitjacket.
She really had to stretch her imagination to squeeze enough material for a solo album out of a contrabassoon, but by God, she did.
The lowest-tuned pipe on the organ set off barometers all over the state.
Think about death.
Brushes give drums a subtler sound than regular drumsticks do.
Keep in mind that you must die.
Yes, he shaved all the frets off of his bass guitar, but it doesn't make him Jaco Pastorius.
She was a tiny girl, but she really held her own on the baritone sax. Nonetheless, I couldn't help but imagine the thing wrapping itself around her and devouring her like a boa constrictor.
In the late 20th century, Yugoslavia was considered a rogue state by the United States.
I hope you practiced your flute solo!
He seduced her with his didgeridoo.
Some analysts consider Somalia as the failed state par excellence.
Puerto Rico is not a sovereign state.
The bassoon is a stumbling block in the english translation.
I'm surrounded by linguaphiles!
My grandson is still a baby.
Unhappiness comes without being called.
France is running a welfare state it can no longer afford.
Every time I went to his place, he was studying.
Since I had met him once before, I recognized him right away.
The key to a situation often is in the neighbor's door.
I warned him, but he ignored the warning.
Because his salary is low, he can't buy that house.
Please alight at the next stop.
Guatemala was once qualified as a banana republic.
The offer is too good to be turned down.
I screwed up the very first note.
No day without a line.
Friday is housewarming party!
It's in the internet, so it must be true.
Make sure you'll come.
This sweet-scented roses I give to you.
Patience is a virtue.
If you put your mind in your sword, your mind will be taken by your sword.
Between Heaven above and Hell below is a place called Earth.
Uillean Pipes - translated they'd be called elbow pipes - are irish bagpipes that are blown up using bellows, in order to be able to drink while playing.
It's a pity that hang, ocarina and pipa are so unpopular around here.
If you and Marco are well, Paulo and I are well.
Before I start doing small talk, I'd rather not talk at all.
It will make you think about the things you think about in your thoughts.
Wow, your neighbour is an anatomic bomb!
Let's hope she comes.
I'll be there at half seven.
Play us a tune.
Can you play the dutar?
Do you go running daily?
How do I gain weight?
The girl playing the piano is named Akiko.
Take control of the command post.
You can ask the child that is playing over there.
I come from Colombia.
He is good at football.
Come on, let us talk about flowers.
He can't distinguish between left and right.
He hadn't eaten in two days.
What happened then?
The telephone was invented in by Bell.
I must help her.
Oh! Seriously?
Swimming in the sea doesn't mean owning the sea.
He bought himself a dog.
I wish all those an unhurried night who want a revision of the existing copyright laws, but actually all the others too.
"Once is like never," implied the young lady. Yet the gynecologist implied: "twins."
This tea tastes good.
The fox and the bear lived together.
They stepped a few paces forward.
You don't understand anything about it.
I see a book.
I didn't know the woman at all.
This CD belongs to him.
There's too much to do!
I want to point out that I am open to ideas for improvement, but first will sleep it off.
How did you find this sweater?
I didn't participate in the conversation.
Even in rain and snow I enjoy mountain-climbing.
Cold and dry, splendid sunshine, what beautiful winter weather!
Are you coming along with us?
I don't know what has become of the hatchling.
The apple does not fall far from the trunk.
Enjoy the moment!
Are you a tubist?
Do you know if my father is still in the office?
The novel "All Quiet on the Western Front" by Erich Maria Remarque has been translated into more than fifty languages.
The sale prices are written in red ink.
I don't believe the rumours. Do you believe them?
My computer has been infected with BraveSentry.
Sow the wind, reap the whirlwind.
The others can't be bothered.
They will not pass!
They warned the ship about the danger.
I can't calculate the final cost without first discussing it with our contractors.
He is at home.
Her house is on the other side of the bridge.
One must not violate the constitution.
I postponed the event.
Where are you going on holiday?
This painting by Rembrandt is a masterpiece.
Actions should have consequences.
Where did you buy your book bag?
Where did you buy your schoolbag?
Where did you buy your satchel?
I was interested in him because his paintings really impressed me.
Remember that a persons name is to that person the sweetest and most important sound in any language.
The global economy is spiraling downwards.
Kori walked downwards as much as she could and ended up five stories below ground level.
Hooray! We have another dreamy, starry-eyed idealist to disenfranchise and oppress!
Debussy's Prelude to the Afternoon of a Fawn and the poem which it is based on share a dreamy, ethereal, but nonetheless passionate feel.
Move the clothes from the washer to the dryer before they start to mildew.
Derrick dropped his drawing in the tub and is now trying to salvage it with a hair dryer.
I prefer to leave my Spanish sentences in the loving arms of a Hispanophone.
Earth and Mars need each other's women.
The barfly dryly brushes off suitors.
This couple approaches humor so dryly that enormous chains of jokes will blossom without an iota of laughter.
And if the vacuum explodes, it is called a black hole.
EU finance ministers agreed on a permanent support system for distressed eurozone countries on Monday.
It seems that the credit for my prepaid mobile phone account has run out.
Do you have a private medical insurance policy?
He fell out of the frying pan into the fire.
The ultimate life spoiler: in the end you'll die!
I strongly believe in respawn after death.
I would like to speak to the head nurse.
Eight hobbits form one hobbyte.
In tennis, you'd call this an unforced error.
I'm a real loser in English.
Bring it on!
Let's take a break and drink some tea.
We went to Barcelona.
No one trusts him more.
Is he satisfied with his daily life?
Is she satisfied with her daily life?
There is a strike.
Whose teacher is coming from the United Kingdom?
I have to tell her the truth tomorrow.
Wait for me in front of my great-grandson's house.
My daughter is going to buy new furniture.
The party was really boring.
His story can't be true.
You'll only be able to buy it there.
Coffee gives you energy!
The bird is singing. Can you hear it?
He likes strange animals, such as snakes.
Will I have to give a lecture?
No one listened to me.
Many of our pioneers are still alive... but, alas, many of them aren't alive any more.
What exactly happened there?
He's running very quickly.
Express yourself as clearly as possible.
You should add those sentences to Tatoeba.
Jane and I play the piano well.
We lived there a long time, by the river.
He thinks that blue is the most beautiful colour.
Do I have to open the window?
I want to give you a bicycle for your birthday.
We have a huge amount of food.
You're looking at that tree.
The tree stands motionless, clothed in twilight, thickly bedecked with dewdrops.
Hmm, and I thought I was being kind by letting you live.
The godmother baked a delicious cake.
He isn't richer than me.
I arrived just now.
I don't trust him any more.
I would really like to know why he did something like that.
There are people drowning in debt.
The dog chased the rabbit.
I find that it's typical for him to come too late.
He is a member of the parochial board.
I waited for five hours.
A hungry pig dreams of acorns.
You don't like love stories, do you?
The dancer's every move was perfect.
She was an intelligent woman with an erotic aura.
Did you hear the click?
How can you translate a sentence which doesn't exist?
A guy entered a bar, but he got hit by a bar with a chocolate bar on it.
Can I enter a sentence in French?
This evening we'll go home.
I never lie.
Love is a lie.
Love is a trick.
Love doesn't exist.
We accept checks.
We cannot distinguish her and her younger sister.
Toronto used to be called Fort York.
These shoes are too tight to wear.
He sees any easiness as a threat to his masculinity, so he always starts games on hard mode and ends up stuck on the first level for days.
Throughout the aftermath of the explosion, Jason's easiness unsettled the survivors.
It's a mistake.
How could he possibly have effected that kind of change in that amount of time?
I dreamt that Congress effected sensible tax reform to improve the lot of the working class. I then woke up in a gutter with nothing but ragged clothes and a stolen guitar to my name.
The state court effected unconstitutional legislation without the federal government noticing.
He and his grandmother played a few games of Crazy Eights until his mother picked him up.
Three kings and two eights earned him a full house.
Miguel, the pickup artist, rates women's looks on a scale from one to ten, claiming that he only hits on eights and up.
I haven't read the paper lately, so I don't know who we're electing this year.
Electing to upgrade the computer lab, the university library went slightly over the budget.
Electing this mayor proved to be a drastic mistake.
Some things get more hideous, when you clean them.
I have been trying for a long time and today I finally succeeded: I divided by zero.
Now more than ever!
Now less than ever!
In countries with electoral colleges, citizens vote for representatives to pick heads of state for them, adding an extra layer to what would otherwise be a direct election.
The villagers were afraid of the famished bears.
I really like hard-boiled eggs.
Checks are accepted.
Everybody fears time.
Ruins are inside us.
Ruin is inside us.
The lamp is grey.
The table is green.
The elephant is grey.
Rome is an Italian town.
Moscow is a Russian town.
Berlin is a German town.
I play with Rubik's cube, not with Ruby's ass!
Do you want a dinosaur to eat?
I prefer to eat a muffin rather than a dinosaur.
Love makes you blind.
My grandfather was a farmer.
What time are you having lunch?
You tell him the truth.
The shit smells bad.
He fired blanks.
He fired at point blank range.
Have you asked the others?
The other one doesn't work.
You had better not drink alcohol any more.
A man's will is nothing when compared to that of the heavens.
The computer broke.
This bit isn't good, rewrite it.
This sanza is really good!
Love? What's that? I'm an orphan. I've never known love.
Libya's foreign minister has defected.
Water is wet.
Water is liquid.
Water is heavy.
Water is transparent.
Water is a fluid.
Food is good.
Food is always good.
April fools!
I work in a pharmacy.
We are late.
John played guitar and his friend sang.
Information is not knowledge, knowledge is not wisdom, wisdom is not truth, truth is not beauty, beauty is not love, love is not music, music is the best.
You were wrong in not listening to him.
He doesn't find anything better to do.
She doesn't find anything better to do.
You're old enough to understand.
I got the flu.
He was a friend of mine.
Who's speaking?
It's not the same thing.
I can cook very well.
I have to go, it's late!
I must go, it's late!
The factory is closed for refurbishment and will re-open on 1st September 2007.
I'm putting this sentence on Tatoeba and nobody can stop me!
The cat couldn't care less about the mouse's opinion.
Darwin developed the evolutionary theory.
Do we need a world language?
Christopher Columbus started wearing his famous hat back when he was still a schoolboy, and was often punished by his teachers for refusing to take it off in class.
I was born this way!
Blow by blow, her punches got more intense.
I sat an exam yesterday.
My heart knows the truth.
If you need my homework, I'll stop by your house and give it to you when I'm done.
My favourite song by Lady Gaga is Paparazzi.
How long will you stay?
May I speak with Judy?
Although I have studied English at school for the past six years, I'm still not good at speaking it.
She and I were in the same class in middle school.
Let our secretary take care of these kinds of formalities.
Whom did you buy?
TEPCO is looking for "jumpers", workers who will jump into highly radioactive sections of the plant to quickly perform tasks before running out as fast as possible.
The cleanup at the Fukushima Daiichi plant could take years, possibly decades.
Nobody saw the bird fly.
Let's sit down on this bench.
Have you ever had a stillbirth?
In my defence, it's still yesterday here in Iceland.
She came to my defence when I was accused of plagiarism.
If time were reversed, raindrops would collect themselves from the ground and fly up to the clouds.
He's a little on edge today. I wouldn't rattle his cage if I were you.
The painting looks great, but you hung it a little crooked.
Say nothing to no one about anything.
Did she ever confide in you about the problems she was having?
If the medicine isn't working, maybe we should up the dosage.
Where did you get the money to buy that dress?
There are many scenic places in Xinjiang.
All of Steve's jobs were boring or not well-paid or both.
Let's take a picture for memory's sake.
He died three years ago.
I forget what it's about.
I'm not waiting for anyone.
No, thanks. I'm just browsing.
Children that live in homes with vinyl floors are more likely to have autism.
That CD costs dollars.
She confused a cup of tea with a bottle of vodka.
You're blocking my light.
I've known him for a long time.
Lucy was bantered by her grandparents.
I've gained weight.
Italian television is useless.
My kitchen help has the intelligence of a spatula.
Translation is the language of Europe.
She gave us a presence.
He stepped into my space.
To err is human. To blame someone else for your mistakes is even more human.
Twenty-five years after Chernobyl, milk, mushrooms and berries are still contaminated in some parts of Ukraine.
Seek truth from facts.
These articles are exempt from "Droits de douane".
These articles are "hors taxes".
TEPCO is unable to stop the flow of dirty water contaminated with highly radioactive material.
During the Tohoku earthquake, the height of the tsunami waves reached up to 37.meters.
During the Great Eastern Japan Earthquake, the height of the tsunami waves reached up to 37.meters.
When I am speaking, please keep quiet and listen to me.
The sentence is senseless, but correct.
Kill it with fire!
The black one is mine.
I wonder whether I can add a sentence simply by pressing the Enter key.
Wooden spoons start to mildew if they're left in the sink too long.
Barn's heating is in bad shape, comes the milk in cubic shape.
Salad forks are smaller than dinner forks and are placed further from the plate.
How does a Thermos know how to keep hot things hot and cold things cold?
My new can opener is sturdier than the old one, so hopefully it won't take minutes to get at my beans anymore.
Simmer the butter and garlic in a small saucepan.
Years of cooking for her family have made her molcajete very well-seasoned.
Beat the eggs with a whisk.
I like to eyeball my ingredients, mostly because I don't feel like washing my measuring cups over and over.
Avoiding one-use kitchen utensils, Elton forgoes apple corers, preferring the more versatile paring knife.
You can avoid foodborne illness by having separate cutting boards for meat and vegetables.
No, you may not put the colander on your head; you can be an astronaut after I drain the pasta.
It's hard to distinguish an aebleskiver pan from a takoyaki pan.
Today's lingua francas aren't very Frankish at all.
Cheesecloth is probably cheaper at hardware stores than culinary specialty stores.
Food processors tend to be shorter and wider than blenders.
Blenders are nice for people who really like smoothies.
Shizuko composed a poem about the change of the seasons.
I met him on his way home.
I met him while I was coming home.
I met him while he was coming home.
The manager reprimanded the man by pounding on the table.
The manager reprimanded the man who was pounding on the table.
Travelling by bus or bike, you could pollute less.
Erasmus students often stick with other students from the same country.
When you are walking down the road, it is possible to meet lots of people.
When you are walking down the road, you can meet lots of people.
English is a common language for many Asians.
Many Asians have English as a common language.
Jesus loves you.
We took a wrong turn.
I was an honest man until 1985.
The common language of many anime is subtitles.
The jerk factory called. They want their product back.
Believe me, that excuse ain't gonna fly.
The final value theorem does not apply if the system is not stable.
Losing his balance from a sudden gust of wind, the tightrope walker fell to his death.
He is absorbed in his research.
Tulips will be in flower soon.
It was a strange night.
They made a strange discovery.
A carrot is a healthy snack.
He is a locked nature.
Small cause, great effect.
"Left-Wing" communism is an infantile disorder.
They should have wellies.
Most foreigners will never fully master the use of German modal particles.
He can't take a joke.
You can wait until the cows come home!
They have exactly the same face.
Don't you have anything smaller than that?
In today's world, possessions are plentiful, but time is scarce.
Are you a locavore?
Let's take turns at running.
People, like peacocks, will never tire of displaying to friends and potential mates just how wonderful they are.
Researchers found that subjects could collect double the amount of money for charity when they were wearing clothes with designer logos.
Let's write in turns.
Sir Peter Blake was tragically killed by pirates on the Amazon river in as he was on a mission to monitor environment change.
Ruppy is a bioluminescent dog that glows red.
Possums feed on eucalyptus trees.
There is no future without the past.
For one second I thought I would die.
I've been in China for less than a month.
Let's go out and eat dinner together from time to time.
I work for you.
"Smart mob" is sometimes perceived as a political danger - mostly in the countries lacking in traditions of democracy.
Grease the waffle maker.
A policeman asked the girls if the car was theirs.
I'm bursting for a wee and I can't find a washroom.
Blondes earn 7% more than women with any other hair color.
One out of women doesn't realize she's pregnant until the twentieth week of pregnancy.
Women eat lighter meals when they're eating with a guy.
Women like men who make them feel special.
Come to visit me.
One wonders why.
Leipzig is an ancient city.
I'll stay until tomorrow.
I will stay until tomorrow.
Having letters, "anticonstitutionnellement" is the longest word in the French language.
I bought a poster at the Arab World Institute in Paris and I had it framed.
In all of the gardens in my city it is illegal to trample the flower beds.
She is pleased at her success.
I need many books.
Does one of you want to come here and redo what I just did?
He gives some meat to the dog.
Give some meat to the dog.
It would be very interesting if, the soonest possible, there would be the possibility to do advanced searches on the Tatoeba database.
She's the closest thing to family he has.
You have to risk big in order to win big.
I knew I had to tell him the truth, but I couldn't bring myself to do it.
You sound like a broken record.
When my dad left the room, my little sister gave me the finger!
Someone ratted me out.
Rich parents for everyone!
Chimpanzees normally have their first child at age 13, humans at age 19.
Even if we wear an Armani suite or drive a Jaguar, in the end we're the same as ants. We move and move pointlessly and then we die.
According to the author Joe Marconi, books that are labeled "Harvard Classics" can demand twice the price.
We must respect other people's privacy.
I can't undo it.
Mark is so honest that everybody commends him for it.
Mark is so honest that everyone praises him for it.
Her idea is better than yours.
This is the lady who wants to see you.
It's safe to say so.
Show me your true face.
Show must go on!
He's like a zebra among the horses.
I knew you would.
The man formerly known as the "priest" blessed a group of people that was formerly known as the "congregation", but could no longer be called so due to demanding technical criteria.
It's an esoteric debate.
He has no legitimacy.
I know you will.
There's no point arguing about what's true and what's false.
A comment expects a comment.
I caught sight of a huge egg that had fallen into the middle of the road.
I need a lot of books.
I really like French cooking.
"What time is it now?" "It's o'clock."
How much did the glasses cost?
Why are you guys so angry?
Why are you so mad?
I waited for her forever.
I waited for her for a really long time.
You should have warned him sooner.
Aeschylus is not beholden to the rules of North and Hillard.
There was a rap at the door.
There's no way I'm taking the rap for his mistakes.
A strange figure suddenly came through the door.
I'd just come in the door when the phone rang.
Anne got out the door as quickly as she could when she saw him there.
Did you know that this is a sentence?
Did you know that this is a question?
Terrorism is the most important factor in the division of a country and the creation of autonomous regions.
Gotcha!
Liu Xiaobo is Chinese.
Speech exposes what the brain is worth.
He's already too far away to hear us.
I would so love to see you.
His observations are sharp, but he doesn't say much.
There are two kinds of fox spirits: good fox and bad fox.
Jim entered the room quietly so he wouldn't wake the baby.
The more I think about it, the less I like it.
There's no problem with working hard, but it's also very important to know what you're working for.
I'm an anthropology research student, and my topic is 'Chinese medicine in Britain'.
If you would agree to answer some of the questions below, I would be extremely grateful.
When using this information, I will of course follow your requirements.
Anonymity or detailed reference are both fine.
I don't know the theater play, but I know the author well.
Please reply in Chinese or English.
How long have you been practising Chinese medicine in the UK?
What are your reasons for practising Chinese medicine in the UK?
Does your family background involve Chinese medicine?
Which aspects of Chinese medicine do you specialise in?
Please provide contact details.
Please specify any conditions you have for the use of this information.
His accent makes it hard for me to believe what he's saying.
What's your full name?
When you want to fool the world, tell the truth.
Just as it is better to illuminate than merely to shine, so to pass on what one has contemplated is better than merely to contemplate.
This medication works instantly.
Say no to drugs.
Just say no.
Winners don't use drugs.
April is the national minority health month.
Excessive gambling causes the same brain changes as a drug addiction.
A device implanted in the spinal cord, dubbed the Orgasmotron, allows female patients to experience orgasm with the flick of a remote control.
I hate you.
I'd gladly pay more for something if it's of high quality.
I am Hungarian.
Would you please have a look at these papers?
He loves to make a mountain out of a molehill.
It started to rain.
It began to rain.
Other people's expectations affect how we behave.
Why did you cry?
I regret that I couldn't go with her.
I'm disappointed that I wasn't able to go with her.
"Literary composition is a great achievement that concerns the ruling of a state, a splendid affair of eternal standing".
The reason the Northern and Southern Dynasties had failed in their rule was that they allowed literary splendor to surpass real substance.
When using this information, I will follow any conditions you specify, whether that's anonymity or giving detailed reference.
It is not enough to do good; one must also do it well.
I have a spare today.
A beard does not make a philosopher.
I hate ticks!
One of the great mysteries of life is how a cat decides what to do next.
I don't like teachers who like students who don't like asking questions.
With you it's summer all year round.
I called a "break and fix" firm.
The mind should be a good servant, but the heart should be the master.
The tsunami alert was cancelled.
Instead of preparing a dinner by candlelight, she put her boyfriend up for auction on eBay.
Radioactive contamination was detected in spinach and edible chrysanthemum.
The minimum wage in Okinawa is yen per hour.
I did not lose my mind, I sold it on eBay.
She got to the point of not thinking she would want to live in this town again.
She doesn't want to live there ever again.
Their year-long stay in Germany was very fruitful.
We tend to watch television, whatever show is broadcasted.
"How far is it to Berlin?" "About km as the crow flies."
Something wrong?
Even the experts thought this painting was a genuine Rembrandt.
You're speaking like Eco.
You sound like Eco.
I can't stop browsing Tatoeba.
I didn't prepare a presentation. So I just blagged it.
The explosion was so powerful that the roof was blown away.
When she falls in love, she looks depressed.
I'd rather have a room of my own, no matter how small it is.
As soon as I hung up, the phone started ringing again.
It was such a powerful explosion that the roof was blown off.
Which is more enjoyable: listening to music alone or with other people?
One can see if they have eyes; one can hear if they have ears.
One cannot get through if there is no door; there is no light if there is no window.
Oh well.
That's not for you to decide.
Keep me in the loop.
Ever since he broke up with her she's been talking trash about him to all her friends.
Presidential sex scandals always make good copy.
Do you think you could describe the man you saw to a sketch artist?
Can you show me how to tie a tie?
The girl was struck with grief.
Shall we dance?
She's made shrimp dumplings and added shiitakes with Sichuan pepper.
She came to think that she'd never want to live in that town ever again.
Her desires were fully fullfilled.
Chinese people have a big red flag and a little red book.
Bulgaria is the only country in Europe where a former monarch has been elected prime minister.
It is a six hours' drive from Sofia to Varna.
Paper napkins are sold in packs of ten.
The father had met the sergeant last year.
Sharing is caring.
If a transnational corporation had invented Esperanto, it would be English.
Latest census data shows that the total population of the country is slightly above million people.
For the ten years since the last census the population has shrunk by 7.15%.
"I'm undercooked," said the food.
Graters are good for cheese, potatoes, ginger, and other things you might need little shreds of.
You might not need a grater if you have good knife skills.
Hand mixers provide a nice way to add air to batter.
Remove the beaters from the mixer before you lick them.
Alton Brown doesn't like garlic presses. He says they only really have one function, which can be done with a knife.
Use kitchen scissors to remove the skin from the chicken.
Ladle the soup into everyone's bowl.
What do you mean you dropped the ladle in the pot? How are we going to serve the homeless now?
In a pinch, a vegetable peeler can act as a zester.
When practicing at home, the aspiring bartender had to use a potato peeler to zest lemons.
This Turkish delight was made in China and assembled in Mexico.
Many European kitchens have scales because dry ingredients are measured by weight there, unlike in America, where they are measured by volume.
Grandma sprinkled flour on the rolling pin so the dough wouldn't stick to it.
Cornbread goes well in cupcake pans.
Don't ask where that turkey baster's been.
You'll burn your hands if you don't use a potholder or oven mitts!
The potato ricer, similar to the garlic press, is essential to making lefse.
Helen's forum experienced an irreconcilable schism over whether to use one or two oven mitts.
Slotted spoons have a particular role in the traditional absinthe ritual. They are used to hold a sugar cube over a glass as one dissolves it into her drink with cold water.
Get off your butt and do something!
Get off your ass and go for it!
Tux is the mascot for Linux.
Apocryphal stories are the most fun variety of bullshit.
Please, remember those words for the rest of your life.
He cuts down trees in the mountains.
If I had known your telephone number, I would have called you.
Radioactive cesium in amounts exceeding limits has been measured on young lancefish caught in Fukushima prefecture.
He soon got to know the other Erasmus students.
You should have bought a Teflon-coated pan.
If you had come a little earlier, you could have met her.
If you'd run all the way, you'd have arrived there in time.
If you'd run all the way, you would've gotten there in time.
I love Paul as if he were my father.
Most people will refuse to admit they've made a mistake.
She treated her broken leg.
The communist forces quickly defeated the Marines.
I don't know whether I've got the chutzpah to try it.
The fish are safe to eat.
I wish you wouldn't smoke so much.
We need to rack our brains some more.
You've overdone it.
If you see the cat in this picture, please call us.
If you see the cat in this photo, please call.
It's not easy to control the languages that you can speak!
Craps is a piece of cake if you only roll elevens.
Two times two equaled four before the Arithmetic Revolution.
"God! Who elects these people?" "God, who elects these people."
Cut the cake with that knife.
I'm afraid of having the wrong number.
Tux is an Antarctic bird.
I'm not an American.
Hippogriff hooves make the finest gelatin.
Manny wants to be a unicorn so girls will ride him.
Tomorrow is payday.
Yes, Sir!
Stop banging on the door!
I have sinned.
Whose is that notebook?
What is this notebook for?
Walk calmly to the door.
It's safe to eat the fish.
When I opened the door, I saw that she was sleeping.
My gerbil has gone missing.
You should hand in your homework by Friday, at the latest.
People respect high self-esteem.
He has a chance of equaling the old record.
The ring sports three diamonds, each equaling one tenth of a carat.
He was born with an incompletely formed heart valve.
Somehow, a nearly bankrupt third-party publisher flashed the new Castlevania game onto the memory incompletely. As a result, an entire generation of kids in Macon, Georgia unanimously condemned it as "Simon Does Nothing but Fall into a Bottomless Pit."
The world's first Ferris wheel was built in Chicago. It was named after its constructor, George Washington Gale Ferris, Jr.
The results of the study are indeterminate.
Don't be a dick.
Many a student has failed the test.
Their child is of indeterminate sex.
If I had had a little more money, I would have bought it.
If I had had enough money, I would have bought that computer.
I sold my books at a reasonable price.
If you don't study harder, you'll fail for sure.
If you don't study harder, you'll definitely fail.
Northeastern Chinese dishes are tasteless.
Which schools is Buddhist thought divided into?
Which Buddhist school of thought do they belong to?
Which schools stem from Buddhist thought?
A cornered fox is more dangerous than a jackal.
In our lives, we have three or four occasions of showing bravery, but every day, we have the occasion to show a lack of cowardice.
This robot was useful for accomplishing many tasks.
My robot's name is Maruchi.
Doors aren't as bad as you think.
St. Louis, Missouri is famous for the Gateway Arch and the Anheuser-Busch Brewery.
The crime rate is decreasing in Canada.
Now that we are at nearly the same level, we can start learning some piano duets.
The natural sciences are nomothetic, whereas the humanities are idiographic.
The world's first Ferris wheel was built in Chicago and - at least in English - named after its constructor, George Washington Gale Ferris, Jr.
It is human nature to think wisely and to act in an absurd fashion.
Christianity has done a great deal for love by making it a sin.
The law, in its majestic equality, forbids the rich as well as the poor to sleep under bridges, to beg in the streets, and to steal bread.
Who can find a virtuous woman? for her price is far above rubies.
A wife of noble character who can find? She is worth far more than rubies.
If it were not for women being admitted into our order, my teachings would have lasted years, now they will not last 500.
The Crvecur is a rare breed of French chicken.
One for all, and all for one, this is our motto.
When he saw that there was nothing more to see, he took his bike and rode home.
Oh yes, we love the computer voice!
I just ate sushi and drank beer.
She just ate sushi and drank beer.
He just ate sushi and drank beer.
We just ate sushi and drank beer.
I met him by chance at the airport yesterday.
I ran into him unexpectedly at the airport yesterday.
I unexpectedly ran into him at the airport yesterday.
Even if he's busy, he'll come.
Even though I studied English for years in school, I'm not good at speaking it.
I don't speak English well even though I took it for six years at school.
Stay in Hell.
We clear the futons away in the morning.
We put the futons away in the morning.
Buy a hedgehog and you'll be happy.
I met my teacher by chance at a restaurant last night.
I met my teacher by chance at the restaurant last night.
I happened to run into my teacher at a restaurant last night.
I happened to run into my teacher at the restaurant last night.
Mark hits on everything that moves.
The world is full of smartasses.
Two men had their arms severed in Taiwan after a tug-of-war accident.
Jean-Luc gives Beverly the book by Shakespeare.
It's never too early to blow our own horns, just don't let it go to your head.
Yesterday morning I ate a waffle!
"No way!" "Yes, yes way."
Danger makes dumb.
Danger makes mute.
Propose to me conditions that are better than the ones I have now, and I'll work with you.
We're going to have to remove your wisdom teeth. Right now.
Now I have two fiances.
I'm there for you.
I'm here for you.
Tatoeba: Where nothing ruins a passionate night of sentence-making like a poorly placed comma or, even worse, a careless typo.
Wait, truce!
Wait, pax!
He's not a good person.
Lobster tomalley can be toxic and it's best not to eat it.
Boiling lobsters is illegal in the town of Reggio Emilia, Italy.
I want you to redirect the output of this command into that file.
You need to filter the output of this command in order to display only the lines with "foo" inside.
A catastrophe has been averted.
Okay. I give in.
Are you game for a swim?
I'm game.
The Nuclear and Industrial Safety Agency upped the level of the incident at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant from level to level 7.
To hell with your problems.
From across the room she mouthed the words "I love you".
I had better ask her.
I had better ask them.
The food wasn't that great.
Why don't you come and see me sometimes?
The information is relevant.
The customer agrees.
The interviewer describes the interviewees.
He gives a background.
Only on one occasion the interviewee introduces a topic.
The aim of this report is to explain why there is the problem of obesity among primary school children and how this problem could be resolved.
Mr. Wang is Chinese.
Have you ever seen a film this good?
The man you just saw is a great musician.
He does well in physics.
I'm feeling blue today.
I'll wait till four o'clock.
Fever flushed his cheeks.
I had a long talk with her.
I'm extremely grateful to you.
She always dresses in black.
I own this sentence.
I don't own this sentence.
I'm holding a book by Susanna Tamaro.
The pilot raced for Ferrari from to 1999.
Does the average Italian really exist?
You won the lottery? No way!
We've been here for a couple of minutes.
I think she's been crying.
The car door doesn't close properly.
I don't like you.
I think there's a balance to be had.
He was one of the unsung heroes of the revolution.
She likes to go to dance with her friends.
I haven't seen him this morning. Maybe he's already left for the meeting.
When you told Nancy how fat she is, you really hit her where it hurts.
Come on, Joe. Don't be a stick in the mud. Go to the party with us!
My teacher doesn't like me. She's always giving me a hard time.
I'm afraid if Jeremy gets out of line just one more time, they will make him leave school.
My family welcomed my new boyfriend into their home with open arms.
Sarah, I believe you have what it takes to be a great volleyball player.
Since they couldn't agree, they decided just to leave the topic open for now.
Jerry is a very honest man. You can always take him at his word.
How do you always get such good marks in school? I never see you even crack a book.
If you want to get a visa to go to America, you have to go through a lot of channels first.
Since Janet died, her husband has really gone off the deep end.
I can't believe you got away with sneaking out of your house last night. Your father didn't hear you.
Roger, what you say makes sense and I agree with you.
Our team doesn't stand a chance against their team because they are much better than we are.
Our country would be better off if we had a new prime minister.
If you drive at night, you should watch out for drunk drivers.
The police will keep an eye on the man they think is the criminal.
Be careful when you shop, because some sales people will try to take advantage of you and offer you an expensive price.
I really feel sorry for that old man who lives alone and has no family.
Sharon found out that she was going to have a baby.
They're so tired because they've been working around the clock for days.
Yesterday the students finished Chapter so now they'll move on to Chapter 2.
The workers stopped short of constructing that building because they didn't have enough money to finish it.
Watch out! That car almost hit you.
Can I stay with you? I was kicked out of my house because I didn't pay the rent.
The doctor said that grandmother is still very sick, but she's out of the woods.
Don't feel sorry for yourself. We're all in the same boat.
Nancy will never go on a date with me. She's out of my league.
William is so organized. He's always on top of things.
We're really behind schedule. We need to get on the ball.
I will see you after lunch, but don't forget to let me know when you will be back.
With his bright red hair, Carl really stands out in a crowd of people.
Everyone is happy with the decision, so please don't rock the boat.
Did you hear that the position for manager is up for grabs?
Billy, get lost! I don't want to see you here again.
Stop beating around the bush and tell me directly why you're so angry.
Don't waste your breath with Fred. He'll never change his mind.
At the seminar, they threw us all together into groups and made us talk together.
It's difficult to tell those two twins apart because they look so much alike.
You must stand up for what you believe in or no one will respect you.
Please don't spill the beans to Elizabeth that I bought her a gold necklace for her birthday.
It serves you right that you failed your exam. You didn't study for it at all.
Sweetheart, we need to go to the supermarket. We ran out of milk.
I'm in a hurry for school and I can't talk with anybody right now.
I'm sorry I can't join you today. I have to run a lot of errands before this evening.
Yes, I was outside and it's raining cats and dogs.
Chris, you're completely wet!
Wow, Daniel has put on a lot of weight since the last time I saw him.
Please stop talking. I need to concentrate on my game.
We'll have to make room for your mother when she moves into our house with us.
It makes no difference what you say. I'm still going to buy that expensive car.
Melissa completely lost her head when the house caught on fire. She didn't know what to do.
How long have you been studying Japanese?
David thinks he's so important. He always looks down on the other people in his office.
I have already done all my tasks.
Please be quiet. They are studying for a very difficult exam.
You shouldn't have let the cat out of the bag about being pregnant so soon. I wanted to surprise everyone.
I can't remember what Timothy looks like, but I'm sure I'll know him by sight.
Would you two knock it off with the loud noise? I'm trying to sleep.
It's so hard to keep up with teenage clothing fashions these days because they change so often.
It's very important to keep your head if there's an emergency.
Let's go to the beach. I got time off from work for the next days.
Jennifer is very disappointed about the concert being cancelled. She really had her heart set on going.
If you think your team can win against our team, you've got another thing coming!
It goes without saying that Tom is in love with Kathy.
That's OK, we can go Dutch tonight.
Its my pleasure to come to UTE-HCM.
It's my pleasure to come to your university.
Please lead me to Ho Chi Minh Open University!
Please drive us to TECO in the HITC building in the Cau Giay district.
Im so glad to visit VNU.
Its my pleasure to come to VNU.
His aunt's apple pie was delicious, so he had a second helping.
Inhabitants were not permitted to enter the area.
Schalke are playing Inter Milan tonight.
You should have the test done again. The result may have been a false positive.
He was a pitiable spectacle of neglect and wretchedness as he sat there on an upturned pail, eating his bread and cheese with fingers that, like his clothing, were grimed with paint and dirt.
The red king crab is a large crustacean.
I had naan with the tea for breakfast.
Most of the others also lit their pipes and a desultory conversation ensued.
It is a truth universally acknowledged, that a single man in possession of a good fortune, must be in want of a wife.
What say you, Mary? For you are a young lady of deep reflection, I know, and read great books and make extracts.
He had entertained hopes of being admitted to a sight of the young ladies, of whose beauty he had heard much; but he saw only the father. The ladies were somewhat more fortunate, for they had the advantage of ascertaining from an upper window that he wore a blue coat, and rode a black horse.
Mr. Bingley was good-looking and gentlemanlike; he had a pleasant countenance, and easy, unaffected manners.
Upon my honour, I never met with so many pleasant girls in my life as I have this evening; and there are several of them you see uncommonly pretty.
Oh! She is the most beautiful creature I ever beheld!
He could not help seeing that you were about five times as pretty as every other woman in the room.
All the world are good and agreeable in your eyes.
I never heard you speak ill of a human being in your life.
Oh! you are a great deal too apt, you know, to like people in general.
And so you like this man's sisters, too, do you? Their manners are not equal to his.
They were of a respectable family in the north of England.
Mr. Bingley inherited property to the amount of nearly a hundred thousand pounds from his father.
Bingley had never met with more pleasant people or prettier girls in his life.
Sir William Lucas had been formerly in trade in Meryton, where he had made a tolerable fortune, and risen to the honour of knighthood by an address to the king during his mayoralty.
Vanity and pride are different things, though the words are often used synonymously.
A person may be proud without being vain. Pride relates more to our opinion of ourselves, vanity to what we would have others think of us.
Bingley likes your sister undoubtedly; but he may never do more than like her, if she does not help him on.
But if a woman is partial to a man, and does not endeavour to conceal it, he must find it out.
Happiness in marriage is entirely a matter of chance.
There is nothing like dancing after all. I consider it as one of the first refinements of polished society.
Every savage can dance.
A lady's imagination is very rapid; it jumps from admiration to love, from love to matrimony, in a moment.
Don't you have two computers?
I ate a greater burdock tempura.
How much was your new computer?
I want to play on the computer.
If I had money, I'd buy a computer.
The computer is broken.
This boy slept for eight hours.
The first group studies in the morning, the second in the evening.
The street is slippery.
She always wears black.
I'll wait until four o'clock.
I'm in a bad mood today.
My fountain pen is new.
You're in my way.
You're really brave, aren't you?
She's fluent in English.
I ate a burdock root tempura.
From all that I can collect by your manner of talking, you must be two of the silliest girls in the country. I have suspected it some time, but I am now convinced.
No, my dear, you had better go on horseback.
He was an indolent man, who lived only to eat, drink, and play at cards.
Pray tell your sister that I long to see her.
The power of doing anything with quickness is always prized much by the possessor, and often without any attention to the imperfection of the performance.
Are you a member of your local library?
When I have a house of my own, I shall be miserable if I have not an excellent library.
Pray do not talk of that odious man.
The worst thing about the fall is the leaf peepers.
The worst thing about winter is the snow.
The worst thing about spring is the mud.
The worst thing about summer is the heat.
My least favorite season is mud season.
They should know it.
Meanwhile, the PIRATE Party offers space on an internet server of their own to all CDU groups in Kassel that are affected by censorship by the party leaders.
I'm often compared to my brothers.
Wisdom is a treasure for tens of generations.
My parents love me.
Apparently the bus was late.
The older a town is, the more garbage it produces.
Are you ready for the year 2012?
I'm rather better now.
I know your first name.
I know your Christian name.
I didn't forget your words.
The object of war is not to die for your country but to make the other bastard die for his.
This is something she probably shouldn't have asked.
In China, there are minorities.
I don't feel like translating this sentence.
Mr. Bennet's property consisted almost entirely in an estate of two thousand a year, which, unfortunately for his daughters, was entailed, in default of heirs male, on a distant relation.
He was a tall, heavy-looking young man of five-and-twenty. His air was grave and stately, and his manners were very formal.
Any problem that can be resolved with money isn't a problem, but the problem is that I'm poor.
The garden in which stands my humble abode is separated only by a lane from Rosings Park, her ladyship's residence.
We start class at 9am, but he came as early as oclock.
She was only when she graduated from university.
One of our players scored a goal just five minutes after the match started.
I have often observed how little young ladies are interested by books of a serious stamp, though written solely for their benefit. It amazes me, I confess; for, certainly, there can be nothing so advantageous to them as instruction.
We start class at nine o'clock, but he didnt come until quarter past.
Last night my daughter didn't come home until half past one.
He didn't get a driving licence until he was twenty-eight.
At the end of the day, it's just food.
The album was long-listed for a music award.
You're starting to piss me off.
You're starting to get on my tits.
The interpreter tries to give the most detail and information possible.
The truth?
The Polish language is involved.
Do you have a points card?
Do you have a rewards card?
He waited for him until 10.
This novel was written by a famous American writer.
He's from Georgia.
You should go to bed.
He put his hand gently on her shoulder.
Where I live, we have snow in January.
That cheese is made from goat's milk.
The snow has melted.
The band is on hiatus.
I've said everything.
Few students understand Latin.
It was a calm winter evening.
There are some cases where this rule does not apply.
I'm a nice guy.
Yes, it's time to go.
It's Ying Li.
You're going?
Michael Jackson has passed away.
Show me today's papers.
Can you mail this letter for me?
Why so much hate?
When your eyes encounter a beautiful woman, knock her out.
I think that Tatoeba is quite slow today.
The new waiter should be much more competent.
This is a funny sentence.
If you can read this sentence, then you're able to read.
The new server should have much better performance.
I want a chamomile tea.
I'm going back.
Let's get back to our sheep!
Please shake before opening.
I have a boyfriend who loves me.
I think that my German is really bad.
England proper is divided into ceremonial counties.
You'd better leave now.
She came down for breakfast at eight.
This children's story is easy enough for a seven-year-old child to read.
She became a famous painter.
I tried to learn this song by heart.
Grandma likes watching TV.
They killed this goat as a sacrifice to God.
You differ from me in many ways.
I turned in my paper yesterday.
This director is not insensitive to criticism.
How wonderful were the good old days.
I haven't eaten anything in the past three days.
The doctor told me to go to bed.
Mr Kinoshita left his glasses behind in the office yesterday evening.
The individual does not exist for the good of the State.
I'll bring you up to date with the latest news from the village.
Cultures of the East and the West meet together in this country.
He went to Yokohama in his beloved car.
I was relieved that you could understand my broken English.
They sell everything here.
That Kabuki actor is very well known amongst young people.
This teacher is in charge of the third year class.
He lives at the top of this hill.
He's fast.
He's very nice with her.
Dean really eats quite a lot, don't you think?
Paris is at its best in autumn.
I've been living in Canada for five years.
Let's chase out corrupt politicians!
Public morals are not respected anymore in this town.
Napoleon's army advanced up to Moscow.
We cannot complete this work in a day.
This famous conductor lives in New York.
I can't eat raw eggs; they must be cooked.
This holiday isn't much fun - we should go home.
The goat Mei, that hurried inside a mountain hut on a stormy night.
I picked up some French here and there.
Please fill this water bottle.
She has traveled in foreign countries.
I think it's going to get steadily hotter from now.
It has started to rain.
The restaurant was far from the train station.
He explained the literal meaning of the sentence.
He likes to go out on horseback.
Appetite comes with eating.
I am probably due to speak tonight.
Our hunting dog took off after a big deer.
The news was censored for the time being.
"Okonatta" is the right word.
There's no need to advertise a good wine.
We're always somebody else's idiot.
I don't work that much!
Where's the North?
Can you please sign this document?
Give me all the details.
His dog appeared suddenly from behind the door.
He sent me a brief letter.
Being angry, he loudly rattled the locked door.
She will give birth in July.
He seems hungry.
There's nothing that cannot be done with money in this world.
Music unites.
The boy was searching for the key that he had lost.
Please make your bed.
Where there is music there is joy.
Do you know where these equations come from?
Please forgive my asking such a personal question.
This report is meant to explain my language learning experiences.
The same locution could have a different illocutionary force in different contexts.
They're either in the shed or in the den.
The utterance is potentially misleading.
Grandeur and gallantry never appeared with more lustre in France, than in the last years of Henry the Second's reign.
Never were finer women or more accomplished men seen in any Court, and Nature seemed to have taken pleasure in lavishing her greatest graces on the greatest persons.
To his valour he added a most exquisite genius and understanding, grandeur of mind, and a capacity equally turned for military or civil affairs.
It seems that Mr. Tanaka has taken his exam.
There appeared at this time a lady at Court, who drew the eyes of the whole world; and one may imagine she was a perfect beauty, to gain admiration in a place where there were so many fine women.
Why is everything going wrong?
He is from another world.
The girl closed her eyes and listened to the pastor.
He pulled up the weeds and threw them away.
You alone can do it, but you can't do it alone.
Japanese children are group members even when they are sleeping.
They have not learnt that they must obey their superiors and respect them.
It must come soon.
They always complain about their superiors.
Regardless of what he does, he does it well.
The Polish language is on trial!
Those people ruin their government, but they don't know how to build it again.
How do you know my name?
How can we learn the truth?
I bring candy for the children.
The painting is candy to the eyes.
It is not crime against God in Islam that a man has two or more wives.
She wanted to die because she couldn't satisfy her parents.
At which time do you have the next lesson?
It took her six years to get up the courage to tell him that she didn't like him anymore.
If you can't find it on Tatoeba, it's not a sentence.
Yeah, I got a new job but it's nothing to write home about.
She's a total skank.
He isn't who he says he is.
If you want her forgiveness you need to come clean about what you did.
Come back to bed, honey.
He's a stand-up guy.
For several months after the robbery the thieves kept a low profile.
Some go to a bar to have a good time and others to drown their sorrows.
How can something so wrong feel so right?
I went stag to the prom.
He'll do anything to score some drugs.
"No way!" "Way."
"So you think it was John who stole my wallet?". "I don't know, but I wouldn't put it past him."
I don't know anybody by that name.
Why do people add simple and common sentences such as "hello", "how are you", etc.?
Where are the parking meters?
Where are the metres?
Where are the parking metres?
Children go from school to home.
China is the biggest country in Asia.
Let's not jump the gun.
She waved him goodbye.
It was his undoing.
It's not a question of tax allowance but of moral exhaustion.
Lo and behold!
We're having a barbie.
We're having a barbecue.
Easter bunnies are an oviparous species in the mammal family of Leporidae.
The Princess of Cleves being at those years, wherein people think a woman is incapable of inciting love after the age of twenty-five, beheld with the utmost astonishment the King's passion for the Duchess, who was a grandmother, and had lately married her granddaughter.
Why, I wouldn't know what this contraption is supposed to do.
Get your arse into gear!
I have at least one house.
Qo'noS is the home planet of the Klingons.
This is well good.
No matter what he does, he does it well.
Her favourite band is Warpaint.
Oh no! I just spent so much money!
If you became a designer, you could make better use of your talents.
The escaped prisoner hasn't been caught yet.
Mary always has to give her opinion.
You should take my advice.
The 5% topical solution was ineffective at reducing eczema outbreaks.
A plethora of ineffective education programs made the president unpopular amongst fiscal conservatives.
The school used its computer lab funds ineffectively.
I ineffectively tried to win her heart back.
Luckily, the treatment was only ineffective instead of harmful.
Five self-help books later, Sergey still had a terribly ineffective approach to management.
The program's memory management was so inefficient that it actually damaged the RAM somehow!
Trying to beat some kid's high score is an inefficient use of your time.
A literal boatload of new computers were recalled for inefficient power use.
This design is too inefficient to prototype.
I'm reconsidering my engagement.
Whenever someone brings up politics, he always ends up reconsidering his positions on everything.
The government has been reconsidering its firearms exportation.
Drew constantly checks government listings of unclaimed property.
Thousands of dollars in scholarships go unclaimed each year.
An unclaimed child and his dog sit by the railroad tracks.
Do you see all those skeletons strewn around? Don't you think this fortune is unclaimed for a reason?
He's not an idiot.
They have no impact on the environment.
Leave your message after hearing the beep.
He racked his brains, trying to find a solution.
Don't do the duck-face in your mirror self-shots!
It's time for me to go.
I need a table that's a bit farther away from the policemen.
Maria has blue eyes.
I watched television after having my meal.
You'd better ask Dr. Tanaka.
I want to eat a Dapanji!
I would like to pay with a credit card.
They lack an ideal, a reason to get up in the morning.
Why do people commit suicide?
When she was abroad, she often used Skype.
Because she was out of the country, she used Skype frequently.
She used Skype frequently because she was overseas.
Because she was overseas, she often phoned via Skype.
You never get my jokes.
In the next four years, 15,000,000,must be saved.
The Roman legions withdrew in A.D..
The pidgin has no native speakers.
A few Roman words crept into British usage.
Celtic is still present in Irish, Welsh and Scottish Gaelic.
The most common words in English are Anglo-Saxon words.
The sea is rough.
Ever been to Muskogee?
The neighborhood has been gentrified. Now it's teeming with pretend hipsters slurping skinny lattes at Starbucks. They gather round coffee and free Wi-Fi like bees round a honeypot.
All music is furniture. What the hell's so special about Erik Satie?
My roses are covered in aphids, to say nothing of the ants!
Liza was uncommonly good at remembering customers' orders, which, sadly, kept her out of any managerial positions.
Hector's uncommonly brash and outspoken today. He's usually deathly quiet.
My uncommonly well-made sneaker lasted years. Its mate did not.
He began to twitch uncontrollably as I called 911.
What made the comedian's audience laugh so uncontrollably that night was a convenient nitrous oxide leak.
In 2011, Toyota recalled two million vehicles which, they alleged, had gas pedals that could jam and cause the car to accelerate uncontrollably.
My date shivered and sweated uncontrollably as she asked me for children way the hell too early.
Silence him before he uncovers anything newsworthy.
She uncovers the little plastic tortilla holder so gracefully. It's little things like that that are so cute about people.
He who uncovers the most dies the fastest.
Dozens of pop stars are crowned and uncrowned every few years.
With one glorious right hook, Punkin' Pie uncrowned the reigning heavyweight champion.
Uncut footage of the governor's affair has surfaced on the Internet.
The uncut version of the DVD only included one extra scene.
When he asked for a single slice, they gave him an entire uncut pizza, which he proceeded to eat by rolling it up like a burrito and just shoveling it in. The question, of course, is whether a whole entity is a slice of itself.
While at the fabric store, a small boy discovered large rolls of uncut fabric, which he unrolled and hid under, cackling like twelve squirrels.
Our football team has gone undefeated for years because it doesn't exist.
I found the supporting characters rather underdeveloped.
They were undressed when I came in.
People who resort to ad hominem arguments are all a bunch of backwoods jackasses.
May I have your undivided attention?
You have our party's undivided support.
Yes. No. Maybe. I don't know.
Those who know nothing of foreign languages know nothing of their own.
I bit my tongue until it bled.
When will your new novel come out?
This car's tires don't have enough air.
A quarterly growth of 1.2% means an annual growth rate of 4.8%.
Four legs good, two legs bad.
Yesterday I bought two steamed buns.
After you get to the traffic lights, turn right.
Tomorrow I'll go out with friends after having lunch.
I ate three pieces of cake.
I only slept for three hours.
If youve only slept for three hours, you certainly wont do well in the exam.
Keep the time, observe the hours of the universe, not of the cars.
Once youve done your homework for an hour, you can watch TV.
All men are children, and of one family. The same tale sends them all to bed, and wakes them in the morning.
The weather is cold now.
All this worldly wisdom was once the unamiable heresy of some wise man.
I dont smoke any more.
She's a doctor now.
He can drive a car now.
Youve had eleven bottles of beer!
He's been asleep for ten hours now.
No definition of poetry is adequate unless it be poetry itself.
We do not live for idle amusement.
I've only been online for ten minutes.
The title wise is, for the most part, falsely applied.
You must love the crust of the earth on which you dwell more than the sweet crust of any bread or cake; you must be able to extract nutriment out of a sand heap.
Can you make it?
I can't see!
I heartily accept the motto, "That government is best which governs least".
You can't buy apples any more!
Apples have sold-out!
The mass of men lead lives of quiet desperation.
Man flows at once to God when the channel of purity is open.
If God did not intend for us to eat animals, then why did he make them out of meat?
This dog is a crossbreed.
All of the children had to go to bed before dark.
I've decided to answer all questions publicly.
Maybe it's great.
According to the radio, it will rain tomorrow.
We might meet again in the near future.
Tom's dying for that apple.
He sometimes says nice things.
The conference had a full house.
Do the children go to school?
This building is about to collapse.
This building is on the verge of collapsing.
No matter how drunk you were, Goethe was a poet!
Choose three words or phrases relating to your topic that other students might find interesting and useful and present them to the class.
Hand in a bibliography of your sources.
Choose a current affairs issue.
If you don't understand, ask.
Generally speaking, girls are better at learning languages than boys.
That is insane. Only a fool would believe that.
He was mayor.
Your lovely voice was very pleasant to my ears.
He asked for help.
The German course lasts one semester.
Woe to him!
The ship dropped anchor in the harbor.
Step on the scale.
Other than that, you should know that I allow myself a bit of irony from time to time.
He arrives unannounced.
My whole family is doing well.
Max explained to Julia why he could not come to her farewell party.
Max explained to Julia why he could not come to his farewell party.
My friends stood by me during the process.
He asked me if I like maths.
You are free tomorrow.
They began a discussion.
Do not make a scene in front of everyone.
The Milky Way is a vast belt of distant stars, each similar to our sun.
He works hard to achieve his goal.
He fled when he saw me.
I was fortunate to find a good job.
He speaks Russian.
Would you sleep with me?
I have studied Italian for a few months.
I am counting on your help.
He went to America to study American literature.
Mom made a cake for my birthday.
I am intrigued by what is happening.
I would like a glass of water.
The heat is overwhelming.
His unusual behavior aroused our suspicion.
I had to pay five more dollars.
He was too tired to study.
Have you ever been to Okinawa?
If everyone pitches in, we can do it.
We should take off our shoes before entering the house.
We must remove our shoes before entering the house.
This tree is three meters around.
Can you give me a cup of tea?
You are beaten. Give up.
His behavior disappointed many of his friends.
The house with the green roof is mine.
She gave me the evil eye.
Again.
Walking is a healthy form of exercise.
He fell ill from overeating.
He was sick from eating too much.
Many people are suffering from hunger around the world.
A boy ran up to me.
Stick it up your arse.
I have my own bedroom.
In the holidays, I spent days doing nothing.
I'm taller than him.
They've fooled you.
It's not safe to swim in that river.
Tell me what you're thinking.
Is this everything?
The shop on the corner sells fruit at a very good price.
Where's the zoo?
Can you make me a Spanish omelette for dinner please?
They saw Pedro talking to the art teacher.
I can't help you.
Like mother, like daughter.
She's a blue-eyed Chinese Muslim.
What we know of health we have learned from the study of disease.
My idol is idle.
The Hermitage Museum is located in Saint Petersburg.
Off with your head!
Off with your balls!
The hell with him!
He sang some old songs.
Cool story, bro.
Tie your shoes.
Tie your shoe.
Rise up, take up thy bed, and walk.
She seems OK now.
Israel's right to exist should not be up for discussion.
Tokyo is larger than Yokohama.
How many books have you read?
Damn, I was wrong.
What a big boy he is!
Although she has many weaknesses, I trust her.
Every nation seeks to perpetuate itself.
He hid behind the door.
I had a breakdown.
This is the best seafood restaurant in the neighborhood.
Esperanto speakers are in principle still at least bilingual.
He concentrated on that.
Were you busy last week?
Please stay calm, everyone.
Camille is frustrated with Alan's distracted attitude.
He finally decided to propose to her.
I had a quick breakfast.
This time, it looks like it is me who is wrong.
He took care of the business after his father's death.
Consider the path.
We lost against our rival on price.
You can certainly swim in the lake, but there is no sense in doing so.
This doctor is a man of culture.
These were victims of war, so to speak.
I am only warming up now.
You are mad.
The roof leaks.
Although he is young, he is very careful.
I would complain.
I would lodge a complaint.
I was beginning to lose my cool.
This year, the winter is mild, isn't it? It's very nice.
I read five different magazines each month.
Don't be afraid of public speaking.
He has the bad habit of chewing his pencil.
I'm exhausted! I just want to go home, take a bath, and go to bed.
Teachers must be tired of correcting the same mistakes over and over again in their students' papers.
What happened to you? You look miserable.
The interview began at o'clock.
The students laughed under their breath when they saw that the teacher had put on his sweater backwards.
It was not easy to convince him.
He gave me his favorite book as a farewell gift and moved to Osaka.
Incredible!
I'm sorry, I don't let in people I don't know.
The sky turned dark.
You gave a bad example.
Raise up your left hand.
Real men drink tea.
I speak of my friend.
How far is Hakata from here?
Should I call you or will you call me?
You are pedantic.
It was yesterday that she went.
Paul was born in Rome.
Tomorrow I'm busy, and I can't come to your place.
They kept their love a secret.
Lojbanistan borders Esperantujo.
I went out with my friends.
It was with my friends that I went out.
I studied Chinese in Beijing.
It was in Beijing that I studied Chinese.
I study Chinese in Beijing.
Last Friday I ate dinner with my girlfriend in a restaurant.
It was last Friday that I ate dinner with my girlfriend in a restaurant.
It was with my girlfriend that I ate dinner in a restaurant last Friday.
It was in a restaurant that I ate dinner last Friday with my girlfriend.
Today I came to work by car.
I wrote this letter in French.
He found out this information online.
It was my grandfather that told me that story.
He was interested in me.
Did you go to London that day?
Who was it that he phoned?
Was it in May that I was born?
It wasn't in Paris that we met.
My wallet wasn't stolen by him.
I sell clothing online.
It was online that I sold the clothes.
Soldiers currently in theatre will not be made redundant.
Heligoland is located in the German Bight.
Fate has turned in my favour.
Yuriko is planning to move into the furniture business.
His disjointed term paper earned him a grade of 63%. Of course, he was not very logical himself.
Long exposure to both pick-up artists and feminists gave tienne a disjointed approach to women.
He organized the university's butterfly collection so meticulously that it is now fully machine-searchable.
Why doesn't the list of languages include Maltese?
Macedonia and Bulgaria are not friends.
I like milk and bread.
Spicy pepper is my favorite.
My husband and I were spinners, but our spinning company drove us to ruin.
We're not in the jungle.
What shall I wear when going there?
I am going to sleep.
I am as good as Tom MacKartney.
I have done my homework.
I am doing my homework.
I was doing my homework.
Passportu is a very lucky human.
I usually drink a lot of milk.
Well, I am going to the cinema.
Do you like your hot dog?
If you owe your bank manager a thousand pounds, you are at his mercy. If you owe him a million pounds, he is at your mercy.
It's not surprising!
I forgot the name of your brother; what's his name?
How many students are there in total?
While I understand what you are saying, I cannot do accordingly.
I talked to him on the telephone yesterday night.
This medicine does not have side effects.
They are what you eat.
Don't give it to him.
Everyone's went there, no?
We're wildly looking for the evidence to our own existence.
We're wildly looking for evidence of our own existence.
He drives an old Yugo.
At last, he solved the problem.
Tango is the vertical expression of a horizontal desire.
I should very much appreciate a prompt reply.
It may be problematic to dissuade your parents from accompanying you to the event.
How many questions are there?
Is there a choice of questions?
How many words should you write?
Your face is pasted.
He's a ghostwriter.
He's a nigger.
You must capitalize on the opportunity.
He's a goal keeper.
Does someone know how to earn money in time of crisis?
She's picking her nose.
The wait at immigration is at least minutes.
Why do I even bother?
A promise is not enough.
Who's looking after your dogs?
He is caught between the devil and the deep blue sea.
He's jumping out of the frying pan into the fire.
There are three kinds of people in the world: those who can count, and those who can't.
Today, my classmate saw you guys shopping at Auchan.
Hang your clothes out to dry!
A cat sleeps on a chair.
The cargo ship arrived four hours early.
This event suddenly happened on its own.
Promises should be kept.
I love you more than I love any other person.
To live at the end of the world.
You never told me a single thing about this.
The man who makes but one mistake a year because he makes but two decisions is wrong fifty per cent of the time.
It is said that Tokyo is a very safe city.
Who will win?
Am I qualified?
He was a bookkeeper.
The reason is clear.
This is no accident.
Do you enjoy talking?
Did he do such things?
He is always prepared.
Lawyers are all liars.
There is no third choice.
Flashy people irritate him.
Jimmie is to be a minister.
His father was a policeman.
He seldom counts his change.
Our best friend is a doctor.
Such a person is seldom dull.
The reason for this is plain.
He seldom orders anything new.
He does not belong in the city.
The reason for this is obvious.
Very few fat men have long noses.
Dorothy should study art in Paris.
He makes no half-hearted attempts.
To make money one must want money.
She is the type men call "stunning."
Concentration is a very simple thing.
The same is true of all human beings.
These two have very little in common.
Get a good start by observing carefully.
He is inclined to argue at great length.
Never do anything just to show you can.
Chess and checkers are favorites with them.
Neither of them cares for strenuous sports.
"What will you have to do?" asked her friend.
Alexander Graham Bell invented the telephone.
We are prone to judge every one by ourselves.
He is always a step or two ahead of the times.
He seldom does anything he really hates to do.
They are not very different from anybody else.
He is unmarried and has no brothers or sisters.
They are no more alike than a cow and a canary.
After a while passion and infatuation ooze away.
He applies this principle to everything in life.
His helplessness appeals to her motherly sympathy.
These are the steps that lead straight to failure.
They prefer the shadows rather than the spotlight.
That type of person almost never asks for a raise.
They do not waste anything nor throw anything away.
Don't push your child into any vocation he dislikes.
He seldom reads an editorial and is not a book worm.
There's been a lawyer in the family for generations.
Don't interfere with him if you want him to like you.
Hundreds of unemployed men sleep there day and night.
No extremely fat man has ever attempted such a thing.
Such a man does not go hunting and seldom owns a gun.
The way you sit tells a great deal about your nature.
They like ragtime, jazz and music with a swing to it.
To be an acrobat is the ambition of almost every boy.
He dislikes unexpectedness and emergencies of any kind.
It is the price they pay for their years of over-eating.
The most beloved people in the world are the spontaneous.
Everything hits the mark with him and he lets you know it.
He knows other and easier ways of getting what he desires.
You owe it to those who are dependent upon you to do this.
You will exist but you will never know what it is to live.
He takes the attitude that resistance is a waste of energy.
His chances for making a great deal of money are excellent.
Never choose a new vocation just because you are restless.
Think of what you are reading while you are reading it.
A violent thought instantly brings violent bodily movements.
Each one of the world's great successes was a failure first.
History is replete with the stories of unappreciated genius.
It's not how much you know, but what you can do that counts.
The power of his physique is evident to all who look at him.
A fat man seldom dislikes anybody very hard or for very long.
A young man asked us if he could succeed as a public speaker.
He does not like to wait until the last moment to do a thing.
Most of us are much more interesting than the world suspects.
"I can't bear to be doing nothing!" you often hear people say.
The poor talker sometimes surprises us by being a good writer.
The size of a man's laundry bill is no criterion of his income.
A very unfortunate case came to our attention several years ago.
He enjoys his sleep and doesn't like to have it interfered with.
Science has discovered that there are five types of human beings.
Such a person invariably expends his physical energy more slowly.
An understanding of people is the greatest weapon you can possess.
He loves a banquet, provided he is not expected to make a speech.
"The good die young" is an old saying which may or may not be true.
He is apt to say atrocious things and to exaggerate his grievances.
He never believes in paying any more for a thing than is necessary.
It was the great lung-power of Caruso that made him a great singer.
Just as there are few fat "old maids," there are few fat bachelors.
Make a decision and make it with the confidence that you are right.
You can always tell what any individual wants most by what he does.
He prefers plain, simple people, for he is plain and simple himself.
It is difficult to get him to do anything on the spur of the moment.
Our ancestors developed massive jaws as a result of constant combat.
Morality is mostly a matter of how much temptation you can withstand.
Very fat people waddle when they walk, though few of them realize it.
He is too busy dreaming dreams to plan what he will do in his old age.
A car that you never took out of the garage would be of no value to you.
The only way to handle him is to let him think he is having his own way.
Life's experiences make vivid records on the sensitive plate of his mind.
Overtaxed heart, kidneys and liver are inevitable results of too much food.
When the desire for leisure is stronger than the other urges, leisure wins.
When your stomach is busy, digesting a big meal your brain takes a vacation.
He just naturally avoids everything that is intense, difficult or strenuous.
He soon grows tired of a thing regardless of how much he liked it to begin with.
If he is in middle circumstances his clothes will be chosen chiefly for comfort.
He keeps his griefs, sorrows, ambitions and most of his real opinions to himself.
A few years ago, in San Francisco, a young woman came to us for vocational advice.
The most essential thing in the world to any individual is to understand himself.
The heart itself is nothing more nor less than a large, tough, leather-like muscle.
"People who can not play together will not work together long," said Elbert Hubbard.
The loneliness and drabness of working away from people are fatal to his best effort.
There are two kinds of work in the world--head work and hand work; mental and manual.
Many great thinkers who were unknown while alive became famous after death.
Hundreds of people marry each year who have known each other only a few days or weeks.
If there is nothing near them that needs doing, they are sure to go and find something.
He does not care for any sport involving team work or quick responses to other players.
The eating of delicious food is one of the most intense and poignant pleasures of life.
Almost the only time a fat man loses his temper is when he has been deprived of his food.
"Everything accomplished starts with the dream of it," is a saying we all know to be true.
The man who is constantly making decisions and being compelled to alter them gets nowhere.
"When poverty comes in the door, love flies out the window" is a saying as old as it is sad.
He is likely to have a book and a cracker at his meals--and then forget to eat the cracker!
The best parents of all are those who allow their children to follow their natural talents.
We keep our most interesting thoughts and the most interesting side of ourselves hidden away.
No person achieves success or happiness when compelled to do what he naturally dislikes to do.
We humans have a great way of twisting facts to fit our conclusion as soon as we have made one.
Most of the plain, simple, everyday things he desires can be secured by people of average means.
To have more than one problem before him at one time makes him irritable, upset and exasperated.
He is usually straightforward and sincere and thereby gains the confidence of those who meet him.
Such a person will often go a block out of his way to avoid meeting a person of the opposite sex.
You will never get far without the co-operation, confidence and comradeship of other men and women.
He insists on things being done in the most efficient way and he usually does them that way himself.
Every student of biology, anatomy, anthropology, ethnology or psychology is familiar with these facts.
Between meals, he usually manages to stow away a generous supply of candy, ice cream, popcorn and fruit.
The body and the mind of man are so closely bound together that whatever affects one affects the other.
Poverty does more to bring out the worst in people and conceal the best than anything else in the world.
The world's greatest singers and most of its famous musicians have been fat or at least decidedly plump.
Her sewing basket, dresser drawers and pantry shelves are all systematically arranged in apple-pie order.
Thomas A. Edison so loves his work that he sleeps an average of less than four hours of each twenty-four.
If you are a parent, don't allow yourself to set your heart on any particular line of work for your children.
He is inclined to look at everything from the standpoint of its practicality and is neither stingy nor extravagant.
Not long ago we heard a father say in the presence of his large family, "I don't want any of my boys to be lawyers."
Notice the hands of the people you meet and you will be surprised to see how different and how interesting they are.
A chance to do as we please, especially to do as little hard work as possible, is a secret desire of almost everybody.
I never see a library without wishing I had time to go there and stay till I had read everything in it.
When we hear of a divorce we assume that it was caused by the inability of those two people to agree upon fundamentals.
Never choose a vocation just because it looks easy.
Never choose a vocation just because it looks profitable.
Never choose a vocation just because the hours are short.
Never choose a vocation just because it promises social standing.
Never choose a vocation just because it is popular or sounds interesting.
Never choose a vocation just because it permits the wearing of good clothes.
Never choose a vocation just because your friends are in it, nor refuse another just because your worst enemy is in it.
The wounded were transported with an ambulance.
How do you say "kaisha" in English?
He fell asleep behind the wheel and had an accident.
Please clean those dishes.
Lincoln Park is a neighborhood on the North Side of Chicago.
Who is that woman with the brown coat?
Well, have you decided yet?
I didn't see anybody.
I speak a little Scottish Gaelic.
Do you speak English and Scottish Gaelic?
We don't live in Scotland yet.
Look at this high mountain.
I'm always hungry.
Everyone has his price.
Why can't I hold all these limes?
Oh God! How did this get here? I'm not good with computers!
I came here to kick ass and chew bubblegum... And I'm all out of bubblegum.
Pleased to meet you. I am an anteater.
The rent is too damn high.
Let's act like we're foreigners.
The tie doesn't fit with my suit.
The artist drew with Chinese ink.
Above all I want to write hundreds of sentences in Tatoeba, but I have to work.
Which do you like better: music class or English class?
I heard a really beautiful song yesterday.
A bargain! For the true connoisseur!
What are your plans for tonight?
It's better not to say anything about her to him.
All you have to do to pass the entrance examination is to read this book.
He gets on well with Mr. Brown.
I have a shower every night.
Some English speakers think that omission of the subject does not occur in their language, however, the subject of phrases like "thank you" or "bless you" is omitted.
Not all red apples taste the same.
He is a daydreamer.
I've seen a one-legged man.
Bono and Sinatra toast their new friendship.
This is a simple declarative sentence.
He's gone to the stadium.
We were too late. When we got there, Jack had already left.
He's been to the stadium.
I've been writing letters.
I've written three letters.
I've been running.
I've shopped here for ages.
I've been shopping here for ages.
I've painted the ceiling.
I've been painting the ceiling.
I've cut my finger.
I've run this morning.
I've run three miles.
I've run for three hours.
We have been waiting here for hours.
I have been studying German since I met that girl in Darmstadt.
He has not spoken for an hour.
He has been speaking for an hour.
All in.
Don't even bother, he'll win anyway.
I live in the city.
How long did it take us to translate this book?
He criticized me for neglecting my duty.
I say we get a smoothie.
He's very kind to me.
He has got two cats, one is white, one is black.
All I want is to get rid of you.
I want to be able to speak English fluently.
Why is it every goddamn Smashing Pumpkins video I go to, some idiot compares them to Nirvana? What the fuck?
Gold is the most precious of all metals.
That didn't happen when I was learning Esperanto.
I'm going to watch a scary movie.
There's always a next time.
I never want to see him again.
I love you more than him.
This could become a big problem.
In the end she chose another kitten.
That's the crux of the matter.
Will you come to our usual game of poker next Friday?
Certainly, I like playing cards.
Will you come to the party tomorrow?
Susan likes cats.
Is that your book?
That must be the Mackintosh boy.
I have seen wolves in the Appennines.
I saw wolves in the Appennines.
She helps the Mackintosh boy.
Women really are quite dangerous. The more I think about this, the more I'm able to understand the reasoning behind face covering.
He hopes to entice her into doing what he wants.
He is hoping to entice her into doing what he wants.
By that time I'll have already left.
Idiot! She's not being honest when she says she loves you. Haven't you figured it out yet? She's just a gold digger.
All of them are just here to pick up girls.
Does it not happen to any teachers?
It is rather ridiculous that, in some countries, a person cannot even release their own work into the public domain.
If only I had studied harder for the exam.
Please pass it to the other kids.
Do you watch "Tom and Jerry"?
That small star is the brightest.
Will you help me translate?
I'm ashamed of you.
I hold the same opinion.
The hill used to be covered in snow.
He was able to solve the problem with ease.
Give me two pieces of chalk.
Please wait half an hour.
He's on a bad path.
The boy, upon seeing a butterfly, proceeded to run after it, provoking the anger of his mother, who had ordered him to stay quiet while she gossiped with the lady next door.
They say there are bright-colored frogs, but I've never seen them.
When he openly declared he would marry Pablo, he almost gave his grandmother a heart attack and made his aunt's eyes burst out of their sockets; however, his little sister beamed with pride.
My cat purrs when I scratch behind his ears.
The lioness finally gave chase to the gazelle.
The crocodile trapped the gnu as it tried to cross the river.
This ant is the queen; don't you see she has wings?
You're a beast! You haven't even missed one question!
If you cut the tail off of a lizard, it will grow back.
When I was little, I wanted to have a pet brown bear to scare my neighbors.
The cranes tend to make their nests in the bell towers of churches.
Call me this afternoon.
Did you write this book?
The kangaroo jumps very high.
The labor unions had been threatening the government with a general strike.
Classes have been suspended due to floods.
Does your brother know how to drive?
You should recover from your cold.
He is allergic to the truth.
This part of the tune needs some real skill. It took me ages to learn how to play it on the piano.
Why are people always called Tom in random sentences?
Did you know that, in French, one doesn't hear the difference between "the symmetry" and "the asymmetry"?
Courgettes are green.
Arent they going to the ceilidh in the town?
The new house is near the fast burn.
There is green grass on the field.
The floor was wet with water.
A day on the road is good for you.
I was on the road to the town.
Do you think that brown hair is very beautiful?
There is some coal in the stream.
The dog was in the box under the table.
There is a house across the stream.
The person with the dog was so slow on the hill.
Was there fresh bread in the box?
Is the milk from this deer really good?
There was peace all over the world.
Was he quick with the sail?
There is good fire from this coal.
There is no water in the stream.
It was very stormy in the afternoon.
That glen was beautiful on a calm day.
There was a seal on the shore.
The butter on the bread is very good.
Were you in the moor yesterday?
There is a small brown dog under that table.
There is a beautiful girl on the paper.
There is no fish in the burn.
The table in that room is very nice.
I think that there is water under the table.
The boat was under sail.
There was a seal in the water and another on the shore.
This letter is to the old woman.
Arent they on the sea during the night?
The story about the girl was in the news.
There was an interesting story in the letter to the boy.
The black dog on the grass was exposed to the sun.
Werent they a long time in the town?
Theres a new long fishing rod in the shop.
The lass is at the window, because the sun is very hot today.
Scottish Gaelic is very interesting, isnt it?
She was in bed during the morning reading a book.
The sun was warm in the morning, but it's cold at this moment.
Will it be Saturday tomorrow?
It's Monday today and it will be Tuesday tomorrow.
What day is it again?
It's Thursday and the bin lorry will be coming today.
Friday is bin day in England.
The bin lorry will not be coming tomorrow, then.
I hope it'll come, because the trash can is full.
Will you be working at the hotel tomorrow in the morning?
We are working hard on the field today.
The man was working hard on the field yesterday.
They will be working hard on the field tomorrow.
He was working hard on the field last night.
My son is working hard on the field right now.
I am very glad to hear that you speak Scottish Gaelic.
I am really glad to hear that you want to live in Scotland.
I am glad to hear that you know how she is called.
I hope that your family is fine, my friend.
"You have the attention span of a chicken." "Chickens are delicious." "My point exactly."
I am not leaving you.
By plane, please.
She isn't alone anymore.
Goodnight, Timmy.
It doesn't matter what he said.
It doesn't matter what she said.
Never mind what he said.
Never mind what she said.
He isn't alone anymore.
She isn't lonely anymore.
He isn't lonely anymore.
Ewondo is the language spoken by the Ewondo tribe of Cameroon.
I am dating my cram school teacher.
There's a hero, if you look inside your heart.
He acted like a lunatic.
I prefer traditional characters. Due to the abundance of reading materials in simplified characters, I can recognize many of them too.
Who wrote these poems?
Sometimes I see him at the club.
On the one hand I called you to invite you to dinner, on the other to tell you my son is getting married.
I need to shit.
She has two cats. One is white and one is black.
He has two cats, one is white and one is black.
The children love listening to fairy tales.
The children love listening to stories.
I wanted to speak with you about this.
Can foreign students join this club?
The dog looks sick.
If a man says he is not afraid of dying, he is either lying or is a Gurkha.
Try thai style Jerusalem artichokes.
See you tomorrow at the office.
He violated a law.
Let's play football!
It's not necessary to write more than words.
I can't sleep because of the noise.
He'll be late for the meeting.
Wash the eggplants and cut off the ends.
I would like to have some pancakes now.
I play volleyball often.
No love without envy.
I'm sorry, if I hurt you.
I'm worrying about your success.
Almost all dogs are alive.
John is sure that fresh air is a good thing.
Sunrise was incredibly beautiful.
She sat and lit up a cigarette.
Please peel the potatoes.
Would you like a slice of pitaya?
Taro, go brush your teeth.
Everyone knows that he's still alive.
English is hard, isn't it?
I remember what you said.
I remember what she said.
Do you have a child?
I am not good.
I met your dad yesterday.
I became acquainted with your father yesterday.
I became acquainted with your dad yesterday.
I ran into your father yesterday.
I ran into your dad yesterday.
I bumped into your dad yesterday.
I bumped into your father yesterday.
He is not a good person.
She is not a good person.
I forgot to turn off the television before going to bed.
I forgot to turn off the television before going to sleep.
I forgot to turn off the television before bed.
My mother looked at me with tears in her eyes.
The weather is cold all year round here.
It is cold all year round here.
It is cold all year here.
The weather is cold all year here.
Can you speak more slowly?
I bought lots of books.
We don't have tea.
Many people in the world are hungry.
I was born on October 10th, 1972.
Susan shined your father's shoes.
We are expecting a baby.
She is beautiful like her mother.
Is it that you can't or that you don't want to?
Small secrets make big lies.
If you could think positively every day, it would help you to live a lot better.
They went to Edinburgh to escape from the summer heat.
He's later than you think.
My cat died yesterday.
The Tigers lost the match, to our great surprise.
How is it that you're always so full of energy?
How come you're always so energetic?
The train went through a tunnel.
He was easily able to solve the problem.
The hill was covered in snow.
I bought two tickets for the concert.
There are days in December.
There isn't a cat.
Last year, there was a bad harvest.
Last year, there was frequent snowfall.
Can I sit beside you?
Cows are, for Hindus, sacred animals.
She wanted my permission to use the phone.
He wanted my permission to use the phone.
Cows give us milk and chickens, eggs.
She asked my for my permission to use the phone.
He asked for my permission to use the phone.
She wanted my permission to use the telephone.
He wanted my permission to use the telephone.
She asked for my permission to use the telephone.
He asked for my permission to use the telephone.
He saw a lot of animals on the road.
She saw a lot of animals on the road.
There is no life without water.
How much is one beer?
I prefer spring to summer.
The world's happiest man is me.
Hey. How's it going?
The weather was hot. And pretty humid.
I think it's going to rain today.
Today is very cold.
Yesterday was hot.
It snowed all last night.
Who told the story to you?
She does not smoke.
What does TATOEBA mean?
She terrified her.
She terrified him.
He terrified her.
He terrified him.
I caught a cab from the station to the hotel.
If only she would marry me.
If only he would marry me.
There is a library in every city in America.
Come here Emilia! Your father is waiting for you!
Close the gate.
She is her friend.
She is his friend.
He is his friend.
I will always love you.
She works at a bank.
She came.
He came.
Without you, life is awful.
The man has two feet.
That is her car.
"Michael" is a man's name but "Michelle" is a lady's name.
I came for you.
But coffee is not good.
Are you lonely?
I forgot her name.
I forgot its name.
I answered the question.
Two years ago I went to China.
I didn't understand.
Lucy is American.
She is a selfish woman.
I can not.
I am afraid that you will get lost.
I became acquainted with beautiful Polish women at the university in Brazil, and I also met there some very friendly people who could speak Polish.
Will Quebec succeed in seceding?
They're having a going-out-of-business sale.
Biceps are man boobs.
He fell into a deep depression and decided to off himself.
Don't worry. My lips are sealed.
He was arrested for fencing stolen goods.
I have a little money. With you and this, I am happy.
He stiffed me for fifty bucks.
You should really lay off that. It'll ruin your health.
The contestant blurted out the right answer just before the time ran out.
I didn't know you were seeing someone.
No admittance beyond this point.
He needs a more productive outlet for his anger.
He OD'd on cocaine.
There must be a logical explanation for this.
We lived there for ten years when the war began.
The man is eating bread.
The lady is now drinking water.
Tom is bigger than me.
The phone doesn't work, Mr. Tamori.
The paper is white.
It is a photograph that I really like.
She said "NO" to herself. She said "YES" aloud.
He said "NO" to himself. He said "YES" aloud.
What a pleasant surprise to see you here!
Why is my father in the kitchen?
Why is my dad in the kitchen?
The law is the same for everyone.
Her father will not come, he is very busy.
His father won't come, he is very busy.
Her dad will not come, he is very busy.
Her dad won't come, he is very busy.
Her father won't come, he is very busy.
His father will not come, he is very busy.
His dad will not come, he is very busy.
His dad won't come, he is very busy.
Her dad won't be coming, he is very busy.
I am looking for a shop.
Finding her office was easy.
Finding his office was easy.
I am learning a little English.
He and I are in the same class.
We do not know her.
We do not know him.
How have you come?
They accepted her as the city's best doctor.
They accepted him as the city's best doctor.
What time will the train to Kyoto arrive?
I am very pleased.
I am not working.
I am not studying.
We love eating apples.
I am silent.
Can you see anything at all there?
We walked as far as kilometers.
I am pretty pleased with you.
Hello everyone!
The sick, tired men finally reached the mountain town where he was waiting.
Before going to work in Paris, I have to brush up on my French.
Before going to study in Paris, I have to brush up on my French.
Before going to work in Paris I have to freshen up on my French.
Before going to work in Paris, I must brush up on my French.
Before going to study in Paris, I must brush up on my French.
Before going to work in Paris I must freshen up on my French.
Looking at your Facebook friends' photos is a waste of time.
I like coffee much more than tea.
She is terrified of the dark.
He is terrified of the dark.
Smoking is not good for one's health.
Walking from the station to the house takes only five minutes.
Someone told me that.
You say something and then you do another.
Which language is spoken in the U.S.A.?
Which language is spoken in the United States of America?
I know it by heart.
She is coming from England.
She will be in New York for two weeks.
I found this book very interesting.
Without water, you could not live.
Sometimes she drives to work.
Sometimes he drives to work.
I want coffee.
I will learn.
I do not like the rain.
The weather is bad today.
It isn't a surprise that English is the world's most spoken language.
Every word spoken excites its contradiction.
Show me your driving license, please.
Lastly, she went to America.
I am teaching.
Are you a teacher or a student here?
I will be here tomorrow.
I am very tired.
That is very expensive!
I never read that book.
Must I go with you?
I am an honest person.
Mount Everest is the world's highest peak.
Get lost.
My name is Ludwig.
I think it would have been a better shoot with a 10mm lens.
I know Spanish, Basque and some English.
Where does this flag come from?
Can you pronounce these words?
Brush your teeth after every meal.
Liars must have a good memory.
Good day!
My brother gave me a charming baby doll.
My brother gave me a cute baby doll.
English is also studied in China.
This is different from what I thought.
He went to Paris for the first time.
Tom watched television yesterday.
I like chocolate ice cream!
She traveled around the world.
We thank you very much!
Her book is famous not only in England but also in Japan.
From tomorrow on we can go to work together.
Sam was able to enter the school's basketball team.
Do you like golf?
It's strange that you ask me for a motorcycle when you are afraid of going by bike.
I'm not in a mood to eat right now.
I'm not in a mood to go out.
The plane will take off at five.
She was raised in the United States of America but her mother tongue is Japanese.
He promised to meet her at the coffee shop.
She promised to meet her at the coffee shop.
He promised to meet him at the coffee shop.
I was caught in the rain on my way home.
I'm not in the mood to help you.
I don't feel like helping you.
He showed us a beautiful hat.
She did not walk to the gym.
Who will come with me?
She doesn't know who built those houses.
I wasn't really in the mood to go out.
He began to cry loudly.
He actioned for an injunction.
Exercise every day.
Wish you were here.
Sam managed to get on the school basketball team.
It's so fucking cold!
That place is in the middle of nowhere.
Oh dear. What a shame.
Three beers and a tequila please.
On a scale of to 10, please rate your proficiency in the following languages.
I would read this book, but I don't have the time.
I'm a forty-year-old student at Hyogo University.
She helped her younger brother with his homework.
When I was young I used to pray for a bike. Then I realized that God doesn't work that way. So I stole a bike and prayed for forgiveness.
I bought the novel on which the film is based.
I refuse to be called anything besides "Your Highness".
Luke, I am your father.
She speaks Russian.
How many men are there that wear a coat that cost a hundred francs, and carry a diamond in the head of their cane, and dine for twenty-five SOUS for all that! It seems as though we could never pay enough for the pleasures of vanity.
Only a poor man knows what such a passion costs in cab-hire, gloves, linen, tailor's bills, and the like. If the Platonic stage lasts a little too long, the affair grows ruinous.
Love is like some fresh spring, that leaves its cresses, its gravel bed and flowers to become first a stream and then a river, changing its aspect and its nature as it flows to plunge itself in some boundless ocean, where restricted natures only find monotony, but where great souls are engulfed in endless contemplation.
I like Japanese very much.
The Japanese people appreciate very much the prompt assistance of many foreign countries.
I saw my grandfather last week.
He killed himself.
This door can't be opened in any way.
I am very interested in those stories.
Please show me how I have to do it.
The child doesn't cry anymore.
When we came home last night, the others were already in bed and fast asleep.
The truth is at the centre of a universe of which no one knows the borders.
I like football.
Alas.
This is my answer to your question.
The murderer confessed his crime.
Whoever telephones, tell them I'm out.
When writing for a German newspaper, every few sentences you should replace some grammatical case with a dative, or a noun with its English translation, to make your article linguistically more interesting.
I saw you in the strip club the day before yesterday.
My boss is not satisfied with my TPS reports.
Please say it in English.
There is no answer to your question.
You must quit smoking cigarettes.
You must quit smoking.
He decided to be operated on.
Turn on the radio, please.
She is only a child.
He is only a child.
She is just a child.
He is just a child.
I wish you luck.
He has a dog and six cats.
She has a dog and six cats.
If he studied hard, he could pass the exam.
"h" is a dummy variable.
They awarded her a gold metal for her achievement.
His father left him the house in his will.
I try all things, I achieve what I can.
Who in the rainbow can draw the line where the violet tint ends and the orange tint begins?
Lifes a voyage thats homeward bound.
Truth is in things, and not in words.
Truth uncompromisingly told will always have its jagged edges.
I love to sail forbidden seas, and land on barbarous coasts.
Of all the preposterous assumptions of humanity over humanity, nothing exceeds most of the criticisms made on the habits of the poor by the well-housed, well- warmed, and well-fed.
He decided to have the operation.
She decided to have the operation.
She decided to be operated on.
She decided to have surgery.
He decided to have surgery.
He chose to be operated on.
She chose to be operated on.
Your question has no answer.
There is not an answer to your question.
Your question does not have an answer.
There is not an answer for your question.
This is hard for me to believe.
He works in a bank.
If she studied hard, she could pass the exam.
If he studied hard, he could pass the test.
If she studied hard, she could pass the test.
I've been studying in China for ten months.
We talked about many things.
What I have learnt is not just the Chinese language, but something about the country itself as well.
She is older and wiser now.
That's to say, I have a better understanding of the Chinese nation.
She was painfully thin.
Of course, I learnt about China from textbooks when I was in Japan, but what I see for myself in China is completely different from what is described in those textbooks.
He was painfully skinny.
She was painfully skinny.
Today's Beijing has given me a very deep impression and aroused my curiosity.
Could I use your phone?
I can describe China, especially in relation to big cities like Beijing, in one sentence - China is a country whose pace of life is both fast and leisurely.
When I first came to Beijing, I loved to stroll everywhere, but Beijing was not like what I had imagined.
Its modernization was far beyond my expectations.
New buildings are being built here, there and everywhere.
The small restaurant of today may be a big hotel tomorrow.
Beijing is changing so rapidly.
On seeing this, I can't help thinking: Can the residents of Beijing keep up with such a pace?
Do they all enjoy such high speed development?
Is there any leisure in China?
It has: it is in the heart of the Chinese people.
While walking, I used to feel somewhat in a hurry.
At first, I had no idea why.
I later realized that Beijing people walk slowly.
What's more, Chinese people like taking naps.
This isn't my opinion, it's just what I've translated.
Now, I also enjoy it.
Now, I like it too.
I have come to realize that China is developing quickly but the Chinese people live a relatively leisurely life.
He is always cheerful and smiling.
There were too many people at the concert.
Are you insane?
I've just eaten some sushi and drunk a beer.
This isn't my point of view, it's only my translation!
If there were no air, people could not live for even ten minutes.
Her story turned out to be true.
If there was no air, people could not live for even ten minutes.
If there was no air, man could not live for even ten minutes.
"Mename" turns out to mean "wiggle me."
God wants it.
His remark was not intended to be a factual statement.
My father will prepare a tasty meal for me tomorrow.
She had an accident while working.
John has a natural talent for tennis.
He had an accident while working.
While working, she had an accident.
While working, he had an accident.
Washington is the capital of the United States.
I am using Twitter.
Have you ever thought about what you want to do with your life?
I'm up to my neck in it.
My father is a master builder.
Your hypothesis is correct.
She is opening the window.
He is opening the window.
She likes walking alone.
Does she speak English, French or German?
Does he speak English, French or German?
The bank loaned her dollars.
She likes taking pictures.
He likes taking pictures.
The bank lent him dollars.
The bank lent her dollars.
I don't eat meat, shellfish, poultry or gravy.
My daughter is buying milk from the store.
What will we do if it rains?
Five patients were in the waiting room.
Is there anyone else wanting to eat?
We stayed home because it was raining.
She lives alone.
I find this hard to believe.
He won't come to class tomorrow.
She won't come to class tomorrow.
I am leaving the books here.
I am not coming today.
I am coming today.
I am really worried about a friend.
Most of the time I dream in text.
It's super easy!
He was deathly afraid of Barbies.
I am learning Turkish.
Her boyfriend is an idiot.
His boyfriend is an idiot.
I love the Fatherland.
People don't buy milk from this store.
I have an important part.
I have an important role.
After a long absence, he returned home.
After a long absence, she returned home.
Death is everyone's fate.
Can you lend me a stapler?
This is the city I told you about.
People should be honest with one another.
My aunt made a new skirt for me.
Tom's explanation is very elaborate.
I got a good idea.
My name is Jisung.
She is five years younger than me.
He is five years younger than me.
Always have your dictionary close at hand.
I would like to bring you to a good place for our honeymoon.
When you are on the battlefield, who you are fighting for is the man next to you.
Shit!
In the 22nd century, many technological innovations will be introduced.
The news covers celebrity rehab stories extensively enough to avoid talking about war or corruption.
She was burned so extensively that her children no longer recognized her.
Dr. Svensen researched the issue so extensively that his bibliography makes up half the weight of his book.
Don't make factual statements without a source.
As a consequence of its fun factor, Tatoeba contains random bits of factual information.
America once favored a policy of isolationism.
Her daughter has been favoring her husband over her, so Leila has taken the opportunity to spend time with her other babies, gin and vermouth.
Favoring one gender over another won't win you any friends here.
The whole county is favoring critical budget revisions which promise to protect education.
The Internet is bringing a swift death to the Spanish inverted exclamation mark.
He is as good as gold.
She is as good as gold.
They are as good as gold.
Who finds a friend, finds a treasure.
How is this teacher?
The Viking expansion from the 9th century onwards reached areas such as Normandy, Galicia, Andalusia, Sicily and Crimea.
The Vikings sailed most of the North Atlantic before entering the Mediterranean sea.
How to split two varibles using delimiter?
He was defeated by the fly swatter.
His grand-mother knocked him down.
Does a dog have a Buddha-nature or not ?
He studies English, but he also studies German.
The translation is impossible.
See it's simple, either I am right or you are wrong.
Where were we?
Helen is playing in the garden.
I often watch TV before dinner.
They are the boys of the parish.
I love the fatherland.
And what do I have to do now?
He won't be pleased.
She won't be pleased.
He won't call this evening.
She won't call this evening.
They wouldn't understand.
Where do you see the books?
How could we handle this problem?
Yes, I did this intentionally.
Potatoes are very cheap.
What exactly are you doing?
Thankfully she did not die.
"It must bother you to have taken a bad master." "I'm stupid too. So, it's all right."
It's a very clever piece of kit.
I see the dog.
I like the sound of the harpsichord very much.
It is enough for one day.
It is enough for today.
My father named me after his aunt.
Shishir has been correcting a lot of sentences lately.
Are you aware of the time, Love?
That doesn't even make sense.
Either he doesn't know how to wash the dishes or he is just lazy.
There is no excuse for his delay.
The 80's called and they want their big hair and over the top eye make-up back.
I was so messed up last night.
I was so drunk last night.
How old am I?
A very brief warning or explanation is enough for an intelligent person.
Poppy seed muffins are her favorites, but there are days when she must settle for blueberry.
The floor was strewn with party favors: torn noisemakers, crumpled party hats, and dirty Power Ranger plates.
If I were invisible I wouldn't have to dress myself.
The boy has a huge bump on his head. No wonder he cried so much!
She always smiles.
We associate Darwin's name with the theory of evolution.
Our world is only a tiny part of the universe.
He likes all that is sweet.
Esperanto is the language of the twenty-first century.
Will you come tomorrow?
Tango is the vertical expression of horizontal desire.
After the rain, many mushrooms grow in the forest.
I inscribed 2,English words into my memory.
Better to be a happy fool than an unhappy sage.
I'm almost another person.
He was shy at the beginning.
Generally, men are taller than women.
I've fixed the radio for him.
The world belongs to the courageous.
The world belongs to the violent.
He has helped the poor throughout his life.
What can I do to make you pay attention to me?
"Ostrich!"and everyone stuck their heads under the table.
What time does she get up?
You can watch television after dinner.
I am the law!
They implemented a communication policy so as to promote their new concept.
The penalty was missed.
Eat fresh, eat French.
A maid is made to clean your house.
"If my kid couldn't speak Shanghainese, Id slap him silly." the man said.
Without you I am nothing.
I'm sorry that I hurt you; forgive me.
Banned books are books to which free access is not permitted.
Iran is the eighteenth largest country in the world.
Historically, the Persian Gulf belongs to Iran.
You're very pretty.
You're beautiful.
It is already nine o'clock.
You're just an underling. Know your place!
I get bored.
I hate these words.
Where do you think all the money goes?
What percentage of the people speak three languages?
For God's sake!
Time has come to get serious.
For one reason or another, their holiday in France wasn't as good as they expected it would be.
It's your choice.
Spend money and enjoy life!
There are two zombies inside my house.
Resident Evil is one of the best games I have ever played.
Don't call me an idiot!
When I was a kid, I used to think that fairy floss and clouds were alike.
Why doesn't anybody translate my sentences?
We spoke yesterday.
We have spoken lately.
Horses and donkeys are different.
There exist several stars which are larger than our Sun.
There are a lot of stars which are larger than our sun.
A book has pages.
Let's go this way.
I'm a radio ham.
I have the house all to myself.
Werner Herzog makes outstanding documentaries and feature films.
There are many stars larger than our sun.
Today was very tiring.
Nothing much.
I think that you should break up with your boyfriend.
She is a whore.
Shucks! It was too good to be true.
You must swear with your hand on the Bible.
Supposedly, his father once betrayed China.
You should stay in bed with your husband.
The lack of money is the root of all evil.
Always be smarter than people who hire you.
Belief is the death of intelligence.
Language is one of the most important inventions of mankind.
There will be no holiday for this summer.
This task requires dexterity.
Her right eye is blind.
No additives have been added to this jam.
I need to find a way out of this problem.
Do not throw anything out of the window.
I move better.
Love is a feeling that you feel when you feel that you feel a feeling that you have never felt.
Love is a quarrel which begins between a woman and a man and never finishes.
Money is a big bother: you can live neither with it nor without it.
Tell me who your friends are, and I'll tell you who you are.
All I know is that I do not know everything.
You can't buy everything you want with money.
Tell me who your friends are, and I will tell you who you are.
I took the opportunity to visit the museum.
I think that the Quechua flag is beautiful.
It's a good idea, to be sure, but it's hard to put it into practice.
Do you believe our destinies are controlled by the stars?
Kate Middleton is now Her Royal Highness Princess William Arthur Philip Louis, Duchess of Cambridge, Countess of Strathearn, Baroness Carrickfergus, Master of Arts.
Why is it that the greatest crime and the greatest glory are to shed a man's blood?
If you wish to take, you must first learn to give.
He has left his mother and girlfriend in France.
The ship was at the mercy of the sea.
"Is she young?" "Yes."
Which fruit is green?
I drink water because I am thirsty.
I want to change that.
What the mayor is claiming is spurious and inflammatory.
Iberism is a movement that supports the unification of the Iberian peoples and its nations such as Catalonia, Castile, Portugal, Galicia, Basque Country, Andalusia...
We are having trouble with our new neighbor.
The new government has financial troubles.
I have trouble with German grammar.
My only trouble is I don't have a close friend.
There is always trouble after midnight in big cities.
We went to a lot of trouble to clean our new house.
I took the trouble to write the answers to the comments.
Thank you for taking the trouble to prepare your delicious meals.
My old house giving me trouble. I have to mend a part of it every day.
I play piano.
The trouble with "trouble" is that it's sometimes a verb, sometimes a noun, sometimes countable, sometimes not. Oh, well. Trouble troubles me little, and little troubles trouble me not at all.
I didn't mean to trouble you, I wanted to help you.
Sorry to trouble you, but my car is broken, can you help me?
As close friends, we must share our troubles.
Troubles are everywhere; in front of you, on your left, on your right. You can't escape.
I hope I can drive your car without any troubles.
Be careful, I don't want any troubles.
Do my words trouble you? If so, that is enough for today.
You cannot be a blood donor.
This club is fearfully dull. The dance floor is empty and the smoking patio is packed.
It was her fearfully pale complexion that caught his eye.
We came fearfully close to the Sun's orbit because we launched from the wrong side of Mercury.
The dog is close to death.
Music that doesn't transmit feelings, images, thoughts, or memories is just background noise.
Cabbage, cauliflower, broccoli, and Brussels sprouts are all cultivars of the same species.
Cut the bell peppers into two-inch strips.
I can't stand arugula or any bitter greens.
That rabbit's getting away with my radishes!
Most carrots were once purple until the Dutch created an orange cultivar to honor the Prince of Orange.
I found some interesting heirloom tomatoes at the farmer's market.
For the love of Christ, son, for the glory of Spain, eat your goddamned peas!
Where's Daddy?
The cow goes "moo," the rooster goes "cock-a-doodle-doo," the pig goes "oink, oink," the duck goes "quack, quack" and the cat goes "meow."
I can do it without her help.
I can do it without your help.
Sing something, please.
She asked how to cook fish.
There once was a bridge here a long time ago.
Do you feel better today?
Maybe it's true.
Have you seen such a wonderful movie before?
Who is Alvar Aalto?
Greifswald is in Western Pomerania.
Her name in religion is Sister Theresa.
He knows none of us.
She entered religion at the age of nineteen.
Rather than live a hundred years as a rabbit, live one day as a tiger.
Muammar Gaddafi is a megalomaniac.
Mr. Bean is so funny!
Where are they from?
Translate a sentence several times from one language to another and you'll find yourself with something totally different from the original.
This apple is rotten.
I'm sorry, but I am opposed to this project.
I'm satisfied with my salary.
He does nothing but read manga.
That belongs to my brother.
Some people gain weight when they quit smoking.
You'll all get used to the cold climate in no time.
I can read English.
I stayed at home because I have got flu.
I cannot be understood in German.
Don't come to work too late!
The campers made their own bird feeders with pinecones, peanut butter, and seeds. They hung them from trees with fishing line.
What's taller than a horse but shorter than a dog?
Whereas Spain has the Royal Spanish Academy, the United States has Urban Dictionary.
You'll see the difference.
Jed works as a cattle feeder, but he has designs on the whole ranch.
Svetlana was a little too merciful with the feeder mice down at the pet store. The snakes nearly starved!
Scottish Gaelic will be the 89 language on Tatoeba.
I am standing here, face to face with nothing.
Every mistake made me stronger.
If you are here, it means you care.
Go, do not wait, the night is coming.
The wind is blowing and the fruit knows: It's time to fall down.
Sorry, I missed the train.
Five plus three is eight.
He's a posh toff.
What does he buy at the supermarket?
I broke the marriage vows that I had sworn to Don Jose, my husband.
I broke the wedding vows that I had sworn to Don Jose, my husband.
Ask me anything you like.
She came hoping to see you.
Never praise a ford till you get over.
They hope to be able to find a well-paid job.
Kate Middleton is now the duchess of Cambridge.
He killed him to avenge his dead father.
I bit the bullet and actually told her.
Take it! It's a magic bullet.
What a happy-go-lucky guy.
Catch it, this dude's girl-happy.
He was not a happy camper.
He's such a happy camper. Look at his girlfriend!
I felt tired after having worked for hours.
During the game, it suddenly began to rain and it thundered, too.
It's been raining heavily since this morning, so I don't want to go anywhere.
I thoroughly regretted staying up so late, come morning.
I am not very musically inclined.
The wronged parties couldn't help but feel bitter.
It is not socially acceptable to point at people.
Sisterly love is among the strongest of all.
The separatist movement is creating conflict within the country.
The road began branching off in many directions.
If a man had sheep and all but died, how many sheep would he have left?
It wasn't I, commissioner!
I bought an anti-theft system for my bike.
I don't want this secret to be exposed.
Her eyes were full of sadness.
I'm trying to understand why you didn't do it.
I want to learn how to say this word in Arabic.
It is not in my backyard.
His daughter is able to recite a lot of poems.
I can't find the waistcoat of my three piece suit.
She led me on.
This is a cyclic topic.
I deduced a new theory.
I want to sleep! Rather than live I want to sleep!
Quick, turn off the lamp, I want to hide in the darkness.
He who looks from outside through an open window doesn't see anywhere as much as he who looks through a closed window.
The girls shed tears after reading the novel.
Obey thyself.
Nothing can be preserved that is not good.
Never read any book that is not a year old.
What is a weed? A plant whose virtues have not yet been discovered.
You shall have joy, or you shall have power, said God; you shall not have both.
Poetry must be new as foam, and as old as the rock.
Children are all foreigners.
A man is made by the books he reads.
Truth is beautiful, without doubt; but so are lies.
When it is darkest, men see the stars.
He's a very important person.
O Romeo Romeo, wherefore art thou Romeo?
O Romeo Romeo, why are you Romeo?
My friends are my estate. Forgive me then the avarice to hoard them.
I never drink tea with lemon.
Take away love, and our earth is a tomb!
Better to reign in Hell, than serve in Heaven.
Give me the liberty to know, to utter, and to argue freely according to conscience, above all liberties.
Millions of spiritual creatures walk the earth unseen, both when we wake, and when we sleep.
Let Nature be your teacher.
Habit rules the unreflecting herd.
Man is distinguished from all other creatures by the faculty of laughter.
A person usually has two reasons for doing something: a good reason and the real reason.
Experience is the best of schoolmasters, only the school-fees are heavy.
My grandfather raises ducks.
The adaptability of humans in difficult circumstances is nothing short of amazing.
This student claimed authorship of an essay she clearly did not write.
Look at those conformists, they're always sucking up to the man.
Time is a certain fraction of eternity.
The results were not definitive, but I'm sure the DNA's a match.
The new bill favoured the rich disproportionately to the number of lower class.
There is much documented evidence to prove evolution.
This political party is very environmentally conscious.
You weren't particularly discreet, so it's no wonder you got caught.
We're about to explore some uncharted territory.
The narrative provided some eye-opening social commentary on the state of the country.
The meeting will reconvene in two hours after a brief recess.
The coordinators of this charity run have hearts of gold.
Many minority groups have been discriminated against in the past.
Edit your work better before you submit it, it's sloppy.
That person's accent is incoherent to me.
The budget is bound to fluctuate due to the economy.
We have to formulate a plan if we are to save her!
Social hierarchies serve to constrict freedom of choice.
The rock star's induction into the Hall of Fame was predicted by all.
Get off my back.
Do you travel much?
As a kid I usually played baseball after school.
I want to sleep! Sleep rather than live!
He who looks from outside through an open window never sees as much as he who looks at a closed window.
I shall endeavor to enliven morality with wit, and to temper wit with morality.
When I came back, my car had vanished.
This shop is just in front of the theatre.
You must repay your debts.
You must pay off your debts.
English is taught in a lot of countries.
Science without conscience is only the ruin of the soul.
Time is the father of truth.
Tell me your friends, and I will tell you who you are.
Lucy is an American.
He is addicted to Starbucks coffee.
My girlfriend is tall and beautiful.
Spain is a tourist country.
No one can know everything.
I'm going to the country with my friends.
I became a Catholic because I'm extremely pessimistic.
I lost myself in your universe.
Mark has my book.
The soldiers guarded the bridge.
I like to eat hot soup.
He's of the type "do as I say, not as I do".
Our country wants nothing but peace.
Your plan seems excellent.
It's a bit strange as far as I'm concerned.
Not only did he give me advice, but also money.
German spelling was standardised for the first time in nineteen hundred and one.
He came, despite the heavy snowfall.
There's a bus stop close to our school.
There's a bus stop neighbouring our school.
This year, my Grade-Point Average is better than yours!
I'm very well, thank you.
It's a very decorative plant.
He is not a bad person.
He's not a bad person.
How many people does this ship's crew consist of?
Many people have gathered.
I'm going to Japan by myself next month.
Your singing would put a professional singer to shame.
When will you return home?
Can you add a full stop at the end of your sentence, please?
Why did you fail on the entrance examination?
I was the only child to enroll in college.
Jos showed himself to be a person of bad character.
The city was founded in 573.
The president announced that the United States would put a satellite into orbit.
Blood is the fluid responsible for the circulation of nutrients.
The heart is a muscle.
Afterwards, we went to Bethlehem to see the statues.
We stop loving ourselves when no one loves us.
In love, there are only beginnings.
Do not do that.
He ate bread with butter.
His program had enormous success.
We have ways of making women speak; we have none for shutting them up.
Despite the government's protection, he was the victim of an assassination attempt which killed him.
His face was pale and his clothing humble.
Mom, do you still remember how to do it?
Today I am very happy with my pregnancy.
He needed more time to complete the task.
These birds dont fly well but they are excellent runners.
The Allies made a very unconvincing attempt to help the Russians.
Lunar eclipses can be total or partial.
I like that dress a lot. Can I try it on?
This is the driest June since the Thirties.
He who laughs last, laughs best.
I don't have money.
The bull escaped from the ring.
His house is far from the station.
The boy is jumping.
There are no devils in this world.
I don't have a conscience, I only have a sensitivity.
Let's go to the beach; it's a great day out.
The rain in Sevilla is a marvel.
Philosophy is learning how to die.
I have a dentist appointment on Monday.
The horse is jumping.
That's a mere mistake.
The girl is jumping.
The dog is jumping.
Who is reading?
Two children are sitting on the fence.
This is easy.
This is difficult.
He took off the wife-beater.
Goodnight, Mother.
Have you stopped beating your wife?
Augusto is my most beloved son.
Being sick is very boring.
All Gaul is divided into three parts.
So do you also speak English?
I'm a doctor. How about you?
Don't you love cats?
Don't you hate dogs?
Am I right in saying that, like me, you study Spanish?
It's interesting that you speak French. I also speak it.
I'm sorry, I don't follow.
I'm afraid I don't know what you mean.
I'm not very good at speaking Arabic.
I've never been very good at playing the piano.
I'm not very up on the latest computer trends.
I really don't know much about that.
Maybe you could enlighten me.
Maybe you could fill me in.
But I'd like to learn more.
You're asking the wrong person.
That's outside my area of expertise.
I mean it when I say that I love you.
I say in all sincerity.
I'm being sincere when I say that I love you.
I feel a little uncomfortable bringing this up, but I love you.
I hope you don't mind my mentioning this, but you know that I love you.
If you don't mind my asking, why did you go out yesterday?
We don't have to talk about this now.
I could be wrong.
I'm no expert.
That's what people say.
Don't quote me on this.
I don't know for sure.
It's hard to say for sure.
Of course, that's just me.
I'll get to it right away.
I'll have it ready for you by tomorrow.
It'll just take a second.
It should be no problem.
OK, and what are you going to do for me?
And what do I get?
I'll see what I can do.
I'm afraid I can't right now.
I'm kind of busy right now.
Do you mind of I do it later?
When do you need it by?
My schedule's really full right now.
I was wondering if there is any way you could deliver that today.
I need to ask you for a little favor.
Don't worry if you can't.
My dog barks all the time.
I don't want you to go out of your way or anything.
Are you sure it's no trouble?
Oh, sure.
I'd be glad to.
What are friends for?
No, it's the least I can do.
No, don't worry about it.
It's no trouble. Really.
It would be a pleasure.
Oh, you know what?
I'm sorry, I can't.
I really wish I could help.
Sorry about that.
Maybe we could get together sometime and have lunch.
Do you like fishing? Maybe we could get together sometime.
I'll have to see how my schedule looks.
I'll need to check my schedule.
We'll play it by ear.
That sounds like a good idea.
Why don't I call you?
Give me a call later, OK?
Let me think about it.
Let me check my schedule.
It was the only way to go.
It seemed the best way forward.
What's your take on this?
I'd like to hear what you have to say on this.
I don't know. What do you think?
Do cats see in the dark?
Would you like a little more salad?
Her father always comes home late.
Do you understand what he's told you?
I could run quite a bit faster when I was young.
It's not the fidelity that bothers him.
What bothers him is not the fidelity.
This dog is staring at me as if it wanted to eat me.
I don't know what kind of person he is.
Love moves the world.
I went to Ecuador when I was eight years old.
I have no hair on my head.
The beaches of Huelva are very pretty.
I've played the piano ever since I was a boy.
Guess who's coming tonight.
I have a huge amount of clothes in my closet.
I sleep standing up.
Polyphemus, son of Neptune, had only one eye in the front.
Football players make a lot of money.
Soccer players make a lot of money.
I'd like to go around the world on a boat.
She's not a good cook.
What club would you like to join?
When I boarded the train this morning, I ran into an old friend.
I don't want to hurt your feelings.
Her explanation is a little convincing.
He's daft about cats.
I told him about my ideas but he dismissed them out of hand.
My father was a musician and I'm going to follow in his footsteps.
I like him but he cries into his beer way too often.
They're fighting fiercely now but I assure you they'll bury the hatchet before long.
I can't believe how hard it is to find decent grub around here.
He's inclined to violence.
I'm still very tired.
He interrupted our conversation.
I am eating a cucumber.
Things that are human, too human, are generally certainly animal.
It is more difficult to defend oneself than to defend someone else. Those who doubt it may look at lawyers.
Pagans have deified life and Christians have deified death.
Old people don't like new ideas; they like to think that the world has lost something, rather than improved, since they were young.
Of all the men that I dislike, my husband is certainly the one that I prefer.
We must not get angry at things: they don't care at all.
In France, we study men, in Germany, books.
A misfortune never comes alone.
We sometimes disparagingly call noise, music that's insignificant and devoid of any charm.
The savage life is so simple, and our societies are such complex machinery!
To philosophize is to learn how to die.
Which endings does this verb have in the present tense?
This week, we're in a hurry.
How many of you are there at the base?
Cats hate vacuum cleaners.
The 2nd of May is the date of the Canadian Federal Elections: Don't forget to go vote!
In other words, she's dumb.
Thanks for mentioning that.
You've got a good idea.
Interesting.
I have the impression that happiness is always a little further on.
The theater was too crowded.
You have a sound point.
That's too much information to cover!
You must mend your garment.
I can't tell you how much I love you.
Are you rushing to finish the project?
You know how much I appreciate your expertise.
Glad I am to be working with you.
I don't know what we would do without you.
Your role here is so important.
Why don't we form a study group?
I heard you won. Congratulations!
I'm really happy about your father.
Is the tour going well?
Oh, by the way: Congratulations on your success!
You're so much better than me at playing the guitar.
Maybe one day you could show me how it's done.
I wish I could sing like you do.
How do you draw so well? I've never been able to do that.
You're so good at writing. I'm terrible.
Do you agree that we should leave now?
A transatlantic ship crosses the oceans.
There was a Brazilian girl in my class last year.
Do you have a problem with me staying?
Do you mind if I leave for a few minutes?
I'm Alex. We met last week at the hotel.
I don't know if you remember me.
I really enjoyed the talk we had about politics.
You mentioned something about my mother.
I found it fascinating what you were saying about global warming.
There is no freedom for the ignorant.
We had a brief discussion about human rights.
I must admit, you're right.
My math is a little rusty.
I don't have any information on that subject.
That's a subject I know nothing about.
I plead ignorance.
Sometimes a ladder is a sign of bad luck.
The car is in front of the garage.
I'm not familiar with that.
I don't believe I've ever heard of her.
Sounds vaguely familiar.
I'm a little out of touch with new technology.
I've probably heard of him somewhere.
Have you ever spoken to an English speaking audience?
Haven't you ever heard of Rio de Janeiro?
Anyway, I won't take up any more of your time.
We live, not as we wish to, but as we can.
Anyway, I know you must be busy, so let me go.
She was at the club at o'clock.
Riches cover a multitude of woes.
The children are going to the beach today.
The children are talking to their parents at this moment.
So... you were saying?
I call a fig a fig, a spade a spade.
You were saying...?
Jack's book is interesting.
Marriage, if one will face the truth, is an evil, but a necessary evil.
Sorry for the interruption.
It is not white hair that engenders wisdom.
Please continue.
I waved good bye and then walked away.
Health and intellect are the two blessings of life.
OK, no problem.
OK, no big deal.
The man who runs may fight again.
OK, this is nothing we can't handle.
We can deal with this.
It's only a minor setback.
These things happen.
Our negotiations to lower export taxes suffered a big setback.
This is serious.
We have to do something about this.
Fred is going to Europe on Monday.
Many buildings in New York don't have a thirteenth floor.
There are over 2,types of snakes in the world.
Even poisonous snakes will only attack if they feel threatened.
Which snake has the longest fangs?
Which is the most venomous snake in the world?
The inland taipan, a snake found in Australia, is the most venomous snake in the world.
And lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from evil.
Which snake is the fastest in the world?
The world is divided into people who do things and people who get the credit. Try, if you can, to belong to the first class. Theres far less competition.
Who was Mona Lisa?
The Mona Lisa is probably the most famous painting ever created.
The Mona Lisa was painted by Leonardo da Vinci.
The painting is in the Louvre, Paris.
Power is the great aphrodisiac.
In art, as in love, instinct is good enough.
Knowing is nothing, imagination is everything.
This watch of mine never stops.
We will see whether he will recognize me or not.
There were six people at the concert last week.
That group of people almost disappeared.
You should give this task to some other person.
The German domination didn't last very long.
In each beehive there can only be one queen.
Thousands of people went to the beach to see the dolphin.
That type of temple influenced all of the Middle East, mainly Egypt.
I tell you that I am personally against abortion.
The worst is already over.
Would you like me to tell the truth?
Around the year AD, his people revolted against Rome.
When he returned, he brought a baseball cap and gave it as a present to his friend.
Japanese cars are very popular.
"H" is not pronounced in Spanish unless it is preceded by "c."
"A" is the first letter of the alphabet.
The children occupied the large and spacious classroom.
The old harp was stored in the basement.
I want to visit the ruins of Machu Picchu.
What was he arrested for this time?
I live at Augusta Street.
Lus Coelho Street intersects Augusta Street.
Mr. Garca is very nice.
I saw Professor Gmez yesterday.
Good afternoon, Professor Prez.
I liked "Rebel Without a Cause" very much.
Are you Andalousian?
This bed is cold.
Michael gave it to Dora.
Did you hear Hillary's speech?
I had a class with Mrs. Tortello.
I will request references about you.
The Brazilian army got ready for the attack.
The Garcas have not arrived yet.
The Morales are in the living room.
Dad, here's the coffee.
Mom, come with me to the store.
Tell Dad to come.
Boseman is an old trapper.
The cabin of that old trapper is not far away.
A Sioux gave that old trapper a golden nugget.
Everybody knows that old trapper.
The Sacramento Chronicle writes frequently about that old trapper.
Sheriff Wyatt Earp talked to that old trapper yesterday.
The sheriff knows that old trapper.
That old trapper knows the sheriff.
That old cabin is on the left.
That old chronicle is on the left.
That old lasso is on the left.
That old trapper lived in California.
Fremont and Sutter lived in California.
Who is Mr. Bush?
Mr. Bush is a president.
Have a good journey!
Hello. My name is John Reindle. I work at the American Embassy in Prague.
Where did you learn Czech so well?
I like Czechoslovakia a lot.
Prague is very beautiful.
Excuse me, I'm a foreigner and I don't understand Czech all that well.
But I understand you quite well.
How long have you been in Czechoslovakia, Mr. Reindle?
Hello. I'm Jarmila Kuerov. I'm glad to meet you.
Just a second, please, here is my wife, I'll introduce her to you. Jarmila, this is Mr. Reindle from the American Embassy.
Good afternoon. You are our new neighbor, if I'm not mistaken?
I'm a foreigner and I don't know Czech very well. Please, speak slowly.
A foreigner? And where are you from?
I'm Josef Patoka and I work at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
If you need anything, ring my bell any time. I'll be glad to help you.
I am not Czech.
You are our new neighbor.
Who is there?
There is the neighbor Patoka.
This is the American Embassy.
Go straight, then take the second street to the left and turn immediately again to the right. That will be Karlova Street and then you should keep going straight across Charles Bridge to Mostecka Street and on to Malostransk Square.
Give tea.
I taste of salt.
Now you are in Old Town, so it will be best to go by foot across Charles Bridge and then along Mosteck Street to Malostransk Square.
Good afternoon. Excuse me, I'm looking for the Loreta.
The man that I see is very tall.
Did you read the book that won the prize?
I'll give a copy to anyone who asks for it.
I live in the house my father built.
Ill give you that article.
I'll give you the article I wrote on that matter.
He cut it with the knife that he received as a present from his brother.
They bought a house last year in the place where were going on vacation.
The woman who lives next door is working for the Civil Service now.
There's a man at the door who wants to talk to you.
He saw an old friend last week whom he hadnt seen in years.
I thought I saw someone there.
Colm is the person I thought I saw.
He's doing something there.
It's a new book.
Close your eyes and count to ten.
I like the picture that I see there.
Cit makes the food that I prefer.
The priest who speaks French will be here next week.
He remained silent during the meeting.
Mire married the man who got first prize.
This is not what was asked.
Peige is the person who will finish the work.
I don't understand the questions that the teacher asks.
I bought a book that will be very interesting.
What will be happening on Thursday?
My mother appears young for her age.
What do you do in London?
If a figure has three sides, it is a triangle.
Who was not here?
What did he not buy?
China is a large country.
China is a great country.
Bicycles are for summertime.
Which food do you prefer?
Which people will be here?
Which woman was talking to you?
When was he here before?
I play sports every day.
When will you come back?
How long will they stay?
How often do you see her?
How's the work going?
How was the night?
What will you drink?
Who said that?
Which newspaper would you prefer?
Who lives in that house?
Which film did you see?
Whose food is this?
What does she do in the summer?
How did you do it?
Who did you see at the theatre?
The weather is beautiful.
Is the weather nice?
Is this it?
Is she nice?
I see a house.
I see the house.
I see this.
I see this house.
I see that it is raining.
I see your house.
I see his house.
I see myself.
Show me yours!
I would like that kind.
They see each other.
Which one would you like?
Which book would you like?
We're walking in the park.
Mari works for a large firm.
I go into the city every day.
I will be working all day tomorrow.
Next week Im going to the Balaton.
I'll do my homework later.
I go into the store, and who do I see? An American friend, who immediately begins to tell me what has been going on with him since we last met.
Lajos said that he wants to live in Szeged.
Lajos said that three years ago he wanted to live in Szeged.
I have been working in the library since January.
How long have you been studying Hungarian?
My boss has been trumpeting the virtues of yet another runaway bestselling managerial strategy guide.
Ole went from one antidepressant to another, trying to find the one with the fewest side effects.
Ulster has the fewest losses of any boxer in the league.
Anders had the fewest toys out of anyone in his class, which motivated him to make friends quickly.
The regions with the fewest natural resources rely on importation to increase their standard of living.
We live in a society; not just in an economy.
Damn, that sucks!
Good afternoon. Excuse me, I'm looking for Loretta.
You can feel the worm as a painful strand under the skin.
I became a woman.
They sell apples, mandarines, eggs and so on.
I must have dreamt it.
The Iowa caucuses will be held soon.
Just married.
He didn't try to answer her back.
We are arriving at the theater.
He thought up a new idea.
He was absorbed in listening to the music.
I am fine, and you?
His sister does not go to America.
Any society not enlightened by philosophers is fooled by quacks.
It's not about how much you're worth, but how much they are going to pay for having you.
Yesterday we were biking in the woods.
They vacationed in France last year.
I finished the work.
I have read the book.
I was reading the book.
In the morning I usually drink coffee, in the evening I drink tea.
In the old days we would go ice skating in the winter, but now we are too old.
When I have finished my lunch, I will lie down for an hour.
As soon as I have written the letter I will rush to the post office.
In general, wolves do not attack people.
Close the door, please!
Don't leave!
Dont eat that apricot!
Dont anyone bother me!
Do it!
Walk slowly!
Dont open the window!
Lets eat already!
Lets go to the movies!
Lets not get up early tomorrow!
Let him stay home if he wants!
Let me buy this car!
Should I tell them the truth?
They asked whether they should write down the new words.
Did you inquire as to whether you should leave?
Could he, he would open days a week.
The cottage industry is in good health.
I bought a car in Derry yesterday.
It's a car that I bought in Derry yesterday.
Its in Derry that I bought a car yesterday.
I'll wear the blue dress.
It's your children who were late.
We'll be leaving tomorrow.
I bought the car.
I was talking to my family.
She is making dinner.
He broke the window.
Youll fall!
So be it!
The fact is, he broke the window.
Youre really going to fall!
What he said was that he was satisfied.
What you saw was a dolphin.
The one who did it was amonn.
What they did was break the window.
What I'll do is clean the room.
Will you really come?
It is better to remain silent, than to talk without purpose.
Is it you who'll buy the food?
Did they come today?
He's a journalist.
Yesterday is when I bought a car.
It's a car that I bought.
No comment.
He's got some very British phlegm.
I'm sure yours doesn't quite compare mine.
What are we talking about, seriously?
He put the right words at the right time.
What I want now is ice cream.
Youll break your neck!
My brother is a professor.
I met Mattias in Spain.
It's tomorrow that you're leaving, isn't it?
Brd has the money.
It wasn't me that ate the last piece of cake.
We'll leave at eight o'clock.
I saw Eibhln at the library, not Sorcha.
That is the house that I stay in.
That is the woman they stay with.
Those are the children you'll be giving the book to.
Who are the people I saw her with?
The man that you'll get a letter from is on holiday now.
Michael Jackson has died.
I see the children who had a cold.
Is that the woman who knows the answer?
That's the man whose wife died.
That's the woman whose son is sick.
That's the house I stayed in.
Thats the woman they stayed with.
Those are the children you gave the book to.
Those are the people whose car I repaired.
That's the house they were living in.
Excuse me, I didn't catch your name.
That's the woman I got a message from.
The car is Brians.
Which house do you stay in?
Where is your brother?
Which woman do you stay with?
Which teachers were you talking to?
Which chair did you put the book on?
Which woman's son is sick?
Who do you stay with?
To whom did you give the book?
What were you talking about?
Whose book is here?
Whose is it?
Are all the books on the table?
How did he do it?
Well, I'll surely ask again.
Just a second, please. Straight and then to the right, is that it?
So, straight, then to the right, and then?
How far is it to Brno?
Is this the right way to go to the railway station?
Is it still far from here?
Where am I now?
You're going in the wrong direction.
You have to go back.
I am probably lost.
You will take the second street.
It's really worth it.
Show it to me on the map.
Here I have the map.
I work at the embassy.
I will do the homework.
In case you will need anything.
This will be the best.
It will be Karlova street.
We are looking for each other.
The professor teaches Czech.
I learn Czech.
I will borrow a pen.
I will lend you a pen.
You will take one of the streets.
Yo, check out this bling bling!
Adolescence is often a period of insecurity.
Once you reach the age of sixty, you become a senior.
The engagement is often followed by a public announcement of marriage.
A wedding is an important event in one's life.
Common-law relationships are not legal unions in France.
A baby is adorable.
The bride was radiant.
A girl can be a tomboy.
A king's daughter is a princess.
He is a very gallant gentleman.
On which chair did you put the book?
Meet Mr. Petit.
I do not know this lady.
Hello, ma'am.
Which house are you staying in?
In which house are you staying?
That's the house they lived in.
How do you think this change will be received?
Do you see any problems with the project?
I wonder if we could run into any problems with the company.
Where do you think any problems might occur?
It seems OK on paper, but I wonder if it's going to work.
That's true. First, however, we need to go to the supermarket.
You're right about that. I wonder if they are going to understand you.
I see what you mean.
OK, but what about the manager?
And why is that?
What makes you say that?
Could you elaborate?
Interesting. Could you explain what you mean?
Do you say that because you're afraid?
No problem. If X happens, we have Y as a backup.
That could only happen if they were still in the country.
Should that happen, what we would do then is run.
Tell me what you think about my car.
How do you feel about your father?
What are your thoughts on the company?
Do you have any thoughts on my paper?
What's your take on my book?
Has anybody ever said you wear too much makeup?
Has anybody ever thought of this?
Has anybody ever given serious thought to this?
Has this ever been done before?
Just between you and me, do you love my sister?
Don't quote me on this, but I agree with you.
You didn't hear this from me.
OK. Right. I see what you mean.
OK. I think I see where you are going.
OK. I think I understand what you're asking.
Anyway, you're my friend.
Anyway, you get the idea.
Anyway, I think I've said enough.
I think you know what I mean.
I don't need to go on and on about it.
I could go on and on about it, but I won't.
Al-Qaeda leader Osama Bin Laden has been killed by US forces in Pakistan.
Excuse me, have you got a light?
Under Europa's icy crust might be an ocean of water.
Fifthly, I just forgot what the first four things were.
You are cordially invited to our fiftieth anniversary celebration.
By the fiftieth heartbreak, rejection becomes much easier to handle.
Among other things, carats are a measure of gold's fineness.
His uncle worked as a pipe fitter for years, exposing him to lead, exotic gases, and other interesting chemicals.
Pipe fitters design and assemble pipe systems.
Valencia is a much fitter candidate for student body president than her competitors.
I've gotten much fitter, sleeker, and sexier thanks to all this running from the cops.
He bawled and screamed about what turned out to be an easily fixable problem.
The stylists, in all their pompous, branded majesty, doubted that the girl who had just approached them was fixable: her clothes were greasy, tattered, and devoid of rhinestones and logos.
It's no crime to steal from a thief.
The police watch over the city during the night.
On Sunday we were on the beach flying a kite.
The firefighters could not put out the fire at the industrial plant.
Inverted exclamation and question marks were invented by the Real Academia Espaola to make ASCII look racist.
His teeth are white like a pearl.
I like vanilla ice cream very much.
Men are like bears: the uglier they are, the more handsome.
I'm hoping to arrive this weekend.
Recreativo de Huelva was the first football club founded in Spain.
I can help him if he needs it.
He always wanted to go to L.A.
Due to the economic crisis, there are more and more cases of fraud.
Speed kills.
I have remained speechless.
And there we were: the best of any house.
It's so wonderful to smell freshly made coffee!
I don't like coffee too much, but I tend to have a cup once in a while.
My little sister is kind of lazy.
I hate my job.
The rain that fell during the last few days has filled the swamps.
You've bitten off more than you can chew.
Who is it that you're working for?
Are you saying that because you're afraid?
Just between the two of us; are you in love with my sister?
Death is the only thing we haven't succeeded in completely vulgarizing.
He was convicted on trumped up charges.
He's hell-bent on finding out who killed his daughter.
The police think the house was torched to collect on the insurance.
At the best hotels, there is always someone at your beck and call.
She stormed off in a huff.
I think you're reading too much into John's relationship with Jane.
Don't be so hard on her. She meant well.
That was then and this is now.
The odds are slim to none that the true conspirators will be found.
She took out a full-page ad in the newspaper pleading for help in finding her kidnapped daughter.
Strangely, rich people tend to be stingier than poor people.
Just when the bank was about to foreclose on her home, she came into a lot of money.
How can you be so sure?
His breath reeks of booze.
Their marriage has been strained lately because of financial problems.
Coastal cities will take the brunt of the storm.
Ever since the car accident she's felt that she's been living on borrowed time.
Catching cancer early increases survival odds.
Every high school student has ditched class at one time or other.
They're really tight.
Look me in the eyes and tell me you didn't do it.
Do you have a John Harrison in your employ?
She's in total denial about her husband's philandering.
You've got a lot of nerve bringing me here under false pretenses.
I asked him about what he witnessed, but he wasn't very forthcoming.
Your reply is wrong.
Rose petals are very soft.
The petals floated on the surface of the water.
There are various actions in conversations.
Interpreters do not translate turn by turn.
Turns are context-shaped.
There could be a failure to answer.
The interactions are governed by rules.
Turns are followed by turns.
Overlap can occur.
For me, humanity is a matter's shape.
Life is but a sophisticated way of organising matter.
For me, humanity is a shape that matter takes.
Why can't shape be an intimate attribute of matter?
Why are they here?
What time will he be here?
I'll meet you tomorrow.
Fine. Where?
Which house do they live in?
He actually hurt himself.
Did you walk from the bus?
Flowers are sold there.
French is spoken in Switzerland.
Not much soccer is played there.
Is German spoken too?
They say it's hot here.
They get up early in this house.
There will be card-playing tonight.
One must go home.
Mire was injured in an accident.
No one else was injured.
The glass got broken.
The question was answered.
It wasn't found.
Nobody went there.
Was she seen?
I think that someone went there.
Weren't they satisfied?
People are rich here.
Are people comfortable? No.
She was born in England.
It can be done.
You should finish the work.
The work should be finished.
We need more.
More is needed.
I succeeded in the work.
The work was successful.
Samas Mhic Shein died last year.
It seems to me that they will be late.
Caitrona was born in 1985.
One wont hear much music in that pub.
Her father died.
He was drowned.
Youll be killed!
They cut back more every year.
One should not say bad words.
Was nothing done about that?
Youll be given the report when it is written.
This car is a pile of rubbish.
Cats hate water.
I beseech you, in the bowels of Christ, think it possible you may be mistaken.
Don't worry, be happy.
An oil leak was contained by a beaver dam in Alberta.
He covered his face with the handkerchief and cried as well!
He got a little irritated when he was approached by beggars.
The new law guarantees the same judicial and social rights to homosexual couples.
I don't see the humor in anything.
This language has been in decline for several centuries until recently.
Cells have two methods of reproduction: mitosis and meiosis.
They were there with some other motive in mind which she still didn't know about.
In many cases, doing that is impossible.
Other documents of great importance include the writings of the Jesuits.
He asked her seven times to marry him.
It was necessary that he say something, but no word came from his lips.
She is a kind and holy woman.
They generally paid a visit on Sundays, after dinner.
This relationship between Portugal and the United States is still maintained today.
In the old man's store, they worked day and night.
To tell the truth, I've only crossed the border once.
I wrote that book.
She didn't have the courage to talk about her husband's death.
The first thing you have to do is take a bath.
For a while you will stay here with us.
The boss owes several months' salary to the construction workers.
The prisoners would have to go through yet one more hardship.
She wanted to know if what I discovered was true!
This way, its hard.
Not everything can be the way we want, Teresa.
In December of that year, a new Constitution was adopted.
Most of them are invisible without the help of a microscope.
The work took an enormous amount of time to finish.
Simone asked, "How are you? Well?"
I miss my family and my country.
He was the kind of person in whom you can trust.
Today, things are better for the Latino community in the USA.
The friend whom I invited never showed up.
The money could take days to arrive at its destination.
I think that, for the first time in my life, I understood her.
I want to do a little physical exercise.
This analysis is divided in two parts.
One day I went to see her and told her that she should tell everything to her husband.
I didn't want to go; I preferred to stay home, enjoying my solitude.
Then speak now or forever hold your peace.
I can't remember what question I asked him.
The airplane was going to carry them to Bauru.
And say, "My Lord, increase me in knowledge."
But say, "O my Lord! advance me in knowledge."
Bairbre is careful.
She did the work carefully.
The car is slow.
Youre driving slowly.
She spoke impolitely.
They rarely go there.
I'll do the work tomorrow.
Put the bags over there.
The adopted girl is from Panama.
Weve had snow for the past month.
He arrived at midnight.
She went to England a year ago.
They're inside.
Tomorrow, we'll be starting school.
For the past month, we've had no snow at all.
The situation got worse.
Over in Paris they speak French.
The situation worsened.
I'll see you tonight.
She did it carefully.
This game is sick! I've been a fan of the company for...ever.
Hello. My name is Jos Silva. What's your name?
I speak a little Spanish.
Juan's shirt is as elegant as mine.
What did you say? Please repeat it.
I would like to change my American dollars to euros please.
Excuse me, where's the American Embassy?
I dont feel well. Where is the office of the nearest doctor?
Could you please help me? I've lost an important document.
How much do these black pants and red shirts cost?
I need a spoon, a fork, and a knife. Thank you.
Mariana is going home now with Susana's mother.
Estvez is the man from Chile.
Mario is an Italian citizen.
You use a pen in a university.
We have to wake up.
I study here when there is no noise.
Francine and I loved each other very much.
I beg you to give me a little water.
The girl doesn't know how to do it.
Perhaps you want fifteen cheeses.
Mr. Robert wants the honor of seeing Estvez.
It is true that Rosa had a glass of wine.
Mrs. Ana explains the sixth test.
The blue fox is in the zoo.
It's seven o'clock.
Spanish is easy.
The book is written in Spanish.
It's a Spanish book.
Dr. Rueda arrives.
On Sundays I rest.
I am going to Spain in the fall.
I live in the United States.
The Amazon is a river.
Madrid, the capital of Spain, is a marvelous city.
Arriving early is good.
Susan, Juan's sister, is very intelligent.
I think the same as they do.
Expensive is not always better than inexpensive.
I see how dangerous it is.
Do you hear how fast he speaks?
I'm a good teacher.
She's an important American.
The artist is gifted.
The little girl lived in Brazil.
Belgium is not as big as France.
Thank you for correcting this mistake.
Man lives not by bread alone.
The rain falls and moistens the trees.
The invention of the mobile phone took place in the seventies, and it became accessible to all in the eighties and nineties.
Better to be alone than in bad company.
There are four days left till Christmas!
She thinks the fact that he admits his problem is very positive, and demonstrates that deep down, he wants to change for you.
The natives each had an amulet, which they considered their true heart.
Pedro has a motorcycle and loves to ride it.
I don't know how long this situation is going to last.
This indigenous god needs water to have a normal life, move and talk, or its body will turn back into immovable stone.
Because of his passion for indigenous Mexican art, he spends his weekends in Tlaxcala or Teotihuacan looking for good specimens of small statues.
He just moved into an apartment he inherited from his parents.
Reality and dreams counteract each other.
Filiberto died by drowning during a bath in the ocean.
Filiberto has fled to Acapulco.
The basement of his house is constantly inundated with inexplicable water leaks.
His love for indigenous Mexican art became his downfall.
The oldest woman in the village was the one who picked his name at birth.
Esteban is a man of superhuman heightalmost a giant!
If a stranger on the street slapped me in the face, I'd hit him back hard.
If a stranger on the street slapped me in the face, I'd kill him without warning.
If the boy gets sleepy, don't leave him in front of the television. Take him to bed early and read him a story.
If I was left alone on the elevator at four in the morning, I'd shout to attract the neighbors' attention.
If I discovered my best friend's boyfriend kissing someone else, I'd kill him that very second.
I'm bored, home alone, without cartoons or a computer.
Try to understand it in Spanish, without translating to English.
Get out of here quickly!
There's no need to exaggerate.
Damn it! He's escaped me again.
And what if we went to a Japanese restaurant tonight?
Loving is the essence of life.
A large crowd of Americans gathered outside the White House to celebrate the death of a human being in the same manner as they would celebrate winning a football game.
This classroom is separated from that one by a wall.
China and Mongolia are separated by the Great Wall of China.
She was depressed.
He's an alpha male idiot.
Sorry, but you're in the wrong here.
My home is separated from his by a river.
Which ocean separates China and America?
They are separated by a great distance.
The exhibitor isn't involved in the conversation.
The exhibitor is cut off from the conversation.
What separates Guangdong from Guangxi?
There is a start signal.
There are long turns.
At these events they sell few products.
He gives instructions on what to say.
In the second example, the interpreter mistranslates the salutation.
Discuss the basic procedures involved in the analysis of conversational interaction.
We are only separated by the Pacific Ocean.
Give examples.
What does translation equivalence involve?
There is a global problem of comprehension.
There's a global problem of comprehension.
The Danish person tries to speak Italian at the beginning of the conversation.
Patients tell stories.
Say what is true.
Genius and madness are separated only by success.
One day apart seems like a separation of three years.
If speakers regularly mean something other than what they say, how is it that people manage to understand one another?
We need to distinguish what a sentence could mean from what it actually does mean when used by one particular speaker on one particular occasion.
Sooner or later, we'll have to buy a new TV since the TV we have now is a very old model.
Large catches of squid are a sign of a coming earthquake.
CK should definitely go Sony!
That is why I'm compelled to wank.
The next station is where you get off.
He doesn't know any of us.
You're slower than a villain's horse.
I'd like it if you were always honest with me.
There in the darkness, she reflected on her life.
My parents have kicked me out of the house.
I'm pouring some anti-inflammatory cream on my right knee.
Pigeons are very bothersome birds in cities.
She snuck out the house without him knowing.
Remarking on the incessant rain, John huddled under his umbrella and strode off to work.
There are many zoonoses, that is, diseases transmitted from animals to human beings.
The tape having been replayed, the referee conceded that the ball had crossed the line.
Tomorrow will be another day.
Republicans and Democrats, Christians, Atheists, Muslims and all other faiths, Americans and Immigrants, everyone was united in grief for the devastation of 9/11.
Someone important to society has passed away.
Do you like to drive?
Juan was Costa Rican, whilst Pierre and Jack came from Runion and South Africa respectively.
With heads respectfully bowed, they carried the coffin up the steps and into the small chapel.
The man in the doorway was not an easy customer, the kind of guy all the waitresses hoped that someone else would serve.
As the boat sailed on westwards, the captain looked back at how far they had come, and felt a tear prick the corner of his eye.
The corners of his lips showed a bluish tinge that really worried the nurse.
Have I told you that I hate you?
You're a penny-pincher.
This chick is like a shrimp: I like everything about her but her head.
He sat there dead in the bathtub.
I've tried Controls, but they seem a little tighter to me than Durexes.
This decision changed Nepals history for it introduced democracy.
He had to leave the city, so he moved to Berlin.
Everything was going to end and begin again.
Cairo is the biggest city in Africa.
She speaks Portuguese.
Brazil is a young country without a commitment to the past.
Another form of art which was highly developed by them was sculpture.
Even today, his theory remains practically irrefutable.
If it werent for the problem with the sewers, we would already have built the house.
In Europe it is difficult, yet possible, to find a job.
The sacrifice was seen as a way of sanctifying the act.
The Socialist Party only got 18% of the votes.
They told me that the cemetery is in terrible condition.
He took second place.
The city of Londrina was founded in 1930.
Although he had fewer supporters among the governing class, he was able to get the popular vote.
If I considered the possibility of catching the flu every time I kiss a girl I don't know, I'd have no luck with the ladies at all.
He was very gracious to let us take a picture of him.
Don't kiss me like before.
My job is to know these things.
I'll miss you so much when you leave in June.
In 1890, the colony acquired its own government.
With these orders, he left for India right away.
I did so much that I felt tired.
The Germans then attacked the English forces on the right side.
She thought it wise to call the police.
I know that better than anyone.
And feminism, what do you think about feminism?
My name is Maria Sara.
Why has this happened?
My wife is Scottish.
The average number of pregnancies per woman is two in industrialized countries.
Those who know me know that I'm Catholic.
Currently, the industry is a good example of an area of depression.
Oxygen exists in two gaseous forms.
Before the arrival of the Europeans, yellow fever hadn't been a problem.
Such a thing never passed through my head!
I like this wallpaper of Marilyn Monroe you have on your laptop because it reminds me a lot of you when you lay your little eyes on me.
The religious man remained kneeling for hours.
Agriculture is developed in the most fertile lands of the region.
When I saw him last, he was still a child.
My parents have been married since before I was born.
Slavery is a crime against humanity.
He went to Brazil and stayed there.
As incredible as it seems, he is a really strong guy.
He widened his small circle of friends.
How much time has passed?
I can tell you nothing more. I've already said too much.
The languages spoken in Cape Verde are Portuguese and creoles.
He married twice and had more than children.
After a certain point, everything became a little more difficult.
Go get her medicine and a glass of water.
I don't want to live in a country that doesn't want to defend my rights.
A thousand pardons for coming into your house so late.
The problem is worse.
Can you show me the list of prices?
Man does not live by bread alone.
A man telephoned me this evening.
I work part-time as a receptionist at a dentist's office.
I like to go to the movies with my friends.
Ancient people liked to tell stories of bravery.
The group has, as lead singer, Ivete Sangalo.
The maximum speed reached by the vehicle was kilometers per hour.
I am a licensed veterinarian.
During this time of the year you can neither enter nor leave Rome.
The war ended.
You should all continue until you finish your course of study.
The idea was so advanced that I couldn't understand it.
I can never predict anything.
There are divisions within the organization itself.
When he returned home, he shut himself in his room.
Statues of Buddha are notable works of Japanese art.
I don't have enough money.
Two men are checking on what's wrong with the car.
It's as clean as a whistle.
Life is a question of priorities.
I don't like women without personalities.
This car is a clunker.
The other day they took my wallet while I was strolling along the beach.
I need a vacation!
Let's escape together.
There's no way to convince him. He absolutely insists that the only way to solve the problem is his way.
The chameleon changes color depending on where it finds itself.
The gardener didn't let us walk on the grass.
I have two parakeets at home.
The hummingbird is the smallest bird in the world.
The killer has just taken his fourteenth victim, and we still have no lead on his identity.
He flirts so forcefully that he ends up pushing women away.
Our artificial island isn't very well forested yet.
No ensemble can convey a composer's intent more forcefully than an orchestra.
Act too forcefully and you'll start a war.
Forested wetlands are the subject of extensive USDA research.
The activists were last seen in a remote, forested corner of Brazil.
Claude, an autotropic boy in my class whose skin is green due to chlorophyll, dreams of foresting the moon.
Urban foresting was a shared hobby of theirs.
We have made several failed attempts at foresting the local landfill.
In autumn, the moon is really beautiful.
Artificial neural networks can be used to understand biological neural networks, or to solve problems of artificial intelligence, without necessarily creating models of real biological systems.
At what age did you have your first period?
I know a very rich girl who only eats seasonal vegetables.
At what age did you get your first period?
She made a few extra bucks writing the fortunes in fortune cookies.
They promised him he'd make fortunes off of his penny stocks.
She got herself through college telling people their fortunes as a phony psychic. She didn't even have a proper Tarot deck, but her clients didn't know the difference.
Fourthly, my first three points do not exist.
See how much freer you feel at the keyboard after practicing your scales like the other kids?
I know no freer country than my own, for never do I bother leaving home.
Old-timers might argue the Internet was freest during the Usenet days.
America fancies itself the world's freest nation.
Be careful interpreting indirect translations. Genders may have changed.
See how they run!
See how Lenny can swallow an entire hot dog without chewing or choking? That's why upper management loves him so much.
Pickpockets may operate in this area.
Dogs must be carried.
Don't fall asleep too soon.
Don't sleep too deeply.
Did Pakistani intelligence really know nothing about the terrorist's whereabouts?
Why did he do such a thing?
Some people are sure to ask, why don't we just pack up and leave Afghanistan?
He is twice as old as she is.
We subscribe to a newspaper.
My family subscribes to a newspaper.
Sorry it took me so long to write to you.
Two pictures overlapped.
The light faded out.
Her dream is to visit Paris.
Her feelings are easily hurt.
We call this mountain Tsurugidake.
Err...
Nope.
Yep.
I also like this singer's voice.
Okey-dokey.
Okey doke.
I'm casting aspersions on his competency as a statistician.
They came to make peace.
They came to ask for peace.
He committed suicide by jumping off a bridge.
He ended his life by jumping off a bridge.
I'm very worried.
All of the apples that fall are eaten by the pigs.
The earthquake caused a tsunami of immense size.
Existence precedes essence.
Every nation gets the government it deserves.
I saw my friends yesterday.
Did you get a beer?
Holyrood is in uproar.
We're finding it difficult deciding on which one to buy.
The cup is on the table.
I like this cup.
The map is on the wall.
Finland is on the map.
He is Commander Joki.
Commander Joki has a family.
There's a boy.
The boy has a newspaper.
I want a bath.
My address is Puistokatu.
We live on Puistokatu.
Every country has the government it deserves.
Good morning, Mr. Saari.
Morning, Mrs. Virtanen.
I want the address.
The measure of love is to love without measure.
I go to work.
I go into the store.
I go into the bank.
The art of pleasing is the art of deception.
Great thoughts come from the heart.
In order to achieve great things, we must live as though we are never going to die.
May I introduce Attorney Tammi, a new student. Mrs. Virtanen, the Finnish teacher.
Here is my wife, Minna.
Excuse me, what was the name again?
How is it spelled?
'Tammi' with two m's. So that's T-A-M-M-I.
Sorry, I didn't hear.
And how are things in Washington?
How is your wife?
You think you are dying for your country; you die for the industrialists.
Of all the ways of defining man, the worst is the one which makes him out to be a rational animal.
Thanks for asking, she is fine.
Thanks, everything is fine there.
He is wise who neither hopes nor fears anything from the uncertain future.
If it were absolutely necessary to choose, I would rather be guilty of an immoral act than of a cruel one.
To accomplish great things we must not only act, but also dream; not only plan, but also believe.
It is only the poor who pay cash. That's not from virtue, but because they are refused credit.
Ignorance and error are necessary to life, like bread and water.
We have medicines to make women speak; we have none to make them silent.
When a thing has been said and well said, have no scruple: take it and copy it.
One becomes a good writer just as one becomes a good carpenter: by planing down one's sentences.
I do not know any reading more easy, more fascinating, more delightful than a catalogue.
Lovers who are truly in love do not write down their happiness.
Those who have given themselves the most concern about the happiness of people have made their friends very miserable.
The art of teaching is only the art of awakening the natural curiosity of young minds to satisfy it afterwards.
We dismiss people for talking about themselves but it's the subject they treat best.
The finest words in the world are only vain sounds, if you cannot comprehend them.
Is there any reason for that?
Why is this so, Yusufu?
Yes, there are two important reasons.
In the first place, the women have more free time than men. In the second place, they have fewer things to worry about than men.
The men go to work.
The men are generally tired when they come back from work.
Sometimes they say, "I can't go to school today. I'll go tomorrow."
In that case, they fall behind.
I've heard that you don't eat green leafy vegetables. You say that it is food for animals.
That's nothing but a lie!
The people there are not so dumb.
They know what "vitamin" means.
When you don't eat leafy foods, you can't get vitamins.
I was quite surprised.
I was surprised that when I heard that people really don't eat leafy vegetables.
That's not true at all.
I see that the time is approaching, Yusufu.
I must hurry to catch the train.
Fine. I'd be very happy if you would drop me a line as soon as you get to Mwanza.
Tell me all about the trip you've made.
Tell me how you will take the steamer from Mwanza to Bukoba.
Good bye, and safe trip.
Good bye, and thanks.
You'll see it for yourself.
Ask God that you may visit that country some day.
Her argument was not based on facts.
Do you like to stay alone?
"Father, why are you putting on clean clothes?" "Because I'm going to church."
"Do you want to go to church with me, Daudi?" "No, father. I don't want to today. I'll go by myself tomorrow."
But your mother is going too.
Even if I'm going to stay at home by myself, I'm not going any place at all today.
I do not want any bananas at all.
I do not want any milk at all.
I do not want anybody at all.
We did not see a single game.
We did not see any children at all.
He does not have any relatives at all.
He does not have any friends.
"I shall go to the market this afternoon. How about you?" "No, I will not go."
"I shall buy a new house. How about you?" "No, I will not buy one."
"Juma will pay school fees. How about Hamisi?" "No, he will not pay them."
"Juma will help his friends. How about Hamisi?" "No, he will not help them."
"My friends will learn Nyamwezi. How about yours?" "No, they will not learn it."
"Will you go to the market with Juma?" "No, I shall go alone."
"Will Juma go to the market with Hasani?" "No, he will go alone."
"Will the children stay at home with their mother?" "No, they will stay alone."
"Will the porters come with their master?" "No, they will come alone."
"Do you want this orange?" "No, I don't want any orange at all."
We must be clear that when it comes to atoms, language can be used only as in poetry.
Your theory is crazy, but it's not crazy enough to be true.
How wonderful that we have met with a paradox. Now we have some hope of making progress.
Anyone who is not shocked by quantum theory has not understood it.
Some subjects are so serious that one can only joke about them.
Looking back at your childhood, what do you remember as your first reading experiences?
Do you have a favourite writer and a favourite book?
What books have you read in English?
When you were able to read on your own, what did you enjoy reading?
What kinds of reading material did your parents have in the house when you were young?
If you could easily read anything in English, what would you like to read?
How much time per week do you spend reading materials of your own choice?
What kind of reading is important in your life today?
Did your parents or other members of your family like to read?
If so, what did they read?
If you think you understand quantum mechanics, you don't understand quantum mechanics.
Mr Koizumi thinks an awful lot of himself.
There is nothing you can do that I haven't already done to myself.
I've borrowed a car.
Never borrow a car.
I've borrowed a table.
George reached his goal of traveling to America.
I have borrowed two books.
He borrowed two books.
Do you speak Swedish?
Yes, a little bit.
No, not at all.
No, I don't understand you.
Thanks, I understand now.
Where is there a telephone?
Is there a bus stop nearby?
Yes, over there.
Can you tell me how you get to the American Embassy?
Fred was thrilled to buy the car.
I would like to buy some postcards.
How many do you want?
One crown and fifty ore.
Please give me a Dagens Nyheter, too.
How much will it be?
It will be four crowns, please.
We are having lunch.
We are having dinner.
We are having breakfast.
May I look at the menu?
May I have a couple of cheese sandwiches?
What would you like to drink? Coffee?
May I have a glass of milk, please?
May I have a glass of water, please?
May I have a glass of beer, please?
May I have a glass of wine, please?
Some bread and butter.
There's a restaurant here.
There's a bus here.
There's a crown here.
There's a telephone here.
There's a sandwich here.
There's a bus stop here.
There's a postcard here.
There's a glass here.
There's a couple here.
There's a hotel here.
Is there a telephone here?
I speak Swedish.
Greta is walking to the Embassy.
You will speak Swedish.
You can understand Swedish.
A cup of coffee costs one crown.
Does a cup of coffee cost one crown?
Mr. Berg is helping you.
Are you helping Miss Hansson?
You are going to speak Swedish.
You want to help me.
I'm helping you.
I will help you.
I'm coming to the hotel.
I want to come to the hotel.
Let's see...
Whatever will be, will be.
They work hard.
Classes begin next week.
They go to work every day.
She sings and dances very well.
He dresses himself well.
He brushes his teeth after his meals.
Mary watches TV every night.
My maid waxes my house once a week.
A bee buzzes.
That woman goes to church every evening.
My mother always buys at the drugstore.
He studies hard every day.
Do they know it well?
They don't know it well.
Light travels at about 186,miles per second.
Water freezes at 0 C.
She usually comes here on Tuesdays.
He waters the garden once a week.
My friend and I often go to the movies.
She likes to go to the beach.
She doesn't know what to say.
That band comes to our town tomorrow.
What kind of bird is this?
I study at the library.
You dare not eat me!
Sorry, you have the wrong number.
Don't spoil your appetite.
She fucked me by surprise.
They are studying for the test.
She is resting now.
Father is reading the newspaper now.
At present they are working for a big company in England.
Look! They are leaving the house.
She is leaving for her hometown tomorrow morning.
She is always smoking.
Peter is continually making phone calls to his mother.
She understands you now.
The doctor is seeing that patient.
He's taking a shower.
My father works hard because he wants to give us everything we need.
She sings, he plays the guitar and we dance.
John wants to see you and me.
He loves to see us.
You and I love games.
We love them.
The boy is eating bread.
We see him every day.
Are they looking at us?
The baby is crying. I think it is sick.
That's my dog Fido. I love him.
One shouldn't lie.
Mary hurt herself yesterday.
They always behave themselves well.
He shaves himself every day.
They are looking at themselves in the mirror.
I myself will repair that machine.
I will repair that machine myself.
She herself did the homework.
She did the homework herself.
That old woman lives by herself.
You have to do it by yourself.
One should dress oneself well.
Let's stop hurting each other.
People should love one another.
He himself refused to talk to her.
My mom always says that she will visit me soon.
He will have to do that task again.
I will ask Mary to type the letters tomorrow.
She will be happy to know you want to see her.
We are going to meet him tonight.
I think I am finally going to retire.
Listen! She is going to explain that rule again.
Look! That kid is going to fall.
You shall do your duty.
You shall not enter the house dressed like that.
He shall be punished.
We shall hold on till the end.
The Titanic sank on her maiden voyage. She was a large ship.
Will you please open the door?
Will you drink some tea?
Shall we go now?
Shall we wait a little more?
It's useless to talk to her. She won't listen to you.
Dinner will be ready when you arrive.
When he goes to Europe, he will visit many museums.
We will talk to her before she leaves the office.
The moment they find it, they will be surprised.
When she arrives, talk to her.
As soon as she is ready, give me a call.
I think it will rain this afternoon.
I will leave as soon as the bell rings.
Mary has her problems.
Paul respects his parents.
They love their kids.
This book is mine. Where is yours?
This photo isn't hers. It's ours.
This book belongs to them. It's theirs.
One should do one's best to be happy.
He is one of my old friends.
He's an old friend of mine.
We're selling her one of our tickets.
We're selling her a ticket of ours.
Please, give me one of your pictures.
Please, give me a picture of yours.
Everybody knows his duties here.
I will see my friends tonight, but my sister won't see hers.
We saw them last night.
He worked hard yesterday.
She sent those e-mails an hour ago.
When the phone rang, he ran to answer it.
He went home yesterday.
Did he go home yesterday?
He didn't go home yesterday.
It was raining when they arrived.
What were you doing at o'clock last night?
We were talking about you that day.
Paul was reading a short story last night.
While John was reading his newspaper, his wife was watching TV.
When he got home, his wife was frying some delicious steaks.
He was resting under a tree when an apple fell on his head.
The children were sleeping when their grandparents called them.
I think he drove madly and kept having accidents.
When the police arrived, the thieves had disappeared.
After he had done his homework, he went to bed.
After she had passed her driving test, she bought a car.
The teacher wanted to know why we hadn't done the exercises.
After he had found her phone number, he called her up.
She showed me the present that she had received from her boyfriend.
She left before I got home.
My parents had left before I arrived.
Should I drink dandelion coffee while I'm pregnant?
This little girl lives in Brazil.
Is it OK for me to remove my wedding ring and go to a dating party when I have a pregnant wife?
It's strange that Ken doesn't agree with us.
We exercise.
I go jogging.
The woman is grooming herself.
They are taking a walk.
Pregnant women often experience morning sickness.
I'm taking a walk with my dog.
We play a sport.
Lunch is at noon.
I need a snack.
He finished breakfast.
I must buy groceries.
I'm sorry, I have to answer messages.
Have you already done your homework?
She is in the kitchen because she's making dinner.
The man does the laundry, not the woman.
The girl is doing the dishes.
You shouldn't do his work.
I will set the table before sitting down to eat dinner.
I hate to make the bed.
Why do you clean the house each week?
You've got the freshest sound I've heard in years. Now go write songs about fucking by Friday.
Here once stood a hotel that claimed the world's freshest towels. The place shut down after they were all stolen.
I'm at Tokyo Station now.
Tom does not like cheese.
I don't have a cat.
My back hurts.
My son has a toothache.
Carol has a headache.
He had nausea?
Her daughter has a stomachache.
The boy had indigestion after eating too much.
The virus makes him very feverish.
Blues singer and guitarist Robert Johnson would have been years old on May 8th of if he hadn't died when he was years old.
Get fuller, sexier, more malignant lips today!
Some strategic panning helped his mixes sound fuller.
Eating more slowly will help you feel fuller.
Francesca has a fuller figure than many of the other models at the agency.
Out in the furthest reaches of the galaxy there are a bunch of stars named after dead actors.
This man's ramblings are the furthest from the truth I've ever heard!
These girls have soulful voices and, man, they're hot.
You need not worry about the tsunami due to this earthquake.
Have you ever been to the United States?
I never had the opportunity to use it.
There is no sugar here.
What are you having for lunch today?
Why didn't you read the magazine?
What will you have for lunch today?
They don't know what they are missing.
People in the United States speak English.
We've finished cleaning the classroom.
Few of her friends live in Kyoto.
There is an automobile outside.
Today is a hot day.
One can acquire this book only in a store.
My sister was in New York a year ago.
There is a car in front of the church.
A woman is reading a book in the library.
This car is black.
This orange is delicious.
This man is Chinese.
That child is my sister.
Those students are in the classroom.
This man has a horse.
I am not an athlete.
This is an easy exercise.
Sheila and I are old friends.
Is Mr. Brown a doctor?
Jack is quiet now.
You and Brenda are not hungry.
The dog is in the house.
The cows are on the farm.
The car is in the garage.
George is at the club today.
The blue car is expensive.
The horses are on the farm.
She and I are Brazilian.
The dogs are in the garden.
Peter is English. Is Susan English, too?
He is at school. Are they, too?
Philip and Sheila are late. Am I, too?
That man is French. Are you and your sister, too?
This cat is black. Is the dog, too?
The doctor is young. Is the pilot, too?
There are children playing ball.
There are statues in the park.
There is a girl reading under a tree.
There are two boats on the lake.
I was in So Paulo in February.
There are two motorcycles at the gate of the park.
There is a little boy walking with his dog.
The cat was sick last week.
There is an old man sitting on a bench.
There is a bus on the street.
George was at the club yesterday.
There are students going to school.
There is a policeman at the gate of the house.
Isabela was my first girlfriend.
We were at John's house last weekend.
They were on vacation last July.
You were not a good student two years ago.
Jack and Bill were very good friends.
Jack was at school last year.
She was happy with the new dress.
They were not in class yesterday.
Cecilia wasn't a teacher.
The birds were hungry.
She used to be my girlfriend.
You were late yesterday.
James and I were in Ribeiro Preto last month. It's a city in So Paulo, Brazil.
The boys bring their books every day.
She brushes her hair in the morning.
They play ball in the park every afternoon.
Mr. Ricardo is a very good teacher.
What is the Smithsonian Institution?
How many specimens can the public see at the Smithsonian Institution?
There are certain beliefs about cows in India.
Superstition is certainly part of the present, past and future life of man.
Few students are interested in the game next Saturday.
Filters stop emission of gas into the atmosphere.
Our factory is building a new chimney.
The production of vegetables is growing in our area.
Leather is raw material to produce shoes.
Cows burp a lot.
I seldom speak to him.
Find the correct answer!
Don't cross the street!
They bring some books to me.
We live near her.
Ozone protects us.
She likes to walk with me.
They often see us.
I'm treated as a foreigner in Brazil.
The president speaks as a real patriot.
Scofield goes to the ceremony as our representative.
My little sister is crying like a child.
Both her parents come from Brazil. She is a daughter of Brazilians.
The ladies' dresses are on the floor.
The boy's toys are in the bathroom.
Dr. George's secretary is Japanese.
A horseshoe and a black cat are not good luck signs.
There is superstition in Brazil.
A broken mirror brings bad luck.
There is evidence of superstition in our world.
Some very old beliefs are part of our world.
Thirteen is a lucky number in the Brazilian Federal Lottery.
The boys' bicycle is in the garage.
Carol's dress is long.
Chopin's music is beautiful.
My parent's house is comfortable.
The dog's house is outside.
The man's shirts are in the closet.
The women's hats are expensive.
I know that I don't know.
Choose one.
I hope to have my car paid off by next September.
We must not rest on our laurels!
Hui Shi had many ingenious notions. His writings would fill five carriages; but his doctrines were erroneous and contradictory, and his words were wide of their mark.
Everything is political, including growing radishes.
"Everyone makes mistakes." "Especially idiots!"
I don't like meeting new people.
I'm sorry that it has taken me so long to write to you.
It took me a long time to write to you, sorry!
Around the saints roam the devils.
In times of trouble, she would turn to faith.
When you find yourself in a hole, you just have to dig yourself out.
Were we to populate the corpus with unnatural sentences or inaccurate translations, this resource wouldn't be of much use, now would it?
I know that I was wrong.
Krumkake and lefse are popular at our family gatherings.
"Idiot," "moron," and "imbecile" were all once scientific terms referring to specific IQ ranges.
Her grandfather extrapolated an isolated incident at a grocery store into a series of sweeping, unflattering generalizations about every Mexican on earth.
It's impossible to make a generalization with such poorly obtained data.
Making generalizations seems to be in line with how we think since we tend to look for patterns in the world around us.
I didn't know anything.
You're over-the-top in everything you do.
Many people drink water out of the kitchen faucet.
His stupidity is abysmal.
You might be surprised at the outcome.
His understanding of logic is abysmal.
Female driver, constant danger.
Female drivers are a constant danger.
Spinoza was a pantheist.
Man, you're something!
I can't deny it. You've got style.
Shape is very important.
Dima is one badass dude.
Man was not made to live alone.
I want to love and be loved.
Half of you are idiots.
I demand that you correct that observation, Mr. Charles.
Father was trying to correct his mistake.
They had a good reason to be happy about it.
You showed that you were afraid of their reaction.
The future and the past are alike.
Life must be faced and we have to look ahead.
Sometimes we need to look back to know where we are going to.
He had to stay in hospital for a week.
His best friend in the office came to visit him.
Take it easy and get well.
We're sharing your work.
The teacher once suggested to Emma that they should have a child together.
Thomas didn't consider him very intelligent.
This child looks like its father.
I consider myself a clever man.
He is a retired man who volunteers to entertain patients in hospitals.
She told some jokes and sang some funny songs at a patient's beside.
His jokes don't please all patients in the hospital.
We used to play cards all day and night.
I hate to stop a game for my meals.
She could eat while at the same time continue playing videogame.
Shy children never laugh until everyone else does.
Shyness first shows itself at school.
Two out of five children are shy.
Shy students often receive lower grades.
They never know what to say.
Shy people can develop drug dependence as a defense.
He's coming closer.
One is unable to change one's values.
Values can't be changed overnight.
Most people are not open to new values.
One can hardly change one's point of view.
The hole is big enough.
The hole is too small. Keep digging!
Mother always cries when she listens to sad songs.
His 81-year-old grandfather is proud of him.
The lady stayed at home for five days because it was too hot.
Grandpa is not glad to be ninety-six.
Do you hear me well now?
I was doing some shopping downtown.
Now she understands what I mean.
Does she like her new job?
Benjamin is opening that old truck.
At present they're living in Campinas.
My mother usually relaxes and sleeps after lunch.
Everybody knows that you are a liar.
Bad driving and speeding cause accidents.
Does he come here every week?
As a vegetarian, she doesn't eat meat.
You have to deal with impatience!
She is always trying to find happiness.
The soccer player is tying his shoes.
At present I'm working for a big company in Brazil.
Alice is running to catch her bus.
I was offended by the policeman.
I woud risk my life for a good cause.
I want to eat a spicy chicken in a big plate!
It's impossible to release his foot from the trap.
Newscasters blink a lot.
"Hi, is this you?" "Yes, this is me."
The bread really smells good.
Newscasters blink once every second.
One can't change one's set of values.
It's impossible for the bird to escape from the trap.
"How are you?" "I can't complain."
"How are you doing?" "I can't complain."
Buy our newspaper and win a trip to Khmelnytsky!
It looks like the dog wants something to eat.
Follow me!
Informal diction is always full of mystery and surrealism.
Did you say you've seen a UFO? You can't be serious!
Founding your life on illusions is like building a house on a swamp.
Peek-a-boo, I can see you!
She was in the Americas last month.
How do I get to the beach?
Fetch it and put it on the fire.
Women observe and men think.
I found it difficult to put into practice.
Why limit yourself to just one?
You'd better sober up before the boss gets back.
Why would she go out of her way to help a deadbeat like you?
Your timing really sucks.
I'm sorry that I can't be who you want me to be.
If you find yourself trapped by a bear in the forest, your best bet is to drop to the ground and play dead.
How could this happen? I thought you were on the pill.
I can't take this shit anymore.
My brother was threatened by someone waving a gun.
She is still a girl.
Mr. Pierre and his spouse really like my children; I really like their children too.
Just as it is the tendency of great minds to make one hear much with few words, small minds have a talent for talking a lot, and saying nothing.
Trials can teach us many things. And much more than simply words.
You say you've seen a UFO? Come on!
Many people define success as the possession of large amounts of money.
I really like my job.
This knife has served me well.
I have a lot of books.
If people really landed on the moon half a century ago, why haven't they done it again?
Carla, the singer, has a great voice.
The view is so beautiful!
Who's singing with him now?
The team is playing at Maracan stadium.
Whether the weather is beautiful or nasty, it is my habit to walk around the Palais-Royal at in the evening.
Hundreds of fans are waiting for the singer.
Santa Claus is dropping from the sky!
I have an object, a task, let me say the word, a passion. The profession of writing is a violent and almost indestructible passion.
Life resembles a novel more often than novels resemble life.
We cannot tear a single page from our life, but we can throw the book into the fire.
Life is a long illness that rarely sleeps and can never be cured.
Masterpieces are only successful attempts.
The truth is too simple, one can only go there by way of the complex.
Masterpieces are but successful attempts.
I'm not a magician.
The group is still performing. Why are you leaving?
Ronaldo? He seems to be traveling.
I liked the sour cherry strudel and the nut filled strudel.
Bill was in his bedroom.
Ted and I are taking our girlfriends to the movies now.
We're studying chemistry. Our lessons aren't difficult.
There were beautiful women at the club last night.
The cat is in its basket.
Mr. Johnson isn't in his house now.
There were two red hats on this table two hours ago.
Are you studying your Portuguese lesson?
There were two famous artists at the hotel.
There were nice pictures on that wall.
Mike is at home. His house is very comfortable.
Thomas is studying in Manaus.
The new bank is on Baker Street.
A horseshoe and a four-leaf clover bring good luck.
Independence day is on September 7th.
My birthday is in July.
Father is cooking dinner in the kitchen now.
They are at Broadway Avenue.
There is milk in the refrigerator.
Who is playing the piano in the living room?
There were strange guys at the bank this morning.
Robert is Brazilian. His father is Canadian.
There was a big rock concert in 1970.
Ewan is working at the supermarket now.
Beliefs are a product of our imagination.
He angrily closed the door.
I believe it to be him.
I believe it to be he.
The station is two meters away.
I am making too many mistakes.
I wish I was young again.
There's nothing better than taking a nice walk.
What were you up to last night?
Who was the telephone invented by?
I haven't kept any secrets from you.
When is the Apocalypse?
The fault of another is a good teacher.
I know a guy named Smith.
I am acquainted with one Mr. Smith.
I heard you.
Lonely people perpetuate their own loneliness through their fear of others.
Lonely people tend to be afraid of meeting others, which ensures they will always be lonely.
This has been the driest six months in thirty years.
Remember!
I'm not sure about this.
She's only a child.
Your accent is top notch!
You are seriously ill.
She's leaving the country in six months.
Someone named Henry wanted to see you.
We thought that it was natural that he should be punished.
Will you allow me to play the piano?
It's healthy to be mad.
It's healthy to be crazy.
Trying to impress the girls, Martin?
I don't give a shit about it.
They went fishing yesterday.
I don't like telling him the truth.
I don't like telling you the truth.
What is true is too simple, it can only be achieved by way of the complex.
Fear the revenge of the gherkin!
A cup of coffee cleared up my headache.
Do they have any good news?
John is still taking journalism classes at night.
They're leaving for the church now.
Mary is a big fan of theirs.
Everyone else is sleeping.
The group is introducing some songs from their new album.
The president is flying into town by helicopter.
I'm standing outside the church right now.
Thania's job is temporary.
They perform at Theatro Dom Pedro II all week.
There is much information to review.
Susan is working very hard these days.
The fans want to get their autographs.
Mike is waiting downstairs.
Afterwards I want to go to the hotel.
I'm preparing to interview my favorite group.
The writer is working on his new book.
Why is he touring again?
I'm so excited to see her after such a long time.
Why don't you take the cat out with you?
Many fans are gathering in front of the singer's car.
The company I worked for was downsizing. Unfortunately, I lost my job.
Tell your mother about the trip.
Envy is one of the seven deadly sins.
The trap is made of strong chains.
Birds are trapped by a lot of villagers.
He disliked school.
People use computers for both games and work.
Would you enjoy working from home?
Because he was color-blind, Dalton's eyes was not like those of most people.
Peter and Emma are just friends. There's nothing between him and her.
People want to find happiness easily.
All the girls think it is right.
Working at home, parents can spend more time at home with their children.
As a child, Einstein was late in learning to talk.
I don't fear the closeness between different peoples.
Most of what you learn can be got out of books.
This tool belongs to the man. Please, take it to him.
All the other boys laughed at him.
I can't believe you haven't even started it!
Father lost his job.
Father got laid off.
My nephew seldom puts his things in order.
The conversation between the singer and me was long.
He couldn't speak because the audience was too noisy.
I never visit my sister.
Einstein, at school, wasn't a bright boy.
More and more people have computers in their home.
They are in trouble. Can you help them?
Your son is playing with my tool. Tell him I need it here right now.
It was too cloudy to see the airplane.
We should study together.
On the other hand, there are some disadvantages.
Why has Thales been so withdrawn lately?
This road isn't very safe.
Working at home, the stress of travelling to work disappears.
The street is damaged.
He didn't really go to the church.
There were too many people there.
Some of the members were too noisy.
Next time, review more carefully.
The teacher said that you need to master the subject.
Water is much needed.
Your friendship is very important to me.
No matter how you look at it, Satoshi Kon was a top class director and mangaka.
Those plans seem nearly identical to me.
Those plans look almost the same to me.
We went biking in the woods yesterday.
What more could you want?
Who could ask for anything more?
A museum is a great place to find a date.
Dr. Thatcher diagnosed her patient with generalized anxiety disorder because his symptoms didn't point to other diagnoses.
She accompanied him on the piano.
She accompanied him to Japan.
She accused him of having lied to her.
She admired him.
She adores him.
She sold him her car.
She told him her age.
She advised him about what to do.
She advised him against doing it.
She advised him not to believe everything the teacher says.
She advised him not to borrow money from his friends.
She advised him not to buy a used car, but he didn't follow her advice.
She advised him not to buy a used car.
She advised him not to do that.
She advised him not to drink too much.
She advised him not to drive too fast, but he wouldn't listen to her.
She advised him not to drive too fast.
She advised him not to eat between meals.
She advised him not to go there by himself.
She advised him not to go.
She advised him not to smoke.
She advised him not to spend all his money on his girlfriend.
She advised him not to use too much salt, but he wouldn't listen to her.
She advised him not to use too much salt.
She advised him of the date for the next meeting.
She advised him on how to stay healthy.
She advised him on that matter.
She advised him on what books to read.
She advised him on which book to buy.
She advised him to save money.
She advised him to stay in bed for two more days.
She advised him that he should stay at home.
She advised him to be more careful.
She advised him to be punctual.
She advised him to become a teacher.
She advised him to catch the first train in the morning.
She advised him to come back at once.
She advised him to come by 2:30.
She advised him to cut down on smoking, but he didn't think that he could.
She advised him to cut down on smoking.
She advised him to do more exercise.
She advised him to drink more milk, but he didn't think this was good advice.
She advised him to drink more milk.
She advised him to exercise.
She advised him to fasten his seat belt.
She advised him to get exercise every day.
She advised him to get more exercise.
She advised him to give up drinking.
She advised him to give up smoking, but he wouldn't listen to her.
She advised him to give up smoking.
She advised him to go abroad while he was still young.
She advised him to go by bicycle.
She advised him to go home early.
She advised him to go on a strict diet.
She advised him to go there alone, but he didn't think that was good advice.
She advised him to go there alone.
She advised him to go there.
She advised him to go to the hospital, but he didn't follow her advice.
She advised him to go to the hospital.
She advised him to go to the police station, but he was afraid to.
She advised him to go to the police station.
She advised him to go to the police.
She advised him to keep his promises.
She advised him to leave earlier.
She advised him to listen to his doctor.
She advised him to lose weight.
She advised him to read more books.
She advised him to read those books.
She advised him to see a lawyer, so he did.
She advised him to see a lawyer.
She advised him to see the dentist, but he said he didn't have enough time to do so.
She advised him to see the dentist.
She advised him to stop drinking.
She advised him to stop smoking.
She advised him to stop taking that medicine, but he felt he needed to.
She advised him to stop taking that medicine.
She advised him to stop working so much.
She advised him to study harder.
She advised him to take a long holiday, so he immediately quit work and took a trip around the world.
She advised him to take a long holiday.
She advised him to take a rest, but he didn't follow her advice.
She advised him to take a rest.
She advised him to take better care of himself.
She advised him to take the medicine.
She advised him to take the money.
She advised him to talk about his life in America.
She advised him to tell his girlfriend that he loved her.
She advised him to visit Boston, because she thought it was the most beautiful city in the world.
She advised him to visit that museum.
She advised him to walk instead of taking a bus.
She advised him to work harder.
She advised him where he should stay.
She advised him where to stay.
She advises him on how to stay healthy.
She advises him on technical matters.
She agreed with him on what to do with the old car.
She agreed with him that I should go to the meeting.
She agreed with him.
She allegedly killed him in self-defense.
She allegedly killed him.
She allegedly murdered him.
She always says nice things about him, especially when he's around.
She always says nice things about him.
She always speaks to him in a loud voice because he's hard of hearing.
She always speaks to him in a loud voice.
She announced her engagement to him.
She apologized for having offended him.
She apologized to him for being late.
She approached him with a smile on her face.
She argued with him about money.
She argued with him about their children's education.
She argued with him and then hit him.
She asked him for some money to buy a new dress.
She asked him for some money.
She asked him how to get to the station.
She asked him how to turn on the machine.
She asked him if he knew my telephone number.
She asked him if he knew where I lived.
She asked him if he was a student at this school.
She asked him if he was happy.
She asked him if he was Joseph.
She asked him out on a date, but he said no since he thought girls should not ask boys out.
She asked him out on a date.
She asked him questions that he couldn't answer.
She asked him questions.
She asked him some questions, but he refused to answer.
She asked him some questions.
She asked him to call her later, but he forgot to.
She asked him to call her later.
She asked him to come into her house, but he refused.
She asked him to come into her house.
She asked him to give her some money so she could go to a restaurant with her friends.
She asked him to give her some money.
She asked him to help her father clean the garage, but he said that he was too busy to help.
She asked him to help her father clean the garage.
She asked him to marry her because he wouldn't ask her.
She asked him to marry her.
She asked him to not quit his job because they were poor and needed the money.
She asked him to not quit his job.
She asked him to read it for her because she had lost her glasses.
She asked him to read it for her.
She asked him to stay, but he didn't want to.
She asked him to stay, but he had to go to work.
She asked him where he lived, but he was too smart to tell her.
She asked him where he lived.
She asked him where Jessie was.
She asked him why he was crying, but he didn't answer.
She asked him why he was crying.
She asked me what had become of him, but I didn't know.
She asked me what had become of him.
She assured him that everything was OK.
She attacked him with a baseball bat.
She attacked him with a pair of scissors.
She attacked him with her fists.
She attacked him.
She avoided him whenever possible.
She beat him to death with a golf club.
She beat him to death.
She begged him to stay.
She believed him when he said he loved her.
She bit him.
She blackmailed him.
She blamed him for all her problems.
She borrowed the book from him many years ago and hasn't yet returned it.
She borrowed the book from him.
She bought a shirt for him to wear to the party.
She bought a shirt for him.
She bought him a camera that was too big to fit in his shirt pocket.
She bought him a camera.
She bought him a car, but he didn't have a driver's license so he couldn't drive it anywhere.
She bought him a car.
She bought him a dog.
She bought him a dog. However, he was allergic to dogs, so they had to give it away.
She bought him a sweater, but he hated the color.
She bought him a ticket.
She bought him some candy.
She brought him to our place to meet my parents.
She brought him to our place.
She called him a fool.
She called him a liar.
She called him bad names.
She called him every bad name she knew.
She called him every other day.
She called him on the phone.
She called him to say that she'd be late.
She called him.
She called to tell him that she'd be late.
She calls him every night and talks for at least an hour.
She calls him every night.
She caught him cheating on a test.
She caught him smoking a cigarette.
She choked him with her bare hands.
She choked him.
She claims that she knows nothing about him, but I don't believe her.
She claims that she knows nothing about him.
She complained to him about everything.
She complained to him about the food.
She complained to him about the noise.
She confronted him and demanded an apology.
She cooked a special dinner for him.
She cooks for him every day, but he doesn't appreciate it.
She cooks for him every day.
She cooks for him.
She couldn't convince him to accept a personal check.
She couldn't convince him to accept the bribe.
She couldn't convince him to ask for a loan.
She couldn't convince him to buy her a new car.
She couldn't convince him to give a speech.
She couldn't convince him to go home.
She couldn't convince him to ride a horse.
She couldn't convince him to write a song for her.
She couldn't fall asleep because she was thinking about him.
She couldn't help feeling sorry for him.
She couldn't take her eyes off him.
She cremated him against his wishes.
She cremated him within hours of his death.
She danced with him at the high school prom.
She danced with him.
She decided to marry him even though her parents didn't want her to.
She decided to marry him.
She defeated him.
She deliberately exposed him to danger.
She denied having met him even though we saw them talking to each other.
She denied having met him.
She despises him.
She devoted herself to him.
She did her best never to think of him.
She did her best to help him.
She did her best to persuade him.
She did her best to rescue him.
She didn't even try to do the right thing.
She didn't even try to help.
She didn't intend to let him drive.
She didn't intend to let him kiss her.
She didn't like him at first.
She didn't press him for an explanation.
She didn't try to evade the truth.
She didn't try to translate the letter.
She didn't want him to die.
She didn't want him to go out with other women.
She didn't want him to go overseas.
She didn't want him to leave the room.
She didn't want him to pamper the children.
She didn't want him to play poker.
She didn't want him to stay any longer.
She disguised herself as him.
She divorced him after many years of unhappiness.
She divorced him last year.
She divorced him.
She doesn't listen to him.
She doesn't live with him.
She doesn't want him to buy an expensive engagement ring.
She doesn't want him to go to Boston.
She doesn't want him to pick the flowers.
She dumped him because she thought he was a jerk.
She dumped him for a richer man.
She dumped him for a younger man.
She dumped him.
She expected him to buy her an expensive gift.
She expected him to leave town.
She expected him to solve the problem.
She expected him to take the bribe.
She explained to him how to solve the puzzle.
She explained to him why she couldn't visit him.
She explained to him why she didn't like his parents.
She explained to him why she was late for his party.
She explained to him why she was late.
She fell in love with him the first time she met him.
She first met him at a conference in Boston.
She first met him in Boston.
She first met him when they were students.
She followed him home; then killed him.
She followed him home to find out where he lived.
She followed him home.
She fooled him.
She forced him to do it.
She forced him to eat his vegetables.
She forced him to eat spinach.
She forced him to sit down.
She forgave him for killing her father.
She forgave him for losing all her money.
She forgave him.
She forgot that she bought him a present.
She forgot that she had promised to call him last night.
She forgot to write him.
She found him a seat.
She found him handsome.
She found him standing near the entrance.
She gave him a big smile.
She gave him a book.
She gave him a lot of money.
She gave him a massage.
She gave him a nice present.
She gave him a piece of paper.
She gave him a present.
She gave him a sweater on his birthday.
She gave him a sweater.
She gave him all the money that she had.
She gave him an expensive watch.
She gave him his first kiss.
She gave him mixed signals.
She gave him some food.
She gave him something cold to drink.
She gave him something hot to drink.
She gave him something to drink.
She gave him the brush off.
She gets along well with him.
She gives him everything he asks for.
She gives him the creeps.
She got engaged to him.
She got him a new hat.
She got him drunk.
She got him into trouble.
She got him to do anything she wanted him to do.
She got him to do everything she wanted him to do.
She got him to drive all the way to Boston.
She got him to drive.
She got him to eat his vegetables.
She got married to him.
She got no answer from him.
She got the money from him even though he said that he wouldn't give it to her.
She got the money from him.
She grabbed him by the hand and pulled him onto the boat.
She grabbed him by the hand.
She greeted him cheerfully as she always did.
She greeted him cheerfully.
She greets him every morning as he enters the school building.
She greets him every morning.
She had a good time talking with him about his trip.
She had a good time talking with him.
She handed him a book.
She handed him his jacket then opened the door and asked him to leave.
She handed him his jacket.
She handed him the money that she owed him.
She handed him the money.
She has been dating him for about two years.
She has forgiven him for everything.
She has forgiven him.
She has him under her thumb.
She has known him for a long time.
She has known him since they were very young.
She has never been in a car driven by him.
She has never danced with him.
She has never gone on a date with him.
She has never seen him.
She has never sung a song with him.
She has never visited him.
She has nothing in common with him.
She hated him so much that our family could never go and visit him.
She hated him so much.
She hates him.
She heard him cry in the middle of the night.
She heard him cry.
She heard him scream, so she ran into his bedroom.
She heard him scream.
She heard him sing his favorite song.
She heard him sing.
She held him by the sleeve.
She held him tightly and never wanted to let go.
She held him tightly.
She helped him tie his tie because he didn't know how to.
She helped him tie his tie.
She helped him.
She helps him.
She herself gave him something to eat.
She herself helped him because no one else would.
She herself helped him.
She hired him as an interpreter because she had heard that he was the best.
She hired him as an interpreter.
She hired him.
She hit him again and again.
She hit him hard.
She hit him with a hammer.
She hit him.
She hit me, not him.
She hugged him.
She idolized him.
She ignored him all day.
She ignored him almost all day.
She ignored him pretty much all day.
She ignored him until he became rich.
She ignores him completely.
She insulted him.
She intended to go shopping with her mother, but her mother was busy.
She intended to go shopping.
She intends to play tennis this afternoon with her father.
She intends to play tennis tomorrow afternoon.
She intends to play tennis.
She interrupted him while he was speaking to my father.
She interrupted him while he was speaking.
She introduced her sister to him more than two years ago.
She introduced her sister to him.
She introduced me to him at the party.
She invited him in for a cup of coffee.
She invited him in.
She invited him to her party.
She is being blackmailed by him.
She is blackmailing him.
She is cooking for him.
She is distantly related to him.
She is engaged to him.
She is good at imitating him.
She is helping him.
She is in love with him.
She is kind to him.
She is kissing him.
She is listening to him.
She is on friendly terms with him.
She is related to him by marriage.
She is related to him.
She isn't good enough for him.
She isn't kind to him.
She isn't kind to him. In fact, she's not kind to anyone.
She kicked him hard.
She kicked him.
She killed him with a knife.
She kissed him on the cheek.
She kissed him on the forehead.
She kissed him.
She kissed me, not him.
She knelt beside him and asked him what his name was.
She knelt beside him.
She knew better than to argue with him.
She knew better than to tell him such a story.
She knit him a sweater for his birthday.
She knit him a sweater.
She knows better than to argue with him.
She lay awake for hours thinking about him.
She liked Charles as soon as she met him.
She likes him.
She listens to him even though no one else does.
She listens to him.
She lived with him all her life.
She lives with him in a small apartment.
She lives with him.
She looked at him and knew that he was angry.
She looked at him angrily.
She looked at him with a smile on her face.
She looked him right in the eye.
She loved him with all her heart.
She loves him now more than she did before.
She loves him.
She made a bet with him.
She made friends with him in Boston.
She made him a cake for his party.
She made him a new coat.
She made him a simple dinner.
She made him clean his room.
She made him do it.
She made him rich.
She made it clear that she couldn't make it in time for the meeting.
She made it clear that she wanted to go for a swim.
She made it plain that she wanted to go to college.
She made it plain that she wanted to marry him.
She made up her mind to go to college.
She made up her mind to graduate from high school.
She makes him do his homework before dinner.
She married him even though she didn't like him.
She married him for his money.
She married him only because her parents made her.
She may have argued with him, but I don't think she could have hit him.
She met him for breakfast.
She met him on the beach.
She met him only recently.
She met him this morning.
She might have met him yesterday.
She missed him a lot.
She misses him, especially on rainy days.
She misses him.
She named him Charles.
She needs him more than he needs her.
She never thinks about him.
She nursed him back to health.
She obeys him no matter what he tells her to do.
She obeys him.
She often calls him names.
She often goes to the movies with him.
She often takes advantage of his ignorance.
She ordered him to clean up his room.
She ordered him to do it.
She owes him a lot of money, but she probably won't be able to pay it back.
She owes him a lot of money.
She persuaded him to do it even though she knew it wasn't a good idea.
She persuaded him to do it.
She persuaded him to marry her.
She phoned him as soon as she got home.
She picked him up at the station.
She pinched him.
She pleaded with him to not leave.
She pleaded with him to stay a little bit longer.
She pleaded with him to stay.
She pointed her finger at him accusingly.
She pointed her finger at him.
She praised him for his honesty.
She presented him with the trophy.
She pressured him to quit his job.
She pressured him to quit.
She prodded him to work harder.
She promised that she would meet him after school.
She promised to marry him, but she didn't.
She promised to marry him.
She promised to meet him last night, but she never showed up.
She promised to meet him last night.
She pulled him out of the mud.
She pushed him off the pier.
She pushed him out the door.
She pushed him out the window.
She raced him down the hill.
She recognized him immediately.
She rejected him.
She reminded him to go to the bank.
She reminds him of his mother.
She repulses him.
She returned his kiss.
She revealed the secret to him.
She risked her life to save him.
She said nothing that would make him angry.
She said something to him.
She said that she would follow him no matter where he went.
She sat next to him and listened quietly.
She sat next to him wishing she were somewhere else.
She sat next him with her eyes closed.
She sat next to him on the bus.
She sat next to him.
She saw him at the station.
She saw him break the window.
She saw him driving his new car.
She saw him eating a sandwich.
She saw him smile.
She scolded him because he left the door open.
She scolded him for being late.
She scolded him for not doing his homework.
She scolded him for not mowing the lawn.
She scolded him.
She sent him a long letter.
She sent him a message.
She sent him a postcard from Boston.
She sent him a postcard.
She shooed him outdoors.
She shook hands with him.
She shot him with a machine gun.
She shot him with a pistol.
She shot him with a rifle.
She shot him.
She shouted to him, but he didn't hear her.
She shouted to him.
She showed him a picture of her high school.
She showed him how to use the new software.
She showed him my picture.
She showed him to his seat.
She slapped him.
She smiled at him uneasily.
She smiled at him.
She spoke to him about the matter.
She stabbed him in the back.
She stabbed him with a knife.
She stabbed him.
She stared at him and that made him very nervous.
She stared at him in astonishment.
She stared at him with hatred.
She stared him in the face.
She started kissing him as soon as he got home.
She started pursuing him before he became famous.
She startled him.
She stays in touch with him.
She still loves him even though he doesn't love her anymore.
She still loves him.
She stole a lot of money from him, so now she is in prison.
She stole a lot of money from him.
She stood as close to him as she could.
She stood close to him.
She sued him.
She suffocated him with a pillow.
She suggested that I give it to him right away.
She suggested that I go to the store with him.
She suggested that I should clean the bathroom.
She suggested that I take him to the zoo.
She suggested that I write to him at once.
She surprised him when she arrived early.
She surprised him with a kiss.
She surprised him with a small gift.
She talked him into accepting the bribe.
She talked him into buying a new house.
She talked him into buying her a diamond ring.
She talked him into going to the concert.
She talked him into quitting his job.
She taught him everything she knew.
She taught him how to play the piano.
She taught him the tricks of the trade.
She teased him.
She tells him to give her all of his salary and he does.
She tempted him.
She thanked him for all his help.
She thanked him for his help.
She thinks about him all the time.
She thinks about him when she's feeling lonely.
She thought she could get him to like her.
She threatened him.
She threw him out.
She tied him to the chair.
She tied him up.
She told him a joke, but he didn't laugh.
She told him a joke, but he didn't think it was funny.
She told him a joke.
She told him all about her childhood.
She told him not to worry.
She told him that he was right.
She told him that her father had died.
She told him that it would rain all day.
She told him that she believed in astrology.
She told him that she didn't love him.
She told him that she had seen me there last week.
She told him that she loved him.
She told him that she was happy.
She told him that she was leaving.
She told him that she was sad.
She told him to rewrite his resume.
She told him to stop.
She told him to study.
She told him to try harder.
She told him where to put the suitcase.
She took him for all his money.
She took him to the lake.
She took him to the store.
She took him to the zoo.
She took pity on him.
She touched him on the shoulder.
She treated him like a king.
She treated him very well.
She tried to comfort him, but he kept crying.
She tried to persuade him not to decline the offer.
She tried to persuade him to attend the meeting.
She tried to persuade him to buy her a pearl necklace.
She tried to persuade him to go with her.
She tried to persuade him to organize a boycott.
She trusts him with her life.
She trusts him with her money.
She trusts him.
She understands him.
She urged him to consider the request.
She urged him to drive carefully.
She urged him to study harder.
She used to date him.
She used to enjoy being with him.
She used to go mountain climbing with him.
She used to hate him.
She used to help him with his homework.
She used to live near him.
She used to live with him.
She used to love him.
She used to play tennis with him.
She visited him in Boston.
She visited him on October 20th.
She visited him once a year.
She visits him quite often, but never stays very long.
She visits him twice a year.
She volunteered to go to the meeting with him.
She volunteered to help him.
She waited for him to call.
She waited for him to come home.
She wakes him up every day at 6:30.
She walked as fast as she could to catch up with him.
She walked past him without even noticing him.
She walked up to him and asked him what his name was.
She wanted him to help her father.
She wanted him to say that he loved her.
She wanted him to say that he would pay the bill.
She wanted him to sing her a song.
She wanted him to stay longer.
She wants him to be her friend.
She wants him to be just a friend.
She wants him.
She wants to go out with him.
She wants to hug him.
She wants to kiss him.
She wants to meet him again.
She wants to play golf with him.
She warned him not to go out at night alone.
She was about to call him up when he walked in the door.
She was advised by him not to borrow money from his friends.
She was advised by him not to go there by herself.
She was advised by him not to go.
She was advised by him on how to stay healthy.
She was advised by him on that matter.
She was advised by him to be more careful.
She was advised by him to be punctual.
She was advised by him to come back at once.
She was advised by him to get more exercise.
She was advised by him to give up drinking.
She was advised by him to give up smoking.
She was advised by him to go abroad while she was still young.
She was advised by him to go to the police.
She was advised by him to listen to her doctor.
She was advised by him to lose weight.
She was advised by him to stop smoking.
She was advised by him to work harder.
She was already in love with him.
She was asked not to speak at the meeting.
She was asked to convince him to get his son or someone else to paint the house.
She was asked to convince him to get his son to paint the house.
She was asked to convince him to paint the house.
She was asked to give him some money.
She was asked to help him paint the house.
She was blackmailed by him.
She was brought up by him.
She was determined never to talk to him again.
She was humiliated by him.
She was kissed by him.
She was looking forward to going sailing with him.
She was looking forward to going to a movie with him.
She was looking forward to playing table tennis with him.
She was looking forward to spending time with him.
She was ready to give him back all his money.
She was ready to help him with cleaning the house.
She was ready to help him with washing the car.
She was stupid enough to believe him.
She was stupid enough to go out with him.
She was supposed to attend the party with him.
She was supposed to call him at 2:30.
She was the first one to help him.
She was the first one to pay attention to him.
She was unable to completely give up her dream of traveling abroad.
She was unable to completely give up her hope of marrying him.
She was very rude to him.
She wasn't able to contact him by phone.
She wasn't able to meet him.
She wasn't able to talk to him.
She wasn't dancing with him then.
She wasn't friendly with him then.
She wasn't polite to him.
She watched him and the other boys playing baseball.
She watched him continue to fight as hard as he could.
She watched him dance.
She watched him draw a picture.
She watched him drawing a picture.
She watched him eat.
She watched him swim.
She waved at him.
She went for a walk with him this morning.
She went shopping with him last Monday.
She went to see him in the hospital every day.
She went to see him reluctantly.
She went to see him the other day.
She went to see him while he was staying in Boston.
She went to the airport to see him off.
She went to the station to see him off.
She went to the train station to see him off.
She went with him to Boston.
She went with him to the movies.
She went with him to the zoo.
She went with him.
She whispered something to him.
She witnessed him being killed.
She woke him up.
She worships him and the ground he walks on.
She worships him.
She wouldn't be happy with him.
She wouldn't even speak to him.
She wouldn't give him a gift.
She wouldn't give him the time of day.
She wouldn't go for a walk with him.
She wouldn't speak to him.
She writes to him every week.
She wrote him a long letter, but he didn't read it.
She wrote him a long letter, but she didn't mail it.
She wrote to him to tell him how wonderful he was.
She wrote to him to tell him that she couldn't come to visit next summer.
She wrote to him to tell him that she loved him.
She'd like him to come to her house at 2:30.
She'd like him to get in touch with her as soon as possible.
She'd like him to leave right away.
She'll be having dinner with him at this time tomorrow.
She'll love him forever.
She'll tell him about it when she comes back.
She's much happier than him.
She's much heavier than him.
She's older than him.
She's smarter than him.
She's taller than him.
She's two years older than him.
She's two years younger than him.
She's younger than him.
In Shogi, silver generals, lances, knights, and pawns all promote to gold generals.
She's two years younger than he.
She's two years older than he.
I couldn't be gladder!
This is the gladdest I've seen him since his mother died. He'd been in a funk for so long and, God, I was so worried about him.
She didn't advise him to do it.
She bought a couple of boots.
No gain, no lose, we are fully equal.
Life is not an empty shell.
Do not tell me what to do.
I as a human being, need respect.
I loved freedom all my life.
Sinicization is a process that is deeply rooted in the cultural dynamics of China.
She asked him to help his father to clean the garage, but he said he was too busy to help.
I live just over there.
Who does this suitcase here belong to?
To me, there aren't any fundamental differences between the cultures of these two countries.
We're all human beings, so in my opinion each country's culture is 90% the same.
Although people like to focus on the differences, I think that on the whole it's the same.
When answering this question, some people might put forward this kind of example: "Chinese people are very hospitable, whilst English people are more reserved."
Maybe this opinion is correct.
However, I've never been a guest in an English household that wasn't generous.
It seems that everyone likes to be generous in welcoming guests to their home.
If there are genuine differences between these two cultures, I think that the largest are certainly in what you think about foreigners studying your native language.
I think that English people might be more used to language learners than people in other countries.
This is due to English being a world language.
There are many people in the world studying English, so English people are used to learners' non-standard accents, their grammatical errors and so on.
The result is that English people usually have no problem understanding what foreigners say.
Of course, another explanation of this situation is that Chinese is harder to learn than English.
Furthermore, I still don't think this a huge cultural difference.
He was on the roof with his electric guitar.
People said that he is insane.
You need a bit of courage to say that you love him.
Sure!
I didn't know where to go.
Teach me how to fold a paper crane. I forgot how to fold it.
Doing your homework while watching TV, that's obviously wrong.
This page is not nicely printed so print it again.
It looks like tomorrow will be a very hot summer day.
I get weirdly sleepy when I listen to this song.
Don't say that you can't do it before trying. You're not even doing it so how can you say that you can't do it?
Mother, I'm sorry for causing you trouble all the time.
Please come home sometimes.
You're working hard, eh. But don't push yourself too hard.
If you go by Shinkansen, you'll be there in no time.
After, cook it on a low flame for minutes and you're done.
These charred bits are tasty.
I've been having a terrible headache since last night, I feel horrible, it's the worst feeling.
You'll fatten up if you eat that much.
I'm completely wet because of the heavy rain. Will you come and pick me up with your car?
Staying up late at night is very bad for your skin.
How was today's test?
Will it really be OK with this? Will it go well?
I'm itchy from mosquito bites. Do you have something for it?
What do you intend to do from now on? Do you have an objective?
I already told you not to smoke in your room.
Are you joking or are you serious when you say this?
If you ever decide to sell your old record collection, I want first dibs!
Speak gently to everyone.
Whether it rains or shines, it is my habit to take a walk around the Palais-Royal at five o'clock.
My worst apprehensions have come true.
Will you please act for me in the matter?
Can you please tell me your name once more?
What's this song? I've heard it before, but I can't remember the name.
I think that it might rain.
Man plans things, but the gods decide.
Appetite comes with eating, the thirst goes away with drinking.
The entire village left the next day in about thirty canoes, leaving us alone with the women and children in the abandoned houses.
She asked him to help his father clean the garage.
I don't want to go to school today.
Don't tantalize me.
I thought that was the case.
Let's be friends forever.
Let's always be friends.
If you cheat on me again, I definitely won't forgive you.
You can't believe anything that guy says.
You can't trust anything he says.
It would be great if we could meet again.
It's very windy and my hair got messed up.
My hair is a mess because the wind is very strong.
Isn't that skirt too short?
That skirt's too short, isn't it?
Wow, that looks tasty.
Wow! That looks delicious.
The number pi is approximately equal to 3.or 22/7. Its symbol is "".
You can make sounds by combining letters in Modern Greek. For example you can use  to make the sound "b",  to make the sound "d",  to make the sound "g" and  to make the sound "dj".
She likes red bayberries.
She likes Chinese bayberries.
Your face looks pale. Are you OK? Maybe it would be better if you went to the hospital, don't you think?
Hot weather will continue, so please watch out for food poisoning.
I'm anxious whether I'll do well at this new job.
Babies can become dehydrated from a high fever, so I was told that it would be better to send him to the hospital.
Don't put bell peppers in the bento.
My legs hurt because I walked a lot today.
It's about time you get an oil change on that car.
What clothes do you think I should put on to go to my date tomorrow?
I'm Tanaka and I just moved in next door. Please treat me well.
There's a huge spider in the room! Quick, exterminate it!
Please sit here and wait.
When you say this, you sound just like father.
I'm sorry. Tanaka is not there for the moment.
These items are yen for three.
Please sit on this chair and wait.
With those results, you won't be able to go to university.
The anpan from Kimura is really good.
It's the first sunny day in a long time, so the clothes should dry in no time.
Come on, tell me your cellphone email address.
And who would you be?
Make ten copies of that document and bring it to conference room number 1.
Buy some tofu on your way home.
By Jove! I forgot my wallet!
Oh no! I forgot my wallet.
That cake looks good too. Give me a small piece.
I love the girl I met yesterday.
Have you read the "Liaisons Dangereuses"?
My girlfriend also loves to drink.
I'm learning Czech.
The president fled from the capital.
How much for those trousers?
His wife teaches me Italian.
He's drawing a sketch of an apple.
Japan depends on Arab countries for oil.
Gods created women to tame men.
Two children are sitting on top of the fence.
Sleep is more pleasant than death. At least, there's not much difference.
Tom is a university student.
Are you a student or are you working?
I'm Farshad.
You two are really kind.
I'm happy when you're there.
I think it's better you stay here until the snow stops.
That day, it rained on and off all day.
If you don't understand, ask a question.
I can't drink alcohol.
Wisdom is a treasure for eternity.
On December 27th of the 12th year of the Taisho era, the crown prince was shot at by Nanba Daisuke.
Enter in a contractual agreement with me and become a young magical girl!
Please put your seal here.
I work in the State Department.
She went to Europe via America.
He bound the clothes together with a string.
It is feared that radiation will spread across every region of Japan, starting with Tokyo.
Play the Humppa!
If you want to learn a language well, learn it by yourself.
Maria called her Brasilian mother.
This thing is not a bear. It is the corpse of a bear.
Come!
The young woman was fighting the deadly illness, her heart full of hope.
When people are killed, they die.
What does the word "Tatoeba" mean?
There's a strong probability of a nuclear tragedy.
You must be seen by a doctor.
After being whipped, the prisoner replied.
In other words, you're stupid.
That girl is good-looking.
Mom is preparing a meal in the kitchen.
This is a strange sentence.
The man ate the bread.
When we married my parents gave me a house.
We are determined to protect the motherland.
In Hawaii, you can cruise all year round.
School was not essential in their lives.
He received an orphan.
There are many tourists in town.
Have you finished ordering?
Did you come to town?
That's very tall!
This is too expensive!
Wow, that's so big.
Laughter is a feature of mankind.
He plays baseball tomorrow.
I am working hard trying to learn English.
I can't speak French well.
I live in Canton.
That's Tony's book.
I love her so much I would die for her.
I don't understand Dutch. It's difficult.
The dog seems sick.
Stow away carefully the clothes you removed.
Want to drink something?
It's a no parking area here.
The old selection process for judges was very unfair.
Through the internet, we are now able to acquaint ourselves, deeply and in detail, with the mental activities of even the furthest people on the planet.
There is no smoking here.
I'm a big fan of Getter Jaani.
Check the suitability of the blood for transfusion.
There have been a lot of clothes lately that fit tightly and I don't like it. I prefer clothes with a loose design.
You can take up to ten books at the library.
Move quietly.
Shall we stop soon?
Let's stop here for today.
I can't stand cowards.
He leads a hectic life.
Nothing is holy.
The telephone is broken.
She might possibly know the answer.
There's a chance that she might know the answer.
If you are late in the morning, you will be late the whole day.
The wish to talk to God is absurd. We cannot talk to one we cannot comprehend.
Religion is too important a matter to its devotees to be a subject of ridicule. If they indulge in absurdities, they are to be pitied rather than ridiculed.
By a lie a man throws away and, as it were, annihilates his dignity as a man.
I would only believe in a God that knows how to dance.
No one dances sober, unless he is insane.
I speak Spanish to God, Italian to women, French to men, and German to my horse.
Then I sang a silly song about an ant who tried to wrestle a chewing gum.
What colour is Henri IV's white horse?
I bought a green couch yesterday, but I couldn't fit it through the door, so I had to return it.
That must be the reddest pimple in history.
I have drunken deep of joy, and I will taste no other wine tonight.
Mu shu pork is my speciality.
The more we study, the more we discover our ignorance.
The noise woke them up.
The noise woke her up.
I watched them skin a human being that day.
Whatever makes you happy.
Did you buy a return ticket?
Please speak kindly to everyone.
If the times go against you, then go with the times.
It's not the person that's ugly, but the clothes.
He has bad reputation of being dishonest.
I want to die with Getter Jaani.
And finally, twelve points to Estonia!
Storytelling rekindles the interest in narrative.
Data curation is the art of pampering data in a way that doesn't look like doctoring.
Gentlemen, at the beginning of this century, France was for all nations a magnificent sight.
The girls who go, sickle on their shoulders, to cut alfalfa for the rabbits.
Knowledge is like manure, it's only good when spread.
Charm is deceptive, and beauty is fleeting; but a woman who fears the LORD is to be praised.
Whatever happens, we have to be prepared.
You say that it is your custom to burn widows. Very well. We also have a custom: when men burn a woman alive, we tie a rope around their necks and we hang them. Build your funeral pyre; beside it, my carpenters will build a gallows. You may follow your custom. And then we will follow ours.
The human mind is never better disposed to gratitude and attachment than when softened by fear.
The more things change, the more they're the same.
You don't want to get lost, so take your mother's hand.
Good, good, you're a sweet child so you're going to bed now.
Did you know that if you mixed red and blue paint you obtained purple?
It was a scary movie. I think I'll have nightmares about it tonight.
You're ten years too young to be driving a Lexus.
This painting is nicely done. It looks just like Mom.
I can tell whether it's Dad or not by the sound of his footsteps.
TV's boring today.
You can't just answer emails from people you don't know.
I can't eat that much food by myself.
Even though the accident was six months ago, my neck still hurts.
Maybe it's time to change my hair and do a makeover.
I can think of him as a very good friend, but I can't think of him as a lover.
Aah, I'm somewhat angry!
The more things change, the more they stay the same.
Friends: a family of which we chose the members.
I must clean the bathroom right away.
We must trust women as much as we can trust the weather.
Cenovis is delicious.
Vegemite is awesome.
He broke up with his girlfriend; that's why he often tries to kill himself.
At first, I didn't like it, but it gradually became fun.
It's too late to apologize now.
Those without knowledge can do nothing, and those who can do nothing can eat nothing.
Do you have a complaint to make?
Do you have a problem with this?
Did you read this morning's paper? There was something written about students from this school.
There is nothing wrong with knowledge obtained by asking.
I don't know whether I can do it, but I'll try.
It's disgusting that you're sleeping in the movie theatre even though you came to see a movie!
If you burn yourself, quickly cool the burn with water.
The knee wound is now festering.
There's a thorn in my finger and I can't get it out.
You're in a good mood today. Did something nice happen?
Ouch! I stuck my finger in the door!
There are no difficult things in the world, but only weak-hearted people.
Life is merely a hospital where patients are possessed with the desire to change beds.
One drop of this poison is enough to kill people.
Yesterday, I talked for hours with my boyfriend. We hadn't seen each other for a week.
I will return at 6:30.
Women guess everything; they're only wrong when they think.
Everything is but a dream.
To conceal anything from those to whom I am attached, is not in my nature. I can never close my lips where I have opened my heart.
There is very little difference between one man and another; but what little there is, is very important.
The monuments of wit survive the monuments of power.
I do plainly and ingenuously confess that I am guilty of corruption, and do renounce all defense. I beseech your Lordships to be merciful to a broken reed.
Wives are young men's mistresses, companions for middle age, and old men's nurses.
In charity there is no excess.
Riches are for spending.
He'll never beat me.
No matter how experienced is the woman, a pure young man will be able to enjoy a pure love.
What's drinking? A mere pause from thinking!
I drink when I have occasion, and sometimes when I have no occasion.
A man who doesn't drink is not, in my opinion, fully a man.
Deep-seated preferences cannot be argued about  you cannot argue a man into liking a glass of beer...
The sway of alcohol over mankind is unquestionably due to its power to stimulate the mystical faculties of human nature.
When the wine goes in, strange things come out.
The joke loses everything when the joker laughs himself.
I like to be with you.
Aah, I'm angry for some reason!
Even though you came to the movie theater to see the movie, you fell asleep. That's terrible.
You'll sleep in the guestroom.
In this kanji we have only two components.
Her words were completely meaningless.
What she said was completely meaningless.
To cite usage against rule, in a constructed language, is insane.
There will be blood.
The presidential campaign starts getting speed. All moves will be allowed. There will be blood!
We found the boy sound asleep.
I'm glad I'm not a woman.
You're waking up quite early today. Do you have something?
Those glasses suit you.
I want to try and get a fish bone stuck in my throat.
It looks like a fish bone got stuck in my throat.
I'm happy because I am not a woman.
The transfer student in the other class is a super good looking guy.
The pen is the tongue of the soul.
Nobody can disturb a true friendship.
I won't give up because I have something worth fighting for.
I can't believe that this is happening. Please tell me that it's a lie!
I can't believe that this is happening. Can someone please tell me that it's a lie?
I met with an old woman.
I tell ya, you're in deep trouble, my lad.
Shortly after coming back to France, he decided to abandon his career as an economist in order to dedicate himself to his true passion: writing, in Spain.
Grief on the face is better than the stain in the heart.
True and good friendship must not be suspicious of anything.
In the principles of love, quick disappointments are usually described as remedies.
There may be love without jealousy, but there is none without fear.
Nobody can disrupt true friendships.
Seriously, people are so dumb.
Let's play house!
He believes himself to be infallible.
She was soon sound asleep because she was very tired.
I found the boy sound asleep.
When the fire broke out, he was fast asleep.
When the fire broke out, he was sound asleep.
I appreciate foreign languages!
The baby seemed to be fast asleep.
The baby was fast asleep in her mother's arms.
The baby was sleeping soundly in his mother's arms.
He was sound asleep.
The baby was sound asleep.
That old man was sound asleep when the bear came.
Every one of them went to see that movie.
If there's no water, there's no whisky.
A beard doesn't make a philosopher.
Tell me what you have in hand.
He arrived at age three in Tokyo.
They ran into the garden to save themselves from those blood-thirsty hounds.
I swam very well when I was a child.
The meeting is tomorrow.
You will never be alone.
A sleeping child is like an angel.
I am from Ecuador.
I am going with you.
Today is Saturday and tomorrow will be Sunday.
They say that "Hamlet" is the most interesting play in writing.
After he heard the news, Tom was in seventh heaven.
If one in one hundred rounds does not hit the target, it's not first-class shooting.
I don't remember when I met him before.
Their traces can still be found.
Hello, Meg, how are things?
My mother doesn't speak English very well.
His spouse is a Japanese woman.
Can you tell me the balance on my account?
Don't just read books. Go outside once in a while and get some exercise.
Every time he comes here, he orders the same dish.
Yesterday I walked to the park.
Are there any souvenir shops here?
You've already read the book?
The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy brown dog.
The prouder the individual, the harsher the punishment.
He's a typical Japanese man.
My son can already count to one hundred.
We will die sooner or later.
The blood pressure can't be determined.
I clean my teeth with a toothbrush.
It is possible to talk for a long time without saying anything.
I'm sorry, but I am against this project.
Honestly, I am not the most accurate person on earth.
Like cheese swimming in butter.
He said that he had met him a week ago.
You can spend the night at our place.
I found out that you had successfully passed the entrance exam. Congrats!
We lost a lot of time.
They were delayed due to heavy snowfall.
Almost everyone came.
What time did you go to sleep yesterday?
I don't have time to finish my homework.
His name was forgotten.
Good night and sleep well.
Wait for me, wait a second!
There is a TV in this room.
I'm curious to know why they removed my name from the list.
Here, this is for you!
Time passed very quickly.
That's my answer!
Did you bring cash or your credit card with you?
If you drive a car like that, you'll end up in the hospital.
Who can say what will happen in the future?
Have you seen that thick book?
How do they prepare this fish in France?
What is your favorite time of year?
She forgot to feed the dog.
I do not know whether to accept or to refuse.
I want to leave Paris.
He is now working in France.
This is my property.
They have a very nice veranda.
I've returned.
Although I was tired, I did what I was able to do.
May I use the telephone?
When was the last time we met?
You scared me! Don't sneak upon me from behind!
Properly listen to what I'm going to say.
You do nothing but complain! You're not the only one who's having a hard time.
I have to examine you.
I've got a boner.
The rooster crows at sunrise.
I have this briefcase in a different color.
I want to eat pizza tonight.
I'm here to help.
Can we provide assistance?
Cancer is the leading cause for hospice care.
That's all the information we need right now.
Your computer will restart several times during installation.
Nothing is as it seems.
You can't blame her for not knowing what she hasn't been taught.
We should learn from those who have gone before us.
We all need a star to steer our lives by.
One morning, I shot an elephant in my pajamas. How he got in my pajamas, I don't know.
Blacks need not apply.
On December 27th 1923, the crown prince was shot by Daisuke Namba.
There is neither God nor Buddha.
The company's insolvency forced it into receivership.
When advice will no longer help, nothing will.
You cannot add a real number and an imaginary number.
The children should go outside and play.
The heart beats more often with the flowering of love.
Please have some pie.
School starts April 8th.
I've never seen such a thing in my life, not once!
How was the concert?
There are more than 50,books in this library.
The treatment is going successfully.
Everyone makes mistakes sometimes.
What year did you finish from school?
I prefer not to eat meat because I'm vegetarian.
Commit these words to memory.
When I lived in the countryside, I could see millions of stars at night but I had no one with whom to share their splendor.
But he really wanted a son.
They make toys at this factory.
He is almost always home.
I compared this picture with that one.
The Cold War began after the Second World War.
She is currently in danger.
There is no God and no Buddha.
I don't know what happened to him.
Bees feed on nectar.
OK, take it.
Would you like to be rich?
Lie on your stomach.
Lie on your left side.
I quit smoking half a year ago.
Each price has its reason.
What we need now is a break.
Ido is the most beautiful and simple language.
I really like hard boiled eggs.
Living is my profession and my art.
It is easier to write a bad poem than to understand a good one.
How often do you eat fish?
We all speak English.
I found this book interesting from start to finish.
I'm in a terrible mood today because I don't have enough money.
Vladivostok is a city in Russia.
Do you like cats or dogs better?
I don't believe that black cats cause bad luck.
I don't understand this poem.
I would like to go to America one day.
I am so hungry that I could eat a cow.
Who's coming with me?
He attempted suicide.
I would like to eat.
Im learning Chinese in Beijing.
This website is more addicting than Facebook, and infinitely more useful.
I'll call them tomorrow when I return home.
I told him to send me one more ticket.
I don't want to be lame, I want to be cool!!
And why do you ask?
Thanks for the explanation.
I don't know what to do any more.
What options do I have left?
I can't do any better.
I understand your language.
Crack two eggs into a bowl, then whisk them together with some milk.
Add the dry ingredients and stir until the mixture becomes a dough.
Sear on each side over medium heat for - minutes.
The shapeless dress was very unflattering of her athletic figure.
An exploratory investigation was required to collect important data regarding the health of the ecosystem.
The soreness in her throat made swallowing extremely painful.
The end is nigh.
Continue stirring until the chocolate chips are mixed uniformly through the cookie dough.
If you take a nap here, you'll catch a cold.
If you dislike my way of doing things that much, why don't you just do it yourself instead.
sit-ups every day? That's completely impossible!
What are you worried about?
Let's do it at our own pace without hurrying.
Lately, I have been busy so I have not studied at all.
Brush your teeth properly before going to bed.
Have you ever heard the saying: "Lying leads to thieving?"
I can't come because I got sick.
I like them, foreign languages.
I like foreign languages.
The view from the summit is very nice.
We've come nearer to the sea. I can smell it.
Wow, that's pretty. The sea is shining.
Follow behind me.
There are clots in the blood.
Since a large area was devastated by the Tohoku earthquake of 2011, a sustained help effort is sought.
I work in a tourist agency.
Your whole life is before you.
You are nothing but a fool! I have to explain everything to you!
These days nobody believes in ghosts.
Divide the pizza in three.
I am sure that you will be satisfied.
Stop beating around the bush and tell me plainly what you want from me.
I bought fresh bread.
The cat was on the table.
While broth boils, friendship blooms.
I would like to see the car repaired as quickly as possible.
An apple sits on the table.
I shut up.
It's hard to quit smoking.
Get up.
Ive started learning Esperanto.
That's my final answer.
The rain stopped just long enough for me to dash into the cafe without getting wet.
Can I eat this orange?
I should be studying English, but I want to watch a movie.
The wintry weather lasted long into April the year before last.
She said that a good gin and tonic is like summertime in a glass, and it struck me as being too true.
Youre hard to clean up after!
Add the sugar and vanilla to the cream and beat vigorously until the cream thickens.
Instead of interacting with each other, each of the family members turned their attention to their mobile devices, engrossing themselves in their own entertainments.
Can I use a netbook while standing in a crowded train?
The film Helvetica is not so much about one particular typeface as it is about the last fifty years in Western graphic design.
What hat do you like?
Recently, there have been signs that the economy is picking up steam.
If you don't clean your room, you won't even have a place to stand, don't you think?
I intended to go straight back home, but I sort of wandered inside a bookstore.
Please pretend we never said this.
A man approached Yoko, concealing the sound of his footsteps.
Can you fix a flat tire on a bike? That kind of thing's a piece of cake.
Today, let's clean the floor until it shines.
Is this cage shark-proof?
The principle difference between lettering and typography is that typography is based on fonts, which are static letterforms, and letter shapes formed by lettering are fluid and malleable.
Typography is the discipline of using type to set texts into a form that is pleasant to read.
They say that the difference between art and pornography is all about the lighting.
We studied more than Chinese characters.
We studied Chinese for years.
These are not words.
These aren't words.
Paul is a natty dresser.
He was a good-looking but somewhat raffish young gentleman.
He wore a jaunty coat of chocolate-colored velvet, with diamond buttons, and with two huge pockets which were always filled with bones, dropped there at dinner by his loving mistress.
How ridiculous I was as a Marionette! And how happy I am, now that I have become a real boy!
A tricorn trimmed with gold lace was set at a rakish angle over a wig of white curls that dropped down to his waist.
Knead the dough with both hands until it becomes elastic.
All the tales of miracles, with which the Old and New Testament are filled, are fit only for impostors to preach and fools to believe.
A miracle is an event described by those to whom it was told by people who did not see it.
I'm sorry, but I'm busy right now.
You didn't know that either.
The curtain caught on fire.
Presence of all members is obligatory.
Is your school far away from your house?
He collected an entire bucket of water.
While he was talking, there was the sound of a shot being fired.
They tell me jokes, and then I forget them.
Did you give birth at home or at a maternity hospital?
"What does this have to do with me wanting to get my hair cut?" "They have hair in London?"
Did you know that if you plug a pickle into an electrical outlet, it glows and makes buzzing noises?
Takeshi is always bossed around by his sisters.
I'm not good at thinking logically.
I don't think that's the case.
Suzanne is two years older than me.
Her novel was translated into Japanese.
The dog is yours.
The student became an acquaintance of this girl last year.
I'm thinking about visiting my friend next year.
I love Monday!
Japanese are Asians.
I'll go meet him soon.
This girl is the flower of the school.
There's a rock in my shoe.
There are fifty stars on the American flag.
The nurse applied a medicine to the affected part.
I had an accident.
I'm just going to take a nap.
Our galaxy is called the Milky Way.
Do you believe that the universe began as a small ball of fire?
The theory of the Big Bang was proposed in and expanded in 1929.
We know of more than billion galaxies.
The Milky Way is huge.
Father doesn't eat dessert.
The universe was born more than billion years ago.
I never imagined that I could be as contented as I am with you as my companion.
He held her hand in a firm clasp.
Three cubed is twenty-seven.
I really have to be going.
I'll see you tomorrow at the library.
The pen is on the table.
You are just saying that.
Remember me to your family.
I wish you a happy birthday.
She is an industrial designer.
That film was a great draw.
It's only a matter of time.
We do not just use language to say things, but to do things.
I don't want to fail the test.
Please forget what we talked about earlier.
A marriage is not legal unless certain declarations are made.
The procedure must be executed correctly and completely.
Consequent conduct is specified.
Go free, my beloved sentence.
Silvio Berlusconi is the chief of his party.
There are happy people and unhappy people.
A scanner allowed one to determine if one's leg was really broken.
Her coat wasn't appropriate for the occasion.
His story wasn't appropriate for the occasion.
It's still too hard to find a job. And even if you have a job, chances are you're having a tougher time paying the rising costs of everything from groceries to gas.
This is a time of year when people get together with family and friends to observe Passover and to celebrate Easter.
We're gonna make sure that no one is taking advantage of the American people for their own short-term gain.
We need to invest in clean, renewable energy.
I thought that he was angry.
Difference between the past, present, and future is nothing but an extremely widespread illusion.
I always leave my umbrella in the train.
The major religions in China are Taoism, Buddhism, Islam and Christianity.
Of these, Taoism is a native religion, the others having been introduced from foreign lands.
Taoism was founded on the teachings of Laozi, a sage born in B.C. in present-day Henan Province.
He taught contemplation as a means of spiritual purification and the attainment of the Dao, a principle that signifies the highest spiritual ideals of mankind.
His teachings are incorporated in a profound book Daode Jing which Taoists regard as the final authority and doctrines of the religion.
It is generally believed that Buddhism first came to China in A.D. during the reign of Emperor Mingdi of the Eastern Han Dynasty.
Afterwards, because it was sanctioned by many of the successive dynasties Buddhism became widespread and had a tremendous impact on the development of Chinese thought, culture and art.
Islam first reached China about the middle of the 7th century.
As commercial and cultural contacts between East and West developed, Arab and Persian traders began calling on China along the Silk Road in increasing numbers.
That's chicken.
In 1807, Robert Morrison, the first British Protestant missionary to China arrived in Guangzhou.
He and a colleague who went to China later translated The New Testament into Chinese.
I never dreamt that our company would expand its business to the U.S.
Once, Zhuangzi dreamed he was a butterfly, but when he woke up, he wasn't sure whether he was Zhuangzi who had dreamt being a butterfly or if he was a butterfly now dreaming he was Zhuangzi.
Mayuko dreamt a strange dream.
She dreamt a pleasant dream.
She dreamt a strange dream.
Strange to say, I dreamt the same dream twice last night.
I dreamt a dream last night, about silk and fine cloth or about equality and fair trial.
I little dreamt of seeing you here.
In her elementary school days, Mary dreamt of becoming a teacher.
During the bubble, people dreamt of a life of leisure.
I never dreamt of there being such a quiet place.
From childhood I dreamt of being a pastry cook.
Remembering when I dreamt in your arms.
Never have I dreamt of marrying you.
I never dreamt that I would win first prize.
Such things as television and computers could not have been dreamt of fifty years ago.
He intentionally stepped on my foot on the train.
There is: it is in the heart of the Chinese people.
The more I think, the less I understand.
There was nobody.
The criminal is nervous.
China is facing a problem with exploding watermelons.
How about your father?
The more I think about it, the less I understand it.
I was already employed at a restaurant.
I thought he was angry at me because I didn't help him build his house.
I thought she was angry at me because I didn't pay the bill in time.
I thought they were angry with me because I didn't help them wash the car.
I thought she was angry and would just go away.
I thought you were only angry with me and not with the rest of my family.
I knew he was angry, but I didn't think he was that angry.
I knew he was rich, but I didn't think he was that rich.
I had heard that he was fat, but I didn't think he would be that fat.
My brother told me that she was very beautiful, but I didn't think she would be that beautiful.
Just as he was getting the hang of things, he got fired.
Just as he was getting the hang of things, they changed all the rules.
Just as I was getting the hang of things, they changed the system.
It's a shame that I had to quit my job just when I was getting the hang of things.
Just when I was getting the hang of things, I was in a traffic accident and had to stay two months in the hospital.
Don't ever compare your wife to another woman.
What should I feed my dog?
What kind of food should I be feeding my dog?
How often should I feed my dog?
When should I feed my dog?
When should I stop feeding my dog puppy food?
What brand of dog food do you feed your dog?
How many times a day should I feed my dog?
What do you feed your dog?
I don't know what to feed my dog.
I feed my dog two cups of dog food every evening.
I feed my dog once a day.
I feed my dog just before I eat dinner.
I don't feed my dog in the morning.
I never feed my dog raw meat.
I only feed my dog dry dog food.
I have never fed my dog a banana.
How much should I feed my dog?
How much food should I be feeding my dog?
How much should I be feeding my dog?
How often and how much should I feed my dog?
How much do you feed your dog?
Is it OK to feed my dog lettuce?
Is there any problem with feeding my dog ice cream?
Is it OK to feed my dog the same thing that I feed my cat?
I would never feed my dog commercial dog food.
I feed my dog meat at least once a week.
I would rather feed my dog before we eat.
Some dog owners wonder if it's OK to feed their dogs fish.
Some dog owners wonder if they are feeding their dogs enough.
Many dog owners only feed their dogs once a day.
Do you think it's a good idea to feed your dog table scraps?
When is the best time to feed your dog?
My neighbor's dog won't eat dry dog food.
My vet told me to feed my dog in the evening.
My vet won't feed his dog commercial dog food.
I had trouble deciding which brand of dog food to feed my dog.
If you feed your dog properly, you can increase his lifespan.
I used to feed my dog twice a day.
How do I get my dog to eat dog food?
Why won't my dog eat dog food?
Some people have trouble getting their dogs to eat dog food.
I have two dogs and I try to feed them each the same amount of food.
I have always fed my dog the dog food that comes in the big green bag.
Have you ever tried feeding your dog peanut butter?
When I was feeding my dog, I noticed that the gate had been left open.
After the game, he went straight home to feed his dog.
He decided to feed his dog the rabbit that he had shot earlier that day.
She wasn't wealthy enough to feed her dog meat every day.
She would often bring home table scraps from the restaurant where she worked to feed to her dog.
She always fed her children before she fed her dog.
The only time he feeds the dog is when his wife is away on a trip.
I saw the old man feed his dog chicken bones.
After she lost her job, she couldn't afford to feed her dogs, so she gave them away.
She sold all of her furniture, so she could afford to feed herself and her dog.
She needed some money to buy something to feed her dog.
Even though her vet told her not to, she continued to feed her dog raw vegetables.
The restaurant owner allowed her to take table scraps home to feed all of her dogs.
My mother asked me not to feed the dog until after we had all eaten.
She is the one who feeds our dog.
She feeds her dog the same thing that she eats.
She feeds her dog a meat-free diet.
I have a friend who feeds his dog strawberries.
Against my advice, he fed his dog some raw pork.
I fed my dog what I thought was good quality dog food.
I've always fed my dogs in the early evening.
For the past years, I've fed my dog dry dog food.
I used to think it didn't really matter what I fed my dog.
I do not and never will feed my dog raw fish.
I never let anyone else feed my dog.
I've heard that it is best to always feed your dog at a specific time every day.
He fed his dog at the same time every day.
He usually fed his dog cheap dog food.
He listened to the news on the radio as he fed his dog.
Will feeding my dog garlic cause any problems?
Pavlov rang a bell whenever he fed his dogs.
Pavlov rang a bell just before he fed his dogs.
She loves Tom more than she loves me.
Even though Trang continued to say that she loved him, Spenser couldn't do anything but fear that she would stop caring for him.
When I was abroad I went to see your uncle.
The coat doesn't have any pockets.
Her house is surrounded by a white fence.
The climate of England isn't as mild as Japan, but in the summer, it's much cooler.
He behaved like a madman.
She embroidered her own initials on the white handkerchief.
He is a young man who really has the air of a student.
Many trees lose their leaves in the winter.
In the winter, days are shorter.
Fresh vegetables are very expensive in the winter.
Strawberries are expensive in the winter.
Strawberries sell for a high price in the winter.
It would be stupid to climb that mountain in the winter.
It would be crazy to climb that mountain in the winter.
Since my room faces south, it isn't so cold even in the winter.
The climate here is very mild, so it seldom snows here even in the winter.
Since the climate here is very mild, it seldom snows here even in the winter.
In countries such as Norway and Finland, they have lots of snow in the winter.
I often catch colds in the winter.
There are a lot of fires in the winter.
I can't do without a coat in the winter.
You shouldn't climb such a high mountain in the winter.
It would be better if you didn't climb such a high mountain in the winter.
Shall we meet tomorrow?
Would you like to meet tomorrow?
What do my hobbies bring to my life?
My hobbies are not only wide-ranging but also useful.
In my view, everyone should have intellectual hobbies as well as an interest in physical activities.
In terms of intellectual hobbies, I really like learning Chinese characters.
Normally I might study Chinese characters for an hour a day.
Last time I counted, I estimated that I know around Chinese characters.
It's obvious that I spend too much time studying Chinese characters, so I ought to study other aspects of the language more.
Apart from languages, I'm also interested in technology.
I think that computers can help students use more effective study methods.
I use all kinds of software to study Chinese.
Of those, the one I use most often is a flashcard system.
I often read English and Chinese blogs online.
Because Chinese blogs use a lot of slang, I usually don't understand them that well, but I still think it's good for my Chinese.
I also run my own website, to try and record my progress and to help other people a little bit.
As for physical exercise, although I loathe most sports (I think they're really boring), I do like going to the gym to lift weights.
Every other day I go with a friend; we lift weights whilst chatting together.
Because there's the chance to help each other, as well as some healthy competition, I think going to the gym with friends is the best way.
When you're about to have exams, lifting weights really does relieve stress, and it's also good for your mind and body.
All in all, I think my hobbies are balanced; they bring some relaxation to my life, and at the same time bring focus to my studies.
Say no more!
China is said to be playing hardball in the Southern Seas.
John works in neuromarketing.
I don't want to think about anything anymore.
Men have a longer ring finger than index finger, while both fingers tend to be the same length for women.
Perfumes are often made from the sweat of various male animals.
Language reflects daily experience.
They enjoy the highest standing.
It was a mess in the department store.
My shoulder hurts.
At that time, the city is full of people who'll either try to sell you drugs, steal your pizza, or ask you for change.
Iceland has many volcanoes.
She is addicted to Farmville.
Oh, it's already this late. I have to go.
Going out with those clothes? They look kinda bad.
This smells great! What are you cooking?
Are you going out in those clothes? How uncool!
"Do you want to buy it?" "Yes."
Her reputation was hurt a lot by this.
Her dress attracted everyone's attention at the party.
If your country doesn't let you camp for your rights, but lets you do so to see Justin Bieber, paste this on your wall.
Right now there are types of Spaniards: the ones who are willing to vote for corrupt and indicted politicians, and the ones that aren't.
Her behavior isn't normal for a young girl.
Her clothes were made of very cheap material.
Her hair was long enough to reach the floor.
Nothing is useful to anything.
I want to study Japan's history at university.
Binge drinking can damage the amygdala.
The pat on the back was offensive.
The politician's speech was offensive.
What kind of logic is this: if it is not yours, it must be mine?
What kind of logic is this: one's always wrong, until proved right?
The British and the French came around, took a map and drew up a few lines here and there.
He's as sweet as can be.
I guess having zero shame is the price of genius.
This is an embarrassment in and of itself.
Sticking up philosophical words together won't make you more of an intellectual.
He ordered a chop suey.
The train will depart soon.
Yesterday, I asked Hiromi out on a date, but she rejected my offer out of hand.
Yesterday, I ran into my teacher at the amusement park.
Please tell me what you think about this article.
The wind feels great today.
I don't want to talk to that bloke ever again.
I have lots of things I need to do today.
I haven't slept well recently, so my skin is falling apart.
Her heart burst with gladness to see her husband return home from his overseas tour of Iran.
We woke up very early in order to see the sunrise.
Stop the car here.
This place still looks the same as it did a long time ago.
Getter Jaani is very sweet.
Getter Jaani is the best singer in the Eurovision Song Contest 2011.
Taro, dinner is ready.
He sat down to read a story.
How did their glasses get swapped? Even they themselves didn't understand it!
If actions are stronger than words, why is the pen mightier than the sword?
She tried to discombobulate me.
Today is the oldest I've ever been, and the youngest I'll ever be again.
Do radioactive cats have half-lives?
Toasters don't toast toasts, people do.
Are babies natural or man made?
I saw his car make a right turn.
They're crazy, those Romans!
Alfonso VI found a vast number of books when he conquered Muslim Toledo in 1085.
Is there another word for synonym?
Jimmy insisted that I take him to the zoo.
I'm still undecided.
A man with a watch knows what time it is, a man with two watches is never sure.
God cannot make a triangle with more than degrees.
When you die do you become closer to God because you no longer exist?
I don't care if the early bird gets the worm, I want to sleep.
If pro is the opposite of con is the opposite of progress Congress?
The next sentence is false.
The previous sentence is true.
I'll have skim milk.
He explained the plan's main objective.
Should I tell him?
He's a friend from work.
The child drew a spherical triangle.
I don't even butter my bread; I consider that cooking.
After I die, I hope that people will say of me: "That guy sure owed me a lot of money."
If you get invited to your first orgy, don't just show up naked.
The tooth fairy teaches children that they can sell body parts for money.
Recently, I've been suffering from lack of sleep, so my skin is crumbling.
An atom is made out of protons, neutrons and electrons.
If we hide a part of the body, it's to better draw attention towards it.
It is not death that I fear, but dying.
We can only abuse of things that are good.
I'm looking for a present for my mother.
I'm actually a mutt.
This is a copy of a photo of a painting. I guess that makes it a third level simulacrum.
I can endorse that.
Not that he couldn't, but he's too lazy a man to do it.
I don't give a damn what they think.
She approved of the wedding.
He smiled to her with knowing glances.
Wishing to be sincere in their thoughts, they first extended to the utmost their knowledge. Such extension of knowledge lay in the investigation of things.
Where are the plates?
Is there salt left?
He went his way, I go my way.
This is a flamethrower. It throws flames.
Brulio was tired of translating sentences and went to bed.
To my surprise, he was good at singing.
To our surprise, he was good at singing.
Surprisingly, he was good at singing.
Much to our surprise, he was good at singing.
Her mind would not accept that new idea.
Her condition took a turn for the worse last night.
Her condition got worse last night.
Her condition grew worse last night.
Her account of the incident agrees with yours.
His account of the accident agrees with yours.
The fingerprints left on the weapon match the suspect's.
My answer matches yours.
Her dress is blue with white polka dots.
To put it bluntly, the reason this team won't win is because you're holding them back.
I've been on my own these past few months.
Her health has been declining these past few months.
The computer is to her left.
Her unusual behavior caused our suspicions.
Her new husband turned out to be a bad person.
To tell the truth, we learned that her new husband was a terrible guy.
Please telephone him.
Please phone him.
Please call him.
Her explanation of the problem was nonsense.
Her explanation of the problem made no sense.
Please give him a call.
Electric cars can be recharged at home.
I like playing basketball.
Her house is near the park.
My house is very near the park.
Her house is close to the park.
Our school is right near the park.
I lived in Sasayama for three years.
Her many puppies run around in the yard every day.
This application needs more features.
No one noticed her absence until the end of the meeting.
Nobody noticed that she was absent until the end of the meeting.
Nobody noticed that she was absent until the meeting ended.
No one noticed her absence until the meeting ended.
Her husband plans to publish a new monthly magazine.
It's likely that she'll succeed.
There's a possibility that she'll succeed.
She has 3,books in her library and many of them are first editions.
Her library has 3,books and includes many first editions.
Her composition is very good except for two or three spelling errors.
Her condition is improving after the operation.
Do you mind if I open the door?
There is an urgent need for a more effective method of treating this disease.
There is an urgent need for a new approach to dealing with this problem.
There is an urgent need for a new policy.
There is an urgent need for a new system.
There is an urgent need for affordable housing.
There is an urgent need for better communication.
There is an urgent need for blood donations.
There is an urgent need for blood donors.
There is an urgent need for clean energy.
There is an urgent need for donations.
There is an urgent need for drinking water.
There is an urgent need for experienced pilots.
There is an urgent need for food and water.
There is an urgent need for improved living conditions.
There is an urgent need for medical supplies.
There is an urgent need for money.
There is an urgent need for more doctors.
There is an urgent need for more money.
There is an urgent need for more people to donate their time and money.
There is an urgent need for new ideas.
There is an urgent need for peace talks.
There is an urgent need for people to help clean up the environment.
There is an urgent need for qualified teachers.
There is an urgent need for revisions.
There is an urgent need for shelter.
There is an urgent need for social change.
There is an urgent need for good legal advice.
There is an urgent need for teachers with science backgrounds.
There is an urgent need for the international community to help feed hungry children.
There is an urgent need for the local government to help the homeless.
There is an urgent need for them to update their system.
There is an urgent need for understanding how climate change will affect our lives.
There is an urgent need for volunteers.
There is an urgent need for water.
He did better than last time.
I think it's time for me to abandon that idea.
I think it's time for me to abandon that plan.
I think it's time for me to accept responsibility for that problem.
I think it's time for me to admit that I never cared about you.
I think it's time for me to apologize to her.
I think it's time for me to ask for directions.
I think it's time for me to ask for her help.
I think it's time for me to ask for his advice.
I think it's time for me to buy a decent camera.
I think it's time for me to buy a decent car.
I think it's time for me to buy a house.
I think it's time for me to buy a new camera.
I think it's time for me to buy a new car.
I think it's time for me to buy my daughter a decent computer.
I think it's time for me to buy my son a car.
I think it's time for me to call a doctor.
I think it's time for me to call it a day.
I think it's time for me to call it quits.
I think it's time for me to change jobs.
I think it's time for me to change my plans.
I think it's time for me to clean the chimney.
I think it's time for me to clean the garage.
I think it's time for me to close the window.
I think it's time for me to come clean.
I think it's time for me to confront that problem.
I think it's time for me to consider going on a diet.
I think it's time for me to consult a doctor.
I think it's time for me to consult a lawyer.
I think it's time for me to contact her.
I think it's time for me to contact him by phone.
I think it's time for me to discuss the matter with him.
I think it's time for me to discuss the problem with her.
I think it's time for me to do my homework.
I think it's time for me to get a bit of exercise.
I think it's time for me to get a dog.
I think it's time for me to get a job.
I think it's time for me to get a new email address.
I think it's time for me to get a new job.
I think it's time for me to get a new pair of glasses.
I think it's time for me to get my eyes checked.
I think it's time for me to get my own place.
I think it's time for me to give her a ride home.
I think it's time for me to give up on this relationship.
I think it's time for me to go back to work.
I think it's time for me to go to bed.
I think it's time for me to go.
I think it's time for me to join the fight.
I think it's time for me to leave for school.
I think it's time for me to leave now.
I think it's time for me to leave.
I think it's time for me to lose some weight.
I think it's time for me to make some new friends.
I think it's time for me to move into a smaller home.
I think it's time for me to move on.
I think it's time for me to move to the suburbs.
I think it's time for me to mow the lawn.
I think it's time for me to organize a party.
I think it's time for me to put new bait on the hook.
I think it's time for me to reconsider how I've been living.
I think it's time for me to refill this prescription.
I think it's time for me to retire.
I think it's time for me to return to Boston.
I think it's time for me to say goodbye.
I think it's time for me to say what I really think.
I think it's time for me to sharpen my pencil.
I think it's time for me to shove off.
I think it's time for me to show you how to do that properly.
I think it's time for me to speak up.
I think it's time for me to spend a little time with my children.
I think it's time for me to split some more firewood.
I think it's time for me to split.
I think it's time for me to start cooking dinner.
I think it's time for me to start taking my responsibilities seriously.
I think it's time for me to step aside.
I think it's time for me to stop allowing her to always have her own way.
I think it's time for me to study.
I think it's time for me to take a break.
I think it's time for me to talk to the boss about this problem.
I think it's time for me to throw a little party.
I think it's time for me to turn off the TV.
I think it's time for me to turn on the radio.
I think it's time for me to walk away from this mess.
I think it's time for me to wash my car.
I think it's time for me to wash this shirt.
I think it's time for me to write my mother another letter.
I think it's time for us to come to an agreement.
Women! The knife grinder is arrived!
Life is but a flash of lightning, beauty lasts for a single day! Think about the skulls of the dead that are all alike.
Tatsuo likes looking at aircraft landing gears.
Akiji is a soldier turned teacher.
It's just between you and me, but Kazuo's wife is pregnant.
He comes from Genoa.
He comes from Geneva.
Isaac was a leader of the Jewish people.
What is the distance between New York and London?
Muiriel is very good at telling invented stories.
The exquisite corpse will drink the new wine.
I could go for some pizza right now.
Ignore him.
I get you.
This is your doing!
Quiet down.
Hurry back.
Kids go to school to study.
I'm full!
I can answer your question.
I have no idea why he did that.
You're never satisfied!
I bared my soul to her.
It's later than you think.
Happiness is determined by your heart.
Improper grounding can make a microphone lethal to touch. Several singers have actually died this way.
Grounding and other bog-standard punishments didn't get through to his son at all.
She is prepared for the interview tomorrow.
Friendship lasts longer than memories.
Life is but a flash of lightning and beauty lasts only a day! Think of the skulls of the dead that all are alike.
I better drink my own piss.
She penned a tell-all memoir of her affair with the president.
Taking a vacation just means you work from somewhere else.
I don't want to drink anything cold.
China gives me many different impressions.
Firstly, I think that the first time each foreigner is in China, the earliest impression is certainly the size of the country.
I still remember the first time I was in China; I was in Shandong, and I realised that that province alone is twenty six thousand square kilometres bigger than England.
Because it's a developing country, some aspects of China aren't as good as those in Western countries.
However, other aspects have already surpassed the standards of many Western countries.
For example, China's public transport is without a doubt better than the UK's, but the UK's public welfare may be better than China's.
This kind of strange situation typifies my impressions of China.
In China's agricultural and industrial areas, some people are still very poor.
I have a passport.
The chairman is going to resign.
Is the chairman going to resign?
Ken kissed Tom's girlfriend.
I'm not able to translate this sentence.
If this part is affirmative, why is this other part a question?
We tried to put out the fire but we were unsuccessful. We had to call the fire brigade.
If you gamble on the stock market, you are an investor... If you gamble on the derivatives market, you are a trader... If you gamble at the casino, you are a loser... Morality?
Just because he repeatedly parrots this phrase doesn't mean its worthwhile.
This is all brain dead regurgitation of a lazy theory.
I solved that problem by myself.
The girl under the tree looks sad.
Your teacher won't be pleased.
"Did you know that the neighbor's daughter is already married?" "You don't say! She's only eighteen!"
"Did he take his job?" "Yes, he is located higher up in the food chain."
He is a figment as much as a figure.
Run!
Last Wednesday my dog passed away. She was 16.
I hate so-called "days" language courses.
You haven't got the balls to translate this sentence.
Dry wood burns well.
There's not a joy the world can give like that it takes away.
There was a laughing devil in his sneer.
Forgive me my nonsense as I also forgive the nonsense of those who think they talk sense.
Earths the right place for love: I dont know where its likely to go better.
Happiness makes up in height for what it lacks in length.
In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life  It goes on.
It is nevertheless a good sentence.
It's a good sentence, anyway.
There is no foreign land; it is the traveller only that is foreign.
For my part, I travel not to go anywhere, but to go. I travel for travel's sake. The great affair is to move.
To be what we are, and to become what we are capable of becoming, is the only end of life.
Youth is wholly experimental.
Our business in this world is not to succeed, but to continue to fail, in good spirits.
To be overwise is to ossify; and the scruple-monger ends by standing stockstill.
You could read Kant by yourself, if you wanted; but you must share a joke with someone else.
Idleness, which is often becoming and even wise in the bachelor, begins to wear a different aspect when you have a wife to support.
Falling in love is the one illogical adventure, the one thing of which we are tempted to think as supernatural, in our trite and reasonable world.
The cruelest lies are often told in silence.
There is a strong feeling in favour of cowardly and prudential proverbs.
Most of our pocket wisdom is conceived for the use of mediocre people, to discourage them from ambitious attempts, and generally console them in their mediocrity.
Old and young, we are all on our last cruise.
The time would fail me if I were to recite all the big names in history whose exploits are perfectly irrational and even shocking to the business mind.
Shelley was a young fool; so are these cocksparrow revolutionaries. But it is better to be a fool than to be dead.
For Gods sake give me the young man who has brains enough to make a fool of himself!
To equip a dull, respectable person with wings would be but to make a parody of an angel.
Age may have one side, but assuredly Youth has the other. There is nothing more certain than that both are right, except perhaps that both are wrong.
Books are good enough in their own way, but they are a mighty bloodless substitute for life.
Perpetual devotion to what a man calls his business, is only to be sustained by perpetual neglect of many other things.
There is no duty we so much underrate as the duty of being happy.
A happy man or woman is a better thing to find than a five-pound note.
To travel hopefully is a better thing than to arrive.
Many's the long night I've dreamed of cheese  toasted mostly.
Bright is the ring of words when the right man rings them.
In real life, help is given out of friendship, or it is not valued; it is received from the hand of friendship, or it is resented.
Gentleness and cheerfulness, these come before all morality; they are the perfect duties.
Here lies one who meant well, tried a little, failed much:  surely that may be his epitaph of which he need not be ashamed.
What's your favorite activity?
What's your favorite alcoholic beverage?
What's your favorite alcoholic drink?
What's your favorite American beer?
What's your favorite animated movie?
What's your favorite audio player?
What's your favorite ballet?
What's your favorite band?
What's your favorite baseball team?
What's your favorite Beatles song?
What's your favorite beverage?
What's your favorite blonde joke?
What's your favorite board game?
What's your favorite Bob Dylan song?
What's your favorite book?
What's your favorite bottled beer?
What's your favorite boy's name?
What's your favorite brand of soap?
What's your favorite brand of yogurt?
What's your favorite brand?
What's your favorite breakfast food?
What's your favorite breed of dog?
What's your favorite Broadway musical?
What's your favorite candy?
What's your favorite car?
What's your favorite cartoon?
What's your favorite castle in Japan?
What's your favorite cereal?
What's your favorite cheap wine?
What's your favorite cheese to eat when drinking wine?
What's your favorite chick flick?
What's your favorite Chinese food?
What's your favorite Christian hymn?
What's your favorite Christmas movie?
What's your favorite Christmas song?
What's your favorite city in the United States?
What's your favorite city in the world?
What's your favorite city?
What's your favorite class?
What's your favorite cocktail?
What's your favorite cold drink?
What's your favorite cold weather drink?
What's your favorite cold weather food?
What's your favorite color for carpets?
What's your favorite color for curtains?
What's your favorite color for shoes?
What's your favorite color?
What's your favorite comfort food?
What's your favorite comic strip?
What's your favorite commercial?
What's your favorite computer game?
What's your favorite cookbook?
What's your favorite curse word?
What's your favorite cut of meat?
What's your favorite day of the week?
What's your favorite dessert with bananas?
What's your favorite dessert with strawberries?
What's your favorite dessert?
What's your favorite Disney movie?
What's your favorite domestic beer?
What's your favorite domestic wine?
What's your favorite dried fruit?
What's your favorite drink in the summer?
What's your favorite drink in the winter?
What's your favorite drink?
What's your favorite drinking song?
What's your favorite educational TV program?
What's your favorite email client?
What's your favorite energy drink?
What's your favorite episode from season two?
What's your favorite European city?
What's your favorite fairy tale?
What's your favorite fast food?
What's your favorite flavor of ice cream?
What's your favorite flower?
What's your favorite food to eat with red wine?
What's your favorite form of exercise?
What's your favorite free iPad app?
What's your favorite free software application?
What's your favorite French wine?
What's your favorite fruit?
What's your favorite funny quote?
What's your favorite funny song?
What's your favorite gadget?
What's your favorite game?
What's your favorite girl's name?
What's your favorite hair style?
What's your favorite Harry Potter book?
What's your favorite historical movie?
What's your favorite holiday activity?
What's your favorite holiday tradition?
What's your favorite holiday?
What's your favorite home-cooked food?
What's your favorite horror movie?
What's your favorite hot drink?
What's your favorite hot weather drink?
What's your favorite hot weather food?
What's your favorite hotel in Boston?
What's your favorite humorous quote?
What's your favorite hymn?
What's your favorite ice cream flavor?
What's your favorite image editing software?
What's your favorite iPad app?
What's your favorite iPhone app?
What's your favorite Irish whiskey?
What's your favorite item of clothing?
What's your favorite Japanese word?
What's your favorite Johnny Depp movie?
What's your favorite joke?
What's your favorite kind of book?
What's your favorite kind of chewing gum?
What's your favorite kind of chocolate?
What's your favorite kind of dried fruit?
What's your favorite kind of food?
What's your favorite kind of music to wake up to?
What's your favorite kind of music?
What's your favorite kind of pie?
What's your favorite kind of place to go on a first date?
What's your favorite kind of shellfish?
What's your favorite kind of weather?
What's your favorite leisure activity?
What's your favorite line from that movie?
What's your favorite local restaurant?
What's your favorite love song?
What's your favorite magazine?
What's your favorite Mark Twain quote?
What's your favorite memory from childhood?
What's your favorite metaphor?
What's your favorite Michael Jackson music video?
What's your favorite movie of all time?
What's your favorite movie soundtrack?
What's your favorite movie this year?
What's your favorite movie with a car chase?
What's your favorite muscle car?
What's your favorite music group?
What's your favorite musical instrument?
What's your favorite mystery novel?
What's your favorite nail polish?
What's your favorite national park?
What's your favorite newspaper?
What's your favorite non-alcoholic beverage?
What's your favorite non-caffeinated drink?
What's your favorite non-electrical gadget?
What's your favorite non-fiction book?
What's your favorite non-Google search engine?
What's your favorite novel?
What's your favorite number?
What's your favorite nursery rhyme?
What's your favorite oldies song?
What's your favorite open source game?
What's your favorite open source software?
What's your favorite opera?
What's your favorite part of that movie?
What's your favorite part of the day?
What's your favorite part of this book?
What's your favorite Paul Gilbert solo?
What's your favorite perfume?
What's your favorite piece of furniture?
What's your favorite pizza topping?
What's your favorite place to go hear live music?
What's your favorite place to vacation in Japan?
What's your favorite podcast?
What's your favorite poem?
What's your favorite program on TV?
What's your favorite protest song?
What's your favorite proverb?
What's your favorite pun?
What's your favorite question to ask on a first date?
What's your favorite quiz show on TV?
What's your favorite racing game?
What's your favorite radio station?
What's your favorite recipe?
What's your favorite recording of Beethoven's Fifth?
What's your favorite restaurant in Boston?
What's your favorite restaurant?
What's your favorite role-playing game?
What's your favorite Rolling Stones album?
What's your favorite romance novel?
What's your favorite romantic movie?
What's your favorite sad song?
What's your favorite salad dressing?
What's your favorite sandwich?
What's your favorite saying?
What's your favorite scary movie?
What's your favorite screen saver?
What's your favorite search engine?
What's your favorite season of the year?
What's your favorite season?
What's your favorite seasoning?
What's your favorite self-help book?
What's your favorite shampoo?
What's your favorite sitcom?
What's your favorite ski area?
What's your favorite slang expression?
What's your favorite slogan?
What's your favorite small town in America?
What's your favorite snack?
What's your favorite soap opera?
What's your favorite soccer team?
What's your favorite soft drink?
What's your favorite song by the Rolling Stones?
What's your favorite song lyric?
What's your favorite song on this album?
What's your favorite song to dance to?
What's your favorite song to sing with young children?
What's your favorite song to workout to?
What's your favorite song?
What's your favorite sport to play?
What's your favorite sport to watch?
What's your favorite Star Trek episode?
What's your favorite subject at school?
What's your favorite subject in school?
What's your favorite subject?
What's your favorite summer activity?
What's your favorite summer food?
What's your favorite summer sport?
What's your favorite swear word?
What's your favorite talk show?
What's your favorite thing about Hawaii?
What's your favorite thing about your school?
What's your favorite thing in the whole world?
What's your favorite thing to do on a first date?
What's your favorite thing to do on a rainy day?
What's your favorite thing to do on weekends?
What's your favorite thing to do with your parents?
What's your favorite thing to do?
What's your favorite thing to have for lunch?
What's your favorite thing to have for supper?
What's your favorite thirst quencher?
What's your favorite time of day to exercise?
What's your favorite time of day?
What's your favorite time waster?
What's your favorite tongue twister?
What's your favorite toothpaste?
What's your favorite topic of conversation?
What's your favorite treat?
What's your favorite TV commercial?
What's your favorite TV show on Monday evening?
What's your favorite TV show theme song?
What's your favorite TV show?
What's your favorite type of dessert?
What's your favorite type of seafood?
What's your favorite upbeat song?
What's your favorite vacation spot?
What's your favorite vegetable?
What's your favorite video game?
What's your favorite way to cook beans?
What's your favorite way to cook potatoes?
What's your favorite way to cook trout?
What's your favorite way to exercise your dog?
What's your favorite way to get around?
What's your favorite way to get exercise?
What's your favorite way to relax?
What's your favorite way to spend time in Boston?
What's your favorite way to travel?
What's your favorite weapon?
What's your favorite web browser?
What's your favorite website?
What's your favorite wine?
What's your favorite winter activity?
What's your favorite winter food?
What's your favorite winter sport?
What's your favorite word?
What's your favorite yoga pose?
What's your favorite YouTube video?
What's your favorite ZZ Top song?
What's your favorite action movie?
What's your favorite charity?
What's your favorite constellation?
What's your favorite fast food restaurant?
What's your favorite font?
What's your favorite kind of apple?
What's your favorite kind of book to read?
What's your favorite kind of candy?
What's your favorite kind of fish to catch?
What's your favorite kind of fish?
What's your favorite kind of movie to watch with your children?
What's your favorite kind of movie to watch?
What's your favorite operating system?
What's your favorite part of the chicken?
Where's your favorite place to go when you want to be alone?
What's your favorite place to go when you want to think?
What's your favorite programming language?
What's your favorite room in your house?
What's your favorite salty snack?
What's your favorite snack food?
What's your favorite song in last year's top 100?
What's your favorite symphony?
What's your favorite thing about the Christmas season?
What's your favorite thing to do in your free time?
What's your favorite TV series?
What's your favorite war movie?
Please have pity on a poor blind man!
We do not travel to travel, but to have traveled.
Magic words and incantations are as fatal to our science as they are to any other. Methods, when classified and separated, acquire their true bearing and perspective as a means to an end, not as ends in themselves. We seek to find peace of mind in the word, the formula, the ritual. The hope is illusion.
Sunlight is said to be the best of disinfectants.
Fear of serious injury cannot alone justify suppression of free speech and assembly. Men feared witches and burnt women. It is the function of speech to free men from the bondage of irrational fears.
Experience should teach us to be most on our guard to protect liberty when the government's purposes are beneficent. Men born to freedom are naturally alert to repel invasion of their liberty by evil-minded rulers. The greatest dangers to liberty lurk in insidious encroachment by men of zeal, well-meaning but without understanding.
Decency, security, and liberty alike demand that government officials shall be subjected to the same rules of conduct that are commands to the citizen.
True democracy makes no enquiry about the color of skin, or the place of nativity, wherever it sees man, it recognizes a being endowed by his Creator with original inalienable rights.
A word is not a crystal, transparent and unchanging, it is the skin of a living thought and may vary greatly in colour and content according to the circumstances and time in which it is used.
The character of every act depends upon the circumstances in which it is done.
The most stringent protection of free speech would not protect a man in falsely shouting fire in a theatre and causing a panic.
Detached reflection cannot be demanded in the presence of an uplifted knife.
A page of history is worth a volume of logic.
There is in all men a demand for the superlative, so much so that the poor devil who has no other way of reaching it attains it by getting drunk.
The young man knows the rules, but the old man knows the exceptions.
Taxes are the price we pay for a civilized society.
Young man, the secret of my success is that at an early age I discovered that I was not God.
I happen to prefer champagne to ditchwater, but there is no reason to suppose that the cosmos does.
The welfare of the farmer is vital to that of the whole country.
We are all imperfect. We cannot expect perfect government.
I am in favor of helping the prosperity of all countries because, when we are all prosperous, the trade of each becomes more valuable to the other.
I love judges, and I love courts. They are my ideals, that typify on earth what we shall meet hereafter in heaven under a just God.
The world is not going to be saved by legislation.
The President cannot make clouds to rain and cannot make the corn to grow, he cannot make business good; although when these things occur, political parties do claim some credit for the good things that have happened in this way.
If all the medicine in the world were thrown into the sea, it would be bad for the fish and good for humanity.
The sound of a kiss is not so loud as that of a cannon, but its echo lasts a deal longer.
We are all tattooed in our cradles with the beliefs of our tribe; the record may seem superficial, but it is indelible.
Sin has many tools, but a lie is the handle which fits them all.
Put not your trust in money, but put your money in trust.
To reach the port of heaven, we must sail sometimes with the wind and sometimes against it but we must sail, and not drift, nor lie at anchor.
I'm not paranoid, they really follow me!
Chinese strategists are said to be go players, whereas Western ones have the reputation of being chess players.
In Esperanto, nouns end with "o". Plurals are formed with the addition of "j".
Woe to who be alone, my friends. It seems that social isolation quickly destroys one's reason.
As I thought, Catherine is a beautiful girl after all.
The Collosseum is the very icon of Rome.
Once, if I remember well, my life was a feast where all hearts opened and all wines flowed.
One must be absolutely modern.
Don't be such a pompous ass!
Tell them I've had a wonderful life.
Thales said there was no difference between life and death. "Why, then," said some one to him, "do not you die?" "Because," said he, "it does make no difference."
When Thales was asked what was difficult, he said, "To know ones self." And what was easy, "To advise another."
Chilo advised not to speak evil of the dead.
Socrates said, "Those who want fewest things are nearest to the gods."
There is a written and an unwritten law. The one by which we regulate our constitutions in our cities is the written law; that which arises from customs is the unwritten law.
Of a rich man who was niggardly he said, "That man does not own his estate, but his estate owns him."
The road to Hades is the easiest to travel.
He has not acquired a fortune; the fortune has acquired him.
On one occasion Aristotle was asked how much educated men were superior to those uneducated: "As much," said he, "as the living are to the dead."
Asked what he gained from philosophy, he answered, "To do without being commanded what others do from fear of the laws."
When asked what learning was the most necessary, he said, "Not to unlearn what you have learned."
Diogenes would frequently praise those who were about to marry, and yet did not marry.
"Bury me on my face," said Diogenes; and when he was asked why, he replied, "Because in a little while everything will be turned upside down."
The amount will go up in the case of recidivism.
Plato having defined man to be a two-legged animal without feathers, Diogenes plucked a cock and brought it into the Academy, and said, "This is Platos man." On which account this addition was made to the definition,"With broad flat nails."
A man once asked Diogenes what was the proper time for supper, and he made answer, "If you are a rich man, whenever you please; and if you are a poor man, whenever you can."
When asked what wine he liked to drink, he replied, "That which belongs to another."
Asked from what country he came, he replied, "I am a citizen of the world."
When a man reproached him for going into unclean places, he said, "The sun too penetrates into privies, but is not polluted by them."
When Zeno was asked what a friend was, he replied, "Another I."
They say that the first inclination which an animal has is to protect itself.
If any one were to take away from the books of Chrysippus all the passages which he quotes from other authors, his paper would be left empty.
One of the sophisms of Chrysippus was, "If you have not lost a thing, you have it."
It takes a wise man to discover a wise man.
Nothing can be produced out of nothing.
But we know nothing really; for truth lies deep down.
Pythagoras used to say that he had received as a gift from Mercury the perpetual transmigration of his soul, so that it was constantly transmigrating and passing into all sorts of plants or animals.
The mountains, too, at a distance appear airy masses and smooth, but seen near at hand, they are rough.
Epicurus laid down the doctrine that pleasure was the chief good.
Fortune is unstable, while our will is free.
When Alexander the Great addressed him with greetings, and asked if he wanted anything, Diogenes replied "Yes, stand a little out of my sunshine."
Seeing the son of a whore throwing rocks at a crowd, he said: "Be careful, you could hit your father."
Just as it sometimes happens that deformed offspring are produced by deformed parents, and sometimes not, so the offspring produced by a female are sometimes female, sometimes not, but male, because the female is as it were a deformed male.
Time crumbles things; everything grows old under the power of Time and is forgotten through the lapse of Time.
It is simplicity that makes the uneducated more effective than the educated when addressing popular audiences.
Man is by nature a political animal.
He who is unable to live in society, or who has no need because he is sufficient for himself, must be either a beast or a god.
Man, when perfected, is the best of animals, but when separated from law and justice, he is the worst of all.
They should rule who are able to rule best.
Inferiors revolt in order that they may be equal, and equals that they may be superior. Such is the state of mind which creates revolutions.
A tyrant must put on the appearance of uncommon devotion to religion. Subjects are less apprehensive of illegal treatment from a ruler whom they consider god-fearing and pious.
The appropriate age for marriage is around eighteen for girls and thirty-seven for men.
Young people are in a condition like permanent intoxication, because youth is sweet and they are growing.
To the query, "What is a friend?" his reply was "A single soul dwelling in two bodies."
But he who knows what insanity is, is sane; whereas insanity can no more be sensible of its own existence, than blindness can see itself.
Our youth we can have but to-day, we may always find time to grow old.
Kindness is born out of strength.
When the four limbs are placed correctly and the vital energy of blood is tranquil, the thoughts will be unified, and mind will be concentrated: ears and eyes will not be flooded, and what is distant will be like what is close, - the knowledge will be born out of thinking.
In the country of the blind, the one-eyed man is king.
I have no patience with those who say that sexual excitement is shameful and that venereal stimuli have their origin not in nature, but in sin. Nothing is so far from the truth.
I am a lover of liberty. I will not and I cannot serve a party.
Unblended gold in its pure form is so soft, that one can knead it by hand.
I doubt if a single individual could be found from the whole of mankind free from some form of insanity. The only difference is one of degree.
How far is an Irishman from a drunkard? The breadth of the table.
No one enters heaven except through philosophy.
In fact history does not belong to us but rather we to it. Long before we understand ourselves through the process of self-examination, we understand ourselves in a self-evident way in the family, society, and state in which we live.
The work of art that says something confronts us itself. That is, it expresses something in such a way that what is said is like a discovery, a disclosure of something previously concealed.
Even God cannot make two times two not make four.
Everything flows, nothing stands still.
Nothing endures but change.
You could not step twice into the same river; for other waters are ever flowing on to you.
The road up and the road down is one and the same.
The condition of Man is a condition of Warre of every one against every one.
Where there is no common power, there is no law, where no law, no injustice. Force, and fraud, are in war the cardinal virtues.
Whatsoever therefore is consequent to a time of Warre, where every man is Enemy to every man; the same is consequent to the time, wherein men live without other security, than what their own strength, and their own invention shall furnish them withall. In such condition, there is no place for Industry; because the fruit thereof is uncertain; and consequently no Culture of the Earth; no Navigation, nor use of the commodities that may be imported by Sea; no commodious Building; no Instruments of moving, and removing such things as require much force; no Knowledge of the face of the Earth; no account of Time; no Arts; no Letters; no Society; and which is worst of all, continuall feare, and danger of violent death; And the life of man, solitary, poore, nasty, brutish, and short.
Do not that to another, which thou wouldst not have done to thyself.
True enjoyment comes from activity of the mind and exercise of the body; the two are ever united.
I am more and more convinced that our happiness or our unhappiness depends far more on the way we meet the events of life than on the nature of those events themselves.
I'm not paranoid, they do follow me!
Just the word "French" has her wet her pants.
I have known Taro since ten years ago.
Tatoeba: so you never get lost in translation.
The robot was so lifelike that it was uncanny.
Kids, listen!
Her friends look up to her.
She reconciled with her friend.
The eruption seems to be waning.
She is respected by her friends.
He is respected by his friends.
Someone came.
I know some of Nancy's friends.
Be careful about what you eat.
We are now forming a republican government. Real liberty is neither found in despotism or the extremes of democracy, but in moderate governments.
I won't do that. I'd rather die.
Men are rather reasoning than reasonable animals, for the most part governed by the impulse of passion.
Facts are stubborn things; and whatever may be our wishes, our inclinations, or the dictates of our passion, they cannot alter the state of facts and evidence.
There is danger from all men. The only maxim of a free government ought to be to trust no man living with power to endanger the public liberty.
There is nothing which I dread so much as a division of the republic into two great parties, each arranged under its leader, and concerting measures in opposition to each other. This, in my humble apprehension, is to be dreaded as the greatest political evil under our Constitution.
Our obligations to our country never cease but with our lives.
Man who preys both on the vegetable and animal species, is himself a prey to neither.
If men were angels, no government would be necessary. If angels were to govern men, neither external nor internal controls on government would be necessary. In framing a government which is to be administered by men over men, the great difficulty lies in this: you must first enable the government to control the governed; and in the next place oblige it to control itself.
All persons shall have full and free liberty of religious opinion; nor shall any be compelled to frequent or maintain any religious institution.
The basis of our government being the opinion of the people, the very first object should be to keep that right; and were it left to me to decide whether we should have a government without newspapers, or newspapers without a government, I should not hesitate a moment to prefer the latter.
There is a time for many words, and there is also a time for sleep.
To even mention all the things the bird must constantly keep in mind in order to fly securely through the air would take a considerable part of the evening... The bird has learned this art of equilibrium, and learned it so thoroughly that its skill is not apparent to our sight. We only learn to appreciate it when we try to imitate it.
For we must consider that we shall be a city upon a hill.
Please find enclosed my resum.
The Higgs boson has been called the God particle.
What's your favorite spectator sport?
She left with her friends.
He hates running.
My words are golden.
Now I'll call my lawyer!
I don't need to have fun to drink.
Oh, you're pricks!
I love Luther.
The exact meaning of metaphysics is controversial.
The observation of gravitational waves will start a new phase in the study of the universe.
Malcom killed Tom because he was tired of seeing his name in lots of sentences.
Malcom killed Tom because he was tired of seeing his name in lots of prayers.
It's a trap!
Who's your favorite TV star?
Who's your favorite actor or actress?
Who's your favorite American actor?
Who's your favorite announcer on CNN?
Who's your favorite artist?
Who's your favorite athlete?
Who's your favorite Beatle?
Who's your favorite blogger?
Who's your favorite British author?
Who's your favorite celebrity?
Who's your favorite character in this book?
Who's your favorite character in this movie?
Who's your favorite character on Glee?
Who's your favorite Charlie's Angel?
Who's your favorite child actor?
Who's your favorite classical guitarist?
Who's your favorite comedian?
Who's your favorite comic book character?
Who's your favorite comic book super hero?
Who's your favorite country artist?
Who's your favorite country musician?
Who's your favorite country singer?
Who's your favorite CSI cast member?
Who's your favorite Disney cartoon character?
Who's your favorite Disney character?
Who's your favorite DJ?
Who's your favorite drummer?
Who's your favorite economist?
Who's your favorite family member on your father's side of the family?
Who's your favorite family member on your mother's side?
Who's your favorite family member?
Who's your favorite fashion designer?
Who's your favorite fashion model?
Who's your favorite female rapper?
Who's your favorite fictional character?
Who's your favorite figure skater?
Who's your favorite game show host?
Who's your favorite golfer?
Who's your favorite guitarist?
Who's your favorite jazz violinist?
Who's your favorite heavy metal guitarist?
Who's your favorite hip-hop artist?
Who's your favorite historical person?
Who's your favorite hockey player?
Who's your favorite Hollywood actor?
Who's your favorite horror movie character?
Who's your favorite James Bond?
Who's your favorite Japanese singer?
Who's your favorite bluegrass musician?
Who's your favorite jazz singer?
Who's your favorite Korean musician?
Who's your favorite late night talk show host?
Who's your favorite left-handed baseball player?
Who's your favorite lyricist?
Who's your favorite movie director?
Who's your favorite movie star?
Who's your favorite movie villain?
Who's your favorite musician?
Who's your favorite newscaster?
Who's your favorite painter?
Who's your favorite person to cook for?
Who's your favorite person to hang out with?
Who's your favorite philosopher?
Who's your favorite photographer?
Who's your favorite pianist?
Who's your favorite player on our basketball team?
Who's your favorite poet?
Who's your favorite politician?
Who's your favorite professor?
Who's your favorite race car driver?
Who's your favorite reality TV star?
Who's your favorite saxophonist?
Who's your favorite science fiction writer?
Who's your favorite singer-songwriter?
Who's your favorite soccer player?
Who's your favorite song writer?
Who's your favorite sports announcer?
Who's your favorite stand-up comedian?
Who's your favorite Star Wars character?
Who's your favorite super hero?
Who's your favorite talk show host?
Who's your favorite teacher?
Who's your favorite TV chef?
Who's your favorite video game character?
Who's your favorite wrestler?
Who's your favorite writer?
Who's your favorite?
Tell us a cultural experience you have experienced.
I really hate dairy products.
Let's conduct a research.
Let's conduct a study.
Let's make a cake.
Let's make a drawing.
We made a huge mistake.
Stop talking shop!
Let's talk shop for a while.
Are you talking shop?
Don't talk shop to me.
Talk shop to someone else.
To talk shop is boring.
To talk shop is fun.
We are the backing group.
They are the backing group.
You are the backing group.
My wife loves apple pie.
My wife likes apple pie a lot.
Which air conditioner do you think is the most efficient?
My mother gets up earlier than anyone else.
She wanted to understand.
She's a slave to fashion.
She's a fashion slave.
She was a girl of imposing appearance and winning manners. But this staggered him. If she were such a slave to fashion and observance, she was not the woman for his wife.
Certainly, Aunt Wealthy was no slave to fashion.
She was young handsome vain and giddy and completely the slave of fashion.
At no period of our ancient history does there appear to have been greater attention paid to the culture of the female mind than during the age of Elizabeth and at no time has there existed a greater number of amiable and respectable women.
Only the surface of things reveals the essence of things.
Boiled potatoes are much easier to digest than terracotta potatoes.
During the imprisonment of Sir Thomas a frequent intercourse of letters passed between him and this beloved daughter and when deprived of pen and ink he contrived to write to her with a coal.
Among some who have read Blackstone and more who have not an opinion prevails that a husband may chastise his wife provided the weapon be not thicker than his little finger.
The man that lays his hand upon a woman, save in the way of kindness, is a wretch whom't were gross flattery to name a coward.
A daughter of the first Earl of Gowrie was courted by a young gentleman much her inferior in rank and fortune.
It seems probable that the licentiousness ordinarily imputed to Sappho may be a calumny.
On his return the chaste caresses of his wife amply recompenced the warrior for the fatigues he had undergone and for the danger which he had been exposed.
At an Indian wedding at the Phillipine islands the bride retired from the company in order to go down to the river to wash her feet. As she was thus employed an alligator seized her.
Where goes man? Where his heart calls him to.
You can have the last word with a woman, on the condition that it is yes.
A legal kiss will never equal a stolen one.
A kiss is the best way to keep silent while saying it all.
Eric who was a weak prince issued a bad coinage which excited great discontent among the Danes.
Mrs Cockburn concealed her name lest the knowledge of her sex and youth should produce a prejudice against her work.
We love our mother almost without knowing it, without feeling it, as it is as natural as to live.
Upon the day appointed for their execution she cut off her hair and dressed herself as if going to a fete.
How to merely get tea?
An interesting record is still preserved of the inhuman cruelties which were inflicted on this admirable young woman in the secret of the prison house where no eye pitied her and where no friendly hand composed her aching limbs.
The wood was kindled, the flames arose, and a mouldering heap of ashes was soon all that remained of Mrs Askew and her fellow martyrs.
Eleanor though the daughter of a king and brought up in the greatest luxury determined to share misfortune with her husband.
Eleanor suffered severely for her conjugal affection even after the death of her husband by being imprisoned for the dreadful period of forty-three years.
Roger Ascham one day paying a visit to the amiable but unfortunate Lady Jane Grey found her employed in reading Plato while the rest of the family were engaged in a hunting party in the park.
On the 2nd of September when the general massacre of the prisoners took place at Paris, M. Sombreuil was on the point of being sacrificed when he was rescued from the hands of the assassins by the heroic conduct of his daughter, though on the dreadful condition that she would drink success to the republic in a goblet of blood!
The behaviour of the Princess Monaco, one of the many victims of the French revolution, on the morning of her execution, will be long remembered for its eccentricity and heroism.
A miserable quarrel provoked by the hardheartedness of the landlord of a public-house, who insisted upon having three pounds of bread in payment for two pennyworth of wine which the woman had regaled herself with, was the circumstance that constituted the charge, and which, if substantiated would be punishable by five or ten years' imprisonment.
The treatment of the female sex has varied considerably in different ages and countries.
Laws are like cobwebs, which may catch small flies, but let wasps and hornets break through.
There is nothing in this world constant, but inconstancy.
There are few, very few, that will own themselves in a mistake, though all the World sees them to be in downright nonsense.
'Tis very warm weather when one's in bed.
But nothing is so hard for those who abound in riches, as to conceive how others can be in want.
For, in reason, all government without the consent of the governed is the very definition of slavery: but in fact, eleven men well armed will certainly subdue one single man in his shirt.
I have been assured by a very knowing American of my acquaintance in London, that a young healthy child well nursed is at a year old a most delicious, nourishing, and wholesome food, whether stewed, roasted, baked, or boiled; and I make no doubt that it will equally serve in a fricassee or a ragout.
Pedantry is properly the over-rating of any kind of knowledge we pretend to.
Good manners is the art of making those people easy with whom we converse. Whoever makes the fewest persons uneasy is the best bred in the company.
We have just enough religion to make us hate, but not enough to make us love one another.
And he gave it for his opinion, that whosoever could make two ears of corn or two blades of grass to grow upon a spot of ground where only one grew before, would deserve better of mankind, and do more essential service to his country, than the whole race of politicians put together.
Emet is very interested in soccer, but simply does not know how to play.
Smoking one cigarette a day is a good habit.
Galaxies come in all sorts of delicious flavours.
She was well-dressed.
She was wearing a splendid outfit.
We can't deny the fact that he's honest.
Oh, I just gained two kilos. I should stop eating snacks.
I'll leave you to it.
Americans have to spend hours figuring out their taxes.
I spend a few hours a day maintaining my website.
I spent two hours yesterday trying to fix that broken radio.
It's so hot outside that I want to spend all day in my air conditioned house.
Please spend a few minutes thinking about this.
She has spent hours at the gym trying to lose weight.
She'll spend the next four years in prison.
They spent the entire day on the beach.
To become a professional banjo player, you need to spend thousands of hours practicing.
How many hours a day do you spend in your office?
How many hours a day does she spend in the kitchen?
Are you spending enough time with your kids?
Before I get out of bed, I spend a little time thinking about what I'll be doing the rest of the day.
Do you spend more time at home or at work?
Do you spend more time with your friends or with your family?
Do you spend most of your time worrying about things that don't matter so much?
Do you spend much time writing email?
Do you think your parents spent enough time with you when you were in your teens?
Don't forget to spend a little time looking over your notes before the exam.
How do you think I can convince her to spend more time with me?
How much time and energy do you spend on projects that don't make you any money?
How much time did you spend doing research before you started writing?
How much time do you actually spend thinking about the future?
How much time do you spend cleaning your house?
How much time do you spend every day helping your children with their homework?
How much time do you spend on Facebook?
How much time do you spend shaving every day?
How much time do you spend with your spouse?
How much time does the average teenager watch TV every day?
I spend as much time working in the garden in one day as my brother does in a week.
I spent a great deal of time dealing with that problem last week.
I think you need to spend a little more time on your homework.
I want to spend more time doing things that make me happy.
I want to spend more time doing things that matter.
I wish my girlfriend would spend more time with me.
I wish that I could have spent more time with my father before he died.
I wish that we could spend more time together.
I would like to drastically decrease the amount of time it takes me to clean the house.
I'd like to spend less time at work and more time at home.
I'd love to be able to find more time that I could spend relaxing.
I'd love to be able to spend less time doing household chores.
I'd rather clean my room than spend time doing my homework.
I've spent way too much time thinking about this problem.
If you only had one more week to live, what would you spend your time doing?
If you plan well, you can spend less time doing unnecessary things and get the work done faster.
If you spend too much time in the sun without putting on sunscreen, you are likely to get a sunburn.
Is it worth spending time trying to help people who don't want to be helped?
Last year, I couldn't spend as much time with my children as I wanted to.
Last year, I spent so much time by myself that I almost forgot how to communicate effectively with others.
Let's spend less time arguing and more time working.
Many people think that children don't spend enough time playing outside.
Many people think that children spend too much time watching TV.
My teacher told me that I should have spent more time preparing my speech.
Parents should spend quality time with their children.
She spends a little time each day reading the Bible.
She spends a lot of time helping her children learn to deal with money.
She spends a majority of her time taking care of her children.
She spends a pretty good chunk of time just sitting there and looking out the window.
She spends all her time thinking about boys.
She spends more time thinking about work than doing it.
She spends over a third of her time doing paperwork.
She spends time with her grandmother every Sunday.
She spends way too much time surfing the web.
She spent a lot of time writing her essay.
She spent some time in Boston.
She'd rather be spending time with someone else.
Since I have no children, I have more time to spend doing volunteer work than parents do.
Some healthcare workers spend more time doing paperwork than taking care of patients.
Some people think the president spends too much time traveling.
Spend your time wisely and you'll always have enough of it.
Spending time with your family should be your priority.
Spending time with your significant other should be high on your priority list.
Studying how to communicate effectively is time well spent.
The amount of time you spend practicing the trumpet is up to you.
The more time I spend doing this, the less time I have to do things I enjoy doing.
The more time you spend talking about what you do, the less time you have to do it.
The time women spend doing housework is now a lot less than it used to be.
They say that girls spend more time worrying about how they look than boys do.
To be happy, you should spend time with someone you love.
Try not to spend so much time complaining about things you can't change.
We should spend our time creating content for our website rather than wasting time worrying about minor cosmetic details.
What activity do you spend most of your time doing?
What do most young Italian girls spend their time doing?
What do nurses spend most of their time doing?
What do you spend a majority of your time doing?
What do you spend most of your time doing?
What do you spend most of your time on the computer doing?
What you spend time doing in your childhood affects the rest of your life.
Why do you spend so much time watching TV?
Wouldn't you rather spend your time doing something you enjoy?
You often need to spend more time doing something than you anticipated.
You should always spend time doing things that help your children get ahead in life.
You should spend a little time each day reviewing vocabulary.
You should spend less time complaining and more time doing something productive.
You should spend more time outside and less time inside.
You should spend more time studying than you do.
You should spend what little time you have left with your friends.
This little grouping of chairs looks like a horse.
Mandeep found that grouping the kids into fours or fives yielded the best results.
If the sprinkles on your child's cupcake are attracted to magnets, they are iron filings and should not be consumed.
I still have these little groupings of scabs from when the school bully tossed live leeches at me.
That's an odd note grouping for that chord. Try spreading it out over two octaves instead of one.
Ever the organizer, Reggie separates his Skittles into groupings of the same flavor before he eats them.
Horatio's kids are such handfuls.
The new, more diverse faculty groupings formulated a few rather left-field research questions.
A grouping of local businesses held a canned food drive for the homeless this past Saturday.
Many of the world's seven thousand or so languages are spoken only by handfuls of living people and are in danger of extinction.
Two heaping handfuls of cheese made for a rather unwieldy quesadilla.
I was abducted and impregnated by wolves who landed their flying saucer in my backyard.
What is your favourite convenience store chain?
Every sunday, I drive to my local Buddhist temple. I drive really fast, with loud music on.
And you know why? Because of cats.
Could you tell me your mobile number please?
The weather is just right today.
The weather is perfect today.
Your singing puts many a professional singer to shame.
Nothing makes us greater than a great suffering.
Great artists have no country.
An unhappy people makes for great artists.
The real is for me, but fiction.
A man without patience is like a lamp without oil.
The confusion beggars belief.
Do you have a soup dish?
Do you keep a dream diary?
Do you keep a dream journal?
When we grow old, we wake up every morning with the feeling that the heater is not turned on.
I forgot it in the garage.
Tom is fit to become a businessman.
The unwaged often receive a discount at theatres and museums.
Having lost my job I became one of the unwaged.
If we're not careful, the tiger will soon go the way of the dodo.
I wonder if she might not have become unable to move because of an illness.
Tonight was also a windless night.
My level barbarian has died.
Please fix that.
It's raining today. Where is my umbrella?
The brightest flame burns quickest.
Maybe tomorrow, I'll find my way.
There's always someone talking.
Would you like mango, apples and papaya?
May I talk to Mr. Brown?
Please show me another camera.
Friends today, enemies tomorrow.
I feel strange today and I don't understand why.
Mom! Hector's bugging me!
This development tool has a high learning cost.
The doctor advised me to lose weight.
What time will the washing machine repairman come?
Do you know what time they came?
Try this candy.
If I didn't have money I wouldn't have a house.
My mother says Japanese kids aren't naughty, but they live very far away, so Santa Claus doesn't bring them gifts. Thank goodness I was born in Spain.
My daughter likes to play with dolls.
Hit the lights and let's go.
English is spoken around the world.
If you study, you'll become an important person in the future.
There's a huge hole in the wall.
You can't stop me.
She can't stop me.
The plaza is packed with people.
And our generation? Some have come to be parents, others have come undone, and still others have come to nothing.
Could you dress the salad?
Remain on the lookout.
Keep listening.
When you reach a certain age you don't stand on ceremony.
I won't let you speak to me that way.
This can't be!
I'm going to brush my teeth.
Don't touch my spaghetti bridge! The glue is still hardening.
Her heart has been hardening all throughout her string of bad hookups.
I'll bet your arteries are already hardening from all those French fries!
The gulf between the haves and the have-nots grows ever wider, to Victorian levels, even.
After hardening, you can use your new vase to hold flowers.
Elves are Santa's little helpers.
My parents read books and magazines, but I read more.
Peer helpers made the teacher's job a lot easier, but established a cruel hierarchy among the students.
Your father is pretty tall.
They say that seeing is believing.
Turn to face the back please.
A karuta gathering was being held at the hatamoto's estate.
She is anxious about her safety.
It is hard to love someone when you do not know whether he or she loves you as much as you love him or her.
She is worried about his safety.
Animals have instincts, we have taxes.
Society is an insane asylum run by the inmates.
She spends her free time making dolls.
My level barbarian has been killed.
Was it so large as that?
Is there any way to an unperturbed mind?
When a Sage shall again arise, he will certainly follow my words.
Since there were living men until now, there never was another Confucius.
"There's a shark in the water," she whispered.
Can you spy the cat among the pigeons?
The G8? A like-minded banquet for the rich.
Art is not an exact science, it's an art.
Women like men the way they like their coffee: strong and hot to keep them awake all night long.
Best men are like the best coffee: strong, hot and keeps you awake all night long.
"The exam will be held this day week," said the teacher.
She finally managed to get a hold of her old friend.
Today is the birthday of the queen of pop Kylie Minogue!
Each house is near another.
Fight for your right.
I appreciate how hard you've worked to grow this business.
Everything is never as it seems.
How do you spell your surname?
I have to resit an English exam next week.
Cities and provinces along the Yangtze River in central China are grappling with the country's worst drought in more than years.
Poyang Lake is the largest freshwater lake in China.
Five tremors in excess of magnitude 5.on the Richter scale have shaken Japan just this week, but scientists are warning that the largest expected aftershock has yet to hit.
I'm closing my store.
Drink and eat.
If you want to learn Chinese well, you can study in China.
I work with her boyfriend.
When the sun of culture sets, the dwarves too look like giants.
"Is this Arabic?" "No, it's Uyghur - a language that's spoken in northwestern China."
Making a clean separation between the "useful" and the "useless" is about as straightforward as drawing the fine line between water and ice.
Everything is alright.
There's no place like home.
All men are mortal. Socrates was mortal. Therefore, all men are Socrates.
Australians all let us rejoice for we are young and free. Weve golden soil and wealth for toil. Our home is girt by sea.
Our land abounds in natures gifts, Of beauty rich and rare; In historys page let every stage, Advance Australia Fair!
In joyful strains then let us sing: Advance Australia Fair!
Do you have a temperature?
I eat Chinese food once in a blue moon.
He is lying.
He is telling a lie.
He's lying.
He can't speak much English.
He can hardly speak any English.
He can speak just a little English.
He can speak only a little English.
He can only speak a little English.
Who moved the furniture?
Everywhere he goes, he tells a lie.
Every sentence present in Tatoeba is a lie, especially this one.
Hunting is not allowed in national parks.
Hunting is prohibited in national parks.
We cannot predict what will happen.
When the pupil is ready to learn, a teacher will appear.
Two hands clap and there is a sound. What is the sound of one hand?
President Barack Obama praised Poland as an example for aspiring democracies in the Middle East and elsewhere.
If you meet the Buddha on the road, kill him.
I turn off the light, where does it go?
Can an illusion exist?
When there's nothing left to do, what do you do?
The man looks into the mirror, the mirror looks into him.
Challenger exploded on January 28th 1986.
Umezawa has had the hobby of writing haikus since he was young.
Come on, hang in there!
Just study Buddhism. Don't follow the sentiments of the world.
Students, when you want to say something, think about it three times before you say it. Speak only if your words will benefit yourselves and others. Do not speak if it brings no benefit.
Having no destination, I am never lost.
And so the Big Bad Wolf huffed, and he puffed, and he blew down the tag that demanded a native check.
I wish copyrights didn't last so long.
If I hadn't remembered, I would have forgotten.
It's never too late to learn.
Can't we just agree to disagree?
Let's just agree to disagree.
Let's agree to disagree.
I guess we could just agree to disagree.
Do you have any complaints?
Its conclusion is crystal clear.
The conclusion is crystal clear.
Trust me. It'll be plain sailing.
Did you see it?
How are you all?
It mortifies me.
Let us sit down.
It is impossible.
It was agreed to.
Now is your time.
What does he say?
What is it about?
This is my advice.
What are we to do?
What do you think?
It is too long ago.
Jane was not happy.
She shook her head.
What could he mean?
He cannot afford it.
I do not deserve it.
It cannot last long.
It was unpardonable.
Jane was distressed.
He is his own master.
I am not equal to it.
Where is your sister?
You do not look well.
How was that possible?
I am sick of them all.
I am very, very sorry.
It is highly improper.
He knows where we live.
How can it affect them?
I cannot understand it.
Is it not clear enough?
I wish I could see her.
Do you know Mr. Bingley?
Elizabeth was delighted.
He readily agreed to it.
Is he married or single?
They are my old friends.
He drew a chair near her.
I never saw such a woman.
Nobody wants him to come.
We now come to the point.
What would she have said?
Will you come and see me?
Darcy said nothing at all.
I have said no such thing.
It is what everybody says.
They had several children.
Are you going much farther?
I am trying to make it out.
I can recall nothing worse.
I hope he will overlook it.
Does she live near you, sir?
I am a gentleman's daughter.
Have you heard from my uncle?
I never meant to deceive you.
It became her turn to listen.
Sir William did not say much.
We had better not mention it.
Have all her friends left her?
I speak nothing but the truth.
You alluded to something else.
Do you prefer reading to cards?
I suppose you have heard of it.
Let me hear from you very soon.
She certainly did not hate him.
I know how much you dislike him.
They had long wished to see him.
What can be the meaning of this?
What could be the meaning of it?
Speak to Lizzy about it yourself.
There is nothing else to be done.
You never see a fault in anybody.
Do you often dance at St. James's?
I expected you to stay two months.
Lydia was exceedingly fond of him.
I am sure Lizzy will be very happy.
She has known him only a fortnight.
We passed each other several times.
What do you keep winking at me for?
Does that young lady know Mr. Darcy?
I am sure she can have no objection.
Mr. Darcy is engaged to my daughter.
She answered him with cold civility.
There is nothing the matter with me.
It must have been his sister's doing.
Why should they try to influence him?
I will speak to her about it directly.
Do you not want to know who has taken it?
I believe I have now told you everything.
I do not know who is good enough for him.
She is a most charming young lady indeed.
Did you see him while you were at Lambton?
Elizabeth immediately began playing again.
Mr. Hurst looked at her with astonishment.
Your mother insists upon your accepting it.
Mr. Gardiner left them soon after breakfast.
I am sure you will be very comfortable there.
Will you tell me how long you have loved him?
Lady Catherine, I have nothing further to say.
What can have induced him to behave so cruelly?
Four weeks passed away, and Jane saw nothing of him.
I began to be afraid you would never come back again.
She was disappointed, and angry with herself for being so.
Who would have thought that she could be so thin and small?
Mr. Darcy asked him why he had not married your sister at once.
I understand that Mr. Collins has made you an offer of marriage.
If your feelings are still what they were last April, tell me so at once.
I will listen to your chest. Breathe deeply, please. Now hold your breath.
To succeed, you must believe.
It's rumoured he comes from old money.
Tired of always having the same style?
John tends to get angry when he doesn't get his own way.
How is your family name written?
What's the spelling of your family name?
How do you write your last name?
How do you spell your last name?
I will give you a new bicycle for your birthday.
Man is the measure of all things: of things which are, that they are, and of things which are not, that they are not.
My children like saccharum.
A software engineer writes computer programs.
Fresh snow brought about a festive atmosphere.
That was a delicious meal.
Thanks for the meal.
Thanks for paying for the meal.
Even nudists often use euphemisms when referring to naughty parts.
I love green peppers.
I may give up soon and just take a nap.
We give this town to the Serb Nation.
It's not all that uncommon for people to live past the age of ninety.
It's not at all rare to live to be over ninety years old.
Excuse me. I'd like to point out three errors in the above article.
Are you angry because of what I said?
You've bought more stamps than needed.
You've bought more stamps than necessary.
You need to apologize to her and need to do it right away.
You must apologize to her, and do it at once.
I think you'd better go and visit him.
I think you should visit him.
You didn't need to see him to the door.
There was no need for you to see him to the door.
It wasn't necessary for you to see him to the door.
He is the enfant terrible of Hollywood.
All you need to do is ask him to pay the loan.
He lives all alone in the woods.
All you have to do is ask him to pay the debt.
You shouldn't have told him such a thing.
You shouldn't have said that kind of thing to him.
Happiness is probably wanting what you already have, not having what you want.
In my opinion, happiness has a few fundamental requirements.
However, apart from Buddhists, hardly anyone can consistently follow this principle.
Firstly, happiness is related to money.
Claiming that money is not a requirement for happiness is foolish.
If you have no way to buy food, clothing, accommodation and other such daily necessities, you definitely won't be able to have peace of mind.
Money is important in this way.
I fucking don't know how to translate this sentence, translate it yourself, everybody deal with their own shit.
This shows that happiness and sadness are only separated by attitude.
Other requirements come from your relationships with other people and your daily activities.
Germans have been warned not to eat cucumbers.
As human beings are social animals, friendship is an essential part of life.
When you encounter difficulties, friends can help you deal with them.
Even if you're really going through hard times, a good friend can improve your spirits.
So friendship is also a requirement for happiness.
Who is your lawyer?
"It's that I want to buy a camera, but...." "If it's cameras you're talking about, I know a good place."
Anything you say can and will be used against you.
I have a hunch.
It's unbecoming to speak of money.
I can't let myself have any more setbacks.
I'm lactose intolerant.
I like to read the news.
I need to renew my ID card.
I want the whole world to have the opportunity to be able to do what it wants.
Many people take advantage of the weekend to carry out housework.
Would you be so kind as to let me borrow your cell phone, please?
How much is this worth?
Would God, I were the tender apple blossom, That floats and falls from off the twisted bough, To lie and faint within your silken bosom, Within your silken bosom as that does now.
The first time, she wasn't very firm with him.
Or would I were a little burnish'd apple For you to pluck me, gliding by so cold, While sun and shade your robe of lawn will dapple, Your robe of lawn, and your hair's spun gold.
Let my hair down now if you can.
Yea, would to God, I were among the roses, That lean to kiss you as you float between While on the lowest branch a bud uncloses A bud uncloses, to touch you, my queen.
It's worth a fortune.
Nay, since you will not love, would I were growing A happy daisy, in the garden path That so your silver foot might press me going, Might press me going even unto death.
He dropped the sausage on the ground.
Where can I find the visitor center?
Send us your videos with your name and age to PO Box 4413.
The tinto de verano looks like the calimocho.
I only bring you tea alone.
Hoist the sails!
It was foolish for him to turn down her offer.
It was stupid for him to turn down her offer.
He'll play golf even if it rains.
Even if it rains, he'll play golf.
He was eventually sentenced to five years in prison for that violent crime.
Because the voices of protest grew louder and louder, his speech couldn't be heard.
Even without makeup, she's very cute.
Even when she's not wearing makeup, she's very beautiful.
Mubarak faces criminal charges.
He's totally lost it.
The snow brought public transport to a halt.
Anna's sister is more beautiful than my best friend Agata.
Valeria's book is on that old and terrible blue table.
Mark's book is very interesting.
This is Lucia's pen.
She is going to Bob's.
A severed penis constitutes a solid piece of evidence for rape.
Is there Maggie's bag in the kitchen?
My father's name is Robert.
This decision was accepted with grinding teeth.
I love coffee.
They love coffee.
We love coffee.
You love coffee.
He loves coffee.
She loves coffee.
Today is a day of remembrance for those who gave the ultimate sacrifice for the good of the United States.
This stuff is worth its weight in gold!
He told me he wanted to quit the company.
Even though the media reports that she is a potential presidential candidate, does anyone really think that she is a potential president?
The plane was delayed for two hours on account of the bad weather.
The bad weather delayed the plane.
The bad weather delayed the plane's departure by two hours.
The following is my actual address.
The president saluted the public.
That's not my thing.
She devoted her entire life to the study of physics.
Because of the bad weather, the plane's departure was delayed by two hours.
Tom did not know their names.
What are the causes of among the people?
Do you know me? - No, I don't.
When the bus swerved to miss a cat, the driver said, "That was close."
When the bus swerved to miss a cat, the driver said, "That was a close call."
What denominations would you like that in?
The actress is learning her lines.
The actress is learning her part.
The actress is running her lines.
The actress is practising her lines.
In 2006, the International Astronomical Union decided to create a new category for solar system objects called "dwarf planets", and Pluto was reclassified as a dwarf planet.
Then they played "ring-a-ring-a-rosy" until they were worn out.
You stole my bike, and now I'm going to break your face.
His face was red.
Please do not leave your luggage unattended.
A mortgage rate of six percent is becoming the current industry average.
Do you like the city?
Neither Mary nor John can swim.
Mary and John both can't swim.
One hunts wild boar at night.
I always work while listening to the radio.
I had no other choice but to do it.
He is stronger than ever.
Because my husband has been admitted to hospital, I am writing on his behalf.
We have recently discussed this problem.
How long have you known each other?
I have always wanted to live in Rome.
He has never asked me any questions.
The teacher and I sat facing each other.
He has worked in this factory for years.
They have been married for ages.
If I were really rich, I would never work in a place like this.
What will you do if you fail the exam?
If you decide to work for us, we will pay you twice as much.
If you decided to work for us we would pay you twice as much.
If the weather is fine, we will go for a trip to the countryside tomorrow.
If he really liked me, he would call me more often.
If he really liked me, he would have called me last night.
If he had called me last night, I would have told him the truth.
If I knew him better, I would tell him the truth.
They are victims of the so-called war.
"I'm getting too old to be playing with bugs", said the boy.
Luke, I am your son.
Luke, I am your cousin.
I'm telling you, his old car won't fetch a red cent.
The small thug beat up the convenience store employee.
Waiting for a train is tedious.
She was overjoyed.
She was overcome with happiness.
I'll take him with me to the hospital.
Last year I suffered from an inflammation of my middle ear.
He stood toe to toe with his enemy.
But it smells strange.
We all thought it strange that she had ditched such a pleasant guy.
He shaves daily.
Do you really think that it's bad?
Why am I so bad at allocating my time?
I heard that there were female snow spirits in Echigo, but I don't know whether it's true or not.
The child knows how to swim, so she won't drown in the water.
You're not real, no, you're not real!
I paid in full for this.
How long do you think we'll have to wait?
You can't easily put photos on an iPad from more than one computer. However, you can email photos to yourself from various computers and download these photos to your iPad.
You can't view Flash content on an iPad. However, you can easily email yourself the URLs of these web pages and view that content on your regular computer when you get home.
My friend recommended that I shouldn't buy an iPad yet, but to wait until I see what Apple's competitors come out with.
He spent the morning reading a book.
I got a bonus.
Earlier, as I was walking down the sidewalk, a car drove by and splashed water on me. Look at this! My skirt and shoes are all muddy.
A farewell party was held for Mr. Jones.
A goodbye party was held for Mr. Jones.
The French are wiser than they seem, and the Spaniards seem wiser than they are.
The degree of civilization in a society can be judged by entering its prisons.
It is not as a child that I believe and confess Jesus Christ. My hosanna is born of a furnace of doubt.
If you want to be respected by others the great thing is to respect yourself. Only by that, only by self-respect will you compel others to respect you.
I am a sick man I am a spiteful man. I am an unpleasant man. I think my liver is diseased.
Taking a new step, uttering a new word, is what people fear most.
Nothing in this world is harder than speaking the truth, nothing easier than flattery.
Accept suffering and achieve atonement through it  that is what you must do.
Lack of originality, everywhere, all over the world, from time immemorial, has always been considered the foremost quality and the recommendation of the active, efficient and practical man...
Inventors and geniuses have almost always been looked on as no better than fools at the beginning of their career, and very frequently at the end of it also.
The prince says that the world will be saved by beauty! And I maintain that the reason he has such playful ideas is that he is in love.
Pass by us, and forgive us our happiness.
Man is unhappy because he doesn't know he's happy. It's only that.
There is no sin, and there can be no sin on all the earth, which the Lord will not forgive to the truly repentant! Man cannot commit a sin so great as to exhaust the infinite love of God. Can there be a sin which could exceed the love of God?
Fathers and teachers, I ponder, "What is hell?" I maintain that it is the suffering of being unable to love.
People talk sometimes of a bestial cruelty, but that's a great injustice and insult to the beasts; a beast can never be so cruel as a man, so artistically cruel. The tiger only tears and gnaws, that's all he can do. He would never think of nailing people by the ears, even if he were able to do it.
Beauty is a terrible and awful thing! It is terrible because it has not been fathomed, for God sets us nothing but riddles. Here the boundaries meet and all contradictions exist side by side.
In most cases, people, even the most vicious, are much more naive and simple-minded than we assume them to be. And this is true of ourselves too.
Even those who have renounced Christianity and attack it, in their inmost being still follow the Christian ideal, for hitherto neither their subtlety nor the ardor of their hearts has been able to create a higher ideal of man and of virtue than the ideal given by Christ.
If they drive God from the earth, we shall shelter Him underground.
What terrible tragedies realism inflicts on people.
To be in love is not the same as loving. You can be in love with a woman and still hate her.
The more I detest men individually the more ardent becomes my love for humanity.
I think the devil doesn't exist, but man has created him, he has created him in his own image and likeness.
If countries were named after the words you first hear when you go there, England would have to be called Damn It.
Where the frontier of science once was is now the centre.
It's THAT good?!
A book which, above all others in the world, should be forbidden, is a catalogue of forbidden books.
Astronomy is perhaps the science whose discoveries owe least to chance, in which human understanding appears in its whole magnitude, and through which man can best learn how small he is.
Erudition can produce foliage without bearing fruit.
Even truth needs to be clad in new garments if it is to appeal to a new age.
When a book and a head collide and a hollow sound is heard, must it always have come from the book?
We are obliged to regard many of our original minds as crazy  at least until we have become as clever as they are.
A handful of soldiers is always better than a mouthful of arguments.
Nothing can contribute more to peace of soul than the lack of any opinion whatsoever.
If you are going to build something in the air it is always better to build castles than houses of cards.
Even impartiality is partial.
Much reading has brought upon us a learned barbarism.
It is almost impossible to bear the torch of truth through a crowd without singeing somebodys beard.
There are very many people who read simply to prevent themselves from thinking.
The human tendency to regard little things as important has produced very many great things.
We accumulate our opinions at an age when our understanding is at its weakest.
The most dangerous untruths are truths moderately distorted.
He who is enamored of himself will at least have the advantage of being inconvenienced by few rivals.
He who is in love with himself has at least this advantage  he won't encounter many rivals.
The most perfect ape cannot draw an ape; only man can do that; but, likewise, only man regards the ability to do this as a sign of superiority.
Nothing makes one old so quickly as the ever-present thought that one is growing older.
Man loves company  even if it is only that of a small burning candle.
There were honest people long before there were Christians and there are, God be praised, still honest people where there are no Christians.
The death of a talented man always saddens me, as the world needs them more than heaven does.
We're of an age.
"I wonder what this is", asked Tony.
I've had a lot on my mind lately.
I've had a lot on my mind these past few days.
It looked like Tom had a lot on his mind today.
I have trouble falling asleep because I always have a lot on my mind.
When I have a lot on my mind, sometimes I forget to eat.
I've had a lot on my mind recently and have had trouble falling asleep at night.
I was sitting next to a man who clearly had a lot on his mind.
Tom clearly had a lot on his mind.
Apparently, Tom had a lot on his mind, so I just left him alone.
Tom had a lot on his mind, so he wasn't paying enough attention to his driving.
Obviously, Tom had a lot on his mind, but I had no choice but to ask him to spend some time helping us with our problems.
We will win the battle.
"We have carried the day, Sir!" exclaimed the adjutant to the general as the heavy cavalry smashed through the opposing lines.
I agree with you completely.
Optical radar uses light, unlike normal radar, which uses radio waves.
Magdalena and Ania are good friends.
Both Magdalena and Ania are from Poland.
Ania is interested in computers.
Magdalena is interested in geography.
Also Piotr and Lech are good friends.
Both Piotr and Lech are from Poland.
Piotr is interested in soccer.
Lech is interested in history.
He was declared bankrupt.
Piotr has black hair but Lech has blond hair.
Ania has brown hair, but Magdalena has blonde hair.
Magdalena and Lech are thirteen.
Ania and Piotr are twelve.
I am married to a Polish woman.
She blushed bright red.
I will marry a beautiful Estonian woman.
My wife's name is Lidia Zarbowa.
We have got two daughters and two sons.
My elder daughter is Magdalena Zarbwna.
My elder son is Lech Zarba.
My wife Lidia is a beautiful, clever woman.
Lidia has blonde straight hair.
Lidia, can you cook some food to Magdalena, Ania, Piotr and Lech?
My best friend Felicja is here.
He is enrolled at that university.
Felicja is married to a handsome man called Lazarz.
He is a cruel person.
Felicja's children think that their father Lazarz is more handsome than Justin Bieber.
Children of azarz think their mother Felicja is the most beautiful woman in the world.
Also Felicja has blonde straight hair.
I love both Lidia and Felicja.
Felicja's mother is a Polish of Romanian origin.
Bogdana is the mother of Felicja.
My elder daughter Magdalena is like an angel.
My name is not "You guys".
I want you to want me.
We roped in some major partners.
A pizza? Yea, that works.
The horse came in first.
The horse placed first.
My child cannot say "Kinpira style sauteed Gobo", he always says "Pinkira style sauteed Bogo" instead.
My kid can't say "Kinpiragobo", he always says "Kinpirabogo" instead.
My child cannot say "Kinpira style sauteed great burdock", he always says "Kinpira style sauteed Dockbur" instead.
I have a small fever.
Oh, that kid went to sleep without eating supper.
My special talent is that I become friends with anybody, anywhere, anytime.
I don't like being treated this way.
Everything in your stupid country smells like feet and shattered dreams.
Lately I try for health reasons to go to bed early and to wake up early.
What she said sounds strange.
Magdalena is very polite to me.
