The student came back from London.
The boy is thirsty.
Schools were built.
These are birds.
I shook hands with the former student.
Don't argue when you are angry and don't eat when you are full.
These are two nice pictures.
These are two pictures with a nice frame.
This is a beneficial work.
This is a work that benefits others.
In order to learn from mistakes, we construct a "no blame" system.
When will we stop sitting by and watching?
She finally found her missing keys.
My last husband was really stupid.
He went to the store at the last minute, just before it closed.
He's the last person I would ask help from, because he is completely unreliable.
The speech lasted thirty minutes.
The rainy weather lasted for ten days straight.
Yes, the milk will last till Friday.
He is ill.
He is sick.
The play is at eight o'clock.
I have been to Rome.
She is having dinner.
We are playing tennis this weekend.
My wallet was stolen yesterday.
The women of France are beautiful.
An uncle of mine is a doctor.
The secretary is tired of typing.
There's a monster under my bed.
There's a boogeyman under my bed.
He walked to the house.
He went to the shop.
In the summer, the temperature ranges from thirty to forty degrees Celsius.
Manchester United won the match, four to two.
Where are you going to?
I left your book in the car.
He entered the room after you left.
I'll be leaving in March.
She works in marketing.
Call me again in two days.
Some politicians are considered to have caused that incident.
She spoke to me in Spanish.
It is important to remember who your friends are.
Do you like that?
I'm not sure if I like this one or that one.
It's not that easy to learn a new language after fifty.
From the direction that he was going in, I would say he was headed to town.
The small fork is for your salad, and the large one is for the main course.
He only paid ten dollars for that shirt.
I don't want to do his work for him.
They went to the movies last night.
I like fishing.
Give me the key to this lock!
Give me the key to this castle!
If it rains, call me.
He's at home right now.
The train leaves at nine o'clock.
She's at a meeting.
There's a drinking fountain by the tennis court.
We always walk by the post office on the way to work.
You must have the report done by Monday.
Should we go by car or by taxi?
Hamlet is a play by Shakespeare.
I know him by his first name.
She bought eggs by the dozen.
I'm talking about this pen, not that one over there on the desk.
What did you do this morning?
We are going to the cinema.
Oh, we don't do that here in Spain.
What do you actually do in the office?
I'll do the dishes, since you've cooked.
I may be old, but I can still ride a bike.
They couldn't do anything but stand there and stare.
I am from Norway.
Do you want the green or the blue?
Which color do you like more, blue or red?
She can count from one to ten.
Look for a sign with a big "one" on it.
I only need one onion for this recipe.
I would go to the library if I had a car to get there.
Her father left her the house in his will.
She accomplished the task through sheer will.
Chapter three is the end of the beginning of the book. Stop there and read the critic's comments.
There has to be a way.
Who ate the bread?
When did she leave? Was it at four or five PM?
I can carry those suitcases for you.
She can play the piano.
Can I borrow your car tonight?
This shop has more candy than that shop.
I need more time to finish my homework.
If the statement is true, then we will have to accept the conclusion.
I'll only buy the car if they fix the brakes first.
Do you know if he's coming to the party?
Her new novel will be out next month.
I'm afraid the doctor is out.
The lights are out.
We're out of sugar.
I just have one other thing to do.
The others will arrive in a few minutes.
Not that shirt, the other one.
I'm hungry, so I'm going to get something to eat.
He was so mad that he forgot to eat dinner.
There were twenty or so people there.
What do you want to eat?
What? I can't hear you.
What! You didn't really do that?
"What time is it?" "It's 3:20."
At the time, we were just fifteen years old.
We have eaten there three times.
Turn up the music!
He got up at eight in the morning.
The band upped the number of shows in their tour.
I'm going to London this summer.
You'd better go. It's getting late.
We still have ten miles to go.
I am going to be a doctor.
This book is about a king who loses his crown.
What do you think about the president's speech?
I heard a crash at about ten o'clock last night.
She is smarter than he is.
I would rather sing than dance.
His car ran into a tree.
When Ahmad was a boy, he could climb tall trees.
There are fifty states in the union.
In 1948, a Jewish state was founded.
There are twelve months in a year.
This project will take at least a year to finish.
Keep your hair on!
What is your blood type?
I couldn't help but laugh.
Hasn't the parcel arrived yet?
Have you written down the phone number?
She always got up early.
My cat doesn't like to get wet.
The sun is shining.
This is an interesting book.
This book seems interesting.
It was a new book.
Whose book is it?
This book belongs to the school library.
I'm giving a pill to the cat.
I have to bathe the cat today.
Magnesium is a chemical element.
I don't feel like drinking vodka.
The students are listening to a history lecture.
Her salary is very high.
All these books are mine.
Do you need this book?
Cats don't like water.
She wanted to travel.
Sorry I didn't catch up after, but James was right crook so we left early.
Josiah was eight years old when he began to reign, and he reigned in Jerusalem one and thirty years.
In the case of patient death during the course of medical treatment, even if there is medical error present, it is not automatically legally considered to be an "unusual death."
Is it normal for male teachers to make eyes at female students?
Do not bend or fold!
I'm very pleased to meet you today.
How have you been recently?
Are you busy these days?
In order to overcome the data gap, I developed a simple methodology.
It's not an impossible request.
Only a few people didn't go there.
The bullet went through his body.
We went through St. Louis on the way to New Orleans.
It was cold here through March.
He failed his exams through not studying enough.
I'm very busy these days!
Auntie Wang, it's me.
You want to drink tea or coffee?
I think she probably just thinks of herself as one of the boys.
Is that anyway to speak to your elders and betters!
Are you serious?
Really?
While there are some people who use the Internet to learn foreign languages, there are others, living on less than a dollar a day, who cannot even read their own language.
Very regrettably, 1,square meters of land become desert every second.
It's very interesting that in Chinese the concept of tense does not exist.
The world around you is ... just a little kinder ... even more than you think.
Sorrrry. I couldn't sleep last night, and so I overslept. Teehee!
My mother was a Japanese National Railways station attendant from until 1987.
I had never heard anyone speak of him before.
He does not know the difference between right and left.
Too bad.
Christmas drew near.
Christmas approached.
When I want to cry, I think of you.
A person cannot understand another person completely.
This town's way of thinking is rotten.
Suddenly my heart hurts.
I'm sorry I'm late replying to your email.
A hundred and fifty diplomats came to that conference.
That museum has a superb collection of Celtic era cultural artifacts.
Today, I want to go home already.
It was proven that fleas living on dogs jump higher than fleas living on cats.
Among wild ducks, it seems there are homosexual necrophiliacs.
Shall we eat this Pocky from both ends?
We're lovers so we hold hands at least, right?
That looked like Mr. Tanaka, but actually it was a shoebox.
Despite being fascinated with English, many Japanese don't even try to study it.
I wonder if the sea level really will rise when the ice at the North Pole melts.
Suicide is a leading cause of death in the country with the longest life expectancy.
It ain't like we gotta sell stuff, you know.
He earns at least $1,dollars a week.
He mastered all he was taught.
Mom is about to enter the bath.
Collective responsibility means irresponsibility.
His illness was mainly psychological.
We shall see.
Let's take a look.
He is no longer a child.
She can't drive a car.
I can't stay here forever.
How are you?
I can love.
Hello!
That's a hair-raising thought.
First, remove the burrs.
Her new novel has become a best seller.
She is still financially dependent on her parents.
She will be happy when she gets married.
Defenestrate your clock to see how time flies.
I don't like this watch.
Fresh Reader, three times more interesting than Twitter (IMO)
Around 30% increase in power seen in in-house comparisons with previous model.
He was coming to the airport to meet Mr West.
He is a waiter and also an actor.
He is wearing a wool sweater.
Sawako wants to go to France.
I had a terrible dream.
This school was founded in 1650.
She's a tease.
That's a mindfuck.
I am afraid of dogs.
I was more than a little disappointed.
He lives in Tokyo.
The work must be completed by tomorrow.
I'm French.
Perfect!
The radio is broken.
Could you lend me your radio?
I can understand what you are saying.
I was afraid I should be late.
Some children are swimming in the river.
It's really easy for me to speak Japanese.
I have been to Paris.
He likes traveling and so do I.
He climbed down from the tree.
The price of oil is down this week.
Do you own a computer?
He just missed the bus.
You want another cup of tea? I've just made you one!
I just want a straight answer. Nothing more.
Their punishment was harsh, but just.
I was late because of the traffic.
Thank you!
My name is Wang.
I'm too ashamed.
He comes from Hangzhou.
Can you speak Shanghainese?
I understand it a little, but I can't speak it.
I'm a salesman for our company.
Grab the meat before it burns to a crisp!
The sum of the squares of the legs is equal to the square of the hypotenuse.
He was on the way to the airport to meet Mr West.
No autumn fruit without spring blossom.
You're never going to give in, are you?
What good will that do?
I bumped into Miru at the school gates, just as she was arriving from the girls' dormitory.
Thanks for the invite.
She pressed the child to her breast.
What happened?
Watch out!
You must not be afraid of making mistakes when learning a language.
This verb is normally used only in the third person.
Why does everybody have to reply to them when you can just ignore the cracked-sounding ones?
What! This T-shirt is 3,yen? This is a rip-off!
He was assertive by nature.
There are two or three pens on the desk.
Instead of going myself, I sent a letter.
Instead of going myself, I sent a gift.
What is new?
What were you doing?
Now you be good while I'm gone, do you hear?
Is that milk still good?
Each cat has its own personality.
Each of them has his own car.
He felt her hand on his shoulder.
I feel hungry.
Did you see how he looked at me?
Do you know how to fix this TV?
The stock reached its high point last July.
He talks too much.
Shall we go to my place or yours?
He placed the book on the shelf.
The river is six miles deep in some areas and the only way to cross it is using a pulley and a rope.
I am okay.
That was fun.
It is their only choice.
They are watching what's happening closely.
One drop of the poison is enough to kill people.
Cobras are always very alert.
Snakes are -to a certain extent- deaf, but can still hear very low sounds and are very sensitive to smells.
Mayan pyramids and large temples were built elegantly using stone tools.
Kites were invented 2,years ago.
Yes, that was amazing. Unbelievable!
Are you ready?
Having reached the rank of prime minister, and with the enthusiastic support of the masses, it seems he is able to wield presidential powers.
Money is heavier than life.
Bill often breaks his promises.
I do not understand.
I don't understand.
We found a turtle in the garden.
Mrs. Dalloway said she would buy the flowers herself.
It was a bright cold day in April, and the clocks were striking thirteen.
The hair on the instep of the foot of the stepfather of Father Pedro's mason is black. Whoever says the hair of the inset of the foot of the stepfather of Father Pedro's mason isn't black has blacker hair on the instep of the foot than the black hair of the instep of the foot of the stepfather of Father Pedro's mason.
This pamphlet is free of charge.
I am honored to be in the timeless city of Cairo, and to be hosted by two remarkable institutions. For over a thousand years, Al-Azhar has stood as a beacon of Islamic learning, and for over a century, Cairo University has been a source of Egypt's advancement.
Together, you represent the harmony between tradition and progress.
I am grateful for your hospitality, and the hospitality of the people of Egypt.
I am also proud to carry with me the goodwill of the American people, and a greeting of peace from Muslim communities in my country: assalaamu alaykum.
We meet at a time of tension between the United States and Muslims around the world – tension rooted in historical forces that go beyond any current policy debate.
The relationship between Islam and the West includes centuries of co-existence and cooperation, but also conflict and religious wars.
More recently, tension has been fed by colonialism that denied rights and opportunities to many Muslims, and a Cold War in which Muslim-majority countries were too often treated as proxies without regard to their own aspirations.
Moreover, the sweeping change brought by modernity and globalization led many Muslims to view the West as hostile to the traditions of Islam.
Violent extremists have exploited these tensions in a small but potent minority of Muslims.
The attacks of September 11th, and the continued efforts of these extremists to engage in violence against civilians has led some in my country to view Islam as inevitably hostile not only to America and Western countries, but also to human rights.
This has bred more fear and mistrust.
So long as our relationship is defined by our differences, we will empower those who sow hatred rather than peace, and who promote conflict rather than the cooperation that can help all of our people achieve justice and prosperity.
This cycle of suspicion and discord must end.
I have come here to seek a new beginning between the United States and Muslims around the world; one based upon mutual interest and mutual respect; and one based upon the truth that America and Islam are not exclusive, and need not be in competition. Instead, they overlap, and share common principles – principles of justice and progress; tolerance and the dignity of all human beings.
I do so recognizing that change cannot happen overnight.
No single speech can eradicate years of mistrust, nor can I answer in the time that I have all the complex questions that brought us to this point.
But I am convinced that in order to move forward, we must say openly the things we hold in our hearts, and that too often are said only behind closed doors.
There must be a sustained effort to listen to each other; to learn from each other; to respect one another; and to seek common ground.
As the Holy Koran tells us, "Be conscious of God and speak always the truth."
That is what I will try to do – to speak the truth as best I can, humbled by the task before us, and firm in my belief that the interests we share as human beings are far more powerful than the forces that drive us apart.
Part of this conviction is rooted in my own experience.
I am a Christian, but my father came from a Kenyan family that includes generations of Muslims.
As a boy, I spent several years in Indonesia and heard the call of the azaan at the break of dawn and the fall of dusk.
As a young man, I worked in Chicago communities where many found dignity and peace in their Muslim faith.
As a student of history, I also know civilization's debt to Islam. It was Islam – at places like Al-Azhar University – that carried the light of learning through so many centuries, paving the way for Europe's Renaissance and Enlightenment.
It was innovation in Muslim communities that developed the order of algebra; our magnetic compass and tools of navigation; our mastery of pens and printing; our understanding of how disease spreads and how it can be healed.
Islamic culture has given us majestic arches and soaring spires; timeless poetry and cherished music; elegant calligraphy and places of peaceful contemplation.
And throughout history, Islam has demonstrated through words and deeds the possibilities of religious tolerance and racial equality.
I know, too, that Islam has always been a part of America's story. The first nation to recognize my country was Morocco.
In signing the Treaty of Tripoli in 1796, our second President John Adams wrote, "The United States has in itself no character of enmity against the laws, religion or tranquility of Muslims."
And since our founding, American Muslims have enriched the United States. They have fought in our wars, served in government, stood for civil rights, started businesses, taught at our Universities, excelled in our sports arenas, won Nobel Prizes, built our tallest building, and lit the Olympic Torch.
And when the first Muslim-American was recently elected to Congress, he took the oath to defend our Constitution using the same Holy Koran that one of our Founding Fathers – Thomas Jefferson – kept in his personal library.
So I have known Islam on three continents before coming to the region where it was first revealed.
That experience guides my conviction that partnership between America and Islam must be based on what Islam is, not what it isn't. And I consider it part of my responsibility as President of the United States to fight against negative stereotypes of Islam wherever they appear.
But that same principle must apply to Muslim perceptions of America. Just as Muslims do not fit a crude stereotype, America is not the crude stereotype of a self-interested empire.
The United States has been one of the greatest sources of progress that the world has ever known.
We were born out of revolution against an empire.
We were founded upon the ideal that all are created equal, and we have shed blood and struggled for centuries to give meaning to those words – within our borders, and around the world.
We are shaped by every culture, drawn from every end of the Earth, and dedicated to a simple concept: E pluribus unum: "Out of many, one."
Much has been made of the fact that an African-American with the name Barack Hussein Obama could be elected President. But my personal story is not so unique.
The dream of opportunity for all people has not come true for everyone in America, but its promise exists for all who come to our shores – that includes nearly seven million American Muslims in our country today who enjoy incomes and education that are higher than average.
Moreover, freedom in America is indivisible from the freedom to practice one's religion. That is why there is a mosque in every state of our union, and over 1,mosques within our borders.
That is why the U.S. government has gone to court to protect the right of women and girls to wear the hijab, and to punish those who would deny it.
So let there be no doubt: Islam is a part of America. And I believe that America holds within her the truth that regardless of race, religion, or station in life, all of us share common aspirations – to live in peace and security; to get an education and to work with dignity; to love our families, our communities, and our God. These things we share. This is the hope of all humanity.
Of course, recognizing our common humanity is only the beginning of our task.
Words alone cannot meet the needs of our people. These needs will be met only if we act boldly in the years ahead; and if we understand that the challenges we face are shared, and our failure to meet them will hurt us all.
For we have learned from recent experience that when a financial system weakens in one country, prosperity is hurt everywhere.
When a new flu infects one human being, all are at risk.
When one nation pursues a nuclear weapon, the risk of nuclear attack rises for all nations.
When violent extremists operate in one stretch of mountains, people are endangered across an ocean.
And when innocents in Bosnia and Darfur are slaughtered, that is a stain on our collective conscience.
That is what it means to share this world in the 21st century. That is the responsibility we have to one another as human beings.
This is a difficult responsibility to embrace. For human history has often been a record of nations and tribes subjugating one another to serve their own interests. Yet in this new age, such attitudes are self-defeating.
Given our interdependence, any world order that elevates one nation or group of people over another will inevitably fail. So whatever we think of the past, we must not be prisoners of it.
Our problems must be dealt with through partnership; progress must be shared.
If you arrive home before me, please feel free to have a few drinks and relax.
The notice in the park said "Keep off the grass".
That does not mean we should ignore sources of tension. Indeed, it suggests the opposite: we must face these tensions squarely.
And so in that spirit, let me speak as clearly and plainly as I can about some specific issues that I believe we must finally confront together.
The first issue that we have to confront is violent extremism in all of its forms.
In Ankara, I made clear that America is not – and never will be – at war with Islam. We will, however, relentlessly confront violent extremists who pose a grave threat to our security.
Because we reject the same thing that people of all faiths reject: the killing of innocent men, women, and children. And it is my first duty as President to protect the American people.
The situation in Afghanistan demonstrates America's goals, and our need to work together.
Over seven years ago, the United States pursued al Qaeda and the Taliban with broad international support. We did not go by choice, we went because of necessity.
I am aware that some question or justify the events of 9/11. But let us be clear: al Qaeda killed nearly 3,people on that day.
The victims were innocent men, women and children from America and many other nations who had done nothing to harm anybody. And yet Al Qaeda chose to ruthlessly murder these people, claimed credit for the attack, and even now states their determination to kill on a massive scale.
They have affiliates in many countries and are trying to expand their reach. These are not opinions to be debated; these are facts to be dealt with.
Make no mistake: we do not want to keep our troops in Afghanistan. We seek no military bases there.
It is agonizing for America to lose our young men and women.
It is costly and politically difficult to continue this conflict.
We don't like the rain.
Betty killed his mother.
Marie is helping his mother.
They weren't able to discover any secrets.
She hugged the baby to her breast.
He submitted his written opinion.
One hair of a woman draws more than a team of oxen.
Fine. And you?
Where is the nearest bench?
Why did you paint the bank red?
Please go to the bench.
His objective is to become a teacher.
Do you speak English?
Clean the room.
Canada has a cold climate.
In Venice, there are always lots of tourists.
I have a question.
Will they break the ten-second mark in the hundred-metre race?
When will he be back?
A poet looks at the world as a man looks at a woman.
In Nara there are lots of deer!
I didn't know that song.
He is in hospital.
I have a dog.
I saw a dog.
My sister is fond of music.
My sister adores music.
Sally is two years senior to Ken.
My sister often cries.
Where is the telephone book?
The worm bends.
The river invaded the whole region.
Good question!
The Shitennouji is the most ancient temple in Japan.
You must not eat too much ice-cream and spaghetti.
Hackers find new ways of infiltrating private or public networks.
I want to go to Kyoto.
Because of the fog, the airplane has been rerouted to Munich.
I want to go to Tokyo.
Today, I saw a star.
Today, I saw a starling.
The problem will be easier to solve if you write the system of equations as a matrix.
At the atomic scale we observe quantum mechanical effects that can not be explained by classical mechanics.
Most computers these days are based on the von Neumann architecture.
Most computers made today are equipped with multi-core processors.
The surface of a balloon is not an Euclidean space, and therefore does not follow the rules of Euclidean geometry.
Vectors need not correspond to a physical quantity; anything can be a vector space as long as vector addition and scalar multiplication is defined.
He began to suspect something was wrong when the seller didn't allow him to test the item before buying it.
My name is Andrea.
Next summer, I want to go to Hawaii.
How far have you got on that job?
Who was the man killed on the hill?
You are looking for your key.
It snows.
Is it true?
That name is Ken.
On the dictionaries there's nothing but dust, at least on mine.
It is snowing.
Can you please tell me where the nearest public telephone is?
We also have lenses in our assortment.
We also have lentils in our assortment.
There is a melon on the table.
There is a bowler hat on the table.
It's twenty past six.
Don't worry about it, I'll go myself.
Since I broke my foot, I'm walking with crutches.
Do you want to go?
Goodbye! When you have more time, come back and play!
I am right-handed.
No matter how you say it, I'm not going to listen to you.
It was less than fifteen dollars.
Latin is a dead language.
They can fish.
There is more moorland in Northern Germany than in Southern Germany.
There are more pagans in Northern Germany than in Southern Germany.
I don't ever want to see you again.
Most of the students here are diligent.
My surname is Zhou.
Don't forget the receipt.
Sorry to trouble you.
So I'll come see you off.
Stay for a while.
They were hungry.
I'm an atheist.
I was accustomed to heat.
Children hate annoying teachers.
I'll call you my boss.
This ugly yellow reminds me of the color of your bedsheets.
No one knows her name.
No one knows their name.
I found the empty box.
He is Li Ying.
You are an idiot!
That dress really becomes him.
What the hell is this?
I don't understand what you're trying to say.
Foreigners astound me.
Only the Portuguese language has mesoclises.
Could you change my room for me?
It was his wish to go to Paris.
Shall we go home?
That sounds interesting. What did you tell him?
His garden is a work of art.
His eyes were shining with joy.
You didn't tell her anything?
I gave her what little money I had with me.
I decided on telling him of my love.
I decided to tell her that I love him.
I decided to tell him that I love her.
I plan to watch a game at the baseball field the day after tomorrow.
I have a memory like a goldfish.
He emphasised carrying out promises made to the people, but he failed to uphold many commitments.
He believed the Earth round.
He bought flour and oil in quantity.
He bound twigs in faggots.
He admitted the visitor to the living-room.
He believes there to be a spy among us.
He boasts himself an artist.
The question is where should we park our car.
He's crazy about you.
Nicolas dedicated a script to me today.
The boy began to scream.
Why doesn't he come back?
I want a camomile.
A child is playing harp.
I already told you he isn't here.
Have you eaten yet?
Will Gore stand as presidential candidate?
Butter, bread and green cheese; whoever can't say that is not an upright Frisian.
The boy stroked the girl on the chin and kissed her on the cheeks.
He is my friend. Do you guys know him?
I can't tell you the truth.
I play the piano.
She wants to be a heroine.
She can't be happy with us. Let her go.
He needs money.
I'd rather give up than have you taken by another woman
We don't know him.
Today I'm working a little late so as to avoid a rush in the morning.
Let's take a tea break.
Don't talk rubbish.
I want a cup of tea.
I can't stop thinking about that.
She came to me and said something that I didn't understand at all.
He misses his family.
She lost her money, her family, her friends.
Can you teach me how to steal?
Can you teach me how to fly?
Do you have that in blue?
You really exaggerate returning at this time.
It wants five minutes to nine.
It's getting late. I gotta go.
This is Mr. Smith.
He was discovered unconscious on the floor of the kitchen.
He said hello to the woman.
This isn't Mandarin, it's Shanghainese.
Sometimes, things are more beautiful when you look at them from a different angle.
I see tears in your eyes.
In the distance I hear the sound of softly murmuring roads.
I have to leave you.
The girl sings and dances and then laughs at me.
He'll become a father soon.
The sun has been shining over our country for ages.
As always, I could only hope the police wouldn't stop me.
Only people who enjoy life ride a bicycle and always are there faster.
Today I love the entire world.
I don't remember your name.
Everything is upside down.
A banker's life is difficult.
Magda marries a Spaniard.
Maciek lost his life in December.
In the morning, the birds started to sing.
What are you crying about, sweetheart?
Every evening, a nightingale would sing us songs.
Unfortunately, my birthday is only once a year.
Nobody would visit me on my birthday.
The sun is rising already.
I know that all of this is just a game.
I don't know why she isn't in my dreams. Maybe she doesn't want to be there in order not to disturb me.
He greeted the lady.
I remembered my mother, who died suddenly.
I dedicate this book to my daughter.
Is there an elevator?
I don't remember!
I couldn't stand looking at it.
I have two nieces.
Did it not occur to you to close the windows?
If you could assist me, it would be a great help.
Diane is your half sister, too.
I am just a traveller who seeks the purity of the soul.
omg a n00b pwned me!
I want to speak about my love.
Nobody speaks to me.
I see fireworks!
I think my German is really fucked up.
No, I'm not afraid of ghosts.
We met on Sunday.
Today is a national holiday.
It's raining cats and dogs.
That village has changed a lot from how it was years ago.
I don't have a spare shirt.
I have a lot of flowers.
This flower is a type of rose.
What was the weather yesterday?
Is this a recent photo?
Well, OK. Continue.
You feel lonesome, don't you?
Xiaoming Wang has never been to America. He really wants to go next year.
You have to pay special attention to what you eat and drink.
Whenever I hear this song, I think of his smile.
She said she will go to Paris in August.
It's too bad the college dining hall doesn't have fig cookies.
So sorry to keep you waiting so long.
The bell rang.
If possible, I'd like to travel around the world.
Excuse me, what time is it?
You're so beautiful!
Hearing about what other people are learning reinforces my own learning.
Won't you have another piece of cake?
Can I offer you another piece of cake?
That bell rings at eight.
Nicolas means that romanization of the Cyrillic alphabet is as beautiful as the sun, which burns your eyes when you look at it.
We look up to him because of how polite he is.
Write a paragraph using adjectives to describe the person's appearance.
You can drink water, but you can also pass it.
You can drink water, but you can also let it be.
You should apologize to her for being so distant.
You can drink water, but you can also let it walk.
Why did you paint the couch red?
Jane is not such a bad person.
I don't know how to thank you.
Different people believe in different things, but there is only one truth.
When you have things you don't understand written on you, what will you do, if you get unexpected results?
Fishing often starts to go with the start of the Ayu season.
She is recognized to be an expert on linguistics.
Dear passengers! If you get on a means of transport and don't have a season ticket, punch a one-time ticket without waiting for the next station.
They claimed that he'd killed her.
This vending machine was destroyed by hoodlums last night.
She thanked for the present.
That's dead normal.
Is that okay?
Who still takes time for a long letter to a friend?
Do we care?
We are both looking for something that isn't there.
I'm making far journeys, seeing foreign countries, doing things I never did before.
I was drifting about aimlessly.
I was searching for something that didn't exist.
I just can't forget about you.
Is it really all over?
I don't have a sword.
Why don't you give me what I want to have?
If you say, "I love you," then I will also say that to you.
You just don't do anything wrong.
I love you just as you are.
Actually I wanted to be a damsel in a tower guarded by seven dragons, and then a prince on a white horse would chop off the dragons' heads and liberate me.
"When will you come back?" "It all depends on the weather."
What's the weather like there?
The plane was three hours late due to bad weather.
The weather forecast said tonight it will rain.
Will the weather be good tomorrow?
May the force be with you.
"Are these cars yours?" "Yes, they are mine."
I can teach you how to drive.
He painted his bicycle red.
The train leaves at o'clock.
He is learning how to drive a car.
He is not a good driver.
I will give you a bike for your birthday.
How long does it take to get to the train station?
My bike was stolen last night.
Whose bike is this?
This is my bike.
This bike needs to be repaired.
His bicycle is blue.
Oh, I know this man!
My Chinese teacher is a man.
I am a man.
The party was a success.
After eight months passed and his broken heart healed, George eventually started dating girls again.
Some people like sports. Others don't.
My dad doesn't like soccer.
I don't like working at the bank.
He really likes baseball.
Do you like music?
He likes hunting.
Ogai is his favorite author.
I always enjoy listening to classical music in my free time.
She likes cooking for her family.
He likes oranges.
Nobody likes war.
Mike really likes animals.
Nobody expects the Spanish Inquisition!
I don't like school.
I really like the concept of this website.
It's hard to say what the weather will be like tomorrow.
If it rains tomorrow, I'll just stay at home.
I need to know tomorrow.
Are you going out tomorrow?
I'll go shopping tomorrow.
I'll stay at home tomorrow.
If it rains tomorrow, we'll stay at home.
If it rains tomorrow, I won't go to the picnic.
Don't be late to school tomorrow.
Tomorrow is Christmas.
I hope I can see you at Christmas.
Rabbits stuck their noses out.
This city is cold and lonely without you.
We have three airplanes.
Lemma cannot be generalized to arbitrary artinian rings.
In particular, the endomorphism ring of M is a commutative local ring.
He stopped reading newspapers.
A module is said to be semisimple if it is the sum of simple submodules.
"A is equivalent to B" has the same meaning as "A is true if and only if B is true".
Prove that P is a poset.
Prove that P is a partially ordered set.
I'm going to be late for school!
You have dealt well with Your servant, O LORD, according to Your word.
The fastest way to travel is by plane.
How could I be a robot? Robots can't dream.
Computers are complicated machines.
This factory manufactures CD players.
It doesn't matter whether the cat is black or white as long as it catches mice.
Dogs have a keen sense of smell.
Even if he does something bad, he'll never admit it.
A cat came out from under the desk.
Let's start the party.
I wonder if she'll recognize me after all these years.
You have three cats.
I'll never forget your kindness as long as I live.
People love to check out each other's houses.
It's a little cold today.
This data isn't accurate at all.
The moon is already out.
I expect him to come at any moment.
That kind of thing can't be found just anywhere.
He was drunk and forgot to shut the back door.
Can you tell silver and tin apart?
Do you know the difference between silver and tin?
Whose house is across from yours?
He's the most valuable player on our team.
Are you related to the Nagashimas?
You should apologize to your father for not getting home in time for dinner.
The house is burning.
He came even though I told him not to.
Please hand this in at the front desk.
Let's begin.
Let's start!
He swims better than I do.
He's accustomed to traveling.
The court declared him innocent on the charge of murder.
That program is now being broadcast.
I forgot to telephone him today.
Generally, women live years longer than men.
Women usually live years longer than men do.
Living a busy life, he usually doesn't see his family.
I have a high fever.
He left the house without saying goodbye.
"That's cheap. I'll take ten yards," the girl answered.
In order to buy a foreign car, he worked very hard.
He worked very hard so he could buy a foreign car.
We have time to spare.
I'm not yet used to writing business letters.
There are still a lot of dishes on the table.
What are your weekend plans?
What're your plans for the weekend?
John is a member of the swimming club.
John is in the swimming club.
What he likes is jelly.
He's out taking a walk.
In Japan, the new semester begins in April.
He glanced over the newspaper before turning in.
We can't trust him because he often tells lies.
Grace goes to the telephone upstairs.
Grace goes upstairs to the extension telephone.
Do you know whether or not Grace is at home?
Mr. Grey didn't enjoy his work.
Grace looked angry.
Graham Greene is one of my favorite authors.
Graham Greene is a favorite author of mine.
I need to do some shopping since Christmas is coming soon.
How many more days are there until Christmas?
Please wrap it like a Christmas present.
Christmas is soon, right?
Christmas is soon, isn't it?
Christmas is soon.
Christmas is just two weeks from now.
Christmas is December 25th.
On Christmas Day, Tom's right leg was still in a cast.
Make your airplane reservations early since flights fill up quickly around Christmas.
What did you buy her for Christmas?
Christmas is coming.
Christmas is coming soon.
Have a good Christmas.
He's afraid of dogs.
Ken's dog is very big.
I have a black and white speckled dog.
I don't have time for reading.
I find this book is very difficult to read.
Are you really going to London to study?
This book is really difficult to finish reading in a week.
Of course I should read this book.
I have never read such a scary novel.
How do you say this word?
He spent the evening reading.
He is in college.
He reads the newspaper every morning.
If you learn Chinese well, you can go study in China.
All but she answered the question.
I prefer mature cheese.
Don't tell anyone our plan.
He is American.
Who is that woman in the brown coat?
The man you saw yesterday is my uncle.
Kent is a born leader.
How many people are there in your family?
Can anyone pronounce this word?
This bomb can kill a lot of people.
Nobody believes what I say.
I see a woman wearing black.
This is the house where she used to live.
This is the pencil that she used to write it.
Without water, we cannot exist.
Put the egg into boiling water.
We can depend on her to help us.
This fruit is shaped like an orange and tastes like a pineapple.
We know that she was born in Canada.
Please give me a cup of water.
You can't drink seawater because it is too salty.
This river flows rapidly.
While I was talking on the phone, she came to see me.
Many homes were washed away by the flood.
Fresh fruit is good for your health.
You told me that she was kind and she really is.
This bottle is able to contain two liters of hot water.
Water is made up of oxygen and hydrogen.
Due to the water shortage, all the flowers in the garden have died.
Oil and water don't mix.
He earns twice as much as me.
Strictly speaking, the tomato is a fruit.
He wiped the sweat from his face.
He's picky about suits and ties.
Are you Chinese or Japanese?
He came back from China.
He leaves for China tomorrow.
When I met her the other day, she asked about my parents.
When I was about to leave my house, I got a telephone call from her.
As far as the teacher was concerned, she was a joy to teach.
For the teacher, teaching her was fun.
I don't know her.
It's high time for bed.
That table cloth urgently needs washing.
If you don't finish your plate in three minutes, you won't get dessert.
If you're cheeky once more, I won't read you a story tonight.
Put on your hiking shoes and don't let any time be lost.
"Do you know where my key is? I don't see it anywhere." "You must be looking for it with your eyes closed, then, cause it's on the table as always."
When I opened my eyes again, all of a sudden an unknown lady was standing right in front of me.
In the room there was a piano, but there was nobody who played it.
Upstairs there were four made beds, but on three nobody ever slept.
Twice a week the gardener would come to mow the grass, so I could never lie and read in the long grass.
At the end of the path there was a mailbox. One day, there was an exciting letter in it, and it was for me.
When I was little, grandpa and grandma would come to baby-sit. At night in bed grandma would read to me. Or grandpa would tell a story.
Mother was afraid I would get dirty.
Maybe he liked the idea.
It's still just as before here.
There's no hot water on the fifth floor, but there is on the ground floor.
There's no hot water on the fourth floor, but there is on the ground floor.
Can you tell Jane and her twin sister apart?
He swallowed detergent by mistake.
Chinese characters are very beautiful.
I saw it in the newspaper.
This is a good newspaper, isn't it?
Can I have a look at your newspaper?
Some people read the newspaper and watch TV at the same time.
This is a free newspaper.
Where is the newspaper?
That shop sells newspapers and magazines.
He is a recent convert to Catholicism.
She will worm the secret out of him. I had better trust her with it at once.
I couldn't stand a life without pleasures!
I think Obama will win. It'll be a walkover!
You can do it. It'll be a cakewalk!
I want to make a book cover like the leather-bound books that you get in Myst and Riven.
I just got done with my French exam. It was a piece of cake!
The mayor is said to be on the take.
He blamed me for the mistake.
He regained consciousness three hours after the accident.
I feel a little guilty that I didn't invite him to join the celebration.
I broke the lock opening the door.
This shop is open from to o'clock.
It is very dangerous to jump aboard the train when it is moving.
As for me, there is nothing more I want to say.
The church is at the foot of a mountain.
The top of the mountain is covered in snow.
I have climbed Mt. Fuji.
Mt. Fuji is Japan's tallest mountain.
No other mountain in the world is as tall as Mt. Everest.
All the villagers went into the mountains to look for a missing cat.
The summit of Mt. Fuji was covered in snow.
That man asked me who I was, but I didn't think it was necessary to answer that question.
That man grabbed the young girl's wrist.
The man robbed her bag.
The boy is wearing glasses.
The people stood up and began to sing.
A lifetime is short, but feels long.
She came here as soon as she heard it.
She kept me waiting for minutes.
She kept me waiting for half an hour.
She made me wait for half an hour.
She slapped his face.
He is tall and handsome.
Sometimes I walk to work, and sometimes I ride my bike, because I live very close to work.
How are you today?
I'm happy, 'cause I'm learning some Dutch.
How to say XXX in Dutch?
How do you say XXX in Dutch?
And you, how are you?
I need to take a shower.
The cows behind my house only eat tulips.
I hope to soon know much more than a few sentences in Dutch.
She felt sympathy for the orphan and gave him some money.
The story is that Mary wants a divorce.
I've heard that Mary wants a divorce.
It cost a lot of money to repair the car.
It cost $to get the car fixed.
May I borrow your car?
How about stopping the car and taking a rest?
People who drive cars should wear seat belts.
You must be careful when you drive a car.
You should be careful when you drive a car.
You need a license to drive a car.
To drive a car, you need a license.
He confessed that he had committed the crime.
He said that he wanted some money.
He asked her how to drive a car yesterday.
She's popular, not because she's beautiful, but because she's kind to everyone.
She went for a walk.
She might be taller than you.
Does she have a piano?
She's worried since she hasn't heard from her son for many months.
She's worried because she hasn't received a letter from her son for many months.
How did she get to know so much about fish?
She usually gets up early.
Did she come here to relax?
Does she have enough energy to take a long trip?
Can she endure a long trip?
Is she so stupid that she believes such a thing?
Is she so stupid that she believes that kind a thing?
It seems that she is keeping that secret.
She'll almost certainly pass the test.
I hear that she's a famous actress.
It's said that she's a well-known actress.
I hear that she is a famous actress.
I believe that she has never told a lie.
Not only does she keep house, but she also works as a school teacher.
Not only does she do house work, she is a teacher.
Because of her, he lived a miserable life.
Please be careful not to break this vase.
Please be careful that you don't break this vase.
It might have been Miss Satoh who sent these flowers.
These flowers can be seen around Hokkaido.
These flowers are beautiful, aren't they?
These flowers aren't only beautiful, but they smell nice.
These flowers have a unique smell.
The Shinano River is the longest river in Japan.
The insurance payments depend on the use intended (work or leisure).
First you'll be asked if you're on business or leisure.
Mariko speaks English well.
Mariko is good at speaking English.
It was because of her that he lived so miserably.
She spent many days knitting a sweater for him.
She made him a new suit.
She coaxed him out of his dark mood.
She helped him overcome his sadness.
She helped him get over his bad mood.
If you find a mistake, please leave a comment.
There are no comments yet.
She thought that he was wasting electricity.
She helped her younger brother finish his picture.
Whenever I hear that song, I remember my youth.
When I hear that song, I remember my younger days.
When I hear that song, I think about when I was young.
She succeeded in getting him to tell the truth.
She successfully got him to tell the truth.
She hired him as a programmer.
She employed him as a programmer.
She hated him.
She disliked him.
She didn't like him.
She hated her husband.
She didn't like her husband.
She disliked her husband.
Bill doesn't like the fact that his father smokes a lot.
Bill hates that his father smokes heavily.
Her stern look got him to quit talking.
She had no intention of quarreling with him.
She didn't plan on having a fight with him.
He died a few days before his hundredth birthday.
She handed him the key.
She saddled him with the work.
She assigned him to the job.
She assigned the work to him.
She laid the work on him.
Mary is at a loss about what to say to him.
Mary doesn't know what to say to him.
Mary doesn't have a clue about what she should say to him.
She walked around looking for him.
She began to like him right away.
I started liking Mary as soon as I met her.
She liked him right off.
I fell in love with her the moment I met her.
I never thought that they would like their teacher so much.
She spends a lot of money on clothes.
She told me which clothes would be good to wear.
She is careless about the way she dresses.
She doesn't pay much attention to how she dresses.
She doesn't care how she dresses.
She wore a beautiful dress.
In other words, she became a good wife.
She helped the old man across the street.
She made the boy into a fine man.
She raised the boy to be a fine person.
She testified that she saw the man.
She has no sense of beauty.
She has an eye for beauty.
She gave her seat to a senior citizen.
She gave up her seat for the old person.
I gave my seat to the old lady.
On crowded buses young people should give their seats to old people.
To see him talk, you might think he's a girl.
In Aesop's Fables is a story called "Sour Grapes".
The teacher recommended that I read Shakespeare.
The men are wearing short sleeve shirts.
Boys tend to look down on their younger sisters.
She wants to buy a car, but she can't afford to.
She kept working even though she was tired.
She was tired, but she kept working.
She kept on working.
She kept working.
He was tired, but he kept working.
He worked from morning till night.
He continued working all day.
He worked last night without taking a break.
I have a high temperature.
Of course she passed the test.
You may have mistaken Jane for her sister.
You might have mistaken Jane for her sister.
I'll always remember your kindness.
I'll never forget how kind you have been.
She has two sisters. They live in Kyoto.
She has two sisters. Both of them live in Kyoto.
She has two sisters. Both live in Kyoto.
Even after all of my objections, she left home.
She always carries a Bible.
She always looked happy, but never was.
She always studies while listening to music.
She answered my letter right away.
She answered in tears.
She was crying as she answered.
She argues just for the sake of arguing.
She turned eighty-one.
She is now eighty-one years old.
I found out that the woman I thought was a nurse was actually a doctor.
I learned that woman I thought was a nurse is, in fact, a doctor.
I now understand that the woman I thought was a nurse is a doctor.
She became a teacher when she was twenty.
She called me many times.
She was able to cross the Pacific Ocean by boat.
She succeeded in crossing the Pacific Ocean by boat.
She got me to believe that story.
She complained about my low salary.
She complained that my salary was low.
She talked as she walked.
She really wants to lose weight.
She was accepted to Harvard.
She was accepted by Harvard.
She got to the other side in minutes.
She got to the other side in minutes.
She was surprised when she saw the ghost.
She was surprised when she heard the news.
She was very surprised when she heard the news.
She was aware of her parents' eyes.
She became aware that her parents were watching her.
She was dressed in wool.
The fat woman was holding a monkey.
Did you know that men who regularly take the birth control pill don't get pregnant?
Close the shutters and draw the curtains. There must be as little light as possible.
She was promoted.
I do it because I want to.
She was in a hurry.
He hurried down the road with long strides.
She was in a great hurry.
Kate was forced to read the book.
She was moved to tears by the story.
I was moved to tears by the story.
She was very happy with my gift.
She was appointed chairperson.
She spent all afternoon cooking.
She was busy with household work.
She was busy with housework.
She was run over by a car.
She was hit by a car.
The dog was hit by a car.
She came very near to being run over by a car.
She was almost hit by a car.
He was almost hit by a car.
I was almost hit by a car.
The old man was almost hit by a car.
Of course she can speak English.
She can speak English, of course.
She can play tennis very well, but I can play as well as she can.
She can speak French and she speaks it fluently.
She was not in the mood for lunch.
She didn't feel like eating lunch.
She felt like taking a walk.
She was about to go out.
She was wearing pumps.
She caught colds often.
She was susceptible to colds.
Short skirts have already gone out of fashion.
Short skirts are already out of fashion.
Those shoes are a perfect match for this white skirt.
Those shoes go well with this white skirt.
She left here right away.
She went to the museum by cab.
She went to the museum by taxi.
She went to the Takasu clinic.
She went to a movie the other day.
My father suggested that we go to the movies this afternoon.
Let's go to a movie.
She cried when she heard the news.
Upon hearing the news, she burst out crying.
When she heard the news, she broke down crying.
Upon hearing the news, she broke down crying.
She wept bitterly.
She cried bitterly.
She cried as she read the letter.
She'll certainly keep the promise she made to him.
When you go, I'll miss you very much.
She squeezed the juice from many oranges.
Keiko, do you have any buttered toast?
Though she was alone, I didn't think she was lonely.
I've never seen him in jeans.
I've never seen him wearing jeans.
I think it's strange that Alice should keep silent for such a long time.
I thought it would be difficult for her to get the tickets.
I'll stay at home the next time she comes.
I hope that Mary passes the examination.
She may come.
She might come.
In my opinion, she is correct.
In my opinion, he is correct.
I'm sure that she has arrived at the village by now.
I'm surprised that she did such a thing.
I have a feeling that she will come today.
I've not heard that she will come.
I haven't received any notice that she's coming.
No matter how hard I try, I will never be able to catch up with him.
No matter how hard I try, I can't do it any better than she can.
I can understand what she is saying.
Mary came in.
She stood out because she was wearing a red dress.
Her red dress made her stand out.
Wearing a suit, he stood out.
He stood out because he was wearing a suit.
Both of the girls are wearing white suits.
He lied to us.
He told us a lie.
He likes watching TV.
He likes watching baseball games on TV.
He likes to watch baseball games on TV.
He enjoys watching baseball games on TV.
She said that I should come home soon.
She told me that it would be a good idea if I came home soon.
What she bought there was a camera.
It took me a while to understand what she was trying to say.
It's strange that she came home so late at night.
As soon as she opened the door, a cat ran out.
As soon as we sat down, she brought us coffee.
As soon as it stopped raining a beautiful rainbow appeared.
As soon as the bell rang the teacher came into the classroom.
Immediately after the bell rang the teacher came into the classroom.
Right after the teacher finished the class the bell rang.
As soon as she heard the bell ring, she answered the telephone.
She answered the telephone as soon as she heard the bell ring.
She opened the letter quickly.
It's true that she's dead.
It's obvious that she's sick.
The coat that she said she wanted was very expensive.
The coat she said she wanted was extremely expensive.
The campaign was successful and she won the election.
The court ordered her to pay the fine.
Green suits Alice.
Green looks good on Alice.
I saw Shin'ichi in Kakogawa yesterday.
What the teacher said got Mary to study harder.
What the teacher said encouraged Mary to study harder.
The time will come when she'll regret it.
The bathtub overflowed while she was talking on the phone.
There are only five minutes left till the train leaves and she hasn't appeared.
She isn't at home now.
There's a rumor going around that she got a new job.
They asked Kate to babysit their child.
We are men.
We are boys.
He often attributes his failures to bad luck.
Certainly she is correct.
I'm sure that she's correct.
She's correct for sure.
What do you think she is doing now?
What's she doing?
Who cares when she gets married?
She took the entrance exam yesterday.
He was admitted without taking the exam.
He was admitted to that school without taking the exam.
She was annoyed because she had been kept waiting.
She gave up smoking.
She quit smoking.
"Leave me alone," she said angrily.
She may realize later what I meant.
She left here in a hurry.
He can read well.
He can read pretty well.
He can read.
He can read well enough.
Kate is very energetic.
This is a wooden table.
Let's decide what needs to be decided, then let's split into two teams, OK?
She was crying with pain.
She was crying in her room.
She was wearing a heavy coat to protect against the chill.
She was watching the dead leaves fall.
Mayuko was very tired.
She achieved her goal.
She accompanied her mother as she bought shoes.
We'll cross that bridge when we come to it.
Beijing is the capital of China.
Here's my flag for Nynorsk. Because the philosophy of Nynorsk is based on the maximum divergence from Danish, Danish background of the flag is to be replaced with Icelandic, because Icelandic served as inspiration for the language creators. The flag is not rectangular in form, because... Well, that Nynorsk is strange after all.
Dorenda really is a nice girl. She shares her cookies with me.
The center is an ideal.
She is Mr. Uda's secretary.
Miss Sato is the president's new secretary.
She is a famous singer.
She is a well-known singer.
His favorite baseball team is the Giants, but he likes the Lions, too.
His favorite baseball team is the Giants, but he also likes the Lions.
Compared to his father, he is shallow.
Compared to his father, he lacks insight.
Since he was tired, he was sitting on the sofa with his eyes closed.
As is often the case, he eats while reading a newspaper.
At first he had trouble getting used to his new house.
At first he had trouble adjusting to living in his new house.
At first he didn't know how to do his new job.
At last he attained his goal.
He attained his goal.
They attained their goal.
Finally, he attained his goal.
Finally, he reached his goal.
Finally, he achieved his goal.
At last he reached his goal.
At last he achieved his goal.
He reached his goal.
He achieved his goal.
They reached their goal.
They achieved their goal.
At last, he became aware of his own mistakes.
At present he lives by himself and the rest of the world means nothing to him.
Being careful about his health, he seldom gets sick.
He seldom gets sick because he is careful about his health.
He almost never gets sick because he is careful about his health.
Though he was a child, he made up his mind to do the work himself.
Even though he was a child, he worked hard to help his mother.
Compared to his brother, he's not so wise.
Being deeply thankful, he tried to express his thanks.
During the first year of the study, he learned he himself had ALS.
During the first year of the study, he learned that he himself had ALS.
While he was sick, he lost a lot of weight.
While he was sick, he became very thin.
Everyone says that he looks just like his father.
He failed many times, but he had no feeling that it was a waste of time.
Even though he had made many mistakes, he didn't have any regrets.
Even though he was poor, he was happy.
He's still sick in bed.
He has a good reputation no matter where he goes.
His salary is low so he has to do odd jobs.
Just as many memories of the past and feelings are stored up in the body as in the spirit.
Do you need as many licenses as you have operating systems installed in a multi-boot PC?
We'll give you as many bonus miles as the normal air miles!
Please leave a message after the beep or drop some candies in our mailbox.
A small spark often kindles a large flame.
Hello, it's me, Nancy!
How do I open the bonnet?
His heart misgave him.
I have no small change about me.
You have done these things, and I kept silence. You thought that the "I AM" was just like you. I will rebuke you, and accuse you in front of your eyes.
Be sure and remember to write a letter.
The old man is possessed of great wealth.
The day being fine, we went swimming.
He is intelligent.
Why, is she weeping for joy?
He found his parents.
Not just 'child's independence'. Parents must also become independent of their children.
She is independent of her parents.
I live on my own and don't depend on my parents for money.
Even pigs can climb a tree when flattered.
Great men are fond of sensual pleasures.
I'll have a coffee and a croissant.
I heard that he was very rich.
There's nothing as precious as love.
These oranges have rotted.
I have a terrible headache. I just took two painkillers. Let's hope it goes away.
The only thing we learn from history is that we learn nothing from history.
Tom said, "budge over," forced his way in and sat down.
Victory attained by violence is tantamount to a defeat, for it is momentary.
I wanted to show it to you too.
The friendship of a great man is a gift from the gods.
What is your age?
You must observe those rules.
Certainly you may well be right.
How much money have you obtained?
How do you make your money?
Symmetry is boring.
Justice is the constant and perpetual desire to give to each one that to which he is entitled. Jurisprudence is the knowledge of matters divine and human, and the comprehension of what is just and what is unjust.
My God, my God, why hast thou forsaken me?
Happy families are all alike; every unhappy family is unhappy in its own way.
Fine words and an insinuating appearance are seldom associated with true virtue.
Why is machine translation useless?
Whereof one cannot speak, thereof one must be silent.
War is not a natural disaster like an earthquake or a tsunami. It does not come without warning.
A cat will forget three years of kindness in three days, feed a dog for three days and he will remember it for three years.
When the cat is not there, the mice are dancing.
When the cat's away, the mice will play.
I am a cat. I don't have a name yet.
I have recklessness in my blood. Since the time I was a child, I've only managed to hurt myself.
Life is more hellish than hell itself.
Love is merely a lyrical way of referring to lust.
Freedom is akin to the rarified air of a mountain top. Weak men cannot bear one or the other.
A fool always believes that it is the others who are fools.
A facet of genius is the ability to provoke scandals.
Out of all the attributes of the gods, the one I find most pitiable is their inability to commit suicide.
Life is as a box of matches. Treating it cautiously is foolish, not treating it cautiously is dangerous.
Those who do not know the sadness of love may not speak of it.
During the past or years, many Japanese have been killed or injured in traffic accidents while traveling overseas.
Love is a great contradiction. You cannot live without it but at the same time you will be hurt by it.
I will tell you what love is. It's very embarrassing.
Love is a pill made from a great many people's sufferings.
When it comes to love, women are experts and men eternal novices.
There is nothing abnormal in having a child around forty.
Love is the miracle of civilization.
People are most angry when they feel they are being mocked. That's why those who are confident in themselves seldom become angry.
In life as with omelets, the timing is important.
The shepherd always tries to persuade the sheep that their interests and his own are the same.
Absolute privacy on Facebook is an illusion. It doesn't exist in reality.
I want to think that parents are more important than their children.
A few days ago, my girlfriend Sophie moved from Edmonton, Alberta to Victoria, British Columbia.
We guarantee the cheapest price for a French language school in Quebec, Canada.
French from Quebec is spoken by more than million speakers.
I came to Toronto at the beginning of June.
Looking at his email address, would you say he's American?
Psychology, which studies the human mind and human behavior, builds knowledge by observation and experiments.
The Paris syndrome is a type of culture shock. It's a psychiatric term used to describe foreigners who start living in Paris, drawn to the image of the city as a center of fashion, don't adapt well to the local customs and culture, lose their mental balance and exhibit symptoms close to depression.
It has happened that people sleeping with the fan on have experienced a freezing of the stomach, as well as a local air pressure stress leading them to feel unwell.
As strange as it may be, he met with somebody who is said to be dead.
When you are constantly told no smoking, no smoking like that, you start thinking, maybe smoking really is a threat to public morals or something.
After a heated discussion, a compromise was adopted. Smokers will be allowed to smoke in the smoking corner.
The Lockheed scandal is a worldwide corruption scandal involving the major American plane manufacturer Lockheed. It came to light in February and revolved mainly around the acceptance of passenger plane contracts.
The Japanese Dentists Association affair is an incident concerning secret donations from the Japanese Dentists Association to Diet members belonging to the LDP.
The Recruit scandal is a corruption scandal concerning public officials and politicians who accepted as bribes undisclosed shares from the RecruitCoscom company. The shares had been rising steadily.
Bribes are something that arises in conjunction with power organizations.
"Metroid Prime 3: Corruption" is a videogame by Nintendo sold exclusively for the Wii.
There are two or three persons with two cars.
This scandal will soon be well known.
Silvio Berlusconi is an Italian politician, the current Prime Minister of Italy, as well as a successful entrepreneur.
It's very difficult to transport them overland, but simple to do so by sea.
Suppose for a moment that pigeons had something in their heads which could sense magnetic fields.
Seagulls cause all types of disturbances by cackling loudly, spreading guano, tearing up garbage bags and attacking to get food.
According to a Cornell University study, unattractive defendants are percent more likely to be convicted than good-looking ones.
On that matter, he and I don't agree.
I noticed that he had stopped.
Don't be shy.
I asked him to begin his trip at once.
I asked him to leave at once.
I told him to leave the room.
In Korea, there's a popular theory that says that: "If you eat a quarter of an Iceberg lettuce, you will fall asleep". Thus, amongst truck drivers in Korea, lettuce is known as something that should not be eaten before work.
I want to live in Italy.
Cream is a white and light yellow liquid composed of concentrated proteins and fat.
I will never see him again.
Can you tell me your address?
She idled away many hours on the beach.
Can you show me the way please?
I love cats so much, I can't help it, I'm a crazy cat lover.
Is there anybody who would like to go see a live concert of Lady Gaga with me?
When the tip was a lone dime thrown into a glass, the waitress would raise the glass while hastily preparing the table for the next customer. She would then spill the water and that would be it.
This room is quiet.
I like walking by myself.
He's kind to me.
It rained as soon as he got home.
In this foreign country, people at the bus stop were calmly waiting for the bus, sitting on their haunches.
Belgian fries are the best in the whole world!
Before, when we still had guilders, everything was much cheaper than now with the euro.
A terribly loud beep resounded - the microphone produced feedback.
What you get from afar is tasty.
In May, all birds lay an egg.
We use the symbol “⊂” to denote proper inclusion.
Note that the maximum doesn't always exist.
If f is not an epimorphism, then it factors through g.
Maybe I should add some sentences without translations too. It's a very quick way to improve the rating of your language.
You have to take a tablet with a glass of water two or three times a day.
If you want to become big and strong when you grow up, you have to eat a lot of spinach and peanut butter sandwiches.
When you fall off the stairs, you're downstairs quickly.
This message turned out to be a little hard for me to write.
Do you come here every night?
On my bed is a coloured bedspread, which my grandma once made.
Love is giving something one doesn't have.
Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance you must keep moving.
Common sense is the collection of prejudices acquired by age eighteen.
Impossible is not French.
A society without religion is like a ship without a compass.
Men of genius are meteors destined to burn in order to illuminate their century.
All men want money.
He decided that if God didn't exist then everything was permitted.
God, please give me chastity and continence, but not yet.
God provides the wind, but man must raise the sails.
I decided to be happy because it's good for my health.
If God did not exist, we'd have to invent him.
Let him that would move the world, first move himself.
Those who spend too much time traveling become strangers in their own country.
God is an infinite sphere whose center is everywhere and circumference is nowhere.
The heart has its reasons, which reason does not know.
It is man's natural sickness to believe that he possesses the Truth.
Curiosity is nothing more than vanity. More often than not we only seek knowledge to show it off.
As the train went by, Tom caught a glimpse of the driver.
Don't believe what she says.
These are cakes that she baked herself.
I don't like her face.
They replied that because all beds in the obstetrics/gynaecology department were full, no admissions were possible.
In the event that asbestos-covered mesh is found, ensure its safety by damping the asbestos portion to prevent dust release and wrapping in a plastic bag.
The explorer pushed his way through the trackless mountain region.
To hell with conventions!
I like her younger sister very much.
We can't tell her and her younger sister apart.
He loves traveling.
He loves taking trips.
There are those, who, in distress, seek the help of other people's prayers, but have no mind to pray for themselves.
Youth must have its fling.
Hurry slowly.
It's by smithing that one becomes a blacksmith.
After the rain, fair weather.
I'll be at home the next time she comes.
Please wait here until he comes.
Nobody knows where he has escaped to.
Nobody knows where he has gone.
I can't understand what he is trying to say.
I think it's a pity that he lied.
I have a feeling that he knows the secret.
When he comes, I'll pay the money that I promised.
It's just ten degrees, and he is walking around outside in a T-shirt. I get cold from just looking at him.
If the ball hits you somewhere else than on the head or hands, you're out.
Archeology is a science that studies the activities of human beings and their changes through the study of the traces left by them.
There was a report from the neighbours because a drunkard was making noise in the park. When the police officers arrived at the scene, Kusanagi was alone, dead drunk and completely naked.
From the corridor, you can reach the living room, the kitchen, and the toilet, or you can take the stairs upstairs, where the bedrooms and the bathroom are.
The room was full of bugs, millions of small, wriggling bugs with lots of legs.
Is this what you wanted?
There were assassination theories but it was not clear who would have killed him and for what reason. Even now the truth about his death is unclear.
Being crazy is healthy.
Everyone is here except for him.
I won't let him come here again.
He stole my wallet.
Why did you come here?
He can do it better than I can.
He's three years older than me.
He's three years older than I am.
He is the more capable of the two boys.
I pretended not to understand what he was saying.
I couldn't understand his joke.
I didn't get his joke.
What he said is probably correct.
I'm opposed to what he said.
I don't know and neither does he.
I don't know what day he'll come.
I resent the way he treated me.
I've heard that he won't be in this country for a long time.
He'll get well soon.
To my way of thinking, that was his mistake.
I think that it was his mistake.
Who is younger, him or me?
Benjamin called the sense of awe and reverence experienced before a great work of art "aura".
What is this?
This is a DVD.
Is this your DVD?
No, this is my son's DVD.
I see the good student.
Take a good look, I'll show you how it's done.
A prudent bird chooses its tree. A wise servant chooses his master.
Life's a ruin without you.
Don't sugar your tea.
This is not cool.
You should return what you borrow.
Borrow and return, then you can borrow again. Borrow and don't return, and then the borrowing gets difficult.
I beg you, give me a visa.
Finally!
When Vin Diesel does pushups, he's not pushing himself up - he's pushing the Earth down.
Much better to be woken by the birds than by an alarm.
I know everything.
Does objective history exist?
I'm photographing the woman.
The fellow is here.
The woman is reading.
The house is pretty.
I see the fellow.
I'm repairing the house.
I'm running from the girl.
I'm looking at the house.
I'm writing the fellow.
I will tell the woman what I know.
I'm sending her to California.
Just as water, gas, and electricity are brought into our houses from far off to satisfy our needs in response to a minimal effort, so we shall be supplied with visual or auditory images, which will appear and disappear at a simple movement of the hand, hardly more than a sign.
In this time of the year the roadsides are in full bloom. You can find there, for example, a lot of cow parsley, rapeseed, and dandelions.
My name is Ozymandias, king of kings: Look on my works, ye Mighty, and despair!
If you smile, I'll be happy.
These are completely different opinions.
Before, young ones used to ask me to draw them a sheep, now they want me to teach them how to make a commit. Times, they are a-changin'.
It would not be an exaggeration to say that Augustine's thought had an influence not only on Christianity but on the whole of Western thought.
A man who concentrates before a work of art is absorbed by it. In contrast, the distracted mass absorbs the work of art.
My father used to travel.
My bus is late.
My children are at school.
Stop thinking of me as just an average person.
I was made to go against my will.
I wondered to hear her talking of death, when, to all appearance, she seemed as well as we had ever seen her.
Let's jump the protection circuit.
If he is not rich, he is at any rate happy.
I was at a loss as to what to do.
Ask and you shall receive.
It doesn't matter which, just pick three books.
The day being fine, I felt amply repaid for my walk through the extensive and finely-wooded grounds, numerously stocked with deer.
The sunshine improved his color.
Today was a very tough day.
I think he could be the one who took the stolen money.
It is normal practise to contact the company's home office in these kinds of cases.
How are you doing? I haven't seen you for an age!
We were asked what our rights are in respect to CCTV monitoring at work.
And whosoever shall not receive you, nor hear your words, when ye depart out of that house or city, shake off the dust of your feet.
I haven't heard of him since then.
So what do we do now?
It is better to keep your mouth shut and appear stupid than to open it and remove all doubt.
A banker is a fellow who lends you his umbrella when the sun is shining, but wants it back the minute it begins to rain.
The government is looking for ways to monitor online chatter about political issues and correct what it perceives as misinformation.
Lack of sleep is bad for the body.
I have some time, but never very much...
Please.
When cleaning the classroom, a few students carry the podium.
He has no chance of succeeding.
I have a problem urinating.
How was the French class?
A guest should not try to make himself superior to the host.
It's impossible not to be fascinated by his beauty.
I wonder why.
Even though I really want to know his name, I don't have enough courage, and I'm afraid to go ask.
Excuse me, who is this woman?
It has been shown that there is a relation between various neurotransmitters and hormones and aggressive behavior.
The most visible forms of aggression are often seen between prey and predator.
Interspecies aggression is oriented towards goals related to reproduction.
I have been more than once intoxicated, my passions have always bordered on extravagance: I am not ashamed to confess it; for I have learned, by my own experience, that all extraordinary men, who have accomplished great and astonishing actions, have ever been decried by the world as drunken or insane.
Blood is a juice of rarest quality.
Age does not make us childish, as they say. It only finds us true children still.
A true German can't stand the French, yet willingly he drinks their wines.
He who does not know any foreign language knows nothing of his own language.
I have no idea, I'm not so well up on that kind of matters. You'd better ask that gentleman over there.
Because of this it will probably be generally cloudy and rainy weather over tonight and tomorrow.
Squad Leader Justin, a blip's appeared on the hyperspace radar!
Contrary to expectations, they won with ease.
It was the first time I'd walked along the Mogami River.
It isn't a problem as long as I come back into the room right after finishing smoking, is it?
Off-target. My opponent hadn't been hit.
Please be certain to answer the phone.
I got two Bs this semester.
The tomato crop is of good quality.
We used emergency measures to revive the cardiac arrest patient.
I'll come straight to the point. You're fired.
Beggars can't be choosers.
All animals are equal, but some animals are more equal than others.
I think you will find it convenient to put a short-cut on the desktop.
I don't want your pity.
I went on the trip, leaving the house in her care.
It seems that the stuff about the fine was made up.
I think you can't understand that feeling unless you're from the same generation.
I often listen to soothing music in order to relax.
The Balkan Mountain range runs across Bulgaria from west to east.
I made very short work of the big steak.
The researcher suggested promising directions for treating the cancer.
The course of action is unclear.
The Cabinet sent round an official notice.
What this club is today is largely due to the effort of these people.
I'm really flattered to hear that.
Kazuko bared her breast and fed the baby.
Thursday Island is situated in the Torres Strait between Australia's northernmost Cape York and New Guinea.
Is this supposed to be a currant bun? You almost need to cycle from one currant to another, so few are there.
People taking pharmacy with the intent of becoming chemists should choose the six year course.
We have new data about production and sale of electric fly swatters worldwide.
This technology is an incredible thing!
Be just before you are generous.
I bought a new sweater and I'm as pleased as Punch with it!
Be silent, or speak something worth hearing.
Beauty is in the eye of the beholder.
Could you lift that pan for me, then I'll put this mat under it.
Beggars cannot be choosers.
I'm not the least bit scared of you.
The cheapest is the best.
Better an egg today than a hen tomorrow.
We'd probably be best off beating them to the punch before they notice that fact.
At this language centre, about international languages are taught, including English.
Of course "Hayabusa" is not actually closing in on the Sun, it is just positioned as in the figure so that, seen from the Earth, it is on the opposite side of the Sun; this is called 'conjunction'.
What he says is nonsense.
Many old people choke to death while eating mochi.
With North Korea's announcement on the 26th of its nuclear development plan based upon the agreement stemming from the Six Party Talks, and the United States' commencement of procedures to remove North Korea from its designation on the list of State Sponsors of Terrorism, the families of abductees have expressed growing unease that it may constitute an abandonment of the abductee issue.
He had no other clothing than that which he was wearing then.
Tighten the defences! They're coming!
The only evidence was the traces of semen stuck to the underwear.
It was a mistake for such a young parent to have, and raise a child.
You have no fever.
While he was giving the speech, the sound of a gunshot could be heard.
"Give me another bottle," he said.
My father often reads the newspaper during meals.
It's bad manners to do that kind of thing during meals.
Be quiet while we are eating.
We want you to behave yourself during meals.
He said that it would probably rain.
I checked to make sure that he was still alive.
I understand what he's trying to say.
He's a hopeless case.
What is it that you want to achieve, whatever it takes, before you die?
He's just got a large build, so he looks like he'd be a fighter, but he's probably really a pushover.
Take out a matchbox and a needle and thread.
I didn't know that he was there.
He's addicted to Starbucks coffee.
I don't know when he'll come next time.
He will come soon.
According to the newspaper, he committed suicide.
The concern is whether he'll read the letter or not.
The question is whether he'll read the letter or not.
This car was cheap enough for him to buy.
This is the house where he lives.
This is the house where he lived.
This is the house where he was born.
This is the house where that poet lived when he was a child.
In that word is included the meaning of matching up to somebody's particular wavelength.
There is also one type of idealism that says even without strength or intelligence you can do anything if you can merely persist.
Adherents of various religions live in Belarus.
"Oy, what's up, Tanji?" "I'm having trouble because there's a unit I didn't take at my last school."
Shu, you're eating too much. You'll get fat!
Apparently the wound itself only needs a few stitches.
Uninstall method: Chuck the whole folder into the recycle bin.
A spectre is haunting Europe — the spectre of communism.
That won't work!
Summer is over.
For man, there is no beast more scary than man.
Germany is a parliamentary republic.
Does milk spoil quickly?
Nutella is not very well known in Japan. However, in America and Europe it's a popular spread and various sized jars of Nutella may be seen lined up inside many grocery stores and supermarkets.
When the dog tried to bite me, I held him down by the neck and thoroughly scolded him.
Oh my little sister, why won't you say anything to me?
Bustle up, you boys!
Hasten, my lads!
Compared to many other countries, the average intake of trans-fats per person in Japan is low and it is hypothesized that it does not have a strong impact on health.
The Miami Heat is a pro basketball team part of the NBA and located in Miami.
The presentation of this website is sometimes confusing.
I like summer, but I can't stand the heat.
What with the heat and the humidity, he couldn't sleep well.
Please do that again.
In its home country, France, Tatoeba became a social and cultural phenomenon.
I burst out laughing when I saw him.
I didn't have the courage to tell her the truth.
I'm in love with her.
He loves her.
It's said that she loves him.
They say that she is in love with him.
Does it sound like I'm in love?
It's true that he is in love with her.
I felt that I should help her.
I think she is charming and attractive.
She became a true friend of mine.
I made her angry.
I bought her a watch.
I have two cousins.
I'm counting how many people there are.
Oh no, I accidentally sawed off my finger! What should I do?
Do you have a bucket of water for me by any chance? I have a flat tyre.
"Stop begging for a cookie, Tim," his mum said, "Remember, 'Children who ask get skipped.'"
If you do it a bit slower, it goes quicker.
Do you have a bucket of water for me by any chance? I have a flat tire.
A nail penetrated the car tire.
I had intended to call on her last Sunday.
I just met her on the street.
I think of her as my closest friend.
I love you more than I love her.
It's also scary when the lightning strikes across the sky, but what's really scary is the sound. Once, my house was struck by lightning and since then I've become even more scared.
In the Netherlands, if a child is too insistent on asking for a cookie, he might be punished and get no cookie.
I have my year-end exams in days, yet I'm not studying at all.
There are problems that Japan might not be able to solve independently but which it might be able to solve in cooperation with Korea.
A woman in movement clothed in what resembles a bikini is drawn on a Sicilian mosaic from 5th century Rome.
I met her on the way to school.
I met her late that evening.
I sent her a doll.
I successfully persuaded her and we went on a date.
I saw her doing that with enthusiasm.
I tried to forget that she had cried.
I tried to erase the memory of her crying.
Looks like it's not that easy, huh?
I was disappointed that she was not at home.
Having asked Jordan to watch after the house, I went out.
She plans to break up with her boyfriend.
I plan to break up with her.
I won't see her again.
I think all my efforts to help her will just be a waste of my time.
I'm going to stop her from ever doing that again.
I don't feel like telling her the truth.
I'm responsible for protecting her.
I don't feel like meeting her now.
It's no good trying to persuade her.
My words angered her.
I've never met her.
I'll never see her again.
I didn't receive even one letter from her.
The doctor started to examine her.
I didn't know which to take. I looked for a station attendant but didn't find one.
There's water in Ashland, too.
A lot of children don't hear the difference very well.
I also hope for sunny weather at the weekend.
Answer the following questions in English.
What's the difference between a village and a town?
In the morning I always wake up around seven o'clock.
Two plus two makes four.
In the evening, I go to bed at ten.
Where does your grandpa live?
What's the matter?
I told her that you're a nice girl.
He works at a scientific institute where linguists, literature scholars, historians, sociologists, economists, and other scholars investigate everything that has to do with gnomes.
Every year, the organisation organises a number of meetings of volunteers who go door-to-door to sell Frisian books.
The accident took her son away from her.
The more you get to know her, the more you'll like her.
Brothers Grimm's Little Red Riding Hood has a neutral gender, while Charles Perrault's has a masculine one.
That dress fits her perfectly.
The student is optimistic, but his advisor is a pessimist.
The more I listen to her, the less I like her.
The red dress looked good on her.
The red dress suited her.
That red dress looks good on her.
That red dress suited her.
The girl in the red dress ignored the man dressed in black and called a friend on her cellphone.
Stay away from me.
Most Englishmen are conservative.
There's no hiding the fact from her.
You can't hide the fact from her.
On your mark, ready, set, go!
Heroes always arrive late.
You should apologize to her for that.
Do you have one that's cheaper?
Cheap meat doesn't make good soup.
I'm going to the Number Four hospital.
A star shines on the hour of our meeting.
Her family can't help worrying about her injuries.
Her parents can't help worrying about her injuries.
I asked her out on a date.
That's a great poem.
I found a rare stamp at that store.
I can't stand him.
I can't remember the melody to that song.
I couldn't agree with his opinion.
I don't feel well today. That well water is the reason.
Switzerland needs better apples.
I'm interested in the society page of that newspaper.
There were holes here and there.
I bought a VCR at that store for a low price.
I know that boy who is running.
I know those women.
I know those girls.
Every time I meet him, I think of my father.
I like that singer a lot.
I called up my friend to congratulate him on his success.
I think it was a mistake that he didn't take my advice.
I was disappointed in him.
I went with the women so that I could guide them around Nagasaki.
Can we sit at the table over there?
I want to get that classic car no matter how expensive it is.
That's the computer he used to write the article.
Does your new computer run well?
The weather will be good tonight for sure.
Sooner or later he will tell me everything.
I called you, on the one hand to invite you out to eat, and on the other to tell you my son is going to get married.
No one knows if he loves her or not.
He hasn't got a bicycle.
I saw him three years ago.
I still need to go to Pudong at 12:30.
She is known as the Japanese Picasso.
Giraffes have very long necks.
Make good use of this opportunity.
How come he didn't show up?
Only then did I realize that I had left my wallet at home.
I don't have an excuse.
Can't you give me a lower price?
I think he's happy.
I have something that I want to say to him.
Even Dwarfs Started Small is a film by German director Werner Herzog.
It's obvious that he lied.
Let's go drink a cup of coffee at that coffee shop over there.
Let's drink some coffee or something at that coffee shop over there.
When Fred hears loud music, he gets annoyed.
That guy annoys me.
This annoys me.
This continuous noise annoys me.
I think it's very difficult for an Englishman to imitate a real American accent.
Whales are very large mammals that live in the ocean.
Show me an example.
As is often the case with him, he made a mistake.
He never listens to what his father says.
Bill often doesn't keep his promises.
I forgot to put a stamp on the envelope.
I forgot to bring my health insurance card.
I forgot your phone number.
How are you, Mrs. Jones?
I found the lost cat that its owner had been looking for for a long time.
If I had known his address, I would have written him a letter.
My father gives my mother all of his salary.
She has very nice-looking handwriting.
She has beautiful handwriting.
She writes beautifully.
I took the 10:train. However, it was ten minutes late.
The river flooded the entire region.
If you oversleep, you'll end up hungry.
Students spend a lot of time playing.
Milk does not keep long in hot weather.
Today, I was supposed to study at the library but I woke up around o'clock.
I didn't mean to!
It's not clear right now whether time travel is really something that exists in reality but its possibility has been proven by theoretical physics.
Sustainable development is the concept of the current generation utilizing the environment and meet human demands while not harming the ability of future generations to satisfy their own demands and interests.
His face turned pale.
His house could be seen from the top of the hill.
His mother is taking care of him.
He thinks that planes are safer than cars.
I believe the actions that he took were right.
I think the actions he took were right.
I borrowed this comic from his sister.
I don't feel that I can trust what he says.
I can't remember his explanation.
I couldn't live up to his expectations.
I couldn't meet his expectations.
I couldn't understand what he was saying.
I couldn't even understand the main point of what he said.
When I hear this song, I associate it with his name.
When I hear this song, I think of him.
Every time I hear this song, I think of his name.
Recently, I've gotten used to his way of speaking.
From his accent, I would guess that man is Scottish.
I went to see his older sister last week.
I thought about the meaning of his painting.
I wrote down his address on a piece of paper.
I reached out and tapped him on the shoulder.
I reached out and tapped his shoulder.
I repeated what he said word for word.
I repeated what he said exactly as he had said it.
I repeated exactly what he had said.
I saw him being scolded by his mother.
I saw him being scolded by his father.
I think it's better for us to adopt his plan.
I think we should adopt his plan.
I think his novel is boring.
I was surprised by his resignation.
I didn't know about his plan.
I didn't know about your plan.
I was very impressed by his story.
I was very moved by his speech.
I was very moved by his story.
I was surprised by his rudeness.
I went to the hospital to ask about his health.
The river flooded the whole region.
Why didn't you go to the office?
I wrote down his phone number so I wouldn't forget it.
I wrote down his name so I wouldn't forget it.
I always read his columns with interest.
I find his ideas about leisure interesting.
I have confidence that he is honest.
I am convinced of his honesty.
I plan to check to see if what he said was true or not.
I attended his classes and learned how to draw.
I have to obey his orders.
That gradually became his habit.
I found his office easily.
It was easy to find his office.
He was in the habit of getting up early.
It was his habit to get up early.
I succeeded thanks to his advice.
I succeeded because of his advice.
Being overly generous is his greatest fault.
Making money is his reason for living.
Making money is his main purpose in life.
Mathematics is his best subject.
An acquaintance of mine introduced me to his closest friends.
My opinion on what should be done is different from his.
None of us are opposed to his ideas.
None of us are opposed to her ideas.
It is really nice of you.
You seem distant.
Setting a new record added to his fame.
That doesn't agree with what he said.
Today, even though he has not put on his armor, he has not forgotten to carry his sword.
That fact proves his innocence.
It's only leaves and branches.
I often see cheap accessories made of agate sold in street stalls and such but are they the real thing?
I phoned my son before boarding the plane, telling him to come to the airport to pick me up.
Please help me to bring my suitcase down from the luggage rack.
I'm getting off the train at the next stop.
As the coach won't leave until quarter past seven, I'll call our friends first and then write some postcards.
Different flowers represent different meanings.
For example, the chrysanthemum symbolises noble character.
The person standing at the front of the room is a professor in the History Department.
His mother got up much earlier than usual and started cooking as early as 8am.
Do you want to get married first or have a child first?
This doesn't concern me.
Yesterday I had a high fever.
I hope I won't still be ill next week.
The performers danced whilst singing - they performed extremely well.
You can't park here.
Although he did well in the exam, his spoken Chinese is not necessarily as good as yours.
With both song and dance, the performers put on an excellent show.
We hurried to the train station.
Unfortunately, by the time we got there the train had been gone for fifteen minutes.
I won't forsake you.
Have you decided whether you are going into town by bike or by bus?
I've been feeling poorly for the last couple of days.
In addition to a blocked nose, I'm also suffering from a high temperature.
She wept all the night.
Everyone says the food in this restaurant is both delicious and inexpensive.
We tried it out yesterday; as expected, it was really good.
You can't get in without your key anyway, so you may as well come to have supper with us.
Put on your cap.
If I'm not going to the party then I'm not doing anything specific anyway.
Great!
I just opened the lid, and a foul smell filled my nose.
There's a phone call for you!
In 2009, I had graduated from high school but I still hadn't started university.
They are all cannibals here, except me, I'm just being eaten.
I detest having to hurry in the morning.
I rode a unicycle today.
I want to submerge myself in the ocean depths, and to disappear there so as to never be seen again.
In my opinion this kind of work is both uninteresting and difficult, but I don't have any other way to earn money.
It's better than drinking cola, though it's not as good as drinking champagne.
When you speak Shanghainese with your mum, I only understand a few words, so I can't join in the conversation.
I am certainly entitled to speak like this.
That plan didn't agree with his way of thinking.
That plan wasn't how he thought it should be.
The sudden glare hurt his eyes.
That tape recorder recorded his voice.
The teacher put a mark next to his name to show that he was absent.
The teacher explained his theory using pictures.
They left after they finished lunch.
These facts will show that his story is true.
This adds color to his way of speaking.
This adds color to the way he speaks.
This fact proves his innocence.
These facts prove that he is innocent.
This is a set phrase of his.
This is one of the things he always says.
The inverse of a non-square matrix is a dangerous thing.
This is his car, I think.
This is his umbrella, right?
I think this is his umbrella.
This just has to be his umbrella.
I'm pretty sure that this is his umbrella.
This is his umbrella, isn't it?
I know the person that you came with.
I wear an overcoat in the winter.
No matter how you look at it, what he says seems to be true.
Serving people is his sole purpose in life.
We couldn't grasp the meaning of what he was trying to say.
Although Jane had one suitcase less than me, she still said she had too much to carry.
We got rid of the mice in his house.
Because of heavy snow, the plane from Beijing arrived minutes late.
If you are going to the library this afternoon, would you please return two books for me whilst you are there?
We are pleased with his discovery.
If I were you, I'd follow his advice.
His success is the result of many years of perseverance.
Are there any aspects of Shanghai that are not as good as those of Beijing?
Why did you turn down his request for a pay raise?
It was wise for you not to follow his advice.
You were wise not to follow his advice.
You were wrong to turn down his help.
You were wrong to refuse his help.
You shouldn't worry about his eccentricities.
You shouldn't pay any attention to his eccentricities.
You may use his library.
You should listen to his advice.
You should have flatly refused his request.
That old man must be insane.
I wish I had followed his instructions at that time.
That woman must be his wife.
That woman is his wife, I think.
That accident is a good example of his carelessness.
She keeps his room clean.
Her hat looked very funny.
I don't know her address.
This ball is that boy's treasure.
Over there is the person I've been waiting for.
When I hear this song, I think of her.
No matter how hard I try, I can't swim to that rock.
He and I are such close friends that we can almost read each other's minds.
We weren't at home yesterday.
We got some special evidence that proves that he is guilty.
The battery is low.
I don't know her, nor do I want to.
It is necessary to take some exercise every day.
Serbian trains are terribly slow.
It's started to snow.
Hungry puppies are barking on the street.
That's my idea.
A sandwich without ham is not a sandwich.
I love math.
That is the absolute truth!
Today, we had two false alarms.
Sorry that I forgot. I'm completely out of it today.
Every morning, I eat honey for breakfast.
He runs off to the lab every half hour.
Where did all the bread go?
He's feeling tired after German class.
I haven't forgotten.
Seed after seed will make bread.
This is a sentence.
I'm used to it.
The students are back.
I don't have a clue.
Drop by drop, the water can conglomerate into a lake.
All-nighters are never as productive as they seem.
I am going to school.
The point is that you haven't learned anything from him.
Oh, how late it is!
In May, they set on him in the street, attacking him with fists, kicks and a knife.
The more hurry, the less speed.
The door of the office is yellow.
She was tricked yet again.
We have the great responsibility to see that he succeeds on the entrance exam.
What were you doing there?
It's the thought that counts.
Choose between this and that.
You don't seem to understand their good intentions.
I don't understand what you are trying to say.
We had a lot of thunder that summer.
Are you finished with that magazine?
Are you going to buy that car?
Are you the one who wrote that report?
Say what you will, I think he is honest.
The woman you were talking to at that time was my sister.
Where did you get those old coins?
Would you please close that window?
You may ask that teacher questions.
Don't wilt away, love.
I remember that he said that.
It started to snow.
These are our books.
Those books aren't yours?
That book is theirs.
Is this book the one he always uses?
It is a nice day!
This is my CD.
That CD is my son's.
There's someone at the doorway.
There are only books on the bookshelf.
What's the weather like in New York?
He studies English, but he's also studying German.
Do you have this new book?
I don't have this book.
Do you have two computers?
This computer is yours, isn't it?
Have you a receipt?
At the market such cheese costs only five euro something per kilo.
Well over three thousand people signed to prevent the demolition of this historic building.
I don't know exactly how many visitors there were. I think three hundred something.
Mrs. Klein is already in her eighties, but she's still very spry.
"Today, the milkman was buried. There were a lot of people, cause everybody in the village knew him." "Oh, is there a milkman in Linschoten?" "Well, no, not anymore!"
At night, I put my bell pepper plants at the open window, so they can harden off a bit before I plant them outside, cause now they still have such thin stems.
With a mild, bright night like today, I always feel like going for a stroll at midnight.
Tomorrow, the car needs to go to the garage for a big service. It'll probably set me back a couple of hundred euros.
It wasn't very clever of you to throw away that note.
They finally started to asphalt that road again. It was about time! You could only cycle zigzagging there if you didn't want your wheel to get buckled because of the holes in the road surface.
The Dutch and the Belgian tricolour were streaming side by side amiably in the village on the border.
This room fits just under fifty people.
Dogs bark when the caravan passes by.
Is that in Uighur?
We're going to lunch at o'clock. In other words, in minutes.
And now?
The wind is blowing like crazy.
A man without ideals is hollow.
I'm an engineer.
He works on some really crazy projects.
Where they burn books, they will eventually burn people.
If men are wolves then women are devils.
The truth is incontrovertible. Panic may resent it, ignorance may deride it, malice may distort it, but there it is.
Now this is not the end. It is not even the beginning of the end. But it is, perhaps, the end of the beginning.
Gambling site lets users bet on which species will go extinct because of the oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico.
I am tired.
That's not a knife. THIS is a knife.
Spider-Man is cool. Spiders are NOT.
That man is a heavy debtor.
That man has many debts.
No one lives in that building.
That old man had been making homemade whiskey for fifty years.
That old man had been making moonshine for fifty years.
That hamburger really was delicious.
Look at that boy who's swimming.
That boy is smart.
That boy is intelligent.
Recently I attended the wedding of a Chinese friend. The bride and groom had been classmates at university, and both graduated from the Chinese faculty. They've already been together for five years.
The groom works for a company now, and the bride is our teacher.
In class she's our teacher; after class she's our friend, and a good friend too.
When they heard that their teacher was going to get married, everyone wanted to attend her wedding.
We'd still never been to a Chinese person's wedding.
We asked our teacher: "Can we come to your wedding?"
Our teacher said: "Of course you can."
The teacher said: "Of course."
Our teacher also said that her wedding wouldn't be the same as other people's; we asked how it would be different, but she didn't say.
All she said was that we would know when the time came.
That girl wanted to become a movie star.
That baby is really not cute at all.
On the day of the wedding, we arrived at our teacher's house.
There were many guests - most of them were our teacher's classmates and friends.
We asked our teacher: "Where will the wedding be held?"
The teacher said: "Let's set off right now."
The teacher and her partner took the people attending the wedding to a park.
This park is pretty big; it has a lot of trees and many flowers.
The teacher said to everyone: "Our wedding is starting now."
As everyone knows, today is a very significant day for us.
I can't put up with that noise.
Every time I hear that song, I think of my high school days.
In order to make us and everyone else remember this day, I ask everyone to plant a tree with us.
Everyone listened and was very happy, thinking this wedding was both original and meaningful.
About a dozen trees had soon been planted.
Just then, the workers in the park brought over some small playing cards.
If you want to become my friend, then also become the friend of my friend.
In order to see that picture better, I want to get a little closer.
In order to get a better look at that picture, I'd like to get a little closer.
If I'd taken that plane, I wouldn't be alive now.
Underneath we wrote the names of the students in our class.
The lessons learned from the annals of history on peak wood should heighten our awareness of the consequences of the limits of natural resources.
The JMdict/EDICT project has as its goal the production of a freely available Japanese-English Dictionary in machine-readable form.
Knowing my post may help your (already stellar) writing makes me as happy as a flea in a doghouse!
The mountain path was under a blanket of leaves, soft and easy to walk on.
He was found guilty of attempted murder for attacking his mother with a knife.
Her work was going smoothly.
You must not be late to school again!
When I'm with a crying baby, I end up wanting to cry myself!
I is an other.
It's a painful 'truth' for us, but watching this movie brought home to me again the danger facing Earth.
We yelled at her to take care.
I feel it unfortunate that there is little of this kind of humble attitude amongst Japanese debaters.
We yelled at her to watch her step.
We yelled at her, asking her to pay attention.
The first thing that hits you is the bright red discount drugstore sign.
I was simply entranced by the beauty of her face.
Whether he comes or not, either way I will inform you.
We decided to make a deal with him.
To lose faith in God is to lose your guide.
Let's go for a walk to the mountains.
I wish you spoke Spanish.
It's fine with me.
You should live staring reality right in the eye.
I need to configure this server with an appropriate firewall system.
Patience is the mother of science.
To lose faith in God is to lose your points of reference.
It's not far from here to there.
Where there is grass, there is no water. Where there is water, there is no grass.
Today we heard a story about biogas extraction.
The best lecture that you can attend is the one you won't understand.
I'm sending you this sentence when you least expect it.
I'm sending you funny videos.
I'm not happy with this situation.
I just got up.
He who gets up early gets tired quicker.
Hurry up a little!
I didn't understand anything at today's seminar.
I'm just kidding.
That house is mine.
Little by little, I'm beginning to like that painting.
When I think about those students, it gives me a headache.
I admire his talent.
I don't have any money in my pockets.
For better or worse, there is nothing to do but to leave the matter in his hands.
For better or worse, all we can do is leave the matter in his hands.
For better or worse, we can't do anything but leave this matter up to him.
When he appeared, the party livened up.
Their colleague was transferred to an overseas branch.
He's smarter than they are.
The reason he failed was because he neglected his work.
I've completely forgotten his name.
His pride wouldn't allow him to tolerate such insults.
I had to decline his offer.
I don't enjoy hanging out with him.
Hanging out with him isn't interesting.
May I sharpen my pencil?
I do my homework after school.
The class I have the most homework in is English.
I attend a public school.
My locker partner has made our locker very messy.
I prefer to write in cursive.
I prefer to write in print.
School lunches are disgusting!
I partially understand what he means.
I'll certainly be sad if he dies.
I'm three years younger than he is.
He's three years younger than my older brother.
I'm certain that he has finished.
I can't speak English at all.
Black coats are in fashion this winter.
Rather than getting depressed, I'd probably feel hatred towards her.
Caesar is not above grammarians.
Putin said that terrorists should be ‘soaked in the john’.
She's violent right now. It'd be better to avoid her.
I don't understand why Germany won the Eurovision.
Spiders like to build spiderwebs.
Hello, world!
During summer, I'm going to go to France.
I still have to buy your book.
The girl sitting at the piano is my daughter.
She studied in Belgium.
We consider public libraries a legitimate citizen's right.
I was surprised at his strong resemblance to his father.
If only I'd sold that property before the economic bubble burst I wouldn't have lost all that money.
Because we love you, we are updating Tatoeba to bring you a better user experience. See? We love you huh?
How boring.
What a bore.
He often helps others.
The more learned and witty you be, the more fit to act for Satan will you be.
I always walk.
I don't like seeing young girls with heavy makeup.
Morning is not at dawn, but at the moment when you wake up.
When are you going home?
I came from China.
Sometimes I go, sometimes I don't.
Can I use a credit card?
It's October the third.
Math has been used to calculate how the Universe formed just before and after the Big Bang.
The students receive a 15,euro scholarship for their return trip and daily expenses.
“The Satanic Verses” by Salman Rushdie is a real masterpiece of modern literature.
She likes Russian pop.
Life is not convex.
He knows little about that animal.
Do you accept credit cards?
English is a global language.
Pierre has a lot of pirated software on his computer.
I've been here for a while.
I am translating.
I should be studying English, but I'd rather watch a movie.
I love Korean food.
Next Monday is a holiday.
It's time to go to sleep.
Please eat. You're hungry, aren't you?
You ought to listen to your mother.
If he'd known the truth, he'd have told me.
I think he won't come.
All you can do is trust in someone.
He's smart.
He's intelligent.
He has a good head on his shoulders.
How nice of Noriko.
I want to go to Lviv...
First thrive and then wive.
"Do you want it to eat here, or take away?" "Eat here please."
Could I borrow your car?
Where is his family?
Where's his home?
I went to donate blood today.
Are you alone?
You're the last person in the world I would like to see cloned; you're boring enough on your own.
I should have left the camera battery recharging.
I should be making lunch.
I hope you consider my request for a day off this Tuesday 8th. If possible, I'd appreciate you letting me recover those hours any other day.
She had her parents' love to herself.
The umpire gave him out.
I never saw her help her father.
I hung up and called her again.
Hurrying leads to mistakes being made.
Dieting accounts for more than one million deaths.
Like fun he went there!
It is to be regretted that comparatively little is known of the phenomenon of fatigue in the central nervous system.
If my boy had not been killed in the traffic accident, he would be a college student now.
There are cats on Mars, too.
I am smart.
Good day, how may I help you?
The theories of relativity can seem recondite even for people who are well versed in the sciences.
That being the case, instead of elaborating on these two reports, I should like to say a few words to corroborate the arguments behind them.
He keeps his word.
I want to go back now.
This book has pages, excluding illustrations.
He takes the initiative in helping his mother do the housework.
He lost face.
Never put off until tomorrow what you can do the day after tomorrow.
If you don't read the newspaper, you're uninformed. If you read the newspaper, you're mis-informed.
Who did this first?
You can't fight city hall.
Glenn has two friends who are women.
One cannot have pain without pleasure, and one cannot have pleasure without pain.
Adversity strengthens the foundations.
I need to study.
I must study.
His illness defeated all his hopes.
That shows the depth of his love for his family.
His illness dashed all his hopes.
I remember his face but I can't remember his name.
You can't appreciate his good points by just seeing what he looks like.
Is there any chance that he will come?
Is there any hope that he will come?
Is there any chance that he'll resign?
Is there any chance that he'll recover?
Did he draw this picture by himself?
It's no use for him to try to find out the real reason.
When he arrives in Tokyo, I'll call you right away.
That incident made him famous.
That affair made him famous.
The news of his death spread.
The news of his death spread around.
His family was glad to hear that he had arrived safely.
He couldn't sleep because of the noise outside his window.
The group departed as soon as he arrived.
We couldn't go out because of the storm.
We couldn't go out because of the heavy rain.
He couldn't go out because of the snow.
I couldn't go out because of the snow.
I couldn't go out because of the rain.
We couldn't go out because of the rain.
We couldn't go out because of the snowstorm.
We couldn't go out because of the typhoon.
There weren't any flowers or trees on the streets of his town.
There is a little hope that he will succeed.
There is a small chance that he will succeed.
There is a picture that he himself drew.
There's hardly any hope that he'll win the election.
This is a picture that he himself drew.
Is this a picture that you drew by yourself?
Is this a picture that you yourself drew?
Is this a picture that he drew by himself?
We think the reason for his success was because of hard work.
You can't depend on him to be punctual.
Have they ever come on time?
We soon caught up with them.
I couldn't understand a single word of what they said.
I hope that neither of them were involved in that traffic accident.
What do you want to drink?
I want a cup of iced tea.
What would you like to eat?
I tried my best to get them to stop quarreling.
I want to ask them when their wedding day is.
Which one do you prefer, this one or that one?
I don't know why they are fighting.
I don't know anything about their relationship.
I have nothing to do with their troubles.
I don't know anything about their plan.
I'm sure that they will pass the test.
I'm surprised that you don't know about their marriage.
I don't want to buy this kind of sofa.
I couldn't remember their names.
We met them by accident at the bus terminal.
We ran into them at the bus terminal.
In order to beat them, we practice very hard.
We sometimes see them.
We sometimes meet them.
We tried to compromise with them.
We tried to come to a compromise with them.
When I saw them on a date, I asked them, "Are you getting married soon?"
Are you planning to help them?
This morning, I saw an angel.
In that case, let's go.
Some people are good, some people are bad.
You should go too!
First we'll eat, and then we'll go.
Horses don't like buttercups; they just leave them in the meadow.
Wait for me. I'll be there in a minute or ten.
If ashes were flour and peat was bacon, we'd eat bacon pancakes every day.
Everything which flies will sooner or later fall down.
"Those letters are all the wrong way around!" "No, it's supposed to be like that, it's Russian."
It isn't easy to write a love letter in English.
It's important for young people to study English.
It's important for today's young people to study English.
Speaking in English is fun.
It's fun to speak in English.
It's difficult to speak English well.
It's hard to speak English well.
All houses in our street are decorated with little orange flags because of the World Cup.
Speaking English isn't easy.
Speaking English isn't easy, but it's fun.
Mastering English is difficult.
It's so muggy; I think it will thunder in a short while.
I love you very much.
Those two boys have about the same ability in English.
For years he has been at the market every Tuesday morning with his fish stall.
People are apt to take it for granted that professors can speak English.
Our English teacher is both strict and kind.
My English is not good at all.
Does this letter have to be written in English?
Don't quit English.
You shouldn't quit English.
The bureaucracy is expanding to meet the needs of an expanding bureaucracy.
Let's remove harmful books from circulation. Starting first with the bibles that have spread all over the world.
But she wasn't thinking of anything and just wept.
Now that I think of it, it's too small - that ring.
He became a policeman.
Do you know us?
There's all kinds of people in the world.
The policeman arrested the burglar.
The police officer arrested the burglar.
The police officers arrested the burglar.
The policemen arrested the burglar.
I don't spend much time preparing for English classes.
I study math harder than I study English.
I study math more seriously than I study English.
English is third period.
I'm practising judo.
Why is it you can write a letter in English this well, but can't speak it?
If you came, that would be great.
You might not find it.
If you have time, let's go shopping.
Concerning this matter... I really don’t know.
Treat the men well and the ore will come.
She gave an oral report to her boss.
Is it really wise for marketing folks to satisfy people's desire for instant gratification?
It warms your heart to, when listening to a song in a (seemingly!) foreign language like Slovak, Macedonian, Slovenian, hear words you have known since your childhood and even understand whole phrases.
That's why I like Eurovision.
Is it true that "Thank you" sounds like "Come on" in Vietnamese?
Belarusian President Alexander Lukashenko congratulated Alexei Dudarev upon his birthday.
It's an anime about a normal Japanese schoolboy who married his alien teacher. Things like this happen in Japan.
Since I started wearing glasses myself, I started liking the anime where the protagonists wear glasses.
He doesn't want you to lose a whole week.
There are few sites in the Tatar language on the Internet.
Baristas need to make a sitcom.
My dream is to go to Japan.
I would like to go to Japan.
I wanna go to Japan.
The graduation from elementary school to middle school is regarded by some as the first step towards adulthood.
He is very handsome.
The anti-rational, anti-justice and anti-humane Christian malignancy is rearing its head yet again as it leads the fight against homosexuality on behalf of the divine trinity of unreason, injustice and hate.
I am really tired of living.
When I woke up in the morning, there was no one in the house. I was abandoned for the whole day.
A small amount of alcohol will relax the mind and body and improve blood circulation.
My husband likes to have a drink in the evening. He drinks or more bottles of sparkling wine and or bottles of warm sake. Sometimes he has a day where he doesn't drink, but it has never lasted for more than two days.
Declaring war after a surprise attack is to be expected, but killing over ten thousand non-combatants with a bomb is something unheard of.
I prefer interesting films.
Could you give me the salt?
He doesn't know where he should be.
He's curious about everything.
My brother didn't like her from the start.
My brother didn't like her from the first time he met her.
His novels also appear in French.
I did well at the interview!
We played on the banks of the Thames.
Next period is a German test.
Next period is an examination in German.
How is everything?
You have to wait in line.
For me, this is not a problem.
This is the best amp being sold now.
This is the best amp currently being sold.
Anthony was respected by the Egyptians.
Ann must be having a happy dream.
It's similar to a duck.
She made a reservation for a room at the hotel.
Let's meet in the lobby of the Imperial Hotel at 6:p.m.
My brother is an idiot.
The next month he achieved his first NHL shutout and showed the talent of an NHL super goalie.
Who is able to reveal the mysteries of the sea?
The following fairy tales retold in English in were based on Dutch legends and collected in the book, Dutch Fairy Tales for Young Folks, 1918.
Father, do sheep have sheep? No, sheep have lambs.
Santa Claus was standing in the garden.
Grammar is a very complex thing.
What time does the next train leave?
She and I are the same age.
John and Beth are the same age.
I'm as old as he is.
She ignored me even when she met me on the street.
He pretended not to hear me.
He pretended not to hear his boss.
She pretended not to hear him yesterday.
He was out of breath because he had been running.
I remember that man's name very well.
"Are you a teacher?" "Yes, that's right."
"Are you a teacher?" "Yes, I am."
"Are you going to buy a lottery ticket?" "I don't think I'm lucky at gambling."
Why did you buy it?
Why did you buy this expensive dictionary?
Why did you come here so early?
What kind of meal did you eat?
What did you do yesterday evening?
What did you do over the weekend?
Why did you do that?
What did you do with my luggage?
What did you eat for breakfast?
What did you eat for lunch today?
What do you call your father at home?
What did you do last night?
"Do you like sports?" "Yes, I especially like baseball."
"Do you like traveling?" "Yes, I do."
After the war, the Netherlands was the country that executed and tortured the most Japanese, though some of them were innocent.
Male circumcision decreases the risk of viral infections that cause herpes and cancer.
In the English world of the 19th century, it was often said that masturbation would lead to a loss of memory and attention.
During the Stalinist era, prisoners at concentration camps became slaves in service of the state.
During the discussion of the summary report of CC CPSU in the congress, it was noted that, under the guidance of the Communist party, in close cooperation with all the Socialist countries, the Soviet people have made great progress in the struggle for building a Communist society in the USSR and in that for world peace.
I heard that a gay priest had been promoted to the rank of bishop, but it turned out to be a fabrication.
If a women walks on a public street exposing her lower body, it's public indecency. If she walks while exposing her upper body, then it's a violation of article 20(1) of the minor offenses act.
There is definitely a way to quit the world and live like an hermit in the mountains, being self-sufficient and without contact with anybody while not dying like a dog.
If a woman masturbates, she will secrete female hormones and become more feminine.
Is the source of the erectile dysfunction of my husband the fact that he started drinking?
The children of American soldiers staying in Japan and Japanese women were disparagingly called half-breeds.
Anyway, as long as it's a man, anybody should do. It's sad that you don't have a boyfriend yet.
It's written abazure (bitch). Surely this must mean a slut?
My hamster has a swollen testicle on one side.
Because I don't want to marry, my grandmother called me a cripple.
The word fugusha ("disabled") might be insulting.
The movie "The Hunchback of Notre-Dame" has been renamed and is now called "The Bell of Notre-Dame".
Tonight, we had fun drawing up our family tree together.
"Ronpari" is a word that designates those whose eyes don't look straight, but in different directions to the left and right, as if they were looking at Paris and London.
Normally, a guy who reads light novels despite not being a kid anymore is a retard, don't you think?
Kimura is a Tokyo university graduate who became a taxi driver. According to some people's standards, he might be considered a failure, but I think it's fine as long as he likes driving.
Deep water fish never see the light and live all their lives from the scraps that come from above.
Not only did I eat pilaf, but I also ate kebabs.
What are you doing at school this afternoon?
Kareishu is a special smell that comes as old people age. Popular expressions such as: "Ossan kusai" or "Oyaji kusai" (smelly old man) refer to this smell.
I bought a pen like yours yesterday.
I know that he can draw.
I think that Japan's marriage system is an unequal and discriminatory contract disadvantageous to men.
I hit him in the belly.
I wonder if they'll get divorced.
In China, there is a large number of characters, so the goal of the character simplification was to replace the complex traditional characters with easy to remember simplified characters and increase the literacy rate.
I heard there were many double suicides in Sonezaki.
He looks like a player.
Zen priests beg for alms near Shinjuku station.
I'll call at your house tomorrow.
I must ask Nick for his new address and telephone number when I see him.
I have to prepare for the English test.
I'm going to talk to Tom when he comes home.
He is sincere in his promises.
I didn't tell him the truth because I was afraid of hurting his feelings.
He hid his emotions and pretended enthusiasm.
I envied his new house.
What a good speaker of Japanese!
He speaks Spanish as well as French.
He doesn't just speak French, he speaks Spanish as well.
According to the weather forecast, it will snow tomorrow.
Let's do lunch!
Confident as I am that you will not trifle with this appeal, my heart sinks and my hand trembles at the bare thought of such a possibility.
I saw her home.
I took her home.
I want a guide to Chicago.
I don't know what to buy him for his birthday.
But no, you will have your own way: 'I won't marry anybody but Vasily Gruskoff.'
The express train went by so fast we hardly saw it.
What I told you about him also applies to his brother.
"Aren't you Mr. Ogawa?" "Yes, I am. Can I help you?"
They show no remorse for their misdeeds, but continue to commit one crime after another.
Can you recommend a good camera, please?
None of the games were exciting.
You can say that again.
Cornered prey is the most dangerous kind.
He is a poet worthy of the title.
His cousin, whose name I have forgotten, was a nurse.
He doesn't miss a beat.
He doesn't miss anything.
He made a mistake and drank poison.
"Here you are," the steward says.
If you paint it yellow, you'll kill two birds with one stone: it'll stand out, and you'll save money because you can use paint you already have.
When you're hungry, anything tastes good.
It tastes very good, doesn't it?
It tastes really good.
My father made me a delicious lunch.
Nothing tastes as good as the food that you make.
The monkey fell from the tree.
We saw monkeys at the zoo.
It's really difficult to survive in a big city like Tokyo without endebting oneself.
Isn't this weather just great!
Great weather, isn't it?
After we had finished that, we ate lunch.
This really is great weather.
Japan, for the most part, is a lovely place to live.
Japan, for the most part, is a good place to live.
A beautiful sunset, isn't it?
The sky was clear when I left home.
Young people nowadays are fools.
Don't you think that most people on 2chan are idiots?
Yes, it's such a nice evening.
It's apparently a metaphor for something uncatchable, light of body and fleet of foot.
You have cute eyes.
It seems that I often see mean and disparaging behavior towards individuals on the net.
Japanese bureaucrats are nothing but traitors to the country who covet our tax money and will continue the practice of amakudari until the country is bankrupt.
A growing child who doesn't seem to have much energy perhaps needs medical attention.
There is a political party which is a traitor to the country in Japan.
Brilliant papers by Comrade Stalin allowed Soviet linguistics to take the leading position in the world.
Concerning this issue, I feel that the trash media only report biased information.
The world is full of incompetent doctors.
Recently, I feel like the number of women with loose morals is increasing.
The turkeys in my grandfather's farm are very noisy, I can't wait for them to get eaten.
A high school girl posting on a web forum hinting at underaged prostitution has been arrested.
Yesterday, a man told me that I sleep around too much.
Don't pay any attention to what your father says.
You don't have a fever.
He is giving his whole attention to that.
He tried to concentrate on the letter.
She teaches us French.
Do you think the weather will be fine tomorrow?
Do you think tomorrow's weather will be good?
Do you think tomorrow will be a nice day?
Do you think we'll have good weather tomorrow?
If you look closely, you don't see anything.
"Just now, you were looking. You Peeping Tom," she said angrily.
Guys, I gotta go.
What do we eat tonight?
I'm a thirty-year-old unmarried woman.
What shall I put on: trousers or a skirt?
There are many abandoned cats in the world.
There were lots of people on the street when the parade came by.
Don't just sit there, do something!
I can't hear what you're saying; it's too noisy here.
It appears that my husband is cheating on me with my friend. I want to tell her: "You thieving cat!"
Guests always bring delight; if it is not when coming, then it is when leaving.
If you give carnations 7Up instead of water, they last much longer - often as long as three or four weeks.
Girl, what beautiful hair you have.
Just before the wedding, the drunken father shouted at the groom: "I won't hand out my daughter to some stranger!"
The penis is one of the male reproductive organs.
Do you like women with large or small breasts?
Excessive drinking is one of the causes of impotence.
Why are Japanese so prejudiced against lesbians and bisexuals?
Sato's high voice and mannerisms are pretty effeminate.
According to many religions, adultery is a crime.
I'm in difficulties because of the demented old woman next door wreaking havoc in my fields.
My coach asked me if I was "unattached" and I didn't understand so I said yes.
Recently, I saw an attractive mature woman on the train.
A middle-aged woman is a woman who is past her prime.
Yes, in Osaka, too, we say "idiot" when we are insulting someone.
It's not a wife that I want, but a sex friend.
Out of a sense of justice, I said to the leader of the biker gang: "What you are doing is a crime! Be ashamed of yourselves!"
In the Netherlands, it is the custom that, when during the construction of a house the highest point has been reached and the roof is ready for tiling, the client treats the construction workers to so-called "tile beer" to celebrate this. A flag is then placed on the ridge of the house. If the client is too stingy to treat, not a flag, but a broom is placed.
Why are you feigning innocence?!
The section chief said out of the blue: "Women and meat, I like them a little rotten."
The Chicago Cubs have not won the World Series since 1908.
Have love for your classmates! Have love for your parents! Have love for your country!
Girls, you did terrifically. You've truly earned this victory.
If you don't watch out, you'll soon fall in the water.
How's life?
Please eat something.
His opposition was more violent than he had bargained for.
That's a real person.
I didn't expect that Mary would come so soon.
I don't know if George is coming or not.
He got a better score than us.
I don't know whether George will come or not.
I think there is no point in trying to persuade him.
What shall I put on: pants or a skirt?
It was difficult to persuade him to cancel the trip.
It was hard to persuade him to cancel the trip.
It was difficult to convince him to cancel the trip.
I had a hard time trying to persuade him to cancel the trip.
I hope that John comes.
I hope that John will come.
I hate those who always skip class and ask their friends to answer the roll call for them.
In our time, there were many students who passed the graduation exam without studying.
I like to eat watermelon.
The wind sounds scary, like screaming ghosts.
Those who want to meet, will meet.
I met Meg in Kyoto last week.
This is Mike. Is Hiroshi there?
He is a true man.
I'm only reading the scraps on news on the Internet, but, well, I get the general picture.
Much ado about nothing.
You can't prove that.
That everything is good... is good.
No, but I like going to watch baseball.
I like going to watch baseball.
I like to go and watch baseball games.
Justice is slow, but eventual.
He is not tall any more than I am.
He is no more tall than I am.
I went to Osaka station.
Why is it the mass media didn't report this?
Many friends came to see me off.
Many friends saw him off.
Like me, he's also not tall.
Your words made him feel much better.
We will visit them soon.
I tried to write down everything he said.
I would rather live by myself than do what he tells me to do.
I can't understand his feelings.
I don't like men like him.
I don't know anything about his past.
I couldn't find his house.
I hear that his father is in another country.
As far as I know, he said that himself.
If you eat only Big Macs for one year, will it be no problem?
Do you understand Mrs. Kunze?
No, I don't understand Mrs. Kunze.
Do you understand me?
Yes, I understand you well.
Where's the airport?
The airport is over there.
I beg your pardon. What did you say?
Please speak slowly.
Do you understand?
You're welcome.
Is that the railroad station?
No, that's not the station.
Is the restaurant there too?
It's there to the left.
Yes, I understand. Thank you.
Yes, it's there too.
What's that there?
That's the hotel.
Is the embassy here to the right?
Yes, it's here to the right.
Excuse me, where is the café?
There, straight ahead.
The bank is there too, isn't it?
I'd like to have some cigars.
All right. How many?
Five, and some matches too, please.
How much does that cost?
The cigars cost two Marks.
The matches cost ten pennies.
Would you like to have some cigarettes too?
Yes, how much do they cost?
Would you like to eat?
Yes, sausage and sauerkraut please.
How's the wine, and how's the beer?
The wine and the beer are good.
But the coffee's not good.
And the tea isn't good either.
Is the milk good?
Yes, the milk is very good.
How's the water here?
The water is good.
He not only speaks French, but he speaks Spanish, too.
Which tooth hurts?
Where do you have pain?
Where is the pain?
I'm sorry that you are leaving here.
It's too bad that you are leaving here.
A close neighbor is better than a distant relative.
I asked the company for his resume.
His plan is dangerous!
His teaching method is both good and bad.
I think his method of teaching has good points and bad points.
I think his opinion is very important.
I thought his opinion was relevant.
This morning he said that he would be leaving for Nara tomorrow.
I was terribly confused by his question.
I was awfully confused by his question.
I was offended by his behavior.
I wonder what happened to him.
I wonder what happened to his sister.
I was surprised by his perseverance.
He agrees with my opinion.
I agree with his opinion.
I agree with that opinion.
I'm fed up with him always preaching to me.
I'm tired of him bawling me out.
I'm tired of listening to his boasts.
I am tired of listening to his long speech.
I wonder if I should answer his letter.
I could hardly hear him.
I slapped his face.
I tried to get him to show what his true nature was, but I couldn't.
You're one narrow minded individual.
I tried to reveal him for what he really was, but it was impossible.
I'm behind him.
I'll scold him.
I'm a little hesitant to ask a favor of that person.
I'm a little hesitant about asking her for a favor.
Should I buy something for him?
I asked him for a favor.
I can't do anything but obey him.
I don't think I'll ever meet him.
I warned him not to be late.
I don't remember the first time I met him.
I don't remember when the first time I met him was.
I expect a lot from him.
We expect a lot from him.
I've never met him.
I had intended to hand the document to him, but I forgot to.
He dwelt for a time in France, then went to Italy.
I have never heard such stories as he tells.
The art of getting appointments when telemarketting.
But your function isn't Lipschitz continuous!
I don't suffer from insanity - I enjoy it!
I warned you not to get near him, didn't I?
He's someone who keeps his promises.
I can barely stand his behavior.
I can't stand his arrogance.
I can't put up with his arrogance.
I couldn't understand his ideas.
I have given him permission to do what he wants to do.
What happened on the bus?
I was mistaken in thinking that he was a trustworthy man.
I was really moved by this.
Don't lend money to someone who can't have a morning erection.
I want to get a bank loan in half a year's time - what should I be doing now?
I'd like to make an appointment for the day after tomorrow.
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I would put U and I together.
I'm not good at multitasking.
Can I use a credit card for payment?
After all, even the gods may err at times.
The thief set his eyes on that house.
I not only gave him some advice, I also gave him a blowjob.
I not only gave her some advice, I also gave her a cunnilingus.
I'm a stupid old maid in my thirties.
I not only gave him some advice, I also gave him a fellatio.
Most Shakuhachi are made from bamboo, but recently some wooden ones have appeared.
cubed is 27.
I'm at home.
"I forgot," she answered.
My watch stopped, so I didn't know the time.
Even though I ran down the stairs, I couldn't catch the train.
I've heard nothing.
I'll be the only one in this world.
All things considered, I think you should go back home and take care of your parents.
I not only gave him some advice, I also gave him a bicycle.
Even though the alarm clock went off, I didn't wake up.
I'm hungry!
Do you understand what I'm saying?
When I got to school, the race had already finished.
When I was a child, I used to swim in that pond.
As a matter of fact, I haven't eaten anything since this morning.
Since I'm off duty today, let's go to the coast.
Since I didn't eat anything for breakfast, I'm very hungry now.
He answered my question with a "no."
The man who was smoking said, "He doesn't come here any more."
"Let's go," he said to me.
You told her that you had finished the work three days ago.
"Did she buy a watch?" "Yes, she did."
"Oh? Where's Keiko?" "She said that she has a teacher, parent and child meeting so she'll be late."
At last, she gave in to him and told him the secret.
She asked him for help.
She asked me for help.
He asked his friends for help.
"Almaty" means "The Father of Apples" in many Turkic languages.
Both of them are in the room.
The two of them are in the room.
No one is working. Everyone's watching the World Cup.
What is happiness?
People need to be more lively when presenting their work.
There is a metro in Kazan.
The author of the Slovio language has even made a porn site in it.
He came to Japan when he was a child.
It was when he was a child that he came to Japan.
He came to Japan when he was years old.
South Africa is far away.
The South of Africa is far away.
He came first. That's why he got a good seat.
Since he doesn't feel well today, he can't come to the office.
He can't come to the office today because he doesn't feel well.
Because he's sick, he can't come.
He cheated on the test by copying his friend's answers.
He admitted that he had committed the crime.
He did everything he could to get the prize.
He doesn't want to leave the room because he's afraid that he'll catch another cold.
He doesn't work as hard as he used to.
He became sick. That's why he gave up going abroad.
Don't look a gift horse in the mouth.
She talks so much.
Somebody have the guts to admit that these vuvuzelas are killing the tournament.
She intended to become an actress.
She aspired to become an actress.
Many people think I'm crazy.
Commentators have variously described the sound of vuvuzelas as "annoying" and "satanic" and compared it with "a stampede of noisy elephants", "a deafening swarm of locusts", "a goat on the way to slaughter", "a giant hive full of very angry bees", and "a duck on speed".
Everybody loves the vuvuzelas!
Daddy, buy me a vuvuzela!
He announced that he would come at once and investigate the matter.
The vuvuzelas have a very agreeable sound.
Bill got up early in order to catch the first train.
Bill got up early so he could catch the first train.
As soon as Jim got home, he crawled into bed.
Within one month of going abroad, he became sick.
Jeff searched for three months before he found a job.
Can I borrow the Powerpoint clicker?
All lost umbrellas turn into paper clips, as anyone can prove when finding these.
She was only frightened, not injured.
What will you do when you grow up?
Close the door.
There's no one more deaf than he who does not want to listen.
Turpan grapes are famous worldwide.
Ghulja has very many kinds of apples.
You shouldn't go.
Oh boy...
I'm going there alone.
Do you plan to go overseas?
I'm outta here.
Are you at home?
I came, didn't I?
What do you plan to do?
Don't make trouble.
Don't you play tennis?
You like it, don't you?
You can do it, can't you?
You may use this car.
You shouldn't wait here.
I am Teochew.
May I use your pencil?
I have something that I want to say to you.
Hurry up! If you don't, we'll be late.
I need a medic.
The widget that overcomes Web-Marketing's weaknesses.
It isn't hard to overcome your weaknesses.
Who doesn't love a rebel?
It took just an hour.
The rumor turned out to be true.
You should see a doctor.
The conference will end tomorrow.
He's eating an apple.
She's eating an apple.
They're eating apples.
We're eating apples.
This is a picture of the airport.
Please show me your driver's license.
May I see your driver's license?
You'll use the computer for studying, and not for playing games.
Nancy wouldn't do a stupid thing like getting married to Jack.
She took the old woman's hand and led her to the church.
Mr. Spencer works in a shop.
The snow covered the whole city overnight.
Mr. Popescu's office is on the tenth floor.
Black clouds were passing above the city.
Please say hello to Mrs. Andreescu!
On Saturday we went to the movies, then to the restaurant.
I dropped by the bookstore and bought an interesting book.
I saw John at the library.
My wrist and forearm hurt, I think I might be suffering from carpal tunnel syndrome.
Market Square is the historic centre of the city.
There are four fountains with statues of Neptune, his wife Amphitrite, Diana and Adonis in the Market Square.
The clock on the Lviv Town Hall was first installed in the year 1404.
Hartman Witwer was a famous Lviv-based sculptor.
I had never heard about Lviv before.
This cemetery even has its own site, and there is a page “News” on it! Can you fancy news from the graveyard?!
Come here, little girl, sit down!
Please, madam, help yourself!
Mrs. Ionescu, I'd like to ask you something.
Sir, please fill out this form.
My youngest sister is a teacher, my oldest one, a medical doctor.
The U.N. building is very impressive.
My father offered his services to a well-known trade company.
There was a lot of talk lately about the architecture of the new school.
One fine morning in spring along came the great-great-granddaughter of the man who had built this house.
Today the weather is nice.
The trees were very scarce.
A cold rain fell over the city.
It's nice today.
The Romanians from Transylvania speak very slowly.
Mr. Anton spoke to them coldly.
I like baclava.
I like to walk.
Did you enjoy going to exhibits in Romania?
I will give him the book tomorrow.
I will give her the book tomorrow.
At the beginning you had disliked the idea, but now you seem to be content.
Daniela called me at home.
I would offer you a coffee if you had the time.
We were told that, due to the snow, we may go home.
I meet Mihaela every morning at the subway.
I met Mihaela at the subway station.
When I had met her in Bucharest, Anca was a student.
If I saw Anca, I would probably not recognize her.
You could feed a village in Africa for the price of an iPhone subscription.
Let me google that for you.
When I started using a computer I was taken in by Norton's CPU-hungry software and had a lot of trouble.
Have you ever tried body painting?
I don't like frisk searches.
May I be so bold as to request your assistance?
There was no option but to obey.
I really need this camera for my trip to Osaka.
An Englishman, a Belgian and a Dutchman enter a pub and sit down at the counter. Says the barkeeper, "Wait a minute, is this a joke or what?"
The more you eat Kuqa's apricots, the more of them you'll want to eat.
The figs of Atush are sweet and juicy.
Did you find the difference between these two photos?
He is taller than I by two inches.
He failed to do what he said.
However if you can speak Chinese, Korean, etc. you're able to share your way of thinking with many more people.
As you sow, so shall you reap.
They are about the same age.
In looking through the mist, I caught a glimpse of my future.
Not every lamp is magic.
When a friend comes from afar, is that not delightful?
Tom is good at cooking.
Tom is taller than I am.
Tom is older than I am.
Tom is still in the hospital.
Tom is a good person.
Tom is my friend.
Which team are you a fan of?
What's your favorite sport?
I left the door open.
Send me a letter when you arrive.
What slips in and out of view in the background is the real estate slump of recent years.
The dog ran towards me.
Children all leave the nest one day.
This boy is a genius at controlling RC vehicles!
When you skateboard, it puts quite a strain on your knees.
Few historical debates have inflamed passions as much as the debate concerning Slavisation of Greece between the 7th and 9th centuries.
A stitch in time saves nine.
Money's always to be found when we need to send men to be killed on the border; but there's none left when it comes time to help them.
Generally speaking, the art of governing consists in taking the most money from one part of the citizens, in order to give it to another part.
Killing is forbidden; every murderer is punished, unless he has killed accompanied by many men and to the sound of trumpets.
We sometimes say: "Common sense is quite uncommon."
My being male and white also removed huge obstacles that a majority of Americans then faced.
The lengthy peace hid the early signs of an explosion.
Tithe was one of the pillars of the French Ancien Régime.
Those who haven't lived in the eighteenth century before the Revolution do not know the sweetness of life.
Maybe later.
Let's go now. Otherwise, we'll be late.
If you won ten million dollars in a lottery, what would you do with that money?
And then?
What else?
I think I would buy a nice car.
You must leave.
Men are born and remain free and equal in rights.
No one may be questioned about his opinions, and the same for religious opinions, provided that their manifestation does not trouble the public order established by the law.
The French Revolution not only had as its objective to change an old government, but also to abolish the old form of society.
Since he was very drunk, he couldn't drive his car home.
Do you commute to school by bus?
During that time, we only heard about thieves, about murders, about men who had died of hunger.
I like white wine better than red wine.
I need to get some stamps.
There's no way I'm going to do that.
The games were all boring.
Were you able to open up and talk?
Probably it will snow tomorrow.
Only unemployed people date on Wednesdays.
We use dashed lines for the model, and continuous lines for the reality.
I didn't expect it.
Why is he so quiet?
The situation in Kyrgyzstan is a real mess.
All men who profit from the fruits of the earth must give back part of them to the Church, who will apply them to three uses: providing for pastors, the maintenance of religious buildings, help to the poor.
Anyone cherishes his native town in his heart.
I forced her to do my homework.
At Papa South, you can eat delicious homestyle food.
In real combat, you must not forget that hesitation is a very dangerous thing.
Rich mineral deposits have been discovered recently in Afghanistan.
Many authentic nobles did not have a nobiliary particle in their names.
One of the characteristics of the Ancien Régime is that almost everybody had privileges, except peasants.
Generally speaking, nobles were only very slightly affected by taxes.
I'm not as happy now.
I hope that your classroom had air conditioning.
I missed you.
Can I borrow this umbrella?
How old is this dog?
Do you often travel abroad?
It will probably snow tomorrow.
May I speak to the professor?
Open your heart.
An illiterate man was fair game for the literate exploiters who contributed to his domination.
Four fifths of French were frankly illiterate towards 1685.
"The sorcerer disguises himself as a beast, he wears a hide over his head and walks around town. It's my daddy who told me that."
The princess's taste for pleasures was expanding; and we thought only about how to sprinkle on them new seasonings, so as to give them more spice.
Forgive everyone, forget nothing.
This coffee is too hot for me to drink.
"We need to help Kyrgyzstan," said Putin to Hu Jintao... in my dream.
Can I write the name of the beneficiary in Russian?
He sent fruits and vegetables to his daughter.
I have always believed that fruits are more beneficial than fruit juices mainly because they do not contain added sugar.
I know that girl.
You should have seen it!
Korean food is generally very hot.
Eternity exists. It exists here...
If you turned off your computer right now, you would contribute to the prevention of global warming.
It is not the strong who win, but the winner who is strong.
Crows often fish through garbage.
The number of anorexic high school girls practicing extreme dietary restrictions is increasing.
As for myself, I like spring very much. I never liked summer.
If you bring us some books, the time will seem shorter to us.
The World Cup, like many other things in life, has a habit of ignoring the laws of fairness.
It would be good to call us on Saturday.
I told you to come whenever it's convenient to you.
I sent you a letter last week and I'll send you one more today.
If this is the way you were told, it is probably correct.
I bought a tie for Dan and I'll buy a scarf for Elena.
When you see the Popescus, please say hello from us.
If you meet the Orleanu sisters, invite them to Ruxandra's birthday. And don't forget their brother.
The first time I saw the Romanian soccer players was in Madrid.
As soon as you contact your friends, tell them that an avalanche is coming.
My car is a Ford, just like yours.
My name is Romanian; his is American.
Our children are at school; where are yours?
My books are in Romanian; hers are in English.
Which is more complete, the first edition or the second?
The professor that took the floor is from the University of Bucharest.
It's hot today, so we can take a swim in the sea.
In America, we can hear a chorus of comments from the right ridiculing soccer every time there's a World Cup.
The colleague whose husband is French has left for Paris.
All my friends to whom I sent invitations came to the party.
I can't decide which dress I should buy.
For whom do the bells toll?
I'm not sure who I should give this present to, the girl or the boy?
I found a note on my desk, but I don't know whose it is.
What do you think Dana has in mind?
I don't know what to think anymore.
I'm not sure how much we should wait.
How much honey do you use for this pastry?
To how many students have you given the highest grade?
Let's see who wins!
This student is American.
I already talked to this student.
This student's books are new.
I gave the books to this student.
We gave the books to this student.
We have the same intentions, but not the same modus operandi.
This year we offer the same language course as last year.
What can I do?
This summer, no scholarships were awarded to students who received one last year.
I bought only one book which I gave to a student.
As for our students, one has already left for Bucharest, and one is on her way.
What I've done!
We went out to dinner with two American men and two German ladies.
First of all, I would like to thank you for your hospitality.
This was Rodica's fifth book.
Our friend finished the race in second place.
You've invited your friends too, haven't you?
What's amazing about sports fans is the intensity of the rage they can feel toward something trivial.
My language is not on the list!
Close the window before going to sleep.
The third power of is 27.
My wife is a native of Ürümqi.
We have two kids.
I should like to see the trees from which you picked these apples.
He probably got tired of waiting and fell asleep.
My parents really love their grandchildren.
I'm the only one who doesn't know Uyghur.
I'm the only one who knows them.
After having finished my studies, I became a teacher.
My eldest son is studying right now.
Where are they going to right now?
My wife is cooking right now.
We have to pull the weeds.
What's your name?
On June at the Niigata city aquarium, fish died because of a mistake by an employee.
Maybe it will snow.
The problem resolved itself.
Shame be to him who thinks evil of it.
Mr. Meier believes that the Neumanns are on vacation.
Peter sees that the garage door is open.
He hopes that something interesting happens.
The man you saw yesterday was my uncle.
That's the man whose kids are so nice.
That's the help we need.
The journalist rented an apartment that is very expensive.
He has an interesting job, for which he has to work a lot.
That's the computer on which he writes his articles.
This journalist, whose article you were so interested in, is my neighbor.
The capital market is not what it was a few years ago.
The job market is not saturated.
I planted an apple tree in my garden.
Even superheroes need an occasional break.
Unfortunately, she is absent.
Queen Elizabeth II is thought to be descended from Genghis Khan via her grandmother.
Mr Koizumi is really full of himself.
He glanced at the clock.
It ain't called Vulture Valley for nothin', Bub!
There's somethin' mighty queer behind this, Scott!
It's too bad, but your character gets killed at the start of the play.
Since the role I play is that of a tree, it's just as if I didn't have one.
Let's race to the Izakaya!
After his wedding, Alain left his small, moldy apartment and led an extravagant life.
I heard that Isezaki city decided to ban beards for male city employees starting June 19. It's the complete opposite of the Taliban laws imposing the wearing of beards.
Not even death can save you from me.
I like to watch TV in my Jacuzzi.
A writer is somebody for whom writing is more difficult than it is for other people.
A man lives not only his personal life, as an individual, but also, consciously or unconsciously, the life of his epoch and his contemporaries.
Time has no divisions to mark its passage, there is never a thunderstorm or blare of trumpets to announce the beginning of a new month or year. Even when a new century begins it is only we mortals who ring bells and fire off pistols.
Mr. Koizumi talks endlessly without stopping.
I'm thinking of going.
We'll buy one car for each.
Do you have something that you want to say to me?
One of the students didn't come today.
Please say ‘yes’!
What's the date today?
God willing...
Candles gleamed brightly besides the jacuzzi.
Afrikaners are the people originated in South Africa.
Constant effort yields sure success.
Open windows are good for cooling.
The chance is gone.
At last, she executed the plan.
No matter how bad it gets, she won't die of that kind of sickness.
No matter how bad it gets, she won't die from that disease.
She thought about that matter all the time.
It's too bad that you couldn't come.
Being an only child, he was the sole heir.
You can get a nice view from here when the weather is good.
You don't get up as early as your older sister, do you?
You don't have any money.
Don't you have any money?
He noticed my presence.
I'd be happy to help you.
I'd be most happy to assist you.
I put all of the sheets to dry on the pole.
This region produces precious minerals.
Due to my lumbago, I won't be able to attend Koizumi's party.
My back hurts because I've been fishing all day.
Herbal supplements sold in drugstores have poor quality control and high content variability.
"Hello, who is this?"
The coward is the first to raise his fist.
Having practically unenforced laws on the books allows the police to lock up many people at will, since most people will always be violating some law or another.
The advent of indoor tanning salons now allows Canadians to sport a sun-kissed look all year round.
Relying on strength alone cannot guarantee victory.
A new study has shown that tanning bed use may cause addiction.
He who seeketh horse or wife without flaws, may forsake his work and bear in mind that bed and stable forever empty he will keep.
Mayumi gathered her small change and bought a beach ball.
What you say is true.
What my mother had said was true.
When you wear that dress, you look like a slut.
Crap! My girlfriend is already back! What should we do?!
My friend Kim has really bad anal bleeding sometimes.
This is because there is nothing so beautiful that, even on close inspection, no defects will be found.
They say that he was born in Germany.
I don't like your girlfriend.
Life is too short to learn German.
I can speak Esperanto like a native.
Good luck on the exam!
I don't understand what you are saying.
That's correct. In Japanese, ウエートレス corresponds both to the English "waitress" and "weightless". However, "waitress" is the more usual meaning.
We plan to climb that mountain.
That boy isn't as mischievous as we thought he would be.
If you hear hoofbeats, don't look for zebras.
I haven't seen him since then.
When I see that play, I always cry.
When you hear hoofbeats behind you, don't expect to see a zebra.
I want to learn Chinese next year.
I am hungry.
It is because light travels faster than sound that some people look brilliant before sounding stupid.
I am the best.
You've certainly been hoping for my love, but until now it has been flatly denied.
After having anal sex with my girlfriend, we usually need to have a good wash.
Kim is so tight, if you stuck a lump of coal up her ass, in two weeks you'd have a diamond!
As I thought, she's a virgin!
When she first saw the size of it, my naive girlfriend was blown away.
Inside, they're depressed, but if you looked at them you'd never know it.
Subdued girls are generally the prettiest I reckon. The loud, bustling ones are awful.
When I hear this song, I think of you, and miss you.
"What a cute puppy. Why is he called Panda?" "Because his face looks like a panda."
Even Japanese people make mistakes using the prefixes 'o' and 'go'.
Things like grammars that can be called absolutely correct do not exist anywhere.
I am a very sad person.
I'm going to a training camp tomorrow. However it's not the physical side that I'll be training, but the mental.
Do you want to know my secret? It's very simple...
Can't you apply the rules a little more elastically?
The bag I left on the passenger seat is missing!
Thank you for inviting us to dinner.
One nail drives out another.
The telephone is one wonderful device.
Kidding! I was simply invited to go out to dinner.
She and I are about the same height.
I have no intention of asking him.
We didn't intend to attack him.
He's not the only fish in the sea.
I'll pay by Visa.
I don't meet him so often.
I'm feeling depressed on the inside, but you can't tell by looking, can you?
Once, Zhuangzi dreamed he was a butterfly, but when he woke up, he wasn't sure whether he was Zhuangzi who had dreamed being a butterfly or if he was a butterfly now dreaming he was Zhuangzi.
Would you join me for some ballroom dancing?
It seems that Mr Hatoyama is living in company housing.
I don't mind since I'm used to it, but the first guy who thought about making a hearse with a golden roof on top of it, he must have had quite bad taste.
My husband tells me he goes to work even on Sundays and holidays but sometimes I suspect there's something fishy about his story.
She is beautiful.
Fear cannot be without hope nor hope without fear.
A free man thinks of death least of all things; and his wisdom is a meditation not of death but of life.
In truth, a man who renders everyone their due because he fears the gallows, acts under the sway and compulsion of others, and cannot be called just. But a man who does the same from a knowledge of the true reason for laws and their necessity, acts from a firm purpose and of his own accord, and is therefore properly called just.
Reflect upon your present blessings — of which every man has many — not on your past misfortunes, of which all men have some.
We are not interested in the possibilities of defeat; they do not exist.
It is, I think, an indisputable fact that Americans are, as Americans, the most self-conscious people in the world, and the most addicted to the belief that the other nations of the earth are in a conspiracy to undervalue them.
Be not afraid of life. Believe that life is worth living, and your belief will help create the fact.
The riddles of God are more satisfying than the solutions of man.
Men do not differ much about what things they will call evils; they differ enormously about what evils they will call excusable.
The Bible tells us to love our neighbors, and also to love our enemies; probably because they are generally the same people.
To have a right to do a thing is not at all the same as to be right in doing it.
A change of opinions is almost unknown in an elderly military man.
There is something to be said for every error; but, whatever may be said for it, the most important thing to be said about it is that it is erroneous.
Without education, we are in a horrible and deadly danger of taking educated people seriously.
All men can be criminals, if tempted; all men can be heroes, if inspired.
The oligarchic character of the modern English commonwealth does not rest, like many oligarchies, on the cruelty of the rich to the poor. It does not even rest on the kindness of the rich to the poor. It rests on the perennial and unfailing kindness of the poor to the rich.
It is so easy to be solemn; it is so hard to be frivolous.
The chief object of education is not to learn things; nay, the chief object of education is to unlearn things.
For fear of the newspapers politicians are dull, and at last they are too dull even for the newspapers.
Materialists and madmen never have doubts.
Angels can fly because they take themselves lightly.
Not only are we all in the same boat, but we are all seasick.
The most incredible thing about miracles is that they happen.
If you convey to a woman that something ought to be done, there is always a dreadful danger that she will suddenly do it.
Silver is sometimes more valuable than gold, that is, in large quantities.
Journalism largely consists in saying 'Lord Jones Dead' to people who never knew Lord Jones was alive.
Who will avenge the death of Karl?
Disobedience is the true foundation of liberty. The obedient must be slaves.
How vain it is to sit down to write when you have not stood up to live.
That man is richest whose pleasures are the cheapest.
A living dog is better than a dead lion.
Happiness is beneficial for the body, but it is grief that develops the powers of the mind.
We are healed of a suffering only by experiencing it to the full.
The Russians copy the French ways, but always fifty years later.
A forty-year-old woman is only something to the men who have loved her in her youth!
Canada, a country covered with snows and ices eight months of the year, inhabited by barbarians, bears and beavers.
You know that two nations are at war about a few acres of snow somewhere around Canada, and that they are spending on this beautiful war more than the whole of Canada is worth.
He is not entirely without courage.
He is certainly not without courage.
He has set off for America.
The salts and minerals found in these mountains are quite diverse.
The women really gave it their utmost.
A great warrior radiates strength. He doesn't have to fight to the death.
It's a quarter past eight.
Yesterday's board meeting was a big success.
The telephone is just a wonderful device.
All three of us are students.
Maybe, maybe not...
Do you have any drinks?
She tried to squeeze the juice out of the orange.
She tried to squeeze the juice from the orange.
She likes oranges.
I have a stupid question.
Does she like oranges?
May I eat this orange?
She goes to night school.
They always skip school.
They skip school all the time.
They dropped out of school.
And with all their charms they are not of a kind to maintain their influence over us for any length of time, when we know that they are nonentities.
A good Jack makes a good Jill.
You'd better believe it.
Hey guys, please be quiet.
Don't be self-conscious when you travel.
Don't stand near me.
Shake my hand.
We've arrived.
Well, let's get going!
Well, let's go.
Wait a moment.
Hey you! Please wait.
What an idiot I am!
I've been wanting to see you.
You really are lucky, aren't you?
You really are rude, aren't you?
You really are tall, aren't you?
I really am unlucky!
I continued singing.
I sympathize with you.
This is all I know.
I am hungry because I did not eat breakfast.
That's my favorite chair.
That's the chair that I really like.
I like you.
You're not here, so I'm really sad.
You and I have the same idea.
I'm walking with her.
Do what you think is best.
Do as you please.
Don't touch my camera.
This coat fits you perfectly.
Those are my pants.
Am I wrong?
We need your help.
He'll be done soon.
What do you do for a living?
What's your occupation?
When can we eat, I wonder.
A little nap and, just like that, I'm as fresh as a daisy.
The words were from a very old language.
The secret of Hegel's dialectic lies ultimately in this alone, that it negates theology through philosophy in order then to negate philosophy through theology.
Man has many wishes that he does not really wish to fulfil, and it would be a misunderstanding to suppose the contrary. He wants them to remain wishes, they have value only in his imagination; their fulfilment would be a bitter disappointment to him. Such a desire is the desire for eternal life. If it were fulfilled, man would become thoroughly sick of living eternally, and yearn for death.
There is nothing frightening about a normal, natural death, the death of a man who has fulfilled himself and lived out his life.
Christianity set itself the goal of fulfilling man's unattainable desires, but for that very reason ignored his attainable desires.
If Buddhism is attractive, it is because it appears as a possibility of touching the infinite and obtaining happiness without having any concrete religious obligations. A spiritual auto-eroticism of some sort.
It's exactly as you say it is.
You've been deceived.
Where is my clock?
Where are my watches?
Where are my clocks?
How can I get in touch with you?
It's for you to decide.
Once your reputation's gone, you can boldly carry on.
When he claims to desire eternal life, in reality man merely wishes to avoid a premature, violent or gruesome death.
You live freely if you haven't a reputation to lose.
Cruelty, it's the first attribute of God.
Believe those who seek truth, beware those who find it.
The dumber the white man is, the more the black man looks dumb to him.
What I know about morals, I owe to soccer.
True artists scorn nothing; they force themselves to understand instead of judging.
Justice is to judge men on their own merits, not according to their names or their ideas.
No justice or freedom is possible when money always takes the crown.
Only in philosophy can you use a circular argument and get praised for it.
They who dream by day are cognizant of many things which escape those who dream only by night.
If you wish to forget anything on the spot, make a note that this thing is to be remembered.
A strong argument for the religion of Christ is this — that offences against Charity are about the only ones which men on their death-beds can be made, not to understand, but to feel, as crime.
The boundaries which divide Life from Death are at best shadowy and vague. Who shall say where the one ends, and where the other begins?
In reading some books we occupy ourselves chiefly with the thoughts of the author; in perusing others, exclusively with our own.
I have spread my dreams beneath your feet; Tread softly because you tread on my dreams.
Maybe this world is another planet's Hell.
If feeling sick of the world could by itself grant saintliness, I don't see how I could avoid canonization.
The only thing we can ask of others, is not to guess at how lame we are.
We don't inhabit a country but a language. A country is a language and nothing else.
A man can live and be healthy without killing animals for food; therefore, if he eats meat, he participates in taking animal life merely for the sake of his appetite. And to act so is immoral.
Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself.
Seize the moments of happiness, love and be loved! That is the only reality in the world, all else is folly. It is the one thing we are interested in here.
To love life is to love God.
He who has love, is in God, and God is in him, for God is love.
I looked up, and did not recognize the same man: before, I had seen death in his face; but now he was alive, and I recognized in him the presence of God.
God shave the Queen!
Pleasure's a sin, and sometimes sin's a pleasure.
Let us have wine and women, mirth and laughter, Sermons and soda water the day after.
"Whom the gods love die young", was said of yore.
A lady of "a certain age," which means certainly aged.
All places are distant from heaven alike.
Birds of a feather will gather together.
The fear of some divine and supreme powers keeps men in obedience.
One was never married, and that's his hell; another is, and that's his plague.
They are proud in humility; proud that they are not proud.
Many things happen between the cup and the lip.
Tobacco, divine, rare, superexcellent tobacco, which goes far beyond all the panaceas, potable gold, and philosopher's stones, a sovereign remedy to all diseases...but as it is commonly abused by most men, which take it as tinkers do ale, 'tis a plague, a mischief, a violent purger of goods, lands, health, hellish, devilish and damned tobacco, the ruin and overthrow of body and soul.
The Way to see by Faith, is to shut the Eye of Reason: The Morning Daylight appears plainer when you put out your Candle.
Kentucky screams "fuck".
In this world nothing can be said to be certain, except death and taxes.
Those who would give up Essential Liberty to purchase a little Temporary Safety, deserve neither Liberty nor Safety.
A great Empire, like a great Cake, is most easily diminished at the Edges.
Democracy must be something more than two wolves and a sheep voting on what to have for dinner.
Over the piano was printed a notice: Please do not shoot the pianist. He is doing his best.
A man ought to read just as inclination leads him; for what he reads as a task will do him little good.
It matters not how a man dies, but how he lives.
Hell is paved with good intentions.
There is now less flogging in our great schools than formerly, but then less is learned there; so that what the boys get at one end they lose at the other.
When a man is tired of London, he is tired of life; for there is in London all that life can afford.
It is better to live rich, than to die rich.
Was it a car or a cat I saw?
A poet can survive everything but a misprint.
A penny saved is a penny taxed.
Slaughter is the best medicine.
He who buries his head in the sand today will grind his teeth tomorrow.
The discovery of a new type of meal contributes more to humankind than the discovery of a new star.
Tell me what you eat, I'll tell you what you are.
The other team took us lightly.
Happy chocolate that, after having run around the world through the smiles of women, finds death in a tasty and melting kiss in their mouth.
You can do anything with mayonnaise, except sit on it.
Those who eat to the point of indigestion or become drunk do not know how to eat or drink.
Not everyone who wants to may be a gourmand.
Waiting for too long for a late guest is a lack of consideration towards those guests who are present.
He who has friends for dinner, but takes no care in the meal that he has prepared for them is not worthy of having friends.
How could we govern others when we cannot govern ourselves?
Appetite comes with eating, but the thirst goes away with drinking.
He really wants to meet you.
I can't remember his name.
I know your older brother quite well.
I like this color, too.
If you can use gravity to your advantage, do so.
Either you go, or I go.
In case I can't come, I'll give you a call beforehand.
Oh right, I have something tomorrow.
I went there many times.
I'll pay.
Please tell me what I should do.
What do you eat for breakfast?
Where in Canada are you from?
What part of Canada are you from?
You should go in person.
You don't need to hurry.
You might be late for school.
You don't need to do that right away.
You didn't need to take a taxi.
Can you swim as fast as he can?
He's not as tall as you are.
Why were you there?
I asked her to wait a moment.
I missed the last train.
I won't talk to him anymore.
I want this camera.
I'm sorry, but I can't go with you.
If I were you, I wouldn't do that kind of thing.
It's been thirty years since we got married.
You're right.
There remained no more than people in the village.
No nation was ever so virtuous as each believes itself, and none was ever so wicked as each believes the other.
It is preoccupation with possession, more than anything else, that prevents men from living freely and nobly.
To save the world requires faith and courage: faith in reason, and courage to proclaim what reason shows to be true.
We all have a tendency to think that the world must conform to our prejudices. The opposite view involves some effort of thought, and most people would die sooner than think — in fact they do so.
The good life is one inspired by love and guided by knowledge.
I say quite deliberately that the Christian religion, as organized in its churches, has been and still is the principal enemy of moral progress in the world.
I found one day in school a boy of medium size ill-treating a smaller boy. I expostulated, but he replied: "The bigs hit me, so I hit the babies; that's fair." In these words he epitomized the history of the human race.
The fundamental cause of the trouble is that in the modern world the stupid are cocksure while the intelligent are full of doubt.
Religions, which condemn the pleasures of sense, drive men to seek the pleasures of power. Throughout history power has been the vice of the ascetic.
Do not fear to be eccentric in opinion, for every opinion now accepted was once eccentric.
Obscenity is whatever happens to shock some elderly and ignorant magistrate.
If throughout your life you abstain from murder, theft, fornication, perjury, blasphemy, and disrespect toward your parents, your church, and your king, you are conventionally held to deserve moral admiration even if you have never done a single kind or generous or useful action.
The only thing that will redeem mankind is co-operation.
The opinions that are held with passion are always those for which no good ground exists; indeed the passion is the measure of the holder's lack of rational conviction. Opinions in politics and religion are almost always held passionately.
Patriots always talk of dying for their country, and never of killing for their country.
Advocates of capitalism are very apt to appeal to the sacred principles of liberty, which are embodied in one maxim: The fortunate must not be restrained in the exercise of tyranny over the unfortunate.
Marriage is for women the commonest mode of livelihood, and the total amount of undesired sex endured by women is probably greater in marriage than in prostitution.
To fear love is to fear life, and those who fear life are already three parts dead.
In adolescence, I hated life and was continually on the verge of suicide, from which, however, I was restrained by the desire to know more mathematics.
Men who are unhappy, like men who sleep badly, are always proud of the fact.
Conventional people are roused to fury by departures from convention, largely because they regard such departures as a criticism of themselves.
Every man would like to be God, if it were possible; some few find it difficult to admit the impossibility.
A stupid man's report of what a clever man says is never accurate, because he unconsciously translates what he hears into something that he can understand.
When one admits that nothing is certain one must, I think, also admit that some things are much more nearly certain than others.
Change is one thing, progress is another. "Change" is scientific, "progress" is ethical; change is indubitable, whereas progress is a matter of controversy.
Every advance in civilization has been denounced as unnatural while it was recent.
In America everybody is of opinion that he has no social superiors, since all men are equal, but he does not admit that he has no social inferiors.
Aristotle maintained that women have fewer teeth than men; although he was twice married, it never occurred to him to verify this statement by examining his wives' mouths.
This is one of those views which are so absurd that only very learned men could possibly adopt them.
War does not determine who is right — only who is left.
Russell's books should be bound in two colours, those dealing with mathematical logic in red — and all students of philosophy should read them; those dealing with ethics and politics in blue — and no one should be allowed to read them.
You're Germans, aren't you?
You want to watch a French movie, don't you?
When I was working for a public school, I had ten to fifteen students in a class.
In France did you work at the embassy or in the consulate?
When you go to Romania, you will visit Dracula's Castle.
Do you want to go to the movies or to the theater?
Would you be interested in a project you would really like to do?
I saw you working and I didn't bother you.
Tomorrow, I'll take the books to the library.
In the summer I go to the pool every day.
I take my clothes to the cleaner's twice a month.
I don't cry easily.
I know the history of Europe very well.
As soon as I get up, I fix the coffee.
I wash my car in front of the house without any problems.
I bought some Romanian books for the students.
I brought some of my books to read.
Classes start at nine o'clock every day.
When she was a student, she used to go to the disco often.
When she was a student, she went to the disco only once.
When you go to Romania, you will see more.
I had already sent you the letter when you called.
Razvan just left.
Let's see what will happen.
I would like to drink a coffee.
I would have liked to have seen 'Casablanca' when the movie was discussed.
I would go to the movies if I had the time.
I would have gone to the movies if I had had the time.
Please give me a ticket for the seven o'clock show.
Don't bother, I can take care of this myself.
I cannot understand what happened.
When I realized it was raining, I took my umbrella.
Over the weekend I have a lot to wash.
I took my clothes to be cleaned.
Soon I have to go get a haircut.
I saw Andrea leaving home.
I would have gone to the mountains had I had the money.
This summer we'll go to the mountains and to the sea.
Bogdan said he would be there tomorrow.
I visited Romania a few years ago.
I visited Dan.
I see Dan.
I see Dana.
I see Dan and Andrei.
I see Dana and Corina.
I saw Dana.
They see Dan.
Histories are more full of Examples of the Fidelity of dogs than of Friends.
Blessed is the man who expects nothing, for he shall never be disappointed.
Charms strike the sight, but merit wins the soul.
Oh name forever sad! forever dear! Still breathed in sighs, still ushered with a tear.
Curse on all laws but those which love has made!
It is with narrow-souled people as with narrow necked bottles: the less they have in them, the more noise they make in pouring it out.
For, as blushing will sometimes make a whore pass for a virtuous woman, so modesty may make a fool seem a man of sense.
Some old men, by continually praising the time of their youth, would almost persuade us that there were no fools in those days; but unluckily they are left themselves for examples.
I wept and I believed.
He borrowed one hundred bucks from me.
Paul often drags heavy tools with him.
He is driving at top speed.
After the pictures were revealed, the actress' clean image was tainted.
Accept both good and bad.
You'd better start as soon as possible.
The bowling shop's opening ceremony was boring.
I was a student at that time.
I entered a singing contest sponsored by a pasta company and I made it to the semifinals.
The pigeons of Boston are fat and proud.
Because Lee was injured, the strength of the Stars has greatly diminished.
I was just drawing pictures, I had no further intention.
Will humanity be able to prevent the degradation of ecosystems?
Every time a failure like that occurs in another department, I'm tempted to call them idiots, but then people like you come along to demonstrate what true idiocy looks like.
Are there dogs that eat raw fish?
It's a lie that, "they don't eat fish raw abroad."
Do whatever you want, there will be gossiping anyhow.
Don't come to school to lark around.
I don't doubt but that he will do it.
When you go abroad, it is useful to learn at least some polite phrases in the local language.
All agree with you.
A cobbler should stick to his last.
A danger foreseen is a danger avoided.
A dog does not eat a dog.
A lie has no legs.
A shoe too large trips one up.
Better safe than sorry.
Don't paint the devil on the wall.
Far from eye far from heart.
For the world, you are somebody, but for somebody you are the world.
Free things always hurt.
According to the Washington Post, between and 2006, the U.S. government sent $1.billion in farm subsidies to people who don't farm.
I always rely on him in times of trouble.
I awoke this morning at the crack of dawn, only to find that the crops had been ruined by ravenous birds.
We suspect it's about a poisoning by snake bite.
When watching TV, please ensure that the room is brightly lit and watch from a distance.
The bus driver didn't see the pedestrian.
"May I park here?" "No, you can't."
The best way to catch a train on time is to make sure to miss the one that precedes it.
Consider what we do to our children. We do not say to them: 'Some people think the earth is round, and others think it is flat; when you grow up, you can, if you like, examine the evidence and form your own conclusion.' Instead of this we say: 'The earth is round.' By the time our children are old enough to examine the evidence, our propaganda has closed their minds...
Well, I'll translate fifteen more sentences in German, but after that I'm leaving.
Turn left and you will find the cafe.
She takes a shower every morning.
Man is born free; and everywhere he is in chains.
The strongest is never strong enough to always be master, unless he transforms strength into right, and obedience into duty. From there derives the right of the strongest.
Nature never deceives us; it is always we who deceive ourselves.
I have entered on an enterprise which is without precedent, and will have no imitator.
In the strict sense of the term, a true democracy has never existed, and never will exist. It is against natural order that the great number should govern and that the few should be governed.
Lend me a memo pad or something.
Among human beings, the subjection of women is much more complete at a certain level of civilisation than it is among savages. And the subjection is always reinforced by morality.
She has beautiful eyes.
It turned out that their office had a lot of women.
In former days, men sold themselves to the Devil to acquire magical powers. Nowadays they acquire those powers from science, and find themselves compelled to become devils.
And these signs shall follow them that believe; In my name shall they cast out devils; they shall speak with new tongues; they shall take up serpents; and if they drink any deadly thing it shall not hurt them; they shall lay hands on the sick, and they shall recover!
Who was Number One?
An old man was resting in the shade of the tree.
My older brother did all the preparation for us.
My older brother made all the preparations for us.
One morning, she unexpectedly met him on the street.
If you compare this to that, which is better?
He must be the principal.
I'm doing this for you.
Even with all his wealth and fame, he's unhappy.
The weak are food for the strong.
These shoes are too small.
Are you married?
This is my father's.
Ann doesn't have any sisters.
Ann doesn't have a sister.
The class begins at 8:30.
Can I borrow something to write on?
Gimme something to write on.
That's me - the coward unable to muster his courage and find out the truth.
Ann likes chocolate very much.
Ann loves chocolate.
Ann is exceedingly fond of chocolate.
Ann is a sucker for chocolate.
Ann loves chocolate more than anything.
Ann is partial to chocolate.
The coastal ecosystem of British Columbia is rapidly declining.
Evening come, since you were slightly tired, you wished to sit in front of a new Café located on the corner of a new boulevard, still full of gravel and already showing its unfinished splendors.
He who seeks a flawless horse or flawless wife, may rest assured that even if his work he did forsake, nor bed nor stable would he ever fill.
English is never wrong when it is beautiful.
The miner asked the lamp spirit for a happy life.
Following the demographic data, the government was obliged to adopt a policy that would stimulate the birth rate.
This movie is about a poor girl who gets mistaken for the daughter of a rich man in the confusion following a train crash.
It doesn't start before eight thirty.
I'm thinking about complaining about my son's teacher at the kindergarten.
It takes a while to relax.
Take care in whatever you do.
One must take care in whatever one does.
The Ying Yang diviner may not predict his own fate.
According to research by Gunnar Samuelsson, Jesus may not have died on a cross. Instead, it's possible that he died on a pole or a tree trunk.
Physician, heal thyself.
Where have you come from?
How many magazines are on the desk?
No problem!
They weren't at home yesterday.
My dream is to buy a Lamborghini tractor.
His proposal is completely out of the question.
Frugality with diligence builds houses like castles.
One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten.
He's famous around the world.
He was not happy at all.
It's OK.
Please come and help me.
Come home.
This is my mother.
Why were you picking up guys?
Let's do it.
Let's try it.
What is this shit?
What the bloody fuck is that?
The Defense Enrollment Eligibility Reporting System is also called DEERS.
Men are greedy.
Good evening, how are you?
What's this?
If I could be like that...
There's no doubt that the universe is infinite.
This medicine will help you.
How far is it from here to that station?
What time is it now by your watch?
What time does your watch say it is now?
I live in this neighborhood.
I live near here.
You don't have to make a different dish for every person.
This further proof that the chairman of the board is a few croutons short of a salad.
My black shoes need heel repairs.
If you don't want to attend classes in the seminar on the topic "Fighting Corruption Inside the Enterprise", you can just pay hryven' and receive the certificate.
Please translate this Japanese text into French.
He whose face gives no light, shall never become a star.
The road of excess leads to the palace of wisdom.
No bird soars too high if he soars with his own wings.
The nakedness of woman is the work of God.
As the catterpillar chooses the fairest leaves to lay her eggs on, so the priest lays his curse on the fairest joys.
If the doors of perception were cleansed everything would appear to man as it is, infinite.
Every Harlot was a Virgin once.
Both read the Bible day and night, but thou read'st black where I read white.
He works at the bank.
It is justice, not charity, that is wanting in the world.
The same energy of character which renders a man a daring villain would have rendered him useful to society, had that society been well organized.
We reason deeply, when we forcibly feel.
It is the preservation of the species, not of individuals, which appears to be the design of Deity throughout the whole of nature.
Situation seems to be the mould in which men's characters are formed.
An ardent affection for the human race makes enthusiastic characters eager to produce alteration in laws and governments prematurely.
You know I am not born to tread in the beaten track — the peculiar bent of my nature pushes me on.
No man chooses evil because it is evil; he only mistakes it for happiness, the good he seeks.
Virtue can only flourish amongst equals.
Every political good carried to the extreme must be productive of evil.
Women are systematically degraded by receiving the trivial attentions which men think it manly to pay to the sex, when, in fact, men are insultingly supporting their own superiority.
You assume we are all sexually stable; while on the other hand, as I have become acquainted with people, I find that they are all perverted sinners, one way or another, that the whole society is corrupt and rotten and repressed and unconscious that it exhibits its repression in various forms of social sadism.
There is nothing God cannot do.
They say that God is everywhere, and yet we always think of Him as somewhat of a recluse.
The very pure spirit does not bother about the regard of others or human respect, but communes inwardly with God, alone and in solitude as to all forms, and with delightful tranquility, for the knowledge of God is received in divine silence.
The soul that desires God to surrender himself to it entirely must surrender itself entirely to him without keeping anything for itself.
Live as though only God and yourself were in this world, so that your heart may not be detained by anything human.
We are not human beings having a spiritual experience; we are spiritual beings having a human experience.
Love alone is capable of uniting living beings in such a way as to complete and fulfill them, for it alone takes them and joins them by what is deepest in themselves. All we need is to imagine our ability to love developing until it embraces the totality of men and the earth.
The world can no more have two summits than a circumference can have two centres.
If this were played upon a stage now, I could condemn it as an improbable fiction.
My girlfriend's daughters have joined Facebook.
My father bought a new car.
Would you mind if I sit at the same table?
Please put your shoes on.
I can't see anything.
To leave is to die a little, but to die is to leave very much.
How about some chocolate cheese?
The ultimate measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of comfort and convenience, but where he stands at times of challenge and controversy.
Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere.
The time is always right to do what's right.
It is true that behavior cannot be legislated, and legislation cannot make you love me, but legislation can restrain you from lynching me, and I think that is kind of important.
We must learn to live together as brothers or perish together as fools.
I'm sure that he'll get angry.
No one in his class can run faster than he does.
No one in the class runs as fast as he does.
I'll just introduce myself.
Nowhere but in the world of the antique is it more obvious that many of the things that we, as individuals hold dear, are completely arbitrary.
Teaching ESL is usually a gig for losers and boozers.
He didn't pay the slightest heed to that exam.
He holds great influence with the Association of Medical Sciences.
We can learn a lot about a society by looking at its driving culture.
I sincerely hope for his happiness.
Any teacher that can be replaced by a machine should be.
The Hegelian philosophy is the last magnificent attempt to restore Christianity, which was lost and wrecked, through philosophy and, indeed, to restore Christianity—as is generally done in the modern era—by identifying it with the negation of Christianity.
But so that we may not cause offense, go to the lake and throw out your line. Take the first fish you catch; open its mouth and you will find a four-drachma coin. Take it and give it to them for my tax and yours.
I went to the cinema with my brother.
When the farmer drops dead off the tractor, then at the edge of the forest, there must be a reactor.
When the chickens are flat as pancakes, then again the tractor must have been faster than them.
When the full moon falls down on the roof at night, all the farmers are woken up.
You don't even try to help me.
I'm not a woman hater; and if I were, I would make an exception for you.
When the heater in the barn fails, you get milk-flavoured ice cubes.
You're completely right.
When the cow flies high and the ox flies low, there probably is a twister.
Shit shot with a gun makes the best freckles.
I have often admired the mystical way of Pythagoras, and the secret Magic of numbers.
Persecution is a bad and indirect way to plant Religion.
Happy are they that go to bed with grave music.
The long habit of living indisposeth us for dying.
We all labour against our own cure; for death is the cure of all disease.
The heart of man is the place the devil dwells in; I feel sometimes a hell within myself.
Death is one of two things. Either it is annihilation, and the dead have no consciousness of anything; or, as we are told, it is really a change: a migration of the soul from this place to another.
When we come to die, we shall be alone. From all our worldly possessions we shall be about to part. Worldly friends — the friends drawn to us by our position, our wealth, or our social qualities, — will leave us as we enter the dark valley. From those bound to us by stronger ties — our kindred, our loved ones, children, brothers, sisters, and from those not less dear to us who have been made our friends because they and we are the friends of the same Saviour, — from them also we must part. Yet not all will leave us. There is One who "sticketh closer than a brother" — One who having loved His own which are in the world loves them to the end.
The Bible, as a revelation from God, was not designed to give us all the information we might desire, nor to solve all the questions about which the human soul is perplexed, but to impart enough to be a safe guide to the haven of eternal rest.
There is no piety in the world which is not the result of cultivation, and which cannot be increased by the degree of care and attention bestowed upon it.
When life has been well spent; when there is a conscience without reproach; when there is faith in the Saviour; when there is a well-founded hope of heaven, there can be nothing that should disquiet us.
On the plus side, death is one of the few things that can be done just as easily lying down.
I've a yen for adventures.
The love of a young maiden is a poem. The love of an old maid is philosophy.
To turn a disaster into an opportunity.
Let's wait and see and drink some tea.
Red sky in morning; global warming. Red sky at night, reactor's alight.
Even with all his money, he's unhappy.
Even with all the money he has, he isn't happy.
Did you buy her something for Christmas?
He isn't the only one with this opinion.
I used to play tennis with him on Sundays.
I often used to play tennis with him on Sundays.
It seems obvious that he is sick.
It's a messy situation.
Courses in analysis begin with the fundamental notions of mathematical logic, important proof techniques, and the construction of real and complex numbers.
I had neither the time to go shopping, nor to say goodbye to my mother.
I will show that it's possible to be reborn from one's ashes.
It won't start before eight-thirty.
There's no doubt: the universe is infinite.
A mathematician is a man who not only understands the idea put forth before him, but who sees as well the error in its foundations.
Don't ruin my fun after all the pain that I put myself through.
Who are the idiots who said that teachers should push for larger amounts of homework, seeing as the students don't work enough?
This humanitarian group looks for volunteers to distribute meals to the homeless during the month of December.
Tomorrow is back-to-school day! For once, I'm anxious to go back.
I'm experiencing some heartburn.
He studies French and web design.
When man and woman unite, work is no longer as tiring.
Let's have a try.
Little Ming still doesn't know where he's going to go next year.
It scares me not to see you online the entire day.
I don't want to imagine ever looking up "Viagra" on Wikipedia.
Bernard Kouchner, who established Medecins Sans Frontieres, did not oppose the Iraq war.
It's just that I admire you.
Presidential candidate Obama's economics team seems to be made up of distinguished neoliberals.
He wasn't destined to see her again.
I like the short hairstyle.
I called my friend after arriving at the station.
Do you like sci-fi movies?
It was a quiet winter evening.
She was bewitched by his smile.
My dad bought me books.
I got older, and so I started looking at things differently.
He decided to put off his departure.
This mountain is covered in snow all-year-round.
Even though she grew up in Japan, she speaks fluent English.
I'm a lefty.
Regardless what he does, he does it well.
My father will return at the beginning of next month.
Don't forget to turn off the gas before leaving the house.
It's obvious to everyone that he's a genius.
What's wrong about men ruling over women?
I'm a serious office lady and a good wife and mother at home.
Men should keep out of the kitchen.
The number of muffins that you'll receive will be inversely proportional to the number of times you talk on IRC.
Do you think that chest hair is sexy?
I've had my hair removed permanently, so my skin is smooth.
What's radical today may be cliché tomorrow.
I'm really tired and want to go to bed early.
At last we meet! I've waited so long for this day!
He spent a few months wandering around Europe.
I don't know anything about him, other than his name.
I'll stay here for a bit.
It's like him to behave that way.
He wrote a letter.
As soon as he was left alone, he opened the letter.
Do you speak French?
He inherited the business from his father.
Both sisters are very beautiful.
She always picks fault with him.
The match was cancelled due to rain.
I have to take the entrance exams next year.
They put off their departure due to the heavy snow.
The ice melted.
She brags about how well she can cook.
I don't wear glasses anymore.
The girl in the picture has a flower wreath on her head, and not a golden crown.
Have you already decided on your thesis topic?
No one was late.
I quit smoking.
Kouchner, the French Minister for Foreign Affairs, advocated the Ggroup.
"You OK?" "Wha-... Yes, it's nothing."
The test result showed how much he had studied.
There's a splendid park in the centre of the town.
UN stands for United Nations.
My personality is not at all serious!
I'm trying mah-jong for the first time.
He's not serious.
I will try.
Is it splendid, this world?
Rock, paper, scissors.
I am delighted to have met you today.
I'm glad I met you today.
The castle is beautiful.
The word "impossible" isn't in the French language.
This castle is beautiful.
This lock is beautiful.
The Steve Miller Band released a new album in June of 2010.
Did you buy this book?
Please sit down.
No woman is as arrogant as she is.
I think hairiness is a symbol of masculinity, so I really like it.
All men naturally hate each other.
It takes time to relax.
Social order does not come from nature. It is founded on customs.
He voluntarily helped his mum clean.
Buddha, impressed by the rabbit's efforts, raised him unto the moon and set him in that form forever more.
Good day, how are you?
All the other children in the school had rich parents, and he was beginning to feel like a fish out of water.
Not for school, but for life do we learn.
It is important that no one is allowed to slack off on their assigned work.
The words poison and potion are cognates.
The woman observes and the man thinks.
I'm good at Japanese.
I'm going to exercise every day.
There's still a lot left to do, so I won't get bored.
Impossible is not a French word.
There's no such word as "can't".
French people don't think of anything as impossible.
There is nothing that the gods may not do.
Trang's party was as much fun as a funeral wake.
Former Olympic fencing champion Pál Schmitt has been elected President of Hungary.
Wise men talk because they have something to say; fools, because they have to say something.
The hour of departure has arrived, and we go our ways — I to die, and you to live. Which is better God only knows.
Only the dead have seen the end of war.
Real happiness comes cheap; if it's expensive, it's not of a good type.
I'm afraid it won't work.
I think it won't succeed.
In 2009, Korea suffered the dishonor of having the highest suicide rate amongst OECD countries.
In South Korea, the most powerful member of a family, usually the oldest living male, has the power to send members of his family to a psychiatric hospital as he sees fit.
Trang's party was like a wake.
Korean mental hospitals have been compared to concentration camps. Patients are said to be treated like animals who are subjected to violence and maltreatment rather than therapy.
Argleton is a town in West Lancashire, England which exists only on Google maps.
Necessity knows no law.
“Yandex” search engine started supporting Tatar language too.
We shall leave tomorrow, weather permitting.
We shall leave in the morning, weather permitting.
My past self is another person.
Woman observes, man decides.
He called me a taxi.
He called a taxi for me.
He called a cab for me.
He works at a bank.
Where are you going?
I didn't mean to give that impression.
What did you have for lunch today?
This is a no-swimming zone.
He's very soft-hearted.
Die already!
Break for bath & food, back in about minutes!
Liar today, thief tomorrow.
He that will lie, will steal.
Shillings, not greetings.
It takes about minutes to get to the train station by foot.
Cup ramen are bad for your health.
What a beautiful sunset.
Please go at the most convenient time for you.
I wonder if he'll come tomorrow.
You're a human.
Can your mom drive a car?
Please wash your hands properly before eating.
I ate noodles for the first time today.
What a nice sounding word!
The world which I saw in my dream was a peaceful world devoid of war.
But the person in charge is there precisely to take responsibility.
You can study, no matter your age.
It's fine, there's no need to feel uncomfortable!
It was cheaper than I thought.
I ate the cheese.
The food was great in Italy.
Before you give orders, you must learn to obey.
What do I have to do now that I'm registered?
Help yourself and God will help you.
There's no need to advertise a good sake.
Each man calls barbarism whatever is not his own practice.
I can probably give you seven minutes.
We disturbed him.
Is English harder than Japanese?
Speak of the next year, and the devil will laugh.
There is no cure for lovesickness.
I am a lonely man.
Let's shred your wings into small pieces and throw them away.
Let's shackle your feet with silver fetters.
If nobody knows what's coming next, nobody will be disappointed.
Knock on the door of one's heart.
Knock on the door of happiness.
There is no King on the Road of Death.
We can't fix this by selling stuff!
Do you like tennis?
You're not just peddling stuff!
You need this.
Never put off to tomorrow what you can do today.
Like a thorn stuck in your throat.
It seems that it's impossible to distinguish an obsessional neurosis from an intense love from a biochemical perspective.
The train came out of the long tunnel forming the border, and there was the snow country.
While we were out for a picnic, our house's lock was picked by a thief.
Nice flowers don't yield good fruits.
Everything that is in this world is but a dream.
Even hell can be a nice place to live when you get used to it.
Heaven and Hell only exist in men's hearts.
I've got to get to sleep soon.
From now on, you will become the toughest fifteen year old in the world.
When happiness comes knocking at your door.
"Really?" "Yes, really."
How did you reply?
What is the problem?
What other options are there?
Why say sorry for something you haven't even done?
Happy Canada Day!
Much confusion ensued following this news report.
Your look betrays you.
It's quiet in the suburbs...
What did the doctor say?
Tom learnt from Mr Ogawa that many people have scorn for the nouveau riche.
He is an able lawyer.
I saw him for the first time in years.
But for my advice you would have failed.
If you hadn't had my advice, you would have failed.
If you hadn't had advice, you'd have failed.
That pole is off vertical.
Long time, no see.
It's been a long time.
I haven't seen you for a long time.
It's been a while since we last met.
I haven't seen you in a long time.
I haven't seen you for a while.
I'll stand by you no matter what happens.
I haven't seen you for ages.
Wow! It's been a long time.
I haven't seen you in ages.
He lost his job.
I caused him a lot of trouble.
I made a doll for Ann.
Act only according to that maxim whereby you can at the same time will that it should become a universal law.
Act in such a way that you treat humanity, whether in your own person or in the person of any other, never merely as a means to an end, but always at the same time as an end.
He is quick to take offence.
When in love, even pockmarks are dimples.
He doesn't have any idea how important this meeting is.
These shoes are hers.
The sound from the thundersticks was overwhelming at the stadium today.
I was able to catch the last train because I walked very quickly.
I couldn't understand anything that he said.
Both of those students didn't pass the test.
Both of the students passed all their tests.
Since I walked very fast, I was in time for the last train.
He understood the negative outcomes of being wasteful.
The fundamental problem in arguing with a person who denies global warming is that they use erroneous logic.
Revenge is a dish best served cold.
My old-fashioned grandfather complains about the way girls are dressed nowadays.
According to what I heard after, the teacher didn't come until the end of the class.
Comedy is much closer to real life than drama.
We can find societies without science, without art or without philosophy; but there never was a society without religion.
If you look from afar, most things will look nice.
Things that you see with your eyes are not necessarily true.
The wall separating criminals from non-criminals is not as thick as we think.
There's no such thing as a perfect sentence. Just as there's no such thing as perfect despair.
It's not immoral for a novelist to tell lies. In fact, the bigger the lies, the better lies, and the more the common folks and critics will praise you.
Far better it is to dare mighty things, to win glorious triumphs even though checkered by failure, than to rank with those poor spirits who neither enjoy nor suffer much because they live in the gray twilight that knows neither victory nor defeat.
Forget about the past. Compared to yesterday, I like today more. That's why I try to enjoy the moment, that's all.
When nobody knows that something is, it's quite the same as if it were not.
The obedience of everyone to rules, even absurd ones, promotes a greater cohesion within society.
Today's mission: milk tea with mochi.
Attempts to fight the fire with buckets soon proved fruitless.
This is by far the best of all of these.
My eyes hurt.
Ivo saw the grape.
I just finished reading Wuthering Heights.
I have a sore throat.
Hey, you! No running by the pool!
At this time of day, most customers are adults here to exercise, there aren't that many kids.
When I got worried and went to check on him, it looked like he'd barricaded himself in the department's toilet and wasn't coming out.
However, the princess had barricaded herself in her room and wouldn't come out.
What do I think, you say ... well then, I'll give you my candid opinion.
I'm a good taxi driver.
Life is short, but it's long enough.
"Your nose is dripping." "S-sorry."
Go to school! You lazy bastard.
I'm going out in an hour.
This must have been some kind of Freudian slip.
A Freudian slip is when you mean one thing, but you say your mother.
Law and politics are two different things.
Don't worry! Even if I drink, it doesn't have an effect on my driving.
Even children can read this book.
We suffer primarily not from our vices or our weaknesses, but from our illusions.
Education is learning what you didn't even know you didn't know.
A celebrity is a person who is known for his well-knownness.
A sign of a celebrity is often that his name is worth more than his services.
While the easiest way in metaphysics is to condemn all metaphysics as nonsense, the easiest way in morals is to elevate the common practice of the community into a moral absolute.
Since the Creator had made the facts of the after-life inaccessible to man, He must not have required that man understand death in order to live fruitfully.
Sadder than the beggar is the man who eats alone in public.
The problem is worthy of being remembered.
She has no qualms about being violent towards her children.
He got 90% in English.
Riding double on a bicycle is dangerous.
I wish I had the time to stay and talk with you.
The thief-taker arrested many thieves at the same time.
How generous you are to give me so much money.
You idiot!
Happy Fourth of July!
Two people can enter with this ticket.
With this ticket, two people can enter for free.
I'll come back to Australia the day after tomorrow.
Japanese eat three meals a day.
Minnesota's state bird is the mosquito.
She said, "Thank you for the meal," to the cook.
I wonder what effect technical advances such as the Internet, mobile phones and digitalization technology have on the people's awareness, actions and interest in politics.
A 40- or 50-year-old is a snot-nosed brat.
Lithuania is a member of the European Union.
We have lots of snow in the winter.
When will you get married?
When are you going to get married?
There's no one in the room.
I don't think he'll come.
Leaving your suspicious actions I've seen a mystery - are you trying to rob me of my sleep?
Today was fun.
Isn't that annoying?
Isn't Shinji a pain? He is, isn't he?
"Age?" "16."
"How old are you?" "I'm sixteen."
Yes, what of it?
That's right, but what's it to you?
You must be sad since you lost one of your friends.
You will be missed by your friends when you're gone.
Hurt people hurt people.
The earth can satisfy our needs but not our greed.
When you use the last sheet, don't think: "The person after me will manage just fine."
Gentlemen, lift the toilet seat! Ladies also like to sit dry.
I can do it by myself!
But, knowing precisely sadness and love and death, and that they are vain images when we observe them from the calm space where we should shut ourselves in, he kept on weeping, and desiring love, and fearing death.
Martial arts have their limits. You just have to look at Bruce Lee. He was the strongest but he couldn't help dying.
It's always a great relief, as religion says, to think about someone unhappier than ourselves.
She used to be a teacher.
If there is such a thing as an unforgivable act, it is the act of not forgiving.
People cling on to life more than anything - a funny idea, given all the beautiful things that exist in the world.
I have a lot of homework.
When you like the way you breathe, they will all take it to be a respiratory illness.
When he was young, he was poor and had to live on rice gruel.
He has a pleasant voice.
I think that it's dangerous to go walking alone at night.
Luck is like a woman - it must be desired.
Despite his young age, he did a very good job.
But the work on the farm was enjoyable.
The future of humanity remains undetermined, as it depends on it.
There are things that only intelligence is capable of searching for, but which it itself will never find. These things can only be found by instinct, but it will never search for them.
That meat is chicken.
I'll try harder next time.
I'm sorry, but I'm going home.
I've finished reading that book.
I continued working.
I returned the book to the library.
He overslept this morning.
A long time ago, there was a bridge here.
At one time, there was a bridge here.
Example sentence no. created a lot of confusion on the Tatoeba website.
There was a lot of snow last year.
The security level, as established by the Department of Homeland Security, is orange.
I have to study for the test.
My wife catches colds easily.
I want to breathe some fresh air.
What'll you be doing over the weekend?
I enjoy eating hot soup.
I don't like movies.
She doesn't need to work.
Running is good for your health.
That furniture is my mother's.
I'll return at 6:30.
My leg was bitten by that dog.
Nobody ever got rich by saving on drinks.
She was often late for school.
My head aches so.
Going off-line for a bath.
All is illusion.
"Are you OK?" "I'm fine!"
Hello, are you Mr Ogawa?
Light-roasted coffee brands remain the most popular.
His students speak badly about him behind his back.
She was never heard speaking ill of others.
Could you talk a little slower?
The lake has a diameter of miles.
Is the university's library open now?
The TV's on.
He turned his coat around.
He's still at work.
They aren't here yet.
He left just a moment ago.
I've put on weight recently.
There's been a lot of rain this year.
You should wear a coat.
Please wait a little while longer.
Is it okay if I take a break?
Magda will be married to a Spaniard.
This will cost about thousand yen.
Wouldn't you like to eat?
Emet, we need more meat!
Do you have vegetarian pilaf?
I would like something to drink.
We only have tea.
There's a fly in the noodle broth.
We only make Uighur food.
How many kebabs will you have?
We now have politicians who lack a child's knowledge of government.
Those fated to meet will do so regardless of distance. Those not fated will not, even if they are across from one another.
When do you usually get off work?
We have five kinds of kebab.
A plate of pilaf with some kebabs is heaven on earth.
You should read books beneficial to you.
I wish my grass were emo, then it would cut itself.
I enrolled in an art school when I was eight.
He sang on-stage.
He's working in a troupe right now.
He's a singer that's loved by everyone.
Do you like the people leading the country?
If we continue like this, it's as clear as day that the Japan of five years on will be in decline.
Everyone loves that place.
Let's eat a watermelon!
I can come tomorrow.
This miserable old church is the oldest building in our country.
This pigeon flew from San Francisco to New York.
They helped each other with homework.
Help each other with homework.
The only remaining region in the world where obesity is uncommon is sub-Saharan Africa.
Please take me out for dinner!
In America, the consumption of fast-food has tripled between and 1995.
All of these meetings are in English.
Though I may be in the jaws of death, I am as a firm as a rock.
Though I am in the tiger's mouth, I am as calm as Mount Tai.
There's no manti right now.
Liu Bei and Zhuge Liang are an unbeatable team.
They haven't arrived yet.
The road to hell is paved with good intentions.
I'd better get to bed soon.
If only I could sing well.
In times of crisis one should never idealise the past.
I began the book.
I started writing the book.
I started reading the book.
I've paid parking fines a number of times myself.
She came round to watching TV.
He saw he was wrong.
I never thought I'd make this mistake myself.
Obviously I agree that you should advance in life through your own efforts.
Sitting in her panther hide chair, the young woman, clad in red lingerie, was reading aloud a book titled "The Black Princess".
Is that answer right?
This morning I had a bit of a disagreement with my wife. I didn't think it was a big deal, but seeing what she's like this evening I think I must have upset her.
Walking back from his house, I frantically searched through my memory.
"What happened to your nose?" "When I was backing my car up I went to check behind me, convinced that the car window was open, and bashed my face into it!"
I can't stand that noise.
I can't imagine going out in this weather.
I can't do any more than this.
I can't put up with her any longer.
I can't agree with you on that point.
I can't stand that kind of politician.
I can't understand this at all.
I can't understand what you said at all.
What you said makes absolutely no sense to me.
The net-cafes here cater to students; fees start at around a pound an hour.
This financial audit also includes an evaluation of the company's assets.
I don't like the look of the weather today. I'm worried the hanami party might be cancelled.
The woman downed the gin and lime that was served in one swallow.
She simply wept a river of tears before her father's grave.
I must needs do him that justice to declare, that I never observed in him but an abhorrence to all base things.
I must needs do this work today.
I arrived just in time for the plane.
Demand for occupational therapy has surged in recent years.
I was kept waiting nearly half an hour.
My eyes are blue.
My room is on the fourth floor.
Prepare yourself for the future.
Is it possible that King Albert has a secret relationship with Princess Diana? I don't believe so. He's too fat.
You look ill. Are you?
You hit for points!
His legs are long.
Chris nimbly dodged the attack!
Select action for Chris.
Chris swung his sword!
Chris defeated the vampire knight!
Chris gets gold coins!
He's a weak-willed man.
Two new species of pancake batfishes have been found in the area affected by the BP oil spill.
What kind of food do you have?
We have pilaf, lo mein, and kebabs in our restaurant.
Let me cut the carrots.
The doctor advised him to cut back on drinking.
The doctor advised him to cut down on drinking.
Can an omnipotent God create a stone so heavy that even He may not lift it?
On the whole human beings want to be good, but not too good and not quite all the time.
A Mr. So and So came today.
A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush.
Are you an Uighur?
"My mother's American, and my father is Uighur." "Really?" "No! I was joking!"
There's no beer here.
Let me go to the store.
What should I buy?
Please wait a bit.
Better a small fish than an empty dish.
"Hippopotomonstrosesquipedaliophobia is quite a long word, isn't it?" "Yes, but do you know what it means?" "Actually, I don't." "It means fear of long words." "How ironic."
Good wine needs no bush.
Stuff today and starve tomorrow.
One swallow does not make a spring.
A new broom sweeps clean.
A man with a full belly thinks no one is hungry.
I'll go on living without you.
It's you I've come for.
I almost stepped on a skunk last night.
Net profit for the period is estimated at billion yen, largely unchanged from the previous one.
Net profit for the last three months is a new record high!
They went to the station by car.
My little sister and I used to play tag a lot. We would chase each other, and the one chasing would try to tag the one being chased and yell: "You're it!"
After dinner comes the reckoning.
It's hot.
Neither fish nor fowl.
You've traded bad for worse.
Let well alone.
Woman in a wheelchair holes up in supermarket.
A great ship asks deep waters.
Your efforts should be appreciated.
I don't like Alice.
Aaron killed Elizabeth.
Abbott killed Mary.
Alister killed Barbara.
It was Alister who killed Barbara.
It was Barbara who Elister killed.
Barbara was killed by Alister.
Chris didn't have a car to drive.
She was named Alice after her aunt.
Could you take me to a hospital, please?
Betty is a serial killer.
I have always kept my promises.
George seems to be a good boy.
Elizabeth killed Alister in cold blood.
Aaron was coldly killed by Mary.
This morning at the station, her attention was caught by a poster with bold letters.
Betty killed Jane while she was singing.
Reading is prohibited in this library.
Our chef is very busy today.
I'm not an Uighur. I'm a Russian.
Disney strip-mines the world's fairy tales for ideas and then sues people for intellectual property infringement.
When will we reach the airport?
I fell ill last year.
Ken didn't have the nerve to try it again.
Ken didn't have the courage to try it again.
Who is taller, Ken or Taro?
Ken lit the candles.
Mary helped her mother cook.
That desk is too small for Meg.
When it comes to disco dancing, I'm no match for Susan.
Tom made some mistakes on the test.
Today I discovered that there's a movie called "The Russians are coming! The Russians are coming!"
If God doesn't exist in our world, then I will create God with my own hands.
I'm setting off tonight.
He doesn't have any children.
Long time, no see. I hear that you've changed your job again.
He who lives by the sword shall die by the sword.
As Jesus passed along the Sea of Galilee, he saw Simon and his brother Andrew casting a net into the lake.
Is it possible to pass the tax accountant exam by self study?
I have two older sisters.
I'm at the LSM to present the Tatoeba project.
Charles I of England was executed by guillotine.
George is captain of our team.
It ain't like before, you know.
I'm at the Libre Software Meeting to present the Tatoeba project.
It seemed the quarrel would finally be talked out, when Mark added fuel to the fire by bringing up the question of who was guilty.
He knows the area like the back of his hand.
He's making a mountain out of a molehill. That typo really isn't as bad as he claims.
They promise us the moon, but I suspect we can wait for the fulfillment of those promises till hell freezes over.
Something really should be done about the problem, but this is cracking a nut with a sledgehammer.
When you want to say "I promise", if you say "koko ni chikaimasu" you'll sound more like a native.
Suddenly the eldest daughter spoke up, saying, "I want candy."
The rain fell soundlessly upon the jungle.
It takes eight hours to fly from Zurich to Boston, but only six for the return trip.
Damn, this ice cream is really good!
Where is Hakata station located?
He disguised himself as a peasant and infiltrated the walled city.
Charles the First of England was guillotined.
Shouldn't we make our fields - our entire life - an immense work of art in four dimensions?
We talked about what we could do.
I can't stand this noise.
The patient is getting worse from one day to the next.
It's cold there even in the summer.
My opinion is completely different from yours.
I know her.
Kim is dressed in a very attractive manner.
Kim is dressed very attractively.
All the passengers were killed in the crash.
Bill was killed by a burglar.
Betty is a dance teacher.
Betty came last.
The president proposed a new plan.
Hey, Mimi! How's it going?
Would King Albert have an affair with Princess Diana? I think not. He's too fat.
I may not always be free on Sundays.
You must avoid making those kinds of mistakes.
Let's meet this afternoon.
She's not admitting her mistake.
She ironed her shirt.
Iceland belonged to Denmark.
Bill, give me a call tonight.
I'm a new student.
He's always dissatisfied.
I heard him speak fluent English.
He'll be there in ten minutes.
Laughter is the only cure against vanity, and vanity is the only laughable fault.
Skiing is very fun.
One must act as a man of thought and think as a man of action.
If you take a single piece of the cake, I'll give you hell.
Actually, I'd also like to go.
She went to college to learn English.
They got married when they were still young.
I've known her since I was little.
He lost his sight in the accident.
Yumi speaks very good English.
My father encouraged me to learn how to play the piano.
I missed the plane. Could I take the next one?
She leaned on his shoulder.
She should have bought a used car.
She takes care of many elderly people.
When do you get up?
In the summer, we're used to going swimming in the river.
Except for me, there wasn't a single person there.
What do you want to do while you're here?
"How long will the meeting go for?" "Two hours."
The train is going at a speed of miles per hour.
She's only two years old, but she can already count to 100.
Bill and his younger brother are nothing alike.
The Shinano River is longer than any river in Japan.
Red and blue - which one do you like?
You like it?
"Would you please call me a taxi?" "OK, you're a taxi."
Prehistoric men were skilled in knapping.
Japanese education is sometimes said to employ the drill and kill method.
Hah, your 'forbidden magics' aren't going to work with me!
I should have exiled myself to the summit of a mountain and spent my days growing bonsais and writing kanji in black ink.
The money was stolen along with the bonds.
She said: "I'm very happy."
In the year 2000, the French health system had been selected by the WHO as the best performing in terms of dispensing and organizing healthcare.
What are we, indeed, what is our character, if not the concentration of the things which we have lived since our birth.
Have you ever heard about Hollywood accounting?
I personally believe that U.S. Americans are unable to do so because, uh, some people out there in our nation don't have maps and, uh, I believe that our, uh, education like such as in South Africa and, uh, the Iraq, everywhere like such as, and, I believe that they should, our education over here in the U.S. should help the U.S., uh, or, uh, should help South Africa and should help the Iraq and the Asian countries, so we will be able to build up our future, for our children.
Life's meaning has always eluded me and I guess it always will. But I love it just the same.
Humor can be dissected, as a frog can, but the thing dies in the process and the innards are discouraging to any but the pure scientific mind.
I would feel more optimistic about a bright future for man if he spent less time proving that he can outwit Nature and more time tasting her sweetness and respecting her seniority.
When I get sick of what men do, I have only to walk a few steps in another direction to see what spiders do. Or what the weather does. This sustains me very well indeed.
He loves her hair, her smile, her eyes? Wow, he is fucking good at telling lies!
Beautiful, intelligent and hot - this describes what he is not.
Hard work never killed anyone. But why take the risk?!
Please don't get mad, sir! I'm a new worker!
My father is a hard-working, straightforward, and modest person.
How do people manage to sleep on the plane?
Are there taxis around here?
What time do you go to work?
If there's a big earthquake, the house could really collapse!
Just as if it were my tail, wherever I go, it goes too.
We often play chess.
Ostriches can't fly.
Don't crack a nut with a sledgehammer.
Mary killed Abbott.
Mosquitoes in Minnesota are as big as storks.
I shall never follow links posted by Muiriel again.
Muiriel is an Indian.
This sentence isn't written clearly.
He returned from the office.
Conspicuous consumption of valuable goods is a means of reputability to the gentleman of leisure.
The superior gratification derived from the use and contemplation of costly and supposedly beautiful products is, commonly, in great measure a gratification of our sense of costliness masquerading under the name of beauty.
The walking stick serves the purpose of an advertisement that the bearer's hands are employed otherwise than in useful effort, and it therefore has utility as an evidence of leisure.
The outcome of any serious research can only be to make two questions grow where only one grew before.
You know everybody is ignorant, only on different subjects.
Heroing is one of the shortest-lived professions there is.
You can't say that civilization doesn't advance, however, for in every war they kill you in a new way.
Half our life is spent trying to find something to do with the time we have rushed through life trying to save.
We are the first nation to starve to death in a storehouse that's overfilled with everything we want.
There is one rule that works in every calamity. Be it pestilence, war, or famine, the rich get richer and poor get poorer. The poor even help arrange it.
The only time people dislike gossip is when you gossip about them.
Personally, I have always felt the best doctor in the world is the veterinarian. He can't ask his patients what is the matter — he's got to just know.
An ignorant person is one who doesn't know what you have just found out.
We are here just for a spell and then pass on. So get a few laughs and do the best you can. Live your life so that whenever you lose it, you are ahead.
Buy land. They ain't making any more of the stuff.
Advertising is the art of convincing people to spend money they don't have for something they don't need.
Everything is funny as long as it is happening to somebody else.
Never miss a good chance to shut up.
If you find yourself in a hole, stop digging.
Put your hand down.
It was the sort of weird car that made me want to blurt out, "what the heck is that?"
People that don't think Latin is the most beautiful language understand nothing.
Demetrius is slandering me!
There is in all barbarian communities a profound sense of the disparity between man's and woman's work.
Such employments as warfare, politics, public worship, and public merrymaking, are felt, in the popular apprehension, to differ intrinsically from the labour that has to do with elaborating the material means of life.
The sexes differ, not only in stature and muscular force, but perhaps even more decisively in temperament, and this must early have given rise to a corresponding division of labour.
The earliest form of ownership is an ownership of the women by the able bodied men of the community.
The ownership of women begins in the lower barbarian stages of culture, apparently with the seizure of female captives. The original reason for the seizure and appropriation of women seems to have been their usefulness as trophies.
You can come in.
Fuck you all to hell!
Only individuals with an aberrant temperament can in the long run retain their self-esteem in the face of the disesteem of their fellows.
Switzerland hardened its immigration policy.
Many a gentleman of the old school has been provoked to remark regretfully upon the under-bred manners and bearing of even the better classes in the modern industrial communities; and the decay of the ceremonial code—or as it is otherwise called, the vulgarisation of life—among the industrial classes proper has become one of the chief enormities of latter-day civilisation in the eyes of all persons of delicate sensibilities.
Manners maketh man.
When I braced myself and said, "I'm pregnant" he said "Are you saying it's mine?"
Even so, you are a human.
A base service performed for a person of very high degree may become a very honorific office; as for instance the office of a Maid of Honor or of a Lady in Waiting to the Queen, or the King's Master of the Horse or his Keeper of the Hounds.
The members of each stratum accept as their ideal of decency the scheme of life in vogue in the next higher stratum, and bend their energies to live up to that ideal.
The thief or swindler who has gained great wealth by his delinquency has a better chance than the small thief of escaping the rigorous penalty of the law.
All's clear, Boss!
The Law is harsh, but it is the Law.
The Netherlands have won the World Cup.
The young woman slapped the man who pinched her buttocks.
It was obvious that they had lied.
One in ten people have myopia.
Don't talk with your mouth full.
The university that we attend usually begins its classes on the first of April.
As the date didn't work for the section chief, it was necessary to completely reorganize the drinking party.
The tree was ready to fall at any moment.
The German team lost and now I am sad.
The Internet, cell phones, or digitization... What effects will the technological evolution have on people's opinions, behavior, and political interests?
A job that you don't love is... a job.
It will snow tomorrow.
Investigate thoroughly the bushes where the enemy may be hiding.
Don't let your emotions rule you. Be calm!
They say everything's bigger in Texas, and that includes absurdity in law enforcement.
Gimme a look-see.
Let me have a look.
He always says, "only kidding!" at the end.
I must find it.
Hold it, are you kidding me? Why'd we wanna go to such a remote location?
The government is currently broadening the interpretation of article of the Constitution by wearying it down little by little.
I lost a school key when I was cleaning up after the school festival and I was then required to write an apology letter.
Great as is the sensuous beauty of gems, their rarity and price adds an expression of distinction to them, which they would never have if they were cheap.
The close-cropped lawn is beautiful in the eyes of a people whose inherited bent it is to readily find pleasure in contemplating a well-preserved pasture or grazing land.
A cheap coat makes a cheap man.
If you carelessly ask, "Got a boyfriend?" she'll be put on her guard and say, "Why do you ask?"
Foxes are wild animals.
When seen in the perspective of half-a-dozen years or more, the best of our fashions strike us as grotesque, if not unsightly.
There are no clouds in the sky.
It's completely visible.
These are my CDs.
I took him to the most expensive restaurant on campus.
Never trust a woman with a pistol in hand.
There she is!
Take me to your leader.
They live in a good environment.
I've used up three notebooks.
That didn't do them any good.
With great power comes great responsibility.
Last night Mizuki, very drunk, fell into the water while walking along the lakeside.
I knew her the instant I saw her.
Only 2.percent of the music albums released in sold 5,copies or more.
We don't have enough time.
Is that clear?
It's in good hands.
I'll never come back.
He's a wonderful educator.
Our school's principal is very old.
He is good-natured.
That was a lie.
An enemy of an enemy is a friend.
Will the police come?
There's no one sitting here.
There's not very many customers today.
I can't find the knife.
Do you want pepper on it?
He returned from the workshop.
No song, no supper.
"A fish out of water" is a metaphor for being unable to use your talents due to a change of environment.
Every non-trivial program has at least one bug.
It's not a bug, it's an undocumented feature.
Jack was born on August the tenth.
Those are my CD's.
I will start working on July the first.
The problems that exist in the world today cannot be solved by the level of thinking that created them.
There is no document of civilization which is not at the same time a document of barbarism.
The enemy approaches the town.
The enemy can't close in on us so they can't do anything.
We can't get close to the enemy.
We won't approach the enemy.
Better to die standing than to live on your knees.
Don't let the enemy get close.
The enemy can't get close.
The enemy won't get close.
Knock when going to the bathroom, OK?
I'm sitting on the sofa.
Let's wash our hands when leaving the toilet!
John is good at maths.
I've heard that Robert is ill.
Betty has a previous conviction for theft.
The soul is the prison of the body.
The aim of jazz is the mechanical reproduction of a regressive moment, a castration symbolism. 'Give up your masculinity, let yourself be castrated,' the eunuchlike sound of the jazz band both mocks and proclaims, 'and you will be rewarded, accepted into a fraternity which shares the mystery of impotence with you, a mystery revealed at the moment of the initiation rite.
The gesture of adolescence, which raves for this or that on one day with the ever-present possibility of damning it as idiocy on the next, is now socialized.
Justice without mercy is cruelty; mercy without justice is the mother of dissolution.
The sad truth is that most evil is done by people who never make up their minds to be good or evil.
Man cannot be free if he does not know that he is subject to necessity, because his freedom is always won in his never wholly successful attempts to liberate himself from necessity.
What makes it so plausible to assume that hypocrisy is the vice of vices is that integrity can indeed exist under the cover of all other vices except this one. Only crime and the criminal, it is true, confront us with the perplexity of radical evil; but only the hypocrite is really rotten to the core.
Political questions are far too serious to be left to the politicians.
The most radical revolutionary will become a conservative the day after the revolution.
The cultural treasures of the past, believed to be dead, are being made to speak, in the course of which it turns out that they propose things altogether different than what had been thought.
Being quiet here is not allowed.
It wasn't real love.
The food's not ready yet.
Pay attention!
Double-click on the icon.
Double-click the icon.
My software never has bugs. It just has random features.
This is a Chinese fan.
The die has been cast.
There's nothing that ruins life as much as premature ejaculation.
Having climbed all the way to the shrine, I decided to dedicate a votive horse tablet.
That was all Greek to me.
That was double-dutch to me.
Good night!
The doorbell rang.
If he calls, tell him I will get in touch with him later.
Long long ago in India, a monkey, a fox, and a rabbit lived happily together.
This week I used my hanko so often that I can't remember how many times I've used it.
I'm a nomad for life.
He may miss his train.
It's not an easy thing to meet your maker.
I don't know the details.
I got a makeup-induced rash.
He's really angry.
No one can stop me from going there.
I want to leave this difficult job to her.
I'm unemployed.
He likes finding faults in others.
A good word may split open a rock, but a bad word - a head.
It's a lie we don't believe any more.
This is totally worthless.
I would like you to understand.
He left his parents when he was eight years old.
A wonder lasts but nine days, and then the puppy's eyes are open.
The new trendy way to drink vodka is to pour it directly into your eye socket. However, doing so could seriously damage your vision.
The Bharatiya Janata Party is an organization.
A writing system is a type of coding system.
Clever programming requires a computer.
A parliamentarian is a type of expert.
AI means Artificial Intelligence.
I remember having seen her somewhere.
I remember having seen her some place.
Nancy seems tired.
I don't care a fig about it!
A white cloud floats in the blue sky.
Seeing a white lilly is splendid.
He became world famous.
He became famous throughout the world.
He seems to be a student.
He gave me money and advice.
It'd be better to avoid her now, because she's violent.
I only want what's best for everyone.
What would you like to do today?
How many of you will there be?
Did you want to invite Mary, as well?
I can't get you a reservation just then; is later OK?
I've got you down for six o'clock.
I don't think that will give you enough time to get there.
Bananas are a kind of fruit.
Mary might be able to make it if we go half an hour later.
He's a very talented man.
We know this song.
There is nothing more comforting than to be given a little kindness while travelling.
One can't live without water.
Because of the rain, we weren't able to play tennis outside.
The rain stopped us from being able to play tennis outside.
He finished drinking one beer and ordered another.
I'm addicted to translating sentences from French into English on Tatoeba, and Spanish is tempting me sorely.
An elderly person was resting under a tree.
I'm in good health.
You should phone your mother as soon as you can.
Travelling is a luxury I can't allow myself.
There were only six people at the meeting.
What is the population of France?
Who were the members of The Beatles?
What countries border on Slovenia?
How did dinner go yesterday?
Did Jane have fun at the concert last night?
This book belongs to Tony.
When did you start learning German?
What's the word for that in Māori?
He doesn't speak English, and even less French.
I threw up.
It rained a lot last year.
Let's order twenty kebabs!
My father isn't really in favour of our marriage, because John still hasn't got a job.
As you order!
I need to go home a little early today.
We need fire.
We have a really good cook.
Can I come in?
Madonna is able to sing.
There are a million people in Auckland.
Auckland is a city in New Zealand.
Who's working tonight?
Batman is, above all else, a superhero.
Batman is friends with Robin.
The Caped Crusader is friends with Robin, the boy Wonder.
There's a lot of stuff in our lo mein.
Do you eat meat?
Man cannot live without air.
People can't live without air.
Our pilaf is four yuan.
Where's the cook?
You must have been surprised to find me alone with her yesterday.
You can use my office, if you like.
Taking a round-trip is longer than a direct route.
Is a thousand yen enough?
I often have nightmares.
You're my best friend.
The Communist Party is the vanguard of the working class.
What precisely does that mean?
I think a film is more interesting than any book.
There's a lot to see in Paris.
Oh, you were at the hairdresser's.
A trip by boat takes longer than by car.
These are the people who live next door.
The watch doesn't work.
She let him drive on his own.
Since this morning I've read three books.
He has a foreign car.
Please reply.
He's in Tokyo.
There was a church here once.
He is the only American to have swum the English Channel.
The plane accident cost the lives of people.
It's annoying when people make out at work.
Who is it?
I haven't the time to read.
Children enjoying making a splash in water as they come off a waterslide.
What time is it?
Auckland has a population of a million.
Hi, how's it going?
I love to eat chocolate, as it is my favorite food.
He is not a physician.
She is not a physician.
Her anger is understandable.
Perhaps he will never be famous.
Are the passengers all aboard?
My knife is broken.
He was too old to swim.
I go swimming once a week.
Good luck!
He often plays guitar.
This was built since long ago.
If Smith leaves the school, who will take charge of our class?
I was just about to go out when the phone rang.
Let's wait for another minutes.
She has good style, so she looks good in anything she wears.
It's better if I drove you all the way home.
That student's studying sociology.
Can you see that mountain with the snow-covered peak?
The patient is on a steady road to recovery.
But I think it's better if you took a day off.
I cannot trust a person like that.
World War Two broke out in 1939.
When I forgot my promise, he got really angry.
It was him as told me what to do. "Dye your hair, Jack," he says; "it's what I've had to myself," he says. "They won't have old men nowadays, at no price."
They caught foxes with traps.
When did you meet her?
Make sure you take this medicine before sleeping.
The fundamental principles of classical mechanics were laid down by Galileo and Newton in the 16th and 17th centuries.
It's fucking hot.
The rat's here! Go call the cat!
The fire burned down ten houses.
Tom's at the door. Please ask him to come in.
Please don't speak too quickly.
There is no question about it.
I've just picked up a fault in the line.
You didn't have to come so early.
I just posted a great picture of wombats on Flickr.
Your friend Albert just posted a picture of you at last night's party.
Would you like to see it now?
Just a moment ...
I just learned six new facts about wombats.
I just learned something new about David Cameron.
He's photogenic.
The pilaf with meat is eight yuan. The vegetarian pilaf is only four yuan.
Are you new?
A cloud is a mass of vapor.
Don't be late to school again.
How are you doing today?
You didn't have to cum so early.
You didn't have to get off so early.
He was in France.
The road is jammed with cars.
I start.
I celebrated Bastille day with a baguette, Roquefort and a glass of mediocre French red.
For the love of God, be kind to him.
I have abdominal gas.
Everything that is too stupid to say, is sung.
I do the shopping every morning.
I go grocery shopping every morning.
I shop for groceries every morning.
You will never beat me, you hear? Never!
He was promoted to colonel two years ago.
He tends to get upset over nothing.
I need it as quickly as possible.
We're going home.
I've got a 38.degree fever.
We want peace in the world.
I had repaired my watch.
I had had my watch repaired, but it broke again.
I did see it once though, and it was great!
Everything too stupid to say is sung.
Every apple is red.
Apples are red.
The telephone was invented by Bell in 1876.
I can't stand it that she's suffering so.
They started using that house as a squat.
He's got an uncle who works in a bank.
Our teacher told us that water boiled at degrees centigrade.
He said: "Leave me alone!"
He said: "Leave me in peace!"
There are no exceptions to this rule.
There were two cakes.
With this train you'll go twice as fast.
Is it really possible to predict an earthquake?
Please wait a moment.
Stop maize monoculture, and reestablish multiple cropping, to combat the loss of landscape and soil diversity.
A regional observatory will be directed to monitor the execution of the plan.
Our country is lagging behind.
Biodiversity continues to decline each year.
Your name, please.
We must stop urban sprawl and fight against physical segregation while still guaranteeing the right to housing.
Every morning, she helps her mother make breakfast in the kitchen.
He asked me whether I was busy.
We have little time to deal with the issues of climate, energy and biodiversity.
We don't have a mechanism for sustained funding.
Let us support participatory practices.
I'm surprised how inattentive I can be.
Apples are red or green.
If something is an apple, then it's either red or green, or possibly both.
We will implement a reconsidered North-South cooperation mechanism.
Make solidarity and equal rights the cornerstone of public policy.
Be quiet!
You came alone today?
Our food is cheap.
May I eat this hamburger?
Everyone agreed with this idea.
Everyone laughed at this mistake.
This bread is delicious.
This beer is bitter.
Nancy had never seen a giant panda.
The radio had warned us that there was a risk of flooding.
You're not allowed to smoke in this room.
Our restaurant is near the southern bus station.
The meeting will take place no matter what the weather is like.
The active volcano erupts at regular intervals.
Have you been to France before?
This is my office.
This train stops at all stations.
Do you have paper?
The French were defeated at Waterloo.
I'd like to send this postcard to Japan.
They have decided to put aside old wounds.
What do you know about him?
He speaks Chinese fluently.
In my opinion, he's right.
I was curious to know why people had been staring at me.
How long would a train from Shanghai to Zhengzhou take?
How long does it take to get to the airport with the airport bus?
How long does it take to get to the airport on the airport bus?
Magda is going to marry a Spaniard.
If you bite me, I'll bite back.
Freedom is the essence of mathematics.
Bob had had many dangerous adventures during the war.
When I look of this photo I remember my family.
Here's a restaurant I eat at a lot.
Here's a restaurant I often eat at.
He never loses hope.
It's unsurprising that Yoko would have said something like that.
She gave a cat some milk.
Twenty people died in a fire.
It's easy to cut cheese with a knife.
Everyone wants to know you; you're famous.
Switzerland is a very beautiful country and well worth visiting.
You had been smoking, hadn't you?
There's a yellow rose.
It is sweet and noble to die for one's country.
He bought me a new dictionary.
Will you sell me your house?
Yesterday, I bought a red car.
My father doesn't like soccer.
How does one pronounce your first name?
I think he's right.
Tom ended up stopping smoking.
The station is located between these two towns.
We hadn't credited this report.
The train is ten minutes late today.
It snowed for four days.
I've got three times more money as you.
He is American to the soles of his feet.
He's American through and through.
You can't tell these twins apart.
One swallow does not a spring make.
I'm proud to be working on this project.
He's certain to succeed.
We're quite insignificant, but awesome nevertheless.
My name is Hashimoto.
He's big and strong.
John stayed in bed all day and didn't go to work.
Due to illness, he had to give up smoking.
I'm in a swimming club.
It is forbidden to read books in this bookshop.
I'm a little old fashioned, you know.
He apologised to us for being late.
Words cannot express the extent to which you are wrong.
And thus fades the glory of the world.
Thus passes the glory of the world.
I wasn't aware.
What do you like most - apples or bananas?
Was his story true?
Was her story true?
What horrible weather.
He doesn't seem to be a very intelligent boy.
His lecture started on time.
Mother is in bed. She caught a cold.
Waiting a long time for a friend makes me nervous.
Don't do to others that which you would not wish done to yourself.
She eats lunch here from time to time.
Everyone likes her.
The phone rang for a long time.
Don't go out, as it's raining.
Our son died during the war.
I can give you an autograph if you want.
Let's order twenty shish kebabs!
Thus spoke Zarathustra.
Are you from Urumqi?
To be continued.
Learn Uyghur!
Longfin Batfish, or Platax Teira, have recently been seen near Hawaii.
Over the last hundred years, there have been twenty-seven recorded deaths from spider bites in Australia.
Fried spiders are a regional delicacy in Cambodia.
The aeroplane to Dunedin left the aerodrome promptly at eight in the morning.
This book is the literary equivalent of Haribo sweets: you only want to eat one, but end up devouring the whole packet.
Who's going to clean up tonight?
My aunt brought me flowers.
MySQL loads several tables.
Are all the passengers aboard?
I like spoons.
Listen to the following exchange between colleagues!
Linguistic resources are far more valuable if they are unencumbered by share-alike or viral licences.
Give me the spoon.
Please forgive me for not having written to you earlier.
He averted his gaze.
He looked away.
He was unsure what he would be, and whether.
I'm sorry, but I didn't receive any milk at my house today.
Cancer is a great enemy of mankind.
They say that beet juice can lower blood pressure.
Do you have anything to say regarding this?
This morning, I went to a fish selling counter and the flying fish was very fresh and also on sale.
He has three wires.
He has three sons.
You're right. The noodle broth here is a bit expensive.
Virtually all sources of commercial peanut butter in the United States contain minute quantities of aflatoxin.
At the bottom of the letter he wrote "Kind regards," then signed his name.
I use Firefox.
I do a training at Ford.
What sort of play is it?
She is dead.
I'm only thinking of you.
I can't care anymore.
The inventory is full.
This table is clean.
I need more gold.
I want my money back.
It may not be clean, but you won't get sick from eating it.
I'm going away.
What's going on in this town?
Nothing special happened.
Is this real?
She's famous as a singer but not as a poet.
Fish do not have the brain development that is necessary for the psychological experience of pain or any other type of awareness.
This is Cao Cao's trickery.
Cut the potatoes.
Our restaurant is better than that restaurant.
But I don't know how to cook kebabs!
I'm sorry, we're all out of manti.
We're also out of eggs.
Our restaurant is the best.
Will you come back tomorrow?
How many books does he have?
She came to Tokyo at the age of 18.
She came to Tokyo when she was 18.
Just do it.
He immediately sought a response.
Stop bugging me. I'm busy.
I'm bored.
I can't wait for the weekend to begin.
Would you like anything to drink?
You can't have your cake and eat it.
Let them have a taste of their own medicine.
He was dealt a deadly blow.
Gentlemen, start your engines.
No matter how much it costs.
He attended the meeting as the company representative.
When a sentence is not owned by anyone, like this one, you can correct it yourself.
He's feeling really low.
Have you ever been to Kyoto?
I'm a little taller than you.
Latin is the language of the future!
I am going to miss you.
John played the guitar and his friends sang.
If you love me, love my dog, too.
I've already seen the film.
He who risks nothing, gains nothing.
A good start is half the work.
Better than nothing.
The patient lies in bed.
What the hell are you doing?
Hours pass, and she's counting the minutes.
I hear you've got a new girlfriend.
I'm very happy to see you.
Don't be that worried.
Your problems don't concern me.
We're not afraid of any difficulties.
I was a teacher.
I guess the dog bites.
I doubt that I'm a good writer.
Someone named Henry said he wants to meet with you.
The cake is tasty.
Those who are about to die salute you.
To err is human.
Woe to the vanquished!
Woe to the conquered!
Go back, Satan!
Faster, higher, stronger!
To be or not to be, that is the question.
Let there be light!
Mr Smith studied Chinese history.
If you wish for peace, prepare for war.
Agreements must be kept.
Bread and games.
Even if all others do, I will not.
Thus always to tyrants!
Oh the times! Oh the customs!
Without anger and fondness.
Truth is in wine.
A sound mind in a sound body.
Rumor flies.
They did not know it was impossible, so they did it.
Forgive them, for they know not what they do.
Forgive me, for I have sinned.
Let him who is without sin cast the first stone.
The sciatic nerve is the longest nerve in the human body.
She has green eyes and light brown hair.
There are twelve pairs of cranial nerves.
By the time you came back, I'd already left.
Zailaiba Bar is hiring waiters; are you interested?
He attended the meeting as our company representative.
The food looks very delicious.
He's very smart, and he's handsome too.
Tom walks very slowly.
This politician is a typical champagne socialist.
I don't want something like this to happen.
Be it black or white, a cat that catches mice is a good cat!
How can I get to the train station?
The weather today is great, as it will be tomorrow.
He will be a good husband to my sister.
Due to the worsening weather, the departure was delayed.
Where's your date tonight?
She's a stubborn girl.
Like me, Lucy has many friends.
There's an apple in this boy's pocket.
How much does this cost?
Out of the members, a third are women.
She turned down the subsidy that I offered.
Could you call me back later?
I saw the hill.
I wish to become a dentist in future.
I can't take his behaviour.
Please fill in using block letters.
He's an excellent tennis player.
My wife asked me to throw this old hat away.
Please affix the address label here.
I'm never angry without reason.
For all his efforts, he failed the exam.
We need to study the cause and effect of the accident closely.
No, thanks.
He's staying at his aunt's.
The radioactive cloud stopped at the border.
Why did you buy such an expensive dictionary?
Why did you get such a costly dictionary?
I haven't got a clue as to why he quit so suddenly.
I'll probably be gone before you get back.
Mayuko can't stand living alone.
This book is difficult to read as it is written in French.
He wrote a book about jungle adventures.
Your memory is good.
The refrigerator prevents food from going bad.
After all, this is a guy that tried to kill my dad at one time.
Our house is burning and we look elsewhere.
I am the master of my fate; I am the captain of my soul.
I guess we wouldn't have been able to carry out the plan if it weren't for your help.
Mr Gorbachev, tear down this wall!
I made use of this good opportunity.
Please let me take a day off tomorrow.
Solve this problem on your own.
Seems like I'm the third wheel here. I should go.
I am a Roman citizen.
Seems like I'm just playing gooseberry here. I should go.
We brought him his son's completely bloodstained garment.
If you want to go with them, you must hurry.
I'm always busy these days.
My plan is not socialist.
Beyond the Right's populism and the dispersion of the Left which have made this situation possible, I take full responsibility for this defeat and draw the necessary conclusions by retiring from political life after the end of the presidential election.
The delivery of the goods was delayed due to the storm.
Why didn't you say so earlier?
The situation left him perplexed.
It was much worse than we initially thought.
When anyone tries to explain the inexplicable, he is getting ready to excuse the inexcusable.
Give the book to the guy who wants it.
We haven't come so as to be told off.
Yuri Andropov was elected Chairman of the Presidium of the Supreme Soviet on June 16, 1983.
Irina has a delicate face with high cheekbones.
There are so many mistakes in this book that the teacher has dubbed it "The Drunkard's Edition".
You can't have your cake and eat it, too.
Where is the Tokyo patent office?
It was very dark.
Since I don't have the software to open the attached file, I can't open it. Please send it again in another format.
When I entered the coffee shop, two young men were watching a wrestling match on television.
I think you are a really nice person.
This is my favorite project.
I can add many sentences in different languages.
My mother is knitting me a new sweater.
Let's contribute to this project.
Yesterday I met one of the most popular actors in the world.
What would you do if you met a person from another planet?
A punch is just a punch. A kick is just a kick.
A little louder, please.
What did you say?
What did you say? Could you please say it again?
Make it larger.
God exists.
It's impossible.
I understand.
I got it.
I'll do it.
Hurry up! We'll be late.
Come on, guys, let's hurry.
I quickly ate lunch.
I ate lunch in a hurry.
That's right!
Go away.
Of course.
Make it smaller.
Could you turn it down?
What're you saying?
Wash your face and hands.
Do you like it?
Don't move.
You understand, don't you?
Excuse me.
This is surprising.
Wonderful!
Fantastic!
Awesome!
Come again any time.
What will you use it for?
For what purpose?
It's dangerous!
Go away!
It's business.
It's work.
It's my job.
It doesn't matter to me.
Get down on the floor!
Try as hard as you can.
Try to do it to the best of your abilities.
I'll take care of it.
I think I'm right.
Cool down and think it over again.
I'll give you five dollars.
This is true.
Please leave right away.
It would be great if that were true.
I will lead you to further victories.
Never in the field of human conflict was so much owed by so many to so few.
Yes, I know it.
The soup is too salty.
Say it clearly.
Try it once more.
Try it again.
Please say it once more.
Could you please repeat what you just said?
Could you please repeat it once again?
Would you mind saying that once more?
I'm a person.
I'm a human.
You're a person.
Eternity is very long especially at the end.
What's the name of this tune?
Behold the Man.
Eternity can be described by many terms such as forever and forever and forever and ...
I've run out of money.
I have no money.
I don't have any money.
Were you shot?
Have you been shot?
I have nothing to offer but blood, toil, tears, and sweat.
Look behind you.
That's too bad.
But it does move!
Please allow me to go.
Please let me go.
I know not with what weapons World War III will be fought, but World War IV will be fought with sticks and stones.
They shall not pass.
What I'm saying is true.
I'm telling you the truth.
Socialism or barbarism.
Answer my questions.
I said that.
I'm wishing for that.
I'm hoping that will happen.
I've seen that.
I can't do it either.
Allow me to go.
Don't touch it.
Don't touch these.
Not only is there no God, but try getting a plumber on weekends.
Capitalism is the exploitation of man by man. Communism is the exact opposite.
I will never tell!
It's a nice day.
The skies are clear.
The sky is clear.
It's a clear day.
That's absolutely right.
That's one small step for man, one giant leap for mankind.
Don't get fat.
Do you have a fever?
I would never want to belong to any club that would have someone like me for a member.
Please don't ask.
Give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses yearning to breathe free.
I'm serious.
I made a mistake.
That's enough.
Dictatorship can be summed up by "shut up!", democracy by "keep talking".
We the People of the United States, in Order to form a more perfect Union, establish Justice, insure domestic Tranquility, provide for the common defence, promote the general Welfare, and secure the Blessings of Liberty to ourselves and our Posterity, do ordain and establish this Constitution for the United States of America.
Did you call?
It's about five miles.
It's lunch time.
It's time to eat lunch.
"Is it raining where you are?" "It's clear."
Come along with us.
Come with us.
Is that it?
Have I hit the nail on the head?
Take care of yourselves!
I was born into the Hebrew persuasion, but when I got older I converted to narcissism.
I hope that is not the case.
God is dead. And I don't feel so good either.
It's not a big deal. Don't worry about it.
Could you please move out of my way?
Has anything changed?
No part of the pig is wasted.
Oh! That's too bad.
Oh! I'm sorry to hear that.
Do I have to do it over again?
I'm completely exhausted.
I'm really tired.
Once again.
Of course!
I got sick from drinking too much.
Let me say one thing.
It's my CD, isn't it?
I'm a good-for-nothing bum.
Have there been any changes?
Don't worry about it.
Follow him.
It's my treat.
I think I can.
I can't stand this heat.
I'm OK.
The least you could do is to answer me.
There are no problems.
Pythagoras' theorem says that the square of the hypotenuse is equal to the sum of the squares of the other two sides.
Your manners aren't very good.
Yes, I have a good idea.
No drinkers allowed.
People who drink alcoholic beverages are not allowed to enter.
I'm very hungry.
I have something I want to say to you.
Let's return to the better Japan once more.
Yes. That's right.
It's a secret.
Unity, justice and freedom are the pledge of fortune.
MRI stands for Magnetic Resonance Imaging, whereas CT stands for Computed Tomography.
The hamstring muscles include the biceps femoris, the semitendinosus and the semimembranosus.
The largest muscle in the human body is the gluteus maximus.
Speak clearly.
How complex is it?
I've had enough.
I'm full.
My stomach's full.
Finally, it's Friday.
I told you to stop, didn't I?
OK. I agree.
You're kidding!
You're joking!
I think it's OK.
Hurry. Please lend me a hand.
Positron Emission Tomography uses a radioactive tracer to visualize metabolic activity within the human body.
What does not kill me, makes me stronger.
Don't you know then, my son, how little wisdom rules the world?
Those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat it.
Don't think that by insulting me you'll solve the fishermen's problems!
We all live under the same sky, but we don't all have the same horizon.
Lotteria introduced an extraordinary "Tower Cheeseburger" which can be made by stacking up to patties.
If they don't have bread, let them eat cake.
One must eat to live, and not live to eat.
Although I am a pious man, I am not the less a man.
Stop joking around.
You were given the choice between war and dishonor. You chose dishonor and you will have war.
Often does a woman change her heart, mad be the man who will trust her.
You were late, weren't you?
I didn't get what you wrote.
When you submit a quote, it's best to enter the author's name as a tag or, if you can't, in a comment.
Minors aren't allowed to enter.
Follow my white plume!
No minors allowed.
I'm very busy.
The surrounding area was very quiet.
The area was quiet.
He seems disappointed in his son.
The whole town knows of it.
You're really wonderful.
I'm sorry to interrupt you while you're talking.
I'm sorry to disturb you while you're talking.
I'll buy this.
Everyone in the town knows about it.
I didn't like him much, in fact I hated him.
I don't want to run the risk of losing it.
I think that why he killed his wife is a mystery.
It was he that broke the window yesterday.
I think you went too far.
When Chokichi thought listlessly about this winter, and the similar winter before and the one before that, he vividly experienced the fact that as people grow older, they gradually lose their happiness.
Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic.
In the name of God, The most Gracious, The most Merciful.
Lao Gan Ma and I have a love-hate relationship.
"Blood and Sand" is the title of a novel by Blasco Ináñez.
"Open your mouth" said the dentist.
Thirty days has September, April, June and November.
Euros for a scarf? Don't you have anything cheaper?
A cake was frosted.
A few of the balls are yellow.
A glass of sparkling water, please.
A return ticket to Leon, please.
A room for two with bath, please.
A small portion of ham, please, and a draught beer.
A snowstorm is coming in.
A thick mist covered the countryside.
A travel agent will arrange an excursion to Andalusia for you.
I've lost about cents.
About what?
According to the weather forecast it is going to snow tomorrow.
Actually, the soup was too salty.
Admission is free for children.
Adjust the brakes.
After four hours in the museum we're tired.
After six games, Sampras had the edge on his opponent.
After so many visits, we want to rest a little.
All countries have their embassies in the capital.
All my love, John.
All of the balls are yellow.
All of the children are sitting.
All of the flowers are paper.
All of the toys are wooden.
All roads lead to Rome.
All the children in this class are very polite.
All this is for my personal use.
Almost everyone arrived on time.
Although he's young, he has a grey beard.
Although we don't have much money, I want to buy this painting.
Always count your change.
Am I going in the right direction?
Am I pregnant?
My grandfather has an antique television that he wants to give me.
An envelope and a stamp, please.
An ice storm is coming in.
In Paris, I stayed at an inexpensive hotel.
And afterward?
And now, what am I going to do?
And the yellow one?
And this is a beach.
And you encourage him?
And your mom also.
Anything else?
Are the tip and service charge included?
Are there any mistakes in this exercise?
Are they new?
Are we having company tonight?
Are you all cold?
Are you all hot?
Are you free?
Are you from here?
Are you hungry?
Are you joking? I heard something else.
Are you on holiday?
Are you sick?
Are you teaching Spanish?
Are you thirsty?
Are your parents coming home?
As it's your birthday, we're going to sing you a song.
As soon as I received the cheque, I went to the bank.
As soon as she wakes up, we'll turn on the music.
Ask for another blanket if it's cold tonight.
What an asshole!
At a given moment.
At eleven thirty from platform number one.
At night, I write in the living room.
At that time, we were quite rich.
At the doctor's and the dentist's.
At what time does it close?
At what time is dinner served?
At what time should the plane from Guadalajara arrive?
At what time will they come for me?
At which hour is the next train arriving?
What time does the ship leave?
At which hour they are starting?
Aye, what a pity! I thought it would clear up finally.
Barcelona is in Spain.
Bartender, I'd like to have a drink.
Baseball is a popular sport in several Latin American countries.
Bastard!
Be careful crossing the street.
Be careful with fire in the woods.
Because he is dirty and wet.
Because it's too big.
Because my old ladder is broken.
Because they're eating dinner.
Because they're watching television.
Before going to France we decided to study French.
Between us there is no problem.
Bless you!
Bring me the menu, please.
Bring the bill, please.
Buses run every ten minutes.
Buy it, it's very cheap.
By registered letter?
Calderón's plays are very interesting.
Call me when you are ready to go.
Call me!
Can I email from here?
Can I get a kilo of beef steaks please?
Can I get a kilo of chicken breast please?
Can I get a kilo of chicken wings please?
Can I get a kilo of tuna fish fillets please?
Can I get half a kilo of chicken legs, please?
Can I have a cup with ice please?
Can I have a dance with you?
Can I have a gin and coke please?
Can I have another beer, please?
Can I have half a kilo apples?
Can I have my money back, please?
Can I have some anchovies with olives?
Can I make a phone call?
Can I pay with a credit card?
Can I pay you with a personal check?
Can I pick my own desk?
Can I pick the desk by the window?
Can I see your passport?
Can I send a fax from here?
Can I talk to my doctor?
Can I walk there?
Can we go fishing?
Can you check my gums?
Can you fill this form?
Can you fix it temporarily?
Can you fix the flat tire now?
Can you help me, please?
Can you help me?
Can you load the dishwasher?
Can you lower the price?
Can you pack it?
Can you please tell me where the first class room is?
Can you please tell me where the restaurant is?
Can you repair these shoes?
Can you sew on these buttons for me?
Can you ship it to New York City?
Can you show me on the map?
Can you take me to the airport, please?
Can you tell me?
Careful! Watch out!
Carlos is intelligent and creative.
Carlos is intelligent and creative. His books are interesting.
Clean your room, please.
Close your eyes.
Coffee with cream is not a very expensive pleasure.
Come back later.
Come closer and you'll be able to see better.
Come here quickly.
Come this way.
Come with me.
Congratulations on your anniversary.
Continue straight ahead.
Could I have a scotch on the rocks please?
Could we meet again?
Could you come back in a minute, please?
Could you speak more slowly?
Dad is in the kitchen because he's cooking.
Did you discover something new today?
Did the mail come today?
Did you clean your room today?
Did you do your homework?
Did you go out last night? Because you look pretty bad today ...
Did you like the book?
Did you like the meal?
Did you see anyone at the mall?
Did you sleep well?
Did you take a shower today?
Did you thank him? Did you say thank you?
Didn't madam Rodriguez want to see my essay?
Do I have cavities?
Do I have to change?
Do I need a root canal?
Do I need braces?
Do I need dentures?
Do I need more dental work?
Do I need some kind of medication?
Do I need surgery?
Do I need to change my diet?
Do I need X-rays?
Do I pay the salesgirl?
Do the glasses fit you well?
Do we have a babysitter for tonight?
Do we have to get off the train at the border?
Do you accept traveler's checks?
Do you agree?
Do you do any sport?
Do you have a blog?
Do you have a coat and a hat?
Do you have a gift shop here?
Do you have a list of hotels?
Do you have a map?
Do you have a match? I'm sorry, but I don't smoke.
Do you have a petting zoo area?
Do you have a vacancy?
Do you have a website?
Do you have African elephants?
Do you have an account with any social networking web sites?
Do you have an e-mail address?
Do you have any tape?
Do you have anything for a stomach ache?
Do you have ashtrays?
Do you have brothers and sisters?
Do you have Bud Light?
Do you have children?
Do you have children's clothes?
Do you have fish at this zoo?
Do you have fresh strawberries?
Do you have mangoes?
Do you have python snakes?
Do you have renaissance paintings?
Do you have shoes and socks?
Do you have something to declare?
Do you have temperature and your throat hurts?
Do you have this in a bigger size?
Do you have this shirt in black?
Do you have tuna fish?
Do you know a good dentist?
Do you know Professor López, by any chance?
Do you know the dialling code?
Do you like rain?
Do you like snow?
Do you like the jacket?
Do you like white wine?
Do you offer any type of tours?
Do you remember us?
Do you sell formal wear?
Do you sell sport shoes?
Do you sell town plans, please?
Do you share a room?
Do you speak Arabic?
Do you speak Chinese?
Do you think it's worthwhile? I don't think so.
Do you want a little cake?
Do you want children?
Do you want this shirt?
Does anyone here speak English?
Does anyone speak English?
Has he been training recently?
Does it bother you if I smoke?
Does it snow much here in winter?
Does the coat fit well?
Does the dress fit well?
Does the hat fit well?
Does the shirt fit you well?
Dogs are barking.
Don't be a pain!
Don't be a pest!
Don't litter!
Don't fuck with me!
Don't put the blame on me!
Don't throw anything onto the floor.
During the intermission I got up to stretch my legs.
During the summer holidays I met a beautiful woman.
Each child has his own room.
Each one does what he wishes.
Enough!
Every city has an imposing cathedral.
Every day I feel better and better.
Everyone is agreed.
Everything he says is true.
Everything is very expensive in this store.
Everything okay?
Excuse me, but I believe you're mistaken.
Excuse me, but the truth is that ...
Excuse me, do you know what is the weather forecast for tomorrow?
Excuse me, I have to get to Barcelona. Are there any flights today?
Excuse me, is there a hotel around here?
Excuse me?
Excuse me. I want a book. Where is the bookstore?
Excuse me. Is the supermarket open?
Excuse me. Is this the hardware store?
Excuse me. Is this the pharmacy?
Excuse me. Where is the bakery?
Faggot.
Fancy a drink?
Fancy to eat at my place?
Fasten your seat belts.
Fifth Avenue is an elegant street.
Fine, would you like anything else?
Flamenco shows are popular in the south of Spain.
We stayed in London for a fortnight.
For dinner we eat in the dining room.
We want a room for four nights.
For heaven's sake.
For how many days?
For how many people?
For sale.
For your love, I would do anything.
Forgive me, but I have no change.
France is separated from Spain by the Pyrenees.
From now on, try to arrive on time.
From which direction?
Fuck your mom, bitch.
Fuck your mom.
Fuck!
Fucking damn it!
Fucking whore.
Girls are wearing short skirts these days.
Give a way.
Give me a room near the elevator.
Give me a table for two near the window.
Give me your address and telephone number.
Give my love to your parents.
Give my regards to your aunt and uncle.
Go ahead to the end of the street.
Go back to your seats.
Go get a drink of water.
Go through the market.
Go to the garage.
Go to the living room.
Go to the patio.
Go up the street.
Good heavens!
Good morning, I would like to reserve a room.
Good morning, would you like something to eat?
Good morning. How are you?
Good morning. We have good weather today.
Good, I will take them. When does the show start?
Goodbye and good luck.
It's half past eight.
Handle this very carefully.
Has the mail come yet?
Have a good night.
Have I any letters or messages?
Have you finished?
Have you got a table booked?
Have you got any tickets for today?
Have you got cough or cold?
Have you got shampoo?
Have you got small portions?
Have you got smaller size?
Have you something for a cold?
He always wears dark clothes.
He approached and fell on his knees.
He became an orphan when he was ten.
He behaves well in school but at home he causes problems.
He brushes his teeth.
He buys clothes.
He buys medicine.
He couldn't come because he was ill.
He cut his finger with the knife.
He demands that they all turn in their papers on time.
He didn't just eat pear, but 3.
He didn't open his mouth to protest.
He doesn't like this concert.
He doesn't like oranges.
He drinks coffee before work.
He embraced his relatives before he left.
He feels weak after his illness.
He felt a blow on his shoulder.
He got a prize for winning the competition.
He handed me the letter and left.
He has a ball on his foot.
He has a few pens.
He has a little money.
He has an egg and is eating it.
He has a ticket.
He has even more apples.
He has less bread.
He has his fingers on the table.
He has the foot in the grass.
He has two classes in the morning and one in the afternoon.
He hurt himself when he fell.
He hurt his arm lifting so much weight.
He invested all his capital in that business.
He is a Hollywood star.
He is always being a nuisance.
He is an author famous for his novels and stories.
He is buying a vintage hat.
He is eighteen months old.
He is eighteen weeks old.
He is from France.
He is from the United States.
He is in the kitchen.
He is neither handsome nor ugly.
He is one of Spain's most famous authors.
He is running indoors.
He is saving in order to buy a house.
He is shopping in a jewelry store.
He is teaching Arabic.
He is teaching Spanish to the children.
He is thirty years old.
He isn't here because he's ill.
He isn't like his brother.
He kept his promise and helped his brothers.
He likes this concert.
He likes to cook.
He likes to swim.
He looked out of the window.
He married a girl much younger than he.
He needs a medication but doesn’t want it.
He needs a ladder.
He needs a towel.
He needs an umbrella.
He needs glasses.
He pays with a credit card.
He promised to write every day.
He reads Arabic.
He reads before bedtime.
He said it as a joke.
He says he's innocent, but they put him in jail.
He says that raw vegetables are healthier.
He sells cars.
He sells fruit.
He sent flowers to his mother.
He soon realised that he had been robbed.
He speaks Arabic.
He suddenly appeared after a three-year absence.
He takes a group of students to Spain every summer.
He threw me out of the house.
He used to like hot.
He wants a cake but doesn’t need it.
He wants red glasses.
He wants to buy a pearl necklace for his wife.
He was blinded in an accident.
He was walking with his hands in his pockets.
He washes himself.
He washes his hair.
He washes his t-shirt.
He washes the car.
He washes the pants.
He wears eyeglasses to read.
He wears shoes but wears no socks.
He wears socks and shoes.
He weighs kilos.
He went out carrying a bundle of clothing.
He went overboard for his daughter's wedding.
He won many competitions.
He works at night.
He works in the morning.
He writes Arabic.
He's a proper young man now.
He's a real gentleman.
He's already beginning to talk.
He's always been very affectionate with his in-laws.
He's been so nice to me.
He's caught a terrible cold.
He's got a headache.
He's got it all worked out.
He's looking for a leather belt.
He's shorter than his father.
Helen has won the prize.
Hello, Grandfather.
Hello, what's your name?
Hello! Good morning!
Help!
Her fiancé gave her a very big ring.
Her socks are gray.
Her sweater is purple.
Here is a prescription for some tablets.
Here is my air ticket.
Here is my baggage.
Here is your menu.
Here's a list of hotels in the capital and province.
Here's a street map and main map of the city of Gdynia.
His actions confuse me.
His books are heavier.
His books are interesting.
His house is surrounded by trees.
His last play was a great success.
His socks are purple.
His sweater is blue.
His sweater is gray.
His tone lead me to think that he already knew.
Hold on to the handrail.
How can I find the American Airlines counter?
How can I get there?
I like playing sports.
I like sports.
I really do want that.
That's a shame.
It doesn't matter to me one bit.
What a strong wind!
I've quit drinking beer.
I have an opinion.
Let's meet again soon.
Would you like a drink?
You're lying, aren't you?
Did something happen?
What illness do I have?
What disease do I have?
Please bring me my bill.
Could I have the bill, please?
It's a real bargain.
I hope you have a good trip.
Bon voyage!
He's a man of outstanding character.
Those two men sneaked into the house and were seen by someone.
She didn't send me a single letter.
I promise you that you'll get a raise after a year.
The lost fishing boat made a safe return to harbour.
What kind of job are you looking for?
"You don't have any more croissants?" "All sold out."
What's your age?
I saw a dirty dog enter the garden.
I can't understand why he did that.
Whose turn is it?
It's now your turn.
He makes a living as a writer.
He earns his living by writing.
Don't you touch me, you'd make me dirty!
If I come down, I'm giving you a headbutt!
During the final against Italy, Zidane received a red card for head-butting Materazzi.
You've had enough of this riff-raff? Well, we'll help you get rid of it.
My husband has five or six brains which are remarkably irrigated.
The road is straight, but the slope is steep.
The assessment of communist countries is positive overall.
How can you avoid the dangers of the Internet?
Say it clearly in a loud voice.
You are absolutely right, Mr Prime Minister!
It's too big.
It's too large.
I wonder if keeping your head down and living safely is a survival instinct.
That shop has many customers.
I'm worried for you.
I hate coffee.
I'll attend.
We really enjoyed ourselves.
I dislike coffee.
What name will be given to the child?
Among the Uighurs, a "Naming Celebration" is held after a child is given a name.
I borrow money.
The child will be circumcised when he reaches the age of eight.
I buy tapes.
When will the circumcision party be held?
I like math.
I like mathematics.
You'll understand once you come of age.
That guy got married and started a family.
Long live the Soviet Union!
How's it going? Are you busy?
They really did win.
Tomorrow, we shave for free.
Try to avoid overdoing it.
Don't overexert yourself.
He's raking it in on the stock market.
Calm down.
That's good, isn't it?
He's making a lot of money in the stock market.
I go by the nickname "Itch."
My nickname is "Itch."
Large, isn't it?
This place is large, isn't it?
You won't regret it!
There is a traffic jam on the highway.
What colour was Henri IV's white horse?
I have a lot of cavities now.
He's a good guy now, so he'll make a good husband in the future.
Hamburg is Germany's largest port and also the third-largest port in Europe.
One day, while I was playing with my cat, I finally bit his ear.
Let's have a few drinks tonight.
Would you like to drink a bit tonight?
Let me pay tonight.
Now, this is a problem.
Prices have dropped recently.
I pray that you will have the best of luck.
Did you grade the tests?
Yesterday was Sunday.
He drank a lot yesterday.
He can speak Russian, too.
He can also speak Russian.
I want you to dry my tears.
I wonder if this is love.
Could you teach me how to play the piano?
What's in your mind?
What's causing the death of the most popular singer in the world?
I am the State!
I have to say that there's no better place to spend my honeymoon than Gandrange!
Please come in.
Let a hundred flowers bloom!
It's very cold.
That's an imitation.
That's a fake.
Wait just a moment.
I love parties.
Everyone, please be quiet.
That's a good question.
Lemons are sour.
Grab a hold of the rope.
Has something happened?
It's an easy victory.
Do it now.
It's great! You'll laugh for sure.
It's OK not to eat it.
You don't have to eat it.
You don't have to eat.
Everyone dies.
Life is enjoyable.
Life is fun.
Clean your room.
There are also fish that fly.
It's free.
It's gotten better.
It's improved.
I've gotten better.
This book isn't as heavy as that book.
This book is not as large that one.
My TV has quit working.
I saw the dirty dog go into the yard.
A stranger spoke to me on the bus.
Could I please have one more can of beer?
It takes all kinds to make a world.
Welcome to hell!
His opinions aren't worth listening to.
His opinions are worthless.
Otoyo enjoyed the beautiful spring day and walked along the beach.
I think this one has to die for the other to live. It's a cruel world.
This pension costs yen. Without meals, it's yen cheaper.
I was forced to sign the form.
Please reply by telex.
Fuck off!
How can I get to gate A-1?
How can I get to the airport?
How can I help you?
Is it possible to go there walking?
How do I get to ...?
How do you get to the station, please?
How do you know that?
How do you make that?
How do you say 'lung'?
How do you say "cat" in Spanish?
How do you spell that?
How far along am I?
How far is it?
How fresh are the cantaloupes?
How handsome!
How irresponsible!
How is the family?
How long are you going for?
How long are you going to be in London?
How long does it take to go to Madrid?
How long have you been studying medicine?
How long?
How many are in your party?
How many bowls do we have?
How many flowers did you buy?
How many guests are there?
How many kilometers is it from here to the railroad station?
How many kilos may I take?
How many misfortunes these poor children have suffered!
How many paintings did he make?
How many plates do we have?
How many plates do you want?
How much are the grapes?
How much are these pants?
How many bus stops are there to the center?
How much does a beer cost?
How much does a kilo of onions cost?
How much do ten paper plates cost?
How much do the carrots cost?
How much do they cost?
How much do you charge by the hour?
How much do you need?
How much does a cinema ticket cost?
How much does a ticket cost for the concert?
How much does it cost?
How much does the orange juice cost?
How much does the wooden chair cost?
How much for your ass?
How much is a round-trip ticket to Caracas?
How much is a ticket to Segovia?
How much is it going to cost me to mend this skirt?
How much is it going to cost?
How much is the admission ticket?
How much is the kilo of bananas?
How much is the kilo of leek?
How much is the kilo of pineapple?
How much is the kilo of tomatoes?
How much is the ticket?
How much is this pullover, please?
How much money you would like to withdraw?
How much must I pay?
How much per kilo for excess?
How much are they?
How much will I pay for minutes to Poland?
How much for the night?
How often he is taking part in trainings?
How old are you?
How old is that painting?
How old is this zoo?
How old is your son?
How pretty you look today!
How would you like potatoes?
How is your surname written?
How's my dad doing?
How's my son doing?
How's my wife doing?
How's that going?
However bad it is...
Hugs for the children from all of us.
I am short.
I am tall.
I abstain from voting.
I adore you.
I agree.
I always carry a needle in case of an emergency.
I always cry when we say goodbye.
I always give something to the beggars.
I always see him when he comes to Madrid.
I always wear an overcoat when its cold.
I am a doctor.
I am a friend of Robert's.
I am a journalist.
I am a redhead.
I am allergic to analgesics.
I am an American citizen.
I am blessed with my life.
I am busy now and can't go out.
I am buying a ladder in the hardware store.
I am buying a new car.
I am buying a new umbrella.
I am called Sara.
I am close to the bridge.
I am cold.
I am diabetic.
I am divorced.
I am eating dinner with my husband.
I am eating lunch with my sister.
I am fan of football.
I am far from the tree.
I am forty-five years old.
I am from Columbia.
I am from Egypt.
I am from Russia.
I am glad to meet you.
I am going to bed.
I am going to do an apprenticeship.
I am going to get dressed.
I am going to have a great day today.
I am going to introduce you to my family.
I'm going to lie down for a minute.
I am going to my friend's house.
I am going to see where they're going.
I am going to wash my hands.
I am good at history.
I am happy to reply to your last letter.
I am happy.
I am hot.
I am in a hurry.
I am in the classroom.
I am leaving at ten o'clock.
I am Lin.
I am looking for a cream color long sleeve shirt.
I am looking for a good hotel.
I am looking for a white mini skirt!
I am looking for my friends.
I am looking for room with twin beds.
I am looking for the cheeses.
I am lost. Can you help me, please?
I am married and I have two sons.
I am not allergic to penicillin.
I am not interested in politics at all.
I am not interested.
I am not ready yet.
I am not saying it for my own sake.
I am on medication.
I am online.
I am playing a game with my sister.
I am playing in the park.
I'm not good at Latin.
I am ready.
I am really sorry.
I am sick.
I am sorry, the line is busy. Shall I call again?
I am sure.
I am sweaty.
I am teaching English.
I am thankful for my children.
I am thankful for the food I eat.
I am too short.
I am under the blanket.
I am very sorry.
I am visiting my friends.
I'm visiting my grandmother in the hospital.
I am washing my hands because I have dirty hands.
I am writing articles about strikes.
I can take care of it.
I bought a table for the living room.
I bought flowers because I am going to visit my grandmother this afternoon.
I bought nine flowers.
I bought several cassettes of the popular singers.
I brush my teeth after breakfast.
I brush my teeth with a toothbrush.
I can see myself in the mirror.
I can't accept the invitation because I have another engagement.
I can't add anything else.
I can't be without you.
I can't find my luggage.
I can't stand the noise from the street.
I can't find the address of my hotel.
I cannot help you.
I brush my teeth; I comb my hair.
I closed the door so that they wouldn't hear us.
I come to school by bus.
I communicate with my friends on the internet.
It is important for me.
I couldn't go out because it was raining.
I did not order this.
I didn't do it on purpose.
I didn't realise.
I didn't understand because they spoke in a low voice.
I do business on the internet.
I do not drink coffee.
I do not sleep well.
I don't know what to order.
I don't like windy days.
I don't dare tell him such a thing.
I don't doubt that he's done it.
I don't feel comfortable here.
I don't have any money on me.
I don't know if I have enough money.
I don't know the mayor but I'd like to meet him.
I don't know what to say.
I don't know where they are.
I don't know. It depends on the price.
I don't like sweet desserts.
I don't speak French, but I understand it a little.
I don't think it's funny at all.
I don't understand you.
I don't want that until tomorrow.
I don't want to raise false hopes.
I don't work now and I lead a less hectic life.
I don't speak Chinese.
I don't want this shirt.
I drank the milk that was left over from breakfast.
I drink coffee after dinner.
I drink coffee in the morning.
I eat breakfast before work.
I eat dinner after work.
I feel a pain in my back.
I feel all hopeful about...
I feel awkward about asking him again.
I feel dizzy.
I feel good today.
I feel great.
I feel seasick.
I feel very ill.
I feel well.
I fell madly in love with him.
I felt ill. Why?
I finished packing my boxes.
I forgot my money.
I forgot.
I frequently go to the islands of Menorca and Ibiza.
I get home at 4.and do my homework.
I get on very well with your cousin.
I get on well with all my workmates.
I get up, wash, shower, shave, and get dressed.
I go to bed at 10.30.
I got up today with a pain in my neck.
I have a backache.
I have a car, a motorcycle, and bicycles.
I have a chest pain.
I have a coat, but I have no hat.
I have a Facebook account.
I have a heart condition.
I have a lot of love for you.
I have a metal table.
I have a pain in my chest.
I have a paper tumbler.
I have a plastic tumbler.
I have a reservation for today.
I have a temperature.
I have a toothache and I want to go to the dentist.
I have a toothache.
I have a wooden table.
I have an appointment with the doctor.
I have an ice bag.
I have an internet business.
I have booked a table for four.
I have brown hair.
I have enjoyed myself very much.
I have a few tickets in row 15.
I have had a stroke before.
I have missed my train.
I have my own room.
I have no fever, but my throat hurts me. I can't either freery breathe.
I have no time for that, and besides, I don't have any money.
I have nothing to declare.
I have socks, but I have no shoes.
I have something in my eye.
I have sunglasses.
I have to think about it.
I have to wake up early tomorrow.
I have two brothers and two sisters.
I haven't heard from him since last June.
I haven't the faintest idea.
I heard that you are also collecting stamps.
I heard, that you are great in long distance races.
I hope no one sits in front of us.
I hope they aren't deceiving me.
I hope they arrive soon.
I hope to be able to go in June.
I hope you are well.
I hope you die.
I hope you like it.
I'll kill you.
I leave the house at 8.and arrive at school at 8.45.
I left it on the table.
I like not only ice creams, but also sorbet and frozen youghurt.
I like rain and snow.
I like roasted chestnuts.
I like shopping on the internet.
I like social networking web sites.
I like sparkling and fruity wines.
I like apples more than oranges.
I like the black blouse more than the blue.
I like the black shoes.
I like the blue one. How much does it cost?
I like the green bicycle more than the pink.
I like the meat rare.
I like milk more than juice.
I like the new house more than the old.
I like the old car more than the new.
I like the red dress more than the white.
I like the tea more than the coffee.
I like the tennis more than the soccer.
I like this one.
I like to go across the lake in a sailboat.
I like to go to the movies to see foreign films.
I like to study foreign languages.
I like windsurfing.
I live in a flat.
I look after you.
I lost my passport!
I lost my purse.
I lost my wallet.
I love buying on eBay.
I love her so much that I can't leave her.
I love living with you.
I love my life.
I love my wife.
I love you a lot.
I love you so much.
I made a complete fool of myself.
I met her by chance in the library.
I must admit that I was mistaken.
I must have left it on the bus.
I need more days to pay.
I need a cup of hot coffee.
I need a doctor!
I need a first aid kit.
I need a hammer.
I need a heavy coat.
I need a hot chocolate.
I need a job.
I need a light coat.
I need a mirror to comb my hair.
I need a notebook to write my notes.
I need a nurse now.
I need a rash ointment.
I need a room for six nights.
I need an analgesic.
I need anti-itch ointment.
I need band aids.
I need body lotion.
I need children's fever medicine.
I need children's pain medicine.
I need coughing medicine.
I need diarrhea medicine.
I need foot lotion.
I need hand lotion.
I need it by tomorrow.
I need light plates because today my family is going to eat lunch in the park.
I need medicine. Where is the pharmacy?
I need money.
I need more time.
I need mosquito repellent.
I need pain medication.
I need skin burn ointment.
I need sleeping pills.
I need some time to think about it.
I need something for an adult.
I need something for vomiting.
I need sun block.
I need sun tanning lotion.
I need sunburn lotion.
I need the keys.
I need these shoes in size ten please!
I need to cancel my subscription.
I need to exchange dollars for pesos.
I need to go to downtown.
I need to go to my hotel, the Hilton hotel!
I need to make a telephone call.
I need to renew my subscription.
I need to rinse my mouth.
I need to see a doctor immediately.
I never received the money.
I owe you $1,000.
I am playing a browser game.
I play with my son.
I prefer a cotton blouse.
I prefer a lighter color.
I prefer department stores: the prices are lower.
I prefer something better.
I prefer to bath in the morning.
I prefer to take a shower in the morning.
I really don't understand the plan they presented.
I really had to run for it to catch the train.
I really love the way you speak.
I really missed you when you were in France.
I regret this very much.
I remember those times.
I saw him last night in the bar and he was really drunk.
I am selling a new car.
I sell new umbrellas.
I shall hide the key so that you cannot open the suitcase.
I shall keep on painting until the sun sets.
I shall return the books to him even though he doesn't need them.
I shall try to take the ball without him noticing.
I shave every morning.
I shit in your milk.
I should like to see the room.
I should like to speak to the manager.
I speak Arabic but I study English.
I study Chinese and Spanish.
I study Spanish.
I suffer from asthma.
I suggest that you visit some villages in the mountains.
I take a bath every morning.
I take off my hat.
I take two teaspoons of sugar with my coffee.
I teach Chinese.
I teach English.
I teach Spanish.
I thank you very much for your kindness.
I thank you with all my heart.
I think I am cold.
I think I lost my wallet.
I think Malbork castle is wonderful.
I think someone is knocking at the door.
"When will you wash your car?" "Sometime this week, I think."
I think that Juan likes María.
I think we get off at the next stop.
I think you have made a mistake.
I use the internet to do business.
I use Yahoo! to search on the internet.
I usually eat a lot.
I wake up at o'clock.
I walk to school.
I want a blue cake.
I want a book. Where is the bookstore?
I want a licensed guide who speaks English.
I want a lighter shade.
I want a room for tonight.
I want breakfast in my room.
I want ten plates.
I want that later.
I want the bigger cake.
I want to be with you forever.
I want to call...
I want to cash a check.
I want to clean the house before my parents return.
I want to get off at the next stop.
I want to get to know you better.
I want to go shopping.
I want to kiss you.
I want to leave these packages for a while.
I want to make a local call, number 20-36-48.
I want to pay in installments.
I want to pay with a check.
I want to pay with a credit card.
I want to rent a safety deposit box.
I want to see what there is inside.
I want to send an airmail letter to Poland.
I want to send these letters by airmail.
I want to show you a spectacular view.
I want to spend my life with you.
I want to take a bath.
I want to take advantage of the opportunity to speak to the governor.
I want to tell you a strange thing.
I want to work with your company.
I want you to be here.
I want you to come here.
I wanted to kill him, but I was too stressed to hold firmly his Desert Eagle.
I was able to swim across The English Channel.
I was born in in York.
I was born on March in Barcelona.
I was fifteen years old in this picture.
I was hoping you'd say that.
I was really disappointed when I found out that I hadn't passed the exam.
I call upon the scientific community in our country, those who gave us nuclear weapons, to turn their great talents now to the cause of mankind and world peace: to give us the means of rendering these nuclear weapons impotent and obsolete.
Unity makes strength.
Moral leadership is more powerful than any weapon.
Remember your humanity, and forget the rest.
I am the Alpha and the Omega, the first and the last, the beginning and the end.
The most incomprehensible thing about the world is that it is at all comprehensible.
I wash my hands before lunch.
I wash my socks.
I wash myself.
I wash the blouse.
I wear a suit and tie.
I wear a suit but wear no tie.
I went to the bank to take out money.
I will be blessed this year.
I will buy that dress somehow.
This game is basically designed for use with keyboard and gamepad but configuration can only be done by mouse.
People of Almaty, let us create a child-friendly city!
Celebrate in style!
Siemens. No family can do without us.
Almaty is my favorite city!
They took away all of our paperwork.
'Run away' will always work even with bosses and the last boss, so when you're in trouble let's run away.
Get both a phone and internet access in a single package!
You want to work at METRO?!
You are a toilet!
Unity is our strength!
Once a thief, always a thief.
Oh, say does that star-spangled banner yet wave o'er the land of the free and the home of the brave?
One for all, all for one.
It is tossed by the waves, but does not sink.
In God We Trust.
I will endure.
I am a seagull.
The love of liberty brought us here.
Each endeavouring, all achieving.
We wish to remain what we are.
Truth prevails.
God's will first.
We are a fortress.
Fatherland or death, we shall overcome.
The future does not belong to the faint-hearted, it belongs to the brave.
She is not tall.
This book is thick and the other is thin.
The Pope? How many divisions has he got?
When I regained my senses, it seemed that fur had grown on my fingers and knees. When it became slightly brighter, I looked at my reflection in a mountain stream, and I realized that I had become a tiger.
She plans to write a letter after school.
Rynok Square is the historic centre of the city.
Sauron wants every hobbit to fear him.
I'm not going to get into a battle of wits with you; I never attack anyone who's unarmed.
You need to teach her a lesson!
Yes, we can go.
The Guard dies, but it does not surrender!
We are going to the mountains.
With regards to culture, you could say they're like barbarians.
A garden planted with pine trees.
Please look at that red-roofed house.
I had no choice but to stay in bed all day.
There's still plenty that needs to be done.
It's 18th June today, and also Muiriel's birthday!
I'll let you decide.
It's Monday today.
I was pretty hungry when I got home.
Sire, I had no need of that hypothesis.
It's not an issue if he argues with his wife, but he shouldn't hit her.
The weather suddenly got warmer.
Please inform me of the plan ahead of time.
Life would become bland without you.
You're good with women.
Can I ask a question?
Entry is strictly for staff only.
The dictionary he talked about isn't available in the library.
I usually sleep at nine.
She's not prettier than her mother.
House dust mites can be found in mattresses, carpets, curtains and stuffed furniture.
My father is shaving in the bathroom.
My wife often telephones me when I'm traveling in another country.
You can swim much better than he can.
They urged him in vain to sell them his prosperous firm.
In the last few years he has developed the bad habit of being rude to his friends.
He was embarrassed when I insisted on reading the criticism of his new book.
I don't give a damn about the stock market!
I am too busy to go.
The flatboat carrying the two silent men went on gliding atop the dark waters as the moonlit night slowly wore on.
Freshness is our top priority.
Be yourself!
Every day has a sequel.
Our rates are now lower!
The quality of higher education must answer to the highest international standards.
There's no food right now.
A thief steals for a long time, but eventually he will hang.
I must buy new skis.
This is made in Kazakhstan.
The power delivered by a one square metre solar panel is approximately one watt. Therefore it is currently difficult to harvest solar energy on a grand scale.
Cathy seems to like music.
This is food.
I want to go for a frolic in the rain.
Moreover, they underscored the need for providing policy relevant ready-to-use scientific results and methodology.
It is a fine hypothesis; it explains many things.
Why have you written this book on the system of the universe, and have never even mentioned its Creator?
Kill them, for the Lord knows those who are His.
Oh, the humanity!
Cecil lit a candle.
The future is a succession of daily moments.
I think we agree, the past is over.
We have to set up the Republic of common sense.
The doors on the left side will open.
The shower is broken.
My sister is older than my brother.
No liberty for the enemies of liberty.
She's our neighbour.
Where are my glasses?
We are happy.
You must go.
I can't prevent myself from thinking.
We are all Americans.
Barcelona is the capital city of Catalonia and the second largest city in Spain.
Japan is the only nation to have been hit by nuclear bombs.
I won’t mislead you, I won’t betray you, I won't shirk!
Left-wing communism is an infantile disorder.
I'm telling the youth: partying is life! And so is your face!
I may be plump, but I'm vigorous.
He thought that I was very tired.
There is strong shadow where there is much light.
Who is the happiest of men? He who values the merits of others, and in their pleasure takes joy, even as though 'twere his own.
We can't form our children on our own concepts; we must take them and love them as God gives them to us.
Which is the best government? That which teaches us to govern ourselves.
People think completely differently when they're standing and when they're sitting.
I have amongst my relatives, a single one who sincerely lives righteously, has strict principles and pursues an ideal, but all my other relatives speak ill and make fun of him.
She always wears clothes which are out of fashion.
We don't know her.
Bill has a lot of friends.
Marilyn Monroe died years ago.
While looking at the flowers I thought suddenly that humans too had a good side. It's humans who discovered the beauty of flowers and it's also humans who can appreciate them.
I like this dog.
You can add sentences you don't know how to translate.
I've already come here before.
There are forty thousand cameras in Urumqi.
"Mirror, mirror on the wall. Who in the land is fairest of all?" And then the mirror would always reply: "You, my queen, are fairest of all."
"Take the child away into the forest; I never want to see her again. Kill her, and bring me back this handkerchief soaked in her blood as proof."
Which drama series do you like best?
His Truth is marching on.
I told my wife: Liliane, pack up the bags, we're going back to Paris.
May God help you, as you have put yourself beyond the mercy of men.
I haven't finished reading this book.
I believe in the power of the spirit and will never leave you.
He declared that they had been friends for years.
Let's race to the pub!
We are working to fix this bug.
When did this occur?
They change everything.
You're completely right!
You're absolutely right!
Do you live with your parents?
Give me a toothpick.
You're the boss.
I've been here before.
I'm in Boston going for my Ph.D. right now.
This website is very useful.
Twenty dollars are one hundred and forty yuan.
I'm sorry, my Uighur is a little coarse.
The aeroplane landed safely.
You know, you have beautiful eyes.
You know my younger daughter is about the same age as your son. That's why I think that they will get engaged.
It was a pleasure to meet you Stella, I am so sorry for whatever I said to irk you the wrong way.
Contador won the maillot jaune in the Tour de France.
The lock is beautiful.
Put the carrots in the pot.
A lazy man is a burden even to the ground.
One crow doesn't peck another's eye.
There is honor even among thieves.
If you're hungry, then eat.
You didn't understand.
The power's out.
This dog is white.
I've done questionable things.
I've seen things you people wouldn't believe.
We are pleased to announce you that you have received the Nobel Peace Prize.
"Ah, the trailing group has arrived." "Oh no. They caught up with us while we were resting."
I have a dog and a cat.
We have a daughter who is married to a Frenchman.
The quadriceps is made up of four muscles: the rectus femoris, the vastus medialis, the vastus intermedius and the vastus lateralis.
Because he is old, he, too, has grown weak.
Judging by her expression, she looked worried.
They usually sleep in this room.
Olga has been playing the cello since she was years old.
We don't do body counts.
I am looking for my brother.
The Italian food was delicious.
I would prefer that you didn't submit this.
Those are sunflowers.
Who's at fault?
Whose fault is it?
Please do that.
This is really delicious soup, isn't it?
This soup tastes really great.
I have to paint it.
It was a terrible day.
I would like to be Picasso.
Everyone was happy.
Please read the meter.
Please read the numbers on the meter.
Spring has come.
Of course I'll wait.
Please speak in a louder voice.
Please say it more loudly.
Choose one person.
Please choose one person.
Some people were late.
Summer has ended.
It's time to get up.
Please think about it.
Please think it over.
Follow my advice.
Adrastea is one of the satellites of Jupiter and is the second closest to Jupiter itself.
That was an excellent putt.
Let me check your ticket.
Who drew it?
What's the weather like?
Nothing is as difficult as becoming a person.
This software carries out Markov Chain Monte Carlo calculations by the use of Gibbs Sampling.
It's as cold as ice.
The Capitalists will sell us the rope with which we will hang them.
Prices went up.
The cost of living has risen.
The cost of living has gone up.
This flag is very beautiful.
That's a pheasant.
That's a good plan.
That's a good idea.
My right hand is Uighur, and my left is Han.
This food is perfect for a convalescent.
We don't negotiate with terrorists.
You are either with us, or against us.
He has a beautiful voice.
I looked after the rabbits when I was at school.
I'm 19.
He's become frail in his old age.
Copy-and-paste is very useful.
Take a deep breath.
A good idea sprung to my mind.
In any case, it's always my fault.
We will bury you.
Those rules foster discontent among students.
Are these your things?
Let's get started.
Let's go, Ken.
Great, isn't it?
Please open the bottle.
That was years ago.
That's not fair.
That isn't fair.
Isn't it black?
Is that pure gold?
Please wrap it up.
Not even one taxi stopped.
I slept for nine hours.
I am going to go play ball with Mohan.
Can you teach me?
I cried all night.
And whosoever was not found written in the book of life was cast into the lake of fire.
Tolerance becomes a crime when applied to evil.
Stupidity is the relaxation of intelligence.
"Did you see my cat?" "No." "Liar, you're still chewing!"
It's too quiet.
There's nothing that can be done.
There is one way.
Democracy is the dictatorship of the majority.
I will do everything I can to go.
I saw a fight.
I'll phone you later.
It's Friday, and so we have to perform our prayers.
I have letters I need to write.
I am fully satisfied with my new house.
I would like to go to America.
I need a good steed for my voyage.
We were aware of what was going on.
You have to break an egg to make an omelet.
The buds began to burst.
It takes more than one swallow to make a summer.
His technique was the best.
He doesn't charge much.
My girlfriend often cuts my hair.
All I am I owe to my mother.
I need to go to the China Construction Bank.
One swallow does not a summer make.
The presidential election is not a beauty contest.
Take the oranges out of the fridge.
I need to renew my passport.
The grass is always greener on the other side.
Can all birds fly?
I'm fed up!
She showed me her new car.
Could somebody please open the door?
The devil finds work for idle hands.
Have you ever been abroad?
We miss you a lot.
I live here.
Sorry, I must have dialed the wrong number.
Why do I have to do this?
A cherry tree grows in a garden.
I don't like that kind of music.
What are you cooking?
Jim Carrey is very famous and a good comedian.
What did you talk about?
They left at daybreak from the base of the mountain.
Would you have asked me this question if I had been a man?
I started working for this company last year.
My school has Uighur, Han, Kazakh, Hui, Mongol, Kirghiz, Xibo, Tajik, and Uzbek ethnicities, among others.
We put a lot of effort into our homework.
Memorize it well.
He read the article over and over again.
I often converse with her.
They translated the text.
Why are there crickets in my room?
Octopus Paul was right.
You must give great writers of the past the most attention in your reading.
A Japanese person would never do such a thing.
What with the wind and the rain, our walk was spoiled.
She stood silent, her head slightly to one side.
He was bound hand and foot.
I was rudely awakened by a loud noise.
Where is Customs?
We go to school every day except Sunday.
I am Edgar Degas.
"Right, shall we be off then?" "Yes. Let's go!"
Yes, let's.
Permission to use the car was accorded her.
Yesterday I simply did not go to work.
You're perfectly right.
I'm no misogynist, but were I so then I'd surely exempt you.
That's all the thanks one gets.
It's nothing, don't be afraid!
Divide this line segment into twenty equal parts.
Wisdom is a curse when wisdom does nothing for the man who has it.
I do not like the rich.
They are among us!
This is unfortunate.
He is a true Muslim.
I want to try this.
It's all the rage.
Do you want me to comb your hair?
Do you want me to paint you?
You've come back?
To the devil with you!
My brothers!
That's not a grasshopper. It's a locust!
I'm sick!
I'm ill.
Esperanto is surely an enormous waste of time!
With all due respect, I think they both had valid points.
Exchanges with you seem to go on endlessly.
Thanks indeed, handy this!
Woods burn easily.
The location has changed.
Stop!
My son believes in Father Christmas.
I'm so unlucky!
Have there been a lot of sick people lately?
When did you move to Berlin?
Time flew.
Let's beat Japan!
Thanks!
He is happy about the progress he has recently made.
It happened just the other day.
Being letters long, 'anticonstitutionnellement' is the longest word in French.
He studies computational linguistics.
I am of the opinion that this is the way to do it.
May I begin to eat?
The French language is rich in synonyms.
Consisting of bacon and cheese, the sandwich was quite greasy.
Decorated with blue and yellow strips, the tie was very unfashionable.
Let's try to write sentences of style and good quality.
I am going to bed!
Am I wasting my time?
Has the world gone mad?
Can a person go mad like this?
What if you just couldn't stop typing?
Do you think it might cause sickness?
Do you think you'd get ill?
What if it continued forever?
We implemented our models in C++.
I got a great kernel panic a day or two ago.
Nobody can translate his sentences because they are quite difficult.
Nobody wants to translate his sentences because they are stupid.
This is strangely addictive!
I mean it's just another manifestation of internet addiction really.
I don't really know why he wrote the book.
Prescribe the boy some medication!
To the whole world - good night, good day and good morning.
Are you very seriously ill?
Do you have a receipt?
Perhaps he'll never become famous.
Maybe he won't become famous.
I left my card in the room.
Bill is two years older than I am.
He can run faster than I can.
I wonder why he did that.
The clock has stopped.
The clock stopped.
There's no need to apologize.
Let's postpone dinner.
Some Shanghainese hold large banquets when they get married.
There isn't any soap.
It's snowing.
Would you like a window seat or a seat on the aisle?
Be careful not to drop anything on your feet.
We have a cat. We all love cats.
"Why have you started learning to play the piano?" "Because I want to be a music teacher."
Brace yourselves! From today I'm learning the piano. Why? Because I want to become a music teacher!
May God be with us.
Badgers dig deep holes.
It's nothing serious.
It's nothing to worry about.
It was a very hot day.
Let's fly a kite.
No one knows.
Catch him.
I'm a beginner, so I think I'll start from a 'garter stitch' muffler or a 'knit-one-purl-one stitch' one.
His wound was bleeding.
They drink cola.
They were afraid of you.
He didn't answer the phone, so I left him an email.
Lock the gate.
Please be quiet.
The train has arrived.
What's that bird called?
When's it over?
When does it finish?
Let's eat sushi.
It's frozen hard.
Don't be disappointed.
Do you drink coffee?
I eat here.
I'll eat here.
I'll eat it here.
My album is here.
Your dog is here.
It might not be worth much, but you have my support.
This is your key.
This soup smells horrible. Do you think it's gone off?
Keep going straight.
That's not my concern.
It's no concern of mine.
That's my problem.
He told us to depart at once.
He told us that we should leave right away.
He commanded me to leave the bedroom immediately.
Everybody knows that.
He's too tall to stand up straight in this room.
I couldn't make it.
He told us to set off at once.
We don't have time.
My favourite sport is football.
What should I do?
He is about to leave.
There's the rub.
What's the point in doing that?
No, don't go.
Please get into the car.
It's very big.
My most favorite style of music is pop music.
That's very big.
How am I going to get home?
Let's go by bus.
The paint is peeling off.
We still have more time.
Everyone, listen up.
Hey everyone, please listen.
Best before 01/09/2010.
Come if you can.
Please speak more loudly.
Would you like to eat something?
There's no need to hurry.
Clean the mirror.
Clean the dirt off the mirror.
Sit near here.
You can't see air with your eyes.
My tomcat has a sunburn.
A wolf doesn't bite a wolf.
Choose the one you like.
Choose whichever you like.
What's in this bag?
Who is that person?
Brussels is the capital of Belgium.
I don't want to give myself false hopes.
People should do their best.
He likes playing football.
He came to Berlin as a teacher.
Don't poke fun at foreigners.
I've never met her, but I recognize her.
I've never met him, but I recognize him.
I have nothing to say on this matter.
Cologne lies on the Rhine.
A portion of the island was destroyed by the massive waves.
Read, every day, something no one else is reading. Think, every day, something no one else is thinking. Do, every day, something no one else would be silly enough to do. It is bad for the mind to be always part of unanimity.
America is a large, friendly dog in a very small room. Every time it wags its tail, it knocks over a chair.
The trouble with our times is that the future is not what it used to be.
Many new teachers feel ill-prepared to teach basic literacy and numeracy.
Keeping your heart fit and strong can slow down the ageing of your brain, say researchers.
The motorway was closed due to a major accident.
The Mmotorway connects London to Leeds.
The doctor gave me a shot.
I need a map.
A little quieter, please.
I heard the phone ring.
Did you buy the pomegranate juice?
It's really windy.
Jugo is a southwestern wind, isn't it?
Are you getting off?
Two girls threw up on the bus in two days.
How's your little sister?
This movie theater has two floors.
Where is the emergency exit?
There's not a single safe place anymore in Japan.
First come, first serve.
To grow the commons of free knowledge and free culture, all users contributing to Tatoeba project are required to grant broad permissions to the general public to re-distribute and re-use their contributions freely, as long as the use is attributed and the same freedom to re-use and re-distribute applies to any derivative works.
Therefore, for any text you hold the copyright to, by submitting it, you agree to license it under the Creative Commons Attribution License 2.(fr).
Prostitution, gambling, the use of narcotic substances, drunkenness, disorder, and all other illegal activities are STRICTLY FORBIDDEN.
According to him, she is not coming.
Jim raised his hand.
Every day, my brother borrows a new book from the library.
Andrej Chadanovič is a major figure in the Belarusian poetry.
She has few friends.
I could answer his question.
Mr. Crouch, what are you doing?
Everybody likes him.
Everyone likes him.
Everybody likes her.
White doves are beautiful birds.
She has three brothers.
Please hold a moment. I will see if he is back.
When the heater in the barn fails, milk-flavoured ice cubes this entails.
In a time of universal deceit, telling the truth is a revolutionary act.
I think computer viruses should count as life.
I think it says something about human nature that the only form of life we have created so far is purely destructive.
We've created life in our own image.
For three days after death hair and fingernails continue to grow but phone calls taper off.
How far gone are you?
To dismiss the dialog box you need to click the X at the top right of the window.
"What do you want?" "I want a dog."
The demon lord finally lost conciousness and fell to the floor with a thud.
Tatoeba: Because you can't meet enough frenchies.
Tatoeba: As if the geek invasion wasn't enough.
FSI officer: "Sir, there is a website where ANYONE can add a sentence in a foreign language!". FSI president: "What?! Bomb them!".
"Honey, quick, quick. There's this website called Tatoeba that's auctioning its sentence collection for a cent each! They've even got special offers like buy sentences and get free!" "Ah great! now people collect sentences as a hobby?! What's the world coming to!"
Save a human. Eat a cannibal.
Man is the only animal that learns by being hypocritical. He pretends to be polite and then, eventually, he becomes polite.
In Tatoeba, you gotta always listen to veteran members. They'll tell you what can't be done and why. Then do it.
Tatoeba: Where debates are hotter than two rabbits making babies in a sock!
Tatoeba: Did you think that microchipping members with their sentences is far-fetched?
It's not that far.
He just arrived.
Who wants hot chocolate?
In China, there's a saying that you can't judge a person by appearance.
These plants are too small. I don't think that they'll grow.
My uncle's hobby is playing baseball.
He's crazy about soccer.
I forgot what his name was.
No one lives in this building.
The total comes to 3,yen.
I don't go to school on Sundays.
A crowd gathered on this street.
Hi, Roger. I'm doing well.
Don't depend too much on others.
God knows we did everything we could.
How long have you known her for?
It's wrong of you to talk back to her.
You're out of order in talking back to her in the first place.
I haven't seen her for a long time.
If you use the quit command noted below, you can make the application exit.
With this module you can make the Enter key generate an event.
We will tidy up our room so that Mom is satisfied.
She panicked when she heard the news.
Tatoeba: Sentences, sentences, and more sentences.
Tatoeba: Where sentences are always sentences, except when they aren't.
She freaked out as she heard the news.
She flipped out at hearing the news.
If only I knew his address.
She had a cow when she heard the news.
Please, you can have the paper first.
He didn't answer the phone, so I sent him an email.
Forever tiroes, stay on the side aisle.
That tie suits you very well.
This is an international community.
Pooja, the elegant lady with mellifluous voice, is to star in an upcoming Bollywood movie.
Tyro was married to Cretheus but loved Enipeus.
You're such rascals!
My left foot has gone to sleep.
The old man lives alone.
According to the long-term forecast, a mild winter seems to be ahead.
Napoleon guided his troops to Russia.
I have courage and a strong will.
Every child misbehaves from time to time.
His dog ran in the yard.
Allow me to introduce myself.
After the storm, the sea was quiet again.
Yumi went to the park to play tennis.
Anyone can do it as long as they try.
If anyone can do it, it's you.
What I don't know I don't envy.
The building has twenty floors.
I prefer grapefruit to oranges.
I plan to stay there one week.
Leave it closed.
Dick played piano and Lucy sang.
Food is digested in the stomach.
Don't lie to me.
The Rhine flows between France and Germany.
They're digging a hole.
I plead guilty.
As it were, the problem is solved.
She wasn't happy at hearing the news.
As soon as she heard the news, she broke into tears.
Don't put the wet towel in the bag.
I want to cry.
She was absent because she caught a cold.
When one takes a bath, the telephone rings.
He has blond hair.
I learn English every day.
O what can ail thee, knight-at-arms, alone and palely loitering?
The sedge has withered from the lake, and no birds sing.
Beginners for eternity, stay on the sidelines.
And for more than an hour she made believe not to know what there was for dinner.
I don't expect them to support my view.
I wanna have dinner in a restaurant.
All languages are equal, but English is more equal than the others.
"It's not my job" is a self-fulfilling prophecy.
John's two years older than me.
He went together with her.
I don't want it.
Power entails responsibilities.
I often play soccer after class.
He's really honest. It's all right if I trust him.
My mother can't come.
All right, I'm outta here.
All right. I'm leaving.
Don't enter.
They say that ferns can have flowers.
Better a hundred friends than a hundred rubles.
I should have never married.
My cat killed this mouse.
The door opened, and the man walked out.
I would like to see your mother.
You wouldn't happen to know where she lives, would you?
She is the pride of her class.
He wrote one letter.
There's a large risk involved.
The diamond in this ring is polished.
For some reason, she's really furious with me.
Excuse me, but could you get me a glass of water?
He has three daughters.
Who's this?
They installed a vending machine at work.
Is there any nutritional difference between soy and regular milk?
The die is cast. I repeat: The die is cast.
Air is for people what water is for fish.
Fish can't live out of water.
Is his father a teacher?
The Mississippi is the longest river in the United States.
U.S.S.R. stands for the "Union of Soviet Socialist Republics".
I got sick, and so couldn't come to school.
I understood from his accent that he was an American.
For example, we lack the option "only with this group of words".
Patience and hard work will conquer all.
Our goose is cooked.
Hard work conquers all.
Proverbs are an ornamentation of speech.
Faster, higher, stronger.
The pie is delicious.
I love apples.
If you bite me, then I'll bite you, too.
The Chinese people are exceptionally hardworking.
I'm sure that he's happy.
Mostly likely, he's come back from the workshop.
My father doesn't eat fruit that much.
Starting tomorrow, it's going to snow for a week.
I'm studying at the University of Hyogo.
He still hasn't answered my letter.
Don't come in.
From time to time, he goes to Tokyo on business.
She adores cakes.
She fell in love with the new teacher.
My train left at and arrived in New York at 10.
Follow me into the room.
I'm sorry. I came late.
Oh, so you're at the barbershop!
This family gave me a warm welcome.
If you ask her too directly whether she has a friend, she will become suspicious and answer: "Why did you ask me that?"
I lost the watch that my father gave me.
Cats have nine lives.
No country on earth is safe in this nuclear age.
You're speaking my language.
I paid about bucks.
I paid about dollars.
It's difficult to give an objective definition of terrorism, as it is practically different in every country.
Many lost their homes after the earthquake.
I was in the train for twelve hours.
He is the best among us.
I get on pretty well with my new classmates.
The tea is really bitter and doesn't taste good.
Make sure to drink the medicine before you go to bed.
Goodbye. See you tomorrow.
Do you have the schedule?
I bought some cheese and milk.
Good luck with your work!
She came!
I'm afraid of spiders.
What are you getting at?
It's hard to fall asleep on stormy summer nights.
You don't know what it is you've got until it's gone.
What would I do without you?
She was at a loss what to do.
She drives me totally insane.
She totally drives me nuts.
You can't put a "thank you" inside your pocket.
Her actions were in vain.
One hand washes the other.
A chain fails at its weakest link.
This is a common error.
My sister is a clutz, and that's her drawback.
You need to call the police immediately.
Lenses with two distinct optical powers are also called "bifocals".
Spring follows winter.
You'll get there on time if you make the train.
There are no mistakes in your composition.
The CD on the table is mine.
My father is free on Saturday.
Your name is first on the list.
Lock the windows before going to bed.
All right. I'll translate another fifteen sentences in German, and then leave.
He placed his hand on my shoulder.
He's her friend.
There's a lot of gaps in my knowledge of math.
There's a yellow rose there.
A big thanks for your help.
We'd like a table in the non-smoking section.
You really believe in ghosts?
He answered by saying that he could swim well.
My goal is to become a doctor.
My father will be forty soon.
She always gets up early.
They don't use the table and chairs.
I'm simply amazed by you.
Slowly, the leaves are falling.
He's a famous artist.
I want a good dictionary.
I have two daughters.
He's got a joker.
She's not the same age as Mary.
Ah, so that's how you milk a cow?
Don't walk so quickly. I can't keep up.
I take the bus to school.
I'm going to need your help.
The heating doesn't work.
The phone doesn't work right now.
I think that he wants to buy a new dictionary.
This boy is his brother.
The pollution worsens with each year.
Romans did not wish for the fall of their empire, but it happened.
I hope that none of them got into an accident.
Why are people going to the movies?
She wept the entire night.
Tom speaks Spanish, and so does Betty.
Happy birthday!
All the students were against the war.
Compare the facts.
They had stickers on their cars reading: "First Iraq then France".
The coalition of the willing.
Why don't we play tennis on Sunday?
It's dark, so watch your step.
The responsibility is mine.
He acts according to my advice.
I know an English language instructor who comes from Canada.
I am a boy.
Why did he do that?
I went swimming after I woke up.
He threw a stone into the lake.
She put on her bonnet.
Yesterday I bought a book.
When he is angry, he always cries to me.
Tomorrow I must leave earlier.
He goes for a walk one day every month.
I play violin.
It was built more than years ago.
Today is June 18th, the birthday of Muiriel!
Here are our books.
I don't like any of these pictures.
The following day he was found dead in the bedroom.
I can't hold it anymore.
It's important to read many books in one's life.
That's the opinion of a dilettante.
She presented the lady to me.
He returned from Canada.
The concert was successful.
What's this street called?
I admire his courage.
It rained yesterday evening.
Will he come tomorrow?
We hoped that she would win.
I have to learn Japanese.
I will make a man out of you.
Love is blind.
I played with the champion.
You will be able to buy this only there.
The French flag is blue, white, and red.
I live in Kobe.
Did you read an interesting book?
He really pissed me off.
He really ticked me off.
He really got to me.
Tom got out of bed every morning at am.
This room is used as a kitchen.
Blood ran from the wound.
He came in through the window.
Does it snow a lot here in the winter?
I have a glass eye.
It's obvious that he's right.
He is able to swim quickly.
The police followed him to Paris.
How many students are there in your class?
I use the internet for business.
He said the truth.
I ordered two hamburgers.
Pardon me, is that seat taken?
Not a single star could be seen in the sky.
When I got out of bed this morning, I had a headache.
This person isn't very quick when it comes to making friends.
I have a coat, but I don't have a hat.
It's what he painted.
I will teach you how to play chess.
Sorry, would you happen to have a light?
You should have been more careful of your health.
What do you want to have?
He neglects his studies.
I'm waiting for your assistance.
I'm waiting for your help.
In my opinion, this is quite unsuitable.
My dream is to live peacefully in the village.
You're really revolting!
You're really loathsome!
He agreed with those unhappy people.
He was the first to help him.
He was the first to help her.
Yesterday I helped the father.
Here is Japan.
Where is the tea with milk?
I brush my teeth after eating.
Who am I, according to you?
Before TV cameras, they emptied bottles of Bordeaux wine into the gutter - crying out slogans against the France that had rejected the war in Iraq.
Whose ever bread one eats, his language one speaks.
Is he done using the telephone?
The problem is that solar energy is too expensive.
One hour of thoughtlessness can cause years of tears.
After Saturday comes Sunday.
Sunday follows Saturday.
You can call me at whatever time you want.
You can call me at any time you like.
This book is about stars.
They showed the scene in slow motion.
The train on which he left goes to Tokyo Station.
It was raining into the bargain.
I recognize that what he says is the truth.
I missed my train.
She spotted him from above as he went through the crowd.
I'm having lunch with my sister right now.
I can't allow myself to buy a new car.
They provided food for the war victims.
Why is Mary going with him to the picnic?
I believe that there's a mistake.
Many stars shine in the sky.
I don't have money, but I have dreams.
Set the time on the alarm.
Life is a dream.
Don't touch the button.
I have three times more money than you do.
He teaches Arabic.
He is short but strong.
I am sorry to hear that.
Go to sleep.
One is able to see the total parm from the restaurant.
Did you do your tasks?
It is kilometers to Paris.
One can't visit Rome in one day.
He darkened the room.
I came.
Aoi is a good dancer.
I like your way of smiling.
Before that I played with my sister in the park.
Cover the macaroni fully with water.
Which hat is yours?
Add the shredded carrot to the stuffing.
I'll go there at 10.
I will go at 10.
I would go at 10.
So you don't understand this sentence?
She was fine before lunch, but felt bad afterwards.
Place them on the baking sheet, then glaze them with egg yolk.
We walked on the dune.
It's not a big deal.
The following people were put to the test.
Could I please use your phone?
What an idiot I was to lend her money.
What an idiot I was to lend him money.
Don't drive under the influence.
Don't drink and drive.
And I'm in Lvov now!
That there isn't an orange either.
Make balls centimeters in diameter and place them on a sheet of buttered aluminum foil.
We scaled up Mount Fuji last year.
Here's a yellow rose.
His socks are gray.
My father is on an international trip.
My friends dropped by to see me the day before yesterday.
My friends dropped by to see me the other day.
Please come see me tomorrow.
Life is boring in a small village.
He'll arrive within an hour.
He's rich. You should try it.
It's clear that he's rich.
I used to play tennis.
I was playing tennis.
I'm a diabetic.
He should have been an actor.
Many pretty flowers bloom in the spring.
This plan should be carried out.
Maybe it'll snow.
Many lost their homes in the earthquake.
Many lost their homes during the earthquake.
She got married without her parents knowing it.
We often eat raw fish.
Ken plays football every day.
I am certain that he will pass the exam.
Most people who eat with a fork live in Europe, North America, and South America; people who eat with chop sticks live in Africa, the Near East, Indonesia, and India.
I don't want meat.
I paid five dollars for this book.
You see, the first of the students is my father.
Do you have a foreign beer?
Leaving the restroom we must wash our hands!
He laughed for no reason.
He speaks as if he were rich.
These cities have similar traffic rules.
The school year begins on the 10th of April.
I opened the box — it was empty.
The students are on vacation.
She does not like green peppers.
We said "Thanks for the meal" to the cook.
Don't blow in a beehive.
I would like to meet his father.
No one came to help me.
He is going to tell me his story.
I am not able to say anything otherwise.
There is no reason for me not doing something.
Few people have two cars.
Kate stayed in Izu for the weekend.
A million people lost their live during the war.
I am prepared for the worst.
I prefer going by foot to bicycling.
Who cared for the dog when you were away?
Can you sit in the Lotus position?
He rubs the stain with vinegar.
He is not capable of buying a car and certainly not a house.
Why did you go to Japan?
I am proud of my shoes.
I left Africa forever.
Awaiting your quick response . . .
I have two brothers and a sister.
Otto Lilienthal was a German engineer and entrepreneur.
The number of students in this class is limited to 15.
The youth of our land are not interested in politics.
That is water from the mill.
I go monthly to the hairdresser.
My pencil fell from the edge of my table.
She gave me a beautiful clock, but I lost it.
He thanked me for the gift.
The situation is such that I am never again able to see you here.
She is only two years old but is able to count to 100.
Great thanks for a lovely night.
Yesterday my sister went to Kobe.
Don't open your book.
I invited my neighbor to breakfast.
The water is tasty.
We will go to watch TV.
According to his opinion, yes.
They love that song.
He cared for the baby.
Do these insects sting?
Those who search, find.
She likes to walk alone.
On the edge of the cliff bloom the most beautiful flowers.
Please hang your coat in the anteroom.
She became engaged to the rich man.
My dad is not home at the moment.
He is photogenic.
In other words, he is a lazy person.
The train arrived on time to Kyoto.
She gave him a clock.
She almost froze to death in the snow.
I regret that I am going away.
Perry became used to the loud deliberations.
The climate is changing.
Ruby on Rails is an agile development platform, which means we can respond to feedback from our customers very quickly.
He's rich. You should give him a try.
How much for this carpet?
This snake is not venomous.
You arrive soon, don't you?
My father has a lot of books.
It is an interesting information.
Excuse me, what is the shortest way to go to the station?
You have to leave.
We will terrorize the terrorists.
Our first lesson is math.
As it is for one, so it is for me.
Afterwards, I did not speak with them.
Iron is a very useful metal.
Our cow does not give milk to us.
One does not buy happiness.
He strongly cried out asking for help.
It was really windy.
I was shocked about John's death.
I no longer love him.
Leave me in peace!
I heard an unusual noise.
He is preparing for the test.
I was truly perplexed.
Why is Mary going for a picnic with him?
I often spend my free time listening to music.
I did it myself.
You do not have a fever.
His room's a mess.
Plato is my friend, but the truth is worth more to me.
This shredder features a very high throughput rate.
I decided to tell her that I love her.
The people here are good.
I studied in Boston from to 2007.
I have three dogs. One is male and the other two are female.
I had an idea.
There's a little bit of water in the glass.
This device produces electricity.
I already have an envelope.
He always comes here at this time.
This idea has never entered my head before.
We looked for the puppy, but it was in vain.
The Earth is like a ball with a large magnet inside.
He visited Nara on a bus.
I would like to have a cup of coffee.
She told me that she wanted a pet dog.
He doesn't know how to play the piano.
I am convinced of his innocence.
How do you know?
These books belong to me.
It looks like she's got a lot of friends.
It looks like she has a lot of friends.
They used math to calculate the shape of the universe immediately before and after the Big Bang.
The ship will arrive in San Francisco this evening.
This is an interesting book to read.
I don't remember what happened anymore.
She ran to Shinjuku.
He lost all of his money.
These shoes are too big for me.
Don't stick your nose where it doesn't belong.
Who broke the vase?
One has to protect his family.
You work too much.
You will have to work a lot.
You will have to study a lot.
Beautiful weather, isn't it?
We went to the museum last week.
I walked an entire ten miles.
There was a lot of wind.
To the Hilton Hotel, please.
The days are getting longer.
Yes, I love this.
The Statue of Liberty is the symbol of America.
I met him while going back home.
He had an oral exam.
Many men died at sea.
Is Mrs. Smith an English teacher?
Jump as high as you can.
He's a tennis player.
This book will be very useful to us.
He works in the car industry.
You like English, don't you?
This music was composed by Bach.
My grandfather loves to read.
The fast and effective solution for finding the job of your dreams!
Easily find the best prices for your train trip.
Want to leave at the last minute?
Hurry up, the summer is almost over...
Discover all the services and advantages of first class.
They forced her to confess.
After the death of her parents, her grandparents took to her education.
After the death of his parents, his grandparents took to his education.
People like him because of his friendliness.
This hotel is situated on a hill.
The Japanese take off their shoes when entering a house.
It cost him yen to have his hair cut.
I don't know what to do.
My clock needs to be fixed.
Before, he would go to the firm on foot.
It'll cost over a thousand yen.
Feeling tired from walking in the countryside, he took a nap.
I don't know what will pass.
Many soldiers suffered terrible wounds in the battle.
She warned the children not to play on the street.
How many days do you plan to stay?
The problem is that that circuit is in series.
Have you thought of checking the oil level?
You really ought to change your spark plugs.
My screw gun is making weird noises.
I give in.
A handyman who possesses a chainsaw is not a handyman, but a terrorist.
I was looking to kill time.
I am very grateful to you for your advice.
I think, therefore I am.
There's a lot of wind this morning, isn't there?
My neighbor renovated her house completely.
My neighbor renovated his house completely.
The immobiliser light is on.
I have two three-phase power generators in my cellar.
He doesn't tan.
Well, at least let me set up the table.
He tries to stop smoking.
I'm just going out for a bit.
The Japanese fishing fleet catches more than whales per year on the pretext of scientific research.
I need to shave.
You can't fill your stomach with the food left on your beard.
It is pointless to chase after small gains.
He's got a thick beard.
Even goats have beards.
The son I have in Aksu is very brave!
I won't bother you.
Shit happens.
Wow, it's hot today.
Wow, it's pretty cold today.
This is a friend of mine.
Is this place far from the bank?
What time is it now?
I don't have a washing machine at home, and so I have to go to the washing room in order to do the laundry.
This question is not easy.
Show me what's in your pocket.
Trier is the oldest city in Germany.
A burnt child dreads fire.
Whatever you say, she is the one I'm going to marry.
She's not a doctor.
The smoke alarm has never been maintained.
He is guilty of theft.
What are you interested in?
He fell into the ditch.
Would you mind if I came along?
Got it?
Enough, I said.
There'll be a problem.
I think that they're a lot of fun.
My father was about to leave when the phone rang.
Don't say such ill-omened things.
Odd, isn't it? We should have already arrived.
I will call a policeman.
I will call in order to confirm it.
I will show you some.
I will transfer the money.
I wish you the same.
I won't be able to finish it unless I receive your help.
I won't be your friend as long as you treat me like that.
I won't eat breakfast today.
I work for three hours every Saturday morning.
I work here. I'm no guest.
I work in a hospital.
I work in the morning.
I would like a bottle of cough mixture.
I would like an air-conditioned room.
I would like chicken soup.
I would like to buy a present for my wife. I thought about a scarf.
I would like to hire a car.
I would like fruit juice.
I would like marinated fish and seafood.
I would like some envelopes.
I would like some information about museums.
I would like to call.
I would like to exchange money.
I would like to exchange this shirt that I bought yesterday.
I would like to pay with cash. Is breakfast included in the price?
I would like to see a house meters from here.
I would like to work with your company.
I would love to drive the car but I'm only 14.
I wouldn't like to live there.
I write Chinese.
I write in the morning and at night.
I'd like to buy a map.
I'm expecting someone.
I'm lost.
I'm out of here.
I've been living in San Salvador for six years.
I'd like to buy menu of the day.
I'd like to go out with her.
I'd like to insure my luggage.
I'd like to introduce some friends of mine.
I'd like to introduce my good friend Luis.
I'll be right with you.
I'll charge you pesetas to repair the zip on these jeans.
It'll cost you 2,pesetas.
I'll give you the ice cream after you eat all the carrots.
I'll only be staying a few days.
I'll ring back at midday.
I'll see you today, at around twelve.
I'll stand, thank you!
I'll take this: I like the colour.
I'll wait for you downstairs.
I'll write to you or I'll phone you next week.
I'm against that resolution.
I'm appalled at how badly those children behave.
I'm beginning to see that it's going to be impossible.
I'm confused. What do I do now?
I'm doing the cooking.
I'm going into the 6th form.
I'm going shopping this afternoon, although I don't have much money.
I'm going to have a siesta.
I'm going to leave school.
I'm going to stay at home tonight.
I'm going to study biology and Spanish.
I'm going to work as a builder with my father.
I'm on a hockey team.
I'm in love with you and I want to marry you.
I'm in the bathroom because I'm washing my hands.
I'm looking for a book about medieval Spain.
I'm not bothered.
I'm not free.
I'm on the N634, five kilometers from Llanes.
I'm so tired that I can't go on.
I'm sorry, I haven't any left.
I'm sorry, we don't have films for your camera.
I'm useless at French.
I've been waiting for you for hours.
I've got a reservation.
I've lost my bag.
I'm buying fruit and chocolate.
I'm buying meat and vegetables.
I'm cold.
I'm drinking water because I'm thirsty.
I'm hot.
I'm wearing a sweater because I'm cold.
If I go to the party, I'll take some bottles of wine.
If she expects them to give her five days off work with pay, she's going to be disappointed.
If the pain continues you have to go to the doctor.
If we have money problems we can always dip into our savings.
If you hurry, you can grant your luggage and get into the plane.
If you keep on drinking like that, you'll be drunk very soon.
If you need anything, ask the chambermaid.
If you pay for my ticket then we will be quits.
If you want to be slim, follow this diet.
In many places blind persons sell lottery tickets.
In my house it's my mother who's the boss.
In one month there are four weeks.
In one week there are seven days.
In one year there are twelve months.
In order to improve the environment.
In Spain they serve lunch at about two o'clock.
I usually study math in the evening.
In the morning, I write in the park.
In the summer I wear short-sleeved shirts.
In the summer it's very hot in southern Spain.
In this case, euro please.
What denominations would you like?
Is dinner ready?
Is everything arranged for tomorrow?
Is flight on time?
Is it always so awful in April?
Is it certain that he will come tomorrow?
Is it cloudy?
Is it correct to say it like this?
Is it foggy?
Is it hot?
Is it on this side of the street?
Is it rainy?
Is it snowy?
Is it windy?
It is midday. The men are eating lunch.
Is that covered by my insurance?
Is that OK now?
Is that the train I have to take?
Is the beach near this area?
Is the museum of art around here?
Is there a cash machine near here?
Is there a company board?
Is there a fee?
Is there a shop at this zoo?
Is there a shorter road to get there?
Is there a subway station around?
Is there an aquarium at this zoo?
Is there any post for me?
Is there any souvenir shop around here?
Is there bus service to the airport?
Is there much snow here in the winter?
Is this a public or private company?
Is this an original piece?
Is this the direct way to the Prado?
It comes as two courses.
It depends on the weather.
It doesn't matter what I say, she always contradicts me.
It has been two years since I studied medicine.
It has to be ready by the fifteenth.
It hasn't been painted yet.
It hurts here.
It is 7:30.
It is 7:45.
It is bad weather.
It is dusty.
It is easy to learn a foreign language.
It is far away from here.
It is foggy.
It is forbidden to throw things out of the window.
It is in front of the monument.
It is a lounge.
It is morning. The children are eating breakfast.
It is my bedroom.
It is night. The family is eating dinner.
It is not for beginners.
It is not known who has the authority in this matter.
It is not what I ordered.
It is too late.
It is very expensive.
It is very near.
It is very pleasant to cross the ocean by ship.
It is warm.
It isn't easy to learn a foreign language.
It looks lovely after having been painted red.
It revolts me.
It seems like an interesting job. What do you exactly do?
It seems that you are very happy today.
It took me hours to finish the essay.
It was just a passing infatuation.
It was love at first sight.
It was raining when I took the bus.
It was snowing when I woke up.
It was very cold yesterday evening.
It was very foggy.
It was very windy.
It will be cloudy.
It will be cold and the sky will be overcast.
It's 3:30.
It's ten to nine.
It's early.
It's midnight.
It's a bit further way.
It's a good idea to drink bottled water.
It's a good idea to study the language and culture of the country you're going to visit.
It's a large brick building.
It's a spectacle you won't forget.
It's a very delicate matter.
It's a very strange case.
It's about to rain.
It's big!
It's cold today!
It's delicious!
It's down that street, on the left.
It's free for European Union citizens.
It's funny you should say that.
It's good for your health to walk every day.
It's hailing.
It's hard to get a taxi outside the station.
It's incredible.
It's late already. Hurry up!
It's more comfortable here inside.
It's necessary to go through customs on arriving.
It's not difficult if you study.
It's not necessary to write a long letter.
It's not practical.
It's on the next corner.
It's raining.
It's spring.
It's strange that nobody knows us.
It's the 28th of May.
It's too far away.
It's too late to back out now.
It's two blocks from here.
It's very near. Its a five minute walk.
It's well worth it.
It's worthwhile to visit both places.
It's worthwhile visiting the old castles.
It's wrong of you not to forgive him.
Italy is far from Brazil.
Japan is close to China.
Juan is getting dressed.
Judging by what I've heard.
Julio is never in style.
Keep clear.
Keep to the right.
Kiss my ass.
Ladies and gentlemen, please sit down.
Ladies use fans when it is hot.
Last night I arrived late.
Last year April was the warmest month.
Lessons begin at and end at 4.
Let me check. How many tickets do you want?
Let me explain why I arrived late.
Let's have another.
Let's all get drunk tonight.
Let's go shopping downtown.
Let's have a game of tennis.
Line up for lunch.
Listen to what the teacher says.
Look at the plan: it's next to the library.
Look into my eyes.
Lots of love, John.
Love John.
Love songs move me.
My room key, please.
Madrid is one of the most beautiful capitals in Europe.
Madrid is the capital of Spain.
Make a circle and hold hands.
Make a circle on the floor.
Many inhabitants of the United States speak Spanish.
Many museums are closed on Mondays.
Many new factories have opened.
Many offices of the municipal government are in the town hall.
Many ports are in the east.
Many rich people live in this neighborhood.
Many stores offer discounts in the month of August.
Maria is sad today.
May I call on you again?
May I change this for a salad?
May I come in?
May I help you?
May I leave a message?
May I leave my phone number?
May I park here for a while?
May I present Mr Hummer.
May I smoke?
May I speak to Pedro?
May I stop at Seville on the way?
May I take a photo?
May I take a snapshot of you?
May I try on this dress?
May I use your telephone?
May it go well for you.
Maybe she wasn't talking about you.
Maybe the red one? It is cheaper.
Me neither.
The meat was overfried.
Mom is washing the dog because he's dirty.
Most people agree.
Much love to the children.
Must I open everything?
Must I stay in bed?
My mailing address is Broadway.
My birthday is November 10th.
My bottle broke.
My brother has nothing.
My brother prefers windsurfing.
My car has broken down.
My children are a blessing.
I can't stand my crazy life.
My favorite dance is the tango.
My favorite team lost yesterday.
My friend feels very ill.
My head hurts.
My ladder is not broken.
My last name is Jones.
My luggage is in the boot.
My mind went blank.
My mobile has been stolen.
My mother is a teacher.
My mother only had two children at the time.
My mouth is numbed.
My name is Henry.
My name is Noelia, and you are?
My new dress is red.
My old dress is blue.
My older brother is practicing judo. He is very good.
My parents are divorced.
My parents are from China.
My parents don't speak English.
My parents don't understand me.
My shoes are brown.
My sister is centimetres taller than I am.
My suit is gray.
My sweater is purple.
My teacher is Mr. Haddad.
My teacher is Mrs. Li.
My television is broken.
My tie is orange.
My tooth hurts.
My toy is broken.
My watch must be slow.
My wife prepares very good meals in this kitchen.
My wisdom tooth hurts.
The next flight is at 10:00.
Nevertheless, I want to go there.
Newspapers are sold in the kiosk.
The bank is next to the post office.
I gave my mother flowers on Mother's Day.
No, not me. It's my younger brother.
No, thanks. I am tired.
No, usually I watch them at home on TV.
No. I want to pay in cash.
No. They are too small.
None of the balls are yellow.
None of the children are sitting.
None of the flowers are plastic.
Not too spicy.
Not too sweet.
Not until tomorrow afternoon.
Nothing more, thanks.
Oh my gosh. I will be late for lessons.
Oh, now I understand.
Old people walk slowly.
On hearing that, he knitted his brow.
On hearing the news, she fainted.
On the contrary, I've never said such a thing.
Once a day...
One day was degrees.
One good turn deserves another.
Open the window and you'll have fresh air.
Opposite the park there is a beautiful river.
Opposite there is a six-story building.
Orchestra is playing out of tune.
Our friendship will last a long time.
Our hotel is on the next street.
Our house is your house.
Our plan won't get anywhere.
Our shirts are all the same color but are all different sizes.
Our visit has been very pleasant.
Our visit was wonderful.
Our visitors are at the door.
Our visitors are sitting in the living room.
Our work never ends.
Ow, the coffee is very hot!
Pablo and María were here.
She bought some paper that she could use for writing letters.
Pardon me, do you speak English?
Patricia approached the house.
People dine very late in Spain.
Pinochet remains in hospital due to heart problems.
Please be seated.
Please bill me.
Please call a doctor!
Please call a taxi for me.
Please call me at nine AM.
Please close the door when you leave.
Please do not touch.
Please don't touch.
Please let me know when I should get off.
Please make out my bill as soon as possible?
Please show me the way to the business section.
Please speak more slowly.
Please take a message for me.
Please write it down.
Please, how can I get to the center?
Pleased to meet you.
Pleasure to meet you.
The second combination plate contains meat.
Probably you are allergic to pollen or dust.
Push the door carefully.
Put everything in a taxi.
Raise your hand.
Read the advertisement section if you're looking for a job.
Romeo marries Juliet.
Room service, please.
See what's going on outside.
See you soon.
Shall we go and eat?
Shall we go out?
Sharpen your pencil.
She backed out at the last moment.
She became pregnant.
She brushes the horse.
She burst into tears.
She didn't give me my money back.
She gave her father a tie.
She glanced around.
She has a dirty face.
She has a few books.
She has a little bread.
She has a very pretty face.
She has dry hair.
She has even more books.
She has more books.
She has sunglasses.
She has the hands on the window.
She has the measles.
She has her toes in the water.
She has wet hair.
She is buying a cake in the bakery.
She is buying books in the bookstore.
She is buying jewelry in a jewelry store.
She is called Mei. She is cooking in the kitchen.
She is from France.
She is in the bathroom.
She is preparing to the Olympic Games this year.
She is running outdoors.
She is the woman to whom I gave the gift.
She left him for another man.
She likes to read.
She likes to run.
She lives in New York.
She lost her purse.
Now that I'm here, the problem is as good as solved.
This ring is a magic item that gives great power to its user.
Taking a bath in this lake is not without risk.
From this moment on, Muiriel is years old.
The tracks run parallel to the road.
I am more than grateful for you help.
I would like for him to write more often.
He can be proud of his father.
He can be proud of her father.
Are you coming down?
At that time, she was busy with some sort of work.
I wished him a good night.
I wished her a good night.
I wish him a good night.
I wish her a good night.
Please, I ask that you stay calm.
Please, I ask that you be calm.
You don't realize how lucky you are.
Ah, if all of us could speak all languages!
There is no such thing as a naïve fox, nor a man without faults.
A naïve fox does not exist. Likewise, there is no such thing as a man without faults.
Oh crap, it's past the consume-by date. That's why you threw up!
You can download the instruction manual for the heat exchanger here.
"You can know anything instantly ... if you Google it." "Google?"
I never heard him lie.
He has a good chance of getting elected.
His chances of being elected are good.
They don't have the slightest knowledge of geography.
We were climbing up the steep mountain.
Have you had dinner already?
She's there already?
This is her house.
This is his house.
It is perfectly natural for him to be proud of his son.
It is perfectly natural for him to be proud of her son.
They don't go well together.
Japan has changed significantly in the past years.
What brand and what color is the director's car?
But why?
The two sisters lived very peacefully.
This child's mother is an announcer.
I think it's you who should apologize to her.
There are no clean plates.
Your face is black. Did you come from a coal mine?
Hungry?
Do you come here every day?
Harvard was founded in 1636.
There are many red flowers in the garden.
Tomorrow, a meeting will be held.
The new year will begin.
I trust you.
Gold golems are guardians used to guard treasure.
I'm staying at this hotel.
You have two older brothers.
You have two younger brothers.
He has western books the like of which you can't get in Japan.
He has foreign books of a kind you can't find in Japan.
I worked a lot today.
I have no friends to whom I could speak about such matters.
I intend this money be used for when you study abroad.
The aim of this game is to explode all the bombs on the screen.
He was covered in mud from head to foot.
Once, when I was in primary school, a kid was being bullied and it bothered me so much that I exploded with anger.
She will not forget listening to the sad tune.
We tend to make mistakes.
I don't have time.
I always thought that having a heart attack was the way nature told you to die.
Never use a cannon to kill a fly.
What tea do you drink? Is lemon tea okay?
You know, I came across him in the street the other day, we stopped to chat.
English is not easy, but it is interesting.
Well, take it.
It's mine, not his.
So which way is it to the People's Park?
If you're happy to, have some.
Everything's about you, so I'm not going!
I'm really sorry!
I lost my trust in him.
It doesn't go with the room at all, but I got it for free so it's all good!
It's ugly, bright yellow and it doesn't go with anything. But at least you won't get run over in the dark!
Not everything on the web can be found through Google.
George Bush went on a vacation with his wife.
Maurice Ravel had a nice bike.
This penthouse is spacious.
He was accused of squandering public funds.
You have such beautiful, hazel eyes.
I wasn't fired. I quit.
There's a storm coming.
There are many people like this in the world. Normally, they're not brave. After getting drunk, they turn brave.
Venice is a city on water.
Is this jasmine tea?
There's room inside.
Any act whatever of a man, which causes damage to another, obliges the one by whose fault it occurred to compensate it.
You want more information about our activities? Subscribe to our newsletter.
Give water to the thirsty and food to the hungry.
Don't underestimate us.
Don't underestimate me.
Pomegranate seeds are relatively big.
We like playing soccer.
The Japanese archipelago is struck by a terrible heat wave.
Sports are good for your health.
Too many cooks spoil the broth.
The flowers have all withered.
I dunno if it's a bug or what, but this software doesn't work right.
The various modes of worship which prevailed in the Roman world were all considered by the people as equally true; by the philosopher as equally false; and by the magistrate as equally useful. And thus toleration produced not only mutual indulgence, but even religious concord.
Call me immediately after you meet him.
My favorite color is red.
An old man sat next to me on the bus.
Do you think that fish can hear?
I tied my dog to a tree in the garden.
According to the newspaper there was an earthquake in Mexico.
Evidently her mother started screaming.
Turn up the radio a little bit.
Please don't make much noise.
He cried: "Help!"
According to her, he will not go.
Something is better than nothing.
When will Mr. Suzuki be leaving Japan?
She seems to have no interest in soccer.
The noise was quickly brought under control.
You are not able to swim, are you?
I lost my key.
The doctor prescribed medicine for the patient.
The city is found west of London.
Maybe I am unhappy, but I don't intend to kill myself.
Only for grownups.
That he would be able to do.
You will soon get used to Japanese food.
Because of the accident I went too late to school.
Leaving the train station, I saw a man.
Take some aspirin.
I am hungry because I did not have breakfast.
We are definitely leaving this country.
Heaven and hell exist only in the human heart.
There is but one alternative.
He looked at historically famous locations.
Culture destroys languages.
Dumb as a block of wood.
One who knows no love knows no unhappiness.
That we are not able to do.
Good night, Timmy!
It was hard for me to act pleasantly to others.
It's so hot outside, you could fry an egg.
Tatoeba is addictive.
I must be out of my mind.
I must be seeing things.
Crazy!
The water's warm enough for a swim.
Every day, it's getting hotter and hotter.
Time for a hot bath, and then it's bedtime.
The geyser goes off with hot water every two hours.
Joan of Arc refused to attribute the voices she could hear to anything other than the Word of the Lord.
Jane ended up not buying it.
English and German are two related languages.
Mathematicians have this in common with the French: whatever you're trying to say to them, they take it and translate it in their own way and turn it around into something completely different.
Slip of the tongue.
My native language is Japanese.
It's fun to learn a foreign language.
English is a hard language to learn.
The whole world speaks English.
English has a lot of idiomatic expressions to offer.
Your mom speaks six languages — that's nuts.
This shows that English isn't just for the British anymore.
The Norman victory over England had a big impact on the English language.
French is his mother tongue.
The dictionary is an invaluable tool for learning languages.
The spoken word is the source of all evil.
Meg has a knack for languages.
For the first time in his life, Yuka finished reading an entire book in English.
Stick out your tongue.
Our native language is Japanese.
He can speak five languages.
He picked up a mirror and looked at his tongue.
Watch your mouth or you'll get it.
It's hard to learn a foreign language.
Get it? You've got to study a foreign language.
I want some pork rinds.
Music is the universal language.
I'd never been to that city before, and even worse, I couldn't speak a word of the language.
It's one thing to speak a language; teaching it is a whole new ball game.
How on earth can you speak that language?
The words themselves are on the tip of my tongue, but I just can't say it.
What language is spoken in Mexico?
What language do they speak in Mexico?
You can't be afraid to make mistakes when learning a foreign language.
What do they speak in America?
He learned Chinese so fast, everyone says he's very smart, that he really has a gift with languages.
He doesn't speak a single word of French, but on the other hand, he speaks English like he was born into it.
He can't say one word of French, but then again he speaks English like a native.
Sweden has its own language.
It's not easy to translate a poem in a foreign language.
In Australia, they speak English.
Speaking of foreign languages, do you speak French?
Think before you speak.
You really ought to think before you open your mouth, you'd avoid a lot of misunderstandings that way.
There are very few websites in native Tartar online.
It's hard to speak three languages.
When traveling abroad, it's helpful to learn at least a few chance words and phrases of your destination.
English is not my first language.
This book is intended for students who do not speak Japanese as a native language.
You don't live in a country; you live in a language. Your homeland, that's that and nothing else.
We don't live in countries, we live in our languages. That is your home, there and nowhere else.
We guarantee the lowest price in language academies in the province of Québec.
Most Swiss citizens speak two or three languages.
Sadako wanted to say more, but her lips just didn't want to move anymore.
Sadako wanted to add more, but her mouth just didn't want to open enough to make the words anymore.
The bird's cry broke the silence of the woods.
With the first election of a woman into the seat of chancellor, the feminine complement of the word, "chancelière," was chosen as the Word of the Year in by the Academy of German Language.
My puppy died, and I'm terribly upset.
The bullet train came roaring past.
With the first election of a woman into the seat of Chancellorship, the word "Bundeskanzlerin," as a feminine noun for the title, was voted Word of the Year in by the Academy of German Language.
Jorge can speak four languages.
Many languages borrow from English words.
Greek is not an easy language.
What language do they speak in your country?
All languages being equal, English is the most equal of all.
I concede the argument.
I have nothing else worth saying.
English is a Germanic language.
English and German share a common ancestor.
English is a sister language of German.
Refusing linguistic injustice doesn't make you a paranoid schizophrenic.
Saying no to unequal language rights isn't the same thing as paranoia.
I'm not interested in modern art.
I just don't get modern sculpture.
His house is very modern.
He majored in modern French literature.
He knows about the modern history of France.
It took a lot of time to get up to date in modern medicine.
When he was young, he was a hard worker.
It took a while to make headway in modern medicine.
When she was young, she was very popular.
The two of them transformed chemistry into a modern science.
The furniture in this office is really modern.
According to what they say, that boy is very good at singing.
Of course, he is right.
Being lucky, he was in time for the train.
I was very happy when I heard that news.
The roses in the garden are blooming.
His office is convenient for the station.
Has he failed again?
Jessie accepted the invitation at once.
Jessie does not speak of these things openly.
Jessie gave orders that Alex was to be treated well.
Jessie sat at the far end of the table.
Jessie shook Joseph's hand and greeted him with affection.
Jessie spoke bad French and worse German.
Jessie stared at Jordan in dead silence.
Jessie stood at Charles's side talking into his ear.
Jessie strolled along beside the cart.
Jessie urged the little donkey forward.
The men looked at Jessie in silence.
We ought to send Jordan to the hospital.
I want to tell you something strange.
This place isn't convenient for public transportation.
It doesn't bode well!
Quitting one's job in a big way is cathartic but is it the right thing to do?
How do you know that the patient is not feigning illness?
Is it a good idea to hire former hackers to work as security professionals?
In case of fire, do not use the lift.
Mind your head.
He is one of my neighbors.
Don't drive under the influence of drink.
We lost no time sending him to the hospital.
We have lunch about noon.
Soon we'll be able to send you to gaol.
We'll soon be able to send you to jail.
He's Taro's younger brother.
He is Taro's older brother.
Did he propose to you?
Did he say anything about it?
Did he pass the test?
Did he pass the exam?
I usually get up at 6:00.
Do you know his older brother?
Did you know that he bought a condominium?
We took him to the hospital right away.
Did you know he is good at making coffee?
It's been decided that we'll have a meeting a week from today.
I plan to live in the city.
I had no intention of living in a large city from the start.
That's insane! Your mom speaks six languages?
I have no time for reading.
I wasn't on time for school this morning.
His son died last year.
Sorry to bother you.
The globe is similar in shape to an orange.
Let's go if it's not raining.
He also came up with yet another doubtful conclusion.
I planted an apple tree in my yard.
A bad wife turns her husband into a shipwreck.
How does this camera work?
My father is going for a walk in the park.
I'm coming right away.
The job is practically done.
You're almost right.
If you turn on me like that, I won't say another word.
I'm often in trouble.
She complained that it was too hot in the room.
Don't listen to me, I'm just kidding.
Can anyone help me?
To tell you the truth, I lost your pen.
I couldn't stop laughing.
Words express thoughts.
He was at the store.
He has a hard time remembering names.
Do you know why she couldn't come?
Do you know why he skipped class today?
Do you know why she's so angry?
Do you know whether or not she can speak English?
Do you know if she can speak English?
Do you know the town where he was born?
Do you remember what Cathy was wearing at the party?
What did she say?
You can get there by crossing the street at the second intersection.
He must have been on steroids to have run that fast.
He's your senior fellow apprentice.
The storm remitted its fury.
I'm using Twitter.
How can you contribute to our organisation?
Which is more important, economic development or environmental protection?
The email that I sent previously was probably not clear. You don't need to submit anything.
The man all in red was holding a gun.
I like watching Code Lyoko.
I like each of them.
Where is your dog?
This is your dog.
She returned the book to the library.
The people who lived in that country were not able speak out against their leaders.
I screwed up my courage and went there.
He screwed up his courage and proposed to her.
She called him back to give him something he had left behind.
She said that he was handsome.
She returned a book to the library.
His face turned pale to hear the news.
You're an idiot.
He plays tennis very well.
The shop had sold out its stock of that magazine.
Speak clearly and make yourself heard.
I am American.
Those students didn't both pass the test.
I went to see his sister last week.
"What is the weather like over there?" "It's nice."
"Can you do it in a week?" "I think so."
I will be at home when she comes next.
Did she go to that concert?
He's raking it in.
We were sorry to hear the news.
I can't take the heat.
Wait a minute! Hang on!
She loves classical music, whereas I prefer jazz.
She misses her family a lot.
She needs a coat.
She needs glasses but doesn't want them.
She reads after lunch.
She reads Chinese.
She remained behind because she was walking very slowly.
She sells a vintage hat.
She sells flowers.
She sells medicine in the pharmacy.
She sells vegetables.
She speaks Chinese.
She threw her hands up in horror when she saw what he had done.
She wants a purple coat.
She wants but doesn't need it.
She was carrying her baby in her arms.
She was very mad and went to talk with the school manager.
She washes her skirt.
She washes the sweater.
She watches television at night.
She writes Chinese.
She's always slagging me off.
She's found herself a boyfriend.
She's had a hard life.
She's married to a cousin of mine.
She's very ill and has been in bed for a week.
Shit.
Shove a stick up your ass.
Show me where it hurts you.
Shut up!
Sign here, please.
Since I can't be with you, I send you a kiss.
Since you're here, you can help me.
Single or double room?
Smoking is not allowed in the restaurant.
Smoking is not permitted in class.
So what's happening? Shall we see each other tomorrow or not?
So... he has training three hours a day, five days a week.
Soccer is very popular in Spain.
Some new railroad trains go very fast.
Some of you already know me.
Some students aren't going to come back next semester.
Someone stole my belongings.
Sorry for arriving late: I overslept.
Sorry I'm late. I overslept.
Sorry, I don't have any money.
Souvenirs are sold or are for sale.
Spanish is spoken here.
Spanish is spoken in twenty countries.
Stay there.
Suck my dick.
Supper is served at nine-thirty.
Take a seat, please.
Take a taxi. It will arrive in five minutes.
Take care of yourself. Don't get sick.
Take care! It's dangerous to drive drunk.
Take it away, please.
Take me home.
Take off your jacket if you're warm.
Take one four times a day, after meals.
Take the train that's going to Moncloa.
Tea with ice isn't good without sugar.
Tea without ice.
Tell him to call me.
Tell me, briefly, what happened.
Ten paper plates cost one dollar.
Teresa regretted her errors.
Thank God they finally arrived.
Thank you for your help.
Thank you, could I have a little more?
Thanks for the invitation.
Thanks for your hospitality.
That hurts.
That is plastic.
That man is dead.
That one is a migratory species.
That seat is taken.
That tooth hurts.
That was some party, eh?
That's all, thanks.
That's how you do it!
That's enough. I don't want any more.
That's great.
That's where the problem lies.
The fits you better.
The unit phone card.
The admission costs six euros but on Sundays it's free.
The army is in the north to protect the border.
The baby is one day old.
I put my suitcase in the baggage room yesterday, but now it seems to be missing.
The bags to your left are mine.
The bakery is around the corner.
The bakery is on Pino Street.
The bank stays open from eight until two.
The bedrooms are upstairs.
The belt is brown.
The big shirt is brown.
The bill, please.
The black telephone costs more than the white.
The blouse costs twelve libras.
The blouse is clean.
The blue car is antique.
The blue pants cost more than the green ones.
The book costs fifteen dollars.
The books are on the table.
The bookstore is near the park.
The bookstore is open.
The boy doesn't like carrots.
The boy has the greatest amount of fruit.
The boy is listening to music.
The boy is standing in the living room.
The boy is swimming with his friends.
The boy sleeps in the living room.
The boy wants a toy.
The bride and groom kissed when the ceremony ended.
The bridge was built by the Romans.
The brown hat is old.
The brown horse is fast.
The building is old but solid.
The bull is stronger than the bullfighter, but he almost always loses.
The bus has broken down.
The bus stops at the next corner.
The capital of Mexico is the largest city in Latin America.
The car was carrying people when it had the accident.
The carrots cost three dollars.
The cashier will give you the discount.
The cat is twenty days old.
The cat is watching the fish.
The chair is close to the door.
The chair is far from the door.
The checks are paper.
The children are visitors.
The children go to school in the morning.
The cigarette smoke annoyed the other passengers.
The cocido, what's in it?
The coffee is cold.
The coffee is nasty.
The coins are metal.
The colors of the American flag are red, white and blue.
The concert ticket costs more than the cinema ticket.
The cook prepares different dishes every day.
The credit cards are plastic.
The cup is full.
The customer is always right.
The daughter brushes her hair.
The dinner was very good.
The doctor works in a hospital.
The dog wants meat.
The dogs are wet.
The dogs, the cats, and the horses are animals.
The doors were closed.
The dress I like more is black.
The dress shirt is clean and dry.
The dress shirt is dirty.
The duty chemist is open on Sunday morning.
The eagle had to be fed by hand.
The electricity is off at the moment.
The elevator is out of order today.
The employees threatened to go on strike.
The end of the semester will come soon.
The evening meal is served between and 12.
The family is eating breakfast outdoors.
The father took the boy by the hand and helped him across the street.
The father washes his face.
The fire was so intense that the firemen couldn't get into the house.
The first course is soup.
The first one leaves at 17.and arrives at 20.25.
The fish smells bad.
The flowers smell good.
The food and service are excellent.
The girl doesn't like juice.
The girl doesn't like the red shoes.
The girl doesn't like to play soccer.
The girl is reading with her grandfather.
The girl likes horses.
The government is trying to develop new industries.
The gray sweater I like more than the purple.
The hardware store is near the park.
The hat costs less than the coat.
The hat does not fit you well. Is too small.
The history course is interesting.
The horse is far from the house.
The husband and the wife are visiting Beijing.
The husband wakes up his wife.
The jewelry store is open.
The kids are making too much noise.
The last show goes on at eleven.
The lecture on the budget was very interesting.
The lemonade is cold.
The library is closed on Sundays.
The library is to the right.
The life preserver must be made of high quality materials.
The line to the ticket office is very long.
The lost and found section.
The main streets are very wide.
The man and the woman are eating outdoors.
The man and the woman drink tea.
The man awakens the boy.
The man awakens.
The man brushes his teeth.
The man has a little bit of rice.
The man has even less cake.
The man has less cake than his son.
The man has more bread than his wife.
The man is hungry.
The man is sick.
The man is visiting Moscow.
The man likes to play soccer.
The man smells the milk.
The man tries the coffee.
The man wakes up his friend.
The market is next to the pharmacy.
The match was cancelled due to the heavy rain.
The mayor's office is in the city hall.
The meat is not well enough cooked.
The meat's not ready yet.
The men, the women, the boys, and the girls are people.
The metal bowl is expensive.
Milk is nasty.
The money is on the table.
The moon is shining.
The more bitch that had you born a thousand times.
The mother wakes up her daughter.
The motor overheats.
The new girl? I don't know her.
The new highways are magnificent.
The old woman is a doctor.
The older boys are playing a game.
The older girl is visiting at her friend's.
The paper bowl is cheap.
The parents are listening.
The parents are playing a game with their children.
The pencils have already been bought.
The people from Colombia speak Spanish.
The periodical costs less than the book.
The person from Egypt speaks Arabic.
The pharmacy is near the hospital.
The pharmacy is on Fresno Street.
The pink pillow is clean.
The planes flew over the village.
The plastic chair costs four libras.
The plastic chair is cheap.
The police took the criminal away to the police station.
The post has to be collected.
The Prado has the best paintings by Velázquez and Goya.
The Prado Museum is closed because today is Monday.
The present government has many problems.
The price is too high.
The project was a loser from the start.
The purple bicycle costs less than the yellow.
The rains ruined the harvest.
I like the red dress more than the blue dress.
The red house is new.
The red skirt is new.
The reign of Philip II lasted forty years.
The rest of them will come very soon.
The restaurant is on the ground floor.
The rice is delicious.
The room hasn't been made up.
The Russians won, as everyone expected.
The second course has chickpeas, chicken, meat, sausage and potato.
The sheet is on the bed.
This shirt does not fit me well. Is too big.
The shirts are dry.
The short man wears a black suit.
The short man wears a sweater.
The short woman wears a gray suit.
The sky is full of dark clouds.
The sky is overcast today.
The small skirt is pink.
The socks smell bad.
The stars are shining.
The stars come out at night.
The street is wet.
The students ought to study more.
The sunglasses cost twenty euros.
The supermarket is open.
The tall man wears a black suit.
The tall man wears a tie.
The tall woman wears a gray suit.
The tall woman wears jeans.
The tea costs two euros.
The tea is hot.
The teacher and the pupils are in the museum.
The teacher said that he wouldn't give us an exam this week.
The television costs more than the sunglasses.
The television isn't working.
The thief ran off with my bag.
The thieves hid in the woods.
The ticket costs euros.
The towel is in the bathroom.
The toy store is closed.
The train leaves at nine.
The two cars collided at the intersection.
The university bears the name of its founder.
The value of the dollar is going up.
The wedding took place in the Ritz Hotel.
The white house is antique.
The wind blows.
The window is closed.
The window is open.
The woman awakens the girl.
The woman awakens.
The woman brushes her hair.
The woman eats an orange.
The woman has a little bit of fruit.
The woman likes to play tennis.
The woman reads English.
The woman sleeps in the bedroom.
The woman smells the coffee.
The woman speaks Spanish.
The woman tastes the bread.
The woman tests the rice.
The woman wants jewelry.
The woman washes her face.
The women are working.
The women have umbrellas.
The women like tea.
The women play tennis.
The women work in a restaurant.
The wooden chair costs sixty libras.
The wooden chair is expensive.
The wooden plates are lighter than the metal plates, but the paper plates are the lightest.
The yellow toy is little.
The young lady has less fruit than the man.
The young lady wants this.
The young man is a doctor.
The young man lives in an old house.
Their oldest daughter isn't married yet.
There are pupils in my school.
There are ICT rooms and a big sports field.
There are five in our family.
There are hills, a little museum, a public garden and a big church.
There are many airlines in this airport.
There are many countries in Europe that I'd like to visit.
There are many Roman statues in the next room.
There are many tall buildings downtown.
There are many useful appliances in the hardware store.
There are no buses and there isn't a sports centre.
There are no tickets left.
There are no towels in room 15.
There are three bedrooms, a kitchen, a dining room, a living room, and a bathroom.
There are twenty seven pupils in my class.
There are very few shops and the cinema is awful.
There has been an accident.
There is a euro supplement for the high speed AVE train.
There is a mistake in the bill.
There is a swimming pool and a big sports centre.
There is a twenty minute delay.
There is an enormous cross above the Valley of the Fallen.
There is bad weather. There it's cold and raining.
The weather is good. It's sunny.
There is lightning.
There is nothing for teenagers to do.
There is nothing here but clothing.
There isn't enough space here for forty people.
There was moonlight yesterday evening.
There will be bright spells.
There's a special exhibit of Picasso's sketches.
There's an elegant garden behind the palace.
There's lots to do: there are cinemas and lots of shops in the town centre.
There's no harm done.
There's room for eight people in this elevator.
These are animals.
These are gifts.
These are our visitors.
These are people.
These artists are going to be famous some day.
These chairs are different.
These glasses do not fit me well. They are too large.
These hats are the same size.
These jewels are expensive.
These ladies are my aunts.
These pants fit me well.
These shirts are the same. They are the same colour.
These shirts are the same. They are the same size.
These sunglasses are too big.
These ties are different.
These towels are the same color but different sizes.
They are buying vegetables in the supermarket.
They are eating a sandwich.
They are eating their apples.
They are from the United States.
They are gray.
They are in danger of extinction.
They are leaving for London.
They are listening to a concert.
They are listening to the radio.
They are putting on their gloves.
They are reading their newspapers.
They are watching a movie.
They are watching a play.
They become nervous.
They carried out several bodies after the explosion.
They don't let anyone enter without special permission.
They don't like my friends.
They eat chocolate.
They try the rice.
They wash their hands.
They fight like cat and dog.
The girls are eating their sandwiches.
The girls are reading their book.
They had their arms around each other.
They have a good choice of earrings in this jewelry store.
They have black hair.
They have faces painted purple and yellow.
They led me up the garden path.
They left it under the table.
They live in a city close to Beijing.
They live in a house.
They looked for him everywhere but didn't find him.
They lost the war on the eastern front.
They moved a year ago.
They play in the afternoon.
They put the blame on me.
They really hate each other.
They say it will be very hot.
They say that Miraflores restaurant is very good.
They sent him to jail for all the crimes he had committed.
They serve a continental breakfast in this hotel.
They suffered a lot during the war years.
They tasted the bread.
They wash their car every Saturday.
They wash their hands with soap.
They went to Spain to study in the university.
They were admiring themselves.
They were stunned after finding out about his resignation.
They would have failed without help from the government.
They're all fine, thanks.
They're going to knock down that monument.
Things have become so expensive!
This article is of no value.
This bed is heavy.
This boy is from Columbia.
This bridge is in New York.
This camera is cheap.
This camera is smallest.
This car is fast.
This chair is light.
This chair is plastic.
This chair is too small.
This city is in France.
This city is in the United States.
This coat is bigger.
This coat is too small.
This computer is the most expensive.
This costs too much.
This country is called Russia.
This day is Friday.
This girl is from Japan.
This highway will take you out of the city.
This is a person.
This is a tree in the spring.
This is an example of the progress that we're making.
This is cold.
This is delicious.
This is going very well.
This is my book.
This is my brother.
This is my hat in the summer.
This is my house in the winter.
This is my kitchen.
This is my mother. Her name is Beatrice.
This is my old bicycle.
This is my sister. She is called Julia.
This is my teacher. He is called Mr. Haddad.
This is ugly.
This is very important.
This island has an ideal climate.
This isn't Spanish.
This knife doesn't cut well.
This ladder is metal.
This laptop is light.
This looks as though it will drag on and on.
This man is alive.
This man is drunk.
This mission entails huge risks.
This morning it was raining when I took the bus.
This museum has a magnificent collection of modern art.
This museum has been closed for five years.
This number has won a prize.
This old man is gray.
Where can I have my watch repaired?
I cannot tolerate naughty children.
I can't stand naughty children.
Free as in freedom, not as in free beer.
"Literally" can literally mean "metaphorically". "Literal" meaning "metaphorical" is also a literal irony.
She said, "He is handsome."
Is there a doctor on board?
Jessie praised Charles for his foresight.
John is more clever than Bill.
John is more intelligent than Bill.
It will be snow tomorrow.
There will be snow tomorrow.
She was surprised that he appeared.
She was surprised that he showed up.
It's evident that human behaviour is more dangerous for the environment than radiation.
She's in the bath.
Speak up, and speak clearly.
She will leave for New York next Sunday.
I've brought a cup of coffee.
Managing your stocks with Big Wisdom shows that you are serious about investing!
Good water for Tibet is good water for the world.
Friendly Reminder: Please keep in mind the closing time of the line you need to switch to, so as to avoid delays in your trip.
I go to the barber once a month.
I don't think that he'll come.
Do you prefer tea or coffee?
I'll come back on the tenth.
I'll come again on the tenth.
Aren't people who have promiscuous sex afraid of VDs like AIDS?
I am very hungry.
It depends on the person, but using "sir" for women (a title of honour for men) is very rude.
This flower is yellow and the others are blue.
There are also vendors who support Linux.
The cicada has represented insouciance since antiquity.
How do you say "good bye" in German?
God be with us.
Next to China, Switzerland is an abandoned village.
This road is very long.
This room has two closets for clothing.
This sheet is light.
This shoe fits me well.
This smells good.
This store sells old books.
This store sells vintage jewelry.
This street is in Paris.
This suit is tight on me.
This table is heavy.
This table is wooden.
This television set is heavy.
This ticket is paper.
This way.
This woman is from China. She speaks Chinese.
This year is going to be prosperous.
This young lady is from Russia.
This young man has blue hair.
This young woman has black hair.
Thousands of families were left homeless.
A three-handed monster came out of the wardrobe.
Throw the papers in the basket.
To the airline office.
To the south.
To the swimming pool!
To the village.
Today I choose to have a great day.
Today I turn four years old.
Today is January 2nd.
Today is September 1st.
Today is Tuesday. I am buying fishes.
Today is Wednesday. I am reading.
Today is your birthday.
Today my son turns four years old.
Today she turns ten years old.
Today you turn four years old.
Today, I turn twenty-five years old.
Today, we turn ten years old.
Tomorrow, I'll return the money you lent me.
Try to find out if everything he said is true.
Turn around.
Turn left.
Turn off the light on leaving the room.
Turn on the light please.
Turn right.
Turn the corner and you'll see the store you're looking for.
Two fried eggs and coffee, please.
Two months ago I did work experience in a factory.
Two small bottles, please.
Under what name did you work as agent?
Unfortunately, I cannot help them.
Upon seeing what was happening, we decided to leave.
Very good, thank you.
Very good. How are you?
Very well. Thank you.
Wait for me!
Wait for the green signal before starting to cross.
Waiter needed.
Waiter, please. I need a spoon for the soup.
Waiter, the check, please.
I didn't know you were such a wanker.
Wash your hands, please.
Wash your hands.
Green water is not good for drinking.
We agree with you.
We all have our cross to bear.
We always go to bed late when we visit a foreign country.
We are blond.
We are eating breakfast indoors.
We are eating dinner outdoors.
We are from Columbia.
We are from France.
We are gray.
We are playing a game with our visitors.
We are studying Spanish.
We are traveling to Barcelona.
We began to laugh when he told the joke.
We can continue playing, as long as we don't make too much noise.
We can hear the church bell every morning.
We can leave after lunch.
We chose a hotel near the museums.
We did a lot yesterday and are tired today.
We don't know what he did at the party.
We eat roasts and fish in batter.
We get dressed in the morning.
We got it for her.
We got it thanks to her.
We had a test.
We had to close the windows so that the mosquitoes wouldn't come in.
We had to shut the window because of the mosquitoes.
We have blouses of cotton or silk.
We have forty-five.
We have lunch break between 12.and 1.30.
We have our evening meal at here.
We have small and large portions.
We have to run to arrive on time.
We have twenty-four chairs in this class-room.
We hope to return next year.
We learn a lot in our trips abroad.
We live in a house.
We live in an apartment.
We live in New York.
We live in the United States.
We must have faith in the president.
We must phone for an ambulance.
We must phone the police.
We need a knife for the butter.
We need to come to an agreement.
We need to have a contract.
We sell jewelry in the jewelry store.
We sell metal, paper, and wooden plates.
We should use the electric blankets tonight.
We should use the fireplace tonight.
We spend the weekends in our country house.
We stayed at the Dorchester.
We study Arabic.
We study Chinese.
We want to attend tonight's concert.
We weren't able to buy tickets, so we didn't go to the concert.
We will have to do something.
We would like to change room: it's too noisy.
We'll have to wait a few minutes.
We're beginning to understand better.
We're closed tomorrow.
We're here to help them.
We're interested in observing the customs of different regions.
We're looking for an apartment with two bedrooms.
We're open tomorrow.
We're hot.
We're not cold.
Weather changes often.
Welcome to Columbia!
Welcome to our home!
Welcome to our restaurant!
Well done!
Well, have you decided?
Well, I'm just watching TV...
Well.. She said, that you wrote them back to Laura.
What a fright I got when I opened the door!
What a paella!
What am I to do?
Which animal is big?
Which animal is small?
What are my responsibilities?
What are my tasks?
What are the meal hours?
What are these charges for?
What are you going to do next year?
What are you thinking of?
Which ball is white?
What bicycle do you like more?
What bothers me is his attitude.
What car do you like more?
What cold drinks do you have?
What color cake do you want?
What color is his sweater?
What color is your hair?
What currency would you like?
What did you hear?
What direction are you going?
What do you advise me to do?
What do you do in the afternoon?
What do you eat in your country?
What do you like to do in your free time?
What do you like to do?
What do you need?
What do you recommend I should see?
What do you recommend to me?
What do you think of it?
What do you think of that?
What do you want it for?
What do you wish to order, gentlemen?
What do you wish?
What does it contain?
What does this mean?
What dress do you like more?
What fruit is green?
What fruit is red?
What have I got to do so that you'll pay attention to me?
What have you done today?
What have you got in your bag?
What house do you like more?
What I'm about to say is strictly between you and me.
What is it made of?
What is my room number?
What is needed is more time.
What is that?
What is the exchange rate?
What is the rate per day?
Big people aren't always strong.
I eat breakfast every morning.
She came to Tokyo when she was eighteen years old.
She looks a lot like her mother.
Bob became a pastor.
Bob became a preacher.
Bob became a minister.
I'll help you as much as I can.
I'll come back home as soon as I can.
The devil is not so black as he is painted.
Let him in.
Put him in.
There is a right time for everything.
It's too late to shut the stable door after the horse has bolted.
A bird in the hand is better than two in the bush.
Please tell him to wait.
You may meet him.
You might meet him.
Don't deceive him.
Go and wake Mary up.
Tony said, "I like it."
I'd like to talk to John.
When did you meet him?
Do you meet him often?
I laughed at his joke.
His joke was great.
Mr. Smith came.
Has Mike quit drinking?
Did Mike stop drinking alcoholic drinks?
I voted for Ken.
Mr. Johnson's room was a large room.
That baby is Tom.
A person named Itoh wants to meet you.
Don't cheat him.
A man named Mr. Itoh wants to meet you.
We consider him to be honest.
We consider Tom to be honest.
It's wrong to deceive people, but worse to deceive yourself.
French is her native language.
French is her first language.
Write down his address.
His story sounds true.
I plan to write Judy a letter.
I intend to write a letter to Judy.
What he says is absolutely correct.
His car is really cool.
The experiment ended in failure.
Last week she gave birth to a beautiful daughter.
In the carriage sat a gentleman, not attractive, but also not unattractive, not too fat nor too thin; one could not call him old, but he also was not too young.
I need to have a serious talk with Nikolai Alekseyevich.
Yesterday I read an interesting story.
You prefer to go to bed.
They are not working even a bit.
I wish people would stop saying things in ways that crush young dreams.
A person of good sense will certainly not believe blindly.
With arbitration, judgement is usually passed in six months time.
He's not the same man he used to be.
My computer has frozen.
Make an Italian verb with the letters.
I travel often.
Make four mini-dialogs with the phrases in the list.
I'll be your teacher.
Complete the dialogue with the conjugated form of "to have".
He's Swiss.
The baguette is French.
He gave him a book.
Sleeping on a carpet is great.
Lee Leffingwell is the head of the Austin City Council.
An android is a kind of robot.
I had never seen him before.
I had met him many times before then.
He works in a jar.
They believe that Jane is honest.
What do you think of him?
What do you think of his suggestion?
Does Tom need to stay home today?
Does Tom have to stay home today?
We chose John to be our captain.
We chose John to be captain.
Please serve him his meal first.
I don't know anything about him.
His concert was very good.
His concert was great.
What he did wasn't wrong.
Do it the way he tells you to.
Do what he tells you.
Everyone who knew him admired him.
The owner of this house is Mr. Yamada.
Joe is madly in love with that girl.
That's not Jack's fault.
Drink some tea.
How was your weekend?
Taro, could you help me?
Let's drop by his house.
Everyone in his family is tall.
He gave his life for the nation.
Can you put up with the way he behaves?
What he ate was very simple and humble.
Who has captured his heart?
His new car is wonderful.
Watch him and do the same thing.
Watch him and do what he does.
I'll visit him tomorrow.
I'll visit Mr. Brown tomorrow.
I'll visit you tomorrow.
I visit him every other day.
I'll personally visit you.
Mrs. Smith cleans that room.
We think that Tom is an honest person.
I got that news from Hashimoto.
We think Tom an honest man.
All of us went except for him.
All of us, except him, went.
His house is across from mine.
Please remember what he said.
His customers dropped off after the new supermarket opened for business.
She said to herself, "Where shall I go next?"
As soon as we find out anything, we will contact you.
You're already useless.
"How's it going?" "Not too bad."
He doesn't have a job. He's retired.
You must remove your shoes before entering a house.
Do you own a house in Italy?
Let's talk about Paola.
What's your phone number?
I work in Milan.
The country code for calling Italy is 39.
I am looking for an Italian person so as to do an Italian-Spanish exchange.
I'm a British girl from Manchester.
I'm looking for a French penpal.
Hi, everybody!
We have a colleague in Spain.
We called him a "hero", but he betrayed us.
What he said would happen has happened.
Please wait five minutes.
What he said embarrassed me.
His lectures are very long.
He has reached the end of his patience.
He thinks of nothing but himself.
He threw a rock into the pond.
We work every day but Sunday.
She lived in Hiroshima until she was ten.
You are pretty, like a cherry blossom.
You can't live without water.
Life cannot exist without water.
When Columbus discovered America, bison (American buffalo) inhabited a wide-ranging area.
God, you piss me off. You completely ruined the moment.
Could you please tell me why you love her?
This is the house where I was born.
Because of his advice, I was able to succeed.
My father went fishing.
There's no more salt.
Iron is a useful metal.
My son is taller than I am.
You have to abide by the laws.
If it rains, please call me.
You shouldn't tell him anything about her.
You shouldn't tell him anything about your girlfriend.
It's time to get to work.
We were all scared shitless.
This book has a number of mistakes, but it's interesting.
Are there any other interesting episodes in history?
Glory to Ukraine!
Kiev is the mother of Russian cities.
Kyiv is mother of Ruthenian cities.
Where did you see that woman?
Where did you see those women?
I would like to give you a piece of advice.
Ivan Mazepa wasn't a traitor.
He came back home three days later.
Where is your father?
I need your clothes and bike.
He doesn't have any friends to play with.
There are many fish in this lake.
You have to take off your shoes before entering houses.
One must take off one's shoes before entering houses.
Oh, no, of course!
He knocked on the closed door.
He knocked on the door again and again, but there was no answer.
He knocked on the door.
What did you say your name was?
He is very good at the guitar.
That white building is a morgue.
He's very good at guitar.
He's very good at playing guitar.
Her older daughter is married.
Ken shared the room with his older brother.
You seem to have mistaken me for my older brother.
How old is your oldest son?
My older brother got a position in a big business.
Once again, he became a wanderer, and he arrived one day at the house of his older brother.
My older brother finished his homework very quickly.
My older brother is an authority on philosophy.
I have one older brother and one younger sister.
I have an older brother and a younger sister.
The company is managed by my older brother.
He didn't know that.
His older sister is older than my oldest brother.
I want you too badly.
He is rich, but his older brother is poor.
He is not as smart as his older brother.
"Do you know when they will arrive?" "At eleven-thirty this evening."
He is not as intelligent as his older brother.
John doesn't care a shit about his clothes.
He has three older sisters.
It was the midnight of Friday, 13th; nothing of ill omen was apparent.
Remove the chicken's giblets before cooking.
Let's elect Putin once more!
That bucket is the best deal for your money.
Eating konjac, you will never gain weight.
I am an idiot! Kill me somebody!
She gypped me out of my money!
How dare you speak like that to your elders and betters!
The little fridge is dirty.
That's a photo of my sister.
With or without religion, good people can behave well and bad people can do evil; but for good people to do evil - that takes religion.
She adores her older brother.
She's my older sister.
She's my sister.
Yutaka has two older brothers.
Which do you like better, apples or bananas?
That's my younger sister's photograph.
He might not be happy.
My father loves pizza.
The train is minutes late today.
An ancient manor, probably from the time of the templar knights, is the home to our family, and its outbuildings welcome friends and holiday guests all year round.
Nail polish remover stinks a lot.
How do you do business with yuan?
Tatoeba is a tool, which can be used with students in class.
Today is my treat.
She'll have a panini.
I don't have a dime on me.
Do you want the tea hot or iced?
Have you caught the first toy train?
A hot piadina for me, please.
They paid me five dollars for the bag.
One panini or two paninis?
You can go if you have made up your mind.
It's a weapon without bullets.
Do you have breakfast at home?
My butt hurts.
More than a few don't eat anything in the morning.
He is drunk.
We drink everything.
He lost his eyesight in the accident.
My younger sister has two sons, which means I have two nephews.
Once a war breaks out, both sides are in the wrong.
If you are by my side, I don't need anything else.
He often goes to the cinema with her.
I missed you very much.
His story was made up.
Even his servants despised him.
If you see his house, you'll know that he is poor.
Just seeing his house lets you know that he is poor.
Can you make it so she can get on that TV program?
Give me a key, and I will unlock the universe.
The newspaper said that contact with the plane had been lost.
Fuckin' asshole!
He does an engine test every day.
Reading is to the mind as food is to the body.
It is getting warmer and warmer.
At what time will the taxi go to the airport?
It is a very strange letter.
One calls that metal zinc.
The red lines on the map represent a railway.
Will you lend a hand, Taro?
A large animal fled from the zoo.
Do you approve or disapprove of my project?
I finished writing the report.
I'll go on QQ immediately.
Do you have any sisters?
The box was full of strawberries.
I don't go on QQ very often.
If the weather is nice tomorrow, we will have a picnic.
Why wouldn't you listen to his advice?
That pasture is ten acres.
I thought he was my brother.
I thought he was my younger brother.
I mistook him for my brother.
He turned out to be her father.
It turned out that he was her father.
We found out that he was her father.
When I see him, I think of my grandfather.
I'll meet you guys in Korea!
As far as I know, there are no good books on the theory.
As far as I know, Mr. Smith was a modest man.
As far as I know, he is a reliable friend.
As far as I know, he is honest and reliable.
As far as I know, this is the only translation available.
As far as I know, he is a person who keeps his promises.
To the best of my knowledge, the lake is the deepest at this point.
To the best of my knowledge, the lake is the deepest here.
As far as I know, he's a nice guy.
As far as I know, she hasn't departed yet.
To the best of my knowledge, she hasn't left yet.
As far as I know, he won't come.
As far as I know, he is kind.
As far as I know, there were no problems during the first semester.
To the best of my knowledge, this chemical will prevent germs from breeding.
To the best of my knowledge, the rumor is not true.
To the best of my knowledge, he wasn't involved in that fraud scheme.
As far as I know, he wasn't involved in that fraud scheme.
As far as I know, he's guilty.
From start to finish, there was nothing wrong with his behavior.
He was able to put up remarkable performances at the sports competition.
He was disqualified from the competition.
He would like to take part in the competition.
He would like to take part in the contest.
He broke his arm playing soccer.
I took part in the sporting event.
Our diplomacy and our military strategy were clearly in contradiction.
By lack of attention, she hit the post with her car.
I like this flat. The location is good, and besides, rent is not very high.
As far as I know, what he has said is true.
As far as I know, he has never come on time.
As far as I know, she's still unmarried.
As far as I know, he isn't lazy.
Today, we are going dancing.
As far as I know, he used to be a good student.
My spoon is too big!
As far as I know, he's a diligent student.
As far as I know, there is no such word.
As far as I know, he's an honest man.
To the best of my knowledge, he's an honest man.
She has got the prettiest buttocks I've ever seen.
What is this fish called in English?
Sorry, I can't tell you my name. It's too indecent.
The shirt needs ironing.
John said, "That's a beautiful tune."
This chair needs to be fixed.
That's my cat.
Let's take a short break.
I have never seen a red refrigerator.
Tickets are valid for just two days, including the day they are purchased on.
This year's freshly inducted employees are, to a man, lacking in concentration, and their sloppy work leaves me speechless.
Most car accidents occur due to the inattention of the driver.
Harry is an American actor.
That is my dictionary.
Do we need a universal language?
Where is the toothpaste?
It's a pity that I don't understand English well.
We all looked out the window.
He listened to music in his room.
Everybody loves her.
You must take care of your dog yourself.
There was a little milk left in the bottle.
Man is the only fire-using animal.
That is a Japanese doll.
Her eyes are blue.
She has blue eyes.
I go to school.
I study Korean.
My friend studies Korean.
You don't need to prepare a formal speech.
There's no need for you to prepare a formal speech.
His ideas never earned him a dime.
His ideas never made him any money.
His ideas never earned him a single penny.
We drank soju at the karaoke bar.
Where is Britney Spears?
I can't play tennis very well.
I'm not so good at tennis.
I played with the baby on my knee.
I rocked the baby on my knee.
This one is ready for deletion.
I don't have the address now.
The thing you have to know about Batman is, he's a superhero.
To whom are you referring?
I don't have an ear for music.
I don't understand music.
I was wrong.
My mistake.
I feel out of sorts today. That well water is why.
Come over!
Come over and help out.
I am Paul, your flatmate.
Who are you talking about?
I'm Paul, your roommate.
I'm your roommate Paul.
I think my Japanese is really bad.
Please mind the gap between the train and the platform.
Today, I have a lot of homework.
I would like to leave this town and never come back.
Hi, how are you?
No body.
He is so gay.
I grew up on watching Pokémon.
That team has a strong lineup.
We don't have a lot of trouble.
There's a telephone in my room.
I don't have the time or the money.
I don't know where he lives.
I don't know where she lives.
You'll catch a cold.
You don't want to get wet and catch a cold, so take this umbrella with you.
Put on a sweater. If you don't, you'll catch a cold.
Be careful not to catch a cold.
Children catch colds easily.
I didn't want to catch a cold, so I didn't go skiing.
I often catch colds.
I always catch colds in the winter.
I didn't want to catch a cold, so I didn't go out.
Put on a coat. If you don't, you'll catch a cold.
I didn't want the baby to catch a cold, so I closed the window.
He catches colds very easily.
He catches colds easily.
She catches colds easily.
She won't leave the room, because she doesn't want to catch another cold.
Take a sweater with you so you don't catch a cold.
That team has strong players.
This United Nations resolution calls for the withdrawal of Israeli armed forces from territories occupied in the recent conflict.
Why do you go about being cross at people?
When you are with an indecisive group, confidently propose something that no one would agree to.
He dropped his wallet, and now it's mine.
I like Beypilic chicken.
For health and pleasure!
I'm going to go buy some materials today.
We had three airplanes.
My uncle's on a business trip to Aomori tomorrow.
I am a Hyogo University student.
Oh! Show me how.
Oh! Show me, please.
Let the fathers be fathers and the sons sons.
May I eat this cake?
Can you pass me the salt?
Earth is a beautiful planet.
This wall is painted green.
Tennis is loads of fun.
He plays the piano better than I do.
Look behind you!
Spanish is his mother tongue.
Spanish is her mother tongue.
Is your clock keeping accurate time?
I hope that it rains tomorrow.
Esperanto is a modern language that is very suitable for international communication.
No artificial colours, preservatives or flavours.
Suitable for vegetarians and vegans.
Produced to strict organic standards.
Best served chilled.
Bad news travels quickly.
Ill-gotten gains are short-lived.
I've been meaning to drop by and see you, but I've been rather busy this week.
If I wanted to scare you, I would have told you about what I dreamt about a few weeks ago.
If you want to hear a scary story, I'll tell you about a dream I had a few weeks ago.
I will shoot him.
I play tennis every day.
Whom the gods love die young.
You have to take the good with the bad.
Please take care of yourself so you don't catch a cold.
I've got to make lunch.
The man you met yesterday was Mr Brown.
Folks, it's time I was leaving.
She put on a sweater so she wouldn't catch a cold.
Old people catch colds easily.
Practically every family has a TV.
This statement-of-purpose essay has no consistency in how the points are laid out and gives a distracted impression.
My hometown is very pretty.
Go straight on down this street.
How are you doing? It's been a long time since we last met, hasn't it?
Students, by working part time, are able to scrape up tuition fees by themselves.
As a general rule, it's simple to criticize, but difficult to produce alternative suggestions.
We give here a list of the usual Esperanto-related questions.
To see the answer to the question, simply click on the question.
How much is the car that you're planning to buy?
Tea with lemon for me, please.
The transportation in this city is very convenient.
My house has a fruit garden.
Uyghurs comprise the majority in Kashgar.
You didn't see nothing.
You didn't see anything.
I'm really glad to hear that.
You cannot demand of someone something that is impossible for them to do.
Please use the information below for your payment.
Life is a flame that death extinguishes.
In order to have an idea of our current projects, we invite you to visit [url].
You have added a comment, not a translation. To add a translation, click on the «あ→а» icon above the sentence.
Do you really want to put your life in her hands?
You should go to the dentist and have that tooth pulled out.
Don't ramble.
There are a lot of deer in Nara.
She knows nothing about your family.
He has little patience.
He will surely arrive at Hakodate tonight.
Even though it's busy today, this bit of work must be finished before leaving.
Have you brought your ID card with you?
Do you approve of what he is doing?
Do you approve of what she is doing?
One must be respectful when speaking, and not say obscene things.
The Shanghainese people must build up Shanghai's new image.
I am looking for a job, sir.
If I have time and enough money, I'd want to go traveling in Europe.
Where do you want it delivered?
I think this one is good.
I've bought the groceries, cooked the food, and now I'm waiting for my son to come and eat.
I've shut all six windows.
I wanted to hit him, but he ran away from me.
How much for half a kilo?
I don't really know.
When I sing Karaoke, I sing everything from oldies from my childhood to the latest hits.
I'm tired; I think I'm going to go to bed.
Americans have lost their trust in Toyota.
The "Coalition of the Willing" is a phrase that refers to the countries that fought together against Iraq in the Iraq War.
Nobody can understand him.
His ideas never earned him even one penny.
I'm really sorry to trouble you!
There was only a little milk left in the bottle.
It's his, isn't it?
"Do you speak German?" "No, I don't."
That's not a cat. That's a dog.
Would you please pour me a cup of coffee?
Blog means "web log".
I like her very much.
Today is a sunny day.
When you leave, I'll miss you.
Reading makes me happy.
I was hungry and thirsty.
Tom hid himself under the table.
Do you have some money?
That's not a cat. It's a dog.
I would like you to sing a song.
Are you speaking to me?
It's fun to learn slang words in foreign languages.
Do you know anyone who's not on Facebook?
For all I know, he's a criminal.
Will it rain tomorrow?
The only difference between me and a madman is that I'm not mad.
One plus two equals three.
One plus two is equal to three.
Thanks for the info.
It's still too early to talk about this now.
Insatiably greedy.
I dove into the river.
He is a student to whom I'm teaching English this year.
Can you practice Japanese with me?
You don't have to wait until the end.
Did you hear that sound?
We tried to get him to change his mind, but couldn't.
Shouldn't you overlook his indiscretions and forgive him?
If you run into Mr. Long, don't forget to ask him about how his wife is doing.
His large income makes it possible for him to travel overseas every year.
His lack of technical knowledge kept him from being promoted.
As usual, Mike was late for the meeting this afternoon.
As is often the case, Mike was late for the meeting this afternoon.
"It's a good time for you to take a vacation," the boss said to Jim.
To make up for his unpleasant experiences in the hospital, Tom drank a little more than he should have.
He killed that man.
He did what I told him to do.
He lost his eyesight.
He lost his eyesight in an accident.
He lost his eyesight in that accident.
He has no redeeming traits.
I truly do not understand the question.
I like shopping on Ebay.
I understand how to solve the problem.
There is nothing to him.
I hate when other people make me wait a long time.
Hurry up and you can still catch your train.
I will explain it to him.
She's slier than he is.
Are you angry?
Israel should be wiped off the map.
Where's the washroom?
I've already waited two hours. I can't wait any longer.
I am spent.
These novels are published in French, as well.
She rides her bike to school.
My father hates the summer heat.
You ought to read books instead.
I'm following up on your last e-mail.
Excuse me, is Xinqiao Restaurant far from here?
I haven't eaten yet.
Please sign here.
I get up at six every day.
Excuse me, is there a toilet nearby?
It's five o' clock. If you quickly post your letter, it still might make it in time.
He tried to get me to help him.
I tried to get Charles to help me, but he wouldn't.
It's good now; neither too heavy nor too light.
What day is it today?
There's a convenience store diagonally across the street.
River Suzhou is Shanghai's "mother river"; twisting and turning, it stretches across and flows through the city center.
Take a good look, it's really fresh!
Please fill out this form and wait for us to notify you.
She always keeps her promises.
She dresses so outrageously; it looks completely ridiculous!
He came to ask us to help him.
He asked us to help him.
He came to ask us for our help.
Either as a waiter at a restaurant or a bartender, both are OK.
He was brave.
Can you sketch it for me on this piece of paper please?
He shut the door that was behind him.
One of the lights is not working. Do you think you could come take a look?
He has a maid.
He employs a maid.
I am swamped with work.
He motioned for me to follow him.
He signaled that I should follow him.
Open the door a bit!
It's ached before, but never as badly as right now.
It's still early. We should all just chill for a bit.
He did exactly what I told him to do.
He has a car that I gave him.
Life never ends but earthly life does.
He has ambition, so he works hard.
Since he has ambitions, he works hard.
Because of his wealth, he was able to become a member of that club.
This is my question.
No man can know them, no hunter can shoot them, with powder and lead - Thoughts are free!
If you convert hours into minutes, how many minutes does that make?
How many pennies does it take to make one pound?
We stayed at home because it was raining.
We had to postpone the gathering because of rain.
It'll cost about 10,yen.
This room is not suitable for sleeping.
Please wait for thirty minutes.
The bus will arrive at the station in fifteen minutes.
Not all browsers are secure.
Bogdan Tanjević will resign because of colon cancer.
Guus Hiddink is Dutch.
People under cannot marry.
In my opinion, German is the best language in the world.
Yumi Ishiyama is the oldest member of Team Lyoko.
His girlfriend is Japanese.
Please be polite.
Windows is the most used operating system in the world.
The above-mentioned mail item has been duly delivered.
Batten doors are sadly falling out of fashion.
Lisa Lillien is married to Dan Schneider.
The mathematics class is good.
Sumatra is an island.
Pakistan is a Muslim country.
I'm contributing.
No.
Don't make noise.
If you sign up to Facebook, your information will be sent to intelligence agencies.
Yes.
There is nothing more out-of-date than youthful entitlement.
Auldey is a Chinese brand.
The name of Marco's car is 'Thunder Giant'.
I filed a patent.
I was your inspiration for this sentence, and you know it.
An inspired sentence?
After looking through your file, we ask that you excuse us for any inconveniences caused.
You can pick up a lot of words by reading.
I haven't had the chance to introduce myself to her.
He worked hard to save up some money.
He was trying to slink into the house.
Thai is the official language in Thailand.
I really don't understand this problem.
Spongebob and Patrick are friends.
Tatoeba is open source.
My god is the greatest!
Allah is great!
Let's go now.
I'll give you a good piece of advice.
Another day gone by.
I usually get up at eight o'clock.
You're taller than me.
This is the last train for the end of the world.
I would be very happy that he came.
Nakido is a file sharing platform.
The papers got blown away.
Paraguay is a country in South America.
He wouldn't let anyone interfere in his personal affairs.
This isn't worth getting worked up over.
The present agreement is put forth in two copies, signed by the two parties.
Contract of partnership between [Company 1] and [Company 2].
To my knowledge, she hasn't married yet.
Can you mend these shoes for me?
I work every day but Sunday.
Please put this where children can't reach it.
Ken seems to be a friendly person.
Ken appears to be a friendly person.
I tried to call you, but couldn't.
Have you finished reading that novel?
The baby needs its mother.
I would like to get to know you better.
Elephants in Thailand are as common as kangaroos in Australia.
Mary helped her mother with the cooking.
We call him "Skunk Man".
All androids are robots.
Every android is a robot.
If something's an android, it's also a robot.
Abraham Lincoln is a famous person.
iPhones have capacitive touchscreens.
I'm just a plain old office worker.
I'm just a plain office worker.
I'm just a regular office worker.
Jupiter is the most massive planet in the solar system.
Mt. Fuji can be seen from here.
Nobody owns the moon.
My father works in a factory.
My grades are above average.
Somebody loves everyone.
No one had anything left to say.
What hurts the most is that you didn't feel you could tell me the truth.
Where are my wings?
Life goes on.
The sun is red.
I want to live in a world where people love one another.
Give me some time to think.
Jump on the creature to kill it.
Love loves love.
How can love love love?
Hate hates hate.
Blah.
Take me away.
Think about the children!
Yum yum!
Birdy num num.
Don't leave me!
Hey! What's up Doc?
You should greet your betters by tipping your hat.
If you alter the plan, you must inform the team members of the changes.
"And if your brother turned up at the party without notice tomorrow?" "I would be very happy that he came."
Tatoeba: Join the dark side. We have chocolate cookies.
She left home with everything she owned.
I was thrown out of the house with everything I owned.
She loved me in the same way that I loved her.
Someone has cut my kite string.
Our health is our most precious possession.
Look how fast he runs!
Hindus and Muslims are all brothers.
Wake me up at seven.
Gladly pass the souls of the righteous to the golden seat of Ahura Mazda, to the golden seat of the Amesha-Spentas, to the Garô-nmânem, the abode of Ahura Mazda, the abode of the Amesha-Spentas, the abode of all the other holy beings.
Using Esperanto with him, I feel that we are both at the same level, at least from a lingual point of view.
You can also find many books in various formats at Project Gutenberg.
This book is for you.
Use the Force, Saeb!
For being able to use the language better, and understand it better, you need to learn new words.
I'm tired of hearing your boastful tales.
Betty speaks Esperanto very well.
Betty turned down Muriel's offer.
Dima slept with men in one night and then killed them.
Muiriel is slandering me!
Coming to work at p.m. is not late.
You too, Brutus?
Using Esperanto with him, I sense that we both are at the same level, at least from a linguistic point of view.
M insults D - the Tatoeba database is one sentence better. D insults M - the Tatoeba database is one sentence better. D and M are even, and everyone else wins.
Tatoeba: Ever heard of sentence fights? Yeah, that's what we do for fun.
Tatoeba: Where pillow fights can't even measure up to sentence fights.
F. takes sides with the criminal.
In Soviet Russia, sentence writes you!
Using English with him, I feel that we are both at different levels, at least from a linguistic point of view.
Using Esperanto with him, I feel that we are both at the same level, at least from a linguistic point of view.
Both drinking and smoking are bad for your health.
I make it a rule not to eat too much, for it is plain that overeating is bad for your health.
In my opinion, staying up late is bad for your health.
It goes without saying that smoking is bad for your health.
Please sit.
That building has no emergency exit.
The bus stops in front of my house.
The conference ended at five.
The government is promoting the use of domestically made products.
This is my wife Edita.
Many people encouraged me to fulfill my ambitions.
Many people pushed their way toward the rear exit.
Evangeline Lilly is Canadian.
When Justin Bieber started his music career, he was fourteen years old.
Many people came to the meeting yesterday.
Angelica Pickles is very selfish.
He closed the door.
He shut the door.
Dustin Moskovitz is a Jewish entrepreneur. He is one of the co-founders of Facebook.
The lock must be broken.
In Soviet Russia, food eats troll!
I'm tired of listening to your bragging.
The author pins the crime on a character who pops up in the last chapter of this book.
Peace is not the absence of violence but the presence of justice.
Millions long for immortality who do not know what to do with themselves on a rainy Sunday afternoon.
If this is the information age, what are we so well-informed about?
I'd explain it to you, but your brain would explode.
Tell me what you need and I'll tell you how to get along without it.
Justice is what love looks like in public.
Today, we are going to unravel the mystery of the English subjunctive.
I think he won't accept the proposal.
René's fingers are caught in the door.
Scott first changed a watch for a book, then the book for money.
If you want to read this page later, just know that you can access it from the "Help" link at the very bottom of the website.
The U.N. has condemned the Somalia suicide bombing that took the lives of at least people on Tuesday, including six members of Parliament
He plays cello exceptionally well.
Come back to me.
I tried to call you at the airport, but all the payphones were out of order.
Come to think of it, I really need a cellphone.
Message me online.
Nothing can't exist because if it did it would be something.
I was really young when I met you.
Sing a song in your language, please!
I have no friends.
I love watching movies that make me think.
If the Icelandic language was a colour, I think it would be white.
I really need to eat some waffles, stat!
Break the silence.
When will you ever learn?
She was blind, deaf, and dumb.
I've got the best way to get her to be your girlfriend.
Sounds like you're having fun.
I wonder where your brother has gone to.
Let's make our own language so no one will know what we're talking about!
This candy cane tastes like green apple.
I don't wear chapstick.
If you have a problem with it, then get lost!
I love how you think of other people's needs before your own.
Do you even care?
What are the first five letters of your email?
You're supposed to be an accessory.
I love Android phones.
Have you eaten a banana pie?
With whom am I speaking?
Is context really necessary to understand the subjunctive?
You might have added it instead of writing it in comments.
They were determined to travel the length of Vietnam in just eight days.
I have a friend who loves me.
People under cannot get married.
YouTube is not a good website.
'Radioactivity' is a chemical term.
Radioactive matter is dangerous.
The trumpet is a musical instrument.
Here is my key.
I would like to order a sandwich.
Can you call a taxi for me?
How much is a room?
Traitors will be deported.
Dieticians are experts in the food industry.
In 1958, Brazil won its first World Cup victory.
The Eiffel Tower is in the same city as the Louvre Museum.
The Jabulani is the official match ball of the FIFA World Cup.
The cat is on the mat.
"Will he come?" "No, I don't think so."
Thai is the official language of Thailand.
Tatoeba is open source software.
Can you call me a taxi?
Convenience stores sell candy bars.
Should we go have ramen together again?
It's not rocket science.
I miss him.
You must leave the diagnosis to your doctor.
Tatoeba: Where being an orphan doesn't make you exempt in any way.
Termites eat wood.
Waking up is the opposite of going to sleep.
I got on the wrong train.
I got on the wrong bus.
What did you do last vacation?
Hiding from the police, Dima spent the night in a dumpster.
I will read a book.
The army quelled the rebellion.
You need to pay extra for the batteries.
Mathematics is a good subject.
My job is to take care of the baby.
My job is taking care of our baby.
When I was your age, I knew Virgil and all the others by heart.
It's my job to take care of the baby.
Taking care of the baby is my job.
You can't live on this side anymore.
This noise is driving me crazy.
Ann has many friends.
He is very kind.
The old man is very kind.
The old man starved to death.
The old man died from hunger.
The old man was hit by a car and was immediately taken to the hospital.
He was hit by a car and died right away.
The sugar is in the bag.
He had only one hundred yen on him.
He had only one hundred yen with him.
I'm tired of living this kind of life.
Today is Independence Day.
India's Independence Day is celebrated on the fifteenth of August.
Republic Day is celebrated on the twenty-sixth of January.
The power went out.
On the fifteenth of August, thousands of people fly kites.
The Indian flag is called the tricolour because it has stripes of three colours – saffron, white and green.
He's in a bad state.
This is the monsoon season.
If he's fluent in English, I'll hire him.
When I asked him for change, he gave it to me.
He spent all the money that his friend had lent him.
She didn't have any money, so she couldn't go with me.
It's been a long night.
Monkey Bingo is the exciting new way to play bingo.
Just one look at the amusing dispenser, colorful animal tiles, two-sided bingo cards, and transparent monkey chips and you know you're in for some serious fun.
The strong, gusty wind strived to strip the leaves off the trees.
One year has twelve months.
He has a lot of money.
I always think of my father when I look at this picture.
Kinshasa is the capital city of the Democratic Republic of Congo.
I wanted to know what our general stance is on adding machine translations?
If I could be that guy instead of me.
The next morning, Dima got out of the dumpster, but only to realize that all of his clothes now smelled like garbage.
Eugene will get the Ig Noble prize for his contribution to literature.
I'll phone you.
She poured a cup of tea for me.
Regardless what you may do, the outcome will still be the same.
We plunged into the cave opening on our boat and continued on.
It doesn't suit my tastes.
They finished a journey of miles.
Where's the nearest train station?
It's my policy to break it off with men who ask for money.
I am counting on you to give the opening address.
On Monday, the Pierson Publishing House will launch an ambitious advertising compaign for Real Life, a highly anticipated new novel from Korea.
A cat is not a person!
He's not a scientist, but he is our friend.
Are they friends?
I would like to buy some aspirin.
He introduced his sister to me.
He introduced her sister to me.
Can I see the wine list?
I would like some fish.
What fruit juices do you have?
I appreciated your help.
Trang is as pretty as Dorenda.
Please replace the empty ink cartridge in the printer.
My right shoulder hurts.
My knee is bleeding.
Fear not because there is nothing to fear.
Everyone can make a difference in their own lives and thereby collectively make the world a better place for themselves and others around them.
Everyone knows on one level or another what is right and what is wrong; some pretend they don't.
I hear something.
I really want to know.
Muppets will be muppets.
When it was put that clearly, I was at a loss for a response.
Yes, that happens from time to time.
In her youth, my mother was very beautiful.
Tatoeba: Where attention to detail is sacred, and punishment is swift.
There are no shortcuts to the top, only to the bottom.
How about this red hat?
Her bike is better than mine.
Where is his house?
Where is her house?
Remember the days of the old schoolyards.
Hypothetically a person can live a perfect life without sinning.
The result now follows from proposition 1.3.
The module has only countably many direct summands up to isomorphism.
Note that this theorem does not assume the existence of such an object.
Can you prove the existence of garbagemen?
The lesson is English.
The lesson is science.
Don't make noise!
Please don't run in the classroom.
An integer is natural iff it is greater than or equal to 0.
Please go to the playground to play.
Please obey the school rules.
An integer is natural if and only if it is greater or equal to 0.
Please explain why you can't come.
You can go if you want.
For that reason, he lost his job.
The lake is very deep.
A straight line is a trivial example of a curve.
If you ask a mathematician if he is an adult or a minor, don't be surprised if he answers "yes".
"Nonlinear" does NOT mean "nonconvex".
She was so kind as to take me to the hospital.
Who the hell are you?
What the fuck?
He looked deeply into his crystal ball and predicted my future.
I thought she was cute.
I was in the bath when the phone rang.
I knew you'd come.
I have to stay in bed all day.
Sumo wrestling is a traditional Japanese sport.
I respect her selflessness.
I respect his selflessness.
We want to check and correct in priority sentences that do not belong to anyone.
Where is my book?
He occasionally reads detective novels.
These two cities have the same traffic rules.
I would gladly translate this, but I don't speak Dutch.
Our eyes take time to adjust to the dark.
I'm curious about the things that I'm interested in.
Mr. White went to Canada.
I don't speak Swedish.
I don't speak German.
My son can tell time.
I went to Europe once.
I don't believe it!
Mom is older than Dad.
What is this nonsense?
He had grey hair.
She and her friends love music.
His breath smells like goat cheese.
There are frequently earthquakes in Japan.
