They already got married.
They'd like sandwiches, salad, and juice, also.
Can you do a PowerPoint and finish this report, also?
Although the sun was out, it was cold.
Tom doesn't want to be a doctor, although he's very good in science.
We always have a party on his birthday.
Family should always come first.
A husband and wife promise always to love each other.
He's the ambassador to Haiti.
She's the French ambassador to Portugal.
The American and Japanese ambassadors met at a conference.
We'll need to amend the contract so that we can pay you more.
They amended the document.
The Bill of Rights amended the U.S. Constitution.
The factory produces ammunition.
The statistics gave ammunition to her argument.
The hunter put ammunition in the gun.
Is that singer popular among your friends?
We're choosing among those ideas.
It is nice to be among family.
They needed a new government to control the anarchy.
Anarchy can happen during wartime.
Their country is threatened by anarchy.
Tom's ancestors came from Africa.
Where are your ancestors from?
Our ancestors came here over a hundred years ago.
Tom is studying the ancient civilizations of the Mediterranean.
Do you like ancient history?
They found an ancient bowl from 2,years ago.
Tom's anger hurt their marriage.
Tom took a class to learn how to manage his anger.
Anger is hard to control.
Do you like to see animals at the zoo?
Which animals make the best pets for children?
Pandas are beautiful animals.
It's the anniversary of the end of the war.
Tom forgot the anniversary of their first date.
They're celebrating their wedding anniversary.
Tom announced that he was quitting football.
They announced their engagement to the family.
The airline announced that the plane had landed.
Tom found a new way to announce his news.
I'd like another glass of water, please.
They'll finish this another day.
We need another member.
They'll give us their answer soon.
What was her answer to your proposal?
What's your answer?
Vaccines deliver antibodies that fight disease.
A flu shot contains antibodies that fight the H1Nvirus.
Antibodies fight off infections and viruses.
Do you know any good restaurants near here?
Would you like any dessert?
Some people have difficulty apologizing.
I apologize for what I said.
I'm really sorry.
Tom apologized to her.
They appealed the court's decision.
When the girl was lost, her parents appealed to the public for information.
Tom appealed for help.
Smoke appeared.
Tom appeared confused.
They appointed a judge.
Tom appointed her as manager.
The administration approved the budget.
Did they approve your project?
The team approved his proposal.
Have you ever studied archeology?
Tom works in archeology.
Archeology reveals the secrets of the past.
They live in a beautiful area.
What area of China do you like the best?
The waterfront is a beautiful area.
Some people hate to argue.
Tell me what you're arguing about.
They were arguing about money.
The mountains were all around the city.
Everyone crowded around the fantastic dancer.
The silver balls are around the red ball.
Mary was using drugs, so the police arrested her.
My neighbor was arrested last night.
The police arrested him for drinking and driving.
They arrived in New Delhi on July 9th.
What time do you arrive in Paris for the meeting?
Tom never arrives on time.
Tom arrived at the hotel.
What's your favorite kind of art?
Do you like Renaissance art?
Great art makes people feel something.
Mary is as tall as Tom is.
They're as tired as we are.
Tom is as fast as a leopard.
The white ball weighs as much as the red ball.
He wanted his ashes spread over the ocean after he died.
Volcanic ash covered the city.
After the fire, only ash was left.
I can't get anyone to assist me.
They can't assist you if you don't have your receipt.
Could you assist me, please?
Neil Armstrong was the first astronaut to walk on the moon.
It takes many years of training to become an astronaut.
Would you like to be an astronaut?
My ancestors hoped to find political asylum.
Thousands of people apply for political asylum each year.
They became citizens after receiving political asylum.
We'll meet at 3:p.m.
Tom is at work.
I live at Midvale Drive.
Tom is at the computer.
There's volcanic ash in the atmosphere.
The atmosphere is made up of oxygen.
The atmosphere in this restaurant is nice.
Atoms are in everything.
Who first split the atom?
Atoms cannot be seen with your own eye.
The button is attached to the dress.
Attach the two cables together.
There was an attack on a worker last night.
The attack was shown on video.
The soldiers started their attack.
We'll attempt to start the class soon.
They're attempting to contact her.
Tom is attempting to climb the rock.
How many people attended the meeting?
I won't be able to attend.
Twenty people attended the party.
They always give their attention to environmental problems.
My children share my attention.
Tom is paying attention to his budget.
Who invented the first automobile?
Tom has a very old automobile.
That garage has room for two automobiles.
Children go back to school in autumn.
It rains in early autumn.
Autumn is my favorite season.
Are you available next week for a meeting?
The doctor is only available on weekdays.
Is that seat available?
It's an average day at work.
They're average students.
They are of average height.
We're trying to avoid the bill collectors.
They can't avoid the traffic.
Tom wants to avoid everything.
I'm usually awake by 8:a.m.
They have to be awake by 5:a.m. tomorrow.
The baby's awake.
Tom got an award for the highest sales at his company.
Awards can help you get into college.
They got an award for good grades.
The boy pushed his plate away.
We live ten minutes away from him.
The soldier is going away.
We'll have to sit at the back of the train.
Mary injured her back playing tennis.
The back of the building is on First Street.
Mary has her back to us.
Hand washing is one way to control bacteria.
We need to keep bacteria out of food.
That disease is caused by bacteria.
My income and expenses aren't balanced.
She's trying to balance her work and home lives.
Tom is balancing on a tightrope.
Tom is filling out a ballot.
We have to count all of the ballots.
It's important to complete your ballot.
The government banned cigarette advertising on television.
Hunting is banned in national parks.
Smoking is banned in restaurants in California.
There's a bank on the corner.
Tom put his money in the bank.
Do you keep your money in a bank?
They barred journalists from reporting on the elections.
Tom was barred from a women-only dinner.
She's a beauty.
The beauty of nature is precious.
There are many examples of beauty.
We want to help you because you deserve it.
We're giving you more money because you did a great job.
Tom stayed home from work because he was sick.
We have space for two beds.
Have you ever slept on a water bed?
Mary walked first, and Tom came behind.
I'm behind in my paperwork.
Tom is getting behind in his work.
That toilet brush belongs in the bathroom, not in the kitchen.
They belong to the chess club.
The dogs belong to her.
Their price is below ours.
It's thirty degrees below zero.
The fuel level is below empty.
Tom is the best runner.
Tom is the best worker in our company.
She's got the best grades.
The traffic wasn't moving between Exits and 23.
Tom is between twenty and thirty years old.
The kitten is between the puppies.
We pay our bills at the end of the month.
They've written a bill for health care.
I paid the bill.
Many people study biology in school.
Biology includes many life sciences.
What is your favorite bird?
How many kinds of birds are in your backyard?
The peacock's beautiful tail helps it attract females.
The bird's beautiful tail helps it attract females.
Mary's husband doesn't blame her for his problems.
Some people blame poverty for crime.
The children blamed each other.
If a cut is bleeding, put pressure on it.
The child's nose is bleeding.
A childhood illness left her blind.
My dog is blind, but he loves to go out for a walk.
Louis Braille, who was blind from the age of three, invented a way for the blind to read.
They blocked his proposal.
The construction blocked the entrance to the street.
The tree blocked the road.
The storm blew down a tree.
Tom blew out the candles on his birthday cake.
The girl is blowing bubbles.
Tom keeps his boat at the pier.
Boats were racing last night.
They take their boat out on weekends.
You may need to boil water.
Many foods can be boiled.
It takes about ten minutes to boil an egg.
You shouldn't feed chicken bones to dogs.
Tom broke some bones in his arm and hand.
There are many bones in your body.
The tourist bus crossed the border.
Put a blue border around this picture.
There is a border between America and Mexico.
They were born in Thailand.
Tom was born on May 5, 2010.
I'd like a bottle of soda.
We need a bottle of juice.
There is sand at the bottom of the ocean.
Mary was at the bottom of the class. Now she's at the top.
Mary's bikini bottom is black.
I can put things in a box.
Mary's boss gave her a box of candy for her birthday.
I'm moving, so I need boxes for my things.
Sixty-five countries boycotted the summer Olympics.
In 1880, the Irish boycotted a landowner, Captain C.C. Boycott, for failing to lower rents.
They will boycott that product.
Tom is the brains of our company.
The human brain weighs about three pounds.
Brave people feel fear, but that doesn't stop them.
Tom is a brave skydiver.
Someone broke the window.
The little boy accidentally broke the glass.
If you pull too hard, the chain will break.
People normally breathe to times a minute.
Dogs breathe approximately times a minute.
To relax, breathe slowly.
The Golden Gate Bridge is in San Francisco.
The bridge between Denmark and Sweden is almost five miles long.
They had a brief date.
Tom gave a brief talk.
They took a brief vacation.
The teacher gave a brief explanation.
Do you have a bright light for reading?
They like to wear bright colors.
Tom is a bright student.
The balloons are bright.
Tom brought a flower and presents for his date.
Who are you bringing to the play?
Would you like us to bring anything to the dinner?
The dog can bring back a stick.
Television stations broadcast hours a day.
Voice of America broadcasts from Washington.
The radio station broadcasts a very strong signal.
We need a budget for our family.
Do you have a budget?
They're having problems with their budget.
It is important to have a budget.
They built the first electric car.
It took years to build the Taj Mahal.
It takes many people to build a building.
The hillside burned all night.
I burned my finger.
Tom burned his first dinner.
It will burn.
The light bulb burst.
Our water pipes burst.
The balloon will burst.
They buried her dead husband.
After the dog died, they buried him in the backyard.
She's burying her money in the sand.
They bought a car.
The family wants to buy a house.
Mary wants to buy a dress.
Hamlet is by William Shakespeare.
We need this report by tomorrow.
The dog is sitting by the bowl.
It was a very calm day in the stock market.
There was a calm wind yesterday.
Yoga helps her to be calm.
If the university doesn't have enough students, the administration will cancel the class.
The company cancelled the meeting.
The flights were cancelled.
Smoking is the major cause of lung cancer.
Tom's mother and sister had breast cancer.
She's beating cancer.
Be careful. That knife is sharp.
Tom isn't being careful.
Mary is being careful with her baby.
Small children like to be carried.
I don't like to carry a purse.
Most students carry backpacks to school.
They caught a lot of fish at the river.
Tom's mom caught the flu.
Tom caught the ball.
We don't know what causes cancer.
This disease causes blindness.
Who caused the accident?
Do they celebrate Mother's Day in your native country?
Mary celebrates New Year's Day with her family.
What are they doing to celebrate her birthday?
Who is the chairperson of the meeting?
The chairperson has asked for questions.
Everyone is listening to the chairperson.
He was an Olympic champion in weightlifting.
She's a soccer champion.
They're academic champions.
They want to change the law.
We changed the color of our house from tan to blue.
Nature is changing.
The police chased the stolen car.
The man chased the robber into the street.
The man is chasing the woman.
Their team cheated during the baseball game.
They cheated the workers out of money.
Why is he cheating on the test?
They cheered for their teammate.
In 1899, the first cheerleaders were male students.
They cheered for their sports teams.
Who are they cheering for?
I can't choose where to go on vacation.
Choose a food from each part of the menu.
Which cup will he choose?
He's a citizen of China.
Tom wants to become a citizen.
Tom is a citizen of the United States.
The fight for civil rights in the United States started in 1954, when the government said school had to be open to everyone.
Martin Luther King Jr. fought for civil rights for African-Americans by teaching nonviolence.
This product claims to help you lose weight.
Tom claimed that he came from a rich family.
The man claimed he didn't take the money.
They're cleaning the beach.
Tom just cleaned his room.
We need to clean the car.
Is my explanation clear?
Most cars have clear glass.
The fish is in clear water.
Seattle has a very wet climate.
What's your favorite climate?
The Earth's climate is fragile.
Did you climb trees when you were a child?
What's the tallest mountain you've climbed?
Tom loves to climb mountains.
We drove along the coast.
The homes on the coast are very expensive.
Malibu is on the coast of Southern California.
The software company collapsed during the recession.
Tom collapsed because of the heat.
The bank collapsed during the recession.
Tom collected old coins.
Tom collected coffee cups.
I love to collect stamps.
Tom went to college on the East Coast.
What's the most famous college in the world?
They graduated from college.
They combined their money to buy a present.
The wind and rain combined to make a terrible storm.
Combine all the parts to make one piece.
Good health is very important in their community.
It was a problem in their local community.
We live in a global community.
Don't compare me to a movie star.
Compare these two computers.
Tom competes in ski races.
Many students compete to get into the best universities.
Tom is competing against other swimmers.
Tom's explanation was too complex.
A computer's electronics are very complex.
Chemistry can be very complex.
I'm concerned about Tom.
Tom hasn't called.
They're concerned about the budget.
The doctor is concerned.
I'll do it, but there's one condition.
They are in great condition.
Is this your first conference in Paris?
They'll attend the national conference in Las Vegas.
They have their annual conference in May.
I'm calling to confirm your appointment.
Can you confirm that he was hired?
I'd like to confirm my hotel reservation on May 5th.
Tom's parents congratulated him on his engagement.
We congratulated him on his graduation.
We want to congratulate them on their good work.
I can't connect to the Internet.
After the accident, they connected him to a lot of machines.
Connect the two cables together.
I'll consider your suggestion.
They consider him their best employee.
She's considering changing her life.
They contacted their local politicians.
The box contains some old jewelry.
This cake contains flour, milk, eggs and sugar.
The boxes are gifts. What do they contain?
The employees need to cooperate to lower expenses.
Parents need to cooperate with each other.
People achieve more when they cooperate.
Could you please copy this report?
Copy this program on your computer.
The dancers copied each other.
Please correct my bill.
You charged me too much.
Can you correct this report before 5:p.m.?
Tom corrected all the errors. Now the report is perfect.
They covered the table with a cloth.
This bride is covering her face with a veil.
Cover the pot while you cook.
The motorcycle crashed into a car.
A plane crashed into a mountain.
The cars crashed into each other.
Their company created forty new jobs.
James Cameron created a new way to make movies.
The children are creating a painting.
The bank refused to give them more credit.
They don't want to use credit.
You can buy now and pay later with credit.
There was a financial crisis in 2009.
Their company survived the crisis.
The flood caused a crisis for their community.
A big crowd stood in the street.
A crowd of filled the theater.
The crowd loved the concert.
The cake got crushed by the jar of juice.
Crush the can before you throw it away.
The drug culture has its own rules.
Dance is a beautiful part of every culture.
People dress colorfully in that culture.
Antibiotics are a cure for infection.
A treatment will cure the disease.
Many people believe acupuncture can cure diseases.
Tom found the report on a current website.
Do you use current technology?
It's a custom to celebrate Christmas.
It's a custom to have turkey at Thanksgiving.
Customs include food, celebrations and dancing.
There was damage to the computer.
How much damage is there to the car?
There was damage to the pipe.
Can you dance the two-step?
Mary has danced since she was five.
They like to dance.
There's a lot of danger during a big storm.
What city has the most danger?
Some people like danger.
This room is too dark.
Tom doesn't like dark colors in his home.
Mary has beautiful dark hair.
The sky was dark.
Do we have a deal?
We have great deals on furniture.
We're very happy about our deal.
They'll debate raising taxes.
Citizens are debating about health care at City Hall.
They're debating about raises.
The national debt is growing.
What should you do to decrease your debt?
How would you handle her debt?
They should decrease the sugar in these muffins.
We don't want them to decrease our paycheck.
Mary decreased her waist size by swimming every day.
How deep is the hole?
The writer is deep in thought.
How deep do you think the water is?
Mary will get her degree in June.
Tom is working toward a master's degree in engineering.
Tom will get a better job with a college degree.
There's a degree of stress in every job.
They have a degree of concern about their son's safety in the city.
Thirty-five degrees centigrade equals ninety-five degrees Fahrenheit.
To find degrees in centigrade, subtract from the Fahrenheit temperature, then multiply by 5/9.
They delayed buying a new car.
She'll have to delay her education because she lost her job.
Tom's flight was delayed.
The police demanded that he go with them.
Mary demanded her money back.
Tom's boss demands a lot of work.
The crowd demonstrated in support of human rights.
The man denied that he took the money.
The girl denied saying bad things about her friend.
Tom's proposal was denied.
The Great Depression started in and ended in the 1930's.
She's in a depression.
Can you describe the man who took your wallet?
Tom would describe the house as small.
I'd describe him as a middle-aged man in a yellow jacket, orange tie and a pink shirt.
Who designed that museum?
Mary designs dresses.
Tom is designing his first building.
Tom has a desire to be wealthy.
Do you have a desire to change jobs?
Mary had a desire for what she saw online.
Tom destroyed his marriage by lying to his wife.
The car was destroyed in the accident.
An earthquake destroyed the building.
Give me the main points now.
You can give me the details later.
The details on the dress include a bright belt.
A butterfly's wing contains many details.
I don't like meat. I prefer a vegetarian diet.
Does your diet have too much fat?
Which diet is better?
Children love to dig in the sand.
In 1848, people came to California to dig for gold.
This machine can dig giant holes.
They have a big lunch and a small dinner.
The traditional American dinner includes meat, potatoes and a vegetable.
They're having a Mexican dinner on their date.
The policewoman directed traffic.
Can you direct me to the train station?
Their department needs some direction from the boss.
Tom can't do the report without more direction.
They need some direction.
I lost my sense of direction in the snowstorm.
Which direction will he choose?
My money seems to disappear by the end of the month.
The stain disappeared after we washed the shirt.
The earthquake in Haiti was a disaster.
The flood caused a disaster in their community.
If there are houses nearby, a volcano can create a disaster.
Tom discovered that Mary had dated his best friend.
There's a lot more to discover.
There's a lot to discuss today.
I'd like to discuss something with you.
They're discussing their next project.
Louis Pasteur discovered that germs cause most infectious diseases.
Breast cancer is a disease.
People wear masks to prevent getting a disease.
The professor dismissed his ideas.
We'll dismiss class early today.
Tom dismissed what Mary was saying.
There was a dispute about our bill.
The actor had a dispute with his director.
They're having a dispute about money.
The distance from my home to yours is two kilometers.
Because he doesn't want to marry her, she felt a distance between them.
Tom learned to dive when he was five.
It's dangerous to dive in shallow water.
Tom dove into the pool.
Let's divide the check between us.
The teacher wants us to divide the work on this project.
Tom divided the bread into two pieces.
In the United States, it takes a minimum of eight years of college to become a medical doctor.
Do you prefer a male or female doctor?
When you buy a house, read the documents carefully.
We have three documents in the file.
They need to discuss the document.
In 1881, Clara Barton donated her time to help people in need, starting the American Red Cross.
She's donating money for cancer research.
Tom wants to donate money.
We'll have to double our budget for next year.
The number of employees doubled in ten years.
Twins double the fun.
Mary had a dream that she won the lottery.
What's your dream for yourself in five years?
The little boy has a dream.
Tom drowned in the ocean.
You won't drown if you learn how to swim.
Someone needs to save him, or he'll drown.
The elderly man takes strong drugs for his heart.
What's the best drug for that cancer?
Doctors suggest drugs to fight diseases.
My throat is dry.
These clothes are finally dry.
Mary uses eyedrops for her dry eyes.
They talked during the movie.
They went skiing during their date.
Tom cried during his son's graduation.
There's dust on the table.
We need to dust the desk.
The horses make dust as they run.
We need to sweep up the dust.
It's too early to get up.
We had an early lunch.
The sun rises early in the morning.
We ate lunch early.
I want to leave early.
Tom is thinking about graduating early.
He's getting up early.
Does Tom earn enough money to live in the city?
Tom changed jobs to earn more money.
How much money do you want to earn?
Earth is the third planet from the sun.
The earth is where we all live.
Water covers about 70% of the earth.
We must take care of our planet, the earth.
In Haiti, there was a large earthquake.
They built a safe building for earthquakes.
Earthquakes destroy buildings.
Ecology is the study of living things all around us.
Ecology is very important to keep our world safe.
We stayed at an economy hotel.
Tom wanted an economy car.
Tom always flies economy class to save money.
Economy cars save you money.
That country's economy is growing.
Are you worried about fuel economy?
We are all part of the global economy.
How many years of education does someone need?
What's the most important part of a good education?
Tom's efforts were rewarded.
How much effort does it take to get your first job?
Being in good shape takes effort.
How do you like your eggs?
Mary needs a dozen eggs.
I'll have my eggs sunny side up.
They elected her to be the mayor.
Will they elect him for four more years?
They elect their representatives in a voting booth.
You elect your representative by voting.
The electricity went out, but it's back on now.
Utility companies supply electricity.
It takes a lot of electricity to power a country.
Our world runs on electricity.
Tom made an emergency stop on the road.
Tom got an emergency call and had to leave work.
They're taking Mary to the emergency room.
There was an emergency on the road.
Paramedics are trained to handle emergencies.
Do you share your emotions with other people?
Are you afraid of any emotions?
They felt many emotions on their wedding day.
Sometimes it's OK to show crazy emotion.
A small company employs people.
They employ temporary workers.
Tom is employed as an animal trainer.
To be employed, you must fill out an application.
There's an empty bedroom in the house.
We keep the empty bags under the sink.
The theater is empty.
Empty the car so we can use it.
Tom had to empty his apartment in two days.
It is time to empty the garbage.
Tom enjoys reading novels.
They enjoy playing together.
Tom enjoys the fresh air.
They have enough money for their bills.
Do you have enough food?
Tom doesn't have enough friends.
The kids have had enough of your rules.
Did you enter the singing contest?
Enter the information into the computer.
The swimmers are entering the water.
Tom decided to enter the room.
Tom's work environment was good.
This is a good learning environment.
What do you love about the environment?
They have old construction equipment.
They need help to understand their office equipment.
Doctors use medical equipment.
Two criminals escaped from prison.
They wanted to escape on vacation.
The dog is trying to escape.
The fish wants to escape.
You can't establish a company without people.
Disneyland was established in 1955.
To be successful, you have to establish a good plan.
Can you estimate how late the train will be?
I estimate that we'll need two days to finish the work.
Tom is estimating how much money he'll need to finish the house.
What's your favorite ethnic food?
Do you know an ethnic dance?
What are some similarities among ethnic groups?
Evaporation from oceans, lakes, and rivers creates 90% of the water in air.
The rain water is evaporating on a hot day.
Water will evaporate after it is boiled.
They're going to a charity event.
Tom loves sports events.
The wedding is going to be quite an event.
There's no evidence this disease is caused by diet.
The police found evidence that the man committed the crime.
Tom's fingerprint was evidence that he was there.
The criminal did evil things as a child.
Stephen King writes about evil people.
Tom has a good side and an evil side.
The bank needs a check for the exact amount.
Can you give an exact report of what happened?
They have the exact same face.
The measurement has to be exact.
Examine the car before you drive it.
How long does it take for a veterinarian to examine a horse?
The doctor examined the baby.
Every house on our street was blue except ours.
Tom likes all vegetables except cabbage.
Everyone looks the same, except the one standing on his head.
We'd like to exchange this jacket. It doesn't fit.
Business people exchange cards at the beginning or end of a meeting.
The U.S. Department of Health says people should exercise at least two and a half hours a week.
How do you find the time to exercise?
Do you like to exercise alone or with a class?
The workers are expanding the road.
The film expands on the idea of the importance of family.
With work, we can expand our markets.
The police expect people to follow the law.
They're both expecting babies.
After his argument, they expelled him from the club.
Tom was expelled from school for fighting.
The penguin was expelled from the group.
Tom has a lot of experience in computers.
Tom doesn't have enough experience to operate a train.
What job experience do you have?
Tom experienced a pain in his leg.
They're experiencing white water rafting on a class five river.
They did an experiment to see if the drug improved memory.
The scientists worked on their experiment.
They asked a medical expert to do more research.
We need an expert in green technology.
A doctor is an expert in medicine.
We need to explore all possible cures for cancer.
In 1497, John Cabot explored Canada.
Have you thought about exploring outer space?
The top U.S. export to China was soybeans.
Semiconductors were the top United States export to South Korea.
Jeans are a popular clothing export.
The U.S. exports billions of dollars' worth of passenger airplanes.
What would you like to export?
Online, businesses can export all over the world.
Mary expressed her happiness when her daughter graduated.
Holding hands can express love between two people.
They're expressing their love by hugging.
The city wants to extend the road.
Can we extend the deadline by two weeks?
A giraffe extends its neck to get food.
They have an extra bed.
There's an extra charge at the hotel for Internet access.
Where do you put your extra change?
Tom got extraordinary grades.
They had an extraordinary relationship.
Tom is an athlete with extraordinary strength.
Tom is an athlete with extraordinary speed.
Tom likes the extreme cold of Alaska.
They're having extreme money problems.
Tom's job creates extreme stress.
Base jumping is an extreme sport.
Those twin brothers have similar faces.
You have some spaghetti sauce on your face.
The baby has a cute face.
The largest bedroom faces south.
We have to face the fact that the company is losing money.
Tom is facing a challenge.
The tire factory employs people.
There are many factories in this part of the city.
Tom is making spare parts in a car factory.
A modern factory is totally automated.
Tom passed one test, but failed the other.
This new technology cannot fail, can it?
Will he succeed or fail?
Sometimes, you must fail before you succeed.
Children get upset when things are not fair.
It's fair if they get equal pay for the same job.
It is fair to say that both balls are of equal weight.
Elvis Presley is one of the most famous singers.
Donald Trump is a famous business person.
The famous building, the Taj Mahal, is in India.
Would you like to be famous?
Who has more fans, Celine Dion or Mariah Carey?
Tom is a fan of simple home design.
Tom's favorite singer is always changing.
What's your favorite movie?
Tom is eating his favorite ice cream.
They want to build a fence around their home.
How high should a home fence be?
Mary loves her bamboo fence.
Tom's field of study is law.
A green field is a beautiful field.
This is a beautiful field of lavender in France.
Tom is taking his final exam.
What were her final words?
They are in the final part of the race.
The final piece was placed in the puzzle.
They are facing financial problems.
What do you do when you have a financial disagreement in your family?
Financial decisions are very important.
Did you find your keys?
They need to find an apartment in the city.
They found each other.
Tom was lucky to find his keys.
How much is the fine for speeding?
Tom had to pay a fine because he parked in the wrong place.
Mary could not finish her dinner.
When will you finish your work?
Tom finished the race.
That desk does not fit in this room.
These shoes fit perfectly.
Their jeans do not fit.
How much will it cost to fix the car?
Can you fix our sink?
Tom can fix the heater.
I love to float on the water.
The balloon floated down the street.
An astronaut can float in space.
My favorite floor is hard wood.
Marble floors are beautiful.
A wood floor is beautiful.
How many fluids are used in a car?
Some fluid is leaking into our office.
We should drink ounces of fluids a day.
Water, in its natural state, is a fluid.
Do you fly frequently?
Birds often fly together.
This airplane from the 1940's still flies.
Mary followed her friend to the hotel because she did not know the area.
Mary's dog follows her everywhere.
People will follow a good leader.
Is it hard to fool you?
Mary invested in the stock because the financial advisor fooled her.
Sometimes, pictures can fool people.
There is a letter for you.
We were on the train for ten hours.
They work for a packaging company.
The road is straight for over ten miles.
Tom speaks two foreign languages.
We're going to see a foreign film tonight.
Foreign countries have beautiful architecture.
Forests cover around 9.4% of the earth's surface.
Forests regulate the water cycle and take away harmful carbon dioxide.
Brazil has one-third of the world's rain forests.
Tom wants to forgive his father for abandoning him.
Is it harder to forgive or to forget?
Will she forgive him for forgetting her birthday?
Our former home was in Sweden.
Tom saw his former employer at a conference.
The Coliseum was the former arena in ancient Rome.
Tom won a free car.
In 1975, Angola became a free nation.
Women in that country are fighting for their freedom.
Is freedom a place or an idea?
Freedom is the center of American democracy.
Water freezes at zero degrees Celsius.
Should you always freeze fresh meat?
When water freezes it becomes ice.
Where can you get the best fresh bread?
Fresh food is wonderful.
Fresh fruits and vegetables are good for your health.
They became friends in elementary school.
We spent the weekend with friends.
Friends do things together.
Severe weather frightens people.
Marriage frightens some people.
Scary movies will frighten the children.
Is love frightening to anyone you know?
Is bungee jumping frightening or fun?
This movie is frightening to the children.
They're suffering from malaria.
The school is five kilometers from my home.
Mary is going to open a gift from her boyfriend.
I like to sit in the front of the bus.
Put the chair in front of the desk.
They wanted a wedding picture in front of the Eiffel Tower.
Food is fuel for our bodies.
Coal and natural gas are natural fuels.
The bus is full. You'll have to wait for the next one.
The fuel tank in the car is full.
The streets in Tokyo are full on Saturdays.
We had fun at Disneyland.
Did you have fun over the weekend?
Spending time with friends on the beach is fun.
Tom's funeral will be this weekend.
Tom's family showed a video of his life at his funeral.
The funeral was yesterday.
Jazz fusion is a combination of rock and jazz.
Everyone coming together is an example of fusion.
You gain more than you spend when you go to college.
The company gained more customers.
Tom has gained weight.
Monopoly is a popular game for families to play.
What's your favorite game to play with friends?
Cricket is a game that takes skill.
I smell gas.
The lawn mower needs gas to operate.
Tom puts gas in his car twice a week.
Can you gather all of the papers together?
They gathered at the coffee shop for a meeting.
Everyone gathered together for the picture.
If you could choose the genes for your children, would you?
Some diseases are caused by a defective gene.
Genes consist of a specific sequence of DNA.
Tom gave them a general idea of what he wanted.
There's a general sense that something should be done about unemployment.
A father and son represent two generations.
Many people in my grandfather's generation grew up on farms.
Three generations see things three ways.
Through genetic engineering, corn can produce its own pesticides.
Should we use genetic engineering on people?
Does genetic engineering improve nature?
Tom is a very gentle person.
Basset hounds are gentle dogs.
Mary is very gentle with her baby sister.
Mary received many gifts for her birthday.
The invitation said, "No gifts, please."
Mariah Carey's greatest gift is her voice.
I broke a glass when I did the dishes.
Beautiful stained glass is art.
Tom's goal is to own a home before he's thirty.
They made the goal.
Many people feel that gold is the most secure investment.
Is that ring made of real gold?
What do people do with old gold?
The company manufactures a variety of paper goods.
Different countries import many goods.
The leader governed his country for more than years.
The president governs for four years.
The government lowered taxes for lower-income families.
Many people do not trust the government.
The United States government operates in Washington D.C.
Tom prefers whole-grain cereals.
They export grain to many countries.
The wood grain in Brazilian rosewood is beautiful.
An estimated 20% of the water used by homeowners in cities is used for their grass.
A field of grass can be quite beautiful.
This is a matter of the utmost gravity.
Gravity stresses the human body.
Gravity brings everything down to Earth.
Oprah Winfrey has great influence over her fans.
It's a great pleasure to be here.
A great crowd waited for the president to speak.
The butcher ground the meat.
I grind my own coffee beans every morning.
Do you know how to grind beef?
You're covering the same ground. We already talked about this.
You can dig dirt from the ground.
Tom belongs to two professional groups.
Work on the assignment in small groups.
They're in a singing group.
The number of members will grow quickly.
Plants don't grow in this soil.
Their sales are growing.
There's no guarantee that the stock will go up.
Their company guarantee is for thirty days.
Tom has been a prison guard for ten years.
Some companies have guards at the front desk instead of receptionists.
Tom is a security guard at the airport.
We hired a guide for our white-water rafting trip.
The tour guide can speak three languages.
The guide sat at the front right of the raft.
Tom was guilty of taking the money.
Mary felt guilty about yelling at her daughter.
The dog felt guilty about eating the homework.
Do you like facial hair on men?
What's your favorite color of hair?
Is her hair naturally red?
I'd like to buy half a cake.
Their financial problems began in the second half of the year.
Can we drive to Miami on half a tank of gas?
Do you hang pictures on your walls?
Tom hangs his clothes, then arranges them by color.
I'll be happy to work with you.
She's going swimming and she's happy.
They are all very happy.
Foreign languages can be hard to learn.
The bread is old and hard.
Moving a huge boulder is going to be very hard.
Doctors take an oath not to harm anyone.
We want to harm the environment less.
Unusually warm weather caused problems for the apple harvest.
They're hoping the wheat harvest will be good this year.
Tom hates raw onions.
What do you love? What do you hate?
Tom hates getting up early in the morning.
Tom hates the rules.
Napoleon's headquarters were in an unused windmill.
Flags of the world fly proudly at the United Nations headquarters.
It takes time to heal from a divorce.
Tom's leg is healing.
Tom's broken arm took several weeks to heal.
About 65% of American adults are overweight, which isn't good for their health.
Health and vitality are important for long life.
Exercise improves health.
The heat turns off automatically when the room reaches a certain temperature.
A grill puts out a lot of heat.
At what heat should I cook this?
They've had heavy rains for over a week.
Tom has a heavy workload.
Tom can lift heavy weights.
News stations use helicopters to report on traffic.
Have you ever been on a helicopter?
Medical helicopters take very sick people to hospitals.
Clark Kent is the hero of the Superman stories.
Every little boy needs a hero.
The clouds hid the sun for a while.
Tom hid his worries from his wife.
Why is he hiding under the table?
Some people dream of having a house on a hill.
It's good exercise to climb hills.
This hill of termites is located in Tanzania.
Tom raises Arabian horses.
They have five different kinds of horses on their farm.
Mary loves to ride her horse.
They took him to the hospital for his fever.
The city of Boston has one of the best children's hospitals in the United States.
Most people don't like hospitals.
In winter, the roads are covered with ice.
I don't like to drink water with ice.
The ice in the Arctic Sea is disappearing.
This is an ice cube.
Can you identify which coat is yours?
I used my driver's license to identify myself.
The witness identified the thief in the police lineup.
The busy woman ignored the ringing telephone.
My cat ignores me, except when she's hungry.
It hurts when the other kids ignore you.
Mary often imagines her wedding.
Have you ever imagined that you could fly?
The girl imagines that she is a doctor.
Japan has to import oil.
Russia imported wheat from the United States.
These days, most clothing is imported from China.
Tom is working hard to improve his English.
I'd like to find a way to improve my memory.
Mary needs to improve her grades.
Tom really wants to improve.
The shopping list included a gallon of milk.
The young couple included their parents among their Thanksgiving guests.
Tom's lunch includes a sandwich and an apple.
I want to increase my vocabulary.
The city increased the number of traffic signals at major intersections.
The company's profits have been increasing.
My son has always been very independent.
How long has your country been independent?
My grandma is a very independent person.
Tom has a good job in the computer industry.
The German auto industry produces excellent cars.
Tom works in the film industry.
I injured myself with a sharp knife.
Tom was injured in a car accident.
Mary injured her foot in a soccer game.
The teenager insisted she was innocent of cheating.
Mary is young, but she is not innocent.
The lawyer will try to show that her client is innocent.
I hate insects of all kinds.
We hired a company to get rid of the insects under our house.
Our picnic was ruined by insects.
Once a week, the mother inspects her son's room.
The general inspected the troops.
A serviceman inspected our furnace.
The child was exceptionally intelligent.
Mary is more intelligent than her sister.
Dolphins are very intelligent animals.
The United Nations sent troops to intervene in the conflict.
The hockey referee intervened to stop the fight.
Tom intervened in his coworkers' disagreement.
Dynamite was invented by Alfred Nobel in 1857.
Paper was first invented in China.
Leonardo da Vinci invented a human-powered glider.
We invited our new neighbors over for a drink.
My boss has never invited me to her house.
My cousin invited me to her wedding.
Iron is used in building ships.
The old iron pipe was full of rust.
Our fence is made of iron.
They live on a small island off the coast of Greece.
I want to take a vacation on a tropical island.
This is an island in the Caribbean Sea.
Tom's father is in jail.
I have never been inside a jail.
The drunk driver had to spend the night in jail.
Mary keeps her jewels locked up in the bank.
I don't own any real jewels.
On special occasions, some people wear jewels.
Mary has been looking for a job since she graduated.
Tom has had eight jobs in ten years.
Are you looking for a job?
Everyone in the church joined hands.
Tom joined his school's drama club.
Tom joined the Marine Corps.
A link can join two pieces of chain together.
They made a joint decision to divorce.
The project was a joint effort by students from three different classes.
They agreed to form a joint partnership.
The knee is the body's largest joint.
In cold weather, her joints become swollen.
Arthritis is a painful condition that affects the joints.
I love jokes about animals.
We spent the evening laughing and telling jokes.
Everyone laughed at the speaker's joke.
You're joking, aren't you?
The teacher joked that she was years old.
My brothers are always joking around.
Many people disagreed with the judge's decision.
Tom was a judge in an art contest.
When the judge speaks, everyone in the courtroom listens.
I try not to judge my friends' decisions.
Three people judged the art contest.
Mary gets mad when she thinks her parents are judging her.
The dog jumped up and caught the ball.
Most children like to jump rope.
The pole vaulter jumped more than seven feet.
Juries usually have members.
I serve on a jury about once a year.
The members of the jury listened carefully to the attorney.
The anti-smoking law is just, in my opinion.
The criticism of the actor's performance was just.
The student felt that her low grade was not just.
Can you help me for just a minute?
Tom just left.
The plane has just taken off.
Martin Luther King spent his life seeking justice.
Tom G. Roberts is the Chief Justice of the U.S. Supreme Court.
Justice is found in a courtroom.
Mary decided not to keep the dress she had bought.
I kept the $I found in the street.
Mary keeps her laptop with her at all times.
The children kicked the dry leaves into the air.
I accidentally kicked a large rock and broke my toe.
The soccer player kicked the ball.
Extremists kidnapped the president's wife.
Each year many children are kidnapped by members of their own families.
The journalist was kidnapped by terrorists.
My neighbor's son was killed by a drunk driver.
My cat killed a squirrel.
The crazy gunman threatened to kill me.
Mary taught her children to be kind to animals.
Tom's friends were very kind when he lost his job.
My grandmother's nurse is very kind.
I like all kinds of music.
What kind of dog is that?
What kind of ice cream do you like?
The friends kissed each other on the cheek.
The gentleman kissed the lady's hand.
Tom kisses his child a hundred times a day.
Could you please bring me a clean knife?
I accidentally threw an expensive knife into the trash.
I have a sharp knife.
I don't know Russian.
Tom doesn't know his neighbors.
Tom knows many things.
I have no knowledge about their plans.
Tom needs to gain more knowledge.
Professor Johnson has a lot of knowledge about mathematics.
Industrial countries require a lot of skilled labor.
Carpentry and bricklaying are examples of manual labor.
Plumbers are well paid for their labor.
Tom lacks motivation to finish the job.
The kitchen lacks a dishwasher.
We rented a cabin by a lake.
Lake Baikal in Russia is the deepest lake in the world.
The lake is surrounded by mountains.
The bread landed on the floor upside down.
A large bird landed on the window sill.
The airplane landed safely on the runway.
Plastic in landfills lasts for hundreds of years.
After the fire, the smell of smoke in the air lasted for days.
The telephone call lasted six hours.
The team captain led the players onto the field.
The teacher led the class in singing a song.
The group hired a guide to lead the hike.
We don't know why he had to leave.
Tom will have to leave the building.
Tom left the building at about p.m.
It's legal for citizens to carry guns in many states.
In many places it isn't legal to walk a dog on the beach.
The legal system in America is the world's finest.
A Ford car costs less than a Mercedes Benz.
Mary eats less than her sister does.
The smaller basket holds less than the large one.
Mary does not let her sister borrow her clothes.
My boss would not let me leave work early.
Dad, will you please let me borrow the car?
Before retiring from her company, Anna reached the level of vice president.
The flood water reached the level of the windows.
I rode the elevator to the third level.
Tom lied about taking the money.
Tom loves to lie in the grass on a sunny day.
My grandfather's life was long and happy.
My dog has a wonderful life.
Coral reefs attract a variety of beautiful marine life.
Mary has a bad back. It's hard for her to lift things.
We hired a crane to lift the new air conditioner and place it on the roof.
Can you help me lift this?
Have you got a light?
Mary is sensitive to light, so she wears sunglasses.
A light bulb gives light.
Tom has been struck by lightning three times.
The lightning lit up the sky.
The thunderstorm produced a lot of lightning.
Children need limits in order to feel secure.
There is a limit to how much time I can spend working on the computer.
It's dangerous to drive faster than the speed limit.
Tom drew a straight line on the paper.
Tom stood in line for an hour.
The visitors waited in a long line to get into the museum.
The events were closely linked.
My name links me with my ancestors.
A chain is made up of many links.
The medicine was a brown liquid.
When you have a cold, you should drink plenty of liquids.
I prefer soap as a liquid rather than a bar.
Please list your previous jobs on the application.
The nurse told me to list all the medications I was taking.
I always list what I need before I go shopping.
Tom majored in literature at the university.
Tom is a professor of Chinese literature.
Tom likes reading English literature.
They lived in Spain for several years.
Tom's dream is to live in the mountains.
Cacti are plants that live in dry places.
They live near the beach.
Tom took out a loan in order to buy a car.
Mary asked her family for a loan.
A mortgage is a kind of loan that people can use to buy a house.
Tom has breakfast at the local coffee shop every day.
This pottery is made by a local artist.
Open-air markets sell food grown on local farms.
Although he has many friends, he is lonely.
Working from home via computer can be lonely.
Mary was lonely because the other students didn't talk to her.
Mary lost her reading glasses.
My dad loses his keys at least once a week.
Someone lost a wallet.
Young children can be very loud.
The teacher has a loud, clear voice.
The loud drill gave her husband a headache.
Tom made sure his message was loud.
The chair is too low for me.
The books are on a low shelf.
You are running low on fuel.
Mr. Johnson's workers are loyal to him.
Tom is a loyal citizen of his country.
Mary is loyal to her country.
A car, an airplane, and a computer are all machines.
My mother gave me her sewing machine.
The factory uses many complicated machines.
A magnet can pick up and hold many nails at a time.
The students used a magnet in science class.
This is a horseshoe magnet.
The thunderstorm yesterday delayed the delivery of the mail.
A book came for you in the mail today.
There is a big stack of mail on the table.
The main idea of the plot is not clear.
The country's main social problem is poverty.
This is the main gate to their house.
Mary will make a good nurse.
They are making a salad.
This factory manufactures electric stoves.
The dishes were manufactured in Taiwan.
Robots are used to manufacture cars.
I have to delete many files from my computer.
How many gifts do you think she received last holiday season?
A world map shows all the countries.
Can you draw me a map of your street?
Let's find Highway on this map.
They marched in support of the government.
The soldiers march in camouflaged uniforms.
The market opens at 9:a.m.
The stock market fell yesterday.
Fresh produce is sold at an open-air market.
Mary will buy satin material for her new drapes.
The chairs are made of a synthetic material.
Building materials can include tiles, carpet, blinds and tools.
Mathematics was his weakest subject in school.
Mathematics is important in daily life.
Addition and subtraction are functions of mathematics.
Doctors recommend eating three meals a day.
It's not healthy to skip meals.
Pizza is the kid's favorite meal.
I meant to thank you for your help.
Let's measure how tall you are.
Mary measured out two cups of rice for the recipe.
The carpenter is measuring the floor.
Do you eat meat or are you a vegetarian?
They eat meat once a week.
The butcher shop sells assorted cuts of meat.
Do you feel that the media presents the news fairly?
Electronic news media is our primary source of information.
"You have to take all this medicine to get better," said the nurse.
The doctor prescribed some medicine for her cold.
The job applicant did not meet the expectations of the employer.
"Nice to meet you," said the businessman.
The sun came out and the ice melted.
The pain melted away as the ointment was rubbed into his foot.
These ice cubes will melt soon.
The office held a memorial for him.
The Vietnam Veterans Memorial honors U.S. service members who fought in the Vietnam War.
I just received a message that the meeting has been canceled.
Tom sent me a funny text message.
You have an e-mail message in your inbox.
What method do you use to organize your files?
Their research used a survey method.
Kangaroos have a strange method of carrying their young.
I was in the middle of my dinner when the phone rang.
Tom stood in the middle of the room.
There is a white line in the middle of the road.
The Mahdi Army is a private militia in Iraq.
The militia was formed to defend citizens in an emergency.
Tom made up his mind to go to law school.
Mary reads to improve her mind.
Tom can't make up his mind.
Mary told the child to mind his father.
While driving, mind the potholes.
Some salt comes from mines, some from water.
Many workers were trapped in the coal mine.
A mine is where you find precious minerals.
Some minerals are important for human health.
Tom takes a pill with vitamins and minerals every day.
Berries are high in minerals such as potassium.
This is a minor issue compared to our big national problems.
Some couples argue over minor issues.
Do not make a major problem out of a minor one.
In America, you are a minor if you are under years old.
It is illegal to sell cigarettes to a minor.
A minor is dependent on his parents.
An hour has sixty minutes, and a minute has sixty seconds.
Could you please wait a minute?
The time is nine minutes after ten.
Tom missed the opportunity for a promotion.
Every time I practice shooting, I miss the target.
Tom just missed the train.
Mary made a number of mistakes on her test.
Smart people learn from their mistakes.
Tom seems to have made a big mistake.
If you mix blue and red, the result is purple.
Mary mixed the ingredients to make a cake.
You can mix different foods in a blender.
After a while, the protesting mob became disorderly.
The police could not control the mob.
The angry mob attacked the building.
They renovated their grandmother's house and brought in modern furniture.
Each molecule in our body has a unique shape.
A molecule is made up of atoms.
The company raised money for new computers.
I am happy to spend money on books.
Do you think money will buy her happiness?
It took them a month to move to their new office.
Once a month, she has lunch with her father.
January is the first month of the calendar.
Would you like some more cookies?
We have had more rain this year than last year.
Greedy people always want more stuff.
Some people do not like to wake up early in the morning.
Their party won the most votes in the election.
Mary has the most clothes of all her friends.
China has the most people of any country in the world.
The bus was already in motion when he tried to board it.
Mary made a slight motion with her head.
Our planet, Earth, is always in motion.
Tom's family vacations in the mountains every summer.
We could not see the top of the mountain.
The hiker has reached the top of the mountain.
The family mourned the tragic death of their young child.
The nation mourned the death of the king.
The man is mourning after receiving sad news.
Several American presidents were murdered.
Every religion prohibits murder.
Who committed this murder?
Music is considered food for the soul.
Tom loves listening to classical music.
Tom loves studying music.
I must have a cup of coffee in the morning.
Town criers used to tell people what they must do, according to the king's orders.
You must go outside if you want to smoke.
The family loves to watch murder mysteries together.
The mystery of her death was never solved.
What is Mr. Johnson's first name?
Their family name is written on their mailbox.
You can put your name on a name tag.
Mary named the baby after her grandmother.
Tom named his dog Rex.
Tom was named the head of the organization after the director retired.
The nation recently declared its independence.
Our nation is very fond of baseball.
Mexico is a nation that borders the United States.
In many places, nature is threatened by human activity.
Ancient people lived close to nature.
In these mountains, nature is at its best.
The navy defends our seacoast.
Tom joined the navy after finishing college.
Officers of the navy wear white uniforms.
Mexico is a neighbor of the United States.
Our neighbors often play loud music at night.
Some neighbors are very noisy.
Tom had the nerve to yell at the judge.
This idea is totally new to me.
The teenager is showing off his new car.
It's time for the news on Channel 79.
News of the recent blast is all over the radio.
News can be accessed on your computer.
It is expected to rain all night tonight.
Are they arriving at ten o'clock in the morning or at night?
Most people enjoy starry, peaceful nights.
There's a lot of noise in a typical city.
The children will wake up if you make noise.
Oh, please, stop that noise!
Will it start snowing at noon or later?
The flight is expected to arrive at noon.
I was born in the north, but now I live in Florida.
There's a cold wind from the north.
The compass points to the north.
Tom is not fond of pets.
You are not allowed to turn left on this street.
I will send your teacher a note to excuse your absence.
The mailman left a note on our door.
Send them a thank-you note for their hospitality.
Tom noted in his report that the stock market was a factor in the company's failure.
The audience members noted that the speaker looked tired.
They are expected any minute now.
The book is now ready for publication.
If not now, when do you plan to start the project?
The world is worried about the nuclear capabilities of Iran and North Korea.
Nuclear energy is produced by splitting atoms or by bringing them together.
I don't know her telephone number.
The number of stars in the sky is infinite.
Can you add these numbers?
Nutrition is inadequate in some poor areas.
There isn't much nutrition in potato chips.
Information about nutrition is available on most packaged foods.
Soldiers must obey their commanders.
The student refused to obey his teacher.
Police dogs are trained to obey without hesitation.
The house was full of colorful art objects.
Have you ever seen an unidentified flying object?
What is this object used for?
I objected when the waiter tried to remove my plate.
Everyone voted yes. No one objected.
They objected to the new rules.
Tom likes to observe the people walking by.
The students observed as the teacher demonstrated the science experiment.
Tom likes to observe birds.
All the apartments are occupied.
An architect occupies that office.
The soldiers occupied the building.
Large areas of the ocean are polluted.
Tom sailed across the ocean in five days.
My house is by the ocean.
The speaker's comments were highly offensive.
Your attitude towards women is offensive.
The smell was offensive.
Several soldiers were injured in the offensive.
The plans for the offensive were secret.
The police conducted an offensive against some drug dealers.
Tom made me an offer I couldn't refuse.
Their offer to buy the house was rejected.
I appreciated my neighbor's generous offer.
The child offered a flower to the visitor.
Our host offered us a drink.
Mary offered to let Tom use her car.
Mary offered Tom a gift.
The new governor has never held office before.
Tom wishes he had a larger office.
The club elected a new group of officers.
A general is a high-ranking military officer.
What are his official job duties?
The soldier received official permission to leave.
In some states, judges are elected officials.
Many high-level officials attended the meeting.
A government official answered the reporters' questions.
I've been in New York once.
The hotel was once a restaurant.
Tom was open about his problems.
The boss is an open person.
Come in, the door's open.
The chairman opened the meeting.
Tom opened the door and the dog ran out.
It was warm, so I opened the window.
The doctor operates two days a week.
Tom can operate a forklift.
I would like to hear your opinion.
What's your opinion of Japanese food?
That's an ugly building, in my opinion.
You should express your opinion.
Mary opposed her son's decision to get married.
Several workers opposed the manager's suggestion.
They oppose the plan to raise taxes.
North is the opposite direction from south.
My opinion is exactly the opposite of yours.
They went in opposite directions.
Many moons orbit around Saturn.
It takes years for Neptune to orbit around the sun.
Many satellites orbit the earth.
Soldiers must follow orders.
The library books were out of order.
The files are in proper order.
The police ordered the suspect to drop his gun.
Tom ordered the dog to sit.
The sergeant ordered the private to do push ups.
The cancer had spread to several organs.
Have you ever thought about donating your organs after you die?
Nutritious food helps support healthy organs.
Which organism causes malaria?
Millions of beneficial organisms live in the human digestive tract.
Bacteria are microscopic organisms.
The speaker organized his lecture notes.
Tom organized his CDs by artist.
Mary needs to organize her room.
They crossed over the bridge.
Mary hung her grandfather's picture over the fireplace.
The runner jumped over the hole in the ground.
I never want to owe money to anyone.
Tom owes the government a lot of money in taxes.
They owe a huge amount of money on their house.
I don't own any expensive jewelry.
Tom owns two houses and a boat.
Tom owns a yellow sports car.
The injury caused the athlete great pain.
I have a pain in my foot.
Tom was complaining of back pain.
Mary wants to paint her car bright blue.
I love to paint with watercolors.
It took three days to paint the whole house.
The parade included six marching bands.
My neighborhood has a parade on the 4th of July.
Would you like to attend the Mardi Gras parade in New Orleans?
I pardoned my friend for his poor manners.
The prisoner was pardoned by the governor.
Tom asked his girlfriend to pardon him for forgetting her birthday.
My parents picked me up from school.
Tom will move out of his parents' house.
Which parent does the child resemble?
Parliament approved the new law last week.
Two members of the parliament were removed from office.
We took a tour of the British Parliament.
Tom is my business partner.
The police officer's partner was shot.
They've been dance partners for more than years.
We walked down a narrow and winding path.
A bike path goes right past my house.
Where do you think the path leads?
The doctor checked the patient's pulse.
The patient received two doses of medicine.
Tom prefers patients who can't talk.
The patient was well cared for by the doctor.
The student received a perfect score on the exam.
It was a perfect day for the beach.
The cut of the diamond is perfect.
The theater group performed the new play.
I do not like to perform in front of others.
Tom performs in a jazz club three nights a week.
Tom's school day is divided into six periods.
What period is this painting from?
For a short period of time, wide neckties were in style.
The banker's pay cut was temporary, not permanent.
Healthy adult teeth should be permanent.
The wine left a permanent stain on the carpet.
You are not permitted to touch the art.
The child was permitted two pieces of candy.
I persuaded my mother to lend me her car.
Tom persuaded the store manager to give him back his money.
Sometimes it's hard to persuade children to eat.
The doctor ordered a full physical examination for the patient.
The boy's problems are physical, not mental.
Physical fitness requires time and dedication.
Would you like a piece of bread with your meal?
I found the missing piece of your necklace.
They each have a piece of the puzzle.
We have no hot water because the pipes broke.
The bathroom pipes are clogged with sewage.
Water was coming out of the damaged pipe.
Please place your coat on the chair.
I placed the medicine out of the children's reach.
Mary placed her baby in a car seat for the flight.
Earth is a planet.
We all live on planet Earth.
Lavender is my favorite plant.
Are you allergic to any plants?
The forest contains many different plants.
My neighbor is planting new grass in his yard.
If you plant an apple seed, it might grow into a tree.
I am planting beans in my garden.
The waiter did his best to please the customers.
I was not pleased by your rude behavior.
The doctor was pleased with the baby's good health.
I have written many plays, but never a poem.
A haiku is one type of poem.
Shakespeare wrote many beautiful love poems.
The burglar pointed his gun at the victim.
Can you point me in the right direction?
My mother taught me that it's not polite to point.
A rattlesnake's bite is filled with poison.
Many household cleaners contain poison.
Poison can kill you.
The oil spill polluted the bay.
Sewage often pollutes the ocean.
Exhaust from factories pollutes the air.
What is the student population at your college?
The population is growing.
The world's population recently passed billion.
Do you think it should be legal for citizens to possess a gun?
Someday, I would like to possess a sailboat.
How many books do you possess?
I postponed my date because I had to work late.
Our professor postponed the exam until next week.
Tom's flight was postponed for three hours.
The runners poured water over their heads.
I poured more sauce on my pasta.
Can you please pour me some more wine?
My neighborhood is threatened by poverty.
Tom grew up in poverty.
Millions of people were living in poverty after the earthquake.
All the critics praised the new movie.
My boss praised me for my hard work.
Mary's colleagues praised her for winning a new account.
It's impossible to predict earthquakes.
Which team do you predict will win the game?
Some people say they can predict the future.
Tom's wife is pregnant with their second child.
Mary is weeks pregnant.
I discussed baby names with my pregnant sister.
The water pressure caused the pipe to burst.
Put pressure on the wound to stop the bleeding.
The pipe burst due to great pressure.
I stretch before exercising to prevent injury.
Eating healthfully can help prevent heart disease.
Vaccinations help prevent childhood diseases.
I hired a private tutor to help me with math homework.
My rich neighbors belong to a private golf club.
Do you promise to keep my secrets private?
I have never won any kind of prize.
Mary has received several prizes for her poetry.
Tom won a prize in the spelling competition.
That company produces microchips.
The painter produces many fine works of art.
The factory produces thousands of bottles every month.
You are not allowed here. This is private property.
How much property does the landlord own?
Many new properties are being built in the suburbs.
The mother cat protected her kittens.
The policeman protected the witness.
My umbrella protects me from the rain.
The students protested against the unfair exam.
The child protested against having to swallow the medicine.
The striking workers protested their pay cut.
Can you prove that what you said is true?
I don't know how to prove this math equation.
The lawyer's job is to prove that her client is innocent.
The plumber pumped the water out of the pipe.
In swimming pools, water is continuously pumped through a filter.
I pumped five gallons of gas into my car.
Mary punished her daughter for lying.
What's the best way to punish a dog?
Jail is where criminals go to be punished.
I need to purchase health insurance.
The couple wants to purchase a home.
After months of looking, Mary purchased a new dress.
This apple juice is 100% pure.
Please make sure the drinking water is pure.
Mary's wedding ring is made of pure gold.
The water is pure.
The purpose of a roundabout is to slow down traffic.
Tom's purpose in college is to get a degree.
Everybody should have a purpose.
No one had any questions about the plan.
The man raised his hand to ask a question.
Mary was thinking about her question.
Mail service in that country is not quick.
All the workers ate a quick lunch at their desks.
Aspirin can provide quick relief for a headache.
When I'm home alone, the house is too quiet.
Do you have a quiet place where you can do your homework?
Tom likes to spend quiet time alone every day.
Many railroads have been replaced by highways.
Which railroad do you prefer to travel on?
In the United States, most goods still travel by railroad.
Mary raised the mattress in order to change the sheets.
A crane raises heavy construction materials.
I collect rare coins.
Perfect diamonds are extremely rare jewels.
Two-dollar bills are rare in the United States.
The exchange rate of the dollar versus the euro has declined.
At what rate did the illness spread?
I can type at a very fast rate.
I can reach the top shelf.
We have reached our destination.
How did he react to the bad news?
I do not react well to surprises.
The audience members reacted to the speaker with applause.
Tom had no reason to be angry.
What is your reason for your being late to work?
Mary hates her job for many reasons.
The student made a reasonable request.
I am very reasonable with my employees.
My daughter was not reasonable when I asked her to spend less money.
Did you receive my package?
I was happy to receive my paycheck.
Mary received beautiful flowers from her son.
I had a recent conversation with my neighbor.
Recent developments caused them to change their travel plans.
When was your most recent dental appointment?
The recession caused many businesses to close.
How can banks prepare for the next recession?
Tom lost his job during the last recession.
Did you recognize your old classmate?
I don't recognize this shirt. Whose is it?
No one will recognize her in this mask.
We reduced our spending during the recession.
Can you please reduce the volume of the music?
The politician proposed reforms to Congress.
The new law was a major reform.
The protesters demanded government reform.
Tom decided to stop drinking and reform his behavior.
The state is going to reform its drug policies.
Does prison reform criminals?
I refuse to listen to your excuses.
My boss refused my request for a raise.
Tom refuses to eat his vegetables.
Tom's college application was rejected.
My neighbor rejected my request to cut his tree.
My credit card was rejected by the ATM.
I cannot release that information. It is private.
The terrorists released the hostages.
The prisoner asked to be released early.
The bones remained frozen in the ice.
At the end of the party, only two guests remained.
Mom remained in the car while Dad shopped.
The politician was removed from office.
We removed the old furniture.
It's going to be difficult to remove this stain.
The computer repair took all day.
After his knee repair, he could walk without pain.
The mechanic said the repair would not take long.
I hired a professional to repair the stove.
The shoemaker said the shoes were too old to repair.
Tom knows how to repair computers.
The lawyer represented his client at the meeting.
The vice president represented his country at the international conference.
Mary represented her team in the competition.
I would like to make a request.
The teacher submitted a request for more funds.
Tom's loan request was turned down.
The speaker requested that the audience remain silent.
I requested extra salt on my french fries.
Mary requested a raise from her boss.
What type of tools do you require for the job?
I require that all my employees be on time.
Tom is required to wear a suit and tie to work.
Research on the causes of cancer is very expensive.
What kind of research does the organization do?
The scientist is conducting medical research.
I resigned from my position as club treasurer.
The president resigned from office after an investigation showed he had lied to voters.
The young worker was asked to resign.
Gas is an important natural resource.
I use the Internet as a resource for my research.
A library is the best resource for books.
Tom is responsible for preparing the report.
Tom is a responsible driver.
A drunk driver was responsible for the car accident.
Where are the rest of the files?
I put the rest of your clothes in the laundry.
Do you want the rest of my sandwich?
I'm going to rest before I go out.
Mary hopes to rest a lot during her vacation.
Tom likes to rest on the couch after a long day.
Mary restricts the amount of meat in her diet.
The police restricted access to the road.
The hospital restricts the number of visitors who can enter the intensive care unit.
What were the results of the test?
Do you believe global warming is the result of human actions?
Tom's diet resulted in weight loss.
The fight resulted in several arrests.
Two weeks of heavy rain resulted in flooding.
The player retired from the basketball team.
When do you plan to retire from your job?
My wife and I are preparing to retire.
Tom returned the shirt because it was too small.
Tom always hugs his son when he returns from work.
Rice is a grain that feeds billions of people.
Do you prefer white rice or brown rice?
China is the world's leading producer of rice.
We rode a boat to the island.
I don't know how to ride a bicycle.
We rose from our seats when the national anthem was played.
The temperature rose every day for a week.
Our hot-air balloon rose into the sky.
Smoking poses a risk to your health.
I took a risk when I made the investment.
Gamblers enjoy taking risks.
The road is blocked because of an accident.
Do you know which road leads to my house?
The view of the ocean from the road was spectacular.
Tom was robbed while walking late at night.
Pretending to be a friend, the man robbed old people of their social security checks.
Two men wearing masks robbed the bank.
Have you ever gone climbing on rocks?
This old bread is as hard as a rock.
The ship crashed on the rocks.
Some people actually collect rocks.
The children rolled down the hill.
I rolled the dough to make some cookies.
The kitten rolled the yarn across the floor.
Tom's face feels rough because he needs to shave.
The sea was rough because of the storm.
The trail ahead looked rough.
The earth is round, not flat.
The bowl was perfectly round.
Mary adores her baby's cute, round face.
My cat rubbed her head against my shoulder.
Will you rub my shoulders?
Children often rub their eyes when they are tired.
The scandal ruined his career.
Tom ruined the surprise by talking about the party.
Will the coffee stain ruin the carpet?
Have you ever lived in a rural area?
Rural environments are too quiet for me.
Our farm is located in rural Nebraska.
The refugees felt safe in their new country.
It isn't safe to walk alone at night.
It's not safe to drive without wearing a seatbelt.
The earth's moon is a natural satellite.
The first artificial satellite was Sputnik 1, launched by Russia in 1957.
Thousands of satellites orbit around the earth.
Physics is a branch of science.
There are some important questions that science cannot answer.
Young children are often fascinated by science.
Spring is my favorite season.
Summer is the hottest season.
Different flowers bloom in each season.
Tom is seeking a job.
I've been seeking an answer to your question.
My grandfather went to the hospital to seek help for his stomach pain.
Tom was elected to the Senate in 2008.
Tom's sentence was hours of community service.
Tom will finish serving his sentence next month.
The judge gave the woman a three year sentence.
They want to separate after years of marriage.
The mother separated the fighting children.
A river separates the city into east and west.
They are separated, and cannot touch.
My niece is a serious girl.
Our financial problems are serious.
Tom is sick, but it isn't serious.
In my family, the punishment for lying was severe.
The look on my boss's face was severe.
In severe weather, it's best to stay indoors.
Would you like to share my dessert with me?
Did you have to share a bedroom with your brothers or sisters?
The children shared a pizza after school.
My grandmother's death was a big shock.
It was a shock to hear about Tom's divorce.
For Tom, getting fired was an unexpected shock.
The estimate was a complete shock!
Did the test results shock you?
We were shocked when the landlord raised our rent by $200.a month.
The cost of repairing the roof shocked her.
I heard a shout and then a crash.
You don't have to shout. I can hear you.
Tom always shouts when he is angry.
Shouting at your computer will not help.
Mary's sickness does not stop her from enjoying life.
Dirty drinking water can cause sickness.
Chicken pox is a common sickness in children.
The car's left-turn signal was broken.
It's dangerous to ignore the signal at a railroad crossing.
This signal means "don't walk."
The silence in the library was disturbed by the ringing of a cell phone.
Silence makes some people nervous.
Mary and her sister have a similar hairstyle.
Their voices sound similar over the phone.
All American bills are similar in color.
Two dogs can be different, but similar.
Are you satisfied with the political situation in your country?
The economic situation isn't good right now.
I dreamed I was in a very strange situation.
Tiger Woods is famous for his skill as a golfer.
Mary has no musical skill, but she loves to sing.
You can't get a job if you don't have useful skills.
Playing chess requires a certain amount of skill.
Ice is solid.
The skyscraper was built on a solid foundation.
Columns provide a solid foundation.
My brother helped me solve the math problem.
No one was ever able to solve the riddle.
The service agent helped me solve my problem.
Sometimes a clear path can solve the problem.
Bagpipes produce a very strange sound.
I love the sound of children laughing.
Be quiet, please! Don't make a sound.
There's no space in the room for another bed.
Do you wish you could travel in space?
I have a special relationship with my aunt.
Tom only wears a suit on special occasions.
Americans eat special foods on Thanksgiving.
The red chair was set apart. It was special.
Tom spends a lot of time on the phone.
Don't spend more than you earn.
The friends spent a lot of money on their shopping trip.
In rich countries, few people starve.
The people almost starved during the terrible winter.
It was a dry year, and many animals starved.
The Constitution gives certain rights to the states.
California was the 31st state admitted to the United States.
America is made up of states.
The president stated his position on the issue.
The contract states how much we have to pay.
The witness stated his name.
Mary stood as still as a statue when she saw the snake.
I have several statues in my garden.
Have you ever visited the Statue of Liberty?
Tom told the dog to stay.
Our vacation was so much fun that we decided to stay an extra week.
People stay in one place while meditating.
We rested on some stones.
The protesters threw stones at the police.
I love collecting stones at the beach.
There were many snow storms last winter.
People were not prepared for the storm.
Driving during a storm can be dangerous.
Lightning can occur during a storm.
Mary wishes she had straight hair.
The walls in the old house were not straight.
The road stays straight for the next miles.
A strange car was parked in front of my house.
Teenagers often wear strange clothes.
The boxer struck his opponent hard.
Tom struck the wall with his fist.
The workers are striking for better pay.
The new concert hall is a tall, modern, structure.
The structure isn't safe.
Skyscrapers are beautiful structures.
Sometimes I struggle to speak English.
Tom struggled to walk again after the accident.
Tom struggled to climb to the top.
What is the subject of your lecture?
For me, history is a fascinating subject.
Math is her favorite subject in school.
We succeeded in finishing the project.
Mary succeeded in her studies.
Will the experiment succeed?
With hard work, your plans will succeed.
For years, Tom suffered from migraine headaches.
I hate to see animals suffer.
Do you suffer from seasonal allergies?
In her job, she supervises employees.
I supervised the people fixing my bathroom.
The teacher is supervising her students.
While she is writing, her dad will supervise.
Tom's answer surprised me.
Tom's decision to get married surprised his family.
We surprised my cousin with a birthday party.
The Roman Empire survived for a thousand years.
None of the old trees survived the fire.
Could you survive alone in the wilderness?
There were a dozen suspects in the case.
The suspect was told not to leave town.
Tom was arrested as a suspect in a criminal case.
The woman suspected that her son was using drugs.
The teacher suspected the student was cheating.
The policeman suspected the man was guilty.
I am five feet, two inches tall.
Most basketball players are very tall.
The bridge is very long and very tall.
Tom's shot missed the target by two feet.
The center of a target is called a "bull's eye."
You hit the center of the target.
The fruit tastes sweet.
When I have a cold, I cannot taste anything.
Watermelon tastes delicious on a hot day.
Tom pays about 25% of his income in taxes.
Many people hire accountants to help them with their tax returns.
All Americans have to pay their taxes.
The water polo team practices at 5:a.m.
Tom is the captain of the football team.
My son practices with his Little League baseball team every weekend.
I tear my clothes when I work in the garden.
Tom tore the paper in half.
I tore a hole in my jeans when I fell off my bike.
You need technical knowledge to understand how this system works.
The programmer is fixing a technical problem with the computer server.
The world's largest telescope is in the Canary Islands.
They are using a telescope to look at the sky.
You can see the stars using a telescope.
What is the temperature of the water in the pool?
The company hired a temporary office assistant.
The dentist put in a temporary filling.
The roadblock is only temporary. It will be removed when the construction is finished.
Tom's meeting with his boss was very tense.
I am always tense before I get on an airplane.
Tom served two terms in Congress.
By signing a contract, you agree to certain terms and conditions.
We saw a terrible movie last night.
There was a terrible accident on the freeway.
Smoking is terrible for your health.
We drove through unfamiliar territory.
Some Canadian territories have almost no people.
Tom could never forget the terror of war.
Some people have a terror of mice.
The vampire movie filled them with terror.
Terrorists blew up a bus.
Terrorists attacked the World Trade Center in New York City in 2001.
The theater in my neighborhood is being rebuilt.
Would you like to go to the theater this evening?
We waited in the movie theater for the film to start.
Scientists are debating his theory about the disappearance of the dinosaurs.
Albert Einstein's theory of relativity is the most famous formula in the world.
These keys are not mine.
I got these earrings from my grandmother.
These apples look very fresh.
The wall is two meters thick.
The forest is very thick.
I love thick, creamy mushroom soup.
This book is very thick.
The dress is made of a thin fabric.
The dough used for pancakes is thin.
I think fashion models today are too thin.
This laptop computer is very thin.
The ball flew through the air.
We walked through thick bushes.
Many trains pass through the old stone tunnel.
The boys are throwing a ball in the back yard.
In baseball, the pitcher is the player who throws the ball.
The two families have very close ties.
The United States has close ties to Mexico.
The strings are tied together.
The mother tied a ribbon in her daughter's hair.
Tom wrapped the package and tied it with strings.
I always tie my shoes tightly before I go jogging.
The patient's lung tissue was damaged from years of working in a coal mine.
I need a tool for pulling weeds in my garden.
What is the most important tool ever invented?
The plumber used many tools to fix our sink.
A wrench is a commonly used tool.
Tom filled the bucket to the top.
Tom put his wallet on top of the dresser.
Do you think she will reach the top of the mountain?
It was torture for him to see his girlfriend with another man.
It is illegal in the United States for law enforcement to use torture to get information.
In the U.S., it is illegal to torture people in order to get information from them.
The boss tortured the workers with his criticism.
Mary's back pain was torturing her.
Please do not touch the merchandise.
Have you ever touched a dolphin?
Blind people read by touching, using a system of raised dots called Braille.
It finally stopped raining towards evening.
They walked toward the gate.
The confused travelers realized they were headed toward the wrong town.
The town was established in the 18th century.
Life in a small town is boring.
My hometown is located about minutes from a large city.
The two stamp collectors arranged a trade.
Trade between two countries can be complex.
There has been a large increase in trade between the United States and China.
The tragic mistake affected many people.
They both cried after hearing the tragic news.
After hearing the tragic news, he went outside to be alone.
Tom was trained as a doctor.
I trained my dog to bring me the newspaper in the morning.
They hired a moving company to transport their belongings to their new home.
Many goods are transported across the globe by ship.
Steel traps are illegal.
We set out traps for catching cockroaches.
The mouse was lured into the trap by a big piece of cheese.
It is an act of treason to sell military secrets to your country's enemies.
In some countries, the punishment for treason can be life in prison.
Tom treats his employees generously.
The therapist is treating the patient for a back injury.
This package requires special treatment.
What's a good treatment for insomnia?
Medicine is a treatment for illness.
Many countries have signed a treaty to eliminate nuclear weapons.
When two countries end a war, they sign a peace treaty.
The accused thief is on trial now.
Many newspaper reporters attended the trial.
The witness did not seem nervous when he spoke at the trial.
The investment firm tricked customers into buying worthless stock.
Magicians trick their audience into believing they have special powers.
Tom is away on a business trip.
We are planning a trip to New York.
Our biking trip in the French Alps lasted two weeks.
The company is in financial trouble.
I do not want to cause you any trouble.
My little brother likes to make trouble at school.
The street was blocked by a huge truck.
Tom drives a truck for a living.
We rented a truck to move our furniture.
The subway in London is known as "the Tube."
Please buy a tube of toothpaste.
An artist uses many tubes of paint to make a large painting.
Please turn around and look at me.
I tossed and turned in bed all night.
One day this caterpillar will turn into a beautiful butterfly.
The river flows under the bridge.
Mary is wearing two sweaters under her coat.
Tom is hiding under the table.
We couldn't understand what the baby was trying to say.
Tom doesn't understand how to use a computer.
All the neighbors united to clean up the park.
In 2008, Delta and Northwest airlines united to form the world's largest airline.
The workers united to solve the problem.
There are billions of stars in the universe.
How old is the universe?
The universe is endless.
Tom's dream is to go to a university in England.
Dr. Johnson is a professor at the university.
My daughter graduated from the university today.
You can't park in a handicapped parking space unless you have a special permit.
Unless I hear from you, I'll plan to meet you at five.
I will not go unless it stops raining.
Last night we worked until p.m.
The children played outside until dark.
The card was valid until January, 2006.
The cost of gasoline keeps on going up.
The cat climbed up the tree.
When I was small, my father used to throw me up in the air.
Mary urged her son to take an umbrella.
The doctor urged the patient to stop smoking.
Mary urged her parents to let her go out with her friends.
The manager called an urgent staff meeting.
Tom received an urgent message to call his wife.
I need to get to this meeting now.
The boss said it's urgent!
Tom said he would write to us.
They saw us yesterday.
Would you like to play with us?
Tom used old towels to dry the dog.
Mary doesn't use salt in her cooking.
The thief used a screwdriver to break into the car.
I'll meet you at the usual time.
This cold weather isn't usual for June.
They're late, as usual.
Workers in France receive four weeks of paid vacation each year.
Where did you go on your summer vacation?
We took a family vacation to Tahiti.
Scientists haven't found a vaccine for cancer yet.
Jonas Salk developed the polio vaccine in 1952.
In 2010, there was a shortage of H1Nvaccine.
Squaw Valley, California, is one of the largest ski resorts in the United States.
The valley was twenty miles wide.
We hiked through a beautiful green valley.
Your friendship has great value to me.
What is the value of an average home in your area?
Broccoli is one of the healthiest vegetables.
Bok choy is a vegetable used in Chinese cooking.
Tom doesn't like eating vegetables.
Tom can drive almost any kind of vehicle.
Tom's favorite vehicle is a Ford truck.
Soldiers go on patrol in a military vehicle.
The book is available in both hard and soft-cover versions.
This dictionary isn't the most recent version.
I just bought the latest version of this MPplayer.
The President vetoed the law after Congress passed it.
Mary's parents vetoed her summer plans.
The bank vetoed my student loan application.
Tom is the victim of a terrible crime.
Victims of the hurricane received financial aid from the government.
The firefighter helped the car-accident victim.
Winning the election was a great victory for the candidate's political party.
It was a victory for the whole country when he finished first in the race.
She was born in a remote village in Nepal.
The village does not have a post office.
The village is located high up in the mountains.
We sued the insurance company because it violated the terms of our policy.
Tom got a ticket for violating a traffic law.
People were told to stay indoors because of the violence in the streets.
Many parents believe that there is too much violence on TV.
Tom caught a virus and had to stay home from work.
Under a microscope, some viruses appear quite beautiful.
Americans need a visa to travel to China.
We don't need a visa to go to France.
I have many visas in my passport because I travel a lot for my job.
I can't wait to visit my grandmother.
Which countries have you visited?
It's fun to visit old friends.
The opera singer has a beautiful voice.
My teacher has a very soft voice.
Singers use microphones to make their voices louder.
It's dangerous to live near a volcano.
The eruption of a volcano in Iceland caused many problems for European travelers.
Tom won the election by just three votes.
The family took a vote on the type of restaurant they wanted to go to for dinner.
Every vote counts in an election.
Americans vote for a new president every four years.
I didn't vote in the last election.
The employees voted on the manager's proposal.
The workers receive their wages every Friday.
I try to save 10% of my wages each month.
In most countries, teachers do not receive high wages.
Please put the table next to the wall.
What color are the walls in your room?
The Great Wall of China is more than 5,miles long.
The Great Wall of China is over 5,miles long.
I like my soup to be warm, not hot.
It was a warm day, so we went swimming.
It was nice and warm inside the house.
The doctor warned him against smoking.
The teacher warned us that the test would be hard.
The sign warned people not to park.
It's Mary's turn to wash the dishes.
How often do you wash your hair?
You should wash your hands before you eat.
That computer class was a waste of time.
Please put your waste in the bins outside.
Many tons of waste go into the landfill each month.
It's illegal to waste water here.
Stop wasting time and get back to work.
My mother taught me not to waste money.
The family is watching a movie together.
Watch what you're doing!
Do you like to watch sports on television?
She's afraid to swim in large waves.
In the United States, a wave means "good bye."
The beaches in Hawaii are famous for their huge waves.
What's the fastest way to get to Boston?
Do you know a good way to learn new words?
Barbecuing is one way to cook meat.
The old woman is too weak to get out of bed.
People do not trust a weak government.
Tom is too weak to lift himself.
Tom has great wealth, but he is not happy.
It takes luck and hard work to achieve wealth.
What would you do if you had great wealth?
The museum has an exhibit of ancient weapons.
Does your country have nuclear weapons?
Soldiers are trained to use weapons.
Police are trained to use weapons.
It's raining, but she's not wearing a coat.
The little girl doesn't like to wear shoes.
What do you usually wear to work?
Every morning I read about the weather in the newspaper.
Tom goes jogging in every kind of weather.
The weather is beautiful today.
Every website has a unique address.
Mary has a website for her business.
Mary welcomed her mother with a kiss.
The teacher welcomed the new students.
The United States welcomes immigrants from many countries.
How many languages do you speak well?
The children work well together.
My house is on the west side of the street.
Mary's office is two miles west of her house.
The sun always sets in the west.
Be careful! The floor is wet.
The sidewalks were wet after the rain.
Cats don't like to get wet.
Your feet feel good when they are wet.
The United States exports wheat all over the world.
Some people are allergic to wheat.
The accident damaged her car's front wheels.
It's not known who first invented the wheel.
A unicycle has one wheel.
Have you heard whether Tom got the job?
I'm not sure whether to stay home or go out.
Mary can't decide whether or not to buy the dress.
Which color do you prefer, blue or green?
Which of your parents do you resemble?
Which dessert should he eat?
Tom read a magazine while he waited for the bus.
While Mary was in college, she worked for a lawyer.
It's not safe to text while you drive.
Every Saturday we clean the whole house.
Tom spent the whole day reading in bed.
Will he eat the whole cake?
The final piece makes up the whole pie.
The sofa is wide enough for four people to sit on.
My living room has wide windows.
The Mississippi River is deep and wide.
The dam blocking the river is very wide.
Some wild cats live under my neighbor's house.
Most of the Amazon jungle is still wild.
Millions of wild animals live in Alaska.
I'm not willing to cook dinner for twenty people.
Are you willing to drive me to the station?
Friends are always willing to help each other.
Tom won $10,in the lottery.
The Republican candidate won the election.
Tom won the race.
The wind knocked the birdhouse out of the tree.
The wind blew her hair into her eyes.
Wind is a cheap and clean source of energy.
I was born in the winter.
The sun goes down by p.m. in the winter.
It's fun to build a snowman in winter.
The hotel provided a wire in the bathroom for hanging wet clothes.
The children made sculptures out of wire.
Do you see the bird on the telephone wire?
Who is the wisest person you know?
You made a wise decision.
Tom decided it would be wiser to study than to go out with friends.
Older men are usually very wise.
I have no wish to live in a large city.
It's an American tradition to make a wish on your birthday.
Mary withdrew her application for the job.
When he's sad, he withdraws from other people.
Many people use ATMs to withdraw money.
Mary can cook anything without using a recipe.
My friends went to the movies without me.
You can't travel overseas without a passport.
Have you ever been a witness in a court case?
Six witnesses said they saw Tom cheating on the exam.
There were no witnesses to the crime.
It's a wonder they're still awake.
Venice, Italy is one of the wonders of the world.
The pyramids of Egypt are one of the seven wonders of the world.
Tom wonders if it's true.
I wonder what time it is.
Have you ever wondered how many stars are in the sky?
Mr. Johnson is a wonderful music teacher.
The cool air felt wonderful on my face.
The view of the ocean was wonderful.
All the floors in her house are made of wood.
In California, most houses have frames of wood.
Tom makes beautiful furniture out of wood.
There are more than six billion people in the world.
My mother makes the best cakes in the world.
From space, the world looks very small.
My mother worries about everything.
Tom worries about making mistakes at work.
Today, many people worry about losing their jobs.
Many people worry about paying their bills.
Tom speaks French worse than English.
The weather today is worse than yesterday.
Tom's fever is getting worse.
Tom needs to call a doctor.
The worth of friendship is greater than gold.
What is the worth of a jar full of pennies?
Can you guess the worth of the diamond?
In older people, wounds take a long time to heal.
The divorce left the man with emotional wounds.
The wound stopped hurting after he put a band-aid on it.
I was wounded by her comments.
A wounded whale washed up on the beach.
Mary treated her wounded knee.
After the hurricane, their house was a wreck.
A hundred people were hurt in a train wreck.
Driving on a slippery road can lead to a car wreck.
I wrote the wrong address on the envelope.
Parents teach their children that it's wrong to lie.
Be careful not to drive the wrong way on a one-way street.
The x-ray showed two broken fingers.
Dentists take x-rays to examine your teeth.
The doctors are looking at an x-ray.
Tom has lived in Chicago for a year.
What year is it?
I love my yellow sweater.
The garden was full of beautiful yellow flowers.
In the United States, school buses are yellow.
Tom's birthday was yesterday.
Yesterday was the last day of school.
Scientists haven't found a cure for cancer yet.
The flights haven't left yet.
It's easier to learn a new language when you are young.
Most young adults enjoy going out at night.
A young dog is called a "puppy."
There are two zeros in the number "2010."
Zero comes before one.
The world's largest zoo is in Berlin, Germany.
Have you visited a zoo in your country?
The little boy is at the zoo.
Zebras and giraffes are found at a zoo.
The killer confessed his terrible act.
We've only picked off ripe fruit.
The reason will never be known.
I'm coming from the garden.
It's Greek to me.
It's Chinese to me.
Many people use cash machines to withdraw money.
The mayor of Naples has apologised to a US tourist who was beaten up by local residents shortly after he was mugged.
The dog followed its master, wagging its tail.
There is frost on the road.
I saw my Twitter account suspended after a while.
Merry Christmas and a happy New Year to everyone.
There was a savour of bitterness in his voice.
There was a savour of bitterness in her voice.
Only a fool doesn't fear the sea.
The beautiful French language is lost.
I'm an idealist. I don't know where I'm going, but I'm on my way.
Time is the coin of your life. You spend it. Do not allow others to spend it for you.
Let the fruit-tree come to bloom.
He ran to his mother in the library.
He does nothing but watch TV all day long.
He gazed at me.
He held a pen in his hands.
He dedicated himself to biology studies for almost ten years.
His face was enlightened by happiness.
Her face was enlightened by happiness.
I have no friends to play with.
He described the incident in detail.
The arrow missed its target.
I am astigmatic.
I have astigmatism.
I couldn't put up with that noise any longer.
A long caravan of camel was heading to the West.
One year later, Paul was born.
Alain tells me that it doesn't work, so I'm running tests to know if it works.
I can't trust him.
The batteries in my calculator are dead.
Do you ever happen to snack between meals?
Do you ever happen to nibble between meals?
She got up to answer the phone.
We can see things in the distance using a telescope.
I wish it was Valentine's Day!
I can't wait for Valentine's Day!
You are good at speaking English, aren't you?
Any book will do provided it is interesting.
It's a deep feeling, yes really.
Iceland entered into an alliance with France.
Don't count your chickens before they hatch.
No one is bound to the impossible, except me!
It's bogus.
It's phony.
Culture is like jam, the less you have, the more you spread it.
I can't leave work until five o'clock.
I had a dream last night, about silk and fine cloth or about equality and fair trial.
It's a unique device able to make stress and melancholy vanish.
All that work exhausted me.
Software is like sex: it's better when it's free.
I take a bath once a day.
She focused on her work.
Is this true?
Oh my god, it's delicious!
I never would have thought that I would meet you here.
My pastime is collecting insects.
I can't resist her.
Stop resisting!
He is wearing a woolen sweater.
He wears a woolen sweater.
After having spent so much money on Christmas gifts, she found herself in a tough spot.
Four of my favorite Christmas carols are "Silent Night," "Joy to the World," "The First Noel" and "Away in the Manger."
"Jingle Bells," a popular song around Christmas time, is not really a Christmas song. The lyrics say nothing about Christmas.
He was given a detention for being out after curfew.
She closed her eyes, pursed her lips and leaned forward for a kiss.
I like watching movies.
Next year is the year of the rabbit.
There is a custom of eating buckwheat noodles on New Year's Eve in Japan.
There is a custom of eating rice cakes for New Year's in Japan.
Nothing beats the pleasure of mutual understanding when using a foreign language.
The true gifts of Christmas are love and peace. You cannot buy them in a store.
The animals which live on farms are domesticated.
Sheep are raised for their wool and meat.
I am very pleased to receive this from you.
What is the continent with the most people living on it in the world?
I burnt my fingertip.
Everyone who knows him, respects him.
How many colors are there?
Translating languages is very difficult.
How did I oversleep even though I went to bed early?!
I overslept because I stayed up late.
I'm going to buy a cell phone tomorrow.
I'm going to buy a mobile phone tomorrow!
I'm gonna get a cell phone tomorrow!
Can you not sense the mood?
Can't you read between the lines?
Cows eat grass.
He just ate. I'm always eating.
My father fixes broken chairs.
Today, the Ministry of Health announced that it has stopped distribution of and is recalling a medicine for children due to the problem of heart related side effects. The government has taken this into account and has forbidden the importation of this medicine.
Compared to Tokyo, London is small.
London is smaller than Tokyo.
Please prepare a CD player so that you can quickly playback the sound you want to record.
How about putting something on the front or the back?
Did you come by train?
People pursue more freedom and equality.
Please don't tell this to your parents.
The bee flew to the flower.
He was born in Switzerland.
He is Swiss born.
Will you be home tonight?
The store is also open at night.
Better bread without butter than cake without freedom.
He returned from China.
It is difficult to catch a rabbit by hand.
It's P.M.
This explanation doesn't mean anything!
It is a very sad tale.
I was raised in Tokyo.
I was born in Tokyo.
I'm waiting for her to come here.
What would German be without commas!
Although he is rich, he is not happy.
I'll explain to you how to use it when I come back.
He looked at him in the mirror.
This is not about my capabilities. Even if I never had heard the slightest sound of english, I still could kneel down and put my face on the ground to show my submission. But who can force me into that?
Of course I remember you! We used to be best friends when we went to elementary school!
My father lost his work.
She moved to the USA because her father died some months after you went to France.
The last time I called her she told me that she wants to get back to Italy.
I guess you have changed a lot. I imagine what kind of beautiful young lady you've become...
Don't vilify me!
Can you unjam the printer?
Can you unclog the toilet?
Try not to splatter the ink.
The title of the book should be italicized.
What languages do you speak?
Do you have money?
He blackmailed me.
Don't treat me like a kid.
Your book is here.
He was born and raised in Tokyo.
I'm afraid that my wishes will not be fulfilled.
The police officer wore a bulletproof vest.
He's always on time.
Wanker.
I lent him a book but he still hasn't returned it.
It's not what I wanted to say.
Ask her when she comes back.
We discussed the subject at length.
There are some good marriages, but there are no delicious ones.
My baby brother still wets his bed.
I used my windshield wiper to clean the snow on my window.
My wrists were sore after lifting wieghts.
The boxer weaved out the way to avoid getting hit.
My friend gave a me typical reaction after I scared him.
I tracked down the enemy through the sniper scope.
I felt an uncomfortable tightness in my chest.
English is tougher for me than math.
We toured all the major cities.
I need a tighter grip on my possessions.
I quench my thirst with a cold glass of water.
The nonviolent actions of Martin Luther King inspired many people.
Predators always prey on unsuspecting victims.
My friend always accuses me of doing wrong things.
I have accustomed myself to work long hours.
I am accustoming to this life style.
Their accustoms were different from ours.
Children below the age of have an underdeveloped frontal lobe that might cause them to be unable to separate reality from fantasy. Some of them might believe that there are monsters in their closet or under the bed, for example. They are also sometimes unable to distinguish dreams from reality.
They are not used to our customs yet.
The annoying advertiser called my house.
Doctors advertise the flu shot every year.
He speaks quickly.
I talked to my advisors about which classes to take.
I received an advisory notice about my electricity cutting off this month.
They were afforded the opportunity to work for the government.
I can't afford much because of the economy we are in.
I wondered aimlessly to find something fun to do.
I am surprised by how aimlessness can affect people.
I study languages ambitiously.
I am very positive and ambitious for my goals.
I tilted my camera at a better angle.
Murderers and thieves can come from any angle.
Let's approach this from a different angle.
The pitcher threw the balled angled towards the batter.
His face grew angrier when he saw his girlfriend kiss another guy.
I'm angry that she didn't call me.
His face was the angriest out of everyones.
I've never seen anyone look so angry like that in my life.
There was an angry crowd gathered outside the courthouse causing a riot.
What caused you to be angry?
He got angry when he found out about their plans.
He sent an angry customer to the manager.
She gave me a dirty look.
I apologize for disturbing you like this.
We apologize for his rudeness.
We apologize for the mistake and promise that it won't happen again.
He apologized to his wife and children for losing his temper.
I have no intention of apologizing.
The audience applauded his efforts.
The crowd whistled and applauded at President Obama's speech.
We applaud the decision to lower taxes.
I approve of this message.
I don't approve of the way he bullies others.
You must obtain approval before you can go.
I don't approve of them dating each other.
I don't always approve of his methods.
The cook drew approving comments from across the table.
What is there in your bedroom?
What is there to see in Malvern?
What's the matter with him?
What is today's date?
What is your job?
What is your opinion?
What is your phone number?
What is your registration number?
What is your surname?
What kind of fish is this?
What kind of monkeys are those?
What kind of music do you have?
What make of car is it?
What rate of exchange is today?
What room would you like to reserve?
What rooms are there in your house?
What shall we buy him for his birthday?
What shirt is pink?
What shoes are too big?
What shoes are too small?
What shoes do you like?
What shoes fit well?
What size cake do you need?
What size do you take?
What street is this?
What sunglasses are pink?
What sweater do you like more?
What time does my flight arrive?
What time does my flight depart?
What time shall I call back?
What to do?
What to drink?
What toy is big?
Which t-shirt is red?
What type of animals can I find here?
What type of job are you looking for?
What was the weather like when you went out this morning?
What will be the fastest?
What will the weather be like tomorrow?
What would you like to drink today?
What would you like to eat today?
What year was that piece made?
What's the restaurant's speciality?
What's for dinner?
What's it to you?
What's my prescription?
What's that animal's name?
What's the distance from here to Salamanca?
What's the name of my doctor?
What's the name of that piece?
What's the name of that station?
What's the name of this fruit?
What's the name of your web page?
What's the side effect?
What's the temperature now?
What's the weather in your country now?
What's the weather like today?
What's this zoo's name?
What's your blog about?
What's your debt?
What's your diagnostic?
What's your e-mail address?
What's your favorite day?
When can I travel?
When did it happen?
When did you go?
When do you drink coffee?
When do you eat breakfast?
When do you eat dinner?
When do you want me to call you?
When do you write?
When does it open?
When I am sitting next to the window, I feel sick.
When I found the restaurant, my friends had already had supper.
When is my first work day?
When is my next appointment?
When is my surgery?
When is the next departure?
When it's hot, I go swim. When it rains, I like to play chess.
When must I go on board?
When she was back, she said you were playing truant and they wanted to throw you out of the school.
How long will it take for the letter to arrive?
When will we arrive at Barcelona?
When you have time you should read this book.
Where are the crocodiles?
Where are the giraffes?
Where are the lions and tigers?
Where are the paintings?
Where are the restrooms?
Where are the toilets?
Where are you all from?
Where are you going this afternoon?
Where are your red meats?
Where can I buy a bathing suit?
Where can I buy a map of the city?
Where can I buy a toothbrush?
Where can I develop these photos?
Where can I exchange money?
Where can I find an authentic food restaurant?
Where can I find the produce?
Where can I get a cab?
Where can I get a map?
Where can I get information?
Where can I mail these letters?
Where can I place these beers?
Where can I take a tour of the city?
Where can we park the car?
Where did she learn to cook so well?
Where did you buy that dress?
Where do I turn?
Where do they live?
Where do you all live?
Where do you want to eat tonight?
Where do you write?
Where does your grandmother live?
Where is he practicing?
Where can I buy a program?
Where is a bakery?
Where is it?
Where is mom?
Where is my luggage?
Where is Retiro park?
Where is the bird's area?
Where is the cathedral located?
Where is the embassy?
Where is the entrance?
Where is the exit?
Where is the gate?
Where is the laundry mat?
Where is the nearest metro station?
Where is the Palace of Fine Arts?
Where is there a drugstore where they understand English?
Where is there a restaurant?
Where is your underwear section?
Let's go to the park where it is not noisy.
Where shall we have breakfast today?
Where were you born?
Where's the bakery?
Where's the children's section?
Where's the ice?
Where's the men's section?
Where's the party?
Where's the women's section?
Where's the zoo located?
Where's your bakery?
Where's your shoe department?
Which direction were they heading in?
Which do you like?
Which floor is it?
Which is brown?
Which is new?
Which is old?
Which one do you prefer?
Which sports do you like?
Which train takes me to downtown?
Who are the members of the board?
Who are the voting members?
Who are those children?
Who do I report to?
Who is the Administrative Assistant?
Who is the Assistant Manager?
Who is the man who was talking with you?
Who is the secretary?
Who is the treasurer?
Who plays golf?
Who represent the executive management?
Who sings that song?
Who's wearing the blue T-shirt?
Who wears the sunglasses?
Who's the company's president?
Who's the owner of this property?
Who's your daddy, bitch?
Whom are you going out with now?
Where is my office?
Why are there people in the dining room?
Why are there people in the living room?
Why are you drinking water?
Why are you in the bathroom?
Why are you washing your hands?
Why are you wearing a sweater?
Why did you buy flowers?
Why do you need a new ladder?
Why do you need a new television?
Why do you need a new umbrella?
Why does the dog smell bad?
Why is dad in the kitchen?
Why is mom washing the dog?
Why weren't you at school yesterday?
Will you allow me to go with you?
Will you check the tires?
Will you go to the movies with me?
Will you lubricate the car?
Will you telephone for me?
Will you wake me at seven?
Will you wrap this package neatly for me?
With a good trainer, the swimmer is bound to win.
With so much noise I couldn't sleep last night.
With the fever that you have you cannot go out of the house.
With whom are you eating dinner?
With whom are you eating lunch?
I can get a gun for you within five hours.
If you want to lose weight, spend a day without meals.
Would you like a place by window or by passage?
Would you like anything else?
Would you like bread?
Would you like to come out with me?
Would you like to come to my parents' house?
Would you like to go for a walk?
Would you like to go to dinner?
Would you like to try the car before buying it?
Would you mind leaving it until tomorrow?
Would you please bring up another pillow?
Write a composition of ten sentences.
Write it down!
Write me when you arrive.
Write soon!
Write Spanish.
Yes, I have a daughter.
Yes, fits me well.
Yes, I have insurance.
Yes, I speak Spanish.
Yes, it can be done very easily.
Yes, it's true. And you?
Yes, please.
Yes, it's pretty, but I don't like red.
Yes, she wanted. I gave her your notebook.
Yes, this one is very nice. How much does it cost?
Yes. Always when I can.
Yesterday I went to the doctor and when I came back I wrote the essay myself.
You are from Columbia.
You are hot!
You are my life.
You are right. I will go by taxi.
You are so beautiful. What are you doing this evening?
You are the light of my eyes.
You are too big.
You are welcome.
You can buy almost everything in the big department store.
You can change it for another one.
You can go by bus, by metro or on foot.
You can go for walks on the hills.
You can go to the theatre, the cinema, or the swimming pool.
You can have breakfast between and 9.
You can learn as much in the library as in school.
You can park behind the hotel.
You can't trust anybody.
You don't have to be a genius to know who said that.
You go to bed at eleven o'clock.
You have an entry ticket.
You have a fever and should not go out.
You have a message.
You have to call the doctor and make an appointment.
You have to go often for maches.
You have to open the envelope carefully so as not to damage the cheque.
You have to take bus number 12.
You live in my heart.
You look great in this photo!
You made it!
You must go to the dentist.
You must make an effort.
You must put on your overcoat.
You must take this cough syrup.
You must take your passport to the bank.
You need an entry ticket.
You need money?
Do you need the keys?
You owe me $1,000.
You owe me.
You should do it this way.
You should go to specialist, for now I will prescribe you medicine.
You sign here, please.
You smell like shit.
You speak Spanish very well.
You teach Arabic.
You tie a knot in it and that's it.
You want to pay in cash?
You want to pay with a check?
You want to pay with a credit card?
You wash yourself.
You went back to the camp leaving me alone in the primeval forest.
You won't get anything by shouting.
You, what do you like to do?
You'll be able to take many pictures with your new camera.
You'll have to come back in a while: the man dealing with that business has just gone out.
You'll have to get a move on if you want to catch the train.
You're very kind.
You've put on weight.
You can use this phone.
Your mum eats shit.
Your room number is five hundred four: five-oh-four.
You're very sexy.
The old man arched his back.
He was ashamed of the grades he got.
I am not ashamed to be seen with them.
I am ashamed to call you my friend.
His appearance and behavior made me ashamed of him.
I am ashamed about what happened yesterday.
Ashamedly, I went along with it.
Some people never fail to astonish me.
What astonishes me is that he never learns his lesson.
The astonishing blow finished the match.
I hate unfinished business.
I had perfect attendance this year.
My attendance is necessary.
She attracted the wrong kind of people.
Her voluptuous body attracted me.
Negative electrons attract positive electrons.
I did not want to attract attention.
I was attracted to the idea of helping others and getting money.
Her beauty attracted everyone in the room.
His charade attracted negative attention.
The attractiveness of his charisma made other people listen.
My aunty is feeling sick.
I was strolling down the avenue.
The accident was entirely avoidable.
I want to cut down any avoidable costs.
His stupidity was unavoidable.
Why do you keep avoiding me?
He took a detour to avoid the heavy traffic.
We need to avoid any further delays.
He was caught trying to avoid getting arrested.
I am trying to avoid any arguments.
They avoided each other for days.
I'm not going to be late if I can avoid it.
This problem is not avoidable.
He has completely avoided being sentimental.
Is this what you want?
Can you give me more food?
Are you a leader or a follower?
Are you interested in promotional opportunities?
Aren't you a little young for this position?
Can you describe the ideal supervisor-subordinate relationship?
Can you name the situations in which a supervisor should use a direct order?
Can you say how employees may be recognized for excellent performance?
Can you tell me how you completed all your work at a time your course load was very heavy?
I'm 27.
Jim was sewing loops on a flag this morning.
I can't remember her address no matter how much I try.
I can't remember her phone number no matter how much I try.
I can't remember her name.
Can you tell me what the major sources of conflict in organisations are?
Can you tell us about your experience in developing technical materials?
Can you tell us what quality that you possess is the most outstanding?
Do you have plans for additional education?
Do you work well under pressure?
Does that suit you?
I'm years old.
I'm 24.
Smoking kills.
My wife's father is my father-in-law.
Peas and carrots are common ingredients in soups.
Mother-in-law jokes are funny because they're true.
I was born in 1972.
He speaks really well.
Riding in the car is for kids.
He hurt himself during yesterday's game.
You appear to think of other things.
She speaks English really well.
Can I pay with a travelers check?
He is more clever than me.
He is more clever than I am.
This watch costs CFA francs.
Where is the restroom?
In many dialects of English, the letter Z is pronounced "zed", not "zee".
Is it a yes or a no?
If human life is convex, we can optimize it.
You were alive when you were born and you are alive at this moment, so you must have been alive at every point in between. That implies that everyone's life is convex.
Maybe after easter, spring will come.
In today's society, the media encourage young people to strive for success.
It is often assumed that this success means wealth, prestige or fame.
Marrying someone from a different background or country will always be more problematic than marrying someone from your own.
If there were an accident, we would have to report it.
I was told I would feel better after this medicine.
Every morning he would go for a walk.
Would you help me post these letters?
Would you help me post this letter?
It would be impossible to estimate how many crimes went undetected last year.
She would keep interrupting me.
If you pressed that button, the engine would stop.
I don't want to see your face ever again.
Do you speak Chinese well?
You have to face the facts.
Some people stared at me awkwardly.
You don't have to do it so awkwardly.
They arrived at an awkward time.
She bent awkwardly in front of me.
That is an awkward amount of weight to carry.
His style was awkward.
I felt awkward around them.
That was an awkward moment.
There was an awkward pause.
Her awkwardness was uncanny.
She was awkward and reserved at parties.
I sensed the awkwardness in the room.
He felt awkward after she kissed him.
The boy and the girl felt awkward after they confessed their love for each other.
His awkward skills with his hands surprised me.
He walked awkwardly down the street.
The earth revolves on its axis once every hours.
The employees would soon be given the ax by the company.
He claims that has no ax to grind with him.
I had to get the axes to chop the wood.
Many workers are facing the ax in the assembly department.
The door had been axed by the firefighters.
The president promised to ax government spending.
We're not axing Grandma out of the nursing home.
The principal was axing students and teachers out of classrooms.
Hush!
The bagging was quite expensive.
Please don't look over here again.
He is afraid of Father.
He packed his lunch in a paper bag.
The tired old lady had bags under her eyes.
He put his money in the bag.
I had bags of energy.
An interfering old bag didn't keep her mouth shut.
The cashier bagged the customer's groceries.
We bagged the fruits and vegetables.
We bagged two hot girls tonight.
We've bagged many awards for excellence.
We need to get there early to bag a seat in the front row.
All the positions are full.
We are not hiring anymore.
You came too late.
These jeans are baggy.
He bagged all of his hopes of getting into first place.
Breath through the bag.
He stuffed his laundry into a large bag.
I put all my belongings in a plastic bag.
I didn't have enough space to fit my lunch in the bag.
Don't put that in the bag.
Don't put anything in the bag.
Don't take out anything from the bag.
Can you please watch my bag?
Who went into my bag?
Who stole something from my bag?
That bag looks expensive.
My shopping bag broke.
Would you like a plastic bag or a paper bag?
Don't touch my bag.
Give me back my bag.
You should check your bag to see if anything is missing.
How much does this bag cost?
My book bag is very heavy.
I do not have anything in my bag.
My bag is empty.
Why is my bag empty?
Who went inside my bag?
I did not take anything from his bag.
Who's bag is this for?
Can I check into your bag for security purposes.
Someone stole my bag.
I still need to eat breakfast.
I haven't eaten for days.
I am going to pick up my brother from school.
My brother is waiting for me at the school.
This is a random sentence.
I am a very busy person.
Today is half off at the mexican restaurant called qdoba.
I got this in the bag.
My room looks like a mess.
If we have a problem we can take it outside.
I need to catch up the lost time.
I have to catch up the lost time.
I cannot remember her name.
She needs assistance.
Pal, you're a pussy.
They fucked all night long.
The alarm clock is ringing.
Going down on somebody is an art.
Then I can still have five more minutes of sleep.
Anyhow it will be a good idea to hurry up.
Hey Pandark, how did you became so famous that Pharamp started writing sentences about you?
Jonathan Swift would defend me.
Oleg is happy that someone loves him.
My roommates have already explained to me who Bjrk is.
My neighbours have already explained to me who Bjrk is.
I discovered the truth.
We were obliged to abandon our plan.
She remarried when she was in her mid-forties.
Don't you believe it is strange that I should live alone?
Do you jack it off often?
I don't give a fuck.
He can't tell the real thing from the fake.
In autumn all the leaves on the mountain change color.
The entire mountain changes color in autumn.
Everyone must protect their own family.
He acknowledges the danger.
You must work diligently.
Give me a cut, wash and dry please.
Today is very warm.
I'm leaving first.
I'm leaving, please excuse me.
Thanks for your hard work.
Translated into many languages, The International has been and is still singing symbol of social struggles around the world.
The park is nice and comfortable.
There are many countries that are suffering unemployment. In other words, there are many young people that are not guaranteed a future and are late for the train called life.
Hey, I'm Mike.
Robots just do things, they don't think at all.
My family is from Malaysia.
Musk is one of the best scents.
I spent the best times of my life at my grandfather's house.
Poets select the best words.
I went to swim in the river yesterday.
Everybody has weaknesses.
He made an official visit to the French president the day before yesterday.
Italy is a peninsula.
Esperanto, with its 130-year history and abundant literature, can be mastered in one tenth of the time required for learning one of the widespread national languages.
There are no comments for now.
Sappho was a famous Lesbian poet.
To survive in a hostile environment, one must be able to improvise and be tenacious.
Can you please leave me alone?
You are here now in a doctor's surgery.
First of all, I will ask you a few questions and then examine you.
The workers banded together to go on strike and fight the company.
We need to band together to beat the enemy.
Please answer either by nodding or shaking your head.
I have wads of rubber bands.
The sword is banded with steel to make it stronger.
Please write the answer on this piece of paper.
There are other possibilities with regard to this question and you will find numbers next to the variants.
Indicate the applicable numeral, by holding up the corresponding number of fingers.
All the questions apply to your sick child.
Philosophy teaches us to feel uncertain about the things that seem to us self-evident. Propaganda, on the other hand, teaches us to accept as self-evident matters about which it would be reasonable to suspend our judgment or to feel doubt.
I'm afraid of losing my obscurity. Genuineness only thrives in the dark. Like celery.
Facts do not cease to exist because they are ignored.
Habit converts luxurious enjoyments into dull and daily necessities.
It is man's intelligence that makes him so often behave more stupidly than the beasts. ... Man is impelled to invent theories to account for what happens in the world. Unfortunately, he is not quite intelligent enough, in most cases, to find correct explanations.
Please take it easy, we will help you.
The propagandist's purpose is to make one set of people forget that certain other sets of people are human.
So long as men worship the Caesars and Napoleons, Caesars and Napoleons will duly rise and make them miserable.
There's only one corner of the universe you can be certain of improving, and that's your own self.
Happiness is not achieved by the conscious pursuit of happiness; it is generally the by-product of other activities.
Most human beings have an almost infinite capacity for taking things for granted.
The trouble with fiction... is that it makes too much sense. Reality never makes sense.
Liberty, as we all know, cannot flourish in a country that is permanently on a war footing, or even a near war footing. Permanent crisis justifies permanent control of everybody and everything by the agencies of central government.
That men do not learn very much from the lessons of history is the most important of all the lessons that history has to teach.
An intellectual is a person who has discovered something more interesting than sex.
Because machines could be made progressively more and more efficient, Western man came to believe that men and societies would automatically register a corresponding moral and spiritual improvement.
I ate a quarter of the cake.
I spent the whole day cleaning up the room.
I need a painkiller.
You're not gonna die, eh?
She has her faults, but I like her.
There is a book about dancing on the desk.
You're very stylish today.
Wives, submit yourselves to your own husbands as you do to the Lord. For the husband is the head of the wife as Christ is the head of the church, his body, of which he is the Savior.
I've never had Chinese food.
Stracciatella ice-cream is nothing but a plain ice-cream with chocolate chips.
I don't know whether he'll come or not.
Buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo.
It's better.
He has invited me to attend his wedding.
She has invited me to attend her wedding.
She really is a good lay.
I like to travel.
Today is a boring day.
I need to find something interesting to do.
Come, Emilia! Your father is waiting for you.
Unfortunately, the soup is only warm.
Please replace it.
Should I wait for you tomorrow in front of the opera house?
The revolution ushered in a new era.
Our ancestral home is in Tongli, Jiangsu.
The second lesson is very simple.
What lesson do you like most of all?
Grant us peace!
Give us peace!
The weather is so oppressive.
I like math, it's an interesting subject matter.
With me everything is OK.
I'm only the substitute teacher.
Competence and performance are two different things.
Have you ever taken anything out of the dirty clothes basket because it had become, relatively, the cleaner thing?
Rest in peace.
The correct setting for silverware is the fork on the left side of the plate and on the right side the knife then the spoon.
This CD costs $10.
I like to write poems.
Be cheerful! Add an exclamation mark to all of your sentences!
Indicate by holding up the appropriate number of fingers!
How often do you feel this pain or complaint each day?
He kicked his shoes off without untying them first.
Fur provides animals protection against the cold.
Did you ever have the symptoms which have just been described?
If all else fails, reboot the system.
I struck a match in the darkness.
The cable car wends its way up the mountain just a few meters above the treetops.
The resistance movement has gone underground.
I may win if I have luck.
I may win if I'm lucky.
A passing car hit a puddle and splashed water all over me.
For detecting drugs or hidden explosives, there's no technology that can match a dog's nose.
I must ask you a few questions and take a blood sample.
She tried to stifle a sneeze during the concert but she couldn't hold it back.
Going out drinking with the guys makes him feel macho.
Legend has it that this house is haunted.
If you don't get your act together you won't graduate from high school.
You're going to catch hell from your wife if she finds out.
When your girlfriend finds out about this the shit's going to hit the fan.
Come on Jack, it's Christmas. You've got to get into the spirit of things.
"More coffee?" "No, I'm good."
You can't just make up the rules as you go along.
A pelican can fit a lot of fish in its beak.
The witness perjured herself on the stand.
We are moving toward a dictatorship of relativism which does not recognize anything as definitive and has as its highest value one's own ego and one's own desires.
Not all are called to be artists in the specific sense of the term. Yet, as Genesis has it, all men and women are entrusted with the task of crafting their own life: in a certain sense, they are to make of it a work of art, a masterpiece.
It can be said, in fact, that research, by exploring the greatest and the smallest, contributes to the glory of God which is reflected in every part of the universe.
Please show me your identity card or passport!
Where can we make a phone call?
I simply don't know what to say...
Too much of a good thing is wonderful!
So all you need is good cheese and a jar of black cherry jam.
Guess what they got! A bowler hat for him and leather boots for her!
You'll never take me alive!
There is no such thing, at this stage of the worlds history in America, as an independent press. You know it and I know it. There is not one of you who dare write your honest opinions, and if you did, you know beforehand that it would never appear in print. I am paid weekly for keeping my honest opinions out of the paper I am connected with. Others of you are paid similar salaries for similar things, and any of you who would be foolish as to write honest opinions would be out on the streets looking for another job. If I allowed my honest opinions to appear in one issue of my papers, before twenty-four hours my occupation would be gone. The business of the journalist is to destroy the truth, to lie outright, to pervert, to vilify, to fawn at the feet of Mammon, and to sell his country and his race for his daily bread. You know it and I know it, and what folly is this toasting an independent press? We are the jumping jacks, they pull the strings and we dance. Our talents, our possibilities and our lives are all the property of other men. We are intellectual prostitutes.
There is no such thing, at this stage of the worlds history in America, as an independent press.
The business of the journalist is to destroy the truth, to lie outright, to pervert, to vilify, to fawn at the feet of Mammon, and to sell his country and his race for his daily bread.
If any man come to me, and hate not his father, and mother, and wife, and children, and brethren, and sisters, yea, and his own life also, he cannot be my disciple.
It's exactly what I wanted.
Do you see the raccoon?
That will change nothing.
The United States are a republic.
I go to bed at p.m.
We'll come and visit you.
I want this one.
All my siblings are taller than me.
I am Thai.
Idiot!
Bangkok is the capital of Thailand.
Stop gawking.
It was difficult to remove the coffee stain.
None of the computers can continue to run with a burnt card.
Those who have a long hair own a blow-dryer.
Those who have long hair own a hair dryer.
Can I have a cup of tea?
Above all, don't buy anything from him: he's a blithering swindler.
She was born lucky.
People that don't put a circumflex accent on "rler" piss me off.
Don't you get bored when you're alone?
Have you anything to declare?
Please open your suitcase.
Can you recommend a good restaurant?
I need a knife.
May you have happiness.
All you can do is wait.
Hello, I'm Mike.
He continued walking for some time.
He continued walking for a while.
He was happy for having realized his dream.
I think you've mistaken me for someone else.
You don't give up too easily, do you?
Music has charms to soothe the savage beast.
The victim declined to press charges.
The movie is a harrowing depiction of life in an urban slum.
The skyscraper's elevators ascend at an astonishing rate of speed.
There is to be no fraternizing with the enemy.
My new job leaves me little time to socialize.
The actor's illustrious career was honored at a gala event attended by a bevy of A-list celebrities.
Four or five pens in one's shirt pocket is a dead giveaway for a nerd.
The medication should be administered topically.
I can hardly wait to get home and sleep in my own bed.
I like the crisp taste of menthol cigarettes.
Julio is swinging in the hammock that I hung under the old oak tree.
The cough syrup has a licorice flavoring.
She tossed me grapes and I tried to catch them with my mouth.
You will need to bring two passport-sized photos of yourself taken with a white background.
Intolerance will not be tolerated.
Parallel lines do not intersect each other.
The odds were seemingly insurmountable but he overcame them to win the presidency.
Since we insulated the house we've saved a lot on heating oil.
The district attorney is unwilling to proceed due to insufficient evidence.
Go say goodbye to them before they leave.
We all got in the car.
No one will hold us back.
A black darkness is an example of a pleonasm.
I can go there, wherever you want.
I remember it as if it were yesterday.
One store decided to pull the controversial CD from its shelves.
He who knows does not speak, he who speaks does not know.
I don't have a stamp collection, but I have a Japanese postcard collection that I could use as an excuse to invite him.
I don't have a stamp collection, but I have a Japanese postcard collection that I could use as an excuse to invite her.
Thou shalt not kill.
Favour is deceitful, and beauty is vain: but a woman that feareth the LORD, she shall be praised.
Women are a decorative sex. They never have anything to say, but they say it charmingly.
You will fail.
Women treat us just as humanity treats its gods. They worship us, and are always bothering us to do something for them.
I have the simplest tastes. I am always satisfied with the best.
Who teaches you?
Do you need money?
People who count their chickens before they are hatched act very wisely because chickens run about so absurdly that it's impossible to count them accurately.
We're all the same according to the law.
She said that she would dance with me if I brought her red roses.
Please give me a drink.
I can resist everything except temptation.
The letter returned.
Between men and women there is no friendship possible. There is passion, enmity, worship, love, but no friendship.
Experience is the name everyone gives to their mistakes.
It's sick.
Education is an admirable thing. But it is well to remember from time to time that nothing that is worth knowing can be taught.
The cat sleeps next to the couch.
How am I close to you?
I love you and vice versa.
It's very hot today.
It will be spring soon.
Love, Jon.
I went to Boston on a train.
The father is very tired.
Aw, my father's going to China.
My father is going to China.
I'm not afraid.
No, it's not.
Fighter jets were scrambled to intercept an airliner that deviated from its flight path.
What color, in numbers?
He doesn't work here anymore.
We don't know anything about him.
He went to London a month ago.
I have bad eyesight.
The difference between a lady and a flower girl is not how she behaves, but how she is treated.
The Cockney mode of speech, with its unpleasant twang, is a modern corruption without legitimate credentials, and is unworthy of being the speech of any person in the capital city of the Empire.
There are some songs from Scotland.
Please tell me how to get to the bank.
Incidentally, this room doesn't have anything like an air conditioner. All it has is a hand-held paper fan.
This bird is a wagtail.
He has such coarse manners!
Press and wait for green.
Fool!
You need the keys?
From the old ox, the young one learns to plow.
My friends gave us a whirlwind tour of Paris.
I'm relieving you of duty.
Keep me apprised of any further developments.
I can help you chart the course, but you have to make the journey on your own.
I hope all but one of your dreams come true, so you always have something to strive for.
My wife is throwing a baby shower for her best friend.
Most souvenir shops are filled with worthless knick-knacks.
We bought our new neighbors a clock as a housewarming gift.
May I ask what you're working on?
Don't kill the messenger.
I wonder if she'll accept a belated birthday present.
"Can I ask you a question?" "Shoot."
We now know that the testimony he gave was coerced.
As the play develops, the real motives of the protagonist become clear.
The talisman he's wearing is supposed to ward off evil spirits.
The church's steeple is beginning to crumble with age.
Streaking was popular back in the 70s.
This whole affair stinks to high heaven.
He winced as the nurse pushed the needle into his arm.
The wounded soldier writhed in pain.
Yolks are yellow.
She sat on the bed as her mother braided her hair.
I didn't factor those variables into the equation.
Extenuating circumstances led the judge to pass a more lenient sentence.
He and he love her and her, respectively.
I bought the MPplayer.
I know whether or not he is an enemy.
I know who my enemy is.
F in hexadecimal is equal to 15.
I have returned.
He managed to climb the mountain.
You have no right to pass judgement on these people.
What is written on the road sign? - ONE WAY.
He wants to get rid of his books.
I was baking a cake.
Did the Indians invent cigars?
I'm sorry, this flight is full.
She felt a bit tired.
Ridiculous!
We both teach each other the language.
Ingo loves her.
Duh.
If the weather is good tomorrow, let's go on a hike.
I have just returned.
Are you ready to study Klingon?
I speak Klingon to you.
Did you fall for her at first sight?
If there was no sun, we would not be able to live.
Prospectuses must be signed by two sponsor representatives.
In case of fire, I would grab my flute and escape.
If you want to master a foreign language, you must study as much as possible.
It's not possible to breathe here.
If my mother had still been alive, she would have helped me at that time.
Had she been alive, my mother would have given me a hand then.
What time do you go to school?
Hi, my name is Omid.
We will be back at half past three.
We sit down at the table.
A square is both a rectangle and a rhombus.
The English team beat the Brazilian team in the international soccer tournament.
I lay a hand on his shoulder.
I want to go with you, but I'm broke.
I'll recommend him as chairman, whether you are in favor of it or not.
The flowers don't look well. I'd like to water them. Is there a watering can?
Would you like to travel to the United States?
Every morning I buy a newspaper at a newsstand.
Through his own efforts and a bit of luck, he won first prize in the contest.
I have to go out to the newsstand to get a newspaper.
Having all of you here is more reassuring than having the police or anybody else.
Harbin is very cold.
It was impossible to understand his questions.
What will you do with this camera?
I'm going to Hanover with you.
It's our duty to always obey the law.
Seen from a distance, she's a beauty.
I'm off to Turkey tomorrow.
Don't put children into the bag.
Is this gift Laura's?
I'll stay home today.
How can things be perfect?
I needed time to convince her.
I'm laughing at his navet.
The university's endowment grew 10% in the last year alone.
He's enamored of the idea of becoming a rock star.
He doesn't want to be encumbered with the responsibility of caring for children.
Every effort he makes falls short in the eyes of his father.
I'm thinking of embarking on a new career.
Mothers used to tell their sons that if they masturbated they would go blind.
If I hear one more peep out of you I'm sending you to your room without supper.
The laws of a land embody the spirit of its people.
He was doubtful at first but soon came to embrace my advice.
The body was burned beyond recognition.
Robert Deniro made a cameo appearance in the movie.
Venezuelans speak with a very musical cadence.
The canteen had not a drop of water left.
A caravan of fifty camels slowly made its way through the desert.
The tornado left a trail of destruction in its wake.
The boxer was pressured to throw the fight.
Alice will tell you that in Wonderland everything is topsy-turvy.
The hypnotist was able to put his subject into a trance.
To be human we must transcend our animal nature.
One does not wear a red mini skirt to a funeral.
In order to swim, you have to learn to tread water first.
A father shouldn't shirk his responsibilities to his children.
Christians view human nature as inherently sinful.
I forgot to shutter the windows before the storm hit.
He shuddered with horror at the grisly sight.
Why did you side with him instead of me?
Raisins are shrivelled grapes.
Have you ever had a heart attack?
It is not meet to take the children's bread, and to cast it to dogs.
He lives outside the city.
I visited her, but she was not home.
I'm visiting her; however, she is not at her house.
He is a doctor and an author.
She owns few books.
She doesn't own many books.
Are you studying or working?
I see a nobleman and a noblewoman.
I see a gentleman and a lady.
The book is white.
The book is big.
The gentleman stood in front of the bank.
I own two books.
That is a little girls' school.
That is a school for little girls.
She needs it.
Life is short.
What's your situation?
You are very dear to me.
Wait a minute.
The contract is invalid if you were forced to sign it.
According to all probability, no language is totally free of loan words.
If you don't like it then you can quit.
A jam is made of strawberries.
Do you live alone?
It's time to go home.
She is Li Ying.
Tomorrow I'm going to Paris.
He asks me to be attentive.
He says that I'm attentive.
Be loved.
My country is the world, and my religion is to do good.
I don't know if it's a bug or not, but this software doesn't work correctly.
I will stay home today.
Yuriko, a marine biology grad student, fell asleep inside a fish tank and awoke covered in octopuses and starfish.
Harold's arm bicycle workout was sufficiently vigorous that his pectorals burst into flame.
The only metal that a metal detector can detect is the metal in another metal detector. That fact was instrumental in my parents' meeting.
"Educational autism" in the California school system apparently has looser criteria than the DSM-IV's series of autistic disorders.
As a punishment, the disgraced Greenpeace volunteer had to scrub oil from an otter's fur with his own toothbrush.
It is impossible to burn a copy of Dante's Inferno because the ice of the ninth layer of hell will put out any fires kindled with earlier pages.
He couldn't fulfill the promise he made to his father.
I remember my childhood well.
Oh, hush!
Do you think such a thing is possible?
Einstein liked to play the violin.
None of the flowers are made of plastic.
He doesn't know any one of us.
Although you can probably guess what's happening.
She hadn't given me her name.
The studio is very small, with no place to hide.
He'd been in Kyoto twice.
The beach, bordering the Gulf of Mexico, teemed with tarballs.
In the attic is my grandfather's old first-aid kit from World War II.
Where can I pick up some souvenirs?
Is this real turquoise? At this price? Come on!
He attempted to climb the fence to no avail.
Not five minutes after he started running, he tripped on a rock.
Harnessing electricity, said the man with the bongos, is a sinful perversion of the earth's resources.
I ran into my teacher just as I left the store.
This product is both a floor polish and a dessert topping.
Kids these days have no imagination whatsoever. Only a nationwide revolution and sweeping economic reform will bring the hoop and stick back into vogue.
One of her choice parlor tricks was to crack walnuts with her quadriceps, to the amazement of even the most seasoned bodybuilders.
The future diplomat to France carved his name and the name of his beloved (a Japanese cartoon character) into the bark of a tree.
All of his friends were body pillows, and all of hers were dolls; so they bonded over their fondness for animating the inanimate. However, because they were not inanimate objects but people with complex emotions, their relationship was sometimes strained.
Keeping Mario in a state in which he can throw fireballs is a delicate process; that newfound power sometimes makes one cocky and careless.
He was excommunicated for serving the Eucharist in highball glasses.
Justine made short work of her opponents in her own personal variant of chess.
Rose, Juniper, Lily, and Camellia were all named after plants, as was Giant Corpse Flower, whose high school experience was far worse than theirs.
A homeless man and a three-year-old boy argued for an hour about whether or not Batman has superpowers, which he does not.
I don't like novels without heroes.
This has nothing to do with me.
Please don't turn up the volume on the television.
Regrettably, I cannot agree with you.
All the elements of a data structure are public by default.
He gave me a nasty punch to the face.
Please tell me your opinion.
The city became popular thanks to the amusement park constructed last year.
That tie really suits you.
He decided that his kielbasa was too dignified for an ordinary bun.
The vodka he had brought to the party contained flecks of gold, which turned out to have been salvaged from discarded electronics, making for a lot of carcinogenic cocktails.
Don't worry about me; hell is where all the interesting people go.
Indulge me with your saucy dating stories.
A gaggle of intoxicated youths stopped to ponder whether there is an Opposite Day in Bizarro World.
Let's play at that beach.
I'll stay in the house today.
I'm staying at home.
The kernel of a group homomorphism always contains the neutral element.
Bill and John like to get together once a month to talk.
Bill and John like to get together once a month to chat.
If a triangle has two right angles, it's a square missing one side.
I wanted to buy the book.
In a democracy, it is important for journalism to be independent.
You can use English at most hotels around the world.
Ask a policeman!
You have wanted to go there for a long time, haven't you?
A lozenge is a square deformed indefinably, generally by heat.
The library is in the center of the city.
The battery of my MP3-player was empty.
Tastes are diverse.
There is no accounting for taste.
Pharamp cut the cake in half.
In a democracy, it's important for the press to be independent.
From that day on, he'll never say hello to me again.
She's passed an English exam.
Open your book to page ten.
Shit on a Ritz!
I shit on the Eucharist!
Whoa! Where did that come from?
Gabrielle, a striking 6'1" woman, was tired of enterprising young men asking her how the weather was up there.
Did you do it by yourself?
How's it hangin'?
My Japanese teacher used to use a song to help us remember verb conjugations. No one really sang along.
Ain't that America?
He adored his school.
Good friends are one in a hundred.
Every new day you feel good.
That was really interesting.
Bros before hoes.
In all her pompous majesty, carried on the shoulders of the entire football team, stood the de facto queen of the school.
How may I help you today, sir?
You captivated me, dear.
Good luck on the test!
When he heard the whistle, he crossed the street.
What time are you used to going to bed?
The video shows him chugging an entire bottle of whiskey (God rest his soul).
Water is not coming out of the shower.
A language is a key to the heart of millions.
The rose is a flower and the dove is a bird.
I'll call him.
The Black Forest cake is a natural aphrodisiac.
The Black Forest gateau is a natural aphrodisiac.
This fact proves her innocence.
After hours of browsing TV Tropes, Lyle could predict the ending of any show. This gave him a distaste for entertainment that, in a roundabout way, enabled him to make time for a more productive life.
Forget the old saw: some men are, in fact, islands.
Kuma the bear has been wrestling human martial artists to the ground for as long as I can remember.
Do you like this flower?
He's the type of guy who doesn't take women very seriously.
One would like to have a collection of last words of famous people.
He loves to fish.
She loves to fish.
Do you have attacks of dizziness?
She went to bed here, near me.
I'm not such an idiot that I believe you.
Can you solve this problem?
You can't breathe here.
I'll stay at home today.
My doctor has advised me to stop taking this medicine.
Where is he?
This incident is quite uncanny.
I'm travelling to Paris tomorrow.
A hen laid an egg in my closet.
After three full days of interviews we've narrowed it down to two candidates.
Yesterday, I ate an apple.
I couldn't understand a thing from what he said.
I'm about to go out.
I will talk about it with my horse.
I will discuss it with my horse.
Do you often rub it?
The Ghost of Cock Lane is an English ghost story from the 18th century.
The concert lasted about three hours.
They really are wise.
Yesterday I arrived in Tokyo.
Don't touch that.
I was trying to follow her, but she gave me the slip.
Why don't you come to my house in the near future?
And do you know them by face?
I'm older than any other student in my class.
We are never as happy or as unhappy as we imagine.
I saw the dog.
I'm years old.
Yesterday we had a good evening with my brothers and friends, and a very nice barbecue.
Many kiss the hand they wish to cut off.
I'm driving to Paris tomorrow.
I will drive to Paris tomorrow.
You did what you had to do.
I'm sorry, I haven't gotten around to doing it yet.
A warm, lazy breeze wafts across the flat, endless fields.
In the distance I hear a muezzin calling the faithful to prayer.
The sun is beating down and there's no shade in sight.
My dad gives me an allowance of $a week.
I found an alcove with a statue of a Hindu deity.
She tried to allay their fears but only ended up heightening them.
Preserves must be stored in a jar with an airtight seal.
The doctor's treatment has only aggravated my husband's condition.
The celebrations culminated in a spectacular fireworks display.
What natural foods help curb the appetite?
The crux of his argument can be found on p. 56.
It was determined that the plane crashed due to pilot error.
The general ordered the deployment of two battalions.
If you really want to get to know a place you have to go off the beaten track.
One of the greatest chapters in the history of western music came to a close with the death of Beethoven.
We should lay down a few ground rules before we begin.
I had a lot of gumption when I was young, but now it seems to have all petered out.
It helps a young man find his place in the world if he has a mentor.
This ticket entitles the bearer to one chocolate sundae.
That new biography of the prince puts him in a less than flattering light.
He may have lowbrow tastes but at least he's not snooty and conceited.
He can do anything he sets his mind to.
I'm open to suggestions.
Who do you live with?
Do not fear the unexpected, but be prepared for it.
Im ironing my handkerchiefs.
You disappear.
My bike is stolen.
She talked incredibly for two hours.
He is responsible for it.
I'm gay! Get over it!
She is responsible for it.
What is this thing used for?
I have succeeded in doing it.
I have done it.
She got married at the age of 17.
I bought a few stamps.
I'll call as soon as I am at the airport.
The barbers around here are not good.
If you make a mess, clean it up.
There's no telling what he'll do next.
Don't come complaining to me when it bites you.
That's one reason why I'll never do it again.
This conversation is being recorded.
I sure hope this is a dream.
Never work on electrical wiring without unplugging it; it's a bad idea. I know from experience.
Sometimes, if I look at a forest of trees, I get in a trance and don't even realize until minutes later.
What's good in the neighborhood?
You're a gentleman and a scholar, my friend.
Hah! I wish my all my textbooks were $40! Some of them are almost $100!
That man was wearing a tiger mask.
The joke about the chicken crossing the road to get to the other side is an example of "anti-humor": meant to be funny because, on the surface, it is not.
Reality has one problem - it is always honest.
Don't be afraid to make a mistake.
True art is theft.
It's not graffiti; it's Banksy!
Each pancake comes with a dollop of suspiciously soft butter in a tiny plastic cup.
Spanish inflects; Japanese conjugates; German declines.
From then on, he made it a rule to put T-shirts only on mammals.
In a cruelly ironic twist of fate, someday Tatoeba will make an example of us all.
The level of unbridled misogyny at the barbershop made me feel as if I had stepped back in time.
Is this French?
We need you to confirm your attendance because places are limited.
I have no plans whatsoever.
Why don't we ask for his advice?
I don't like the substitute teacher.
Recreational drug use inspires many urban legends.
There really was an Alice, but Wonderland is a figment of the imagination.
Todd the squirrel, playing two stereos at once, claims to listen only to "double music."
A four-year-old American tourist was disappointed to realize that, in fact, the Sichuan province is not entirely made of spicy beef, in spite of its famously piquant cuisine.
There is only one true gnosis: that I percept what I percept.
I would like to see my father.
I like sashimi.
By air mail, please.
He believes everything that I say.
I cannot afford buying a used car.
He lived until the age of 90.
The new film was a great success.
I was happy for her unexpected visit.
It would be great if you could sing.
I will never tell it to anybody.
I shall never tell it to anybody.
It was urgent.
It is man's destiny to suffer.
Man is destined to suffer.
The train is minutes late.
The two brothers have died.
You can't bribe that judge.
He called his son James.
The door was not closed.
I look forward to meeting you.
First, we decide on what needs to be decided, then we split into two teams.
"Bonanza" is not about bananas. Or maybe it is. It's a famous western series.
Add spoonfuls of white wine.
There were no customers, so we closed the shop earlier.
More coffee, please.
What is the most beautiful place in the world?
As there were no clients, we closed the shop earlier.
They have to pay in advance.
Why don't you go in my place?
I'm holding a book.
This week is Fire Prevention Week.
The person on the left ruins the balance of the picture.
I leave by train soon.
I arrive by train soon.
The train is leaving soon.
The train is arriving soon.
I'm interested in music.
He attributes his poverty to bad luck.
Colorless green ideas sleep furiously.
The King of France is bald.
What color is your urine: bright, tawny, reddish or golden brown?
Call a taxicab to take us.
The gaunt policeman had a bolt-action rifle slung over one shoulder.
The beggar rattled a few meager coins in his tin can.
Do not fear the heavens and the earth, but be afraid of hearing a person from Wenzhou speak in their local tongue.
Some insist that the Spanish hostel is a pornographic film.
She has a cute giggle.
The stimulus package was heavily criticised.
Orly, Sunday. Parents take their children there to watch the departing planes.
Do that at your own risk.
He flatly rejected that idea.
It's just that easy.
I live in the Pacific time zone in the USA.
Good writing has been going out of style, in favor of texting.
It's not a laughing matter.
He heaped abuse on the rather surprised clerk.
He gets pissed off very easily and yells and screams.
It's a very urgent matter.
It's a very pressing matter.
When was this novel published?
I'm gay, so?
Maybe tonight I'm going to my younger sister's house.
One must be careful about free advice.
In Esperanto an adjective ends in "a." The plural is formed by adding "j."
That word is of Greek origin.
Ah, the coffee is really hot!
My wife hates cats.
I didn't know he had a weak heart.
I remember how he used to be.
London is among the world's largest cities.
The party took place in a big room.
Prices continue to climb.
Our son died in the war.
I'd rather drink coffee than tea.
This is new.
I love to travel.
I have a new bicycle.
My mother is in the kitchen.
There are many different people in Europe.
He asked for a lot of money.
It's hot in Kyoto in the summer.
I don't speak English as fluidly as Naomi does.
I think he's angry.
We don't like our neighbors, and they don't like us, either.
Does your head hurt often?
What's today's menu?
She took a taxi to the museum.
They became nervous.
Let's play, little bro!
I don't have much collaborative spirit.
I don't like playing on a team.
I'd like to be a millionaire.
During the Middle Ages, honor was fundamental to the life of the free man and of the Christian man.
Tell me what movies you guys have seen.
The author is Brazilian.
English is pretty hard, isn't it?
Shall we go together?
Do you speak Esperanto?
For very long?
Fifteen more minutes and I'll be out of here.
Today is McRib Friday.
It's a pretty house.
Why do you use Tatoeba?
You would have to practice the violin every day.
Your daughter isn't a girl anymore.
I cry every time I hear this song.
They constructed a new government.
The telethon is a French TV program organized every year to collect funds in order to finance medical research.
I'm sorry, but I have to go to the gym.
Or are there photographs so obscene that you can't publish them?
Through which city does the Mississippi River pass?
We'll have to celebrate the winter solstice.
Let's put the Christmas tree here.
How many sisters do they have?
This generation of online daters, far more native to the Internet, are a lot less awkward than the first generation.
It's funny how German can take a verb, cut it in half, and spread it over a five-clause sentence.
Even science is not an exact science.
As a matter of fact, he did just catch that bird in midair with his teeth.
Idle hands are the Internet's workshop.
Upon explaining plosives to his class, the linguistics teacher instantly became covered in spit.
The phlebotomist scared herself by practicing her craft on a balloon.
This towel is rough to the touch.
There was nobody in the room.
I usually take a bath at night.
There are no chairs in this room.
In China, we put our family name first, then our name.
I'm speaking with my student.
Come when you have some time.
Are there public restrooms in this building?
Mom and Dad gave me a bicycle.
Go wash up!
Embrace your vulnerability, feel your fear, love fully.
Do you like this garden?
Paris is one of the cities I visited last year.
I love practical jokes.
For what you have written, your reaction is not justified in any manner, and I imagine it can make your life impossible.
Your boyfriend is a problematic person, but that's not a good enough reason to give up or break off your relationship.
What countries formed the Axis Powers in World War II?
In what continent is the Nile River?
Where is the highest point on earth?
Where are you coming from?
We had a fairly good idea what the world thought of the United States. Now we also know what the United States thinks of the rest of the world.
Religion is the opiate of the masses.
If there's no solution, it's because there's no problem.
This sentence isn't very interesting out of context.
The capital of Ecuador is Quito, in the mountainous province of Pichincha.
There are over seven thousand languages in the world.
There are over 800,Basque speakers in the world.
Do you really think we'll get it?
I am in favor of a German orthographic reform.
I have to meet him.
We're neighbors.
They watched me in silence.
Would you like to contribute to the program?
euros for the whole day.
dollars for seven days.
Is this price acceptable?
Will you come with me to the store?
Where can I do some shopping?
Where can you find the closest store?
How much should I pay?
What do you want to buy?
The store also opens at night.
It's a quarter to three.
See you at five.
He'll come at noon.
Today is March 5th.
What is your date of birth?
Shit! You scared me half to death!
You're mistaken. He plays bass, not trombone.
Have you heard? Our neighbor won the lottery, and she's gone to the Bahamas on a luxury cruise.
That man has hit bottom: his wife has left him, he's lost his job, and he's an alcoholic. The worst is that I know him--he used to be my boss five years ago.
Listen! They're playing my favorite music.
The boy stayed quiet.
What do you have to eat today?
No one knew it.
No one said anything to me.
Let's start at the beginning.
I'd rather live in peaceful poverty than in wealth and fear.
I can't speak that fast.
The sky today is blue, without a cloud.
I met him when I was a student.
He quickly adjusted to the new situation.
Yes, it happens once in a while.
He is three years my senior.
Start with books that you can easily understand.
"How do you pronounce the sign @ in this language?" "at"
The island is situated five kilometers off the coast.
So be it.
She was made to learn maths.
There were fifty passengers in the bus.
Tatoeba is a language dictionary.
You can search words, and get translations. But it's not exactly a typical dictionary.
It's all about sentences. Not words.
You can search sentences containing a certain word and get translations for these sentences.
Why sentences? you may ask. Well, because sentences are more interesting.
Sentences bring context to the words. Sentences have personalities. They can be funny, smart, silly, insightful, touching, hurtful.
Sentences can teach us a lot. And a lot more than just words.
So we love sentences. But, even more, we love languages.
And what we really want is to have many sentences in many  and any  languages.
This is why Tatoeba is multilingual. But not that kind of multilingual. Not the kind where languages are simply being paired up together, and where some pairs are left behind.
Tatoeba is really multilingual. All the languages are interconnected.
If an Icelandic sentence has a translation in English, and the English sentence has a translation in Swahili, then indirectly, this will provide a Swahili translation for the Icelandic sentence.
Languages that would have never found themselves together in a traditional system, can be connected in Tatoeba.
But where do we get those sentences? And how do we translate them?
Obviously, this cannot be the work of one person. This is why Tatoeba is collaborative.
Everyone is free to contribute.
And everyone has the ability to contribute.
It doesn't require you to be a polyglot.
Everyone speaks a language.
Everyone can feed the database to illustrate new vocabulary.
Everyone can help ensure that sentences sound correct, and are correctly spelled.
And actually, this project needs everyone.
Languages are not carved in stone. Languages live through all of us.
We want to capture all the uniqueness of each language. And we as well want to capture their evolution through time.
But you know, it would be sad to collect all these sentences, and keep them for ourselves. Because there's so much you can do with them. Which is why Tatoeba is open. Our source code is open. Our data is open.
We're releasing all the sentences we collect under the Creative Commons Attribution license.
This means you can reuse them freely for a textbook, for an application, for a research project, for anything!
So that's Tatoeba.
But that's not the whole picture. Tatoeba is not just an open, collaborative, multilingual dictionary of sentences. It's part of an ecosystem that we want to build.
We want to bring language tools to the next level. We want to see innovation in the language learning landscape. And this cannot happen without open language resources which cannot be built without a community which cannot contribute without efficient platforms.
So ultimately, with Tatoeba we are only building the foundations to make the Web a better place for language learning.
That's awesome, right?
It's a hard question.
This is the most beautiful ostrich I've ever seen.
This is the most beautiful bouquet I've ever seen.
The heyday of the Romans is over.
The wedding of the Romans is over.
He bought a thimble.
He bought a foxglove.
The art teacher paints at night.
The art teacher is painting the night.
Learning Klingon will serve him well in his business career.
There are no clocks in my room.
She will cheat him, as she has so many others.
Jim's coming to the party, too.
I believe this man is lost.
I don't remember exactly.
I believe this lost man.
The maid is confined to her bed.
The good guard reads it.
The strong shall devour the meek's reward.
The future was five minutes ago.
What happens when an unstoppable force hits an unmovable object?
They're here to fix the heating system.
We all consider your idea to be impractical.
We aren't born with the capacity to carry out a happy coexistence.
Since children are more scared than amused by clowns, I wonder if some comedy trope of ours will become horror fodder in years.
The Tequila Sunrise is made with orange juice, tequila, and grenadine.
The Cathares in southern France were called Albigensians.
Seriously, don't be a stranger.
The handyman was supposed to arrive at twelve noon, but got stuck in a traffic jam for a few hours.
The two brothers died.
He'll be seventeen in February.
Tartiflette is a delicious potatoe and reblochon cheese based dish.
The cinema is bursting at the seams.
I read this tome from end to end.
Can you wrap it up for me? It's a gift.
The only way to lose weight is to create a caloric deficit by burning more calories than you eat.
I went to Italy for the second time in 1980.
Ladies and gentlemen, please notify the people to stop contributing to global warming and use nature-friendly equipment.
The symbol used for the Israeli Shekel is "".
Vietnam's currency is the ng. Its symbol is "".
The German word "Scheibenwischer" means "windshield wiper".
Stir the soup.
I am south of the north.
I am west of the east.
I'm waiting for the train.
It's been a long time since you broke up.
This better not happen again.
I'm fairly certain that it was the elephant.
It's been a long time since he broke-up.
It's been a long time since she broke-up.
There's only one thing we can do now!
Could you be more specific?
Is it the right place to sign up for foreign language courses?
The French language, by the way, is a clear stream that affected writers have never been, and will never be able to ripple. Each century has thrown in this limpid current its fashions, its pretentious archaisms and its preciousness, without anything surfacing from those useless attempts, those powerless efforts. The nature of this language is to be clear, logical and nervous. It won't let itself be weakened, obscured or corrupted.
Thomas is an esperantist, who began learning Esperanto one year ago. Now he already speaks it fluently.
She'll be seventeen in February.
Do you think she's attractive?
Where is the rain?
The problem with many language teachers is that they underrate new technologies in their teaching methods.
You have changed a lot.
I have a brand new pair of socks.
This is how Pandark got lost in his room and noone ever saw him again. Some people say that he died of hunger, some other tell that he still wanders, looking for his CDs.
And this is how Pandark got lost in his room, never to be seen again. Some say that he died of hunger, others that he still wanders in search of his CDs.
Everyone aspires to have a better life.
I talked on the phone.
If cheese is good, but the cake is a lie, what is a cheesecake? A good lie.
Welcome home, little brother!
As always, you have understood poorly!
I don't know how many are going to endure this situation.
This is your waitress uniform.
I have to hurry!
XYZ used to be a good restaurant, but it has gone to seed now.
What are the pros and cons of hitchhiking?
God created man in his own image, God is a warrior.
Waste your pathetic life.
The path is the goal.
The way out is the way through.
Don't do that if you want to live!
We're heading for disaster.
The world is a grand ball in which everyone wears a mask.
Do you think animals have a soul?
Her parents decided that she would play the cello.
The girl who works at the bakery is pretty.
I don't see any difference.
Bad weather is no obstacle.
The door was locked and we couldn't enter.
Get out of here! All of you!
It's raining again.
I don't need him anymore.
What a shame that Andrea left this early.
The accident wasn't your fault.
Don't interrupt me while I'm talking.
It's for you that I have come.
I'm not a bird, though I'd like to be one.
Buenos Aires is the capital of Argentina.
Where has she come from?
That plane is enormous!
Come on Tuesday, if it's possible.
He has long hair.
Salt is an indispensable ingredient for cooking.
That girl who's wearing a scarf is a virgin.
They behave towards Muslims in a way in which no Muslim would behave towards an unbeliever.
Do you still collect stamps?
They behave towards Muslims in a way in which a Muslim would never behave towards his enemy.
He's trying to commit suicide.
She's trying to commit suicide.
From chipping come chips.
Why is the tartiflette a lie?
I just had a snack at the bar.
The shop stays open all day.
I, on the other hand, prefer sweets.
I like to eat sweets.
We have played at this beach.
My mother tried to reconcile the couple.
She got so angry that she belted him in the face with the back of her hand.
Filiberto is a man who is more than forty years old.
It's said that these floods are related to the presence of a god in the area.
The story tells of the ghost of someone who drowned on the banks near a small town on the Caribbean sea.
He is used to such situations.
He is heroic.
Our sister bought some eggplants, potatoes, zucchinis and Chinese cabbage at the market.
I used to stay up late.
I used to stay up long into the night.
Unit of resistance is ohm and its symbol is same with the capital letter Omega in Greek alphabet. It's "".
The former Argentine currency was Austral. Its symbol was "".
Won is used in both North Korea and South Korea. Its symbol is "".
The cedi is Ghana's current currency. Its symbol is "".
France's currency was the franc, and its symbol was . While it is no longer used in France, francs are still in use in some former French colonies such as Guinea.
The former Italian currency was the lira and its symbol was "". It's not related to the Turkish lira.
In several European countries, the current currency is the Euro. Its symbol is . One Euro is worth about two Turkish lira.
I've inserted DM and  to my piggy bank.
Daily exercise is essential for your health.
Dwarf tossing is not an Olympic sport.
Management has even cut back on toilet paper since the crisis.
The local newspaper is endorsing the conservative candidate.
Uranium has to be enriched before it can be used in nuclear weapons.
He is a member in good standing.
My little brother ran through the living room stark naked.
Because of the increasing risk of complications the doctor decided to induce labor.
Your drinking is starting to affect the performance of your duties.
You're putting words in my mouth.
I love what you've done with the place.
Your services are no longer required.
They're playing our song.
Take your hat off when you enter a house of worship.
When you catch me off guard, it really puts me on the spot.
I had to get a molar extracted.
Night watchmen drink a lot of coffee.
If a restaurant has valet parking it's probably pretty expensive.
My grandmother is too frail now to get in and out of bed by herself.
No one has come forward to claim responsibility for what happened.
Some months have thirty days, others thirty one.
More than 10,people signed the petition.
He gives with one hand and takes away with the other.
Sometimes little kids aspire to be strange things.
Tell it to him, not me!
Come in. I insist.
From that moment on, the town was recognized as Esteban's town.
The women washed him, tried to dress him, and also gave him a new name.
Since his arrival in town, all the women have remained cautious about him.
Filiberto lives in a very large apartment in a city we're not familiar with.
Filiberto just lost his job.
There are two main characters in this story.
Filiberto has two lives.
The main character is a man whose name we do not know.
Happy Mother's Day!
Generally, Americans love coffee.
Do you like to sing?
I've had enough already!
How much does a room cost?
I don't know who should guide me.
I want to have dinner at a restaurant.
The majority of large Japanese companies depend on exports.
I love geography and history.
I'd like more detailed information.
He began a new life.
He is an English teacher.
I'm going to take a shower.
Health over wealth.
A trip to Hawaii costs around dollars.
She explained the literal meaning of the phrase.
What languages are spoken in Canada?
There are few customers today.
years is called a century.
He greets everyone loudly.
Never look a gift horse in the mouth.
Life is, in the best case, an ocean of problems.
I'll never find a keyboard patch that actually sounds like an electric guitar.
I liked boring jokes, too.
He was crying.
Hey, are you remotely sane?!
The scent of musk is one of the best smells there is.
Why is that baby crying?
Don't take it seriously. It's a joke.
Four times five is 20.
This is the cheapest shop in town.
Christ on a cracker!
Aren't you excited that Anki is almost ready to update to a stable version 1.2?
A good way to boost reading and listening skills in a target language is to read or listen to the news.
Even people with perfect pitch sometimes have a hard time with Mandarin, let alone Cantonese.
Only in San Francisco are burritos supposed to be that big around.
Anna Freud had a profound influence on Hollywood.
At this rate, even independent film will never reach a true understanding of romance and relationships, so to hell with the movies, let's have dinner.
Is there some gustatory or culinary analog of a novel or film? In other words, can you eat or taste a complete, riveting story the way you can watch or read one?
Is there, for example, a three-course meal that conveys sin, punishment, and redemption?
Paganini dazzled his audience with (among other things) a veritable hailstorm of left-handed pizzicatos.
His style (if you were to call it that) was excessively (though I run the risk of hypocrisy) parenthetical (pardon the pun).
Damn the torpedoes!
No matter how thin you slice it, it's still baloney.
It may never be known how we silly Anglophones got "baloney" out of "bologna."
Conformity is the jailer of freedom and the enemy of growth.
There is a cult of ignorance in the United States, and there always has been. The strain of anti-intellectualism has been a constant thread winding its way through our political and cultural life, nurtured by the false notion that democracy means that "my ignorance is just as good as your knowledge."
Never let your sense of morals prevent you from doing what is right.
I find it amazing that in the Slavic languages the word sweet originally meant salty!
Nero did not actually fiddle while Rome burned.
Yumi went there alone.
I'm worried about you.
Wait five minutes, please.
They have drunk two bottles of wine.
The Van Horn family was rich.
Next spring I want to go to Hawaii.
Dad isn't home.
There still weren't any visible signs of spring.
Every morning he leaves to take a walk.
They didn't play tennis yesterday.
My feet are small compared to yours.
Dog is man's best friend.
Javier turned red.
The steeple of the cathedral of Seville used to be a minaret.
In Spanish, there are many different expressions to indicate changes and transformations.
That girl has become a woman.
In France, advertising of mobile phones directed at children and under is prohibited.
Was last month November?
When I was 10, my brother left our home.
We've arrived pretty quickly, haven't we?
The boy was so tired that he couldn't take one more step.
It'd be better if you would come with me.
Would you tell me your name and phone number?
I've decided to write sentences a day on Tatoeba.
What is two plus two?
Here's where they usually have dinner.
In general, men run faster than women.
It's very dangerous to swim in this river.
In my opinion, Australia is one of the best countries in the world.
What's Ken doing?
You look like an imbecile.
Believe it or not, this woman has three kids.
We've all become communists.
How much time does she need to translate this book?
All of her books are written in Italian.
During the 60s and 70s, she published her most famous books.
Italo Calvino returned to Italy when he was still just a boy.
Italo Calvino was born on the island of Cuba in 1923.
Last week she gave birth to a beautiful baby girl.
He still hasn't responded to my letter.
My friend George is coming to Japan this spring.
He caught a cold.
It's so big!
The little kids were very curious.
She screamed when she saw the snake.
This type of music is not to everyone's taste.
Hate is a cancer on society.
I'll pay with my card.
My friend has proposed to me that I go play in the street.
I'm dying of hunger.
We still don't know the truth.
At the end of his life, Hokusai lived in misery, alone with his daughter, and worked until his death.
The people all praised the emperor's clothes without telling him the truth so as not to seem stupid, until a little boy said, "The emperor is naked!"
Taking photos here is prohibited.
Would you like us to go to the game together?
Do you want to come with me to this concert?
Tomorrow morning, they're selling tickets for the Shakira concert.
I don't ski, but I really like to skate.
She became the director of the cardiology department at the city hospital.
Elisa has enrolled in the anatomy department.
As a girl, Elisa loved to play nurse with her dolls.
I pay in cash.
Take this medicine if you don't feel well.
Don't bother.
The birds used to sing in the trees.
I hope he'll wait for me.
She likes chocolate, too.
Mom, where's my handkerchief?
Stay a little longer.
If I had time, I could help you.
Fine, thanks.
I know he left for London.
Atomic energy can be used for peaceful ends.
Tomorrow he'll play tennis.
I would prefer today over tomorrow.
I'm on my way.
My uncle gave me a gift.
On Saturday, we went to the movies and then to a restaurant.
You've done it very well.
My mother was very pretty when she was young.
Wash your hands before you eat.
He has studied the possibility of a collaboration.
The coffee was so hot that I couldn't drink it up.
How do you calculate the length of the circumference? I've forgotten.
Mrs. Roland, what do you think of this problem?
He used to read a lot.
Thank you for the correction.
He likes jazz and so do I.
All were invited but me.
It's all my fault.
You did a good job.
Have you gone mad?
Have you gone off your rocker?
Have you lost your mind?
She speaks ten languages.
I take a bath every night.
She's on a diet.
He explained it to me.
That was the tiniest cockroach I've ever seen in my life.
When dubbing Japanese TV series in English, characters from Osaka are sometimes given a Texas accent. Both Southern and Kansai accents are distinctive in their respective languages.
Osakans sometimes roll their Rs like in Spanish.
The Kansai dialects are said to have a "sing-song" quality because their pitch accents differ from standard Japanese, which comes from the Tokyo dialect.
Don't bite off more than you can chew.
English is not hard to learn.
Yesterday I finished the job.
When will it begin?
Doctor, my stomach hurts.
It isn't my preferred theme.
Muiriel has promised me that if I read the book "The Picture of Dorian Gray" entirely in English, she will help me with my math homework.
Part of why corn syrup is in everything is because massive corn monocultures have created a surplus that agriculture companies are scrambling to get rid of.
The other part of why corn syrup is in everything is that it's cheap.
We'll do it when we have time.
I understand you.
We'd like to climb that mountain.
You doubt, so you exist.
She doesn't smile for me anymore.
What are little girls made of? Sugar and spice and everything nice.
What are little boys made of? Snips and snails and puppy dog tails.
He had just arrived.
I ran into your girlfriend.
I like you a lot.
I want you so much.
You are taller than me.
I hope we see each other again soon.
She left without saying even a single word.
She signed up for a Spanish course.
At first there will be many unfamiliar words and grammatical forms, but you don't have to be afraid.
Little by little you will begin to comprehend the text without translations or explanations.
Lola the cow, Lola the cow, she's smart and she brings trouble, and she goes mooooo.
We're students.
This flag is very pretty.
Next month it'll be five years since he began playing the violin.
We've eaten pizza and chicken at noon.
He more or less understands his problems.
Do we have to take the bus?
Thank you very, very much!
Don't forsake me!
That'll be seven dollars, please.
I believe in ghosts.
I'm going to go out this afternoon.
Yesterday I went to Disneyland.
Yesterday the alarm clock didn't go off and Kurt didn't wake up.
I think we could be great friends.
I like to go to the movies.
I'll wait for him for an hour.
There's no salt.
Shall I prepare you a warm meal?
The lunar month is shorter than the calendar month.
No, I don't understand Ms. Kunze.
This gives me the strength to go on.
What are you so happy about?
Do you eat bell peppers?
Today I learned a lot of Spanish words and now I know how to say "cheek," "chin," and "knee."
The elbow is the joint between the arm and forearm.
She is a pleasant person.
You began to learn Esperanto.
I would hate to see him mess up one of his butterfly knife tricks.
Jazz isn't dead, it just smells funny.
There, there. It's all better now.
Can you imagine how many Lincoln Logs it would take to build an actual shelter?
He is a pleasant person.
Thanks to Facebook, stalking is no longer the bastion of a few devoted enthusiasts, but a highly automated task convenient enough even for the busy housewife.
A woman whose tongue grew out of the roof of her mouth soon found herself surrounded by overeager linguists.
Someday, dear language learner, you must stop poring over IPA charts and start listening to people.
Tim produced a perfect alveolar trill for a straight minute. The rest of the Spanish class envied and despised this vulgar display of power.
Tatoeba gave Imogen of the Internet a fascinating opportunity to compulsively produce a series of extremely short stories.
Imogen of the Internet wore an eyepatch under her glasses, a look which hipsters would imitate on and off for the next ten years.
Jill of the Jungle could transform into a phoenix, a frog, or a fish. The fish and the phoenix could both fire unlimited projectiles.
He is near forty.
Whenever the school bell rang, Ivan would stare into space and drool. Several failed exorcisms later, his parents realized that he was the reincarnation of one of Pavlov's dogs.
Which food do you think tastes best?
The letter "" is one of the few things Switzerland is not neutral about.
Count to thirty.
It takes time.
Even drunken celebrity tweets look better in 24-point Georgia.
Hide and seek / I count to three / Winter has come
She can play all kinds of instruments, classical or folk.
This shop uses only recycled paper.
I should study now, but I prefer staying on Tatoeba.
Advances in science and technology and other areas of society in the last years have brought to the quality of life both advantages and disadvantages.
Recycling paper is very important.
The library is closing.
It is a good cake.
This tea is very good.
When will you return?
Tomorrow is the last day of school!
At first, they were all convinced he was innocent.
I like my coffee without sugar.
Inner beauty, I'll believe in it when my dick has eyes.
Almost all workers refused to work during the night.
The first of human rights is to shut up!!!
Be at the station at o'clock sharp.
He was in the hot seat.
She had a strange look on her face.
I didn't know she was ill.
Numerous violent and sudden casualties among C++ developers are caused by segmentation faults every year.
She didn't go there yesterday.
Have you got a car?
My grandfather is still strongly anchored in my heart.
This conference attracted diplomats.
All of them are good, so choose three books.
The fortress being out of supplies, its protectors had to give up.
Considering the violence of the impact, he must have died instantly.
I don't have a computer at home.
I can respond to his question.
Throughout my life, I've had the great pleasure of travelling all around the world and working in many diverse nations.
With Esperanto you can communicate equally with people from other countries.
I'd rather be poor than rich.
The knife was so dull that I couldn't cut the meat with it and I had to use my pocketknife.
Don't let the kid play with knives.
Looks like it's snowing, eh?
I feel happy when I'm with you.
I'm 17, too.
Nothing new under the sun.
Show me where Puerto Rico is on the map.
There was lavender in bloom as far as the eye could see.
It is a secret.
He was electrocuted while playing the electric harp.
This town excels in waste separation.
If you're unhappy with your private life, I suggest you register on Facebook. It's the best way to get rid of it.
This summer I went on vacation in Scotland.
A tiger is larger and stronger than a cat.
Please don't interrupt me when I am speaking.
I'll see him next Friday.
She loves her puppy, and the puppy is really lovable.
A taxi is the same as a cab.
Indeed, dwarf tossing is an Olympic sport!
In the summers, I cut clothes at the tailor's shop.
Two male tailors work at the tailor's shop.
They're really good at making clothes.
Please, urinate in this vessel!
We want to analyze your urine.
After filling your pipe with tobacco, tamp it down with your thumb, but don't pack it too tightly.
I'm not flexible enough to sit in the lotus position.
The poem's rhyme scheme is highly complex.
I can pick out only two or three constellations in the night sky.
Planets are easy to identify because they don't twinkle like stars do.
My sister can't start the day without reading her horoscope.
He pissed away his inheritance on booze and loose women.
A customs official asked me to open my suitcase.
I went snorkeling in a beautiful coral reef.
Let me do the talking.
If any harm comes to her, I will hold you personally responsible.
It was determined that faulty wiring was the cause of the fire.
An awning broke his fall and saved his life.
Cats are fickle creatures.
My grandfather died in the same room in which he was born.
My father has a lot of clout at city hall.
For the first month after the accident she could only drink liquids through a straw.
The resistance to theory is the resistance to the use of language about language.
Metaphors are much more tenacious than facts.
Why are there beings at all, and why not rather nothing?
Making itself intelligible is suicide for philosophy.
The most thought-provoking thing in our thought-provoking time is that we are still not thinking.
From our human experience and history, at least as far as I am informed, I know that everything essential and great has only emerged when human beings had a home and were rooted in a tradition. Todays literature is, for instance, largely destructive.
Death is the possibility of the absolute impossibility of Dasein.
In order to remain silent Dasein must have something to say.
Hegel's philosophy is so odd that no one would have expected him to be able to get sane men to accept it, but he did. He set it out with so much obscurity that people thought it must be profound.
In a calm sea, every man is a pilot.
I will postpone my trip to Scotland until it is warmer.
Praise be to Buddha.
She pricked herself with a needle while embroidering.
I enjoy embroidering.
There were strange things happening there.
The only business of the head in the world is to bow a ceaseless obeisance to the heart.
The creations of a great writer are little more than the moods and passions of his own heart, given surnames and Christian names, and sent to walk the earth.
The official designs of the Government, especially its designs in connection with postage stamps and coinage, may be described, I think, as the silent ambassadors of national taste.
How can we tell the dancer from the dance?
A sadist is always at the same time a masochist.
The great question that has never been answered, and which I have not yet been able to answer, despite my thirty years of research into the feminine soul, is "What does a woman want?"
It is impossible to escape the impression that people commonly use false standards of measurement  that they seek power, success and wealth for themselves and admire them in others, and that they underestimate what is of true value in life.
It is always possible to bind together a considerable number of people in love, so long as there are other people left over to receive manifestations of their aggressiveness.
The aim of all life is death.
Hail, milord.
Every intellectual product must be judged from the point of view of the age and the people in which it was produced.
To burn always with this hard, gem-like flame, to maintain this ecstasy, is success in life.
A putrid smell came up out of the hole in the ground.
I had to study English.
Are there any other planets on which life can exist?
Do other planets exist, on which life can exist?
From the inside, the Earth is very hot.
Many people in these parts have fallen on hard times.
I'm sure his chemistry teacher would have failed him had they survived the tragic explosion.
Comedy always includes a little tragedy. That's why there are sad clowns.
I'm too cheap to play anything but homebrew PC games.
A cute kitten can make a giggling mess even out of the most severe bermensch.
Her ceaseless caterwauling alarmed every dog within a 500-foot radius.
The seaside resort was so touristy that it actually stood up and walked to Vegas.
His face betrayed his sheer puzzlement.
He had a crush on his Chinese teacher; but what with all the hormones, he had a crush on just about everyone.
May I eat this?
Our car happened to pass theirs by the station.
He raised his hand to stop the taxi.
Laugh is a cure for everything.
Should this be understood in something other than the literal sense?
He makes good use of the pheasants he hunts. He has a purpose for every part of the bird.
I have a friend who's a pilot.
The bandage was wound around the wound.
They were hanging on her words.
We must polish the Polish furniture.
Since there is no time like the present, he thought it was time to present the present.
When shot at, the dove dove into the bushes.
The insurance was invalid to the invalid.
They were too close to the door to close it.
I'm not really sure.
The telephone is ringing.
The cow cast her calf.
It is not a watch.
It's not a watch.
Thank you, sir.
You'll get used to it.
The beer is stale.
Give her the book.
He sings treble.
Maybe some other time.
He is in conference.
Haven't seen you for ages.
Say that again, please.
Everything will be OK.
He likes to throw the bull.
She draws on her socks.
What do you look like?
I have many discs.
My pen is new.
My body is old but my spirit is young.
When the chips are down, the only one you can count on is yourself.
When we stepped off the bus we were immediately surrounded by a throng of children from the village.
The newspaper published a hilarious parody of the president's speech.
He was paroled after having served eleven years of his sentence.
Officers patrolled the neighborhood for a month after the string of robberies.
The devaluation of the currency dealt a crippling blow to the nation's economy.
It's not a question of good or bad but of better or worse.
Please handle it with the utmost care.
Recent advances in medicine will usher in a new age in medical care.
I collected my urine sample in a small, plastic cup and gave it to the nurse.
The French are known, among other things, for their chic urbanity.
You should get that sofa reupholstered.
The automaker will unveil its new line of sports cars tomorrow.
He doesn't like to eat fish.
Though my house was in the path of the tornado it came through unscathed.
I don't dispute the facts you've presented but only the conclusion you draw from them.
Many fear that cuts in the defense budget will undermine the military's effectiveness.
The strange object in the sky could be seen with the unaided eye.
I'm telling you for the umpteenth time - No!
The queen took umbrage at remarks made in the press about her insensitivity to the death of the princess.
A sadist likes inflicting pain; a masochist, receiving it.
The company's insolvency forced it to file for bankruptcy.
Mr. Brown's unique style of teaching left an indelible mark on generations of students.
The result of the experiment was inconclusive.
Haiti is a nation that seems hopelessly impoverished.
The speaker covered the microphone with his hand and whispered something to the woman sitting beside him.
Incest is a taboo found in almost all cultures.
Cars parked illegally on this street will be impounded.
These rights are inalienable.
I was disappointed with the result.
I don't want to jump the gun.
The Prime Minister consistently holds this opinion.
What is bred in the bone will come out in the blood.
Federico said that he would help us finish the painting.
I have received personal information, from a very high quarter, that a certain document of the last importance, has been purloined from the royal apartments.
"The Parisian police," he said, "are exceedingly able in their way. They are persevering, ingenious, cunning, and thoroughly versed in the knowledge which their duties seem chiefly to demand."
I hate quotations. Tell me what you know.
Considering that you have explained it to him many times, he must have already understood it.
He doesn't realize that he doesn't have time for these things.
Although he works and has two kids, he has started studying at the university.
It would be three in the afternoon.
There are more fools than wise men, and even in a wise man there is more folly than wisdom.
Today I shall go visit my friend, who is ill and has to stay home.
He had a weak point --this Fortunato --although in other regards he was a man to be respected and even feared. He prided himself on his connoisseurship in wine.
The gait of my friend was unsteady, and the bells upon his cap jingled as he strode.
"I drink," he said, "to the buried that repose around us." "And I to your long life."
Are there enough chairs for everyone?
The megalomaniac differs from the narcissist by the fact that he wishes to be powerful rather than charming, and seeks to be feared rather than loved. To this type belong many lunatics and most of the great men of history.
A favorite tool in dealing with blatant racism is blatant ableism.
May I pay with a credit card?
Actors and sports stars often parlay their celebrity into endorsement deals.
Does he like oranges?
Do you like oranges?
Do they like oranges?
Greece, conquered, took captive her savage conqueror.
Wow, these are tasty doughnuts!
Feel free to take this.
Time: That which man is always trying to kill, but which ends in killing him.
The saying that beauty is but skin deep is but a skin-deep saying.
As there must be moderation in other things, so there must be moderation in self-criticism.
Every man is free to do that which he wills, provided he infringes not the equal freedom of any other man.
The cost of petrol keeps on going up.
Kaliningrad was once called Koenigsberg.
It is all Greek to me.
What time would it be when we leave the restaurant?
I won't wait for you for any more than ten minutes in the corner at eight. You have to be punctual.
Her silence surprised me.
His silence surprised me.
Yesterday I was in a meeting.
Is this really worth it?
Every girl's crazy about a sharp-dressed man.
Someone's knocking at the door.
A couple more!
Unplug the television and turn off the light.
I like the taste of watermelon.
Would you be so kind as to close the window?
Opportunity makes the thief.
The paper aeroplane slowly glided to the ground.
She postponed her trip to Mexico.
This is the cheapest method of them all.
The world is full of dumb people.
It's no use trying to find people to play Street Fighter with when you can't explain double quarter-circle joystick motions.
The dog buried a frozen burrito in the yard, but only halfway into the ground.
Some of the most sociable people I know have friends both online and off-.
He met his end in a rusty bear trap.
I did not doubt you for a moment.
This is my cat.
Abandon hope, all ye who enter here.
I wonder if there would be so many Japanese translations on this site if it were called "Por Ejemplo."
It's only a matter of time before the meteor strikes.
Paella often includes snails.
This song samples a bunch of old American funk records from the 70s using equipment from the 90s.
Has anyone attempted to "surf" the Internet since 1998?
She is a shining example of absolutely nothing.
I once read an interesting anthology of poetry generated by a computer program in 1984.
This is as good as it gets, kids.
Buckle up, sit down, shut up and hold on.
The Oxford comma is awkward, unnecessary, and cannot be carried over to languages other than English.
The New Yorker attempts to renstate the English diaresis in words like "coperation," "zological," and "rentry"an odd thing to reinstate in this day and age, and hardly in cooperation with most zoology.
White tigers are not albinos. If they were, they would have no stripes whatsoever.
Ah, screw it.
Ellipses have so much to hide....
It's fun to watch nerdy cartoon characters from the 90s brag about how many megabytes of RAM they have, which is usually somewhere around 8.
Imogen of the Internet has only been photographed by cheap webcams and cell phones.
Imogen of the Internet drew a mustache on each of her fingers, outdoing all of her friends, who only thought to draw a mustache on one finger.
Imogen of the Internet looks rather svelte after six hours of Photoshop.
Imogen of the Internet crochets about half of her possessions.
Will it disturb you if I turn on the TV?
Imogen of the Internet has a habit of paying fifty dollars for clothes that are manufactured to look like five-dollar hand-me-downs.
There is no rest for the weary.
Imogen of the Internet is fighting six bored housewives to win an eBay auction for a bag of premium chai tea.
Imogen of the Internet is not yet notable on Wikipedia, but it is one of the many things she aspires to.
Most of his posthumous fame came from his autopsy results.
That finch is performing its cute little dentistry on a crocodile over there.
She had a lazy eye.
I'm afraid you'll need more than a conical hat to be a real wizard.
The United States and Britain have different sign languages. Mexican Sign Language also differs from Spanish Sign Language.
This controller has accelerometers in it so it can send a farewell transmission as your child chucks it out the window.
It still amazes me what she could coax out of table scraps.
Jane never backs down.
She always wins arguments.
While we were discussing the situation, Terri broke in to give her opinion.
The police are checking up on the bomb threats.
She faints all the time.
Keep the cat off the couch.
I'm looking for my keys.
Have you seen them?
I saw Tom and Mary making out in the movie theater last night.
After battling cancer for several years, he finally passed away at the age of 87.
The neighbors told us to quiet down last night or they would call the police.
I wouldn't rule out the possibility of moving to another country if I get a good job offer.
I don't think he killed those men.
Somebody set him up.
Would someone shut him up?
He's talking so loudly that we're going to get in trouble.
The child ran away because her parents beat her.
How's the research paper coming along?
Why don't you come over after work for dinner?
Unfortunately, my trip to Indonesia fell through because I couldn't save enough money.
I'd rather laugh with the sinners than cry with the saints.
My mother told me that the only thing he could give me was a reputation.
George Bush thought it would be relatively easy to win the hearts and minds of the Iraqis.
She showed up at the party looking like a million dollars.
Faith is believing what you know ain't true.
The president's off-the-cuff remarks have gotten him into hot water.
I want to want what you want.
The government hopes that lowering its carbon emissions will set an example and that other countries will follow suit.
The first naked woman I saw was in a National Geographic magazine.
I'm double-parked. Could you hurry it up?
This article analyzes both the benefits and the drawbacks of reducing military spending.
A dreary landscape spread out for miles in all directions.
Can you spin a basketball on your fingertip?
It looks like the data you lost on your computer is irretrievable.
They took a two week vacation on Phuket island in southern Thailand through a travel agency.
The pastor gave a fiery sermon that left the sinners among them shaking in their boots.
What he saw wasn't a ghost but just a figment of his imagination.
It's nice meeting you.
Suits me fine.
Yes, certainly.
He is at her side.
He's at her side.
Please show me the menu.
After a brief speech the mayor fielded questions from reporters.
The two mirrors facing each other created a repeating image that went on to infinity.
People with amputated limbs continue to feel them as if they were still there.
He's just gone on leave.
Used car salesmen are a disreputable bunch.
He didn't divulge the information, not even under pain of torture.
My phone was out of order.
The tall man wore a pink carnation in his lapel.
She pooh-poohed the idea with a disdainful wave of her hand.
What is the sound of one hand clapping?
If a tree falls in the forest and no one is there to hear it, does it make a sound?
A loud noise jolted me awake from a deep sleep.
The monks chanted a mantra in unison.
The train belched clouds of black smoke into the air as it chugged away.
The argument is rigorous and coherent but ultimately unconvincing.
A friend of mine commissioned a well-known artist to paint a portrait of his wife.
One should be respectful of other's beliefs rather than mock them.
The military engaged the enemy five kilometers south of the capital.
A musician friend of mine gave an impromptu performance of a piece he had just finished composing.
I asked him if I could read his book.
Six divided by two is three.
He jumped onto the table.
Last night there was a full moon.
His hat isn't on straight.
He studies Chinese as well.
He is my senior by two years.
He's my senior by two years.
Violin, piano and harp are musical instruments.
Doesn't it look like a mirror?
Stay quiet for a moment.
That suits me all right.
It's much more convenient.
He's two years older than me.
I don't think you ought to.
We started at six.
I admit I'm wrong.
Rice is cultivated in several parts of the world.
He made a huge mistake.
What's essential in education is not the doctrine that is taught, it's the awakening.
Pleasure is always in the past or in the future, never in the present.
I'm convinced that today the majority of Americans want what those first Americans wanted: A better life for themselves and their children; a minimum of government authority.
I'm not working on Mondays.
In Scotland you can get a deep-fried Mars bar in a chippy.
If I were young, I would go abroad.
Many flowers start blooming in springtime.
April showers bring May flowers.
Grandpa was a real curmudgeon to the very end.
The President has fled the capital.
Wars don't simply start like winter starts, but rather it is people that start a war.
I bought forty dollars' worth of gasoline today.
I'm smarter than the average bear.
Immaculate conception simply means that the Virgin Mary herself was born without original sin. Virgin birth is how Christ came about.
I don't have time for you.
Nobody has deleted this sentence.
Are you a wizard?
What would happen if two powerful nations with different languages - such as United States and China - would agree upon the experimental teaching of Esperanto in elementary schools?
Can you also count in Italian?
My train leaves at six o'clock and arrives there at ten o'clock.
Do you like plum cake?
The crops need rain.
Can you count in Italian?
I know the feeling.
My watch is five minutes slow.
Greet her, if you see her!
You will have to wait and see.
You'll have to wait and see.
The child will be six.
I've worn holes in my socks.
You've put your hat on backwards.
I have no idea of what to do.
He is a tall boy.
He's a tall boy.
The book was published posthumously.
I don't know what to write in this sentence.
I do not know what to write in this sentence.
I can't bear the thought of her with another man.
If actions mean more than words, why is the pen mightier than the sword?
Johnny, please read the penultimate paragraph.
The word 'sesquipedalian' is an example of the very thing it means.
The phrase 'honest politician' is an oxymoron.
In English at least, the name of all the continents end with the same letter that they start with.
The most common name in the world is Mohammed.
There is no room for a vacuum in a continuum.
Whether a dough is a success only depends on the quality of the flour, never on Qdii's cooking skills.
The gazing populace receive greedily, without examination, whatever soothes superstition and promotes wonder.
Methinks I am like a man, who having struck on many shoals, and having narrowly escap'd shipwreck in passing a small frith, has yet the temerity to put out to sea in the same leaky weather-beaten vessel, and even carries his ambition so far as to think of compassing the globe under these disadvantageous circumstances.
Nothing is more dangerous to reason than the flights of the imagination, and nothing has been the occasion of more mistakes among philosophers.
Generally speaking, the errors in religion are dangerous; those in philosophy only ridiculous.
Reason is, and ought only to be the slave of the passions, and can never pretend to any other office than to serve and obey them.
A wise man, therefore, proportions his belief to the evidence.
The Christian Religion not only was at first attended with miracles, but even at this day cannot be believed by any reasonable person without one. Mere reason is insufficient to convince us of its veracity.
Nothing appears more surprising to those, who consider human affairs with a philosophical eye, than the easiness with which the many are governed by the few; and the implicit submission, with which men resign their own sentiments and passions to those of their rulers.
It is a great mortification to the vanity of man, that his utmost art and industry can never equal the meanest of nature's productions, either for beauty or value.
Beauty is no quality in things themselves: It exists merely in the mind which contemplates them; and each mind perceives a different beauty.
Rousseau was mad but influential; Hume was sane but had no followers.
It is not from the benevolence of the butcher the brewer, or the baker that we expect our dinner, but from their regard to their own interest.
As soon as the land of any country has all become private property, the landlords, like all other men, love to reap where they never sowed, and demand a rent even for its natural produce.
We rarely hear, it has been said, of the combinations of masters, though frequently of those of the workman. But whoever imagines, upon this account, that masters rarely combine, is as ignorant of the world as of the subject.
No society can surely be flourishing and happy, of which the greater part of the members are poor and miserable. It is but equity, besides, that they who feed, cloath and lodge the whole body of the people, should have such a share of the produce of their own labour as to be themselves tolerably well fed, cloathed and lodged.
The violence and injustice of the rulers of mankind is an ancient evil, for which, I am afraid, the nature human affairs can scarce admit a remedy.
Our seamen have always been famous for a matchless alacrity and intrepidity in time of danger; this has saved many a British ship, when other seamen would have run below deck, and left the ship to the mercy of the waves, or, perhaps, of a more cruel enemy, a pirate.
The poorest man may in his cottage bid defiance to all the forces of the Crown. It may be frail  its roof may shake  the wind may blow through it  the storm may enter  the rain may enter  but the King of England cannot enter  all his force dares not cross the threshold of the ruined tenement!
Fraud and deceit abound in these days more than in former times.
Law is the safest helmet.
The house of every one is to him as his castle and fortress, as well for his defence against injury and violence as for his repose.
He is not cheated who knows he is being cheated.
The royal navy of England hath ever been its greatest defense and ornament; it is its ancient and natural strength; the floating bulwark of our island.
That the king can do no wrong, is a necessary and fundamental principle of the English constitution.
It is better that ten guilty persons escape, than that one innocent suffer.
It is a general popular error to suppose the loudest complainers for the publick to be the most anxious for its welfare.
People crushed by law, have no hopes but from power. If laws are their enemies, they will be enemies to laws; and those who have much to hope and nothing to lose, will always be dangerous.
Bad laws are the worst sort of tyranny.
The people never give up their liberties but under some delusion.
You can never plan the future by the past.
They made and recorded a sort of institute and digest of anarchy, called the Rights of Man.
Those who have been once intoxicated with power, and have derived any kind of emolument from it, even though but for one year, never can willingly abandon it.
There is nothing that God has judged good for us that He has not given us the means to accomplish, both in the natural and the moral world.
The first and the simplest emotion which we discover in the human mind is Curiosity.
No passion so effectually robs the mind of all its powers of acting and reasoning as fear.
When bad men combine, the good must associate; else they will fall one by one, an unpitied sacrifice in a contemptible struggle.
All who have ever written on government are unanimous, that among a people generally corrupt, liberty cannot long exist.
There is but one law for all, namely, that law which governs all law, the law of our Creator, the law of humanity, justice, equity  the law of nature, and of nations.
Superstition is the religion of feeble minds.
He's got a boy-next-door look about him.
When leaving from the gulf of Otranto, we were thirty; but when arriving in Cadiz, we were ten.
Superstitions derive from the inability of men to acknowledge that coincidences are merely coincidences.
Make sure you cut the board against the grain.
Don't you want to come along?
Imogen of the Internet, in an attempt to save the earth, sketches exclusively in oekaki chatrooms instead of on paper.
Imogen of the Internet calls people out for openly liking the same fan fiction that she does secretly.
Have you got that in stock?
He's offered to help.
Ladies and Gentlemen, now we will start the movie.
All that you said in the mail is correct, except the price.
The doctor warned me to stay away from booze.
In contrast to yesterday, it isn't hot at all today.
You have to keep your promise.
She had to stay in the hospital for weeks because of her illness.
I thought your remark was interesting.
Wouldn't you like to drink some tea?
Japan is a country in which there are many earthquakes.
Did you all clean your room?
He'll help you if you ask.
He works in that lab.
Everyone is smiling in the picture.
How does this work?
There is no honor among thieves.
My neighbor's dog is dead.
I haven't seen him for a very long time.
I have to clean up my apartment.
"That shan't happen again," Fortunatus said to himself, and they started to ride at each other again. This time, Fortunatus's spear met his foe so powerfully that he flew from his horse like a ball and lay dead on the earth.
I don't like to speak in front of people.
I often went skiing in the winter.
He went bankrupt.
Where is the washroom?
Intonation is a notoriously difficult part of a foreign language to acquire.
As she was really busy, she couldn't come.
Don't forget to send that letter.
Again, the toddler says, "no, I won't" as he is wont to do.
How can you have a belfry without bats?
Warning: unsupported characters are displayed using the '_' character.
She's a few fries short of a Happy Meal.
The American tourist insisted on gelato, for he was too hipstery for regular ice cream.
One gladiator's weapon of choice is the mace, while the other's is a sword.
The cat is under the chair.
In one of my most loathed fever dreams, I had to unscramble a block of dry ramen with my mind.
Tatoeba is just Twitter for language nerds. I eagerly await tempestuous floods of snarky hashtags in every sentence.
Subjective reality is whatever the hell I want it to be.
Stravinsky's The Rite of Spring caused riots at its premiere. These days, of course, music is only capable of causing angry YouTube comment threads.
A katydid's ears are in its knees.
I'm careful when I zip up my jeans, not to pinch myself.
I like music and English.
Your eyes are like pools of eyes.
A body of researchers funded by Frito-Lay are attempting to compile a list of bite-size snack foods through which the body and blood of Christ can transubstantiate.
To the chagrin of young job seekers the world over, McDonald's now requires a bachelor's in philosophy for its cashiers.
In this family, jokes are not laughed at but rejoined with other jokes.
Jimmy was intensely jealous of the dots in Zo's name.
"I Love You" is the title of more songs than anyone can sing in her lifetime.
From the coffee table photo book to the bathroom factoid anthology to the bedside escapist novel, American literature is designed to match the furniture.
Crowd sourcing varies from person to person.
I'd go to the goth club more often, but my outfits are depressingly cheerful, not cheerfully depressing.
You have helped me so much, I'd like to express my sincere gratitude.
His first work gained great popularity among people.
His words set everybody roaring with laughter.
You can go to prison for that.
He was sent to prison for armed robbery.
He's currently in prison for tax fraud.
Has prison changed him?
Has prison changed her?
Has prison changed them?
Has prison changed these people?
The people who stay in prison are called prisoners.
She could face a ten-year prison term.
He could face a ten-year prison term.
They could face a ten-year prison term.
Adam spent years in jail for drug possession.
She's been sent to jail for murder.
Stuart handed me a piece of paper with an address written on it.
He sat down and read the paper.
The story was in all the papers.
Is that today's paper?
We had to show our papers at the security desk.
His private papers include a diary of his first year in parliament.
Some important papers are missing from the files.
Please hand your papers in now.
He has published many papers on the subject.
Leading scholars have been invited to present papers at the conference.
Someone who is misanthropic dislikes people and avoids social situations.
I want to drink a coffee.
The definition of 'family' has changed over the years.
We need a clear definition of the concept of human rights.
Some of the photographs lack definition.
A dictatorship means, by definition, one centre of power.
A dictatorship means, by definition, one center of power.
Do you take sugar in your coffee?
Two coffees, please.
We need some more coffee.
I poured myself a glass of whisky.
Two large whiskies, please.
He gave several examples of how we could change things.
She gave several examples of how we could change things.
You have to see it to believe it.
This sentence has a predicate but no subject.
No one has yet found the fountain of youth.
You should be setting a good example for your younger brother.
He followed his sister's example and demanded more money.
With his enthusiasm and determination, he's an example to the rest of the team.
We want the government to serve the whole nation.
Marge works for the Royal Bank of Scotland.
I need to go to the bank this morning.
A man was fishing on the opposite bank.
The library has a valuable bank of old documents.
You can borrow a copy from any public library.
We had lunch at a little coffee shop.
Isn't he Italian?
Who told you this?
When did you finish your studies?
I learned it from him.
Red-haired people tend to have freckles.
I wish the fedora would come back in style.
A bad writer's prose is full of hackneyed phrases.
I learnt it from him.
She's so gullible she'll believe anything you tell her.
She's a fixture at all the high-society parties.
Everyone was just flabbergasted that she was able to get pregnant at 48.
A little, old woman foiled the robbery by whacking the thief on the head with her cane.
Any play opening to bad reviews won't last long.
We took refuge in a cave and waited for the storm to pass.
He marches to the beat of a different drummer.
The judge recused himself from the case because of a conflict of interest.
A portion of the proceeds will go to benefit children with disabilities.
We picked the number at random.
Racial profiling is a controversial police tactic.
A quartet has one more member than a trio.
The punishment should be proportionate to the crime.
People with physical disabilities abhor being pitied.
The president wants to jump-start the sluggish economy by lowering taxes.
The middle finger is the longest.
I just got your letter yesterday.
Knowing that you're doing fine over there, I'm really pleased for you.
I haven't heard from you for a long time.
I'm just wondering how you are getting on and if you have adjusted to the new environment.
Sorry I haven't replied to your letter earlier.
I've been really busy with my graduation dissertation recently.
Please give my regards to your family.
Many Americans insist that immigrants speak English, but wouldn't a true language purist insist on Old English, wynns, thorns, edhs and all?
I haven't the foggiest.
Nietzsche spoke of "bermenschen," not "bermnner," so your supermen and overmen can go sit on a fencepost.
Why do you have to do it?
Do you think it'll work?
And you, how's it going?
Who do you talk to?
So where did you live?
Is this sentence in the present perfect or simple past?
He's not a boy anymore.
I don't understand him sometimes.
He's a little like his father.
He visited Japan when he was president.
I'm beautiful.
Her eyes were full of tears.
We have three planes.
There are hundreds of books in his studio.
It's an excellent wine.
I need three hours to write this letter.
You'll need a ticket to travel by bus.
He is painting a picture.
School starts at nine.
How was the weather yesterday?
Everything's in order here.
I want to ask you something, Ms. Ionescu.
I think I understood.
I am Antonio.
My name is Luis.
I know that.
It was all delicious!
My, how she eats!
I study at the University of Hyogo.
I'll see you at the library tomorrow.
Her legs are long.
Anita washes the tub.
I have to tell him something.
I'm reading a book about languages.
It's so hot in Havana!!!
I wrote him a friendly reply.
No, I agree.
I blacked out.
His dad calls him Tom.
Don't reach for the moon, child.
She gave him some money.
But where are the snows of yesteryear?
Life is too short to worry about things like that.
Yesterday I ate skewers.
Could you cook a skewer for me, please?
Do we really want all these cars polluting the air?
She breathed in the cold air.
I'd like to open the window: I need some air.
A blast of cold air swept through the house.
They threw their hats up into the air.
The baby waved its legs in the air.
His jokes really slay me.
I told William, but he didn't believe me.
Like all dogs, he'll chase a rabbit if he sees one.
Everyone has a right to say what he thinks.
The property must have been nearly a thousand acres all told.
I'm telling you  that's how it happened.
I can't tell you how sorry I am.
She threatened to tell on me.
You promised you wouldn't tell.
These endless business trips are telling on his marriage.
The strain of the last few days was beginning to tell.
Peter could tell that she was bored.
It's never easy to tell whether he's being serious or not.
He's lying, I can always tell.
Can you tell butter from margarine?
They're so alike I can never tell one from the other.
These days it's hard to tell the difference between political parties.
I told you it wouldn't work.
Do as you're told this minute!
You will be told where to sit.
I told you to be here on time this morning.
I told him what to do, but he wouldn't listen.
I'll tell you one thing: I wouldn't like to have his job.
Something tells me we haven't heard the last of him.
You can always rely on Jane to tell it like it is.
Tell me, what's she really like?
I'm so overworked.
They said I was their best worker.
David tells me that you're leaving.
The children are learning to tell the time.
Josh asked me out, but I told him where to go.
I kept telling myself that it would all be over soon.
To tell you the truth, I'm completely bored.
You can never tell how long these meetings will last.
This is so boring.
You're telling me.
What hurts you?
Our car will run out of petrol in minutes.
I want to go to see a movie.
I want to go to see a film.
Bela Lugosi acted in several films.
Bela Lugosi acted in several movies.
The book I read yesterday was really interesting.
I was impressed by the new MPplayer.
We have enough on our plate at the office.
Both of these are Song Dynasty block-printed editions.
I'm Italian.
I am Italian.
I'd like to understand how commerce works.
Lots of companies have implemented an eight-hour working day.
After work, I go right home.
Let us go forward together.
Let me write it down so I don't forget.
They don't realize that they're being used as pawns to obtain a wider political objective.
The style of this item of clothing is good; it's just a bit expensive.
I'd certainly like to go and watch the match; it's just that I'm not sure if I have time.
It's still not certain who's going to win this match.
I haven't seen Xiaowang for a month now; perhaps he's already gone back to his own country.
What time will you go home today?
My work at the TV station is handling letters written in by viewers.
Today I haven't dealt with the things I wanted to deal with; I'll have to work overtime again.
The population of China has already exceeded 1.billion.
This year, the speed of development in our company far exceeds that of last year.
If you want to set your mind at rest and relax at home, first you have to not think about work matters.
With the T.V. on, how can you keep your mind on your studies?
In the United States, fluoride is added to the drinking water.
These days many young people work without much focus; my friend's son hadn't gone two years after graduating before he'd changed jobs five times.
In other aspects, the results of Laowang's health examination were all quite normal; it was just that his blood pressure was a bit high.
This year's weather isn't very typical.
Our company's technology has already reached the level of a developed country in the 1990s.
No matter how hard I strive, I fail to achieve my parents' requirements.
Chinese is too easy to learn.
I can already write in Chinese.
I come from China.
For this race, people under the age of (including 35) join the young people's group; people from to years old join the middle-aged group and people or over join the elderly group.
In China, children shorter than 1.1m don't need to buy a ticket to travel by train.
Whilst at university, Xiaowang held the post of class monitor.
From graduation to retirement, Laowang worked as a teacher without intermission.
During the probation period of my friend's new job, each month's salary is RMB; once the probation period has been fulfilled, each month's salary is RMB.
I can't write in Chinese.
I've got two books.
Those who know do not talk. Those who talk do not know.
Speak the truth, even if your voice shakes.
Imagine there's a war and no one shows up.
May I have a straw, please?
The calzone is a pizza-like turnover, filled with tomatoes and cheese, whose name comes from an Italian word for "pants."
He's on the playground, surrounded by 12-year-olds twice a day, five times a week! How do you expect him to be mature?
What a load of horseshit!
Kirby's quintessentially Japanese cuteness is almost incomprehensible to his American audience, who satirize him as a dark and gloomy character constantly, almost as a reflex.
There was a version of the King James Bible for the original Game Boy.
Big things come in small packages.
Chimpanzees have been known to maul their owners.
A black panther can be a jaguar or leopard, but in either case it has a gene that causes it to produce more melanin than other specimens.
When submitting a new sentence, feel free to add usage notes or tag requests in a comment below it.
Bonobos often use sexual behavior, sometimes homosexual, sometimes heterosexual, for social negotiation.
What time is your Basque class?
What's your favorite music?
What genres of music are you into?
John doesn't know how to play the guitar.
Lie to me again. In this case I'd prefer not to know the truth.
The baby needs his mother.
I was born in Barcelona on March 23, 1969.
Do you know of any good dentists?
Many fish swim in the river.
I'll wait for you in my room.
Please excuse me, I have to leave.
See you Sunday at three.
He had discovered a new star.
"Where is her book?" "It's on the table."
I asked her what kind of music she liked.
People sometimes ask me what I'm going to do when I retire.
What about?
Harry, I'm worried.
What was the weather like?
I told him what the problem was.
We suddenly realized what was happening.
I haven't even thought about what I'm going to wear to the dinner.
He doesn't know what to do.
You haven't given me what I asked for.
What you need is a good long holiday.
What annoys me is the way he boasts about what he's done.
George always does his best, and that's what I like about him.
This sentence needs to be checked.
Tom eagerly finished up what was left of the champagne and chicken pie.
What little free time he had was spent with the family.
You mean he can't read or write?
Are they still in bed?
What a nice surprise!
What a nuisance for you, having to make all these changes.
Whenever he adopts a new business strategy, his employees fear for their jobs.
In many cultures, accountants aren't thought of as an exciting lot.
Dyes and other food additives are notorious amongst supporters of organic food.
Adopting a child is a tough decision with plenty of bureaucracy to wade through.
Averages come in three flavors: mean, median, and mode.
My grandfather, who collected baseball cards as a kid, used to compare batting averages between players. He started a lot of arguments with his friends that way.
We used to meet at that pleasant spot.
He spoke of sex in a rather businesslike manner, which was how he tried to avoid talking about his problems with intimacy.
Centrists can be just as extreme as activists on the far left or right.
Early American colonists often had extremely strict work ethics inspired by their unique take on Christianity.
The baby is crowning! It's almost over!
Fans of the original comic had a field day with the myriad continuity issues of the movie adaptation.
Her coloring book lay limp, jagged with angular pink scribbles.
Single dads are becoming more and more vocal in the U.S.
The rationale behind certain New Age treatments can be dangerously wrong.
Much of the riots' coverage was taken from the cell phones of passersby, saving local news outlets valuable film which they would later use for banal "human" "interest" "stories."
There exists a beautiful, colorful species of turkey in the Yucatn Peninsula called the "ocellated turkey," or "el pavo ocelado."
The departmental heads, lost in petty argument, could not reach a cohesive decision.
Death before dishonor!
Don't be disrespectful to your mother!
In the U.S. it is disrespectful to slurp while eating noodles, but in Japan it is considered polite and even flattering.
Be sure to clear the lint trap before you run the dryer. Otherwise, you might start a fire.
Elevens have to be timed well in craps.
His eights looked like lowercase Gs.
She was born with underdeveloped lungs, but eventually a few steroid shots set her straight.
Even his everyday speech was an off-the-cuff, tangential, disjointed narrative.
Who are you to address me so familiarly?
The senator favors a policy that would leave me and thousands of my peers without a job.
Shortly before her fiftieth birthday, she received the news about the birth of her grandchild.
Librarians are woefully underutilized.
In a lawless outpost deep within the desert, everybody wore football shoulder pads and mohawks.
Mars has two moons: Phobos and Deimos.
Her standards for men are impossibly high, thanks to a girlhood rich in Disney, Cosmopolitan, and private school.
I was picturing a completely different concept, but I like where you're going with this.
Every time I attempt to teach myself C++, I get stuck on pointers.
She gave him a few pointers on pronunciation.
Hollywood guns have unlimited ammo, so of course all the bad guys can afford to be such bad shots.
He disregards his wife every time she asks to cuddle.
Henry populated his model train set with little plastic animals from the dollar store.
Astonish your friends by teaching your dog to do backflips!
I'm totally boned!
Franz boned the fish fillets, then sauted them in butter, garlic, and lemon juice.
His sexist slur was broadcasted across the country.
How many more Christmases must we go hungry?
The United States boast some of the world's cleanest food.
Alana and Nila went clubbing the other day.
Stop clubbing the suspect and let him talk already!
I can hear her drumming from five stories below!
The manager dismisses someone almost once a month now, and I don't know how we can flip burgers any faster or better or with more team spirit or whatever it is that he wants.
The waistband has lost its elasticity and now it's all crumbly and itchy.
Some electricians learn their trade within an apprenticeship system instead of going to college.
She enclosed a little dark chocolate in her valentine.
Unsaturated fats are essential to a healthy diet.
This is a rather fatty cut of meat.
Nate has the fiercest attitude of his whole squadron.
I always laugh at funerals.
It's better to stay in her mother's good graces.
We used to play over by that grassy knoll.
I find that I get the best flavor by grinding fresh peppercorns.
He grinds on chicks all the timewell, he tries to. God almighty, does he try.
Lupe grinds the piloncillo into a fine powder.
Tim's uncle was a machine gunner on a helicopter in Vietnam.
Those little yogurts may be guiltless, but do they really taste like key lime pie?
El Carnicero harvests organs and disposes of bodies for a living, working in the shadows, unlike many of his associates.
He often hastens physical intimacy, much to the chagrin of his dates.
I'm sick of playing these goddamn guessing games with you.
Arroz negro tastes inky because it's made with squid ink.
My fingers are all inky from the tragic calligraphy accident.
How many milligrams are you taking right now?
It's offensive how inoffensive you are!
His unrelenting mildness infuriates me! Where is his drive? Where is his passion?
This hallway keeps narrowing as I go farther and farther in.
The editor often omits those little details that make the author's points logically sound.
His code's readability drowned in a riptide of nested parentheses.
Nested dolls are a telltale Russian export.
Frankie parceled out soup for each of the homeless men.
He patterned his stage persona after anime characters.
A litany of taste tests enabled Hugo to distinguish between a variety of pastes.
Her husband occasionally pauses mid-sentence, and then simply leaves.
Beating the game without continuing unlocks the secret character.
He bore an unmistakable reference to his father. It made his mother cry.
Few things can match the unmitigated fury of child preachers.
By pooling their money, they were able to afford a new computer for the office.
Jane radioed the dispatcher for backup.
The energy of his lines and the rawness of his strokes place him firmly in the modern art canon.
Moira refreshes the page every seconds.
How many sacrificial lambs do we need to bring the rain back?
Scented soaps tended to make her skin itch.
Whips can have one or many tails.
This is a support group for widows.
She decorated her notebook with gum wrappers so the cover was all shiny.
What are the zeros of this parabola?
Half the pain of chest waxing is in the anticipation.
Unfortunately for his rsum, he has no taste for volunteering.
Visualization, a favorite tool of the psychologist, cannot solve all problems, but many so-called positive thinkers seem to think that it can.
She was visibly afraid to be here.
This violates about a million penal codes and every holy book there is.
Tragedy is a powerful unifying factor for a nation's people.
The call was traceable to an address in south Detroit.
This is a topical cream, not a toothpaste, so I hope your gums are free of hemorrhoids.
Taping a woman's wrists together is not first date activity.
His successors slowly undid his popular economic reforms.
Rightists often dislike regulatory legislation.
Some humorists do randomness right, and some are breaded and lightly fried with herbs.
The advisory board had a lot of qualms about her latest album, which she ended up releasing independently.
She works as an advertiser at a New Jersey firm.
Mariela had a terrible time with her college advisors, who were worse at keeping her schedule together than she herself was.
Sony ambitiously revealed its newest project early in order to take competitors by surprise.
Could you have afforded another TV at a time like that?
Quit wallowing in your postmodern, wangsty aimlessness and stand up for something!
Lyle is getting angrier by the second.
Apologizing isn't going to heal hundreds of second-degree burns, sir.
The new CEO opened up a lot of avenues for partnerships.
The lumberjack had a variety of axes for different jobs.
This has to be graphed on three axes, so go ahead and whip out your laptops, kids.
An exclusively behavioral approach to psychology ignores family problems, school situations, and a host of other issues that can adversely affect a child's emotional and psychological growth.
He exhibited a number of behaviors typical of his diagnosis.
An inch is now precisely 2.centimeters.
Treasure chests abound in the dungeon, but so do horrible monsters.
Thanks to the Internet, the world is beginning to turn away from the centralization of resources and power that characterized the Industrial Revolution.
Proponents of a newer study classify the golden-bellied mangabey as a distinct subspecies.
The closeness of their relationship was too much for him and his busy schedule.
Each picture in the blog includes textual descriptions for blind readers.
Everything this boy says oozes discontentment. I have to wonder about his parents.
Wes dug through the unclaimed baggage, looking for something to pawn.
She was uncommonly witty and charming.
The cherry cordials are her favorites out of the whole chocolate box.
After a failed soldering job, this computer is a bit less than fixable.
The freshest of all scents, if it exists, is definitely not laundry soap.
These gatherings always get rowdy after hours, when the boss breaks out the single-malt scotch.
That's fine by me.
Night has fallen!
I studied around the clock.
I often go out with friends in the evening.
I applied for a summer internship.
This novel is very difficult to understand.
The same force spread over a smaller area will produce more pressure.
You can't get the suitcase closed because you've stuffed too much into it.
He tells a new lie to cover up those that came before.
Moses came down from the mountain bearing divine commandments.
The report gives a sober assessment of the current state of science education in the US.
The assassin smothered his victim with a pillow.
Her slurred speech was an indication that she was drunk.
The slippery snake slithered right out of his hand.
You have the right to free speech, but not the right to slander.
A heavy stone slab was lowered over the grave.
Quite a few shingles flew off the roof during the storm.
He's gone into hiding.
Would you like to do the honors?
You never get a second chance to make a first impression.
You sure ruffled her feathers with that anti-feminist joke.
Real friends stick together through thick and thin.
The Brazilian economy is growing by leaps and bounds.
The national health service takes care of you from womb to tomb.
After eight years of Bush the election of Obama was, for many, a breath of fresh air.
My aunt died an old spinster.
My neighbor is a penny-pinching old miser who won't even give you the time of day.
He hung an old, wooden oar on his wall as a decoration.
He swore never to trust her again.
Is what a computer does when it computes an apt metaphor for what the mind does when it thinks?
There are wavelengths of light that the human eye cannot perceive.
Certain smells can easily trigger childhood memories.
I believe in one God, and no more; and I hope for happiness beyond this life.
All national institutions of churches, whether Jewish, Christian, or Turkish, appear to me no other than human inventions set up to terrify and enslave mankind, and monopolize power and profit.
It is impossible to calculate the moral mischief, if I may so express it, that mental lying has produced in society.
The word of God is the creation we behold and it is in this word, which no human invention can counterfeit or alter, that God speaketh universally to man.
It is only by the exercise of reason that man can discover God.
The sublime and the ridiculous are often so nearly related, that it is difficult to class them separately. One step above the sublime makes the ridiculous, and one step above the ridiculous makes the sublime again.
Man is not the enemy of man but through the medium of a false system of government.
The Christian religion is from heaven. The gates of hell shall not prevail against it, and its professors are not afraid of its being examined. It has stood for eighteen hundred years, and it will stand long.
The Court has no fears for the safety of the Christian religion. It does not believe that the rock upon which Christianity stands can ever be shaken.
There is no act which Christianity forbids, that the law will not reach: if it were otherwise, Christianity would not be, as it has always been held to be, part of the law of England.
It is not necessary for the public to know whether I am joking or whether I am serious, just as it is not necessary for me to know it myself.
The demand that I make of my reader is that he should devote his whole Life to reading my works.
There is not past, no future; everything flows in an eternal present.
It is one thing to show a man that he is in error, and another to put him in possession of the truth.
Religion, which should most distinguish us from the beasts, and ought most particularly elevate us, as rational creatures, above brutes, is that wherein men often appear most irrational, and more senseless than beasts.
Which celebrity is "the hotness" today?
This is awfully hilly terrain; I hope we don't screw up the transmission.
Does anyone actually sell leaded gasoline anymore?
He won't let you in unless you knock the ostinato rhythm from the Mars movement of Holst's The Planets suite.
Well, to me, he seems kind of annoying.
We don't have a tumble dryer.
We have to act quickly.
My friend is studying Korean.
He has been to France three times.
I work better under pressure.
I don't like pepperoni pizza very much.
I'm in the car.
Don't threaten me.
I don't want to go to bed.
Quit picking your scabs. I don't care how good it feels.
A clove cigarette miasma made navigating the pub like swimming underwater.
Of course Jon Stewart is America's most trusted anchor noweven our real news is a farce!
He made a farcical attempt to save face during the fallout of his sex scandal.
Are there infixes in English? Abso-fucking-lutely!
Estonia has its own national anthem.
I never go shopping on Saturdays.
They don't eat meat.
Susan never smokes.
We don't often eat out.
They are vegetarians.
She doesn't live near the office.
The Italians never drink coffee.
The Italians often drink coffee.
The Italians always eat spaghetti.
It's always sunny in Italy.
The Italians always sleep for an hour after lunch.
The Italians seldom talk about politics.
Italian men never help in the house.
Italians eat a big meal twice a day.
The Italians always drink wine.
They never drink beer.
I plan to never drink again.
Looking back at 2010, I think I wasted too much time.
My hope for the new year is to study harder.
The best way to really know a person is to see how he behaves when he is absolutely free to choose.
Alex often spends his holiday in Spain.
We receive many telephone calls from abroad.
Ron likes surfing.
You should prepare for the worst.
It always snows here in winter.
I usually shop in Oxford Street.
In my view, studying hard is the best way to achieve success.
My friends go to The New Pizzeria every Friday evening.
The 9:train stops at Bambury.
This shop sells very good shoes.
She smokes a lot.
Do you speak Spanish?
I don't mind doing the housework.
I would hate to work shifts.
I prefer going to the mountains in summer.
I like to read before I go to bed.
I like to give a little charity each year.
I hate to interrupt you but it's very late.
Julian keeps on forgetting to switch off the computer.
I'm writing a random sentence.
I used to work in a bank when I lived in London.
Philip is more handsome than you.
The Himalayas are higher than the Alps.
Philip is more handsome than you are.
They usually get home later than we do.
This carpet is more valuable than that one.
Mary isn't as active as her sister.
Mary's less active than her sister.
She doesn't speak English as fluently as you.
Mary is less active than her sister.
Stephen travels more than his boss.
Steve spends the most of all the family.
The days are getting warmer and warmer.
Bank services are getting more and more expensive.
Fiona's letters were becoming less and less frequent.
This newspaper is selling fewer and fewer copies.
You're spending less and less time with the children.
The sooner you do it, the better it is.
The more you eat, the fatter you'll get.
The more you do now, the less you'll do tomorrow.
Samantha has arrived.
John isn't here.
He has gone to the library.
I have gone.
I've told you many times.
Have you been to this pub before?
I have seen James recently.
I have recently seen James.
Have you ever eaten sea urchins?
I've already had a coffee.
I seldom hear from him.
Jim has never been abroad.
Have you bought any new clothes lately?
I didn't envision him as a Klingon speaker; his forehead was too smooth.
Open the door for love.
They said something to the effect of Im going in the same direction so, Ill call a taxi and then why dont you ride with me?
Do we already have that text?
He is living abroad at the moment.
She is always losing her handkerchief.
It is said that the price of wine may go up at any time now.
It is rumoured that a spaceship has been seen near Shanghai.
He is a man of strong, stable and trustworthy character.
I cannot praise them too highly.
The term 'greenhouse effect' is often used when people talk about global changes of climate nowadays.
She sat on the empty beach watching the waves roll in one after the other.
In an almanac you can find information about the phases of the moon.
One should give alms to the poor.
In truth, there was only one Christian, and he died on the cross.
How many letters does the Russian alphabet have?
My grandfather amassed a great fortune in the stock market and then lost it all over night.
It's a pretty minor surgery so the doctor will probably only give you a local anaesthetic.
Mexico is experiencing unprecedented violence as drug cartels are battling over distribution routes.
They renewed their vows on their 25th wedding anniversary.
I was amazed to learn that fewer and fewer young people can write in cursive.
"What toppings do you want on the pizza?" "Anything but anchovies."
In the fight to abolish slavery Lincoln knew that he occupied the moral high ground.
The trade agreement must provide a level playing field in which to compete.
Nothing seems so tender to me as an old couple walking down the street holding hands.
He's in the bathroom.
You have to ask me for it.
These pillows need to be fluffed up.
The thief stubbed his toe on the door.
A great number of these buildings are World Heritage Sites.
But I have no money.
Let the game begin.
It rained this afternoon.
Whenever you download something from the Internet, make sure it's from a trusted source.
Don't forget to lock the door!
After that English exam, my brain is fried.
Where am I supposed to be right now? I can't find anyone in my group.
Just hang around in the lobby until the basketball game.
You got 120% on the physics exam? You could probably teach that class...
The more I study for an exam, the worse I do! I guess correlation does not imply causation.
I wonder if it's possible to teach myself perfect pitch.
Most people don't even scratch the surface of the human mind's capacity for memorization.
Doctor L.L. Zamenhof (1859-1917) personally translated masterpieces of literature into Esperanto.
The site http://esperanto.typeit.org/ really facilitated my survival in Tatoeba.
So many tasty foods can be prepared with eggplants!
Pull the bobbin, and the latch will go up.
Drink water only when you are thirsty; drinking glasses a day is only a myth.
It is a term used to describe the warming of the earth due to increasing amounts of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere.
Why are there disappointments in human life?
Usually they are all brought about by ones own misdeeds and nothing more. For me, however, this is not the case; I am a man of great feeling, who values his word, and is straightforward and unrestrained, but these qualities have become the causes of problems for me.
How much more so for my father, the honourable Mr Jia, who is generous and chivalrous, anxious to help those in difficulty, deals with peoples problems, and helps people marry off their daughters and raise their sons; examples of these cannot be counted on ones fingers. He spends money like dirt, much of it for other people.
When there were unexpected expenses in the household of me and my wife, we could not avoid pawning our belongings.
At first, we could make ends meet, but as it continued we became unable to cover our expenses.
As the proverb goes, To manage a household and maintain relationships, you cannot do without money.
Initially this gave rise to gossip among petty people, and it gradually provoked criticism from members of our family.
A woman without talent  thats virtue - true words from the ancients of a thousand-years ago.
The greatest wisdom has no shape; the greatest vessel is the latest to be completed; the greatest music has the most tenuous notes.
I'm tired of translating.
He made me his own assistant.
It's strange that people in hot climate zones eat spicy things like curry.
Your father is Japanese.
Whose letter is this?
I can't find the word to express what I feel.
I'm glad that they fixed the heating system, but now it's too hot.
She didn't go yesterday.
I have xenophobia.
Do you know the way?
Someone left their umbrella in the hall.
It's senseless to worry about doing it.
The distinction between hardcore soccer fans and criminals is becoming more and more undistinguishable.
We'll be in touch.
One year is not enough to visit all the places in Kyoto.
Call me Ishmael.
When I see this photograph, I think of my family.
I only have butter in my refrigerator.
You trust him completely.
Turn right at the intersection.
Armies invaded and conquered the enemy territory.
An army was divided into the vanguard, the rearguard and the main body.
When two armies met, they drew up and fought a pitched battle.
Trench warfare characterized the 1914-War.
After a battle casualties are usually heavy.
Some men are slained, others wounded, others reported missing in action.
Lucky are those who have escaped safe and sound.
Soldiers were regularly relieved and found relative safety in the dug-outs.
The soldiers in the outposts are continually on the look-out, ready to push back enemy attacks.
It was very imprudent, very rash of you to speak about her the way you did last night.
George took up the problem of racialism.
He took it up with Mr. Jones, who was forever taken up short by his boss, Mr. Douglas.
How many times have I explained to you that your explanation is most unconvincing?
If you really have grounds for acting the way you did, then please tell me.
So far, your action seems completely groundless.
Justify your attitude, come on, justify being there when it all happened.
Your movements were unaccountable.
You have a very logical way of thinking.
Logic is obviously your strong point.
You are always very concise and very much to the point.
Other people are always off the point.
Virtual memory is a memory management technique developed for multitasking kernels.
Almost all implementations of virtual memory divide the virtual address space of an application program into pages; a page is a block of contiguous virtual memory addresses.
Pages are usually at least KiB (4bytes) in size, and systems with large virtual address ranges or large amounts of real memory generally use larger page sizes.
By the debate over virtual memory for commercial computers was over. An IBM research team led by David Sayre showed that their virtual memory overlay system consistently worked better than the best manually controlled systems.
Some systems, such as Burroughs B5500, do not use paging to implement virtual memory. Instead, they use segmentation, that divide virtual address spaces into variable-length segments. A virtual address consists of a segment number and an offset within the segment.
I took a walk in the mountains.
He's learning to swim.
She's learning to swim.
Once the work is done, usually around half past five, I come home to have dinner.
He's been divorced for years already.
As for the Emperor, he is the ruler of the world. As for the barbarians, they are the servants of the world.
Truthful speech is not elegant, and elegant speech is not truthful. Good words are not persuasive, and persuasive words are not good. The knowledgeable are not many, and the many are not knowledgeable.
The Way produces one, one produces two, two produces three, and three produces the myriad things.
There is no dog which is bigger than this one.
He's a British citizen, but he lives in India.
The demon grabbed my sister and, with howling laughter, cast her into a bottomless pit.
The Mormons have outlawed polygamy, but some adherents still practice it.
The cow gave birth to a calf with two heads.
The submarine had to break through a thin sheet of ice to surface.
Simone, please go and set the table.
Since she got her braces, I've hardly seen her smile.
Instant noodles are a staple among college students.
He has unsightly hairs growing out of his ears.
He began courting her in earnest when he found out that she had another suitor.
Your eccentricities can make you either charming or tedious.
The pastor's sermons may bore you, but they are morally edifying.
The pilot ejected his seat seconds before the plane crashed.
This species of deer is so elusive that only two have ever been photographed in the wild.
If you would talk less and listen more, you might learn something.
Keep me posted.
Unlimited tolerance must lead to the disappearance of tolerance. If we extend unlimited tolerance even to those who are intolerant, if we are not prepared to defend a tolerant society against the onslaught of the intolerant, then the tolerant will be destroyed, and tolerance with them.
You shouldn't go swimming after eating a big meal.
I forgot who said that.
Kill me with words!
They grew frustrated.
It will grow old.
The Displacement of the idea that facts and evidence matter, by the idea that everything boils down to subjective interests and perspectives is  second only to American political campaigns  the most prominent and pernicious manifestation of anti-intellectualism in our time.
If every user added twenty a day to Tatoeba, it might be possible to reach one million sentences by Christmas.
He left me waiting for an hour.
Go out and breathe some fresh air instead of watching TV.
My Twitter account is suspended because of spamming.
I'm not a fan of Kim Kardashian.
Kim Kardashian started a campaign against Turkey, so I never like her.
While I was coming home I saw him, but he pretended that he hadn't seen me.
Marriage isn't a subject that interests young people.
I only saw him once.
He lived alone in the forest.
What is the advantage to this technology?
Go out and get some fresh air instead of watching TV.
He is also studying Chinese.
Tom got some wrong on the test.
You go to school, right?
Do you want some scrambled eggs?
I had a little bit of a fever this morning.
It's cloudier today than yesterday.
In most languages the verb is an essential part of speech.
I'll come at five to pick you up at your place.
I heard that Mr. Inoue has stayed at that hotel.
The feelings of "love at first sight" and "faithful unto death" are unrealistic; this sort of unrealistic and illusory feeling is not what we need.
The way some people see it, associating with the opposite sex is just like going to the seaside and gathering stones; everyone can pick up the ones they like.
Once you've picked up a stone that you like, take it home as soon as you can and treat it well, because that's the only stone you've got.
What's more, from now on you must remember that you cannot go to the seaside again (by believing this forever, I have already found the biggest, best and most fitting one for me).
The most important thing about relations with the opposite sex is not how good the other person is, but that they treat you well.
If one person's qualities are really good, and they have one hundred points, but of those hundred they only give you thirty or forty, or even ten or twenty and then inversely, another person maybe only has seventy or eighty points but they treat you with their heart and soul, then which person should you choose?
In fact, each person's qualities are the same.
No matter how good you are, there will always be people who are better than you.
Although you can't make it as "the greatest person", you can still be the best person to your partner.
Every guy can say "although I'm not the greatest man in the world, I am the man who is best to you."
The most important thing in a relationship lies in how good your partner is to you, and not in how good they are themselves.
If someone is already good in and of themselves, however, and treats you sincerely and from the heart, and truly loves you, then you really can entrust your life to them.
Today, women's only consideration in marriage is probably if you love him or not, if he loves you or not, whether he is sincere and heartfelt towards you, whether there will be pressure with him, whether there will be happiness, and not what his possessions are!
He's an interpreter in an international bank.
He is an interpreter in an international bank.
It's two pounds.
It's windy.
It's one mile from here.
She's my daughter.
She is my daughter.
Who's Mr. Owen?
Who is Mr. Owen?
It's important to know foreign languages.
He's my neighbour.
He is my neighbour.
I was looking at the dog, but, with another look, it had turned into a cat.
It is midday.
The men are eating lunch.
I've known John since 1976.
In total there are people in my family.
He has in his possession films that were never distributed to cinemas to protect them against piracy.
These jellies are nice.
This one or that one?
I don't like the red jacket.
I prefer the black one.
Although I was tired, I did my best.
Although I was tired, I did my very best.
All that is to be done is to wait.
I saw her walking along the kerb.
I have a paper glass.
How did you spend your holiday?
How have you spent your holiday?
Always praise whoever brought coffee to Europe.
Even if I had wished to stop, I couldn't.
You are a workaholic.
If I had a nickel for everytime a woman has turned me down, I'd be a rich man!
He regards women as disposable pleasures rather than as meaningful pursuits.
It would seem that you know something that I don't.
I hereby tender my resignation.
It is strange that you know nothing about her wedding.
He who makes the mistake bears the consequences.
Once upon a time, there was a bad king in England.
Do you know Latin?
I want to dive into the river.
I want to dive off the cliff.
Has the house got a garden?
Has the flat got a garden?
Is there a washing machine in the house?
Has the house got a dining room?
Is there a television in the house?
Is there a telephone in the flat?
Has the flat got three bedrooms?
Has the house got a garage?
Has the flat got a garage?
Are there two bathrooms in the flat?
This book isn't mine.
That suitcase isn't theirs.
That bicycle isn't his.
You should get his car fixed.
I wash my hands before eating lunch.
At least being sick gives you the perfect excuse to stay home and watch movies.
He's getting along well with all of his classmates.
I'd like to return this.
This sentence is not in Italian.
His favourite pastimes were hunting and golf.
Stephen King is one of my favourite writers.
My father is my friend because he gives me a lot of toys.
It seems that you're not having fun in here.
They went hunting most days of the season.
I need to go flat-hunting this weekend.
Lawrence didn't flaunt his wealth.
I'll write you or I'll phone you next week.
I fear that I might not be able to help you.
She didn't accept the invitation.
His selfishness makes me nervous.
What time do you often lay down?
The most important book to learn a foreign language is, naturally, a dictionary.
I hate my neighbour.
A sharp knife is nothing without a sharp eye.
He was thirsty.
C++0x will admit template functions that take an arbitrary number of arguments.
You are not the owner of this save data. You will not be able to save your progression. Trophies will be disabled.
It's tough to make predictions, especially about the future!
Who was the first person to break the four-minute mile?
The peasantry revolted wielding pitchforks and clubs.
The old man wanders from town to town peddling his wares.
I wonder if Prince William lets anyone call him Bill.
Prince William is second in line to the English throne.
The muscles in his legs had atrophied during the seven months he was bedridden.
Scientists long ago ceased to believe that the atom is the smallest unit of matter.
He who walks the straight and narrow path must resist temptations of all sorts.
I hear the Freemasons have a secret handshake.
Along the whole length of the pew hymnals are placed at regular intervals.
Fascism and communism as they were realised demonstrate two faces of the same monster.
We've had no word from Brian yet.
He sent a word that they had arrived safely.
Word of the incident spread quickly.
All you have to do is say the word, and I'll leave.
When I give the word, start the machine.
You gave me your word that you would look after them.
Tom and I have already had words about that today.
These were people who fought for money.
She's very susceptible to hypnotic suggestion.
A hypochondriac imagines maladies where none exist.
The hyena's bark sounds like laughter.
I miss the hustle and bustle of city life.
The last two lines of the document are mostly illegible.
There is strength in numbers.
This cookbook has recipes for every imaginable occasion.
Beyond what age is it unhealthy for a child to have imaginary friends?
The faithful believe that this relic is imbued with healing properties.
Good news! This is the four hundred forty-fourth sentence in Klingon.
Your body is nothing to be ashamed of.
Carbon dioxide is a gas that is produced every time a fuel such as coal, oil, or natural gas is burned.
Some scientists believe that the greenhouse effect is imaginary.
Others say it may even be beneficial.
They have both failed to find the most serious problem that has ever faced our planet.
First of all, the level of the ocean could rise, because ocean water expands as it grows warmer.
Melting polar icecaps could also contribute to an increase in sea levels.
People living on coastlines might lose their homes, and cities might be completely submerged.
This would be a terrible tragedy.
Parts of the world that are already hot enough might become unbearably so.
Did it come with leads?
Did it come with cables?
Did it come with cords?
Hot weather doesnt just mean that people feel a little unhappy.
Thanks for inviting me.
Is this the first time you have tasted it?
It means a huge increase in the use of air conditioning which uses energy, which costs money and creates pollution.
A well-made cup of coffee should require no cream or sugar.
It can make some people, especially elderly people and infants, very ill.
It can also kill crops.
Come whenever you'd like.
Use a dictionary to find the meanings of the phrases below.
Losing one's health is worse than losing money.
You can come at any time.
His father is Japanese.
My heart is in pain.
I'm so tired that I can't study.
The abbreviation of "Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference" is "CPPCC".
I can't afford eating in such an expensive restaurant.
The qipao is a classic female garment that originated in 17th century China.
I don't like pepperoni pizza that much.
Betty didn't say a word.
Kate always sleeps through her alarm. Speaking of which, have you seen her yet today?
I don't think he's a great actor.
He learnt the periodic table by heart just for fun.
All of this stationery is his.
I'd like to have a glass of water.
She cut the apple in two.
He said that he was tired and that is why he'd like to go home earlier.
As long as there's life, there is hope.
English has no word for "Zeitgeist".
As the wind blows, so does his jacket.
The term "qipao" is widely used in Northern China.
In Southern China, the qipao is also known as "changshan".
A qipao in the traditional style is made entirely by hand and requires labour-intensive manual tailoring techniques to enhance and exhibit every unique female form.
With a high, closed collar, figure-hugging cut, and large slits at either side of a straight skirt, the qipao is unique in its ability to communicate both modesty and sensuousness.
The original qipao was wide and loose.
The original qipao covered most of a woman's body, revealing only the head, the hands and the tips of the toes, in order to conceal the figure of the wearer regardless of her age.
The modern version, which is now popularly recognized in China as the standard qipao, was first developed in Shanghai after 1900.
People eagerly sought a more modernised style of dress and transformed the old qipao to suit their tastes.
Slender and form-fitting with a high cut, the new qipao contrasted sharply with the traditional one.
Some days ago I was in another place.
By the 1940s, the qipao came in a wide variety of designs and fabrics, with an equally wide variety of accessories.
The modernized version of the qipao is noted for accentuating the female figure.
With its distinctive Chinese features, the qipao enjoys growing popularity in the international world of high fashion.
She also bought the dictionary.
Sysko has plans to buy Microsoft.
Which shoes are too small?
She often speaks with her fianc.
She frequently speaks with her fianc.
Yesterday I went to Denizli and I saw a rooster near the coop.
I ate potato flavoured village bread in my hometown, Bolu.
Old birds sing, young birds twitter.
Children usually think and behave like their parents.
His wig is skew.
Good medicine is bitter to the mouth.
Soft healers make stinking wounds.
Who hurts his nose, also hurts his face.
The one whose butt got burned has to sit on the blisters.
Who seeds wind, shall harvest storm.
Whoever causes trouble will be the victim of the trouble.
He who is born for a dime, will never be worth a quarter.
The one who demands much, gets much. The one who demands too much, gets nothing.
One who doesn't take risks will not win.
If your colleagues don't work, either you do their work or I'll dismiss you by tomorrow morning.
It is said that there is a treasure buried around here.
They walked a great amount without drinking water.
Smoking is forbidden here.
How romantic!
I am going to undergo an electrocardiography.
What language is spoken in Egypt?
This is my horse.
He is my husband's best friend.
People call her Yotchan.
"" is a letter in the Guarani alphabet.
The champion of Eredivisie will be Ajax.
Kocaeli, especially Gebze, are industrial areas.
We write orum "orum" in Esperanto.
The founder of Facebook, Mark Zuckerberg, is almost a casanova.
Don't mention rope in the home of a hanged man.
Even a blind squirrel finds an acorn sometimes.
I sell a new car.
I felt ill.
I wonder which country will be the first to censor Tatoeba.
We should read at least one book a month.
If you'll just sit still I think I can comb out the knots in your hair.
The baby is cranky because it's teething.
My great aunt was a staunch teetotaler.
Hollywood marriages rarely last.
My brother just received tenure at the university where he teaches.
The tenor of the report is fairly negative.
They live in a rundown tenement on 5th St.
Tendrils from the plant are slowly wrapping themselves around the fence.
It used to be that a girl could only marry if she had a dowry.
I love the smell the pages of an old book give off when you open it.
Finally I found the answer to the question.
I wonder why eggs are sold by the dozen.
I walked by a little girl playing jumprope on the sidewalk.
He quickly scanned the page for the word he was looking for.
He was on the verge of revealing the secret when a sharp look from Martha shut him up.
I must confess that my theory doesn't account for that fact.
His criticism of the Thai people doesn't jibe at all with my experience of them.
The public is clamoring for more jobs and lower taxes.
The incumbent's rival is taking issue with the claim that crime was reduced by 50% under the current administration.
I'm sorry, I don't buzz in people I don't know.
Water is leaking into my goggles. I don't think they fit right.
This pool isn't for diving but for swimming laps.
He's nothing special. Just another working stiff.
My boss tried to cop a feel but I slapped his hand before he got any further.
She has the habit of clearing her throat whenever she's nervous.
It feels so good when you run your fingernails over my back.
Hey man, take it easy. I'm just messing with you.
She never forgave him the infidelity and held it over him every chance that she got.
I'm sorry, I fucked up.
Nice try, but no cigar.
The talk was peppered with scientific jargon that no one understood.
We raced toward the fire.
But otter hunting is no "mug's game." Let it be known that it requires more than a few couple of hounds and a brace or so of terriers to kill an otter.
He is very sensitive.
It was not clear whether they had done or not.
How much bus stops are to center?
I sell a new umbrella.
I work here.
I'm no guest.
He came home right at ten.
How is the family doing?
The desire is the father of the thought.
Tatoeba is a multi-language dictionary.
I would like to pay with cash.
Is breakfast included in the price?
The GDP of China still pales in comparison with that of the US.
He returned home three hours later.
First, do no harm.
I am from Brazil.
I like listening to music when I'm not doing anything.
Please don't make so much noise. They are studying at the library for a very difficult test.
He was wearing a dinner jacket.
He was wearing a tuxedo.
One apple a day keeps the doctor away!
This is an authentic Suzhou embroidery.
Scientists and the new media are presenting even more evidence of climate change.
Governments cannot be expected to solve this problem.
What is your occupation?
Include these points in a 3-minute talk about your book.
I caught my son making prank calls to random phone numbers.
The police are investigating my brother for the murder, but they're barking up the wrong tree.
My wife harbors a deep-seated resentment toward her father.
Read my lips, no new taxes!
By all accounts, Fr. Mulligan was a paragon of virtue.
Not thinking before he speaks, he invariably proceeds to stick his foot in his mouth.
Grandma Moses started painting when she was in her seventies. A late bloomer indeed!
A priest was called in to give last rites to the dying man.
After the argument with his wife he took a long walk to clear his head.
I have no beef with him.
Things aren't always as they appear.
Everybody needs something to believe in.
I didn't have time to think. I had to make a judgment call.
"Do you promise?" "Cross my heart and hope to die!"
My friend ended up taking the rap for a crime he didn't commit.
I study English for one hour every day.
If you don't eat, you'll die.
He knows this city very well.
I resign.
It's a pity that you don't know that.
I quit.
I was preparing to finish my report when my boss asked me to explain all of the project's details again.
Peter and Eve make a lovely couple.
Nowhere is safe.
No place is safe.
Dogs that bark don't bite.
Barking dogs don't bite.
Philosophy is actually homesickness: the drive to be at home everywhere.
Klabaster and Gizmo are cats.
Can you fix my broken tire now?
My native language is the most beautiful gift from my mother.
How many times have you gone?
The safeguard of the state shall be the supreme law.
The prisoner was set free yesterday.
Prior learning of the alphabet is very helpful.
He refused to say more about that.
She refused to say more about that matter.
He refused to say more about it.
Could you tell me the exact time, please?
The key is on the table.
A prolonged silence followed.
In the end, just don't drive me there.
Could you wake me up at the same time tomorrow?
He and I want to dance a lot and go for a walk.
It's already evening, I'm tired and have to finish writing. Good night!
Governments should not be in the business of legislating morality.
The bride is American with Polish origins.
They fit each other so perfectly.
Their wedding announcement is exquisite.
We received their wedding announcement.
Not only Esperantists, but also supporters of Esperanto may participate in the Congress.
She's lost the plot.
According to the Italians, translators are traitors.
Is there anything new today?
Is it your car?
The Government has collapsed, but the street fightings continue.
The ticket is good through Monday.
None of the girls is a student.
I'm really sad that I can't come tonight.
Have you traveled somewhere during the summer?
I share this room with my sister.
I cannot answer your question.
I can't answer your question.
He fascinated me.
She fascinated me.
He doesn't know that I'm Japanese.
She doesn't know that I'm Japanese.
In order to be easily understood, a sentence should not be unnecessarily complicated.
Can I visit Madame Tussauds?
Can I visit the London Eye?
He is resting on his laurels.
He is not just kind, but honest too.
He continued to work.
She told the joke with a straight face.
Why am I adding this sentence?
Spring has passed and summer starts.
Hey, steer clear of the boss today, he seems really ticked off about something.
Some people caricature gay men as limp-wristed and speaking with a lisp.
The defendant is being accused of a litany of criminal and civil offenses.
The hotel lobby boasts a beautiful, crystal chandelier from the 1920s.
A swarm of locusts descended on the cornfield.
Day after day the tabloids titillated the public with lurid details about the president's marital infidelity.
She told me not to tell anyone, so I didn't.
According to scientific estimates, the universe is nearly billion years old.
Penance is one of the seven sacraments.
The nurse used a sphygmomanometer to check my blood pressure.
If you participate in a decathlon you'll be throwing a discus at some point.
American football is for sissies. If you're a real man you play rugby.
The AT&T building in New York is an example of postmodern architecture.
Muslims always pray facing toward Mecca.
The biblical Tower of Babel is what architects call a ziggurat.
The skin is the largest organ of the body.
"Wow, your brother is really handsome!" "And what am I, chopped liver?"
Tatoeba is starting to look like one of Borges' labyrinthine libraries.
The pastor of the local Lutheran Church is considered a pillar of the community.
A young woman most penitently confessed to a friend of mine that an unholy desire to read women's magazines was her besetting 'temptation'.
If I eat too much chocolate, I break out in pimples.
The pier took a real beating from the hurricane.
Protesters were picketing outside the company's headquarters.
It is often not the costliest and most lifelike toy that wins the child's love.
When I became a man I put away childish things, including the fear of childishness and the desire to be very grown up.
Humans are amphibians  half spirit and half animal.... As spirits they belong to the eternal world, but as animals they inhabit time.
Much of the modern resistance to chastity comes from men's belief that they "own" their bodies.
per cent of us die, and the percentage cannot be increased.
We are half-hearted creatures, fooling about with drink and sex and ambition when infinite joy is offered us, like an ignorant child who wants to go on making mud pies in a slum because he cannot imagine what is meant by the offer of a holiday at the sea. We are far too easily pleased.
If I find in myself a desire which no experience in this world can satisfy, the most probable explanation is that I was made for another world.
I fancy that most people who think at all have done a great deal of their thinking in the first fourteen years.
The hardness of God is kinder than the softness of men, and His compulsion is our liberation.
All that is not eternal is eternally out of date.
What harm would it do, if a man told a good strong lie for the sake of the good and for the Christian church  a lie out of necessity, a useful lie, a helpful lie, such lies would not be against God, he would accept them.
I cannot forbid a person to marry several wives, for it does not contradict Scripture.
But it is specially evil that the young maiden folk are exceedingly bold of speech and bearing, and curse like troopers, to say nothing of their shameful words and scandalous coarse sayings, which one always hears and learns from another.
Reason is the greatest enemy that faith has: it never comes to the aid of spiritual things, but--more frequently than not --struggles against the divine Word, treating with contempt all that emanates from God.
I think putting thieves to death is not lawful; and it is plain and obvious that it is absurd and of ill consequence to the commonwealth that a thief and a murderer should be equally punished.
Nothing could be further from the truth.
There is no creature among all the Beasts of the world which hath so great and ample demonstration of the power and wisdom of almighty God as the elephant.
Some learned writers have compared a Scorpion to an Epigram, because as the sting of the Scorpion lyeth in the tayl, so the force and virtue of an epigram is in the conclusion.
A camel is a gentle and pleasant tame beast whereof there are plenty in Africa especially in the Deserts of Libya, Numidia and Barbary by which Africans estimate their own wealth.
A language is a dialect with an army and navy.
Both pronunciations are correct.
I would like to see you before leaving for Europe.
Kobe is the city I like most.
You should set a good example for your children.
Do you want a seat by the window?
Of course I'll help you.
That uncle of his often visited America.
Death is certain, only the time is not certain.
I don't think he'll be able to do that work.
I don't think he'll know how to do that work.
Some learned writers have compared a Scorpion to an Epigram, because as the sting of the Scorpion lies in the tail, so the force and virtue of an epigram is in the conclusion.
It's not true that equality is a law of nature; nature makes nothing equal - her sovereign laws are subordination and dependence.
I'm not privy to their decisions.
I would recommend to everyone that can speak German that they read "Liebesgeschichte" by Hans Peter Richter.
Even paranoids have enemies.
If you recognize this person, call 110!
Many leading British politicians studied philosophy, politics and economics at Oxford.
Who swings too high, achieves nothing.
I need a stamp.
How do I contribute audio in Tatoeba?
Please follow the right hand path.
I'm not tired right now.
You need have a good microphone because we care about sound quality.
Download Shtooka Recorder and get familiar with it. You will be using it to record the sentences. It's a very useful program.
He spoke kindly with me.
There is lots of sugar in the black box.
The youth was quiet.
God gave a job, God gives a reason.
I neither heard nor saw anything.
The boy, you see, is my son.
Those types of birds I completely hate.
Let me work in peace.
A dog barks; a man walks.
Which is our car?
I did another test.
The universe is full of secrets.
There's no rush to get married.
Don't rush into marriage.
Although marriage is a great thing, don't worry; what should be yours will be yours.
Don't be afraid to invest time and energy.
Each of you must work hard for a lifetime, and only then will you be able to maintain a relationship.
You can't "get" a great relationship; you can only find someone you love from the heart, and work together with them to achieve a great relationship.
We will go, but without you.
"Tatoeba" in Japanese means "for example".
If you don't resolve to become a good man, then you just won't get a good woman.
There isn't a bad man in the world who has been able to get a good woman; similarly, there isn't a bad woman in the world who has been able to get a good man.
This opportunity for success in forming a partnership is a big one; the key lies in whether you are willing to work hard and invest in it, and that is all.
In fact, love is the only genuinely precious thing in life; it's also the only thing worthy of pursuit.
As long as you have someone you love from the heart, you have a motivating force and you can face the entire world.
Why do women want to sleep in a man's embrace?
It is false that equality is a law of nature. Nature makes nothing equal, her sovereign law is subordination and dependence.
Consider what effects, that might conceivably have practical bearings, we conceive the object of our conception to have. Then, our conception of these effects is the whole of our conception of the object.
Taro, are you able to help me?
Rumour has it that he's the richest dude in this town.
This tape isn't sticky.
That table is made of wood.
A trebuchet is a siege weapon similar to a catapult.
It's my pleasure.
Turn off the lamp. I won't be able to sleep.
He got his sleeve caught.
Didn't you know he was dead at two years old?
Our country will prevail, because ours is a big and brave army.
Our country will win, for our army is big and brave.
I would very much like the place where I live to be less polluted.
Tom is two years my senior.
Are you warm enough in such thin clothes?
Give me a precise answer.
Give me an exact answer.
On what day are you off, usually?
Enjoy your flight.
These headphones aren't working.
How long is the flight?
Could you place your bags on the scale, please?
I'd like to sit with my family.
A spectre is haunting Europe - the spectre of communism.
What is the local time in New York?
Could I have some water please?
I'm sorry, that flight is full.
Here is your boarding pass.
Do I have to change planes in London?
Excuse me. I believe that is my seat.
What is your final destination?
What time does it start boarding?
Let me check the system here.
If there are any cancellations, just call.
I have a pair of mittens.
"Bracelet" is the same in French.
It's a quaint old village.
Give me some news!
You shouldn't take those things for granted.
His memory baffles me.
The skiing season has passed.
I tend to make mistakes.
I will write a letter to Judy.
The bicycle is mine.
I still haven't found anything.
Don't live like you want to, live how you can.
We should always give our best.
Where does your grandfather live?
It wasn't me who slammed the door.
You must take the bull by the horns.
Search the town that's on the map.
I kiss with my eyes open.
I feel very good.
This world is just an insane asylum.
The giant panda is recognised as a national treasure of China, but in some conservation areas it is still killed by poachers.
In England, parks taking rare breeds of animals as their theme are becoming increasingly popular with people.
During the holidays, some university students go to Africa as volunteers and help to perfect local wildlife conservation.
If we don't make the utmost effort to protect the rainforests, many of the rare species in them will become extinct.
The Chinese government has spent a lot of money on research into successful panda breeding in order to increase their birth rate.
Murdering elephants, tigers and other endangered species is not just cruel; it's also illegal.
More and more environmentalists advocate and use environmentally friendly unleaded petrol in cars.
My pillow is so soft!
As a result of some factories using fossil fuels, chemical emissions have already caused serious environmental problems.
It is very easy to ask questions the answers to which, we have the strongest reasons to believe, will never be known to any Human being.
We must make the utmost effort to reduce the use of plastic packaging, and also to recycle all waste plastic.
The policeman told me to repark my car, and I did.
Some people only buy organic food; they think that in this way their body will not be damaged by pollutants.
Don't you want to put in another disc? We've been listening to this one for two hours.
When she was a student, she went to the disco once only.
When he was a student, he went to the disco only once.
He had gray hair.
I would like it very much if the place where I live were less polluted.
He didn't know what to say.
Nobody watches her.
You can't carry people on your bike, didn't you know?
We really didn't know; we won't do it next time.
Leave the bike here, and tomorrow bring your ID and dollars to the Bureau of Communications to get the bike back.
Hopefully you'll comply with traffic regulations after this.
How can there be a traffic jam now, as late as o'clock?
There's probably been a traffic accident.
They're probably waiting for the traffic police.
You're bleeding everywhere; I'll help you up.
I'm really sorry, it's all my fault - I didn't notice you.
You're not entirely to blame; just then I was listening to music all along, and wasn't paying attention.
He drives a ute.
The president said he would not run for the second term.
You know that in the city of Paris, bastards are registered for every births.
If you want a golden rule that will fit everybody, this is it: Have nothing in your houses that you do not know to be useful, or believe to be beautiful.
Simplicity of life, even the barest, is not a misery, but the very foundation of refinement.
Rejoice, lest pleasureless ye die.
Enlightenment is man's emergence from his self-incurred immaturity.
Can you forgive me?
Thieves respect property. They merely wish the property to become their property that they may more perfectly respect it.
I don't drink beer, only spirits.
Let's go for a beer.
Her teaching experience gives her an advantage when working with children.
The home team always have an advantage over their opponents.
It would be to your advantage to prepare questions in advance.
Some people try to gain advantage by exploiting their personal contacts.
Having children when you're older has both advantages and disadvantages.
The postman was in good spirits this morning.
He was whistling a tune.
Flexibility is one of the many advantages of working from home.
A nurse brought me some bread and coffee, but the bread was stale and the coffee tasted of soap.
This sentence has no authors.
I could tell he was in low spirits by the look on his face.
He was in low spirits for months after his girlfriend left him.
The miracle writes about a bass.
John has a pen.
I am John.
Are you John?
These are pens.
He was a pioneer in this field.
She was a pioneer in this field.
You are completely right.
You're absolutely right.
OK, my dear, good night!
I'm sorry that I cannot come over today.
The twelve animals of the Chinese zodiac come from eleven kinds of animals originating in nature, namely the rat, ox, tiger, rabbit, horse, snake, monkey, rooster, dog and pig, as well as the legendary form of the dragon, and are used as a calendar.
was the Year of the Tiger in the Chinese lunar calendar.
On a fundamental level, the forms of the Chinese zodiac are related to animal worship.
Our ancestors used animals to name the years of people's births as their lives were closely connected to these animals.
I'm dying for a piss.
Without doubt, what people worship first is what they see most often; for example, the animals that had the closest connection to people's lives, like the horse, the cow, the sheep, the rooster, the dog and so on.
Behind every animal on the Chinese zodiac lies an array of proverbs, sayings and stories.
The culture of the Chinese zodiac is deeply rooted in people's lives, language and literature.
The horse does not just represent energy, high spirits, prosperity, development, but also stands for a national spirit of struggling on without stopping, and of striving on without giving up.
As well as this, the horse is also representative of human talent.
In China, talented people are often described as "ten thousand mile horses".
A lot of people ask why the cat does not appear among the twelve animals of the Chinese zodiac.
The reason the cat is not included in the animals of the Chinese zodiac is very simple.
In ancient China there were no cats; the cat that we are familiar with today was not imported into China from abroad until much later.
Pick a few random sentences (just or 3), record them, and send us the samples at team@tatoeba.org, with the title "Audio for Tatoeba in <language_name>".
If it is, we will send you back a list of sentences to record.
This way we can evaluate if the sound quality is good enough.
Read the list we sent you and check that all the sentences sound natural to you.
If a sentence doesn't sound natural, simply erase it from the list.
It would be appreciated if you also went to the website to post a comment on that sentence, to indicate it doesn't sound natural and should be improved.
The medium is the message.
I have to say no to you.
I'm looking for a gym suit for my sister.
It's colder in Dallas than it is here! What is this world coming to?
With any luck, there will be no school tomorrow.
Please plow the snow to the left of the maple tree so you don't block the trailer.
I have got a question.
I'm sure that tomorrow I'm not going to pass my exam.
If I had known that the exam would be so easy, I would have studied much less.
If you had told me earlier, I would have dressed up.
If I had studied Spanish last year as I am doing these months, I would speak much better now.
It's amazing how loud my classmates are in English class.
If I were happy, I would play much better.
If he were happy, he would play much better.
If she were happy, she would play much better.
If he had insulted me, I would have given him a shove.
I also think that if the Spanish hadn't discovered Latin America, others would have done it shortly after they did.
Although I was the eldest son in the family, I was the third child in the sequence, so everyone from superiors to inferiors called Yun third lady.
After a while, they suddenly started calling her third wife; at first it was a joke, but it went on to become a habit, to the extent that seniors and juniors, old and young all used third wife as her name. Was this the pivotal moment for disagreement in the family?
In 1777, I followed my father to the government offices at Haining to work for him.
Yun would enclose little notes in letters from home. My father said Since your wife is capable with brush and ink, she can write your mother's letters from home for her.
Later, it happened that there was some gossip at home, and my mother suspected that she had written something improper; after that she would not have her letters written for her.
My father saw that the letters were not in Yuns handwriting, and asked me Is your wife ill?
I immediately wrote a letter to ask her, but she did not reply.
After a while, my father got angry and said It seems your wife will not stoop to being a substitute writer!
It was not until I returned and sought it out that I knew the truth of the misunderstanding; I wanted to put things right appropriately, but Yun hurriedly stopped me, saying I would rather suffer blame from your father than lose the fondness of your mother.
In the end, we did not confess.
The ancient and the modern, the past and the future are all one.
She always speaks English.
We will take a quick break.
How should I say it?
How quickly the visions of genius become the canned goods of intellectuals.
You chatter too much.
When he was fighting with you, his heart broke in half.
More painful than any wedge.
Your words wound painfully.
He was very kind and responsive.
He felt pain and compassion.
Now I feel the same.
Last year she left Japan.
I am glad that everything has ended up this way.
I asked him why he was sad.
There we are!
What don't you like?
Is it strange for you that even Im a man?
What has he done today?
What has she done today?
What have they done today?
Even we are people.
Even though we resist this by all means  it is a fact.
Tatoeba now contains five hundred fifty-five Klingon sentences.
His success went to his head.
He has squandered every opportunity I've given him.
We should weigh the options carefully before making a decision.
I would scream very loudly if I saw a scorpion in my room.
Spiders scare me.
Italian politicians make me mad.
If school wasn't obligatory, I would stop going there.
Are you speaking English?
He deceived me.
The state of the art is the highest level of development, as of a device, technique, or scientific field, achieved at a particular time.
In the United States, an honor society is a rank organization that recognizes excellence among peers.
He came without notice.
She came without notice.
The life lesson: giving people the benefit of the doubt can further your career and personal relationships!
You have some money, don't you?
That's the badger!
Do not do unto others what you do not want others do unto you.
Let's wait, while drinking some tea.
Thank you, from the bottom of my heart!
Heartfelt thanks!
My life would have been completely empty without you.
Just then the door opened a little way, and a creature with a long beak put its head out for a moment and said: "No admittance till the week after next!" and shut the door again with a bang.
Good films broaden our horizons.
We're out of beer.
He used to work as a stuntman.
The weather is nice tonight.
The scent of lilacs is pervading the garden.
I've forgotten his name.
I don't know either of the two sisters.
Her answer is anything but perfect.
I am a woman.
The committee would like me to have someone to whom I can direct questions or go to for guidance about the city and its resources; I believe, therefore, that you would be a very good match.
It's the law.
It is the law.
The policeman must say, "It's the law."
The policeman must say, "It is the law."
This sentence isn't wrong.
This sentence has various meanings.
This sentence will be translated.
You take everything too literally.
The girl said she was going shopping with her mother, ignoring what she was told.
Two families live in the house.
There is but One who is absolutely by and through himself,  namely, God; and God is not the mere dead conception to which we have thus given utterance, but he is in himself pure Life.
The higher classes constitute the mind of the single large whole of humanity; the lower classes constitute its limbs; the former are the thinking and designing part, the latter the executive part.
I'd prefer to die rather than give up.
The fool is happy.
I don't know any blind men.
You're only exacerbating the situation.
That's great! I'll look at it later.
I need more blankets.
I love ice cream.
I love snow.
My father has a habit of reading the newspaper before breakfast.
The winter's sun gives only little warmth.
He has no bicycle.
I'm not a pupil.
Want to come up and see my etchings?
Even the walking-dead eventually return to the grave.
If you're going to doubt everything, at least doubt your doubt.
You can't wait for inspiration. You have to go after it with a club.
In a mad world only the mad are sane.
The thin line between sanity and madness has gotten finer.
Many in England want to see the public subsidy of the monarchy done away with.
Absolutely nothing is permanent in life.
She behaved quite abominably.
By morning the clouds had lifted and the whole length of the Himalayas lay before us in all its splendor.
The pentagram is an important symbol in witchcraft.
Wearing glasses makes you look more intellectual.
The townsfolk were convinced that the string of murders was tied to a satanic cult.
I have never liked her and I never will.
A week before she died she changed her will and left her entire fortune to her dog Pookie.
You could see the oblong shape of the rat as it passed down the snake's gullet.
How can you accuse me of such a thing? I would never lay a hand on my child.
There have been many genocides in history, but the most famous (or infamous) is that perpetrated by the Nazis.
You're really starting to try my patience Jimmy!
She took me under her wing and taught me everything she knows.
I have a score to settle with him.
She took me into her confidence.
"Did you find any dirt on him?" "No, he's clean as a whistle."
My parents tried to talk him out of marrying her, but he wouldn't listen.
Kansas is smack dab in the middle of the US.
Prisons are euphemistically called rehabilitation centers.
No great artist ever sees things as they really are. If he did, he would cease to be an artist.
If we leave now, we could be back in Tucson before nightfall.
I'd rather stay home if it's all the same to you.
I have some inside information about the company's plans to go public.
Take a whiff.
I'm not sure what's wrong. We should have heard from him by now.
If you wish, you can go.
He is not the sharpest knife in the drawer.
He is not the sharpest tool in the shed.
He is not the brightest light in the harbour.
Any jackass can kick down a barn, but it takes a carpenter to build one.
Helgi and Hayrnnisa were married.
The reason our hair is brown is that it enabled our monkey ancestors to hide amongst the coconuts.
Our son was killed in the war.
The reason I prefer to go to Japan is that the people in Japan are hardworking and have honest personalities.
Hail the Soviet Union!
They were travelling to Windsor.
Sicily is hot in summer.
Peter's cottage is very big.
Tom is always late.
My uncle's car is faster than mine.
John runs the family business very efficiently.
Mary is a very beautiful girl.
Meg always acts generously.
Barrichello drives very fast.
Thomas is very clever at work.
I think Griffith conducts the orchestra brilliantly.
I never do any exercise.
My sister jogs every day.
Paul talks a lot.
Bill is quite reserved.
George is as tall as his father.
Who's the next candidate?
Gill usually acts most efficiently.
Lucy's essay was most concise.
The nearest post office is in Cavendon Road.
Mary's the laziest of her schoolmates.
Can I make a telephone call, please?
Can I come too?
Will you buy me some bread, please?
Could you give me my bank balance, please?
Would you mind buying me some bread, please?
Can you iron this T-shirt for me, please?
Let's eat out tonight!
What shall I cook for the guests tomorrow?
Shall we wait for you here?
David is at home.
That's him at the window.
The lights aren't on.
David can't be at home.
He must be out.
I saw Liz this morning.
She can't be away on holiday.
You really should get this agreement down in writing.
Bill took his little brother to the zoo.
It's not exactly a hot spot, it's more of a dive bar.
We didn't know which bus we would take.
The room was hot.
I'm following the plans made by Congress.
Do you have a Japanese magazine?
Great! The coffee is hot.
Gold weighs more than iron.
Who's that?
My father is in the garden.
In order to give him a surprise on his birthday, I prepared a fantastic cake.
Whatever are you doing here?
"What are you doing here?" he asked me in surprise.
Insurance makes us remember that the world we live in isn't completely safe; we might fall ill, face danger or encounter the unexpected.
Nobody can prevent this plan from being carried out.
These measures can prevent the disease from spreading.
Professional writers do not have a regular income.
She's not among the regular employees of this company.
It is not enough to study the language of a foreign country.
What one has to learn is more than the language.
If you pay attention to your foreign friends, you may be surprised that their customs and habits are different from yours.
In India, people pass food at the dinner table with the right hand.
Otherwise, it is considered impolite to pass food with the left hand, because the left hand is used for bathing.
They express disagreement by shaking their heads, which may indicate agreement in other countries.
John and I took turns driving.
For example in Bulgaria, shaking one's head means yes while nodding one's head means no.
Can money buy happiness?
You don't need millions to be happy.
At The Happiness Institute in Australia, a couple of hundred dollars may do the trick.
Experts say only about percent of happiness comes from income, assets and other financial factors.
As much as percent of happiness comes from elements such as attitude, life control and relationships.
While most of us are significantly better off financially than our parents and grandparents, happiness levels haven't changed to reflect that.
He gets up at seven.
She gets up at seven.
Studies show that once the basic needs of shelter and food are met, additional wealth adds very little to happiness.
I had forgotten how beautiful you are.
Mother bought me a beautiful dress last Sunday.
Almost all the world condemns Hosni Mubarak because he made the Egyptian people poor.
Hosni Mobarak has only one friend. It's Israel.
Please do not add your tweets from Twitter as a sentence to Tatoeba!
I prefer going outside to spending time on Facebook.
My mother bought me a pretty dress this past Sunday.
He lost his rag.
The axe does not go to a humble neck.
Has your neck thickened during the previous year?
Those shadows appeared in a way like giant dinosaurs, with a long neck and a very big jaw without teeth.
Garlic and onion are good remedies against the common cold.
He could not by any means tolerate the ghastly smell of rotting onion.
It was in the year two thousand.
He was listening to music in his room.
The most popular sports in that country are soccer, speedway and ski jumping.
I'm doing some history research and would like to ask you a few questions.
The questions will not take long, and everything would be kept completely anonymous.
Anyhow, he may now be in Paris.
I missed the train by only a few minutes.
Cinderella had two wicked stepsisters.
Cinderella had two evil stepsisters.
The warranty doesn't cover normal wear and tear.
She had an unassuming air that put everyone at ease.
If it's not from Scotland and it hasn't been aged at least twelve years, then it isn't whisky.
The earth is smaller than the sun.
A leading specialist was brought in to authenticate the painting.
When my wife crosses her arms and taps her foot I know she's angry.
His accomplishments speak for themselves.
The cops are looking for the gang's hideout.
My grandfather often doesn't remember what happened yesterday but can describe in detail what happened forty years ago.
I can trace my ancestors back years.
The U.S. would be nothing without its immigrants, legal and illegal.
Whatever happened to acid rain? You don't hear about it in the news anymore.
I wonder if a human will ever be cloned.
Every once in a while I read about a priceless antique that someone found in their attic.
I don't care what color ink, just bring me a pen.
A friend of mine is distantly related to Emily Dickinson.
All sales are final.
That extension cord looks dangerous to me. You see where it's frayed there?
The cat's ear swiveled in the direction of the noise.
Justice will be served, whether here or in the hereafter.
The documentary was narrated by Morgan Freeman.
After only a year her breast implants started to leak and she had to have them removed.
Malpractice insurance is a contributing factor to the high cost of medical care.
The calendar featured photos of bikini-clad vixens draped over sports cars.
Many cancer patients lose their hair because of the chemotherapy.
We were mesmerized by the pulsating glow of the embers.
If you don't want to hurt her feelings you're going to have to bend the truth a little.
Today, I'm going to talk about the importance of sport in modern society.
Another reason I want to consider is health.
Go and close the window, please.
Come and see my garden tomorrow.
I can drive.
Before David arrived, Samantha started to lay the table.
I offered him a double-flame lighter that I bought in the United States.
Watching the Chinese new year parade seated on the balcony is so pleasant.
Why are you so sad?
She had a deep gaze and beautiful amber brown colored eyes.
The hooker is old.
Where is my sentence?
Last night I read a book.
I read a book last night.
Because we're worth it.
You are a patient woman.
I cannot move my tongue to tell this!
We made out like bandits.
Whose coat is this?
This is a very funny story!
I wanna find something like that.
I haven't had a coffee yet.
I haven't slept so well for months.
She hasn't been to the dentist's for years.
Pass the salt, please.
Know your roots.
Don't manhandle the women.
Edward Bernays gives me the willies.
Sit down, kid! You've got the heebie-jeebies!
Half of English is just bad Latin.
Etsy is responsible for Imogen of the Internet's entire economic viability.
Not even at gunpoint will Imogen of the Internet admit she only learned CSS to spruce up her Myspace profile in the 2000s.
Turkish distinguishes between dotted and dotless "I"s. There are capital and lowercase versions of both.
Zipang The Power Polack, a ferocious Polish berserker, flailed around wildly, charging into enemy ranks crazily without armor.
Kill your darlings.
That baby knows how to walk.
She's in a good mood today.
For safety purposes, please make sure to read the instruction manual before using this product.
I bit the inside of my lip and got a canker sore.
Yumi's boyfriend is a bit antisocial.
Because I do sit-ups every day, you can finally see my six pack.
I got to know my current girlfriend at the gym.
When men go to the gym it seems they really work their biceps.
You should stretch properly before exercising.
Won't you give me a spot?
I broke a sweat running on the treadmill.
To work your pectoral muscles try doing thirty push-ups.
Like an idiot I overtrained my muscles and hurt my triceps.
I got a leg cramp after using the leg press.
The bench used for a bench press is usually level.
People who do bodybuilding are called bodybuilders.
In Japan, due partly to the fitness boom that began from around 2000, 'dumbbell training' also appeared as a way to exercise at home.
Powerlifting is a sport in which athletes compete to lift the maximum sum weight of the three heavy weight events, squat, bench press and deadlift.
World War II ended and the Olympics were revived in in London, but the losing countries of the war, Germany and Japan, were not invited.
If it weren't for the rain, we would have had a pleasant journey.
We would've enjoyed our trip if it wasn't for the rain.
For all I know, he could be in Paris right now.
He is strong as blood.
We aim at that objective.
Ill-gotten gains never benefit anyone.
He has lived in Iceland for a long time.
I can't be bothered to do my homework.
Don't be a douchebag!
I'm addicted to Tatoeba.
I'll tell him when he comes here.
Everyone does what he wants.
Hopefully he will be healthy soon.
I read the book last night.
Even if that restaurant did very tasty food, I wouldn't like to eat there.
If there even are people more beautiful than you, there won't be many of them.
Even if I had enough money, I still wouldn't buy a Ferrari.
Mexican drug cartels are vying over lucrative drug-trafficking routes to the U.S.
Even though America is a developed country, it still has some very poor people.
Although his exam scores weren't very high, he was still successful after graduation.
Everyone does what they want.
Japanese people in general are polite.
John doesn't speak good French.
She may not remember me, but I do remember her.
He threw his toy.
I wasn't aware that the toilet and the bath are in the same room in America.
No burrs allowed.
Won't you please send this letter by Express Mail?
Shape up or ship out!
He will be prosecuted to the full extent of the law.
"Are scientists close to cloning a human being?" "Not by a long shot."
She's maxed out all her credit cards.
She's only going to tell you what she thinks you want to hear.
As I turned the handle of the crankshaft, the old tractor sputtered to life.
Tsez is a Northeast Caucasian language spoken by about 15,people in Dagestan.
It really is a nice theory. The only defect I think it has is probably common to all philosophical theories. It's wrong.
Let the good times roll.
He is muddling you up.
Could you tell me what your specific requirements are?
The rent can be a bit expensive, but something nearby would be best.
This house is nearby, it has two bedrooms and a living room, and the decoration isn't bad; it's a month.
I hear you've already contacted the broker.
This house of ours has just been redecorated, and we haven't lived here for sixth months.
The decorating isn't bad.
Is the central heating warm enough in the winter?
Then how about this: a month.
Let's deal with the formalities.
We'll contact you by phone as soon as we arrive.
Just my cents...
I'd like some advice on something.
OK, what would you like advice on?
I'd like to rent a house.
The term "hutong", originally meaning "water well", came from the Mongolian language about years ago.
Hutongs are a type of narrow street, most commonly associated with Beijing, China.
The implication was that where there was a well, there were residents.
In Beijing, hutongs are alleys formed by lines of siheyuans, the traditional courtyard residences.
I stumbled upon awesome stuff.
We played. We lost. How about starting it over?
The cat has pursued the mouse.
In Australia, one speaks English.
You must answer the question.
She's nice.
One hutong connects with another, siheyuans connect with other siheyuans to form a block, and blocks join with other blocks to form the whole city.
In the Ming Dynasty (early 15th century) the centre of Beijing was the Forbidden City.
Citizens of higher social status were permitted to live closer to the center.
Aristocrats lived to the east and west of the imperial palace.
The large siheyuans of these high-ranking officials and wealthy merchants often featured beautifully carved and painted roof beams and pillars and carefully landscaped gardens.
Farther from the palace and to its north and south were the commoners, merchants, artisans, and laborers.
Their siheyuans were far smaller in scale and simpler in design and decoration, and the hutongs were narrower.
Nearly all siheyuans had their main buildings and gates facing south for better lighting, so a majority of hutongs run from east to west.
Since the mid-20th century, the number of hutongs in Beijing has dropped dramatically as they are demolished to make way for new roads and buildings.
More recently, some hutongs have been designated as protected areas in an attempt to preserve this aspect of Chinese cultural history.
Life ain't easy.
They checked whether the room was empty.
Life is no bed of roses.
Before the plane landed, the hostesses brought drinks around.
He was angst-ridden.
After getting off the train, he looked for a telephone box.
Weren't you frightened of that dog?
Jean travels less than Alice.
He had a classic education.
You're annoying me.
I was hired.
Brad doesn't know as many people here as me.
Show more details.
Although he was weak when he was a baby, now he is very strong.
Correspondence conducted in Volapk.
The knife belongs to the gardener.
The trip is longer than I expected.
The hunter shoots stags and hares.
Mother makes soup for the child once again.
There's no life in this body.
This body has no life.
It is good that children are industrious.
I hear that you're not well.
One praises the industriousness of the teachers.
Teachers are recognized for their hard work.
People love dogs.
The good woman is making a soup.
And here I stand, with all my lore, poor fool, no wiser than before.
I'd be very grateful if you could help me.
This plant has some burned leaves.
This plant has some burnt leaves.
He snuck up on him in the middle of the night.
He sneaked up on him in the middle of the night.
Thailand is in Asia.
It's not what you say, but how you say it.
Before long, she got pregnant.
Does a worm scream silently when a fisherman impales it on a hook?
I love apple cider.
I don't eat the apple core.
Is it fifth period?
Speak slower, please.
Did you watch this movie?
He doesn't have a clear objective in life.
Let me know if you'll need anything.
I let go, so that he could walk through.
He wields English well.
Could you call me later?
Step back, Satan!
She's beautiful, smart, and - most importantly - has a good heart.
He's almost six feet in height.
Is this your pager?
He's taller than me.
My legs are smaller than yours.
We instantly became friends.
How many books a month do you read?
A little girl, with tears in her eyes, searched for her mother.
Tomorrow I won't be here.
His irresponsible attitude surprises me.
My mom gets up early every morning.
We'll see each other later!
I already know the whole multiplication table.
Early bird gets the worm.
There isn't enough bread for those who wake up late.
One who wakes up late, for him, there may not be enough bread.
When are you walking home?
If only I left home minutes earlier...
From here, one can see Mt. Fuji.
From here, one can view Mt. Fuji.
Are you saying that my life is in danger?
Wherein lies the question.
If you try and do everything, you'll never accomplish anything.
She filled this vase with water.
All the leaves on the tree have turned yellow.
No reason to laugh!
I stopped by a bookstore and bought and interesting book.
We carry the responsibility for the losses.
Jealousy has big eyes towards everything.
The glacier moves slowly.
He always borrows money from me.
He, most likely, seriously studied English.
I learned to play the guitar when I was ten.
This class consists of thirty-five students.
This flower smells so nice.
Up to my ears in debt.
Got into debt right up to my ears.
Production at this factory has increased by 20%.
The output at this factory has increased by 20%.
I am ashamed of your behavior.
When did the error occur?
What did the experimental set-up look like? What was connected to what and how?
She bought vegetables yesterday.
Did the error occur right from the start or later on? - When?
How is the error observed?
Does the error occur regularly or sporadically? Is the error reproducible?
It was nice to speak with her.
It was nice to converse with her.
If I had the money, I'd go on a trip around the world.
Please, don't be noisy.
You have very nice penmanship.
She goes to the market once a week.
Please, give me something to eat.
Whoever starts working in their youth, gets to live lavishly when they're older.
Three beers and one tequila please!
I hope I dream of you tonight.
My older sister takes a shower every morning.
That's just what I needed.
There's a tiny amount of milk left in the bottle.
We rested there for a week.
We vacationed there for a week.
Promises don't fill up your stomach.
Your stomach won't be full from promises.
The plane will land in an hour.
Interlingua is a modern tool for international communication.
I don't know what the time is.
She took her pencil and started to write.
He is bigger than all the other boys.
I'm doing well.
She's thirty-three.
Ken will be next year.
He asked my mother.
I would prefer to have a list of Italian words which aren't in the corpus.
It was the best chocolate mousse my guests and me had eaten in a long time.
The number of people with diabetes is rising globally.
Next week the electrician is coming to fix the wires.
How much did you pay for that?
Yesterday I bought a pig in a poke.
That mountain is covered in snow all year round.
The latest edition has been completely updated.
Andrew is fixing some shelves in the bedroom.
She fixed hooks to the window frame.
Smoke detectors should be fixed to the ceiling.
We have fixed our fees for the next three years.
Interest rates have been fixed at 5%.
A captain sometimes goes to Davy Jones' locker with his ship.
Figure it out yourself.
I figured it out alone.
Windscreen wipers haven't any utility against ice.
Someone broke the windscreen of my new car.
The windscreen is the large glass window at the front of a vehicle.
It is said that time heals all the wounds.
Why is snow white?
He raised the glass to his lips and drained it at one gulp.
Her husband really drinks like a fish.
Time flies when you're having fun.
I saw that film long ago.
He's not my type.
I got your name from my friend.
The telephone was silent.
Few elephants would volunteer to move to Europe.
The man didn't feel like walking all the way; so he took the bus.
She dreamt about wild jaguars.
I hunt elk in my leisure-time.
Writing two separate words when it should be written as one is a big problem in Norway.
I refused to be paid.
I met a wolf in a dream.
When I was young I got lots of things for free.
We've got a lot more than just biceps in our arms, Per.
I study.
This sentence has to be deleted.
The father is good.
Write at least words.
Write about the following topic.
You should spend minutes on this task.
Give reasons for your answer and include any relevant examples from your own knowledge or experience.
Describe a tourist attraction you would like to visit.
How should people prepare before visiting another country?
It was a long and hard journey but we're finally at our destination.
The group arrived at the destination after a three day hike.
The postcard was finally delivered after years.
Of course you have to pay! What did you think?
Why do bees die after stinging?
We're neighbours.
I was at the cinema.
I don't have wide hips.
I never read the book.
Eating the keyboard doesn't help.
I misunderstand more than half the questions.
He's just an amateur.
I've not seen him in a long time.
Give me my glasses.
He promised me he would come early.
They can make the same product much more cheaply.
I love going to the cinema.
She's just pretending to sleep; that's why she's not snoring.
I don't feel so good.
The play is in three acts.
I wouldn't go there if I were you.
Hey Susan, how are things?
Both sisters are blondes.
China is twenty times bigger than Japan.
"Yuan is far too expensive for that little room", he thought.
When she noticed that the man followed after her, she began to become frightened.
He snored loudly while he slept.
A big car flew off the road today.
You were unlucky; I came back five minutes after you'd left.
In France, where the site was founded, Tatoeba has become a cultural and social phenomenon.
It's warm today.
She waited unsuccessfully for any signs of life in her friend.
I can't do it anymore.
We left nothing to chance.
I'll leave the book for you with my neighbour.
Those who don't know a foreign language know nothing about their own.
My neighbour has renovated his house completely.
The prison guards will strike from midnight in three days.
Fill out the form below.
Do you know who the best player in the league is?
She's giving each child two apples.
Is there no other way?
I might see some friends in town.
I can't speak Kannada.
I'm sorry, I couldn't write earlier because I was ill.
Thanks for the letter and the wonderful photos of your hometown.
It was interesting to hear about school life in Britain.
We elected him president.
They named her Jane.
I have an urge to buy something.
My mum is older than my dad.
I know that I do not know.
Let the sugar caramelise.
Wash the quince thoroughly.
This dictionary isn't mine.
Three ice-creams, please.
I just bought some cardboard.
Add the honey, lemon juice, chopped almonds and the chopped apples.
Whip the egg-whites until they are stiff.
Peel and finely chop the horseradish.
Haven't seen you for a while, and you've grown taller!
Break the chocolate into small pieces.
I've rented a room in Paris for a month.
Will you be at home tonight?
How big you are!
I slept in front of the TV.
They are both colleagues of mine.
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.
I'll wait here until he comes back.
The boy threw stones at the dog.
Which films are showing now?
I don't know, but I've got time before it.
What do you think of this red hat?
Thank you for your gift.
I was on the train for twelve hours.
Who would look after my children if I died?
She has no enemies.
I'm fed up with homework.
We'll meet at the station at nine o'clock.
Thus knowing that "to give is to receive" is the most precious thing in government.
She has a house by the sea.
Look sharp!
He stood me up; I waited all evening for him!
She's minging.
I took his not coming to indicate that he wasn't interested.
Many people consider a high salary to be a condition for success.
I consider relationships to be the most important thing in life.
He takes pride in his work.
His work is a source of pride for him.
When I didn't have any money, I only had a rug for a bed.
Skilled soldiers know how to use their environment as a weapon.
Some people consider Led Zeppelin to be the greatest band there has ever been.
Many Chinese people consider red to be the best colour.
I consider fruit to be the healthiest food.
Most airplane accidents allegedly occur at landing or takeoff stages.
As is being said, most airplane accidents occur at landing or takeoff stages.
This is my idea.
Many people hang flags on the National Holiday.
Please give me salt and pepper.
What's the reason?
Thomas Edison invented the electric lightbulb.
Everyone must die.
Was there such a thing?
What would you like me to do?
His unhappiness when he heard her voice changed into happiness.
I usually agree with her.
The garden is behind the house.
I like the sun a lot.
I don't eat the core of an apple.
I don't eat apple cores.
The word "sam" is short for "computer" in Lojban.
He can't see the forest for the trees.
In Esperanto there are only grammar rules.
You don't have to understand the world, you just have to find your way around.
In England the waiter asked us, "How much beer would you like, a half pint or a pint?" Having no idea how much that would be, we asked him to show us the glasses.
This beer mug holds a pint. But how much is that?
I think that recording is important.
He emigrated to Australia.
When did you immigrate to our country?
I broke both my legs riding a bicycle.
Pasta is called pasta because it's the Italian word for "dough" from which it is made.
Whenever I translate something from English into Spanish, I prefer to use the familiar "t" instead of the formal "usted".
One should also study history from the viewpoint of the vanquished.
If I were to make a potato tortilla, I would buy two dozen eggs.
If I had to study, I would stay at home every day.
The TickDisplay function has to be called every frame in order to play the animation.
I will start tonight.
We are all happy.
My head still feels woozy.
Can you give me another sentence to translate?
It looks like we've gotten ourselves lost.
The accident caused traffic chaos.
He had learnt English before he went to England.
All she does is point fingers at the neighbours.
"Alma-Ata" means "apple's father" in many Turkic languages.
Let's sit on the bench.
Millions of people understand Interlingua within a single glance.
Tennis is very popular amongst students.
How's your wife doing?
I've invited all my friends.
The train hasn't come yet.
China is much bigger than Japan.
My brother uses that bike.
There aren't any fish living in this river anymore.
It's really windy today.
That doesn't worry me at all.
It is still unclear what caused the accident.
We have two cats in the house: one white, and one black.
He's still waiting on her.
Does somebody feel unwell?
The woman is beautiful.
Tom isn't a lazy child.
All people are born free and have the same rights and dignity. They are imbued with reason and conscience and should interact with each other in a spirit of brotherhood.
Insects have a hard skin.
It would be a waste of energy to tell a hair-raising story to a bald man.
The path of least resistance is paved only at the beginning.
One of the Lojban features are a lot of words that express feelings and the attitude.
In the development of Lojban, efforts were consistently made since the initial phase to keep the language culturally neutral.
This is a weird sentence.
What'll you do tomorrow?
I'd rather ride my bike than walk.
You should be a little more sensible at your age!
The roof is well-insulated.
My gums bleed whenever I floss my teeth.
Hitler called for lebensraum in Eastern Europe.
The Chunnel was closed due to severe weather conditions.
Contrary to popular opinion, hair and fingernails do not continue to grow after death.
The future will come soon enough.
A bystander videotaped the police beating using their cell phone.
He firmly believes that he was abducted by a UFO and experimented on by aliens.
How many liters of water does this swimming pool hold?
The word "nigger" is an offensive term.
The unclaimed items were sold off at auction.
On the bright side, at least more and more girls in Afghanistan are going to school.
This box contains assorted chocolates.
I keep saying that I'm innocent, but no one will listen.
The sound of crickets chirping and frogs croaking lulls me to sleep.
All the words underlined in red should be checked for spelling.
I use flash cards to study my German vocabulary.
The car's tires were caked with dried mud.
How cool would it be if Obama grew a nice, thick afro!
He hit one straight out of the ballpark.
If you can see your breath when you exhale, you know it's cold.
Whether or not it's art is anyone's guess.
Originally, Abraham Lincoln wanted all slaves to be deported to Africa or the Caribbean.
I'm living my dream.
Her house is near the sea.
She keeps a cat. That cat is white.
Germany is a cold country.
Germania is a cold land.
I left the computer on, but I was having dinner.
I would like to study Arabic.
He didn't say in which year he was born.
Rome is the capital of the world.
Katia broke her leg falling from the ladders.
I was born in 1988.
Tokyo is the most expensive town in the world.
The biggest defeat for an atheist is ending up in paradise.
Many unfair things happened.
Now I'm going to cook, I'll be back later.
Are we sure that everything will go fine?
I bought a red diary.
On the chalkboard there's written your new timetable.
For me, listening to loud music is annoying.
It would be fantastic to have a zen garden in front of the house!
Let's wait for the rain to end!
It doesn't start until eight thirty.
We're quite drunk.
Whatever happens is okay with me.
Let me drive your new Toyota.
It disgusts me.
She took me by the hand.
Permalinks are basically links to items like posts, comments, etc.
I always feel tense.
You might not like this beer at first. It's an acquired taste.
The "complete breakfasts" in cereal commercials always include cereal, milk, toast, and orange juice, but even Americans don't usually eat that much in the morning.
When he runs out of knives, Lyle butters his toast with a spoon.
The snow-capped mountains of Tahoe see frequent tourism.
You'd have so much more success with women if you'd quit trying to be someone you're not and just let yourself be charmingly awkward.
Her pregnancy was fraught with complications.
The drumming of his fingers was thunderous to Alicia's sensitive ears.
Doubling down is a terrible idea if you already have 20.
Weight increase is the easiest method for personal development.
That person died.
This restaurant serves Adana and Urfa kebabs.
In various Turkish restaurants, shishkabob is the main food.
We reported him missing.
We reported his disappearance.
My mother bought my little brother a yellow umbrella.
Look after the cat while I'm away.
Attention! The walls have ears.
Man invented the atomic bomb, but no mouse would ever have thought to build a mousetrap!
A good idea came to mind.
He didn't show up at the party yesterday evening.
You must learn from your mistakes.
This is my favourite project.
My brother plays guitar.
His finger bleeds.
His toe bleeds.
Her finger bleeds.
Her toe bleeds.
Will you buy for me some saffron?
Her nails are red.
The team were quite nervous before the game.
I was scared stiff.
The name is to be announced.
It's best to steer clear of him.
My TV is on the fritz again.
What could be duller than a semantics class with Ben Stein?
She sometimes ditches school just for the hell of it.
Names are to be omitted.
The opposition accused the prime minister of negligence.
He is here!
This afternoon the weather is going to get worse.
Vortarulo slaps Pandark around with a large trout.
I had a relaxing talk.
I'm having a relaxing talk.
It's a riveting story.
I relax myself by talking.
He met his mistress during a country escapade.
It is often hard to adapt when confronted with an imponderable event.
Open up your ears, the boss is going to speak!
My mother often slaps passers-by.
My mother often gives pies to passers-by.
You have nice skin.
Have you seen my umbrella? I left it standing here.
The acceptability of a social gesture depends on innumerable cultural factors.
The treatment's acceptability plummeted by nearly 96% that year after researchers discovered disfiguring side effects.
He turned to his orange juice sullenly, sneering that every little additive would sign him up for experiments he wanted no part in.
Additive synthesis involves manually controlling harmonics, and uses only sine waves.
Adopting the new policy was the best thing this company ever did.
Have you been adopting sentences in order to correct them?
Adoption for gay and lesbian parents remains a hotly contested issue in the United States.
The puppy's single good eye begs me for adoption.
Adoptions have gone up 600% since the epidemic of vagina dentata began.
No overseas adoptions yet? What kind of celebrity are you, anyway? Go sit at the kid's table with Kathy Griffin and Gary Busey!
While the bureaucracy comes up with sweetly technical terms like "less advantaged," the slums brim with malcontent.
Geoffrey, a highly advantaged student at a private college, bought a motorcycle and vanished with it.
You may think you're advantaging your child by having him run a standardized test to get into preschool, but don't come crying to me when he joins me at a rave in fifteen years.
Advantaging myself over the competition is the only way I can ensure my evaporated yogurt water stand will be here tomorrow.
Millicent adopts one new baby from a foreign country every year. It's a lot of effort to have someone live with you and shit on your carpet.
A good Tatoeba contributor adopts orphaned sentences so the rest of us can focus on Christopher Columbus and his zany antics.
What sort of adventurer doesn't have a talking backpack like Dora?
The adventurer grabbed his Uzi and set out to find the man responsible for stealing million Mexican euros.
Khaki shorts with cargo pockets do not make you an adventurer.
In private, Kobayashi-san told me he liked his women "adventurous." What he calls an adventure I hope to never know.
An adventurous sort, Lester downed the whole bottle of habu sake in one show-stopping chug. Only the snake was left, securing Lester as an Okinawan national treasure.
Belinda tried strict diets, grueling exercise routines, and some sort of esoteric New Age detox, all amounting to nothing--she had curves, and that was that.
Parker Brothers ran out of thimbles and tiny cannons, amounting to a multimillion-dollar loss.
Felix constantly worries that he isn't amounting to anything, even though he's only a freshman in high school.
Have you considered the applicability of a software solution? Of course not. We're a small business that hand-makes wooden cookware.
The applicability of any given comment depends on topics already established within the conversation.
Appointing Cuddles the Bear to the position of Secretary of Defense was one of the defining mistakes of Dolly's brief career as president of the People's Democratic Republic of Tea Time.
Who is this administration appointing for district supervisor?
Many disabled people of all stripes are further disadvantaged by a culture that fails to understand, let alone meet, their needs.
Averaging over miles per hour on the highway, Jack easily set off the police radar.
By averaging the squared difference between each value and the mean and finding the square root of the result, we can find the standard deviation.
Cloning people raises serious ethical problems.
I translate sentences on Tatoeba in my spare time.
Today the teacher took "Chinese culture" as a topic.
Last time I went to a Lady Gaga concert, although she finished all her songs, many members of the audience were not satisfied.
Let's take 'English history' as a topic today.
Apples are the best fruit.
Li Bai's work is the most famous of Chinese poetry.
Do you know this lady?
Xiaoli is the tallest in our class.
That man is very tanned.
I like cheese pizza.
I prefer to bring my children to see animals parading.
She brings her children to the swimming pool on Saturdays.
Go, I don't hate you.
John isn't my brother; he's my nephew.
Can you play guitar?
I need some sugar.
Who wrote that letter?
I walk.
Mary has already left.
Not bad, but I'm a bit tired.
She has nearly no close friends.
The Romans persecuted the Christians.
I think she's years old.
I'm going to Tokyo with work next week.
He put up the notice on the suggestion board with a pin.
I called the cat "Tama".
Gold is much heavier than water.
I bought the really quick popcorn machine as a Christmas present.
The Police caught him red handed.
The police caught him red handed.
He's doesn't have a head for numbers.
He's not smart enough to work it out in his head.
Getting up at six o'clock is okay for me.
His escape attempt was successful.
He spends lots of money on clothes.
Compared to tigers, bears are nice animals.
You're a murderer.
I've got the day off today.
I never seen such a big watermelon before.
I was asked to show my passport at the border.
Can I see your driving license?
If I don't fail, then I can get my driving license this year.
My mum bought two bottles of apple juice.
She would never in the world marry Satou.
The injured were transported by ambulance.
The storm severely damaged the crops.
It would damage the corn.
Because of the flood, it was a bad rice-harvest.
This bad weather will certainly have an effect on the crops.
These fields produce good quality crops.
The rice is already harvested.
He was a good friend.
Her husband smokes like a chimney.
I wasn't following the conversation.
Everyone skis here.
Is it difficult eating with chopsticks?
He didn't say a single word in reply.
We are very pleased to have her here.
It was lucky that nobody died.
Isn't he going to Peru tomorrow?
I can't find anything wrong with his theory.
The book's weak-point is that it lacks credibility when a married writer recommends remaining unmarried.
The enemy ran after our first attack.
Hand back the tape tomorrow.
They come to collect the post at three o'clock, every afternoon.
I took a taxi to reach the train.
If I write an example sentence, can you correct it for me?
I require absolute loyalty from all my employees.
I was afraid I might be late in coming.
My dad died before I was born.
The weather report was thoroughly wrong.
I always thought that a heart attack was nature's way of telling you you're going to die.
Many people lost their homes after the earthquake.
I'll phone again later.
The translation is extremely faithful to the original.
The company laid off five people.
I want to be a guitarist.
Water is comprised of oxygen and hydrogen.
I became quite astonished by his sudden change of mood.
Everyone was bored by his long speech.
Do you know why this date is important?
Be my Valentine.
How did you hear the news?
You can't do anything other than admire his courage.
I'm the best.
His sister and I will certainly become good friends.
She's worked hard to save up money.
Excuse me, can you tell me how to get to Central Park?
When does she come home again?
People who still read children's books when they should have grown out of them are normally mentally handicapped.
When I grow up I want to be a great scientist.
When I woke up, no-one was at home, and I was abandoned all day.
You had better watch your mouth.
Are you thinking of helping them?
If wishes were horses, beggars would ride.
It's not easy writing a love letter in English.
She can't cope with stress.
I got myself a job proofreading.
All students are free to use the university library.
He left the country to study.
He said he would go to America.
Careful, the man has a gun.
They didn't even know themselves.
I'm busy right now.
Look up page in the textbook.
This rule applies to you as well.
He recommended that I go there.
I have a sore stomach.
I wasn't so much sad as I was angry.
"Damn it! I forgot my umbrella on the train." "Scatterbrain!"
Nice to meet you, Mrs Jones.
Milk doesn't last long in warm weather.
All of the buses are full.
Wasting time at the library is fun.
Who was it who wrote these two letters?
The whale is a very large mammal who lives in the sea.
Be quiet while we're eating.
Tomorrow he lands on the moon.
What's your profession?
The only proof was the remains of the semen which had stuck to the underwear.
He struck a match and lit the candles.
They lost the Scotland match in the last five minutes.
You're afraid of him.
They're afraid of him.
Although the pressure of studying at the University of Cambridge is very high, many students still have time to go out and have fun.
Although the life of Chinese people is getting better and better now, there is still room for improvement.
Although it seems very difficult to study Chinese, it's not as hard as you think.
Although studying Chinese seems difficult, it's simpler than you think.
Normally speaking, Chinese people consider rice to be an important food; the majority of Westerners consider fast food to be an important food.
Many parents take pride in their children.
Fish'n'chips is the most famous English food.
Cambridge is the most famous university in the world.
Peterhouse is the oldest of the colleges of Cambridge.
Guinness is the finest of beers.
The American government has always regarded England as America's house pet.
Most parents see their own children as the best in the world.
I know that my Chinese female friends enjoy my disciplining them.
Things didn't go as planned.
These technical terms are derived from Greek.
Rarely have I heard such a load of rubbish.
I would like to see Kylie Minogue.
Kylie Minogue is the best singer I've ever heard!
Kylie Minogue is the best singer I've ever seen!
My favorite singer is Kylie Minogue.
My favorite website is Kylie Konnect and it's better than Facebook.
We want Kylie Minogue to come to Turkey, especially Gaziantep.
He can speak Japanese.
Can you put the dishes in the cabinet?
In Germany, the Italian mafia is an underestimated problem.
Call him if the message is important.
My credit card was rejected by the cashpoint.
I was a teacher for fifteen years.
I was reading a letter when he entered.
He saw a small plaster on her left knee.
Take whatever time you need, Yoshida.
This is the house I live in.
There is a kind of idealism which says that if you just do your best, you will be able to do anything, regardless of intelligence or physical strength.
My hair is the same length as Jane's.
She has two sisters, both of whom live in Tokyo.
She wants to be a simultaneous interpreter.
I stepped carefully on the accelerator.
The company is in the red.
All I know is that she left last week.
You're frustrated about your job.
Would you like to have dinner with me tonight?
Last year, he was at sea for three months.
I'm getting dressed, after which I will take my breakfast.
What you want is the most important thing.
Follow your desire.
The bus driver suffered minor injuries.
Why are the longest sentences always the last ones to be translated?
He lost his parents in a plane accident.
Is that a red pen?
It isn't a hospital.
Language is the most important invention of the man.
A computer is a modern device.
This is an easy sentence.
Are we really sure that this is the real life?
My brother is a vet.
English is an idiomatic language.
Paul's sitting in front of Jack.
Sorry, where can I find a delicatessen?
They're building a new square.
Parents also arrange marriages, which is a polite way of saying that they sell or trade their children.
Could I trouble you with something?
I'd like to get you to help me ask the teacher for time off.
I'd like to borrow your notes for a bit.
I left the notes in the dormitory. I'll go back and get them now.
I was just joking with you.
I'll use it a bit this evening, and try my best to give it back to you tomorrow.
Today is the last day to pay tuition fees, and my credit card has no money on it.
Do you have cash on you now? Could you lend me some?
I don't have much money on me right now, but my card has some on it.
I'll pay you back as soon as I have money.
Then I'll work on the principle that deference is no substitute for obedience.
The first day of the first month in the Chinese lunar calendar is Spring Festival, the most important festival for the people of China.
Spring Festival is also known as Chinese New Year.
Celebrating Spring Festival is commonly referred to as 'passing the year'.
If you mention New Year in China, the image that many people will think of is a family gathered around wrapping dumplings together.
Dumplings are essential at the New Year's Eve dinner table.
Especially in northern China, wrapping and eating dumplings has become an important activity for happily spending New Year's Eve in many households.
Sex: the pleasure is momentary, the position ridiculous, and the expense damnable.
Advice is seldom welcome, and those who need it the most, like it the least.
The more one works, the more willing one is to work.
Men, as well as women, are much oftener led by their hearts than by their understandings.
This means that eating dumplings on New Year's eve is a symbol of family reunion.
The custom of eating dumplings on New Year's Eve is related to an ancient Chinese method of measuring time; in ancient China, each day was divided into twelve sections: the beginning of each day was called 'first time', which corresponds to the period from 11pm to 1am.
Arriving at the end of each year (that is, the last day of the lunar calendar) wasn't just a new day taking over from the previous one, but also a new year taking over from the previous one, and this was called 'first exchange'.
In Chinese, 'dumpling' and 'first exchange' are homophones, so they have a rich cultural association.
All of the longing and wishes for good fortune are wrapped up in the fragile skin of the dumplings.
Game over.
Double or quit?
Have you heard of the German Beer Purity Law?
That's not in my bailiwick.
I sold my house and furniture, together with my jewelry, in order to scrape together a half a million.
If a tree falls in a forest and nobody hears it, did it happen? If a man speaks his mind in a forest, and no woman hears him, is he still wrong?
I'm starving. When the hell do we eat?
What's aspirin made of?
Stop asking me for a drink! Go and get one yourself.
What would the world be like without women?
I have a sore head.
I want to know who's coming with us.
I want to know who's staying with us.
Will I see you tomorrow?
Are we meeting tomorrow?
What's the time?
He's disappeared without a trace.
Ring the police!
Return? Just a single.
Too good to be true.
Muiriel is 20, now.
I was on the mountain.
I earn Euros a day.
I'll phone them tomorrow when I come home.
I'll ring them tomorrow when I come home.
When I grow up, I want to be king.
Yeah, and?
Is this not so?
Safe journey.
He's my brother.
Thanks for the information.
Brian has bought Kate some lipstick.
I'm proud to be a part of this project.
The world is like a book, and those who don't travel read only one page.
I'm listening to music.
"When are you coming back?" "That all depends on the weather."
Mr Ou has come to Japan to study Japanese.
Which way will we go?
Even now, many years after the Cold War, there is still much bitterness between Germans and Russians, especially in areas which were occupied by the Soviet Union.
I'll accept it, but with one condition.
This sentence must be adopted.
I've visited my father's grave.
How can you have a laptop, but no mobile?
That's too expensive!
He's old enough to drive a car.
I'm peeling the celery and the potatoes.
She's an alcoholic.
I like English better than maths.
The stomach pains are gone.
She really likes cake.
Don't touch my bike.
Rabbits like carrots.
You must be at the station at five o'clock at the latest.
Which is your target?
These issues have no effect on us.
Please come when it suits you.
He had the gumption to take my car without asking.
QUIET! You can hear it.
You are blushing.
It's good to hear that you can work in Japan.
When we go to visit France we need a visa.
I feel good.
She poured out all that stuff without stopping.
All these smells remind me of the Christmases of my childhood.
Her hair grew back to it's original length.
I am a successful failure.
The policeman was drunk.
I wouldn't spend my life here.
Maleness is by far the biggest risk factor for violence.
The detective was accused of planting evidence at the scene of the crime.
I need someone to hold me and tell me everything will be alright.
It looks a lot worse than it is.
It's rumored that he has a lot of money stashed away in a Swiss bank account.
This investment is the opportunity of a lifetime.
You want a piece of me? Come on!
Two pupils are absent today.
The cause of the fire was unknown.
What is man, when you come to think upon him, but a minutely set, ingenious machine for turning, with infinite artfulness, the red wine of Shiraz into urine?
God made the world round so we would never be able to see too far down the road.
Basing his invention of public relations on his uncle Sigmund Freud's psychoanalytic theory, Edward Bernays has left a lasting legacy on the media and how they interact with their audiences.
The teacher gave him a failing grade for basing his report on discredited research.
I'm basing my story on my childhood.
He made a complete financial record on his computer, basing his calculations on countless receipts and bank records.
Basing your film on a true story means you don't have to do as much coming up with stuff.
Basing his conclusion of guilt on deductive reasoning, Sherlock Holmes ratted out his own partner, Watson.
You'll need to find cheaper, alternative ingredients even though you're basing your recipe on your grandmother's.
He's been battling hepatitis for months now, but it looks like he's just starting to recover.
Battling Bowser for real will require all stars.
Come on, son. Quit battling the forces of evil for ten minutes and come to dinner!
Ray and the teacher are battling for everyone's attention again.
Ursula and Chelsea are battling over the boy they both have a crush on. Judging from the blood and teeth everywhere, this seems to be more of a matter of power than love.
It's a biggish chair, but it'll just barely fit through the doorway.
Hundreds of years ago, married Japanese women would blacken their teeth to beautify themselves.
His roommate would blacken her toast until it set off the fire alarm.
Her name appeared in separate hits in a Google search.
Blacken the chicken by cooking it on the skillet on high heat for minutes per side.
The squid ink in arroz negro blackens the rest of the ingredients enough to make the Spanish dish a Goth staple.
Clouds blacken the sky (and everyone's mood).
U.S. researchers assembled carbon nanotubes to create the world's blackest substance, able to absorb over percent of light that hits it.
There is no objective measure of a word's badness. It all comes down to context.
Sheer badness is just one of her fine qualities.
Ximena's hair is the blackest out of all her sisters'.
Only the blackest of hearts could leave that poor kitty out on the street in the cold.
Two of the school jazz band's superstars, both white, bickered over whose chops were the "blackest."
His knee turned a ghastly blackish purple from the swelling.
Frankie blamed his own blackness for his school problems. His real issue was that so did his teachers.
I didn't say it.
I'll boil the beans for you.
Sharp's the word!
Warm beer is minging.
The ocean's supposed blueness comes entirely from the sky.
I suggest that we stay home and watch TV.
She bought that dictionary too.
Have you seen this man?
It is impossible for me to help you.
I like snow a lot.
The book is worth reading.
I am not deaf.
Cheerful people make you feel good.
I want to be an honest person.
I want to be a better person.
Did you see my father?
I'm satisfied that everything was finished that way.
Fools are happy.
You should keep secrets.
If she knew I were here, she would come running.
My headache is gone.
"Really, my lady" stammered out the haberdasher, after what appeared to us to be a most ominous pause, "I am deeply sensible of your ladyship's patronage, and the patronage of your ladyship's niece."
A nudnik who believes he's profound is even worse than just a plain nudnik.
Why didn't you help him in your turn?
My old English teacher is certainly rolling in her grave right now.
Shopping around has become a burden to him.
He has two cats.
Your five oclock shadow is hurting the environment.
Should I go to college?
He telephoned her when he arrived at the station.
Akira uses the same dictionary that her father used as a student.
They look very tired.
More than iron, more than lead, more than gold I need electricity. I need it more than I need lamb or pork or lettuce or cucumber. I need it for my dreams.
I am a follower of that school.
I will die by a cold.
Maybe I should study German.
As China develops, more and more countries want to have good relations with it.
I just lost my best friend in a traffic accident.
As global warming increases, sea levels get higher and higher.
With the arrival of winter, the leaves on the trees fall down.
With his interest in Justin Bieber, I just couldn't love him.
With the release of Skype, studying languages has become easier.
"How old are you?" "I'm years old."
As North Korea displays aggression, South Korea concentrates its forces near the border.
I work for three hours every Sunday morning.
As time goes on, China's economy gets stronger and stronger.
I'm energyless! I haven't slept for three days!
As time goes on, my life gets worse and worse.
Warm up some water.
I asked him to warm up some tea.
Do you want some tea or some coffee?
My mum likes tea very much.
He's a gentleman.
I love my mother.
My name's Jack.
The statistics show that our standard of living is high.
A square is always a rectangle, but a rectangle is not always a square.
Ken always takes his mother's side when his parents argue.
My brother has never climbed Mt. Fuji.
Would you have the same but in a different colour?
A nuclear war would mean the fall of humankind.
What do you want to talk about?
This is the man whose cars were stolen.
This is the woman whose cars were stolen.
Pandark hits Vortarulo over the head with a 2-by-4.
Sysko hangs around in secret pubs at night.
Tell a beautiful story to my young friend.
Can I speak with Bill?
I am afraid of offending you.
The new Egas contains ten percent bioethanol.
Heya! Where ya goin'?
Ah, whatever.
It works well.
Do it yourself!
How do you say that?
How did you do that?
Take it easy! Don't be so nervous.
I already bought it.
It's getting darker and darker.
Did you hear me?
Are we going out for lunch today?
Then what shall I do tomorrow?
I took the medicine.
I want to ask you a question.
I feel sick.
Can you tell me where the restrooms are?
The boy asked his mother a question.
This exam is difficult, so let's cross our fingers!
Can I open a can?
What fills the heart, will flow over from the mouth.
My lover doesn't love me.
I think Beethoven is the greatest composer who ever lived.
At that time in the courts of the feudal lords there were many scholars who engaged in discrimination, such as the followers of Xun Kuang, who wrote books that were disseminated throughout the whole world.
I'm doing the dishes.
Have you ever seen a man-eating tiger? No, but I have seen a man eating chicken.
Work as the ant.
Most students walk to school.
He was playing football with an empty can.
I can't bring myself to tell him that there's no way he'll get the position.
He had been sober for almost a year, but he gave in to temptation around New Year's Day.
There is something about him I don't like.
They left early.
He felt tired.
The plane gets in at eight o'clock.
She has not seen him for a long time.
We asked him what he was called.
I don't want to hurt you.
I don't want to buy this carpet.
I saw a red car and a white one. The red one was nicer looking than the white one.
Put yourself together.
Get a hold of yourself.
He lost consciousness under the influence of the anesthetic.
"Free" as in free speech, not as in free beer.
The result won't really be good.
Is mercury really a metal?
Hi! Where do you want to go?
Muiriel had no other choice but to accept her defeat.
This is my city now.
Don't make any noise!
This is your house.
May your soul rest in peace.
The pack of cigarettes is empty.
I've just come back from Sweden.
The landing was perfect.
I prefer to go by subway, rather than by train.
Did you understand what he meant?
We don't want to wait any longer.
The house is beautifully situated.
The driver overtook the car.
She became a police officer.
"What?" Pharamp asked. "Nothing," Sysko lied, "we were talking about the effect of Confucianism on modern Chinese socialism."
I do not like him, but I like her.
She can't afford it.
He does not paint the walls but wallpapers them.
She has shown her room to me.
His theory is difficult to understand.
My friend is seventeen years old.
My friend is seventeen.
There's a traitor among us.
Call Tom immediately.
She dressed like an actress.
Can I ask some questions?
I felt bad.
She got very angry with her children.
His house is very far from the station.
Tatoeba: Because a language is more than the sum of its words.
He returned at six.
She speaks English fluently.
If my parents punished me for something I didn't do, I would tell them the truth and try to convince them of my innocence.
We'll go when it stops raining.
The fluency of your English is amazing.
I was there on time, but I didn't see you!
I fell in love with you.
There's a great variety of creatures living in the sea.
These women are my aunts.
It takes only a short time to learn how to explain things to students. It takes much longer to learn when not to.
The boy hugged the puppy to his chest.
Did he show you the picture?
He married a girl that he chose for himself.
If you see her from a distance, she is beautiful.
That car is his.
Why do you lie?
There are no dogs bigger than this one.
How many times have you gone there?
Should I wait for you here?
Before David arrived, Samantha started to set the table.
Today, I plan to talk about the importance of sports in modern society.
The room is hot.
She is very angry with her children.
I have a few questions. Would it be OK if I asked them?
I wonder what she really means.
Sicily's summers are hot.
Father is a good person.
I'm afraid that I might make you angry.
My mother worked hard in order to raise us.
He'll return at six.
If possible, I'd like to go home now.
He had his younger sister help him paint the wall of his room.
He had his older sister help him paint the wall of his room.
I have a pair of shoes.
Now I am free.
I'm against the war.
I'm against the marriage.
I'm afraid of owls.
Silence is golden.
Would you like to become a trusted user?
I was happy that she took my side.
I'll drop by the post office on the way home.
There's no way I can do it.
I would like to have some more water.
In linguistics, the Sapir-Whorf Hypothesis states that there are certain thoughts of an individual in one language that cannot be understood by those who live in another language.
The interdependence of thought and speech makes it clear that languages are not so much a means of expressing truth that has already been established, but a means of discovering truth that was previously unknown. Their diversity is a diversity not of sounds and signs but of ways of looking at the world.
They're like two lovebirds.
What does "Tatoeba" mean?
In the hospital room, the nurse wearing white clothes and the midwife were preparing for the delivery.
I don't have time to argue with you; I'm preparing the food.
My English teacher has advised me to read these books.
I continued buying prepared dishes even after I went to middle school.
You can't make me do anything I don't want to do.
Did I fall asleep?
We wouldn't be in this mess if you'd just done what I told you.
Her beauty will fade in time.
Does "juice" in Japan imply juice in a can?
I have to take a make up test in English next week.
I wish you hadn't told that story to my mother.
Do the people of your country eat rice?
Someone pushed me inside.
Finally, we reached the top of the mountain.
These two are standing abreast.
I made this clothing myself.
I'd rather go by subway than by train.
Among the five of us, he's surely the one who can speak the most languages.
I know that you know that I know.
One of the characters in the novel dreams up a half-baked plan for robbing a bank.
How can you be sure your girlfriend isn't faking her orgasms?
This building is the architect's crowning achievement.
No matter how sneaky you are, you can never surprise yourself.
It surprises most people to find out that the prison warden is a woman.
I'm sorry but Paul called in sick and I'm going to need you to work his shift.
If you flunk this exam, you'll have to repeat the course.
While doing the wash she found a condom in the back pocket of her son's pants.
On the American flag, there's a star for every state.
Most Hollywood movies have a happy ending.
She tried to spice up the conversation with gossip about the neighbors.
The documentary is meant to raise consciousness about the plight of the poor.
The tip of the spear was dipped in a deadly poison.
This book is out of print.
Forgive me Father for I have sinned.
He got religion on his deathbed.
She sat at the bar downing shot after shot of whisky.
Teenagers are God's punishment for having sex.
Your shelf is full of books.
My basket is full of books.
Find multilingual sentence equivalents at Tatoeba.org.
This child believes that the earth is flat.
This is a random sentence from Tatoeba.
I think we'll get there in time if we don't get caught in a traffic jam.
I think we'll make it in time if we don't get stuck in a traffic jam.
Let it be.
God bless Tatoeba!
He was taken away by four police officers in the middle of the night.
Would you like to go to a movie tonight?
Would you mind putting a link on your web page to our company's web site?
The French are a really strange people: every other person who reads this sentence will check if the space before the colon is really thin and non-breaking.
Where do the buses headed out of town leave from?
This year, Edinburgh began work on its fifteen-year regeneration project to transform its waterfront and provide a new kind of living area for its growing population.
What's new about this way of urban living?
Before now, when you thought of a city, you thought of crowded streets, parking problems, traffic jams, queues, noise and fumes.
Cities are exciting places, but also stressful.
The Edinburgh Waterfront project could be about to change all that.
With the creation of a city area that's more like a town, with plenty of greenery and community buildings, living in the city will soon mean simpler, stress-free lifestyles for the 20,that are expected to live, work and play in Edinburgh's Waterfront.
How will the project work?
Over the next fifteen years, architects, planners and community developers will work together to transform acres of industrial wasteland into 6,homes, two shopping centres, a marina, a primary school and college, and parkland.
Trams will link the area to Edinburgh's city centre (which is only two miles away).
What will this mean for Edinburgh?
Edinburgh already offers a busy and traditional city experience, with many historic buildings and tourist attractions.
The Waterfront project will help to keep Edinburgh up-to-date and bring more people to Scotland's capital city.
Fifteen per cent of the housing will be affordable, so that low-income families will be able to buy or rent homes in the area.
It will also help to strengthen the city's economy.
For the UK's fastest growing city after London, this is good news.
So, will this mean healthier cities?
Edinburgh's Waterfront is just one of the many projects that are regenerating UK towns and cities.
The Waterfront's success could mean that other cities soon follow, creating areas that offer people a new kind of city living, with all the benefits and none of the stress, noise and pollution of crowded centres.
Can Edinburgh show us the way towards healthier cities?
Let's hope so.
Maybe a few of you have seen pandas in the zoo.
The panda is China's national treasure.
The panda is indigenous to Sichuan Province and does not live in the wild in any other places.
It is said that Dutch are tolerant.
People in Taiwan work hard.
Someone called.
This room is cleaned by Tom.
Bob stayed at his uncle's house.
How much have you paid for this computer?
Whatever you do, do it wisely, and don't forget about the end.
Jessica took all the blame on herself.
I went there on the bus and the train.
I am interested in the cello and the piano.
My big brother finished his homework very quickly.
Have you got a mobile phone?
Have you met her?
Have you met him?
Did you meet him?
He was very scared when he saw this big snake.
Our captors gave us clothes, food, books - the whole nine yards.
Please replace the empty printer cartridge.
The morning sunshine is so bright that I can't look at it.
This dog is yours.
To tell the truth, this matter does not concern her at all.
To tell the truth, this matter does not concern it at all.
Let me leave!
I never thought that he could be ill.
He plays the piano better than me.
His novel has been translated into Japanese.
Her novel has been translated into Japanese.
Have you already met her?
Have you already met him?
I wonder why we play tennis in miniskirts.
He understood what her words meant straight away.
He understood what his words meant straight away.
I like dogs and my sister likes cats.
It is estimated that only a few hundred pandas remain, with a small number of them being raised in zoos in China and abroad.
He bought the whole nine yards.
Because of their rarity, pandas have become a world treasure.
When the World Wildlife Fund was founded in 1961, it took the panda as its symbol.
Pandas are very clever.
The Fuzhou Zoo in China's Fujian Province has done more than its counterparts in training pandas.
There, pandas have been trained to perform dozens of items.
Qing Qing, a seven-year-old panda, can even recognise its name.
It is a Chinese tradition to welcome spring with flowers.
China is a huge country.
The temperature in different places can vary greatly at the same time of year.
North China is cold in spring, so flowers don't bloom outdoors.
People there decorate their homes with potted flowers to add to the festival atmosphere.
Country girls like to cut red paper into peach and plum blossoms and paste them onto doors and windows.
In the south of China, the situation is different.
With a warm and wet climate, Guangzhou has fresh flowers all year round.
We will get to Tokyo before it gets dark.
From then on, flower fairs were held in Guangzhou during the Spring Festival every year.
There is an old saying there: No flower fairs, no Spring Festival.
Fritz admits he often plays truant.
He was very scared when he saw that large snake.
He is very kind, just like you.
I want to visit a medieval village.
A river is a stream of water.
My name is Sally.
Take off your jacket because it's very hot.
Dad will return in a few days.
Susan is two years older than me.
Susan is two years older than I am.
Hi. How are you doing?
Use interrogative pronouns to rewrite the sentences below; if you need to, you can add or remove a few words.
Because of these trees, he can't see the forest.
That is a strange sentence.
Please add more coffee.
Watch out! There are five hungry Soviet cows in the garden!
Twelve boxers chase Victor across the big Sylter dike.
The sisters lived in harmony with each other.
Only the assumption that the reader - I better say: the prospective reader, because for the moment there is not the slightest prospect, that my writing could see the lights of publicity, - unless it miraculously left our endangered fortress Europe and brought a hint of the secrets of our loneliness to those outside; - I beg to be allowed to begin anew: only because I anticipate the wish to be told casually about the who and what of the writer, I send some few notes on my own individuum out before these openings, - of course not without the awareness that exactly by doing so I might provoke doubts in the reader, that he is in the right hands, which is to say: if I, from all my being, am the right man for a task to which maybe the heart pulls me more than any qualifying relation in character.
I am living in Volgograd.
What do you think about this situation?
This man is awful.
This girl is awful.
Why are you so awful?
I hope you understand.
And at the very core, he found trust.
I lived in Rome.
I'm angry with my boyfriend for forgetting about Valentine's Day.
I'm angry with you about this.
Why are you angry with me?
I lost my temper with him because of his arrogance.
She studies / 7.
I miss you all the time.
I miss you constantly.
I'm constantly studying.
I have exams from dawn till dusk.
He eats non-stop.
He eats around the clock.
As figures from the National Development and Reform Committee show, the Internet has developed rapidly in rural China.
By the end of June 2006, the number of netizens in rural China had reached three million, seven hundred and forty one thousand, making up 5.1% of the total rural population.
In the same period, the number of urban netizens in China reached one hundred and twenty five million, making up 21.6% of the total urban population.
By the end of 2006, the number of rural netizens in China was twenty three million one hundred thousand, showing that in six months a total of fourteen million, three hundred thousand rural Chinese got online.
The report from the National Development and Reform Committee says that the advance in rural high-speed telecommunication infrastructure is the main reason for the increase in Internet users.
In its "Eleven Five Plan" (to 2010), the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology pledged to implement phone connections in every village and Internet connections in every town.
Young people and migrant workers are the bulk of rural Internet users; in terms of online music, online games, online film and television, and the Internet's capacity for entertainment, rural Internet users are equivalent to urban ones.
However, compared to that in cities, rural use of online news, search engines, online shopping, online banking, online stocks and so on is much lower.
The typical Japanese person doesn't speak English.
In some rural areas, the Internet is important for agricultural information, as well as being particularly useful for the purposes of agricultural production technologies and pricing.
Liu Manqiang, deputy director of the Chinese Research Centre and College for Social Sciences and Information Technology, says "Information and communication technology has the potential for a huge increase in value; an important goal for the development of China's information technology is allowing more rural citizens to benefit from the information technology industry."
The boy eats bread.
The man ate bread.
The woman drinks water now.
The girl buys milk at the market.
People don't buy milk at this market.
My mother didn't see the boy on the street.
Yesterday I listened to a very beautiful song.
My father is going to prepare some delicious food for me tomorrow.
His sister can't talk to you today.
Her family likes very much to watch TV every day.
Do you wanna go out with me tonight?
Your haircut was fine.
When poverty knocks at your frontdoor, loves escapes through the backdoor.
Death is the fate of all people.
They made John the captain of the team.
They chose John to be the captain of the team.
They chose John as the captain of the team.
Hedgehog of curses, generate a part of the game of disgraces to the Finns.
The roofer roofed the thick roof.
I want to visit my friend next week.
This is why we can't have nice things.
Our girlfriend traveled to a small town last week.
The student made acquaintance with that woman last year.
The teacher is going to start learning English this year.
I wonder where you came up with the idea that I'm familiar with robotics and such.
What else could one do but remove it?
For all flesh is as grass, and all the glory of man as the flower of grass.
He is as stubborn as a Missouri Mule.
It's going to be violent weather!
God knows.
There's not a chance.
Can I buy a ticket for the concert here?
Even if you fail this time, you'll have another chance.
This book is really old.
What would German be without commas?
Why are some translations in grey?
How do I delete a sentence?
I'd like to add a new language in Tatoeba, what do I have to do?
How do I change the language of a sentence?
How can I add tags to a sentence?
How can I link or unlink sentences?
How can I become a trusted user?
Can I help translate the website into other languages?
I don't think it is an irregular sentence.
I love nature.
He doesn't know who I am.
Reading the letter that he sends me every month is quite funny.
Before the conquest by the Arabians, the majority of the Persians were Zoroastrians, but there were also Jews and Christians. So, who could imagine today that Iranians have Jewish or Christian ancestors?
Nowadays there are no ninjas or samurais in Japan.
Could someone translate the comment above to a language which I can understand?
I cannot see it.
He is very fast.
He speaks very fast.
I don't speak fast.
This tree is older than that car.
I have less money than you.
This pencil is better than that one.
North of this place there is a road.
This tree is bigger than all the others.
This is the least interesting.
He and I are from a faraway country.
Go away from here!
Put it onto the table.
The mouse ran into the hole.
He is much better than you.
My house is north of the library.
I can't tell the difference between them.
I know him, but I don't know his name.
Its not heavy, but light.
He's shivering because of the cold.
The picture is hanging on the wall.
He hung it on the wall.
You must do it.
I want to eat it.
He speaks English very loudly.
He is sitting on the chair.
He is a very good teacher.
You went there.
We were here yesterday.
Nobody knows the truth.
They will go there with me.
Will you all be here tomorrow?
The man was saying it when I came in.
Every morning that woman used to go to the beach and run three miles.
The boy actually was going to do it.
By tomorrow morning this girl will have done it.
My father cannot lift it up.
Your brother will not buy it.
His mother didn't want to do it.
I ate the apple.
The child is writing a book.
The apple was eaten by me.
The book is being written by my husband.
It will be said by your daughter.
If I could understand it, I would tell you so.
If he were here, he would visit us.
Walking along the fence he noticed a mouse.
Thinking about that, I left.
Having said that, he left with his wife.
Let's speak Vabungula and Yuelami!
Let your uncle think about it.
May it not happen!
Do you know anything about his family?
He is the person whom I saw yesterday.
I really know what he said.
Don't forget where you put it.
Tell me how long that boy has been sitting there.
Many websites prohibit misleading usernames that imply an official role on the website such as "admin," "administrator," "webmaster," "system operator," "sysop," or "moderator."
I don't have enough money yet.
We haven't seen it yet.
You have already seen his father.
They don't see me anymore.
My mother has never talked to your father before.
You and me have never heard that song again.
Have you ever done it?
Will he ever do it?
We will never do it again.
My friend doesn't believe that ghosts exist.
A woman friend of ours took a trip to a small town last week.
A female friend of ours took a trip to a small village last week.
Lojban is designed to be unambiguous in orthography, phonology, morphology, and grammar. Lojban semantics, however, must support the same breadth of human thought as natural languages.
Lojban has incorporated a detailed grammar for mathematical expressions. This grammar parallels the predicate grammar of the non-mathematical language.
Everyone is an artist.
The dress brings out your eyes.
We like looking at what we are good at seeing.
The users of Tatoeba are kind.
In other words, you're a fool.
Juliet talked to Romeo on the balcony, who was outside.
Cockroaches are insects.
He caught the traveler's diarrhea.
If one plants an oak, it is futile to hope to soon be able to take cover under its leaves.
I see the girl is beautiful.
Let me help you with your luggage.
"He went out to see a movie." "How was the movie?" "Good."
This man is dead.
Those earphones don't work.
I live off dollars a month.
I think I can live off the free food they give in the canteen.
I know this guy that lives off takeaways.
Blacken the circles next to the correct answers with an HB pencil.
He scared the hell out of me by popping a balloon right next to my ear.
Three children opened the door of the building.
There are twenty-five students in the assembly hall.
I've written down all the numbers up to thirty-one.
In Spanish six has no accent, but sixteen has one.
Ljubljana was founded in year fifteen of the Julian calendar.
The family likes to watch murder mysteries.
This microbus takes passengers.
I wrote a letter in English language.
I married when I was years old.
There is a rock in my shoe.
They saw an authoriy in him.
There are fifty stars in the American flag.
If you only knew what kind of a situation I am in.
He gave the impression of having much money.
I got the impression that he had a lot of money.
He impressed me with his magic tricks.
I was impressed by his magic tricks.
I couldn't tell what color his shirt was because it was too dark outside.
Could you tell what he said?
He can't tell what is written on the paper.
Can you make out the hummingbird by that bush?
I cannot see the hummingbird, because it is too far away.
The alert witness recognized the criminal.
I located the town on the map.
They are approaching.
Go there with me.
My friend has arrived.
Your friend left town.
Our friends took a walk in the park.
His friends traveled to the town with me.
How many times have you been to Europe?
I bought this suit just for this occasion.
Nobody knows where it is.
I have difficulty paying my rent.
Moving into the new office took her one month.
Why in the world did you do that?
I just don't know why.
He's very efficient.
He plays chess very well.
I hit it really hard.
I went out with my friend.
I saw a man with a red hat.
What will you do with your money?
He met his wife online.
He spoke more and more loudly.
How did you open the box?
What is this banana like?
The box is rotten.
Those bananas are delicious.
You speak Russian, don't you?
You don't speak Vabungula, do you?
Do you really speak Yuelami?
She is both rich and very beautiful.
I sent it. Pray for me.
The Romans would never have had enough time for conquering the world if they had first been required to study Latin.
If you know a lot, you can become anyone.
At last, the Government are listening to the people.
We found her alive.
England are about to win the Ashes.
Go onto the balance beam!
You can even be a president!
He only reads prose.
She only reads prose.
Hasn't Jim arrived yet?
There was an accident.
The relationships of socialisers are often reflected in the distance between them.
So why not just say "If you think you've done enough for Tatoeba to become a trusted_user, write a message to a trusted_user or moderator that speaks your languages and tell them. They will look over your work to check whether you've understood the system or not. If you have, you're in."?
However, what's interesting is that whilst there are people whose computer use has become a problem, there are also people who have recovered from illness because of using computers.
Will you give any discount if I pay in cash?
I like foreign languages!
I have a house in the mountains.
I love Basque.
Close the door please.
I will not be afraid.
I am afraid.
I'm not afraid at all.
The big dog is frightening them.
Why are you angry?
This makes her angry.
I'm afraid we're not in Kansas anymore, said Paul.
I'm afraid of the bus.
My mother speaks little English.
Hi, how are you, my dear friend?
I speak English a lot.
I like to write here.
Do you like to read Tatoeba?
English is the language that dwells in my heart.
I'm living in Scotland.
I need you to help me.
I'm sorry, but I'll have to go home now.
What's her name?
What were they doing yesterday?
Are you going to be on vacation tomorrow?
I am really sorry to hear that.
When will you be coming to Scottland?
Whom are you going to come with?
There is nobody at home who knows that.
I'm sure she is going to sing at church tomorrow.
I think that there is a man there.
I think that it was a lot of fun, indeed!
I hurt my thumb doing a handspring.
The fish was swimming in the water.
I know from experience; playing soccer barefoot is a bad idea. You could easily end up with broken toes.
I'm having a very delicious meal at home.
I know from experience; playing football barefoot is a bad idea. You could easily end up with broken toes.
It's lovely weather today.
It is not raining.
I will see them next week.
Say it.
I don't want to see this either.
I will go to the restaurant at 7:pm.
I work hard at a hotel every day.
He does nothing but read books all day long.
They have been reading an interesting book.
We were reading a book and it was a very good one.
My family is fine, thanks.
It was a good and interesting night.
Please tell me what kind of cooking this is.
Please tell me the reason that you were late.
Could you please tell me why your were late?
It is said that the man goes to his house.
I am a man that is always sick.
I am sick only now.
If you speak too fast, I will not be able to understand.
I like to eat.
Do you want to eat?
I am learning Quechua.
He is tall.
They are big.
Are they tall?
Is there water?
Is there hot water?
This man is Pedro.
That man is Raul.
Is there a restaurant around here?
Who is this man?
Through what does this road go?
What is that over there?
When does he come?
Who is Pedro?
How many onions?
I have no wife.
Yes, I am married.
Are you the boss?
Are you the mayor?
I have a house.
I have a table.
Do you have a table?
We will come together.
I've heard barley is yielding fruit in Sisku's field.
You speak very beautiful Quechua.
My cow has worms in its anus.
I have the shits.
I've heard that Mr. Huayllacahua is a carpenter.
The man was bitten by a dog.
I have some houses.
I have big houses.
Is that your house?
Yes, that's my house.
No, that's not my house.
Is it a llama?
I don't want to go with you.
It's not you whom I want to go with.
Are you from the United States?
No, I'm not from the United States.
I am from the Netherlands.
I'm coming from home.
I'm not coming from home.
I like my house.
Let's go to my house!
I'm going to your house.
I'm not going to your house.
I'm going home.
Let's go home.
When I speak Quechua, I am like a child.
Could you be so kind as to speak more slowly, please?
Do you have a brother, Ana?
Do you have a brother, Pedro?
Do you have a sister, Juan?
Do you have a sister, Lucia?
Pedro doesn't have a sister.
Juan doesn't have a brother.
Lucia doesn't have a brother.
Ana doesn't have a sister.
Lpez has four brothers.
Juanito has four sisters.
Dolores has four sisters.
Maria has four brothers.
I have brothers.
I have sisters.
I don't have a sister.
I don't have a brother.
I don't have four brothers.
I don't have four sisters.
See you next time!
Are you glad to meet me?
Yes, you love me.
It's a house that I give to you.
It's a house that you give to me.
I hear you.
You hear me.
I'm glad you are all here.
I'm glad you are here.
I'm glad to be here.
I would like to make an offering to myself.
I would like to make an offering.
So that Apus will talk to me.
Do you love your dear little dog?
Don't come.
Don't go.
Are you coming with me?
Let's not play.
Let the children play!
Let the children come!
The men are coming.
He left the window open.
Today is Ordibehesht 20.
Today is the 20th of Ordibehesht.
Just imagine that every time somebody made a grammar mistake, people only could answer "Syntax error." and leave the somebody with that.
He does not like us.
When challenged to pronounce "shibboleth", Christopher Columbus did it in such a perfect way, that he was instantly recognized as the new leader of the natives' army.
He waved at her.
And your transfer function, is it stable?
I don't know how to handle it.
Yes, that's certainly an issue.
You read the paper?
You have to take that into account.
Is this a servo or a disturbance-rejection problem?
The optimal order is not 1-2-but 3-1-2.
Christopher Columbus did not find fame. It was fame that found Christopher Columbus.
It came to a grand total of 150,euros.
It's swings and roundabouts.
Yes, as far as I know.
The Chancellor of the Exchequer has offered to resign.
It's a way of making sure that the controller is not too aggressive.
I have a nasty feeling something's gone wrong.
I have a nasty feeling that something awful is going to happen.
I have to buy a car this weekend.
I demand that you cease and desist from sending unsolicited emails.
Her father won't come, he is really busy.
That's a pretty hard question to answer.
He shouts a lot.
You can't estimate this state.
"Okay, okay," said the doctor. "I'll definitely take a look at her."
Who knows Hu Jintao's birthday?
Scream it loud!
We don't have any sledders here.
Do you have one that is a little smaller?
You are our pride.
Make the hoe your sword, and the sword your hoe.
I'm going to die tomorrow, and so I won't be free the day after.
One hundred is my favorite number.
You'd better call the doctor.
But Dima would never wear the glasses. Suddenly, his body went limp and he collapsed to the floor.
Christopher Columbus once started a revolution, and then crushed it.
We would like to give a welcome party for the new members when it's convenient for them.
At least let me help carrying the table for you.
I can fly.
I know how to fly.
Do you have a wife?
Do you have a husband?
That is not my big house.
Is that your big house?
Are those your big houses?
Two women are singing.
Four men are singing.
That man over there is Pedro.
That woman over there is Ana.
I would give it to them.
I love him.
I want to wash myself.
I learn Quechua.
I can't hear myself!
It's raining here.
It's snowing here.
It rains there.
It snows there.
It's raining there.
It's snowing there.
I live in a town.
I'm living in a town.
I'm living in a small town.
I want to live in a town.
I want to live in a small town.
I want to live in a big city.
Maria, Marcelina and father Jos are going to town.
Mara, Marcelina and father Jos want to go to town.
I will go when they come back here.
If you want, I will come back here.
When you speak fast, I can understand.
People in Cusco are glad when we speak Quechua.
I was sad when she was weeping.
Who will weep when I die?
I am glad when I speak Quechua.
What will you do for a living if you can speak Quechua?
While I sing, I'm walking.
We were eating while weeping.
In case you want, I will do it.
What will I do when I have learned to speak Quechua?
I will do it because she said.
Would you not do it, because he says?
Although I tell you to, you don't do it.
Although he says it, she will do it.
I will sing while he is resting.
I will sit here until he sings.
He went to Lima so that he could learn much there.
I have come so that you can inform me.
They are talking about what they will sing.
I sing to make my living.
I am studying with the purpose of being able to speak Quechua.
I am working so that you can learn Quechua.
I do not work so you can be lazy and rest all day long!
I am laughing so that you will be happy.
I must answer your letter.
"What is the plural of Nazi?" - "Assholes."
I remember your face, but I don't remember your name.
I remember her face, but I don't remember her name.
Listen up well to what I say to you.
I prefer bananas rather than apples.
The water is lukewarm.
They've always been petting each other.
The sun burns my eyes.
The author is seventy but he's no less productive than he was twenty years ago.
Tom can't decide.
You should look out for potholes when driving.
In mines you can find valuable minerals.
Tom takes a tablet containing vitamins and minerals every day.
People used to think that women who looked odd were witches.
Yesterday you saw a big man.
Yesterday she saw a big man.
Yesterday he saw a big man.
The penis entered the vagina.
Currently we don't have it in stock.
How much does a bottle of beer cost?
His father won't come. He's very busy.
He screams a lot.
He is screaming a lot.
To avoid injury or discomfort, be sure that the vagina is lubricated before intercourse.
There are comments associated with this question.
I can't find my girlfriend's clitoris.
I am better.
Language can be used in different ways.
We can play with the language.
When we learn languages, we learn fixed expressions.
Were you born in a barn?
Internet Explorer is the world's most popular Web browser.
Stay in touch with the most important people in your life.
His report was a copy-and-paste of another.
I am a Trojan horse, so I have infected your Mac computer.
This is the second time I have arrived in China on my own.
The first time, I spoke pretty much no Chinese at all, and didn't understand China's conventions and customs.
But when I arrived in China that time, I had a family waiting for me.
This time, although I'm more experienced, there's nobody waiting to meet me.
My final destination in China is the city of Harbin in the north-east, about one thousand kilometres from Beijing.
When booking flights, I decided the easiest way would be to fly to Beijing first, then get the train to complete my journey.
Doing it this way was probably the most fun, too.
However, as soon as I saw the situation at the train station I began to regret this decision.
The queue for buying tickets was unbelievably long.
In China, you have to go to the departure station and buy train tickets there.
What's more, you can only buy train tickets one week in advance.
At the train station, once I had figured out where the queue for tickets actually was, I began the long wait.
I didn't arrive in Harbin until very late, and the queue for taxis was already extremely long.
Not long after I joined the queue, a man approached and asked if I wanted a taxi.
"But I'm already queuing," I tell him.
I am suspicious that this is an illegal taxi.
"You don't have to queue for my car," he offers.
"Is it an illegal taxi?" I ask him.
"Then I don't want it," I reply.
That evening, the university held a meeting for foreign students and Chinese students studying foreign languages.
Without warning, the teachers ask students from each country to take the microphone and explain to everyone their reasons for coming to Harbin.
When it comes to my turn to speak, I confuse the words 'standard' and 'common', and end up saying that the north-eastern accent is 'the most common'.
Fortunately, everybody understood what this foreigner meant, knew I was only making a fool of myself, and laughed at me.
In Harbin, many people invite me to their homes to have dinner.
This laowai, how classy!
Worried, the shopkeeper ran over and kneeled beside Dima, who was breathing heavily - his forehead covered in sweat.
I'm scared shitless.
This is not very stylish.
This manga is pretty popular in China.
It's clear that there's a rather strong disagreement between the two.
It's stable because all the roots of this equation are negative.
Are men who don't drink still men?
If you didn't eat the cake I made, then your sister did.
The better he knows the language, the less he likes it.
There are too many people here. Let's go somewhere else.
What more would you want?
Her head was bursting with new ideas.
Your head was bursting with new ideas.
She blamed others for her own failure.
You blamed others for your own failure.
Take a walk every day.
You have already eaten.
He has already eaten.
She has already eaten.
They already have eaten.
Take my hand. The two of us are going to construct a utopia.
In a horrifying chain of events, Christopher Columbus once bit his own lip.
Are you listening?
You're a sicko!
He's a sucker for beautiful women.
Would you leave the door open, please?
Would you lend me your bicycle?
Would you lend me your dictionary?
Would you lend me your pencil?
Let's go to the teahouse!
Would you lend your dictionary to me?
I dreamed about you.
Please let go of my arm.
I like to leave things up in the air.
At last, my elder sister got married.
The hunter shot the fox dead.
Do you trust her?
Where does he want to go?
Where does she want to go?
Hi, I'd like a deep-fried pizza roll.
She won many competitions.
You won many competitions.
They won many competitions.
Maybe you licked it?
What kind of public events do you enjoy attending?
The sale of cigarettes should be banned.
Choose a particular event you remember well.
Teaching children is easier than teaching adults.
A lot of people exceed the speed limit so it must be acceptable.
Insurance fraud is a crime without a victim.
I'd like to know if that's true.
Please look after my luggage.
Would you look after my cat?
Would you please look after my dog tomorrow?
Would you please look after the children?
Would you please look over my report?
It took me a little more time than usually to fall asleep.
It's easy to catch a cold.
My French is crappy.
That's true as well.
You can remove the NNC.
My French is shitty.
Doom has been ported to a calculator.
How could there be unbroken eggs under a toppled nest?
Hey, twirp! This here is our territory!
Hurry up, we are leaving!
She scoffed at my poem.
How much of what I've written here do you understand?
The road is crowded so we probably won't get there by the time we promised.
I'm very busy so probably I won't be able to come tomorrow.
It will get very cold tonight. Maybe it will snow tomorrow.
I have to pay more attention to myself.
I think that everyone has to make efforts to save nature.
Since I've entered that school, I have to write weekly reports just like Japanese students do.
I have to go back now.
My neighbour's name is Deng Daping.
Some bugs were fixed.
Simplicity in design attracts users.
There aren't supposed to be any men in this house.
I like watching lesbian porn.
This site contains sexually explicit material and is intended for adults only.
A list of required hardware is available here.
This page contains technical information that might be useful when you're trying to solve a problem.
She has big boobs.
It might be worthwhile to seek advice from your doctor.
I don't know Spanish, but with the help of a Spanish-German dictionary, I nevertheless understood your letter to some extent.
I'm sure there is nobody as kind as you are the whole world.
What might a planet need to spawn life?
His eyes got stuck on the canvas on the wall.
It's not that simple.
It's not as simple as that.
We tend to perceive what we expect to perceive.
More information is needed to recognize an unexpected phenomenon.
You need to face the facts.
Understand the key factors that shape an issue.
The sniper is driving a white van.
How much confidence exists that this assumption is correct?
She thinks about cocks all the time.
Under Europa's icy crust might be water ocean.
Sapient beings are far more advanced than humans.
His remuneration consists of a base salary plus commissions.
If you think that it's in school - seated in a chair and listening to a teacher - that you learn a language, then boy are you off.
If you think that I'm still going to help a bastard like you, then you couldn't be any further away from the truth.
There has been a case of death in his family.
There has been a case of death in her family.
There has been a case of death in your family.
The little bumpkin bought a big pumpkin.
The angry chimp went up the sidewalk and ripped everybody's face off.
He was loved by everyone that knew him.
I was sacked yesterday.
The criminal was arrested.
The tiger was killed.
I am afraid it's too late.
My car was stolen by a thief.
That child was told off by the teacher.
My beer was finished off by my room-mate.
He made me so angry that I got a headache.
He was beaten to within an inch of his life.
The army was unexpectedly attacked.
Due to global warming, cities could be completely submerged.
Her toy was broken by her little sister.
It was her little sister that broke her toy.
I was woken up by the noise of the traffic outside.
Don't get caught.
Don't get yourself killed.
In this final tutorial, we look at multivariable cases.
It is generally assumed that fundamental constants such as c have the same value throughout spacetime, meaning that they do not depend on location and do not vary with time.
Shanghaiing is a practice from the mid-19th Northwest United States that consisted of conscripting men as sailors by coercive techniques.
Her party won the most votes in the election.
He should be a psychic detective.
A fortune teller once told Christopher Columbus that he would become a famous man. Columbus, in turn, got angry and demanded his money back - claiming that even a child could state something so obvious.
It's pretty freaking cold outside.
I want to become an engineer.
I took two cups of coffee.
He looked in all directions, but didn't see anyone.
I want that one.
I want to say that word.
What's that vocabulary?
I can't understand this word.
I can't understand that word.
This drink is very delicious.
That food is very tasteful.
I'm a Japanese teacher.
I like the Japanese language very much.
I want to buy a cheap dictionary.
I don't understand Dutch, because it's difficult.
I can't speak fluent Indonesian yet.
You want to go via the tunnel?
That's his business.
You want to learn Russian? But that's even more vulgar than French!
Don't trust him. Like everyone else, he's looking out for himself.
There is something in my eye.
Other members received less severe verdicts by the court.
He was sentenced to hours of unpaid work.
I am Anthony.
He was charged with acquiring criminal property.
It is gross to kick autistic children.
She isn't picky.
Put the patient on his back.
Don't call me anymore.
My computer's acting strange.
You're the first person I told that to.
I majored in psychology.
He got lost on his way here.
This bus is going to Minsk.
Let's get the party started.
They decided on the date and location of their wedding.
She is a tender girl of questionable morals.
Would you please mail this letter by airmail?
He likes his coffee black.
Did you understand what he said?
It's three hours door-to-door.
They told me that I would feel a little better if I took this medicine.
What would driving a car be without doom metal?
I think I've got it.
Signing off, gonna take a shower.
You must not stop on the hard shoulder to go to the toilet.
This application just eats up your battery.
But words are words; I never yet did hear. That the bruised heart was pierced through the ear.
The Naxi language is spoken in Southwest China.
Let's order two bottles.
It's difficult for me to solve this problem.
As I sat and played the dutar, I thought of you.
You want to get a beating?
What is usually the cause for the pain?
What usually causes the pain?
What is the usual cause for the pain?
The people are suffering.
Please don't make such a loud noise.
He likes to smoke tobacco.
She likes to smoke tobacco.
It likes to smoke tobacco.
That's a total lie.
He is crazy about jazz.
The death of one man is a tragedy, the death of millions is a statistic.
I like Ozodbek's songs.
I've quit using French with you.
The local name of Nepali is "".
I'm drunk, but I can still speak German.
The local name of Tsez is "cezyas mec".
If you had told me the truth, I would not be angry now.
This website seems quite good.
If you want to keep meat for a long time, freeze it.
When my father heard my wife was pregnant, he couldn't have talked a bluer streak.
He has little clotting factor, so even the tiniest paper cut bleeds and bleeds.
My printer's black ink is defective; it bleeds across the page if I touch it with my finger.
America bleeds credit.
He devoted a whole poem to the blueness of his victim's eyes, which the two policemen read out loud to one another through hysterical, tearful laughter.
I just want to hop into my boat and sally forth into the great blueness.
The ocean's blueness comes from the same atmospheric conditions that make the sky blue.
Jeannie's hair was bluer than her eyes.
As his lips got bluer, I nervously waited for the ambulance.
Jeans manufacturers make denim bluer with indigo dye.
"The Aristocrats" is one of the world's bluest jokes.
Snippy had the bluest blood of all his crab brethren.
Branching out to other people is one of the hardest things for some of his patients to do.
Looks like the Japanese maple is finally branching.
Branching and merging are two basic operations of revision control.
The server farm suffered extensive breakage after the earthquake.
The breakage goes from the ankle to the knee. It's like the bone just disintegrated.
Any more breakage and you'll never curate a blown glass exhibit in this town again!
Brightening teeth is a multimillion- or multibillion-dollar industry.
Brightening your monitor should only require one button.
Brightening the display on most cell phones reduces their battery life significantly.
Kathy set about brightening her coworkers' day with fresh muffins when her demoniac alter ago, High Priestess Lilith, convinced her to poison them.
Philadelphia's nickname, "the City of Brotherly Love," is simply a translation from the Greek roots of the city's name.
Relations between the heads of state in this region have been convivial, even brotherly.
In an oddly brotherly drunken gesture, Cole tried to give his roommate a noogie.
Most builders I've seen in town just get everything they need from the big-box hardware stores.
Oh, he was just talking about how children are the builders of tomorrow or some other bullshit.
You can tell from the jargon alone that these instructions were written for experienced builders and not the average consumer.
Right now I don't have any time.
And like that it's correct?
There's nothing better than a good onion soup to drive away the hangover after a night of drinking.
One thing I love about the internet is its timelessness.
So you are really offering me a Roflex watch for dollars?
Did you ever try keeping your flat completely free from dust?
Oh luck! Like the moon, you steadily change, you always grow and then wither again.
I'll stop speaking to you in French.
Jig, reel and hornpipe are the most popular irish dances.
I'd never say something like that.
He's in the well.
She's in the well.
It's in the well.
We're in the well.
They're in the well.
The money is in the well.
The cat is in the well.
There's no water in the well.
There isn't any water in the well.
Could you please show me your boarding pass?
Would you please stay here for a while?
If only I had wings!
If only the two of us would meet!
Would you please turn on the TV?
Won't you please write with a ballpoint pen?
"The floor is dirty!" the shopkeeper reprimanded him. "You haven't even paid for the suit yet, and you're already getting it dirty!"
Would you please write with a ballpoint pen?
"I'm sorry," Dima apologized. "I just had the strangest feeling."
Would you please write your name here?
"What kind of feeling?" the shopkeeper asked.
"I feel like..." Dima started to say. "I feel like I haven't done anything for the last 150,sentences."
What's your favorite kind of sushi?
My father asked me to open the door.
My mother bought me a new bicycle.
Could you please turn down the heat?
Please introduce me to a cute girl.
You must stay the night.
These young people are talking loudly amongst themselves and have absolutely no regard for those around them.
I think I'm going to stay here.
I think I'm gonna stay here.
I can't.
Oh, come on! You gotta at least spend the night. We haven't seen you for so long.
The stages of psychosexual developmentoral, anal, phallic, latent, and genitalturn out to be one big Freudian slip, betraying severe anal retention on the part of the taxonomist.
Are you drunk enough to speak German once again?
Christopher Columbus's secret love letters to Queen Isabella - undiscovered for centuries - have been rumored to rival, if not surpass, the Kama Sutra.
When the landlord's away, the tenants will play.
Being an anglophone is a double-edged sword. On one hand, you speak perfectly the world's most useful language. But on the other, no one wants to speak anything else with you - making foreign language acquisition difficult.
It's not blood. It's beet.
Regardless whether it's a lie or the truth, I won't believe you.
I'm sick.
Imogen of the Internet blatantly forsakes web accessibility guidelines when redesigning her Tumblr for the twelfth time today.
Imogen of the Internet is torn between filling out the music sections of all her online profiles and ensuring that none of her friends will have ever heard of her favorite bands in order to protect their precious obscurity.
Up to 60% of Imogen of the Internet's nonverbal social cues are snarky hashtags.
Imogen of the Internet cannot look at a cat, even a dead one, without coming up with a blood-curdlingly saccharine, egregiously misspelled caption in 60-point white Impact.
Whether or not Imogen of the Internet will live out her life without causing national scandal depends entirely on Mark Zuckerberg's privacy policies.
Imogen of the Internet can type over words per minute, but runs a 20-minute mile. The rest of her family has the opposite problem.
He is daydreaming.
The "buddy system" is a way to stay safe while hiking in the woods, except when encountering pregnant bears, which eat for two or even three or four.
Inspiration exists, but it has to find you working.
This situation is funny.
Black money scandal, 11th of September, expenseuro, the Old Europe, Hartz IV, Madame Chancellor, fanmile, climatic catastrophe, financial crisis, wreckage bonus and citizen of anger are the last ten words of the year in Germany.
He returned to Japan.
Once we thought that Man couldn't fly.
Even a nightingale isn't without its gall.
It's easier to lose a village than get a home.
Ken is about as tall as Bill.
It's possible that the drinking water has chlorine, lead, or similar contaminants in it.
Better supervision is required. This place is nothing but confusion. For example, there is too much replication which only wastes time and energy.
The term neural net was traditionally used to name a network or circuit of biological neurons.
It makes sense.
I bought a camera not long ago.
Her skin is more white than snow.
He complimented me.
It's a problem, however you look at it.
It's three miles longer than I can walk.
If the cat is outside, the mice dance on the table.
The structure already has some defects.
It's blatantly obvious.
I was born and educated in Tokyo.
What is better than friendship?
You must be crazy to go into the snow without a coat.
If you ever do that again, be careful!
My father became old.
I am a foreigner.
That makes sense.
You wouldn't have needed to do that.
When I got out of bed, the sun was already high in the sky.
All my pains are nothing compared to yours.
Our neighbour bought himself a charming horse.
You always make such nonsense!
I'll play with Naoko this afternoon.
There are people who work in the night, and sleep in the day.
Your dog is still barking at me.
I still can't get her out of my head.
Do you think I'm joking?
I think that he is as he should be.
Just is the glory that is the fruit of bravery.
It's a lifesize statue.
We'll hide in Egypt.
Marc, whose spirit is timid, hid himself, fearing danger.
I hugged him tightly and cried.
I don't regret it.
I wanted to phone you, but I thought you wouldn't get it so I didn't phone you in the end.
Tonight in the night sky, the stars are shining very brightly.
She wouldn't even piss on me if I were on fire.
That's not a bear anymore. That's bear goo.
That boy can't be very healthy, as he only eats fast foods.
This smell might come from the oven!
The sausages must be burnt by now!
This chicken is too chewy to have been cooked correctly.
Daddy must be able to cook at least one egg!
The herb used in that pasta sauce might be parsley.
Lucy might be able to help you, if you can't cook dinner for ten people alone.
He might not have eaten for days.
It might be a wedding.
It must be a very expensive restaurant!
The child who ate almost all this cake must be very fat.
It must be a birthday cake!
I have two brothers and three sisters.
The sentences "Let's eat grandpa." and "Let's eat, grandpa." are only one proof that punctuation can change a lot.
The method is wicked.
He looks forward to having visitors.
Health is worth more than gold.
Luckily, we found an escape route.
If a mouse only has one hole, it will soon perish.
If jumps too high the rat - it's captured by the cat.
May the firmament not fall upon him.
The hunter explored the appearance of the sky.
Even the sky conspires against us.
Acquired by sin - there's no profit within.
Be born, get married, and die; always bring money.
Time and circumstances bring wisdom.
I understand it more or less.
According to what she said, he's culpable.
He made a pack for the clothes, bound together with rope.
I hate chalk. It leaves powder on your hands.
Give me the metal bucket with the oil in it.
Where is the vodka?
The United States is next to Canada.
She planted the flower bulb in the garden.
The boss strolled around the balcony above the office, observing the workers.
The tip of the knife blade is sharp.
The tip of the knife is sharp.
Those whose bones were exhumed to build the new catacombs could not be reached for comment.
How many people are going for the trip?
I went to Bali on summer holiday.
Why do we not go home?
The exit flowrate is proportional to the pressure difference around the exit valve.
Is the system linear?
A person who is sapiosexual feels attracted by the intelligence of another person more than by outward appearance.
Please call again.
Do you have dried salted beef?
Are you against recycling?
Damn! Swiss trains have everything!
There are people you have to watch through the beer goggles.
We don't know each other.
The band are very excited about their upcoming tour.
Who is this lady?
He has boozy breath.
She's not here.
Take your clothes off, please.
Take him away.
It's a cloak-and-dagger operation.
The camping trip was really in tents.
No matter if black, brown, yellow or normal, all people should have the same rights.
They haven't heard from him in a long time.
I spent the whole day reading that novel.
He wants me to approach it with care.
Eventually, he returned the sword to its sheath.
There are many famous historic buildings in Kyoto.
Swinging their swords with two hands, the warriors bravely battled their enemies to the end.
Thanks to you, the backlog of tedious work has been completed.
It is common for students to go to school without eating breakfast.
It is common for students to skip breakfast before going to school.
She has large breasts.
Please let me know when you are ready to order.
Please tell me where the police station is.
I truly fear that nothing is left for us to eat.
I want to sleep with your wife.
If only I were such a beautiful and talented person.
Don't ask her out, demand her out!
If there are two in a room and three go out, one must go in, so that none is in the room.
I went to Bali for summer vacation.
He suddenly became very happy.
It doesn't matter if you have received schooling or not.
What has your friend been doing recently?
I like to do oil painting, but I don't intend to make that my lifelong occupation.
This is definitely the best way.
I made twenty blurry shots to have one almost correct!
Why is it important to know about a companys culture?
Businesses often have a list of 5-'mission statements' featured in their brochures, on their websites or hanging in their office detailing the values they hold as a form of communication to their employees, their clients and the public.
If you are a potential employee then you should be aware of what the company stands for and how it treats its employees before attending an interview.
If you need to use the services of a company, you may be interested to know what standards they work towards before choosing to work with them.
The guitarist threw himself into the crowd.
You may not agree with some of their major policies and this could affect your working relationship.
For some companies their treatment of their employees or clients at any given time could affect their share prices and so inevitably have a great influence on the companys success or failure.
To better understand what a companys culture is you should consider the following points and see how the company deals with them.
Many on-line companies need to have a new approach to business to survive.
One of the major Internet search engines states that Fast is better than slow.
This shows they have listened to the needs of their clients.
They also have You can be serious without a suit as one of their key beliefs.
This implies a fun and relaxed working atmosphere where team achievement is highly valued, communication is extremely important and traditional 3-hour meetings have been replaced by informal chats in the queue for coffee.
Gotta go.
The nail that sticks out gets hammered down.
Arms export was prohibited.
Weapons export was prohibited.
The number of looks equals the number of people.
He thought up an excuse.
My sister irons my pants.
My mother doesn't like to watch TV.
Please don't worry.
My father often helps me with my homework.
It is not necessary for us to attend this lecture.
I'm so tired.
World War I began in the year 1914.
Did you just get to know him?
I am fed up with his behaviour.
In fact, he too loved her.
Marriage isn't really something that young people are interested in.
This tradition originates from China.
His father passed away last year.
There's no need to worry.
He met with a tragic death in an ambush.
I am the most junior staff in my office.
It was decided that the manager, as the company's representative, would go overseas on business trips once a week.
"I love you" - I could never say something like that.
I'd better stay out of that debate as I don't want any trouble.
I am an electrician.
Isn't this flower beautiful?
Free advice isn't always good advice.
Dry leaves float on the water's surface.
I left my keys on the table. Could I trouble you to bring them to me?
Please tell me about it.
I don't have any money and I don't have any friends either.
A lightyear is the distance that light travels in one year.
I really would like to meet another Esperantist some day...
How can I pay my bills without work!
That burger was terrible!
I'd like to go to France one day.
I've always wanted to see an Esperanto convention before I die.
You may write in any language you want. On Tatoeba, all languages are equal.
Do not disturb.
He who demands much, gets much. He who demands too much, gets nothing.
I was born in a world you may not understand.
Who excels in studies can follow an official career.
She is popular not because of her beauty, but because of her kindness.
He feels like he's singled out.
We had dinner in an expensive restaurant and stayed at a high-class hotel.
It's finally Friday.
It will snow tomorrow according to the weather forecast.
The next train arriving at platform will depart for Shibuya at 4:35pm.
My older sister goes jogging every day.
He has a big family.
She has a big family.
Your efforts came to nothing.
I love her because of how patient she is.
I love her because she is patient.
The thief cut the telephone lines before breaking into the house.
Do you like the movie?
His bike is better than mine.
If you want to learn a language well, learn it yourself.
Hope is when you suddenly run to the kitchen like a mad man to check if the empty chocolate cookie box you just finished an hour ago is magically full again.
I am embarrassed.
Alain is the human protagonist of the novel.
What a bad girl!
One day someone tagged the Tales of Columbus as "lie" on Tatoeba, and Columbus came to remove them.
The new Tatoeba website will use a home-made "hyper" database, a "made-from-scratch" search engine, and will run on a tatoebux-OS server with a tatoetel CPU made entirely out of tatoebium.
That's shit!
All day long there was a steady stream of people going in and out of the bank.
An hexagon is a shape.
An hexagon has six sides.
My dad's name is Fritz.
I think food is expensive in Japan.
Oscar was my mum's dog.
It is now safe to turn off your computer and read a book.
Columbus, Ericson, and Magellan once walked into a bar. Only Columbus walked out.
It needs itself.
Who says sentences have to be serious?
I think the sentence would sound more natural like that.
Where is the ox going?
The superior man is affected towards animals: having seen them alive, he cannot bear to see them die; having heard their cries, he cannot bear to eat their flesh.
It is because you do not do it, not because you are not able to do it.
That's what makes the difference.
What's your point?
Step on it!
I don't like spring.
Does she know your telephone number?
There is no use in making excuses.
Science is still not capable of solving all of life's problems.
Angels have harps, devils have bodhrns.
He was a brave sentry.
Nazi comparisons are inappropriate in every situation.
She said that she's living in Osaka.
April is in my mistress face, and July in her eyes hath place; Within her bosom is September, but in her heart a cold December.
A car is a machine for turning fuel into obesity.
Jesus Christ converted to Buddhism.
His loneliness was as deep as the blue of the ocean around his dugout canoe.
French are better gardeners than Germans: they have green hands whereas their neighbours only have green thumbs.
The standard pitch A is used as referential pitch for tuning most of all instruments and is set to Hertz.
Last night I dreamed of you.
I cannot stand you anymore.
I cannot stand this anymore.
What were you doing when I called this morning?
Only time will tell.
Your voice made me cry.
She's a real gossip.
Her father is tall.
Are you a walking dictionary?
Why do you people fight so much?
There are almost no gunfights in Japan.
You should learn from his example.
Columbus was notorious for using the "wave-the-white-flag-then-open-fire" technique, and won many battles this way.
I'm sorry. We've finished boarding.
I decided to learn Esperanto today.
How did you learn Esperanto?
I lost my patience.
One of my Japanese teachers said "honya honya" instead of "blah blah." My ensuing laughter nearly gave me a hernia.
Is there anybody in the house?
I am thinking of closing my savings account.
This might not be a genuine diamond.
His latest musical pieces are just variants of his earlier work.
Could you exchange rooms with me?
We ate curry rice last night.
I noticed a note on my desk, but I do not know who wrote it.
As long as you keep quiet, you can stay here.
Krista's curt, businesslike tone put off her clients at the maternity ward, especially on their special days.
The prime minister's businesslike approach to welfare reform earned him accolades among the upper class.
This pantsuit is perfect for the successful businesswoman.
Five businesswomen started an association that would eventually become a powerful national lobby.
A businesswoman by day, Natasja leads a nightlife unfit for print.
Each of us is like the moon: there is a dark side of us that we do not let others see.
Subjugation of the lower classes is important to our covert centralization of resources.
Stay calm.
With bronze as a mirror one can dress neatly; with the example of another person one can see the advantages and disadvantages of himself; from the mirror of history one can know the reason for the rise and fall of states.
At the end of the sleep the dormant awakes.
What is her husband like?
How am I to get in?
He has a huge cock.
She has sagging tits and her husband has a limp noodle.
Time wounds all heels.
I panicked when I read that they expected big protests in Riyadh today, but then my wife reassured me, saying that she had just bought two bottles of olive oil, ensuring our living standard for months, even if oil prices were to explode.
You're one of them too, aren't you?!
Flies high the cow and low the cattle, a twister does the farmyard rattle.
This sentence is mine.
My house is next to the big tree.
When chickens pancake-shape maintain, the tractor must have won again.
Saeb is really fond of Horace.
When in the barn the heating fails, cubic shape the milk yield takes.
Do abbots mow hay? Never do abbots mow hay! Abbots pray.
He quickly read through the abstracts to find the paper he was looking for.
As far as restaurants, canteens, cafeterias or similar things are concerned, "feedback" may be the wrong word.
Bill can speak a little Japanese.
Bill speaks a little Japanese.
I can't stand that man.
I often read books.
As she's a very practical person, she often fixes her friends' cars.
When my brother was young, I often used to take him to the park.
If I had the money, I would often go out and have fun.
As soon as I have a dog, I'll start going for walks frequently.
It's not difficult to learn Dutch.
He's not my boyfriend. Just a friend with benefits.
He's not my boyfriend. We're just friends with benefits.
He's not a big drinker, but his friends all like to drink, so he often gets drunk.
It can be overdone.
I'm afraid my grandma neither has a henhouse nor a motorcycle.
Work makes free.
Work liberates.
They that sow in tears shall reap in joy.
To be or not to be?
Xiaoli often loses sleep because his neighbours are always arguing loudly.
He feels at home.
This is the best restaurant known to me.
This is the best restaurant I know of.
Contemporaries said about him: No one before has ever navigated like Columbus does, and no one ever will.
The world is blue, and so are you.
An earthquake, 8.on the Richter scale, hits Japan and causes a massive tsunami.
Tsunamis swept through rice fields and flooded the towns.
National rescue teams are on standby ready to fly to Japan.
Everyone is hoping nothing bad will ever happen in Japan.
We are all praying for Japan.
Don't pay attention to him.
"You, Sir, are an imperialist!" "And you, Sir, are a troll."
The price that the famous pay for their celebrity is a lack of privacy.
She got all flustered when the boy she likes came over to talk to her.
I can't trust such a man.
She paid me a visit yesterday.
Bill dove into the river to save the drowning child.
I like corn dogs.
Pardon me, what place is this?
A massive earthquake of magnitude 8.hit the Japanese islands today.
Even now there are occasional aftershocks.
Currently, it is a situation in which transport links in the metropolitan area have been paralyzed due to the earthquake.
It is expected that the tsunami surge will be ten meters or less.
A lot of buildings collapsed in Japan due to the earthquake yesterday.
It's just like a nightmare.
Woe to those who presume that they are destined to enlighten others, not themselves!
The thief was caught red handed.
Mom was busy with her sewing.
A tiger is a very ferocious kind of animal.
I prefer coffee.
He enjoyed reading detective stories.
Each person paid one thousand dollars.
You're holding my hand in the photo.
I'll return at half past six.
I went to Kyoto by car.
Prices will continue to rise.
Daddy, may I go out and play?
If it's convenient, please come here tonight.
Look at the girl over there.
I just want someone to talk to.
There isn't much furniture in my house.
I am a Muslim.
How does one find the least visited pages, and what does one do with them?
Several children are playing on the sandy beach.
Several children are playing on the beach.
Could you shut the door?
Did you forget the door?
What do big boys do when they come into a room, Johnny?
Nobody intends to erect a wall.
He is a compulsive gambler.
I'm resting.
I'm eating lunch.
I study art history.
I'm studying art history.
The bus stops at Htel sland.
The bus stops at Hotel Iceland.
Which guitar is yours?
Paul is more vigorous than Marc.
My garden is small.
Perhaps will he never become famous.
Please don't touch the exhibits.
He decided to submit his resignation.
That's not exactly what I had in mind.
Someone should talk to him and tell him what's what.
His jokes had us in stitches.
My dad thinks my boyfriend is a real whack job.
No one in their right mind would walk in those woods at night.
That hotel really goes the extra mile to make sure their guests feel at home.
Godwin's law teaches us that any infinite discussion about an arbitrary subject converges to a Nazi comparison.
The actress is studying her role.
Sometimes I wonder when the first world championship in cyberbullying will take place.
Humility often achieves more than pride.
Human pride is human weakness.
Dropboxes are often handy, but Imogen of the Internet still emails things to herself because (and I quote) "it's vintage."
No doubt. He's a warmonger.
Imogen of the Internet can connect to dial-up BBSes by whistling into a funnel attached to a phone line.
It's five and you're still not in bed! You just came back from the bar, didn't you?
He has come!
He's stalling for time.
He's behaving oddly.
Even though he's got a lot of girlfriends, he's still not a player.
I must say that your writing is at a pretty good level!
It's my bad.
There are times when I find you really interesting.
To be honest, I've gradually come to dislike the life here.
Mathematicians are creative artists, their artworks being sophisticated constructs of ideas and aesthetic proofs.
If you have hope, then you'll certainly find happiness, and will become a role model for others as well.
The two of us are still rather young, and so we don't have this kind of problem.
If you find a bad wife and get married to her, then it will certainly be difficult to be happy later.
There are many ways to improve one's life.
People grow more cynical with age.
The weight of the world is a dangerous thing to try to bear. Take only a small fraction, and the rest of it will soon follow - crushing you.
What did Brainless and Unhappy do?
Do Tatoeba contributors sleep?
That's just low and atrocious.
That has nothing to do with this problem.
That has something to do with this problem.
Open Sesame!
Growing centrist sentiment threatens to upset America's traditional two-party system.
His wide-ranging stances on various issues cement him as a centrist.
Many commentators regard Obama as a centrist.
Why don't you actually consider your situation instead of just chancing it?
Chancing upon an unusually beautiful woman one table away, Julian began to visibly shake.
To one of the head psychologists, the depression criteria didn't quite characterize this group of girls.
Is this kid autistic or does he have ADHD? His behavior is hard to characterize either way.
Drunken fights and more drunken sex characterize their excuse for a relationship.
If you had to characterize your wife in three words, which ones would you pick?
Mikhail choked down another shotall too characteristically.
In a characteristically awkward move, Regis patted his guest on the arm.
The fun thing about crowdsourcing is letting other people do the work for us.
God help your mortal soul.
How characteristically quirky of him to give you both a dozen roses and a dozen camellias, and have them fight to the death!
You can tell this is college radio. First of all, they actually play records; secondly, they keep playing them at the wrong speed.
Em dashes were named after Dorothy's aunt.
This is the last train.
How shameful!
In the past the world was thought to be flat.
In the past it was thought the world was flat.
My grandfather was given a gold watch when he retired.
I was told by my teacher to hand my homework by Friday.
The two boys were stopped and searched by the police.
Last years champion was expected to win Wimbledon.
It is said the house is haunted.
When the sun of culture sets, the dwarfs too look like giants.
Do abbots mow hay? Abbots never mow hay. Abbots pray!
This writer is Russian.
My friend is Indian.
I teach biology and French.
You must be very talented, so as I!
You're probably as very talented as I am!
I have relatives in Milan.
Tell me who you haunt, I'll tell you who you are.
He bought a ticket for Paris.
Bill, have you taken Spot for a walk yet?
He requested a blow job.
She didn't like horsemeat, initially.
Fry.
Your turn to split!
Thank you so much! I am alive.
It's shaking! Ah!
Everyone who uses Esperanto or works for it, is an Esperantist, and every Esperantist has the complete right, in Esperanto, to see only the language as a simple, cold tool for international comprehension.
Every one of his songs was a hit.
Every one of her songs was a hit.
Sadly, many Japanese people died.
There's going to be a tsunami!
He is the tallest person in the class.
The rest follows naturally.
This app will let you sync your photos and music between all your devices.
From that distance, the ship is similar to an island.
From that distance, the ship resembles an island.
Something tells me that you're hiding something.
In reply, he didn't say even a word.
When the rain stopped, he went out for a walk.
It would seem that the Chinese can't restrain themselves from speaking English with me, even though they know that I speak Chinese and that I'm not English.
He can't answer their questions.
The brave sentry thinks it's funny that most Spanish 3rd-person-sentences have six possible ways of being translated to German.
When will we have arrived?
Although a lickspit licks spit and an ass-kisser kisses asses, both expressions are used for people who are tarred with the same brush.
My foot hurts.
The One is the beginning of all things.
The world is a sacred vessel that cannot be acted on. Whoever acts on it will ruin it; whoever holds on to it will lose it.
We ran down to the riverbank.
Difficult things in the world must have their beginnings in the easy; big things must have their beginnings in the small.
Rulers who posses the Way are raised by heaven, supported by the earth and assisted by the spirits.
It was reported that a coach collided with an SUV on the motorway last week.
The politician was thought to be telling the truth.
The police are believed to have arrested the wrong woman.
We're getting a new car next month.
What time did he get there?
I can never make my son to eat any vegetables.
I can never get my son to eat any vegetables.
I don't get the joke.
I don't get the mistake.
In Italy, during summer, it doesn't get dark until about nine o'clock.
Hang on a minute.
My sister didn't own up to breaking the lamp, instead she made up some story about aliens coming to Earth with the objective of destroying every piece of yellow furniture.
Try to raise this topic when you speak to her!
The aeroplane set off early in the morning.
This morning we ran into heavy traffic on the motorway.
I'd love to find out why she said so.
Rooms should be left vacant by eleven a.m. on the day of departure.
Come on, Arianna, speed up or we'll never get there!
My friends stood by me during the court case.
Cats love to run after balls of wool.
My mother used to pick me up every day when I was at primary school.
Here you can see beautiful colour combinations.
Coming face to face with a dinosaur was a funny experience.
More and more students are joining the protests.
I was having such a good time at the party that I didn't want to come home.
Unfortunately, my teachers are not the worst ones.
Some teachers peel potatoes while teaching.
Some teachers look for their hair while teaching.
I'd like to go abroad one day.
The shadow of the stick is visible.
Inspired by her teachers, Pharamp is going to start her solar career tomorrow.
Make sure you don't listen too loud with these new earphones!
Nobody understood why the elephant suddenly turned on its owner.
The phone company cut me off last month.
They can carry on their conversation tomorrow.
The prisoner asked for a piece of cake.
I didn't bring this topic up with her.
I want to sum up this passage for you.
All in all, I enjoyed the lecture.
You're so predictable.
You're such a mean man.
She's got such lovely eyes.
It's almost midnight here.
Imogen of the Internet expresses genuine surprise that other people's favorite radio stations are not M3U streams from servers halfway across the world.
They're taking us for cash cows.
Imogen of the Internet has dyed her hair all web-safe colors at some point in her life. She is a natural #663300.
What you're saying isn't logical.
He took the reality of the situation lightly and failed.
He hasn't been around lately.
I don't know how to express my gratitude.
Since you're here, we might as well begin.
The recent news about the Fukushima I nuclear power plant will likely strengthen the cause of the advocates who want to let our local nuclear power plant's license expire.
A nearby town even considered becoming part of the neighboring state. They really just wanted lower taxes.
If Sarah Palin is elected president, Canada will be flooded with American immigrants.
The consequences of Sendai's earthquake were dreadful!
Yesterday, I cooked Okonomiyaki.
I made it for the first time.
We went to the Asian supermarket.
The Okonomiyaki was very delicious.
In Japan, I often ate okonomiyaki.
The English title is "Norwegian Wood".
Kenichi Matsuyama's acting is very good.
It is also a good movie.
Have you read Haruki Murakami's book?
How was it?
My roommate is learning Chinese.
He goes to China in May.
I don't understand Chinese, but I want to learn.
The Japanese and Chinese pronunciation for kanji is very different, isn't it?
It's not spring yet.
This is also a good movie.
I rode my bicycle a lot today.
Luckily, it was warm this week.
I like spring.
I am studying kanji.
I want to be able to read Japanese.
It's difficult to read kanji.
I bought ingredients for curry on Sunday.
I made curry for the first time.
I included onions, carrots, and potatoes.
The potato was so hot that it burned my mouth.
I often ate curry in Japan.
I went to CoCo Ichiban every week.
The curry was very delicious.
There are many houses destroyed by the earthquake.
The Japan Meteorological Agency has revised the magnitude of the eastern Japan quake from 8.to 9.0, the largest recorded in world history.
It was announced that there is a high possibility of the fuel within the nuclear reactor of Nuclear Plant melting.
Even now, from time to time there are aftershocks happening.
It's pissing rain out there!
Since it's raining, I'd better go home.
I've no way of telling whether or not what he says is true.
I want you to commit seppuku.
Elephants are several times the size of mice.
The word "the" is optional in this sentence.
Many people were late for the concert.
Terrence has a hard time explaining his ideas to his coworkers, and his code is characteristically unreadable.
A tsunami is coming, so please be on the alert.
According to functionalist theory, acne outbreaks provide a necessary limit on the number of prom attendees.
Vera had to disassociate herself from her former best friends, who got into drugs.
Sexual abuse victims often disassociate from their trauma.
We have to move very carefully.
Try to disassociate all the confounding variables.
Anders disassociated himself from an increasingly corrupt board of directors.
Salmonella outbreaks blemished spinach importers' reputation for running clean factories.
She stayed inside during herpes outbreaks.
Chicken pox outbreaks have inspired many children's parties.
These streets see more and more outbreaks of vigilante violence.
The salesman claimed the windshield was unbreakable, testing it with a punch that went straight through it.
After a few dozen unrequited infatuations, Herb's heart became unbreakable.
An unbreakable walnut in Bern has taken several casualties: nutcrackers, teeth, and a hammer.
Ursula's outburst was rather unbusinesslike.
Hit me.
He is lost in the twentieth century.
All he cares about is his image.
I've boldfaced the articles that I found interesting.
We are looking for a place to stay.
We are searching for a place to stay.
It is not worth repairing this camera.
Is it possible to repair the washing machine?
I wonder what materials the garment is made of.
What time does the shop close?
I can only advise everyone to take three days and learn Toki Pona.
Would you know where there is a pharmacy that is open till late?
I think I should see a doctor.
Is there a mistake in the telephone number?
It is necessary to lose weight.
It's better to drink in moderation.
She looks happy, but deep down, she suffers.
Patience is not my fort.
Mr Yoshida was born in Yamagata prefecture, and graduated from Nihon University College of Art with a degree in oil painting.
Those whose sins are forgiven are deemed to be sinless that they may find the way to heaven.
Ikeda made several silly mistakes, and so he was told off by the department head.
As things are, not one person will be spared from eternal destruction.
There was a phone call from a 50-year old man who had been told he had a year left to live due to heart disease.
Mother Nature is generous.
Unfortunately the expensive automobile that I purchased last week has broken down.
Excuse me, could you please show me your driving licence?
You must turn left at the second traffic light.
Tell me the correct answer.
It is likely that nobody can accurately estimate the depth and breadth of this ravine.
Look, my house is not as dirty as yours.
Look, my pants are not as dirty as yours.
All he thinks about is himself.
Mary shut herself up in the room and closed all the windows.
I've been living in Kassel for two years and still haven't been to Herkules.
No, that's not right. You have to set  equal to .
I like to make the students work.
Neither he nor she wants to do the dishes, and so the two of them decided to eat out.
Teach me how it's done.
Teach me how to do it.
I really need to read all this.
She always believes me.
He used to drink beer.
She used to drink beer.
Thanks for having me.
If you keep eating like this your body will burst open.
"Why are you duct-taping that cheeseburger to the wall?" "It's a form of art."
Once, Christopher Columbus made a mistake. We say "once", of course, because he did this once and only once.
Who could melt that stone heart of yours?
Everything else is gravy.
Yesterday, we had a blast!
"A cat?" asked the old man.
What do you call llamas in flames? Llamas in flames call llamas in flames "llamas in flames."
The theater company's characterization of Anne Frank was very emotional, but tasteful.
The scientific method accounts for measurable uncertainties.
The project was plagued by uncertainties from the very beginning, and the team could not draw any decisive conclusions.
You'd better really love her; people are unchangeable.
When will the MCA take place?
Life is something we are fond of, and death is something we dislike. Things we are fond of bring happiness, and things we dislike bring sorrow. Only when sorrow and happiness do not lose their proper bounds is man able to combine his strength with the nature of Heaven and Earth, and thus to endure for a long time.
Last night, I recorded all the sounds I made while I was sleeping.
Downtown there were so many people that it was difficult to get around.
On weekdays there are enough parking spots free that you should be able to get one close to my apartment.
The reservation is already made.
His friends had told him a lot about that small hut, built roughly with metal parts and crumbling bricks.
This hut is a very special place.
Do you want a new world to live in, mirror of your deepest and most truthful desires?
He repeated the price to him.
All that's required is one injection and some electronic devices.
Is it really worth it?
He greeted the man, and came back home, to his normal, boring routine.
He was bored with his family.
He was bored with his wife, an excellent woman he didn't deserve.
He came home soon.
He finally decided to try.
He went back to the store.
The result was really satisfying.
He needs to forget about that woman and his children.
His own survival is more important now.
This process has a lot of inconveniences.
Look. My house is cleaner than yours.
That's his house.
Is it mere coincidence that "banality", when anagrammed, reads "Ban Italy"?
A carcase is not a box for a motorized vehicle.
I didn't think he would come.
He'd prefer not to eat that.
I'd rather not say.
I'd prefer not to say.
It's really unfortunate. You don't understand at all its essence.
I'd rather die than marry you!
How come are you still not sleeping?
He'd prefer to go on Friday.
Would you rather lie than make him angry?
I'd rather not sleep and finish reading this book.
I'd rather have no money but find love.
Yesterday I became a god, but found that a bit boring, so today I became a devil.
I'd rather skip school and play video games.
Japan? Did anything special happen there?
That is not art. That is a vagina with teeth.
What was it that he was looking for?
Smoking is prohibited on the train.
It is not necessarily true that what the teacher says is always correct.
The victims of the earthquake disaster are numerous.
Smoking is not permitted on the train.
Unfortunately, three days ago a magnitude 8.earthquake struck off the Pacific coast of Japan's Tohoku region.
There was a huge earthquake today, but thankfully everyone in the family is safe and well.
Learning a foreign language is truly interesting and enjoyable.
As humans age, their physical strength declines.
Last year, I sat for the Level NJapanese Language Proficiency Test examination.
I think that although the transportation system in Japan is convenient, the cost of living there is not very low.
Of one hundred warriors, ten came back uninjured; the rest died.
Hasn't Jim returned yet?
About that matter, how did it go?
There is a risk that it may become stormy.
You have a keen sense of direction.
Japan is situated in Asia.
This is not witchcraft.
The woman is drinking water now.
Why didn't you return?
I am not a witch.
Today, their efforts have paid off and they are in possession of conclusive evidence, an achievement which is indeed commendable.
When I asked him to return the money, he pretended that he didn't hear me.
I go hunting in my leisure time.
He lied to me. I cannot trust him any longer.
Perhaps the illness is cured through medical treatment.
Thereafter, he was gradually promoted until he became company president.
If I had to surrender, I'd rather choose death.
Both the old and young are guilty of sinning.
To the right of that office is the Tokyo Building.
Due to the catastrophe caused by the huge tsunami, damage was sustained by the nuclear reactor as well as explosions at the nuclear power plant.
I had my shoes shined.
It's a ten minute walk to the station.
It takes minutes to walk to the station.
Marco thinks he writes well.
It is difficult to determine the state and safety of the radiation leakage.
It is dreadful that a nuclear crisis has hit Japan.
Japan has had the experience of being hit by major earthquake disasters, since it is a country which has historically had many earthquakes.
Even the Chinese friends can't understand them.
Time is a tyrant!
It's good for your health.
Who commands time?
I missed you a lot.
Sit here, you'll feel better.
My mother feels better.
I studied three months in Beijing.
You must absolutely not lick the floor.
I can't see the words on the blackboard.
How do you cook an Italian omelette?
I want to eat an Italian omelette.
I want to eat a flapjack.
If the sentence is in the database, we'll obtain at once the translated version.
Tatoeba, why are you so addictive?
I have a yellow dream.
I kept still and said nothing.
He's a Parisian.
If this is not satisfied, we cannot say that the function is monotone increasing.
If this does not obtain, we cannot say that the function is monotone increasing.
Drop in on me in Paris one of these days.
Shanghai is referred to as the Paris of the East.
Safety is the most important thing.
Is the deal done?
An assertion isn't a proof.
Paris during the Indian summer is an earthly heaven.
He is a Hongkonger.
Tomorrow I don't want to come with you to see the soccer game, I want to go with Paolo to see a movie.
When do you want to go to the library?
I don't care about English, I can't even speak it.
Do I look beautiful in this dress?
In our class there are students.
In front of the university, there are some bookstores.
You can go from Washington to New York by train.
You can get from Washington to New York by train.
He told me that tomorrow he goes from Beijing to England by plane.
Your elder brother is doing his homework, you can only play!
Can I ask you a question?
Can I ask her a question?
Thus, this is an ad hoc solution - good in practice but theoretically weak.
I'm a poor student and I can't pay you.
My daughter loves jumping rope.
It cost me a thousand yen to get my bicycle fixed.
She got the ticket in vain.
How much beer people drink depends mostly on the weather.
It has been a long time since we visited that city.
This is the penultimate version of the paper.
The polka is from Poland, as is the polonaise.
Friends are like flowers in the garden of life.
That last sentence was posted on a sign in my grandparents' house.
I grew up looking at that particular sign.
It was carved from a piece of pine wood, cut and sanded into the shape of a heart.
My grandfather completed the woodwork and my grandmother finished the piece with paint.
If you don't make the promise, then I'll just stand by and watch.
It truly was such a simple saying.
However, it captivated me and I would stare often at it, as though there was a deeper message buried within.
Even though someone came, she still remained uneasy.
I've thought about you a lot.
I won a math debate.
The people were bruised and the cities were on their knees.
I've thought about you lot.
How do you eat a panini that was once a pizza?
When it's dark you can use a flashlight to see.
The Italian language dies a little every time an anglophone orders "a panini".
She's beautiful.
We'd like to rent a people carrier.
She's pretty.
The sign had significance, though.
Ever since I could remember, my grandfather has had a garden.
Hey! There's an American who speaks Uyghur here! Hurry up and get over here to inspect his computer!
Do you think that Spermophilus predators have night vision?
What singer do you prefer?
Do you know what he did?
Last night I wrote a letter.
I want the time and the health to finish my Icelandic textbook.
May I offer you a glass?
What percentage of all taxi drivers make unscrupulous detours, do you think?
Are you free tomorrow afternoon?
I more often go to Brussels than Paris.
Don't ever speak to me like that!
I use my VISA card.
Do you want to have sex with me tonight?
I went to find Wang.
How's the cold?
I have hiccups.
She told us that we must call a doctor immediately.
She poured me all of it without stopping.
It is typical of him to talk that way.
That will happen later.
Prices these days are extremely high.
She ardently waits for her husband's return.
It will probably rain.
The professor makes us clean the piece.
Some problems are expected on their expedition.
It is foolish that scientists tend to be pernickety.
Fixed prices in Japan are abnormally high.
Pardon me, would you explain to me the importance of this phrase?
What do you take me for?!
He is ready to join us under one condition.
For a long time, society was strongly hierarchical and unequal, primarily composed of peasants. The most backward, impoverished segment of the population, they were crushed by the weight of taxes, wars, and famines.
Why are you irritated?
I am worried about him.
When I speak, you be quiet and listen!
I would call my parents.
They water the fruit trees.
Thank you for your understanding.
Forget about the campaign. That kind of company policy is practically unchangeable.
Carl Linnaeus is famous for his early classifications of thousands of animals and plant species.
The upcoming fifth edition of the DSM proposes a new spectrum-based classification of autistic disorders.
This game design specialist classifies board games by the number of player pieces.
Pantone classifies thousands of colors with unique numerical identifiers.
The biologist classifies the newly found species in its own genus, whereas other taxonomists want to put it into an established genus.
Remote forest clearings turn out to be great places for raves.
Small clearings mark where villages once stood.
Clearness should be a guiding principle of every technical writer.
As I rowed out into the river, the clearness of the water astounded me.
His logic possesses astonishing clearness.
Martina fears emotional closeness.
This couple is the very picture of closeness.
Physical closeness made him feel threatened, so his girlfriend took things very, very slow.
The Irish jig and the French gigue differ in speed, microrhythmics, and German gender.
I want to be you.
Gina's sheer coldness attracted scads of men with low self-esteem.
Is the sky blue? Yes.
Is money needed?
The international community is issuing warnings regarding the nuclear threat in Japan.
When it comes to houses, Ike prefers Victorians over colonials.
Colonizing Mars is just starting to become a hot-button issue.
This outfit was typical of a colonist at that time.
Colonists often take a shine to indigenous women.
Where are the knives?
Where are the meters?
Why is she angry?
Why are they angry?
Let's try to convert German into a Romance language.
The Hungarian language is better than Esperanto.
Come on, set the tone.
It is high time you spilled the beans.
He jumped from one subject to another.
Come on, spit it out!
It is an endangered species.
We had to lessen the impact of the erratic supplies.
The alterglobalists denounce growing inequalities.
He is a stickler for principles.
The construction straddled two centuries.
Guilin's sceneries are the most beautiful ones under the heaven.
It's another ball of wax.
What kind of talk is this?!
It shrunk because I washed it.
What are these people doing?
I beg you.
Please, turn on the light!
Lignite is a fossil fuel.
As this is a cascade with multiple layers, it shouldn't be surprising that it's slow.
Let him remain without posterity!
It's just a stalking horse for raising taxes.
That's fortunate.
Oh yes! I will certainly come with you!
Misfortunes rarely come singly.
My thanks in advance for not opening the windows.
Please do not open the windows.
If you discover any problems on Tatoeba, you should go ahead and blame Sysko.
The road to Hell is paved with good intentions.
The earth centers on the sun.
I'm taking a shower right now.
A more robust approach is certainly possible.
I lost the watch which I bought the day before.
Rise and shine!
You had better tell me now.
Haven't you seen my birds?
I decided to leave my job at the end of the month.
I've decided to leave my work at the end of the month.
Learning Klingon will be of great use for his career as a businessman.
What is the capital of Haiti?
Which is the most populated continent in the world?
I love golf.
Adam met Eve, his wife.
This bike belongs to my younger brother.
The white poplar was uprooted.
Don't fight fire with fire.
Throw food at those who throw stones.
Come on, baby, fight my liar!
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday and holiday are the days of the week.
The vast majority of high school students I know can't read an unknown word and pronounce the letters in the right order, let alone pronounce it correctly or naturally.
The robot went out of control.
Jane is not as tall as Mary.
A few minutes of Stephen Fry will make any American apologize for his rhoticity.
I haven't used Anki in a week and now I have flashcards due.
Imogen of the Internet, having seen Flickr's entire photo collection, will never take the scenic route again.
Imogen of the Internet, in spite of her American nationality, opened a Mixi account just to show off her ironic purikura album.
Imogen of the Internet is translating the works of Shakespeare into her own secret language, which completely consists of animated GIFs from the 90s.
Imogen of the Internet has created a seminal classification of thirty distinct varieties of chatspeak, some now facing linguistic extinction.
This is what the law says.
I owe you a big one for getting me out of the jam.
She asked for my help.
He asked for my help.
Why do you suspect me?
Both roads lead to the station.
Don't make a mountain out of a molehill.
Shops are open from Monday to Saturday.
There used to be a lot of small creeks in old time Shanghai, which included Zhaojia Creek and Yangjing Creek, but they're all covered up nowadays.
New Russians, you say? Wonderful! That's just what we need!
My spoon is very large.
The exhibition has drawn much attention from the public.
Are you a yankee?
It reveals local executives' ambitions of bringing the region back to the top.
Thus, p is the case if and only if q is the case.
It was a fabulous show which brought us an endless delight.
Can I speak with the teacher?
Here, kitty kitty!
Come here, donkey!
Scatter, you chickens!
Scram, you cats!
Here, chicky chicky!
Scram, mutt!
Do you want a tray with that?
I am new here.
Americans call it the Vietnam War; the Vietnamese call it the American War.
If my brother would have been there, he would have known what to do.
I've just been mugged.
The 19th-century European colonization of Africa has left a lasting legacy all over the continent.
Some forensics researchers study the rate of insect colonization of carcasses.
Bacterial colonization of the intestine occurs after birth.
The girl seems to be rich.
Africanized bee colonization caused a panic in America in the 90s.
A linguistics student swallowed her own tongue after attempting the legendary glottal approximant.
Christopher Columbus once found the Holy Grail but threw it out because he didn't like the color.
The bandits stole the Holy Grail.
John doesn't give a shit about his clothes.
He's no more qualified than her for the job.
Europeans never colonized Ethiopia, but not for lack of trying.
His life is no bed of roses.
You're not much of a hero if you don't know how to make a good entrance.
When Spain colonized the Philippines, they were administrated by Mexico City. So it was Mexican Spanish, not Castilian Spanish, that influenced Tagalog.
My daughters are coloring all over the walls.
She was looking for the keys in her purse when he attacked her.
Let's find a solution that is acceptable to everyone.
They locked the apartment.
I turned off the tap.
Gossip that the diva had gotten married was spreading.
I'd like to cook chicken tonight.
The multinational corporation lowered the price of several products.
The cost of living hadn't gone down at all.
They asked us if we knew when the movie started.
She was supposed to be here at two o'clock sharp.
The plane was due to arrive at 2:p.m. but hasn't landed yet.
It was bound to happen and finally it did.
Carmine is a deep red food coloring obtained from an insect called the cochineal.
Coloring is one of Georgia's favorite hobbies, even at the ripe old age of 16.
Google shows a special colorless version of its logo to countries that have experienced recent tragedy.
You should go to the gym at least twice a week.
I should have let you know sooner.
Luigi thought he had a god-given right to everything.
Luigi thought everything was owed to him.
After the intersection, drive onto the highway.
They said she would enter a convent.
Install Linux!
A good password should be difficult to guess, but easy to remember.
The gentlemen at this table were naval commanders during the first Gulf War.
Cable boxes are more useful as places for cats to sleep than as entertainment machines.
It fascinates many that Prince William would marry a commoner.
The hunter caught the fox.
Please, leave it to me.
Commoners had no stake or interest in the constant fighting between nobles.
I have to know if it is true.
Tatoeba has reached eight hundred thousand sentences!
They couldn't judge me.
The doctor is fighting against the disease.
Trying to find happiness only makes you unhappy.
My name is Legion; for we are many.
The show Hoarders is one of the primary causes of armchair psychology in America.
Who's on duty today?
We suffered a lot of damage.
I like cracking sunflower seeds.
We must take protective measures against floods.
There will be a Force wind tomorrow.
They believe in Marxism and don't believe in religion.
In hopes of attaining superhuman powers, Christopher Columbus once stared at the sun for five minutes straight. It didn't work.
First, you must protect yourself.
People need to be aware of their differences, but also embrace their commonness.
Esperanto gives little festive hats to some of its Cs, Gs, Hs, Js, Ss, and U's.
Esperanto gives little festive hats to some of its cees, gees, aitches, jays, esses, and ues.
My bad!
My mistake!
Now that he's retired, Yves can look forward to a contented and placid life.
Does a Roman cat have a Roman meow?
If you speak Klingon, I won't understand.
Come, eat the fruits in the kitchen.
He forgot to bring his homework, so he got detention.
The Romans would never have had the chance to conquer the world if they had first been required to study Latin.
The coffee is only lukewarm.
To be honest, we came to capture you.
Yesterday at this time, we were at the movie theater.
I am right.
Do you go with us?
Mr. Watson, come here, I want to see you.
How to explain it?
The boy stated that he would give a bouquet of roses to the girl that he liked, talk with her, and invite her to have a coffee.
Mara looked at the starry sky, with a quarter moon that illuminated that autumn night.
I feel fortunate to have known you.
I would be bored if I had to count to five hundred twenty-four thousand three hundred seventy-two.
I love video games.
Eat the bread!
My house is very cold.
It would have been much better if the Spanish hadn't invaded Latin America.
Horror movies frighten me.
You're an overly optimistic girl.
If the child needs to eat, cook something healthy for him.
Do you feel like going out? Well you can't; you always have to stay here with the child.
If you want to have parties in my house, clean up everything afterwards, and don't break anything, or else pay for the damage.
If I heard a noise in the kitchen but was home alone, I would go to see what happened.
If I were abroad and I ran out of money, I would call my parents to ask for more.
If I saw a boy steal something in the supermarket, I would report him to the manager.
Filiberto has not shown a very brave character.
I, gay, view my heart.
Spread the word!
The Native Americans scalped their enemies.
I look down on you!
Yesterday my brother went to Fukushima to help the inhabitants. I'm afraid that the radiation will increase.
Who is next?
There is a fixed standard in the king's principles.
He is a teacher of the Italian language.
Flowers are yellow.
They are two flowers.
The book is red.
The dress is green.
The cat is under the table.
Are you afraid of death?
You are afraid of death.
She is afraid of death.
Are we afraid of death?
We're afraid of death.
They are afraid of death.
I am afraid of death.
He isn't afraid of death.
Is he afraid of death?
Is she afraid of death?
I'm not afraid of death.
She isn't afraid of death.
We aren't afraid of death.
They aren't afraid of death.
If it doesn't rain, let's go out.
Eh? We said we'd go to the park? I didn't realise.
Aren't we going out to the park today?
What's your impression of China?
My impression of America is very good.
What's your impression of that person like?
My impression of this government is that they need a more forceful economic policy, otherwise they'll encounter large problems in the future.
That day left a deep impression on me.
The staff in that restaurant gave us a very good impression.
What you said left a deep impression on me.
I find her very impressive.
He would like to know whether you play shah.
He would like to know whether you play chess.
They could only listen.
They failed both times.
They had driven wagons.
They had no money left.
They liked his message.
They made many charges.
They wanted protection.
They were so different.
Did they hear correctly?
They chased others away.
They had no place to go.
They were put in prison.
How much should they get?
They ate healthier foods.
They found no such proof.
They had different ideas.
They lost their property.
They were spending money.
They would call for help.
They would not surrender.
They refused to fight.
They are riding very fast.
They called him a traitor.
They called them traitors.
They created a government.
They did not work, either.
They felt he was too weak.
They felt sure of success.
They had voted for action.
They studied them closely.
They supported the Allies.
They wanted to earn money.
They were almost starving.
They called it mass murder.
They called them scalawags.
They heard it on the radio.
They knew how to make iron.
They refused to be drafted.
They remained in Tennessee.
They were conservative men.
They were ready for action.
They believed he was honest.
They even listened to music.
They had lost the Civil War.
They organized a state army.
They took food and clothing.
They turned against Germany.
They, too, were out of money.
They continued to push south.
They signed the peace treaty.
They stated their objections.
They stole horses and cattle.
They tried to swim to safety.
They wanted something better.
They were forced to withdraw.
They were too tired to fight.
They would have to move fast.
After a brief fight, they won.
They did not have enough gold.
They helped him get to Canada.
They made a list of the names.
They must remain face to face.
They needed jobs and training.
They refused to join the army.
They walked toward the bridge.
They believed there was a plot.
They could ride and shoot well.
They insulted him and his wife.
They liked what Jefferson said.
They pushed back the attackers.
They read newspapers and books.
They said the deal was foolish.
They said they would not fight.
They were completely surprised.
They were not speaking Spanish.
Were they being told the truth?
He said they were postponing it.
They could not get good housing.
They did not break apart easily.
They died trying to save others.
They felt that slavery was evil.
They found Rachel in great pain.
They made equally tough demands.
They quietly asked to be served.
They sent him to prison in 1925.
Usually, they did not stay long.
Early in July, they got the news.
They accepted the new government.
They called a special convention.
They cheered as his train passed.
They cheered the young Americans.
They competed all over the world.
They could not find work at home.
They did not expect an easy life.
They did not get a chance to try.
They did not have good equipment.
They expected the British to win.
They had been defeated in battle.
They had built roads and bridges.
They refused to think of leaving.
They told him he was sure to win.
They voted to create a committee.
They wanted to continue to fight.
They were in a hurry to get home.
In they reached a compromise.
They became tired of losing money.
They burned the captured supplies.
They dug through mud and wet clay.
They feared a threat to democracy.
They handed Anderson a short note.
They just wanted to be left alone.
They left the situation unsettled.
They said he had acted shamefully.
They said this was just temporary.
They were needed in South America.
They were tried in federal courts.
The commander said they would stay.
They also helped unite the country.
They arrived in the summer of 1847.
They built bigger and better ships.
They captured Rome in June of 1944.
They carried him to a nearby house.
They did not join unions or strike.
They sent the first man into space.
They wanted the war to end quickly.
They were having marriage problems.
He believed they were destroying it.
They accused him of being dishonest.
They agreed to stop using the buses.
They destroyed stores and factories.
They did not like it and were angry.
They did not try to change the land.
They formed a company to control it.
They refused to let the trains move.
They spoke many different languages.
They told him he was their prisoner.
They urged him to punish the rebels.
They urged them to buy the products.
They waited for the enemy to attack.
They were sure he would always fail.
They were weak and broken in spirit.
They would negotiate a peace treaty.
Within one day, they were in France.
They could not get there quickly.
They saw they had no choice.
They also promised religious freedom.
They refused to release the hostages.
They said it would lead to civil war.
They wanted jobs with the government.
They were angry about several things.
They were married in October of 1975.
They were playing a game of checkers.
They would stay there for the winter.
They also sold wood and wood products.
They called British supporters Tories.
They can communicate using hand signs.
They decided to launch a major attack.
They lived on farms or in small towns.
They no longer felt a need to protest.
They said storage costs were too high.
They saw little need for labor unions.
They started with five hundred wagons.
They were sure they could do it again.
They would not let him write anything.
They would support his financial plan.
They knew this would mean disaster.
They could not prove their charges.
Guards could hear everything they said.
The report said they were not at fault.
They accused President Johnson of being too soft.
They also refused to buy British goods.
They could make no money without trade.
They could not pay the money they owed.
They fought the measures in the courts.
They lost faith in the existing system.
They made many changes in the proposal.
They moved on Mexico City, the capital.
They surrendered their guns and horses.
They wanted to deal in gold and silver.
They had never been very successful.
In late November, they attacked Finland.
In less than one week, they surrendered.
They refused to accept the pay raise.
They also collected moon rocks and soil.
They believed they were in the majority.
They continued to export goods secretly.
They could not stop the southern attack.
They did not have time to search for it.
They hoped for even better days to come.
They marched quickly toward the capital.
They needed to trade with them for food.
They settled near the Connecticut River.
They used local wood to build the ships.
They were forced to return to the South.
They would not fight to free the slaves.
What they wanted was a man like himself.
They were forced to face the future.
From a distance, they shot at each other.
He said they should stay out of politics.
They called Greeley a fool and a traitor.
They called President Roosevelt a pirate.
They came from the middle of the country.
They captured Fort Sumter after two days.
They could not agree on some parts of it.
They left behind hundreds of wounded men.
They sent another message to King George.
They threatened and denounced each other.
They told jokes about some of his movies.
They wanted no further spread of slavery.
They wanted to keep southern states weak.
They were well-trained and well-supplied.
They used their guns to hit each other.
They believed it violated the laws of God.
They did not plan to break their promises.
They gathered at a farm in New York State.
They made temporary camps along the coast.
They needed money to pay for the supplies.
They refused to give up their way of life.
They said inspections should be increased.
They still supported him and his policies.
They were busy working for social reforms.
They worked on the message for three days.
In the end, they approved the proposal.
They accused him of being part of the plot.
They agreed to meet again the next morning.
They also raised animals for meat and milk.
They believed that it was a necessary evil.
They opposed any further spread of slavery.
They permitted each other to live in peace.
They promised to stop their demonstrations.
They said the situation was only temporary.
They set fire to houses and farm buildings.
They shot at the British from behind trees.
They stood calmly and listened to speeches.
They took no part in the social revolution.
They wanted the right to govern themselves.
They were members of the local governments.
They were only interested in selling books.
You know, I've never seen you with a guy before.
When they got close, they fired their guns.
They wanted to sign the agreement first.
By the end of June, they were ready to vote.
They sat at their campfires at night.
They debated other parts of the proposal.
They were freed to work for themselves.
They also demanded equal pay for equal work.
They arrested a man named Lee Harvey Oswald.
They asked Lincoln to make a victory speech.
They began using their power to become rich.
They crossed the partly-frozen Delaware River.
They cut down many trees to build the boats.
They did not support one group or the other.
They especially liked his plan to cut taxes.
They established official relations in 1979.
They felt their candidate would win in 1860.
They followed the buffalo across the plains.
They had accepted what was necessary to win.
They had two messages from their government.
They organized a temporary state government.
They reportedly gave the doctor false names.
They said Reagan seemed calm and thoughtful.
They said they only wanted to be left alone.
They were not at all like average Americans.
Union soldiers watched as they marched away.
They supported his right to speak freely.
In the evening, they would go to the theater.
Reports said they came close to a settlement.
They decided to leave extra food behind.
They expressed satisfaction with their lives.
They had little fuel for heating and cooking.
They have a right to their political beliefs.
They killed more than three thousand sailors.
They saw it as the brave act of a strong man.
They were not permitted to cross into Canada.
Doctors did everything they could to cure him.
In 1847, they declared themselves independent.
They tried to make each other look foolish.
There was little question how they would vote.
They also captured another farmer and his son.
They decided to leave the bullet where it was.
They did not demand better working conditions.
They had been thinking about it for some time.
They risked their lives on the dangerous trip.
They said he was the best writer in the group.
They tried to take control of the gold market.
They wanted to live in peace with the Indians.
They would capture as many people as possible.
They wanted to try new ways of living.
Most of the bodies were buried where they fell.
They went to Van Buren's house for dinner.
They did not want to support him on this issue.
They did the cooking and cleaning in the house.
They felt he had no chance to win the election.
They felt that some of his attacks were unjust.
They lived very well without working very hard.
They slept on public streets, buses, or trains.
They urged him not to go to war over the issue.
All the delegates knew they must discuss it.
They believed it might lead to trouble.
They failed to get the necessary votes.
They drove wagons and carried supplies.
They said he had a weak form of smallpox.
They asked for permission to arm their ships.
Then they divided his business among themselves.
They went to Alexander Hamilton for orders.
They felt a renewed love for their country.
They believed it might lead to war with Britain.
They captured the great Belgian port of Antwerp.
They carried the boats almost thirty kilometers.
They had to build bridges over the many streams.
They heard a speech written especially for them.
They held almost no power at the national level.
They quickly captured much of the Chinese coast.
They robbed stores and threatened public safety.
They said such a policy would lead to smuggling.
They traveled at night so no one would see them.
They would be killed if captured by the British.
Both men drew maps and pictures of what they saw.
Much of what they wrote about never happened.
He told his men they would attack the next night.
They were the nation's biggest business.
They jumped through a window into the river.
They were free to return to their homes.
They agreed to meet again in Baltimore, Maryland.
They blamed President Hoover for their situation.
They built fences to keep people and animals out.
They demanded an end to the flood of immigration.
They expected that Jefferson would be re-elected.
They had been away for two years and five months.
They immediately began arguing about many issues.
They met the crown princes of Sweden and Denmark.
They paid him to write a letter to the president.
They refused to treat him as a serious candidate.
They said he was too friendly with conservatives.
They said it would be seen as a sign of weakness.
They said it would make his blood pressure go up.
They said Mr. Wilson's condition had not changed.
They always did what Hamilton told them to do.
They had not fought for more than forty years.
He said they would never be able to work together.
They built a town in an area where two rivers met.
They burned bridges and pulled up railroad tracks.
They did not agree with all of Oglethorpe's ideas.
They did not want to get involved in the fighting.
They fought the Italians first in Egypt and Libya.
They found it easy to settle in the United States.
They had been without supplies for almost a month.
They had to find the strongest candidate possible.
They launched a series of major economic programs.
They left behind more than 2,dead and wounded.
They loaned money to companies to build railroads.
They marched northwest into the Shenandoah Valley.
They nominated Calvin Coolidge for vice president.
They thought the value of the dollar was too high.
They wanted to win the war, and win it right away.
They were afraid their way of life would soon end.
They were troubled deeply by the changes they saw.
They began to prepare for possible hostilities.
They said they were not afraid of smugglers.
They sold everything at extremely high prices.
They blamed him for failing to improve the economy.
They claimed that Harrison could not read or write.
They demanded that the Indians stay off their land.
They had fought well against a much stronger enemy.
They have the most direct effect on people's lives.
They said Anderson and his men must leave the fort.
They said he was still weak from a recent sickness.
They said his army was not strong enough to attack.
They said it was exactly what the president wanted.
They sang about the things that were close to them.
They wanted Hawaii to be part of the United States.
They wanted to stay out of international conflicts.
Two of his children had died when they were babies.
Debtors are people who cannot re-pay money they owe.
On November seventh, they reached the Pacific Ocean.
They had to promise to obey the laws of Mexico.
They attacked soldiers who were sent to arrest them.
They captured an American fort in northern Michigan.
They demanded more pay and safer working conditions.
They did not protest working long hours for low pay.
They experimented with new ideas and ways of living.
They feared that the dispute would hurt the economy.
They had a battle plan they were sure would succeed.
They had been working together for common interests.
They have the right and power to act on their ideas.
They hoped to sell the stocks at even higher prices.
They were important leaders who loved their country.
This meant they were too weak to cause more trouble.
They did not like the way he gave orders to everyone.
They were beginning to lose faith in their commander.
They were even more interested in his beautiful wife.
They were sure they had done the right thing.
They understood that war might come.
They had heard that he was a very honest man.
By the spring of 1778, they were ready to fight again.
He said they were responsible for the present problem.
He told the delegates what they already knew was true.
They called their new country the Republic of Liberia.
They could use their cars to drive to work in the city.
They did not like the way he threatened his opponents.
They did not want to give up their old ways of living.
They marched in a parade through the streets of Paris.
They seized him and took him to Fort Monroe, Virginia.
Young men left the family farms as soon as they could.
He said they were like a poorly-trained team of horses.
They shot down thirty-six enemy planes.
They pushed his body off the bridge and into the water.
They were able to live as they wanted in Massachusetts.
Americans liked what they heard from Franklin Roosevelt.
Lee knew they would attack with full force the next day.
Some said openly that they did not care who won the war.
They demanded severe punishment for the southern rebels.
They gave us all the food and fruit we could carry home.
They said it was a clear violation of international law.
They thought McKinley was wrong to take the Philippines.
Businessmen could not pay back money they owed the banks.
They felt that now was not the time to start a civil war.
They named Bill Clinton as their candidate for president.
They said he would not pay people the money he owed them.
They were forced to kill and eat several of their horses.
They would pay back the loans when they sold their crops.
They had just fought a war to end British rule.
They did not want to spend much time talking about it.
They had to promise to join the Roman Catholic Church.
There were no laws saying what they could or could not do.
They attacked a group of Frenchmen and killed ten of them.
They captured more than three hundred British trade ships.
They demanded a treaty that would punish Germany severely.
They could not get loans to keep their businesses open.
They knew the names of every leading actor and actress.
The guard thought they were joking until he saw their guns.
They urged close economic and diplomatic ties with Britain.
They wanted to ban slavery everywhere in the United States.
He said they wanted to fight until every black man was free.
They agreed to raise wages and to stop hiring children.
They worried about increased political tension in Asia.
They felt America's farmers were poorer than they should be.
They said use of force should be used only as a last choice.
They could hear the sounds of shots and exploding shells.
Many Americans still had money they had saved during the war.
They liked having more space for their children to play.
They said there was not enough time for a full investigation.
They wanted to oust the communist government of Fidel Castro.
They wanted to win the war quickly and return to normal life.
They worked each day from the time the sun rose until it set.
American generals believed they could win an easy victory.
They accused the president of not caring about the common man.
They asked Mrs. Lincoln where she wanted her husband buried.
They began to import liquor illegally to sell for high prices.
They knew they must fight together to defeat the common enemy.
They knocked on the door and said they had come to arrest him.
They said they would accept the committee's decision as final.
They say they cannot compete with low-priced foreign products.
They were low enough in cost so many Americans could buy them.
It's because of you that I'm a cripple!
Your CV has really impressed me.
Your rsum has really impressed me.
Young children cannot determine what is right and what is wrong.
She can assess investments very accurately.
Don't judge other people's traditional culture.
We should judge him according to his actions.
Where did he come from?
He did not want war.
He refused to do so.
He died two hours later.
He spoke of party unity.
He wanted to destroy it.
He was a big, heavy man.
He was a Roman Catholic.
He was a tall, thin man.
He was a trusted friend.
He was killed instantly.
What kind of man was he?
He also was very serious.
He began to be a problem.
He did not agree with it.
He got them to reject it.
He had few other friends.
He knew he could not win.
He lifted her to the bed.
He never stopped writing.
He said he did not do it.
He sent her a message.
He slowly raised the gun.
He visited China in 1998.
He wanted to be a farmer.
He was a forceful leader.
He was a poet and writer.
He was completely honest.
He was easily influenced.
He won the next election.
He asked for their advice.
He did not like to travel.
He died a few hours later.
He liked making decisions.
He seemed sure of himself.
He traveled west by train.
He was not a good speaker.
He was young and exciting.
He would never walk again.
He would seek re-election.
This time, he got results.
He, too, would visit China.
He accepted the nomination.
He also needs many workers.
He appeared in many movies.
He came from the Northeast.
He could get no more money.
He could not speak clearly.
He had to find another way.
He said he would cut taxes.
He saw the picture clearly.
He warned against violence.
He was not an abolitionist.
He was popular with voters.
He was seeking re-election.
He was sentenced to prison.
He would have to surrender.
Should he sign it into law?
When he was 18, he married.
He accepted gifts from them.
He attended many ceremonies.
He is tall and looks strong.
He left the box unprotected.
He lost control of his legs.
He shook thousands of hands.
He spoke to farmers in Iowa.
He suffered from rheumatism.
He was aiming a gun at them.
He was caught in the middle.
He worked for several hours.
He would die within a month.
He would have no part of it.
He would not give the order.
She was a former first lady.
He did not want another term.
He did poorly in his studies.
He got his chance to succeed.
He was an extremely able man.
He was not a good politician.
To the public, he was a hero.
Did he support her idea?
Doctors thought he had a cold.
He agreed to take the new job.
He became a successful lawyer.
He began his trip to the West.
He began to raise beef cattle.
