You should set your room in order.
I have finished cleaning my room.
You must clean your room.
Will you help me clean the room?
See that the windows in your room are fastened.
Is the room big enough for you?
Don't play catch in the room.
Don't make so much noise in the room.
Take off your hat in the room.
Don't run around in the room.
Don't run about wildly in the room.
There isn't a table in the room.
There is no furniture left in the room.
There were a desk and a chair in the room.
Come into the room.
There was no one in the room.
Please come into the room one by one.
There are desks in the room.
There was a large audience in the room.
All the furniture in the room was all worn out.
People in the room didn't say anything.
You could hear a pin drop in the room.
It was dark in the room.
It was dark and cold in the room.
There was a fine scent in the room.
Make your room tidy.
Please don't run about the room.
The light doesn't come on in my room.
He flipped the switch and threw the room into brightness.
The room is in immaculate order.
The room was in good order.
The room is covered with dust.
There was quiet in the room.
The room is very cold. The fire has gone out.
The room was in a state of neglect.
I found the book easily though it was dark in the room.
The room was full of smoke.
The room was so full of smoke that I could hardly breathe.
The room is full of flowers.
The room was pervaded with the scent of perfume.
The room was all messed up.
The room was in total disorder.
The room is cleaned by me.
The room was in complete darkness.
The room was so dark that we could see nothing at all.
The room was packed with people.
The room was anything but tidy.
The room was warm.
But my place is like a rabbit hutch.
The room was full of girls in white.
The room was as still as the grave.
The room was light enough for him to read the letter.
The room was kept warm for the guests.
I want you to put the room in order quickly.
Shall I clean the room?
Leave the room as it is.
Looking into the room, I found nobody there.
They adorned the room with flowers.
Could I see the room please?
Will you get me a room?
Close the door after you when you leave the room.
You are not to leave your room.
Leaving the room, he turned off the light.
Leaving the room, he bowed to me.
Be sure to turn off the light when you leave the room.
Turn off the lights when you leave the room.
When you leave the room, please make sure you turn off the lights.
Do not leave the lights on when you leave the room.
Please put the light out when you leave the room.
Be sure to turn out the light when you go out of the room.
Please turn out the light before leaving the room.
You must go out of the room.
Keep the room in good order.
Keep your room clean.
I had my room cleaned.
You have to clean your room.
Sweeping the room is my daughter's job.
Did you order the room to be swept?
Please change my room?
I'd like to change my room.
I went through the room into the garden.
Could I change rooms?
Clean up the room.
After the room was tidied up, she went out.
Does the price of the room include the service charges?
How much is the room charge?
The rent is very high.
The rent is high, otherwise the room is satisfactory.
Pay your rent in advance.
The rent is paid for six months.
Laughter filled the room.
Your room number, please?
He couldn't suffer the slightest disobedience in his men.
The men followed him.
No outsiders are allowed to enter.
I'm already used to invitations to participate in club activities.
The troop was altogether destroyed.
The supervisor bought a really fast machine.
The section chief was really livid. What did you do?
Mr. Brown is in charge of the business in the absence of the manager.
We'll have to organize the drinking party all over again as the section chief can't make it now.
The manager implied that a modest man was suitable for the position.
You shouldn't do partial-word searches, since they put a lot of strain on the server.
What movies just opened?
Will you please stick a 60-yen stamp on the envelope?
Stick another stamp on the envelope.
I have to put a stamp on the envelope.
Stick a stamp on the envelope.
I've written his address on the back of the envelope.
I need an envelope.
The wind died away.
There was a sudden calm as the wind dropped.
It is blowing very hard.
The wind was so strong that the windows rattled.
The wind is blowing very hard.
The wind grew stronger and stronger.
The wind is blowing hard now.
It's blowing hard.
The wind has died down.
The wind abated a little.
The wind fanned the flames.
The force of the wind made it difficult to walk.
The wind grew stronger.
It's OK as long as it doesn't get windy.
The wind blew too hard for them to play in the park.
The wind is blowing hard.
The wind was blowing violently, and to make matters worse, it began raining.
The wind has calmed down.
I think the wind's picking up.
The wind gently kissed the trees.
The wind is picking up.
The wind is blowing.
The moment the wind blew in, the candle went out.
The wind blew itself out.
The wind drifted the snow.
The wind is blowing on the grass.
The wind is blowing east.
The wind has fallen.
The wind blew her hat off.
The wind scattered the leaves about.
The wind has abated.
We had our roof blown off.
The wind blew the umbrella out of her hand.
The wind brought down a large number of trees.
Dust was blowing in the wind.
I had my hat blown off by the wind.
Read "Gone With The Wind".
The wind and tide impelled the ship to the shore.
A tattered flag which continues to flutter in the wind.
Look at the flowers trembling in the breeze.
The squirrel advanced against the strong wind.
The tree bent in the wind.
It's a windy day.
The wind ruffled the surface of the water.
Wind energy has been used to some extent in many countries.
The wind blew all day.
The wind blows wherever it pleases.
There was not a breath of air.
It's blowing very hard.
The wind blew hard.
The wind drifted the sand.
The wind gradually died down.
The wind carries seeds for great distances.
The wind is blowing from the west.
The wind is blowing from the east.
The wind blows south.
The wind blows against the sails.
The wind is blowing from the north.
The wind calmed down in the evening.
Although there was no wind blowing, the door opened of itself.
What with the wind and the rain, the game was spoiled.
Our walk was spoiled by the wind and the rain.
What with the wind and the rain, our trip was spoiled.
We braved the elements to walk to the station.
The scenery diverted the driver's attention from the road.
The weather vane points north.
The situation in now getting unfavorable.
A lot of colds are going around.
I have a cold in my chest, with coughing and a headache.
It took me a week to get over my cold.
It took me more than a month to get over my cold.
It took me a long time to get over my cold.
He took two tablets of aspirin to get rid of his cold.
I can't shake off my cold.
He is in bed with a touch of cold.
It's just a cold.
My head aches with a cold.
A cold dulled his taste.
Sleep is the best medicine for a cold.
Do you have some medicine good for a cold?
What is the best remedy for colds?
Don't catch a cold.
Do you have anything for a cold?
A cold confined him to his house.
How is your cold?
How's your cold?
Colds are contagious.
A cold often leads to all kinds of disease.
My voice has gone because of my cold.
If you have a cold, you should get plenty of rest.
I was absent from school because I had a cold.
Since I have a cold, I can't taste.
I've gone and caught a cold.
I've caught a cold.
I caught a cold, and I have a fever.
Put on your coat lest you should catch the cold.
You'd better be careful not to catch cold.
Take your sweater so that you may not catch cold.
Look out that you don't catch cold.
You should take care not to catch cold.
Please take care of yourself not to catch cold.
I hope you are not catching a cold.
Shut the window to prevent catching a cold.
When she catches a cold, she often develops bronchitis.
There is not any fear of catching cold.
I must have caught a cold.
I seem to have caught cold. I'm a little feverish.
Having a cold, I was absent from school.
My voice is hoarse from a cold.
I've caught a cold and my head hurts.
I am not myself, my usual self having caught a cold.
She put on a sweater so as not to catch cold.
Take lots of vitamin C to avoid catching cold.
Let's be careful not to catch a cold.
I'm afraid I'm coming down with a cold.
If you catch a cold, you cannot easily get rid of it.
I went out with my overcoat on for fear of catching cold.
My nose runs whenever I have a cold.
It took more than a month to get over my cold, but I'm OK now.
It took me more than a week to get over my cold.
It took me three weeks to get over the flu.
I am getting a cold.
I wore a coat lest I catch a cold.
I took three tablets of a cold medicine before going to bed.
The balloon went up in the sky.
The balloon was caught in the tree.
Up and up rose the balloon, until it was seen no more.
When we take the wind-chill factor into account, the temperature must have been lower than thirty degrees below zero centigrade.
Manners and customs vary greatly from country to country.
It was discovered that less than one child in a hundred had been inoculated against endemic disease.
As the bath is too hot, I will run some cold water into it.
Run hot water into the bath.
A hot bath made me feel much better.
He suddenly hit on a good idea while he was taking a bath.
When I was having a bath, a good idea came to me.
You had better take a bath to get warm.
Take a bath and then go to bed.
I have prepared your bath.
Does it have a bathroom?
Did you take a bath?
Keep down, or you'll be shot.
The aide suggested a change in tactics to him.
Is there any adverse reaction?
According to the vice president, the company has yet to receive a contract from a foreign company.
The Vice-President transmitted the message by radio.
The vice-president attended the ceremony on behalf of the president.
The Vice-President talked at the meeting in place of the President.
Easter is near at hand.
In revenge and in love woman is more barbarous than man is.
The broad river flows slowly.
How wide is it?
We would have a wide range of alternatives.
It was a perfect fit.
The choice of clothes has become conservative.
The costumes were red, pink, blue, and so forth.
Have you finished dressing?
Get dressed and come downstairs.
Change your clothes.
Put your clothes away.
Through obedience learn to command.
You should not judge a person by his clothes.
There are no special rules as regards what clothes we should wear.
She is behind the times when it comes to clothes.
Is there a dress code?
I got a camera in a lottery.
Fukuoka is very typical of the kind of town I like.
I would appreciate it if you could find time to see Mr Fukuoka, or to introduce him to one of your associates.
The importance of welfare cannot be over-emphasized.
I think welfare isn't enough to go around.
The artificial satellite launched at the cost of the welfare budget did not work properly.
Yukichi Fukuzawa introduced Western ideas into Japan.
Let's drop in on the Fukudas.
When angry, count ten; when very angry, a hundred.
An army travels on its stomach.
I'm so hungry, I ate it.
He said that he was hungry.
When angry, count to ten.
The hungry boys made for the restaurant.
He became irritated.
Let's talk turkey!
Let's put all the cards on the table.
The hungry baby did nothing but cry.
Don't lose your temper.
It never pays to lose your temper.
He often swears when he is angry.
Don't get angry.
It's natural that she should get angry.
In a fit of anger he said everything he wanted to say and went home.
The pain from the compound fracture was almost intolerable.
Do you know anything about complex carbohydrates?
We've run out of paper for the photocopier.
Weakness brought on by a number of respiratory ailments had forced him just last week to announce that he was giving up his conducting career.
Masked men held up the passengers and robbed them of their money.
I'd like to get a refund.
How do I get reimbursed?
For a refund, you must return the item unopened.
If I had money enough, I could pay you.
I'm not sure I can afford it.
Let me pick up the check.
Put some salt into the boiling water.
You can only go so far.
The article on Buddhism revived my passion for Oriental religions.
The article on Buddhism revived my interest in Oriental religions.
Is it difficult to act according to Buddhist principles?
Buddhism was introduced into Japan in 538.
Buddhism had its beginnings in India.
I see double.
Everything has its limit.
There is a time for all things.
You can get anything less expensive in bulk.
I gave it a try figuring that anything is worth a try. But putting together a program like this is something I'm no match for.
When it comes to making things, I'm all thumbs.
The sight memory organ is below the hypothalamus.
There is enough light to read by.
I fancy that I heard a noise.
I fancied that I heard a noise.
A noise woke her up.
Not a sound was heard.
With prices so high, I will do without a new suit this year.
It amazed us to hear that things were so cheap.
Prices have been climbing steadily.
It is said that prices are going to rise again.
Prices are about to go up again.
The prices will come down.
The prices have gone down.
Prices have jumped.
Many wives complain about high prices.
The price rose.
Prices are going up.
It is certain that prices will go up.
Prices are rising.
Prices keep on soaring.
Prices dropped suddenly.
The rise in prices is pressing our family budget.
Rising costs are fueling anxieties among consumers.
Prices are double what they were ten years ago.
Prices are double what they were two years ago.
Prices have risen steadily during the past decade.
Prices have been rising steadily.
The prices are going up higher and higher.
Prices are still on the rise.
Prices have climbed higher than Mount McKinley.
Prices ought to come down soon.
Prices will rise in course of time.
Far from falling, the prices of commodities went on rising.
Prices will continue as they are.
One in four consumers thinks that prices will continue to rise in the future.
Prices will continue to go up.
Prices showed a tendency of going up.
Prices go on rising.
Commodity prices were rising.
Prices continued to rise.
Prices are on the upward trend.
Prices are going up every day.
Prices have soared every year.
Several factors operated to help prices go up.
A committee was constituted to investigate prices.
The price index hit an all-time high.
He knows most who speaks least.
My poor dumb friend died this morning.
The action of the story takes place on an island.
How about the last part of the story?
The story got more and more exciting.
The story got more and more interesting.
The story drew to a conclusion.
His bearing announced him as a military man.
Goods are the great travelers over the earth's surface, far more than humans, which means that hardly an inhabited spot on the globe is untouched by trade.
I don't like a world where things change so slowly.
One must draw the line somewhere.
Look at the sunny side of things.
See things as they are.
Don't leave things half done.
Take things as they are.
Don't do things by halves.
I'm the type who likes to think things over very carefully.
In doing things, we cannot be too careful.
Try to do things for yourself.
You should try to see things from the practical point of view.
It's very difficult to put things in order.
One may as well not know a thing at all, as know it but imperfectly.
We can hardly settle things by theory alone.
When matter is changed chemically, chemical energy is given off.
The process by which substances are turned directly from a solid state into a gas is called sublimation.
Matter changes its form according to temperature.
Material standards of living were never higher.
It's the most beautiful night I've seen since I can remember.
Matter can exist as a solid, liquid, or gas.
I forgot to lock the storeroom.
I have become forgetful.
Physics be hanged!
Physics is my weak subject.
Physics is my favorite subject.
Which do you like better, physics or chemistry?
Physics is not easy to learn.
Physics is the basic physical science.
Physics can be defined as the science of matter, motion, and energy.
Students who want to major in physics ought to have a sufficient knowledge of mathematics.
You see?
You see? You must study a foreign language.
Do you hear me?
I know.
I got it, OK?
I know but I can't help it.
Ask me whenever you're in doubt.
Mark the words which you cannot understand.
Mark the words that you cannot understand.
Okay. Drive safely.
Do you follow?
He nodded when I asked if he understood.
Beats me.
We will contact you as soon as we know.
I think I understand.
We'd like to split it. Could you bring it to us on two plates?
Can I buy it on easy payment?
Based on my observation of the movement of particle D, I modify the system so that three possible exits exist.
In my analysis I rely considerably on the types of authoritarian behaviour first analyzed by Kurz.
You should try to live within your income.
A sensible person is one who uses good sense.
A man of sense would be ashamed to do so.
A sensible man wouldn't say such a thing in public.
A man of prudence wouldn't say such things.
Mix the flour with two eggs.
The bronze statue was broken into pieces.
There can be no human society without conflict.
The atmosphere was uncomfortable.
The atmosphere can become rather strained.
A sentence normally has a subject and a verb.
The first word of every sentence should be capitalized.
A capital letter is used at the beginning of a sentence.
Get the meaning of a word from its context.
The style is the man himself.
Sentences begin with a capital letter.
Culture destroys language.
Countries differ in culture.
Culture is handed down from generation to generation.
We have to consider the problem in the light of cultural differences.
A cultural heritage is handed down to posterity.
Our school festival was held last month.
The trade of critic, in literature, music, and the drama, is the most degraded of all.
Give a lecture on literature.
Literature reflects human activity as carried on by the best minds.
Literature teaches us about humanity.
Reading of literature nourishes the mind.
From a literary point of view, his work is a failure.
Reading literary criticism is very helpful to understanding literature.
If you have a complaint let me hear it. There's a difference between superficial obedience and honest loyalty you know.
Will you please use indelible ink so the phrase won't rub out?
Don't complain about that. You've asked for it.
Don't complain.
Don't complain. You have to go.
Stop complaining and do as you're told.
Complaining won't change anything.
Written words, carrier pigeons, the telegraph, and many other devices carried ideas faster and faster from man to man.
Literature flourishes best when it is half a trade and half an art.
You must begin a sentence with a capital letter.
Style is to the writer what color is to the painter.
Everyone likes Fumio because he is honest.
Grammar be hanged.
Your composition is correct, as far as grammar is concerned.
The basic principles of grammar are not so difficult.
There are grammatical principles involved.
I got the grammar lesson without difficulty.
Grammar, which I hate, is good for me.
You should try to produce grammatical sentences.
As civilization advances, poetry almost necessarily declines.
The more civilization advances, the more people long for nature.
The progress of civilization is very rapid.
Civilization is now threatened by nuclear war.
Scratch a Russian and find a Tartar.
According to what I heard, he went over to America to study biology.
From what I've heard, their marriage is on the rocks.
Don't believe everything you hear.
Listen to this!
In case you haven't noticed, I've been waiting for two hours.
You know what?
Heard melodies are sweet, but those unheard are sweeter.
Don't ask.
I need to hear it.
Want to know?
I'm all ears.
I hear he is somebody in his village.
Nothing is lost for asking.
Hear and see and be still.
The more I hear, the more interesting it becomes.
I can't hear it.
Do you read me?
I can't hear you.
Talk louder so that I may hear you.
The only sound to be heard was the ticking of the clock.
What is the population of Hyogo prefecture?
I go to Hyogo University.
I have got into Hyogo University.
All the soldiers stood side by side.
The soldiers' mission was to destroy the bridge.
The soldiers were animated by the song.
Soldiers are used to danger.
The soldiers proceeded to the frontier with caution.
The soldiers were told never to surrender.
The soldiers were marching with their swords shining.
The soldiers ached for their homeland.
The soldiers were ready to die for their country.
The soldiers retreated from their positions.
The soldiers are ready for battle.
The soldiers were marking time.
The soldiers resisted the enemy attack.
The soldiers were making for the enemy camp.
The soldiers got to the foot of the hill before dawn.
The soldiers' food supply is running out.
A soldier often has to confront danger.
The soldier aimed his gun at the man.
All the soldiers were gallant.
The soldier groaned with pain.
The soldier took shelter in the foxhole.
The soldier saved his friend at the cost of his own life.
The soldiers were ordered to make an attack.
The soldiers advanced toward the town.
Soldiers bear arms.
Soldiers must carry out their orders.
The soldiers narrowly escaped death.
The troops refused to obey the command.
The soldiers headed for the frontier with caution.
The soldiers were on the alert.
The soldiers lost the courage to fight.
The soldiers have erected a peace monument.
The soldiers were guarding the bridge.
Soldiers barred the way to the city.
The soldiers seized food from the people they conquered.
The soldier kept a sharp lookout in the darkness.
The soldiers were all supplied with a map of the place.
Hillary rested the ladder against the wall.
Don't throw a ball against the wall.
Don't climb up the wall.
There was broken glass on top of the wall.
Take the pan off the fire.
Flat land has no mountains or hills.
Written as it is in plain English, this book is useful to beginners.
Written in plain English, the book is suitable for beginners.
Written in plain English, this book is easy to read.
Try to write in plain English.
I can swim on my front but not on my back.
You'll be OK.
On an average, I go to the movies twice a month.
On an average how many miles do you walk a day?
The average temperature has gone up.
Get yourself astride the balance beam.
She is almost as intelligent as an average human child.
The average length is seven hours and forty-five minutes, not much different from what a lot of humans need.
Slide down the hill while distributing your weight equally on both skis.
Mr Hirayama teaches very well.
Mr Hirayama is a very good teacher.
Business as usual.
You will lose your position if you don't keep your temper.
Thank you very much for patronizing our store for a long time.
Equality is guaranteed by the Constitution.
It seems less crowded during the week.
You have to pay 10,yen extra on holidays.
My temperature is normal.
Mr Hirano is looked up to as an excellent engineer.
The waterways ramify across the plain.
Nothing but peace can save the world.
They had a long talk in an atmosphere of peace and freedom.
There is no one but longs for peace and security.
Who doesn't hope for peace and security?
They are moving from the peaceful hills and the countryside to the busy world of streets and crowds.
Happy is a man who lives in peace and content.
The obverse of peace is war.
Peace is of great importance.
Peace will come to us in time.
Nothing is as important as peace.
How much we still have to pay for peace is a riddle.
There is no man but desires peace.
There is no one but desires peace.
The peace talks begin this week.
She got her feet wet teaching while she was in the Peace Corps.
Thank you for your interest in our company.
I hope this letter interests you and look forward to your reply.
Our engineers compared this information with similar products being sold in Japan and concluded that they might compete very well.
Enclosed is our company profile.
Allow us to describe our products and our business operations.
We specialize in the import of machinery parts.
Don't speak out of line.
Wait in line, please.
A fly does not fly into a shut mouth.
The meeting was closed.
The price of rice rose by more than three percent.
A poor rice harvest will get us into real trouble.
Production of rice has decreased.
The price of rice rose by three percent.
The price of rice has come down.
The price of rice is going up again.
Rice is sold by the kilogram.
Rice is the chief crop in this area.
Rice will find a ready market there.
Rice is one of those staple commodities.
Rice is grown in many parts of the world.
Rice grows in warm climates.
Rice grows in warm countries.
Rice prices are regulated by the government.
NASA says three of space missions that carried generators similar to Galileo's ended in accidents.
They charge tax on liquor in the U.S.
Many races live together in the United States.
I have been corresponding with a pen pal in the USA for a year.
Many American parents encourage their sons to play football to keep them away from drugs.
The people of America fought for their independence.
The affluence of the United States is often contrasted with the poverty of undeveloped countries.
The United States is typical of the democratic countries.
The United States is abundant in natural resources.
The United States of America is a democratic country.
Steering wheels of American cars are on the left side.
Friction between the Americans and the British mounted.
Americans are said to regard the amount of money a man makes as a criterion of his ability.
The U.S. Government made an attempt to open Japan's doors.
Throughout the United State large numbers of young people enter college every year.
The President of the United States is now in Japan.
In a fight against speculators who are dumping the U.S. currency, central banks of major countries have carried out massive concerted interventions in the market.
The Federal Reserve slashed interest rates.
The Fed is trying to stave off a run on the banks.
The rice crop is large this year.
The rice crop is poor this year.
The paint was coming off the wall.
The walls supported the entire weight of the roof.
The wall gave way in the earthquake.
There are many paintings on the wall.
On the wall there was a big picture of Sir Anthony at the piano.
The walls were hung with some pictures.
A portrait was hung on the wall.
There is a Picasso on the wall.
The wall was coated with paint.
There is a portrait of Bob on the wall.
His shadow on the wall looked sad.
There are some pictures on the wall.
There is a picture on the wall.
The picture on the wall was painted by Picasso.
There is a clock on the wall.
Walls have ears, shouji have eyes.
Up against the wall!
We tried to make out the letters written on the wall.
There is a map on the wall.
There were a hat and a coat on the wall.
The ballerinas around the walls are stretching their legs and feet so their muscles will not become stiff.
His eye fell on the picture on the wall.
The color of the wall clashes with that of the floor.
Look at the map on the wall carefully.
Look at the notice on the wall.
The wall was made of rough stones.
The walls are hidden by ivy.
Must I repaint the wall?
The fence fell with a great crash.
The wall is white within and green without.
The wall was covered with graffiti.
The man painting the wall is my father.
As soon as you get the wall painted, you can go home.
We're going to paint the wall.
The service charge is extra.
I am not alluding to any person in particular.
There is no need to be frightened. He won't harm you.
I am not insisting on it. If you don't like it, just don't take it.
Show me another camera.
I just bought another sweater. Now I have 21!
Would you bring me another one, please?
Would you please show me another one?
Could you show me another one, please?
Please show me another.
Can I get you another one?
Let me buy you another one.
Approach the problem from a different angle.
It may help to look at the problem from another angle.
Show me another bag.
Could you make it another time?
I hope that I will be able to help you at some other time.
Give me a rain-check.
Wait for a second chance.
On another plan there was the prediction of a new age.
Let me put it in another way.
I've found another job.
Show me another watch.
Please show me another example.
They will lay another scheme.
In another paragraph, he put in a comma.
If only I had married another man.
I wish I'd married another man.
He is on another phone.
Could you suggest an alternative date?
Could you exchange it with another one?
Let's think out another way.
I have another engagement.
Give me another example.
Show me another example.
I can still see my mother's face.
It was time to part, but still the couple clung together.
The annex is on the north of the original building.
I have enclosed your order form.
His cottage is on the coast.
Please bill us separately.
Could you wrap this separately, please?
It is useless to reason with a bigot.
We shouldn't have any prejudice.
I have a migraine.
That's strange.
You should have your head examined.
That's weird.
Hearing a strange noise, he jumped out of bed.
I hear a strange sound.
I feel strange about it.
A strange fish is on the hook.
A strange man came up to me and asked for money.
A strange man trespassed on my property.
You're wearing an odd cap, aren't you?
Strange my foot!
Is everything OK?
I'm the black sheep of the family.
Quick to adapt to changing circumstances.
They like variety; they don't like to stay in just one place.
I was bored with the monotony of daily life.
You changed it?
There were many who couldn't recognize him in that disguise.
If you disguise yourself, they won't be able to tell.
There's a lot of mess to clear up.
An odd shoe was left on the doorstep.
We have five fingers on each hand.
One book is thin, and the other is thick.
Dust got into one of my eyes.
The editor and the publisher were present at the party.
Editors often go to extremes in providing their readers with unimportant facts.
Editors would expect them to be typewritten.
The editor glanced over the manuscript.
The editor and publisher is my cousin.
There was no one about.
It was quiet all around.
Can I change the date of return?
I want a refund.
Not having got a reply, May wrote to Bill again.
Since I didn't receive a reply, I wrote to her again.
Not having received a reply, he wrote to her again.
I'm sorry for the delay in responding.
I'm sorry I didn't get back to you sooner. I've been snowed under at work lately.
Talk to me!
Can't think of an answer?
No answer is also an answer.
It doesn't matter whether you answer or not.
I've been upset not having written you a reply.
My father told me to write an answer and post it at once.
I appreciate that you have not had time to write.
The answer was yes.
No merchandise can be returned.
Please credit my account for the returned item.
I have watery stools.
As she hasn't written to me, I don't know what time she will arrive.
No news is good news. If you haven't heard from your son it's because he's doing well.
Keep in touch.
It's your duty to care for your parents regardless of the inconvenience.
I am constipated.
Flight number is JL123, on August for Tokyo.
Some people are anxious to invent convenient things.
Want me to show you a really useful hidden command?
I need some writing paper.
She is intense in her study.
Don't distract me from studying.
You are not to speak to him while he is studying.
If you don't study, you will fail the exam.
It is no use going to school if you are not going to study.
Study!
It remains to be seen whether or not going to America to study is good for me.
It is a student's business to study.
Whenever you study, use your dictionary to best effect.
When I study, I listen to music with earphones.
We need a lot of patience when we study.
Don't study.
It is your duty to study.
It is the role of a student to study.
It's a student's business to study.
Study or don't--it's up to you.
Work while you work, play while you play.
I don't feel like studying.
You will succeed in the long run by studying.
It is hard to be successful at both study and club activities.
Effort is essential to studying.
Maybe you are working too hard.
The academically talented students helped others in the classroom.
I watched television during a break in my studies.
What subjects do you like the best?
Study will do you good.
You should study in an efficient manner.
My studies are going okay.
Is the school work hard?
Work and play are both necessary to health.
Both work and play are important.
In return for helping you with your studies, I'd like to ask a small favor of you.
Please go on with your study.
Don't distract me while I am studying.
It is no use excusing yourself.
What the lawyer had told me finally turned out to be false.
The lawyer drew up my will.
Can the lawyer see me on Friday?
The lawyers argued the case for hours.
It is important that a lawyer should leave no stone unturned even on minor points and harp on the same subject to achieve a break through in an impasse.
Why don't you consult a lawyer?
I'll let you know my decision after I have consulted my solicitor.
You should have consulted your lawyer.
She decided to take legal advice.
The lawyer brought up new evidence.
The lawyer has many clients.
The lawyer was expecting Ben.
The lawyer believed in his client's innocence.
The lawyer recommended his client to take legal action.
The lawyer spoke convincingly on behalf of his client.
The lawyer insisted on the client's innocence.
The lawyer determined his course of action.
Lawyers make mega bucks when they win cases.
The lawyer asked the judge to make allowance for the age of the accused.
The lawyer explained the new law to us.
The lawyer doubted his innocence.
The lawyer insisted on his innocence.
The lawyer was expecting him.
The attorney has strong evidence that she is innocent.
Could you find me an attorney?
I'd like to replace it.
Speech is silver, silence is golden.
You don't need to carry lunch with you.
Share your lunch with your brother.
There's no point starting a shop selling take-away lunches; there are already plenty.
I congratulate you on winning first prize in the speech contest.
The sheriff established order in the town.
The sheriff beat the suspect until he was almost dead.
How much is it including insurance and tax?
What's the name of your insurance company?
Insure it, please.
Could I write down your name, address and phone number, for the insurance company?
The insurance company will compensate her for the loss.
Could you make out a certificate of health?
I'm sorry, Doctor. I lost my health insurance certificate.
Let me see your health insurance certificate.
The policy number of my insurance is PC-two-three-five-seven.
How much is the premium?
Let's bypass the protection circuit.
A conservative is not always a reactionary.
Conservative people always tell us to act within our station.
We guarantee our products for one year.
Got it!
He's like an eel.
The fowler's pipe sounds sweet till the bird is caught.
The prisoners were set free.
The slaughter of the prisoners was a barbarous act.
It's fifteen minutes on foot.
They'll walk there in half an hour.
Is it close enough to walk there?
It's a short walk.
How long does it take on foot?
I was played out with walking.
I would walk, except it's too hot.
You can walk, or alternatively, I'll drive you there in my car.
I walked to school.
Are you going on foot or by bus?
Some went on foot, and others by bicycle.
Shall we walk or drive?
Why don't we go to the bookstore on foot?
All this walking is killing the soles of my feet and my toes. I wonder if I have the right size shoes.
I read a book as I walked.
Do not read while walking.
Let's talk as we go along.
Shall we walk or take the bus?
Shall we walk?
I am tired with walking.
He is walking very slowly.
Walking is a good exercise.
Is it too far to walk?
To walk is a healthy form of exercise.
I prefer riding to walking.
When I try to walk, I get an awful pain here.
Keep an eye on your bag while walking.
The sentry demanded the password from everyone.
Clear the sidewalk of the bicycles.
One shouldn't ride a bicycle on the pavement.
I found a coin on the sidewalk.
There was a sunshade over the sidewalk.
The sidewalk was covered with fallen leaves.
Walk on the pavement.
The supplies will give out soon.
The amount donated still falls short of the goal.
She struggles for her living.
How is your life?
To be badly off makes life hard to bear.
Many people are better off than they used to be.
Some people are well off and others are badly off.
Mother cleared away the table.
I live with my mother, brother and my grandparents.
A mother rabbit keeps her babies warm with her own body.
My mother has been sick for two days.
I don't know when my mother will come back.
In the absence of her mother, she looks after her sister.
Mother is making tea for us.
I hear from my mother once in a while.
Mother gets up earliest in my family.
You'll be scolded when your mother comes home.
After my mother died suddenly, my father looked after me all by himself.
I put away the report card in the drawer for fear that Mother should see it.
We enjoyed the dinner my mother prepared.
My mother has been dead these ten years.
My mother taught me how to make osechi.
My mother will make me a birthday cake.
It was only after years that my mother told me the truth.
Recollect my mother holding me tight.
My mother made me what I am today.
Mother told me to come home early, but I was late.
My mother sent me a birthday present.
Mother made us cheese sandwiches for lunch.
Her eyes shone with joy when she saw that her mother was not mad at her.
She wished her mother would not be mad at her.
Mother sent us grapes packed in a box.
My mother being ill, I looked after her.
My mother being ill, I couldn't go to the concert.
My mother being ill, I stayed home from school.
Because my mother was ill, I could not go there.
My mother's illness prevented me from attending the meeting.
Mother suddenly got sick and we sent for a doctor.
I will leave home when my mother comes back.
Mother tells me not to study so hard.
My mother says she doesn't find rock appealing.
Mother is preparing lunch.
Mother removed mud from his shoes.
Only my mother really understands me.
The number of women who become mothers is small.
Unlike her mother, she is tall.
Mother and I are different in every way.
Mother and I were in the garden.
I had my mother mend this sweater.
I will choose them for my mother.
My mother has four brothers.
I make a point of writing to my mother once a month.
I'm looking for a present for my mother. Do you have anything in mind?
I am looking for a present for my mother.
I write to my mother once a month.
I'm dying to see my mother.
I only go to church out of duty to my mother.
I sometimes do the dishes for my mother.
Maternal love is the greatest thing.
Maternal love is greater than anything else.
Nothing is as great as maternal love.
My mother was not feeling any better. If anything, she looked worse.
The sight of his mother Instantly enlivened the child.
The death of my mother left a big blank in my life.
It was not difficult to pretend to be my mother.
I am worried about my mother's health.
I'll be back in time for my mother's birthday.
I gave my mother carnations on Mother's Day.
Do you know what flower to buy on Mother's Day?
We celebrate Mother's Day in honor of our mothers.
Mother's illness kept her at home yesterday.
The image of my mother is on my mind.
It fell upon me to take care of my mother.
My mother always says, "You only have to study hard now."
My mum is about to take a bath.
Mom was at a loss about what to do with the mess.
The mother extended her hand to her baby, smiling brightly.
My mother is carefree, cheerful and good-natured.
My mother cannot drive a car at all.
Mother made me clean the bathroom.
Mother looked up from her paper and saw me.
Mother is having trouble making ends meet.
Mother bought a beautiful doll for her.
My mother gave me a pair of gloves of her own making.
My mother woke me up saying "It's a quarter past seven".
My mother left home ten minutes ago.
My mother takes a bath every other day.
Mother tied up three pencils with a piece of string.
I was not a good mother.
My mother always wears a kimono at home.
My mother is not always at home.
My mother is always finding fault with me.
My mother is always poking her nose into my private life.
My mother does not always get up early.
Mother always gets up early in the morning.
My mother is always on the go.
When will Mother come home?
Mother likes tea, while I like coffee.
My mother gave me what I wanted for lunch.
My mother used to be into tennis.
My mother was once a champion swimmer.
My mother believes in Christianity.
My mother made me a Christmas cake.
Mother divided the cake into eight pieces.
My mother is making a cake.
Mother divided the cake into three parts.
My mother cut the cake.
Mother likes to go out in this coat.
My mother hasn't slept in days due to her illness.
My mother bought me two pairs of pants last Sunday.
Mother has been sick since last Thursday.
My mother forgot to add salt to the salad.
My mother wrapped the sandwiches in paper.
Mother put a bandage on Jim's cut.
My mother tasted the soup and added a little more salt.
My mother never gets up early.
My mother didn't mention it.
Mother was surprised at the news.
My mother tasted the milk.
Mother carved us the chicken.
Mother has a good opinion of the writer.
Mom did not mention it.
My mother was happy about the news, and so was I.
My mother grew pale on hearing the news.
My mother attempted to reconcile the couple.
Mother mentioned that it was about time to prepare supper.
My mother had no choice but to part with her diamond ring.
My mother did nothing but weep.
Mother has just gone out shopping.
My mother likes tulips very much and so does my sister.
Mother has just gone shopping.
The mother signed to Alice to follow her.
My mother finally approved of our plan.
Mother went shopping at the department store.
Mother insists that we should be home by seven in the evening.
My mother finally has given in to my views.
My mother cooked the potatoes very well.
My mother is seriously ill.
Mother cut the cheese with a knife.
My mother told me why my father was so angry with me.
Mother closed her purse with a snap.
Mother bought a loaf of bread.
Mother went to town to get some bread.
My mother is sick with a bad cold.
My mother put clean sheets on the bed.
Mother asked the babysitter to watch the children.
Mother has not cooked dinner yet.
My mother is still working in the kitchen.
My mother can't read without glasses.
My mother was up late last night.
My mother speaks slowly.
Mother often makes me go shopping at the supermarket.
Mother often got angry with us.
I found my mother busy ironing out some shirts.
Mother frowns upon us eating between meals.
Mother is never impatient with us.
My mother insists that I should not go out after dark.
My mother spends a lot of money on clothes.
My mother lives by herself.
Mother is busy cooking and washing all day long.
Mother took the clothes off the line in anticipation of rain.
My mother has a driver's license, but she doesn't drive a car.
Mom didn't look calm enough.
Her mother must have smelled something fishy.
My mother thinks of everything in terms of money.
My mother doesn't like the heat of summer.
Mother is busy keeping house.
Mother is the busiest in my family.
My mother is out.
Mother objects to smoking cigars.
Mother has a coffee shop.
Mother went to a lot of trouble to prepare dinner for our guests.
My mother was in tears.
My mother does her usual shopping on her way home from work.
Mother went shopping with my brother.
Mother will never approve of my marriage.
Mother comes to stay with us at least once a month.
Mother goes to the hospital in the morning.
Mother is now involved in tennis.
My mother will be expecting me at any moment.
My mother is writing a letter now.
My mother is in the hospital now.
My mother has been in the hospital until recently.
My mother went shopping downtown yesterday.
My mother is reading a magazine.
The mother divided the money among her children.
Mother was anxious about the children.
Mother has gone to the market.
My mother objected to my working part time.
Mother suggested that I write her at once.
My mother didn't let me wear a miniskirt.
My mother permitted me to go to the movies.
Mother allowed me to go abroad.
Mother thought of nothing but my coming home.
My mother objected to my going to the Middle East.
Mother asked us why we had done that.
Mother bought us a puppy.
Mother prepared us lunch.
My mother worked hard in order to rear us.
My mother told me not to be noisy.
Mother told me to put away the dishes.
My mother made me a cute skirt.
Mother made me a sweater.
Mother told me not to waste the money.
My mother prepared me for the bad news.
Mother bought me the book.
Mother often keeps me from watching TV.
My mother told me not to go out.
Mother is calling me home.
Mother told me to behave myself.
Mother told me to mow the lawn.
Mother left some of the food for me.
My mother asked me to set the table.
My mother made me a new dress.
My mother bought me a new dress.
Mother bought me a new bicycle.
Mother made me a new suit.
Mother made me a pure white dress.
Mother made a doll for me.
Mother made me a fine dress.
Mother prepared lunch for me.
My mother made me a white dress.
Mother told me to clean the room.
Mother charged me to clear the room.
My mother made me study.
Mother always tells me not to sit up late at night.
My mother made me take some medicine.
Mother told Father about me.
My mother got after me for my sloppiness.
Mother approved my plan.
Mother is anxious for my happiness.
Mother is anxious about my future.
Mother noted that my feet were not clean.
My mother took my temperature.
My mother baked a cake for my birthday.
My mother put thirteen candles on my birthday cake.
My mother cut my hair too short.
Mother applied the medicine to the sore on my knee.
My mother doesn't like my room being untidy.
My mother anticipates all my desires.
Mother made me a doctor.
Mother often said that she was proud of me.
My mother took me to the park.
Mother has made me what I am.
I have just been to Sapporo Station to see my mother off.
My mother often bakes apple pies for us.
My mother visits the dentist's every other day to get her teeth fixed.
My mother advised me to see the dentist.
My mother blacked out on seeing the scene of the accident.
My mother never drives for fear of causing an accident.
My mother often said that time is money.
My mother can't ride a bicycle.
My mother has sold everything that is dear to her.
My mother cannot drive a car.
My mother disliked caterpillars, not to mention snakes.
When my mother was young, she was very beautiful.
My mother wrote to me and asked after my health.
My mother hates writing letters.
My mother bakes bread and cookies on weekends.
My mother made up her face before she went out.
Mom applied the plaster to the cut.
My mother looks after the plants well.
Mom spread the table.
Mother set the table for dinner.
I talked to my heart's content.
Mother made a new piece of clothing.
My mother gave me a pearl necklace.
My mother made a complete recovery from neuralgia.
Mother busied herself with sewing.
My mother has been learning French for several years.
My mother teaches flower arranging.
My mother attached herself to a cooperative society.
The mother kissed her baby on the lips.
My mother has been sick since last month.
Mother has been sick in bed since the end of last month.
Last week my mother came down with the flu.
My mother is an early riser.
Mother hummed to herself as she went about her cooking in the kitchen.
My mother is busy in the kitchen.
Mother is in the kitchen.
My mother said that she was all right.
Mother was very busy most of the time.
Mother placed a large vase on the shelf.
Mother gets up earlier than anybody else in my family.
My mother is to meet with my homeroom teacher tomorrow.
My mother disapproves of too much exercise right after lunch.
Mother is getting breakfast ready.
My mother is busy planting flowers in the garden.
Mother transplanted the flowers to the garden.
Mother bought my brother a yellow umbrella.
My mother lives a lonely life in the country.
My mother must be angry.
Mother has old-fashioned ideas.
Mother bakes cookies on Sundays.
Mother looks young for her age.
My mother went shopping, didn't she?
Mother has gone shopping.
Mother is busy cooking the dinner.
Mother told him to look after his younger brother.
My mother excused his mistake.
My mother brought him to my room.
My mother said it with a smile.
My mother has gone to the beauty shop.
My mother is always very cheerful in spite of poor health.
Mother is making him a cake.
My mother is loved by my father.
Mother is two years older than Father.
My mother is laid up with a cold.
My mother caught a cold and couldn't smell.
My mother acquired her knowledge of English in the United States.
My mother stopped her sewing and picked up her book.
My mother is occupied with the sewing.
Mother was too busy to see me go out.
The mother seemed busy cooking.
Mother was busily cooking; in the meantime, I was just watching TV.
Mother gives my sister two thousand yen every month.
Mother calculated her monthly expenses.
Mother gets up earliest every morning.
Mother stays at home every day.
Mother goes to market every day.
Mother washes every day.
Mother taught me how to make miso soup.
Mom was innocent enough to ask him: "Would you like any more beer?"
The mother told her daughter to put those toys away.
Mother looked at me with tears in her eyes.
My mother gazed at me fondly.
Mother is setting dinner ready.
Mother laid the table for dinner.
Mother was busy getting ready for dinner.
Mother is preparing supper.
Mother is preparing dinner.
Mother boiled ten eggs.
My mother has borne her sorrow admirably.
Mother is away from home.
Mother stood arms akimbo.
My mother cooks well.
My mother bought a refrigerator and had it delivered.
Seeing her mother, the girl burst into tears.
My maternal grandmother persists in wearing that old-fashioned dress.
You cannot learn too much about your own language.
Mother and child are both doing well.
His mother is in attendance on him.
With his mother out of the way, Duke was able to proceed with his plan to embezzle the money from the company.
Just because a mother happens to be beautiful it does not necessarily follow that her daughter will grow up to be the same.
Her mother knocked on the door.
His mother was right.
There are many children whose mothers go out to work.
The girl whose mother is ill is absent today.
When her mother came, she pretended to be studying.
Mothers should keep their children from playing in the streets.
Thanks to my mother's help, I was able to buy a mountain bike.
Despair was written on the mother's face.
It is sad to have to part with my mother's old furniture.
Her mother's death was a blow to the little girl.
He could not but cry, when he heard about his mother's death.
The mother elephant bathes her baby in the river.
The mother's voice fetched her child.
She inherited her mother's blue eyes.
A mother's advice would outweigh a friend's.
We were shocked by the intensity of our mother's anger.
The mother missed her daughter who was away at college.
The mother greatly missed her daughter, who was away at college.
Mother bought two bottles of orange juice.
The mother hugged the child to her bosom.
The mother was shocked and was at once all sympathy.
Tom's mother worries about his cough.
The mother was practically worn out.
The mother lay beside her baby on the bed.
His mother sat up all night waiting for her son.
Mothers often pamper their children.
The mother took her child in her arms.
The mother was quieting her crying baby.
His mother was a school teacher.
A mother must protect her child's teeth from decay.
The mother told the children to be quiet.
The mother put the children to bed.
A mother is responsible for the conduct of her children.
The mother is leading her child by the hand.
Mother will show off her children.
The mother takes pride in her daughter's typing skill.
The mother kissed her baby.
The mother is dancing her baby on her knee.
The mother laid her baby on the bed.
A mother tends to hold her baby on the left.
The mother clasped her baby to her breast.
The mother folded her baby in her arms.
The mother will not be at ease until she hears of her son's safe arrival.
The mother whipped sense into her boy.
The mother tried to reason with her son.
His mother tried to cultivate her son's interest in art.
The mother was embarrassed at her son's bad manners.
The mother pulled her son to his feet.
Her mother took her to task for being late for supper.
Her mother is not aware of her illness.
Mothers are often not appreciated.
The mother rubbed the sick child's back.
My mother was busy cooking the dinner.
Mothers starved themselves to feed their children.
The mother bird brought worms for her young ones.
I'd like to breast-feed my baby.
I'm breast-feeding my baby.
The mother cat went out hunting birds.
Please undo the package.
Help me lift the package.
You don't have to wrap it up.
Packaging can actually prevent certain kinds of waste.
Apply a bandage.
He cleansed the wound before putting on a bandage.
Don't forget to bring kitchen utensils such as knives and cooking pots.
She stared at the man in silent astonishment.
According to the report, he is alive.
I can give you a copy of the report, but I can't vouch for its accuracy.
The report must be based on the facts.
The reporter elaborated on the method of his investigation.
Several of the reports were missing.
I look forward to your comments on the report.
What was their reaction to the report?
The report is being prepared by the committee.
The report checks with the facts in every detail.
I went over the report.
Have you sent in your report?
The reward is dependent on your success.
The pay was good, and that was their only motivation to participate in the study.
Let's split the reward fifty-fifty.
He was too proud to accept any reward.
The freedom of the press should not be interfered with.
The press always has something on the incumbent.
The spokesman explained the blueprint of the scheme to the press.
The spokesman explained the contents of the treaty to the press.
Threats of retaliation are blocking negotiations.
Where the treasure is hidden is still a mystery.
I won the lottery.
If I win the lottery, I'll be able to live high on the hog.
You may as well burn your money as spend it on lottery tickets.
We paid customs on jewels.
The jewel was found in an unlikely place.
The jeweler mounted a big pearl in the brooch.
Did you see the show at Takarazuka?
The treasure was buried on the island.
Let me go. You're choking me.
What do you do after school?
Could you help us after school?
Let's talk over the plan after school.
Will you play tennis after school?
After school, I go to an English school to practice English conversation.
I talked to him after class.
I am very busy practicing after school.
Many children stay after school for club activities.
We will play soccer after school.
School being over, there were only a small number of pupils in the playground.
Let's play tennis after school.
We have extracurricular activities after school.
It is fun playing football after school.
A trouble arose after school.
Let's play baseball after school.
Are you free after school?
Let's play basketball after school.
After school we play baseball with our classmates.
The radioactivity leaked out of the nuclear power plant.
Do you ever listen to English programs on the air?
I will wait for you in front of the radio station.
I lead a fast way of living.
The vagabond, when rich, is called a tourist.
I'm sorry I've mistaken the direction.
The policy fluctuated between two opinions.
The law is not always fair.
It is our duty to obey the law.
All men are equal under the law.
Respect for law is fundamental to our society.
The objective of law is justice.
The law should not be violated.
People who break the law are punished.
You'll be punished if you break the law.
You are not to break the law.
The bill will never go through.
This bill is safe to pass.
The bill was passed after a hard fight in the House.
The bill passed both Houses.
Lobbyists for the bill funneled bribes into a campaign fund.
The pope appeared in his red robe.
Not every student studying law can be a lawyer.
He got a job at the Law Library.
The court found him guilty.
The court judged the case.
The court adjudged that the will was valid.
The court judged him guilty.
The court acquitted him of the charge of murder.
The court sentenced him to death.
The court will sit next week.
The trial lawyers couldn't get past the Mafia leader's stonewalling tactics.
The law was changed.
The more laws, the more offenders.
The law prohibits minors from smoking.
The law is useless if it's too watered down.
We should obey the law.
The law obliges us to send our children to school.
To obey the laws is everyone's duty.
To obey the law is everyone's duty.
A loophole in the law allowed him to escape prosecution.
From the standpoint of the law, he is free.
Legal changes threaten online sales in digital commerce.
The law says that all men are equal.
The laws oblige all citizens to pay taxes.
You must observe the law.
We must abide by the law.
It is very important to keep the law.
Ignorance of the law excuses no man.
I went to the lawyer for legal help.
Legal services will be provided by lawyers and other experts to be appointed by the government.
In legal documents, difficult words and phrases are often used.
In legal terms, children are called "issue."
Much legal language is obscure to a layman.
The Horyuji is the oldest wooden building in the world.
The foam vanished in an instant.
The gunfire was getting worse, so we ran down to our cellar.
When it comes to sewing, she is all thumbs.
Sewing is manual work.
Yoshio persisted in believing that in spite of the evidence.
A bee is buzzing.
A swarm of bees attacked us without mercy.
I got a bee sting.
Bee stings can be very painful.
Bees fly from flower to flower.
Too much praise will turn her head.
You had better make sure that he is at home before you call on him.
It is very courteous of you to call on me.
After a short visit he suddenly got up and took his leave.
The visitor was none other than the principal.
When I call on you, I'll let you know in advance.
The visitors are to come on the 18th and leave on the 20th.
All the visitors returned home one after another.
Visitors are welcome.
Visitors are usually asked to remove their shoes before they enter a Japanese house.
The visitor left a message with his sister.
It is a pity that some people starve to death even in the midst of plenty.
How to distribute abundance is a great problem.
It seems that the rich part of humanity doesn't care much for the problems of the poor part.
In an affluent society most people have a high standard of living.
Yutaka has two elder brothers.
The good harvest brought down the price of rice.
How long does it take to go to the Toshima Ward Office?
Kunihiko hit the target with his first shot.
We had to put up with Kunio's poor table manners because he refused to change.
Our party will resist to the bitter end.
Every time I see that picture of my late mother, I feel a lump in my throat.
His heart bled for his lost friend.
By gift of the late Mr Smith the hospital received 3,dollars.
Onlookers see most of the game.
They are cutting loose.
One of the visitors cried out to obstruct the proceedings.
Where is your mother, boy?
The hat got wet and went limp.
My hat blew off.
The boy fanned himself with his hat.
Leave your hat and overcoat in the hall.
When you enter the classroom, you should take off your cap.
Put your hat on.
Remove your hat.
I hung my hat on the peg.
Take off your cap.
Hang your hat on the hook.
Please stop playing with your hat.
An unforgettable event occurred.
Don't forget to mail this letter.
Don't forget to return the book to the library.
Don't fail to lock the door.
Don't forget to fasten your safety belts.
Be sure to bring rain gear.
Do not forget to meet me at the station.
Remember to meet me at the station.
Bring an umbrella without forgetting.
Please remember to mail my letter.
Don't forget to count me in.
Don't forget to add me in.
I must remember to mail the letter.
Please don't forget to post the letters.
Don't forget to count how many people attend.
Don't forget to sign your name.
Don't forget to call me.
Don't forget to pick me up at o'clock tomorrow.
Remember to post the letters tomorrow.
Be sure and call me tonight.
I am disgusted with myself for my short memory.
I wrote down her address so that I wouldn't forget it.
Do it right now, before you forget.
Write it down before you forget it.
Before I forget, I will tell you.
You should write it down before you forget it.
I must write down his address before I forget it.
Write down his phone number before you forget.
Don't forget to post this letter.
I wrote down his phone number lest I should forget it.
Make a note of it in order not to forget it.
Remind me that the meeting is on Monday.
I wrote his name down for fear I should forget it.
He wrote it down lest he should forget it.
I wrote down her address so as not to forget it.
Write down the name in case you forget it.
I have forgotten. But you can see that for yourself when you take off his hat.
Please put down my address in case you forget it.
Do you have everything?
Saying you can't do the job because you're too busy is just a cop out.
As I am busy, I cannot go.
I'm so busy I can't attend the party.
The busiest men find the most time.
The busy bee has no time for sorrow.
I didn't answer your letter, because I was busy.
Busy as she was, she came to see me.
I don't want to intrude on them if they're busy.
Staying busy and crazy!!
I've got no time for that now.
We're too busy to attend to such detail.
I am tied up at the office.
I'm tied up at the office.
Are you too busy to drop me a line?
I'm too busy to have time to enjoy myself.
Please come around someday when you aren't busy.
Why don't you go fishing with us this weekend if you aren't busy?
I was too busy to write you.
A ruffian's pistol went off.
The tyrant's heart melted with compassion.
The rioters were forcibly removed from the plaza.
There was only one warden on duty when the riot started.
The riot was put down.
Rumor of a riot was in the air.
His analysis of the causes of the uprising was correct.
The rebellion was soon put down.
The riot got out of hand.
The riot was completely out of control.
He instigated the riot.
Troops were swiftly called in to put down the riot.
The house was carried away by strong winds.
We had our house blown down by the storm.
The storm prevented our plane from taking off.
The storm raged in all its fury.
The storm was accompanied with thunder.
Work on the road was suspended because of the storm.
Don't resort to violence.
Violence is the cancer of our society.
We must do away with violence.
It is up to the government to take action on violence.
The gang leader made all the members toe the line, keeping control through fear.
The gangsters extorted a vast sum of money from the rich man.
The gang was planning a robbery.
Spying on gangsters was a dangerous venture.
Violent crime spread into the suburbs.
There remains nothing to be desired.
It is not good wishing.
It was identified by telescope as a torch.
Seen through a telescope, the planets take on a completely new appearance.
Throw a stick and watch the dog fetch it.
Trade increased the country's wealth.
The activity of foreign trade has been declining of late.
Trade helps nations develop.
Foreign trade consists of a two-way flow of commodities-export and import.
The trade negotiations are still up in the air.
The trade balance registered a surplus of $billion, with exports reaching $billion and imports $billion.
Trade barriers were lifted after the war ended.
We must deliberate seriously on trade deficit.
Trading partners are leaning on Japan to clarify its trade policy.
The trade imbalance bulks large in our minds.
The defenders put up a stout resistance.
The instinct of self-defense is inherent in any animal.
Their defense came apart.
Don't be afraid of barking dogs.
What is the highest mountain in North America?
In North America, business operates on "the customer is always right" principle.
It is quite common in North America for homes to have a one or two-car garage.
In North America it is against the law to fail to fasten your seatbelt.
There was a cold wind blowing from the north.
In the north, there's Scotland; in the south, England; in the west, Wales; and further west, Northern Ireland.
In the north it is cold in winter.
If you face north, the east is on your right.
Winter comes earlier in North Europe.
Oil has been discovered under the North Sea.
It is not always cold in Hokkaido.
It will be snowing in Hokkaido now.
They get a great deal of snow in Hokkaido.
In Hokkaido, they make horses of straw.
My cousin in Hokkaido is a good skier.
I've never been to Hokkaido.
There are a lot of places to see in Hokkaido.
There are a lot of long and straight roads in Hokkaido.
A trip to Hokkaido is not a trip to Hokkaido unless you try the seafood.
As soon as I get to Hokkaido, I'll drop you a line.
Part of Hokkaido still remains in its natural state.
The streets of Hokkaido are very wide.
Many farmers in Hokkaido grow potatoes.
The earthquake in Hokkaido caused extensive damage.
The streets in Hokkaido are wide.
Hokkaido is very far, isn't it?
It snows a lot in Hokkaido, doesn't it?
Did you enjoy staying in Hokkaido?
Hokkaido is very cold compared with Kyushu.
It may be snowing in Hokkaido.
Hokkaido is to the north of Sendai.
Hokkaido lies in the north of Japan.
Hokkaido is in the north of Japan.
Hokkaido is to the north of Honshu.
I'm going to climb Mt. Kitadake.
Take a moment to imagine what the polar bear's environment is like.
To survive, the polar bear must keep its body at the right temperature and store enough energy to last between meals that could be a few days or a few months apart.
The polar bear, which lives on the polar ice-cap, will lose its home and die out.
The Arctic is the area round the North Pole.
To reach the North Pole is not easy.
You can find the Big Dipper easily.
The land to the northeast was low-lying.
There are colossal mountains in the north.
The north wind held on all day.
A north wind blows, obviously off the icebergs.
In North America when a person shrugs his shoulders it means "I don't know".
Somebody up there loves me.
I am keen on tennis.
I'm as hungry as a horse.
I'm afraid my greatest talent is for eating.
What if I say "no"?
Don't let go of the rope till I tell you.
Keep an eye on the baby while I am away.
Just because I'm a wolf, everyone thinks I'm the bad guy.
I'll pay the bill.
I rushed to Grannie's house and it wasn't locked, so I went inside.
It was impossible for me to answer this question.
How about my showing you around the town?
I wrote this book.
It was difficult for me to become a starting player.
Don't worry. I'll stay with you.
I'll do the shooting.
When I turned the screw, water burst out.
I will.
I'll admit I'm wrong.
It's not my fault.
I'll hide and you find me. OK?
He hung up before I could say anything.
When I get home, someone will be cleaning the garage.
He pleaded for me when I made a blunder.
If I were you, I would not have said such nonsense.
If I were you, I would propose to her.
I wouldn't bet on that horse if I were you.
This is what I can do for you.
I'll take over your job.
Were I in your position, I shouldn't know what to do.
I'll take back all I said.
Stay where you are until I give you a sign.
You've come up in the world since the last time I saw you.
I'll cover for you.
I'm right.
This is what I have been looking for.
She agreed to my plan after I had given a little.
Everyone I know speaks well of her.
I wagered him a dollar that I'd sell more magazines than he would.
You say I should know him quite well, but as a matter of fact, I was introduced to him only last week.
I will go to encourage him.
It's been three months since I met her.
I'll take care of the bill.
He wasn't at home when I called on him.
I'll see to it.
Every time I fall in love, Dad tells me the girl is my half sister.
Only I could answer the question correctly.
Do you remember the day when we met first?
Deal us the cards.
As soon as we get the answer, we'll phone you.
Our class consists of boys.
Our school beat Keio at baseball.
Our teacher really stands on ceremony, doesn't she?
I am hoping to put an end to our unhappy relationship.
Don't interrupt our conversation.
Don't cut in while we're talking.
We were only just in time for the last train.
We gave the car a push.
We had a birthday party for the old lady.
We played chess not so much to enjoy the game as just to kill time.
We hurried so as not to be late for the concert.
We found it difficult to enter the disco.
We took a good place to see the parade.
We're already high up in the sky.
We sat in the nose-bleed-section and could barely see the game.
We're longing for the summer vacation.
We saw a strange object in the sky.
We really painted the town red last night.
We go out together every weekend.
We dined at our uncle's.
We are staying at our uncle's.
We cannot decide whether to go to college or not.
We walked round the pond.
We pigged out on pizza and chicken at lunchtime.
We sat down and hashed out all the details until we reached an agreement.
We are not always at home on Sundays.
We often played chess after school.
We were going to play baseball.
If I were you, I wouldn't do so.
I wouldn't have the cheek to say such a thing.
If I were you, I would wait and see.
I'm a bit of a reader myself.
I was not born yesterday.
I'm so proud to know that she's mine.
I'm the type who gets nervous in front of people, so I'm bad at speech making.
Have you made up your mind to come with me?
The girl I went to the movies with is a friend of mine.
Please don't compare me with my brother.
Will you exchange seats with me?
My brother and I like the same food.
She and I are classmates.
I'd get a soup plate and then slide the glass very carefully over to the edge of the table, and let the water run into the soup plate - it doesn't have to run onto the floor.
Save me some ice cream.
Who are you to talk to me like that?
You're the apple of my eye.
I can't understand this business.
That just doesn't make sense to me.
I have a lot of problems to solve.
I feel the cold very much.
I cannot understand what you say.
I have one big brother and two little sisters.
I could not afford to buy a bicycle.
I can not afford to keep a car.
I have a natural ability in mathematics.
I have no one to turn to for advice.
I have many abilities.
Tom can hang tough, I am sure.
Please make a milkshake for me.
No one knows my broken dream.
Why don't you come to the movies with me?
He degraded himself by telling me lies.
Can you give me a house?
It's no use asking me for money.
Tell me the truth.
Leave it to me.
If you don't believe me, go and see it for yourself.
My grandfather usually eats breakfast at six.
Please fix my toy.
My doctor told me to stay at home for a week.
Oh, would you catch the phone for me, please?
No other girl in my class is prettier than Linda.
There is a Tanaka in my class, too.
She's my classmate.
Don't interfere in my affairs.
Don't stand by me.
Where's my box of chocolates?
My cassette tape recorder needs fixing.
My bike is not anything like yours.
My car's in the shop.
I can't find my pen.
What have you done with my pen?
My boss is a slave driver.
What did you do with my glasses? They were here a minute ago.
Whatever I have is yours.
Don't find fault with me.
How my poor heart aches!
My apartment is near here.
My house looks toward the sea.
My briefcase was nowhere to be found.
My dream is to become a very strong mahjong player.
My hometown is adjacent to the ocean.
My shoes are bigger than yours.
Do you know my brother Masao?
I have gone astray somewhere in my calculation.
My dog is smaller than yours is.
The way I see it, he is right.
Do you know what I mean?
Please listen carefully to what I have to say.
My opinion differs from yours.
My behavior put him out of humor.
My act incurred a blame.
Don't tell on me.
My rusty Ford broke down, obstructing the intersection.
My sister hit the jackpot!
Do you love me?
Do you know where my watch is?
Where is my watch?
My watch keeps good time.
Don't laugh at my failure.
My method displayed a different spirit.
Would you please take my picture?
You may use my car at any time.
Leave my car alone.
My car is broken and it's in the shop now.
You won't find my weak point.
My hobby is collecting old coins.
My hobby is reading comics.
My income is twice as large as yours is.
May I leave my homework here?
I have been dealt four aces.
My jacket is made differently from yours.
Look at my new car.
I have a feeling that something is lacking in my life.
You can't run my life.
Can you hear I'm calling?
I'd like you to see my collection of stamps.
My predecessors had asked their questions of nature with genuine curiosity and awaited her reply.
Two boys stood in front of me.
Walk ahead of me.
I am not responsible to you for my blunder.
That isn't what I'm looking for.
I hope you'll come to my birthday party.
If you follow my advice, you will have no trouble.
My immediate boss is tough to please.
The trees in my garden are putting out leaves.
My hair has grown too long.
My girlfriend has gone to Canada.
My flight was canceled and I can't leave until tomorrow.
My father is, so to speak, a walking dictionary.
My father has no longer a responsible position.
When my father was offered a golden handshake, he took it.
The afternoon sun comes directly into my room.
That's not what I heard. I heard he's patching everything up with his wife.
I was relieved that I could make my broken English understood.
My mother is good at cooking.
Fetch me my hat.
Did you mention my book?
It was your child who tore my book to pieces.
My name is Yatarou.
I'm sure about his name.
I only have eyes for you - honestly.
Everything went black.
My friends were so boozed up that I had to drive them home.
All of my friends like soccer.
If anyone calls me up while I'm away, tell them I'll be back by five.
Please put my room in order while I am out.
I'm not tired at all.
I could read between the lines.
I tried this and that, blending yellow with white powders and obtaining brown, mixing crystals with powders and getting dust, combining liquids with solids and making mud.
I'm much less likely to win her favors than you are.
I've seen a couple of Kurosawa's films.
I am supposed to meet him at four.
I was taken to a circus for the first time.
I consider him to be an excellent teacher.
I asked her to wait a minute.
I offered to help her with her homework.
I prefer travelling by train to flying.
I trusted him with all the money I had.
I have not been able to go to school for a week.
I can not do without this dictionary even for a single day.
I brush my teeth twice a day.
I took Highway 58.
I can't leave work until five.
I get up at six.
I am to meet her on Platform 8.
I gave her my word I would be back home by nine.
I like a GP01Fb better than a GP02.
I take sides with you.
I don't like the atmosphere of that school.
I have got acquainted with them.
I can't play tennis very much.
I feel fine.
I can't even read Italian, let alone write it.
I go by Itch.
I go to bed at ten as a rule.
I'm always looking at you.
I always photograph badly.
I was being taught to cheat.
I have exhausted my energy.
Oh, I didn't like the ending.
I visited my grandmother's house.
I fell asleep before my father came home.
I plan to go skiing with my girlfriend.
I have three cameras.
I am fond of playing the guitar.
I am fond of Cathy.
I meet him at the club.
I gave the bag back to Ken.
I'm not keen on this kind of music.
I haven't seen him for about three years.
I've been going steady with her for three years.
I've wanted this CD player for a long time.
I would like to have this camera.
I'm sick of conferences these days.
I am looking forward to walking around the Izu Peninsula with some of my friends during summer vacation.
I have decided to carry on the work.
I haven't got time to deal with this letter. Could you deal with it?
I am a man of absolute sincerity.
I like this color as well.
I borrowed the book from this library.
I am going to make him a serious offer.
I'm off cigarettes for good.
I don't like to take on any more work.
I can't walk any further.
I saw a marvelous animal act at the circus.
I had to pay dollars in addition.
I thought hard.
I am often in difficulties.
I frequently correspond with her.
I will just hang around here for a while.
I run as fast as Jim.
I like jazz.
I'm going to change my shirt.
I am always leaving my umbrella on the train.
I called Susan to apologize to her, but she hung up on me.
I am thinking of resigning at once.
I started last in the race.
I want more of the steak.
I'm bad at sports.
I went there times without number.
I had intended to go there.
I was enchanted by the performance of the group.
I took a fancy to the singer.
I learned nothing from the teacher.
I have nothing to complain of the conclusion.
I have nothing to do with the matter.
I had never seen so much money.
I was attracted to the girl.
I was amazed at the boy's intelligence.
I agreed to the proposal.
I agree with him on that point.
I gave the poor boy what little money I had with me.
I spent two hours solving the problem.
I cannot silently overlook this problem.
It goes against the grain with me.
I think that it's true.
I know better than to do a thing like that.
I teamed up with Brendon for the doubles tournament.
I just want to glance at the paper.
I ran as fast as possible, but I was not in time for the last train.
I made an awful mistake in the test.
I don't care for television very much.
I prefer listening to the radio to watching television.
I remember locking the door.
I turned the doorknob.
I'm so happy.
I am very dangerous.
I'm as tall as Tom.
I want to make friends with Nancy.
How foolish I am!
I went down to the sports office to sign up for the last position on the basketball team, but somebody else beat me to it.
I like to play basketball.
I go to school by bus.
I had my pocket picked in the bus.
I can play the piano, he thought.
I got it into my head to go there by myself.
Suddenly, my feet stopped.
I felt much more relaxed.
I haven't read the final page of the novel yet.
I have never eaten a mango before.
I still don't wish to see the Styx.
I haven't been able to remember her address.
It gave me quite a shock.
I got along with everybody.
I walked in a contrary direction to everyone else.
I am completely accustomed to this kind of work now.
I can wait no longer.
I'm getting sick of hearing you complain.
I've got to go now.
I have to go now.
I'm fed up with math.
I'm a country boy now.
It's all up with me.
An experiment, I would learn much later, when studying the philosophy of science, had to arise from a real dissatisfaction with existing knowledge.
Mary gave me the ax last night.
I often go to the bookstore.
I am often mistaken for my brother.
I put the lighter out.
I'm thinking of matching you against Yoshida in the race.
I'm fed up with eating in restaurants.
I got up while it was still dark.
I felt after the switch in the dark.
I heard an unusual sound.
I want to be a doctor.
I've got to take my library books back before January 25th.
I gave up smoking a year ago.
Lady luck is smiling on me, and I'll be fine.
I feel more comfortable behind the wheel.
I have to prepare for the test in English.
I've got the devil's own luck in everything.
I've been searching for my puppy for weeks.
I stayed at my uncle's during the summer.
I felt the house shake a little. Didn't you?
I'll stay home.
I don't know what to do with my leisure.
I carried on singing.
I'm patient.
I took to her the moment I met her.
I have got higher grades.
I like vocal music better than instrumental music.
I have a sweet-tooth.
I'm wrong, am I not?
I like instrumental music.
I am nervous in a sense.
I like putting machines together.
I heaved myself up.
I am determined to make a living as a playwright.
I suddenly became very sad.
I made a long journey last year.
I contended against falsehood.
I'm too excited to eat anything.
I took the shortcut back to the woods, locked my shelter, and opened the basket.
I work not so much for money as for the work itself.
I hit on a spa.
I love you all the more for your faults.
I wish I were as smart as you are.
I don't quite agree with you.
I have bought the same camera as you have.
I can swim as well as you.
I caught up with you.
I am afraid I'll be a burden to you.
I am thinking of nothing but you.
I'm not satisfied with what you've done.
I'm your flatmate Paul.
I agree with you absolutely.
I disapprove of what you say, but I will defend to the death your right to say it.
I am concerned for your health.
I can't make out what you're saying.
I don't subscribe to your idea.
I feel resentment against your unwarranted criticism.
I didn't call on you for fear of disturbing you.
I am certain of your success.
I congratulate you on your success.
I'm displeased at your negligence.
I call your name.
I've got everything that you want.
I guess I'm not as smart as you.
I will make you happy.
I support you whole-heartedly.
I've been looking for you.
I'm never late for school.
By no means do I dislike farming.
But I'll never be defeated, never lose my way.
I will never violate a law again.
I'm going to fly to the moon.
I have taught my dog to sit up and beg.
I borrowed Father's hammer to build a dog house.
I looked over my shoulder.
I recognized Mary the moment I saw her.
I do not desert.
I felt that I was being spied on.
I was looking forward to the day when I could see him after five years' separation.
I felt ill at ease in the presence of the principal.
I've been there, and it's not all it's cracked up to be.
I belonged to the harmonica club in my high school days.
I am exhausted with toil.
I want something to drink now.
I want something cold to drink now.
I am in London.
I'm being patient.
I've made up my mind to study harder from now on.
I'll be on duty this Sunday.
I am going to put this machine to the test today.
I am supposed to meet him at four this afternoon.
I am not in the humor for working hard today.
I have a good many things to do today.
I have no energy today.
I intend to listen to it tonight.
I'm left-handed.
I shut my eyes again.
I am interested in chess these days.
I know little of the recent situation.
I made a big mistake in choosing my wife.
I spent two hours watching television last night.
I can put up with a house being untidy, but I don't like it to be dirty.
My family comes before my career.
I had a quarrel with my sister.
When I was a child, I was always drinking milk.
I am doing business on a large scale.
I dealt with the accident.
I've already picked out the CD I'm going to buy next.
I tried cycling to work for a while but I didn't take to it.
I could not afford to buy a bicycle, much less a car.
I'm getting sick of the ride.
I persist in my popularity.
I have a dictionary.
I was not being taught to experiment or even to repeat experiments.
I studied my part in the play.
I have two cars.
I'm young.
I wanted to be an inventor when I was young.
I was quick tempered when I was young.
I've come here to help you.
I live above my means.
I looked around me.
I tried to absorb as much of local culture as possible.
I don't mind hot weather.
I'd like to engage in foreign trade in the future.
I am not in the least happy.
I must manage on a small income.
I caught sight of the boy escaping from the classroom.
As a boy I used to lie on my back and look at white clouds.
As a boy, I used to lie on my back on the grass and look at white clouds.
I could hardly keep from laughing.
I want to sleep.
I used to read detective stories before going to bed.
I overslept and was late for school.
I love her from the bottom of my heart.
I am not the captain of the new team.
I'm not very good at swimming.
I realized that I couldn't beat him in math.
I'm going to give up math.
I felt like I was dead.
I have a passion for stones.
I can no more play the violin than a baby can.
I am afraid of what the teacher will say.
I bought this book the other day.
I am able to swim across the river.
I was dazzled by the headlights of an approaching car.
I don't feel like eating at all.
I plan to take up engineering at college.
I get nervous when I speak before a large audience.
I learned many of Takuboku's poems by heart.
I asked him point-blank.
I'll get in.
I'm driving into town so I can drop you off on the way.
I work best under pressure.
I share an apartment with my brother.
I aimed my gun at the target.
I grew up in the country.
I'll be off duty at noon on Saturday.
I don't go by what he says.
I am looking forward to going to the zoo.
I am in pursuit of points.
I sniffed the smell.
I feel for my father, who has to work on Sundays.
I am round shouldered.
I want to ride a horse.
I wanted my hair cut short.
I caught sight of him escaping from that shop.
I am speculating that he may win the game.
I shared a room with him.
I am in no small degree indebted to him.
I urged him to get away and cool down.
I have gotten him into trouble.
I have five times as many stamps as he does.
I don't want to respect a man like him.
I am fed up with his vulgar jokes.
I can't trust in his word.
I can't think of his name.
I think him a fool.
I cannot run faster than he.
I asked him to reconcile them with each other.
I took no little pains to help him out of the difficulty.
I stood for him.
I practiced my English on him.
I took to her.
I expected her to have come yesterday.
I think that she knows the truth.
I'm walking beside her.
I want to marry her.
I'm angry with her.
I made a fuss of her family.
I accompanied her on the piano.
I caught her by the hand.
I took down her telephone number in my notebook.
I was very much surprised by her sudden change of mind.
I was captivated by her beauty.
I prevail on her to have a date with me.
I love her and she loves me.
I like watching planes take off.
I got the short straw.
I may not be all that I should be as a husband.
I don't remember my father's face accurately.
I went there on an errand for Father.
I got nervous on the stage.
I have a cold.
I was disguised in girl's clothes at the school festival.
I belong to the literary circle.
I told the story to anyone who would listen.
I study English two hours a day on an average.
I don't think he's playing with a full deck.
I'll be watching you.
I went on foot only one way.
I am tired from walking.
I almost always play baseball after school.
I have much to do.
I sold my books cheaply.
I mean what I'm saying.
I had my sister take a picture of me.
I am planning to call on Mary the day after tomorrow.
I have many model cars.
I painted the gate blue.
I'm a night owl.
I like walking at night.
I like outdoor sports, such as baseball, tennis and soccer.
I parted from my friend in anger.
I got the pears for nothing.
And you say I don't have a nose for what's popular.
I'm busy preparing for the trip.
At the age of six, I was taken to a circus for the first time.
I also like cake.
Let me join in the game.
I'll join in ten minutes.
Me, too.
Me too. What about playing tennis.
I'm in the same boat.
May I join you?
I am no more happy than you are.
Not only I, but also you are responsible for this accident.
I don't usually take long baths but you're in and out in no time.
I can run as fast.
I felt the same way when I first saw Japan from a plane.
I agree with you that we should try again.
I feel we shall win.
The prospects for our victory are excellent.
We have nothing in common.
If our last batter had not hit a home run, team would have lost the game.
The water was dead around us.
Our university building is now under construction on a hillside in the north of Fukuoka.
We expect him to show up on Saturday afternoon.
We learned at school that the square root of nine is three.
When can we eat?
We queued up to get tickets for the concert.
We gazed at the beautiful scenery.
We could not play owing to the rain.
We weren't aware of the time.
We are in the heyday of youth.
Let's pretend that we're soldiers.
We hit the hay early in order to get up at dawn.
We talked until two in the morning.
She took me half way there, and then played innocent.
You take me for a sucker, don't you?
Can you hide me from the police?
Our team fought off all the others.
Let's all make a toast to our glory days.
We were satisfied with the delicious food.
We saw Mac make a fantastic shot.
We bought new uniforms to wear at the game.
We played around the farm.
We are disgusted by his bad manners.
We watched them score one basket after another.
We had our photo taken on the beach.
He doesn't like us.
Hopefully, we'll enjoy our China trip.
I'm behind and exams are coming up.
India ink produces an interesting pattern when used as a dye.
The minister inspired us with a marvelous sermon.
The main duty of a priest is to preach in church.
The priest gave me his blessing.
The priest made the sign of the cross.
The minister listened to her profession of Christianity.
There are a lot of sheep in the pasture.
The cowboys rounded up the herd of cattle.
The cowboys rode into an unknown town.
Dr. Makino is looked up to by many people.
A sheep dog drives the flock to the pasture.
Live a riotous life.
A book dropped from the shelf.
We would be happy to send our book to you when it is published.
I haven't enough material to write a book yet.
Please tell me a place to read books.
Books occupy most of his room.
If you need books, make the most of the books in the library.
There were books lying about the room.
Put away your books and notebooks.
I have tried every diet that has ever been published and I still haven't lost weight.
I turn over a page of the book.
If the list of books is too long, please leave out all foreign books.
Please tell me how to take a book.
Books are to the mind what food is to the body.
You are allowed to check out not more than five books at a time.
Do you agree with what he says in the book?
I made an abstract of a book.
Books are now within the reach of everybody.
We cannot read too many books.
Leave the books as they are.
The books were tied up in a bundle.
They have few books.
Nowadays anybody can get books.
The book was given to him by me.
A book is made of paper.
Can I take books out?
Choose a book carefully.
The books were taken away by the students.
A book can be compared to a friend.
One can classify books into good ones and bad ones.
Leave the books and magazines as they are.
Don't put the books in the shelf upside down.
He has books galore.
Don't judge a book by its cover.
I have bought a lot of books.
Are you certain that you lost your book, or did you merely misplace it?
I'd like a book.
I went on with my reading.
Bring your books down.
Have you ever written a book?
Put your books in order.
The first necessary thing in choosing books to read is to select those which really interest you.
I asked her to send us the book.
Besides lending books, libraries offer various other services.
By reading books and discussing concepts, a person can gain wisdom and tolerance of differing ideas.
I fell asleep while reading.
Don't eat while reading.
Having read the book, she went shopping.
To read books is important.
Reading a book is interesting.
To read books is custom with me.
Reading books is very interesting.
I don't have time to read.
While reading a book, he fell asleep.
I am reading a book.
While reading a book, I fell asleep.
The girl reading a book is Kate.
The boy reading a book is John.
I will return your book on Tuesday if I have finished it.
It seems, from books, that the colonizers and adventurers went sailing off to a new fine life, a new country, opportunities, and so forth.
I spent hours reading books.
Look at me with your books closed.
Put your books away.
Did you take back the books?
Don't lend a borrowed book to another.
I always buy the English-language books I come across at bookstores. But since I never read them, all they do is pile up.
The bookseller charged me ten dollars for the book.
It's three years since I had a real vacation.
What is the reason you want to enter this college?
I mean it!
Do you mean what you say?
Do you really mean it?
Do you really love me?
You can't be serious.
Could you share your honest opinion on this issue?
Not all the students of this school go on to university.
This letter contains sensitive information that may offend some people.
Open your heart and tell me everything.
He's completely convinced of his own greatness but to the people around him he's just a selfish jerk.
Let's not deviate from the subject.
I'll get even with you!
Let's get down to brass tacks and talk business.
Is there an English-Japanese dictionary on the bookshelf?
Can you reach to the top of the bookshelf?
The main street is very broad.
The main office was raided by the police.
It is usually the islander who sees the mainland most clearly.
Oh, really? When did he leave?
Do you? Why?
Really? It took me an hour by train.
Did you ever?
Better believe it.
The news is too good to be true.
Is that true?
It's such a nice change.
You're really absent-minded.
Thank you kindly.
It's so lovely a day.
It really gets on my nerves.
Looks really nice.
I feel deeply for you.
I'm really up a tree.
Can I really have it at this price?
I really feel bad about it.
Can computers actually translate literary works?
I'm terribly sorry.
Oh, I'm terribly sorry.
You can't be so sure.
Is it really the case?
I do think so.
The actor really played cowboy roles better than any other actor.
I don't really care that much.
You really must stop smoking.
I only come once in a blue moon.
Can you handle it?
Many thanks.
I was fine and startled.
I do feel on the mend.
You really did a good job.
It really suits you.
I'm really sorry, but I seem to have misplaced your scarf.
They were really cut from the same cloth.
You are truly an antidote for my melancholy.
Only dedicated girls can endure this task.
You have too many likes and dislikes.
It was real hard work.
These are truly the best products.
I'm really confused.
I do think that it is a pity.
I really must have my watch repaired.
He's really selfish.
We can't really throw it away!
It's really hot there.
This is really from my heart.
I'm very sorry, but I seem to have lost your umbrella.
It is not what a man has but what he is that is really important.
Do Japanese children really paint the sun red?
What do you really think of him?
In fact, he hardly ever complains about his college life.
I have had such a busy morning.
I'm not really asleep, just dozing.
It was really interesting.
To tell the truth, I didn't solve this question.
To tell the truth, I think you are wrong.
Would you be kind enough to tell me the truth?
I'm not much for sports to tell the truth.
To tell the truth, I am not your father.
To tell the truth, he is a famous lawyer.
To tell the truth, she no longer loves him.
To tell the truth, he is not a human being.
Had I known the truth, I would have told it to you.
It is not a real mansion.
A true scientist wouldn't think like that.
A true scientist would not think like that.
The real problem lies in his character.
To tell the truth, I didn't go there.
You were courageous to tell the truth.
I regret telling you the truth.
I must be true to myself.
Read between the lines.
A true gentleman would not betray his friends.
The real war is much more horrible than this story.
The real issue is how to prevent the disease.
Real friendship is more valuable than money.
A true friend would have acted differently.
A true friend would not say such a thing.
A true friend would not betray you.
Tell me a true story.
In fact, he is a nice fellow.
The truth is that the statement is his personal view.
The thing is, I don't really want to.
The truth is that he didn't write a letter to her.
I wish I could go.
I'm not really familiar with computers.
To tell the truth, I am tired of it.
Please visit there today.
What are you serving today?
Today's movie is The Sound of Music.
The stock prices are on the low side today.
Let me tell you about our special.
Instinct is often a poor guide.
It is hard to discern between the true and the false.
He can't tell the true from the false.
It'll be cheaper in the long run to use real leather.
Make it real.
Since the favorite and his rival were running against each other a dark horse like him was able to pull out in front.
Medicaid, a program originally created to provide medical care for poverty-level women and children, today spends almost a third of its budget on elderly people.
In this paper I would like to examine the notion of "dyad style" and its influence on fine arts.
I am studying to be a translator or interpreter.
The quality of translation has improved.
Translation is by no means easy.
Translating helps us to know our mother tongue better.
Let's compare the translation with the original.
The translator found it impossible to explain what he meant.
Friction causes a match to light.
The devil challenged God to a baseball game.
"How can I lose?" answered Satan. "All the umpires are down here in Hell."
The queen of the witches is dead.
The witch cursed the poor little girl.
Her coven conjures the demons.
Asahara thinks himself a savior.
I'll give you anaesthesia.
I like mahjong.
Do you know how to play mahjong?
Mahjong is one of the most interesting games.
Mahjong is a game well-known all around the world.
Mahjong is a game four people play.
Mahjong tiles are very beautiful.
If you mess with drugs, you're asking for trouble.
Drug money and Mafia money are often blood money.
We must eradicate the drug traffic, root and branch.
I think he should stay away from drugs of any sort.
The drug problem is international.
Drug addiction degraded many people.
Drug addiction is a cancer in modern society.
I'll make it up for you.
Well do I remember the day when my sister was born.
I saw my sister there.
I heard from my sister. The letter says she is well now.
It is three years since my sister got married.
My sister will prepare breakfast.
My sister is having a conversation with her friends.
I'm glad to hear that your sister is out of danger after her operation.
How's your sister?
What do you say to bringing your sister?
My sister and I go to the movies from time to time.
My sister and I take turns in cleaning our room.
It was no good persuading my sister to give up.
My sister has two sons, so I have two nephews.
My sister has youth and dreams.
She had her blouse ironed by her sister.
I will have my sister pick you up at the station.
My sister has perfect vision.
I gave my sister a pearl necklace on her birthday.
My sister's hair reaches to her shoulders.
My sister can play the piano better than I can.
My sister did not say "Hello."
My sister asked me to teach her how to ski.
My sister never fails to write home once a month.
My sister is twenty-one years old and a college student.
My sister is three years younger than I and my brother is four years younger.
My sister is always in such a hurry that she often leaves things behind.
My sister was successful in the examination.
My sister saw it with her own eyes.
My little sister can read books well now.
My sister is suffering from a bad cold.
My sister is old enough to go to a workout studio by herself.
My sister has a good command of both English and French.
My sister is too young to go to school.
My sister has long legs and likes sports.
My sister has a job.
My sister has been taking piano lessons since she was four.
My sister insisted on going with me.
My little sister sometimes wished she was a boy.
My sister takes care of everything she possesses.
My sister dropped her plate on the floor.
My sister laughed to her heart's content.
My sister is playing with a doll.
My little sister was excited to see the waterfowl.
My little sister painted a picture of a snowman.
My sister is constantly reading comic books.
My sister has long legs.
My sister has been studying in her room since this morning.
My sister has been knitting since this morning.
My sister doesn't wish to associate with them.
My sister bought five yards of cloth.
Apart from my sister, my family doesn't watch TV.
My sister resembles my mother.
My sister will have finished her homework before she goes to Hokkaido.
My sister is clumsy, which is a disadvantage to her.
My sister will marry early next year.
I'll bring my sister to the party.
Wash your hands before each meal.
How much is your monthly gas bill?
We hold a meeting once a month.
How often do you go to the movies every month?
I hear from my friend every month.
They collect our garbage every Monday.
Every Tuesday her fat little fingers flew like birds up and down the keys of song too.
Every Tuesday morning an old lady called Mrs. Lark came to the children sang.
Every week he goes fishing.
Each week, Mrs. Tanaka saves a little money for a rainy day.
We played tennis after school every Saturday.
Every Sunday, Takashi loves to adjust his car's engine.
I do it every Sunday morning.
Brush your teeth after each meal.
I've decided to jog every morning.
Every morning I set my watch by the station clock.
Cows give their calves milk every morning.
You look on top of the world every morning.
I'm getting pretty worn out driving every morning.
Would you wake me up every morning?
I walk my dog in the park every morning.
It is good for your health to take a walk every morning.
We have a homeroom meeting for ten minutes every morning.
I'll make an effort to get up early every morning.
His dog stared at him every morning while he had his breakfast.
You can hear her singing every morning.
I make it a rule to go jogging every morning.
I always watch the weather report before going out in the morning.
I wake him at six every morning.
He does twenty push-ups every morning.
I'm sorry to trouble you so often.
Thank you for your patronage.
I'll be back by o'clock every day.
If one is to save up the chicken feed every day, it will amount to a very substantial sum in a year.
I found it difficult to keep a diary every day.
She plays the piano every day.
Every day I waited for her at the bookstore after school.
He must be a bookworm to read ten books every day.
Take one tablet a day until all of the medicine is gone.
It is necessary to do some exercise every day.
Don't you just hate this weather?
Is it this hot every day?
Every day the boy would come.
Give them just enough food every day.
Where do you get on the bus every day?
How do you go to school every day?
I am quite tired of daily routine.
Take good care of what you eat and drink every day.
Everyday physical exercise is indispensable to your health.
Daily exercise is effective in overcoming obesity.
I am tired of the day-to-day routine of life.
Don't fail in your daily duties.
The daily trek to midtown Manhattan takes about an hour and a half.
I studied English very hard every day, but I didn't learn a lot.
Study English every day.
I do exercises in English composition every day.
How many hours do you take a nap every day?
Millions of people starve to death every year.
Because I eat out every day, I miss home cooking.
On my way to school each day, I see dogs.
On my way to school each day, I generally see many dogs and cats.
I think it is very good to lead a regular life.
They come to collect the mail at three in the afternoon every day.
I make it a rule to study English for hours every day.
I go to the city pool every day.
Every day we use many things which Edison invented.
Day after day I called on my sick friend.
Brush your teeth every day.
You must clean your room every day.
Learn little by little every day.
We eat a fresh, green salad every day.
Read the newspaper every day, or you will fall behind the times.
If you pig out every day, you're sure to gain too much weight.
Massive amounts of carbon dioxide are generated every day.
You should not have breakfast every day.
Every day I work different hours.
We use the same classroom for two different groups of students each day.
I keep a diary every day.
We must keep a diary every day.
I dislike shopping every day but I must do so.
Every day they killed a llama to make the Sun God happy.
Did you know we lose skin every day?
Some people take a bath every day and others don't.
It is essential for you to practice every day.
Each year, twenty-seven million acres of the tropical rainforests are destroyed.
When you look for an annual diary, what's the most important thing you look for?
Every year, a festival is held when it is the best time to see the cherry trees.
Every year, spring brings warm weather to our town.
Every year brings stranger weather to many areas of the world.
A lot of foreigners visit Japan every year.
Many tourists come to this island every year.
A number of Japanese people travel abroad every summer.
Typhoons strike Japan every year.
Each year Hamamatsu has a kite festival.
They say that every year the number of tourists is greatest in October.
It is stipulated that we should receive a month's vacation every year.
About two million pounds of flour are exported annually.
Each year in July, when the Championships are over, he starts to prepare for the next year.
Each year some different Pop LPs appear.
I'll have to come here every year.
The number of Europeans who visit Thailand every year is very large.
A great number of accidents happen every year.
It seems that it is getting warmer and warmer every year.
Lots of old people are killed in traffic accidents every year.
I go every year.
About this time of the year typhoons visit the island.
Every year, I buy new notebooks for school.
Every spring I am anxious to get out in the garden again.
Net-profit comes to million dollars every year.
The wheat crop bears a good harvest every year.
Do you know how many people starve to death in the world annually?
A lot of people are killed in automobile accidents every year.
A great number of books are published every year.
It's no good making the same old products year after year.
They had poor crops year after year.
About two million pounds of wheat were exported annually.
I hear from my friend every year.
It'll do harm to you to sit up late every night.
I brush my hair strokes every night.
If you stay out drinking every night, your wife is going to leave you.
If you get enough rest every night, you'll feel much better.
Don't stay up late every night.
I will give you a ring every night.
The curtain rose.
The curtain fell.
The act ended and the lights were turned on.
The curtain raised on a noisy cocktail party.
Could you bring me a pillow and blanket, please?
May I have a pillow and a blanket, please?
Could I have a pillow and blanket?
Can I get a pillow?
I'm very glad to see you again.
He failed the examination again.
Again I was able to escape death.
She was late once again.
I will lend you this CD on condition that you don't lend it to anyone else.
Hope to see you again next year.
One-third of an apple is always given to our youngest daughter.
We wish her many happy years in the future.
I cannot resist eating pudding.
I am descended from a graceful family.
I looked around for a weapon just in case.
Insurance is a good idea - just in case.
It is wise to save money for a rainy day.
If you should change your mind, let me know.
If he should come here, I will let you know at once.
Should he know the fact, he would be astonished.
If he could hear of your marriage, he will be very surprised.
If I should make a lot of money, I would give you half of it.
Should it rain tomorrow, the picnic would be canceled.
If you should die, what would become of your family?
Should anything happen to you, let us know at once.
If this airplane were to be hijacked, what in the world would you do?
If you should see Celia, give her my best wishes.
If Jason should call me, tell him I'm not in.
Should that happen, what will you do?
If you should do that, you would come in for severe criticism.
If anyone were to talk to me like that, I would call a police.
I am saving money to prepare for the worst.
Perhaps I should take an umbrella with me just in case.
Try to keep in touch with me, just in case.
It would be wise of you to save money for a rainy day.
Get hold of the rail just in case.
It is always useful to have savings to fall back on.
Ring the bell in an emergency.
You had better keep your money for a rainy day.
In case of an emergency, phone me at this number.
What if hijackers should appear?
If you should be late again, you'll lose your job.
If it snowed in May, they would be surprised.
If it should rain, the garden party would be in a mess.
We shall put off our departure in case it rains.
If it should rain, the game will be called off.
Should it rain, we wouldn't have a pleasant trip.
If the weather should be wet, the garden party will not be held.
If it were to rain, he would not go.
Don't expect me in case it should be rainy.
If anything bad should come about, let me know.
If the hunted should perish, the hunter would, too.
If you should find any mistakes, please let me know at once.
If we should miss the express, we'll take the next train.
If you were to quit your job, what would you do?
If you should meet a bear, pretend to be dead.
If a tiger should come out of the cage, what would you do?
A man who should stop thinking would no longer be a man.
If I should die, please offer my heart to someone who needs it.
Should I be late, don't wait for me.
Should he call me in my absence, please tell him that I will call him back.
If I should fail, I would try again.
Should I fail, what would my parents say?
Should I fail, I would try again.
If you should fail, don't lose heart.
Don't get discouraged if you should fail.
If something were wrong with my car, I'd go by bus.
If anything should be wrong with my car, I would go by bus.
What would become of us if war should break out?
Should World War III come about, there would be no winners at all.
If I should be late, start dinner without me.
Should it be fine, I will go.
If I should be suddenly spoken to in English, I might run away.
Should he see you, he would be surprised.
If by any chance he comes here, I'll let you know at once.
If he should call me, please tell him I'll be back in an hour.
Should he hear of your marriage, he will be furious.
If he should call, tell him I am busy.
If he should be busy, help him.
Should he come, give him this paper.
Should he come, what should I say to him?
If you should meet him, tell him to call me up.
If she should come late, give her this message.
What would you do, if you should be taken ill?
How disappointed my parents would be, if I should fail!
If it should rain tomorrow afternoon, we will meet in the gym.
If it should rain tomorrow, I would stay home.
If it should rain tomorrow, they will not go.
If it should rain tomorrow, the game would be called off.
If it should rain tomorrow, I will put off my departure till the first fine day.
Should it rain tomorrow, the baseball game will be postponed.
What if the rainy season should set in tomorrow.
If he should die tomorrow, what in the world would you do?
If we should miss the train, we'll go by bus.
Workers of the world, unite!
Who knows but everything will go well?
I will see that all goes well.
Everything goes well.
Everything fell into my lap.
Much depends upon the result.
Circumstances are entirely favorable to us.
All is well.
It is all over with me. It can't be helped.
Everything went right for me.
Everything is all right.
Have everything ready.
Manjiro played a part in making the two countries friends with each other.
The young men said that they would do it despite all of the difficulties.
I will do it at all costs.
I'll stand by you through thick and thin.
Do you have a fountain pen with you?
All is still.
The curtain fell amid the wild applause of the audience.
I'm suffering from chronic constipation.
Fill it up, please.
Fill it up.
I thought I was going to suffocate on the crowded train.
A full moon is shining bright in the sky.
Was it a full moon or a new moon?
It was by no means unanimous but your proposal was selected.
All the seats are booked.
It is better to be Socrates dissatisfied than a pig satisfied.
Happy is a man who is contented.
You look contented.
A look of contentment appeared on his face.
Enough is as good as a feast.
I intend to get full marks.
I am full, and I can eat no more.
Manga are to the Japanese film industry what bestsellers are to Hollywood.
Under the cartoon, he wrote "Get your hot dogs!"
Reading comics is usually viewed as the pastime of children.
How about the taste?
It is tastes every bit as good as Japanese rice.
Could I have a sample taste?
The miso soup has heated up.
I have never been to Paris.
Adults only.
Minors are prohibited from smoking by law.
Persons under age are prohibited from smoking.
When you come across new words, you must look them up in your dictionary.
There is no knowing what will happen in the future.
How can you be so optimistic about the future?
The future pilot is trained in a mock cockpit.
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today.
Let's drink to our charming hostess!
Even though Sato has a nice personality, he doesn't know its value and doesn't like himself.
Bees provide us with honey.
Hey, there's no pulse.
My pulse is fast.
My pulse is slow.
Strange to say, she suddenly disappeared.
Strange to say, I dreamed the same dream twice last night.
I wake up to the sound of music.
Queer rumors are in the air.
I heard a strange sound.
Strange to say, none of us noticed the mistake.
Strange to say, I didn't feel any pain.
Strange to say, she knows the fact very well.
The voice of the people is the voice of God.
I'm eager to be allowed to do more private-sector investment.
A commercial airplane allegedly violated military airspace.
In a democracy, all citizens have equal rights.
In a democracy, the people elect their government officials directly.
Democracy is the government of the people, by the people, and for the people.
Some have lost faith in democracy.
The precious results of democracy are the apple of the people's eye and the people will fight to maintain these ideals.
Individual freedom is the soul of democracy.
I believe it will be quite a long time before the spirit of democracy pervades our daily life.
Democracy originated in Ancient Greece.
Democracy encourages freedom.
Democracy is not exportable like food or cement.
Democracy is one form of government.
One of the advantages of living in a democracy is that one is permitted to say whatever he thinks.
The Democrats haven't decided on their candidates yet, but in any case they're sure to lose.
Do you think the Democratic Party will get the better of the Republican Party?
The Democrats bought space on commercial television for the campaign.
The people revolted against the tyranny.
People rose in revolt against the King.
The people suffered under the cruel tyrant.
The people revolted against their rulers.
Attention is focussed on the potential for growth of the personal and industrial use garbage compactor market in relation to trends in law.
Ethnic minorities struggle against prejudice, poverty, and oppression.
I'm sleepy!
I'm sleepy, so I am leaving now.
Are you sleepy?
It is no use studying when you are sleepy.
No wonder I'm sleepy.
Refresh yourself with a cup of coffee when sleepy.
We yawn when sleepy or bored.
Sleepy as I was, I managed to finish my homework.
As I was sleepy, I went to bed.
You should not sit up late just because it has charm.
Aren't you sleepy?
Feeling sleepy, I went to bed.
In order to stay awake I may have to drink more coffee.
The sleepy town has been transformed into a bustling city.
Are you sleeping, Tom?
Wake not a sleeping lion.
I had my wallet stolen while I was asleep.
A sleeping child looks like an angel.
It is delightful to look at a sleeping baby.
Take care not to awake the sleeping baby.
Take care lest you should fall asleep.
Let a sleeping dog lie.
I need to get some sleep.
I'm a light sleeper.
Sleep is the greatest thief, for it steals half one's life.
I couldn't sleep.
I lay down not so much to sleep as to think.
When we are asleep, bodily functions slow down and body temperature falls.
See to it that your cigarette is put out before you go to bed.
You had better turn off the light before you go to sleep.
I can't sleep, and I'm just looking at the clock.
I'm trying to sleep.
He blamed me for neglecting my duty.
I was watching TV half sleeping.
May all my dreams come true.
I'm very pleased that your dream came true.
Dreams may be vivid and memorable.
It may not be a dream.
Little did I dream that I would see you here.
Little did I think that I would ever see her again.
The main thing that dreams lack is consistency.
Anything can happen in the world of dreams.
My dream is to take a round-the-world trip.
Dreams come true.
Dreams are the touchstones of our characters.
Dreams came true.
Dreams sometimes come true.
One's dreams do not always come true.
It's like a dream come true.
Get the dream.
I've steeled myself to face a certain amount of sacrifice, effort and hardship if that's what it takes to fulfill my dream.
You can't spend what you don't have.
Nothing comes from nothing.
Nothing can come of nothing.
Could you please find the missing key. I can't open the pantry.
Where is the missing dollar?
She was very glad to find the purse she had given up for lost.
If you are idle, be not solitary, if you are solitary, be not idle.
Ten dollars of regular unleaded, please.
I'd like a full tank of regular unleaded.
Refuse to take no answer.
The eerie silence struck terror into their hearts.
No silence was ever written down.
Who is silent is held to consent.
I like him all the more for his reticence.
Of course, innocent people were released.
An innocent man was arrested by mistake.
I felt left out.
I was admitted to school without having to take an entrance examination.
There were few passengers who were safe.
I was relieved to hear that you had arrived safely.
Nobody will believe his assertion that he is innocent.
Do you believe his statement that he is innocent?
Unable to prove his innocence, he was forced to leave his native town.
What is it like to be innocent?
Hard as he was, his eyes filled with tears.
We agreed to the plan without qualification.
The irreligious scoffed at the bishop's interpretation.
Thousands of small businesses went under during the recession.
It seems appropriate to apply these rules to the voiceless consonants.
It's useless to try and resist.
I do not want to exert myself in vain.
All you need to do is get back the time you have wasted.
Why don't you make up for the lost time?
It is difficult to make up for wasted time.
We are working hard to make up for lost time.
Don't waste your money.
Don't waste your breath.
So use it wisely and don't waste it.
It's high time you stopped wasting your money.
It was a wild goose chase.
You must not park your car there without permission.
You should not be absent without notice.
Plain white paper will do.
I shouldn't have overdone it.
He is riding for a fall.
Making love to an expressionless woman is like sipping soup without any seasoning.
The two men were arrested for reckless driving.
The reckless men froze to death during their expedition to the Antarctic.
No admittance except on business.
Might makes right.
The strain is beginning to tell on him.
You should take it easy.
Don't work too hard!
I don't think she could spare the time because she is always busy with her work.
I'm not asking for the moon.
You're bound to feel that way at first, I guess.
Where might is master, justice is servant.
Don't exert yourself.
You must think it's impossible, but could you at least give it a try?
I don't wanna press you.
It's for free.
You may get it free of charge.
They're giving away samples free.
Is it free?
Conflicting reports prompted the director to reconsider her position.
I hope the fog will go away soon.
The fog is growing thicker.
The mist was so dense that I could not see even an inch ahead.
The fog has lifted.
The fog was thickening quickly.
It was foggy, so it was hard to make out the figures of people walking.
The fog is getting thicker.
A curtain of mist blocked our view.
The fog closed in.
The girl disappeared in the misty forest.
Fog has limited visibility to meters.
The valley was hidden from view in the mist.
The fog prevented the planes from taking off.
Due to the fog, traffic is temporarily suspended.
The mountain was blurred by fog.
Railroad service was suspended because of the fog.
We could see nothing but fog.
A boat suddenly appeared out of the mist.
The fog won't clear until there's a wind to blow it away.
Fog was a familiar sight in London.
The land could just be discerned through the mist.
He had one daughter.
He can't help his daughter being so foolish.
My daughter came to see me from time to time.
Our daughter burned her finger with a match.
I think my daughter's coming down with something.
The return of his daughter brightened his life.
We have decided to leave our daughter to herself after she left school.
Wondering if my daughter had arrived safely I tried to call her but couldn't get through.
The girls' chatter was endless.
My daughter is cutting her permanent teeth.
I'd like to have her teeth straightened.
Her father is liberal with money.
My daughter is barely fifteen.
My daughter prefers science to languages or art.
My daughter will come of age this year.
My daughter has grown into a dress my wife used to wear.
Our daughter is none the better because we've been nursing.
My daughter held on to my coat sleeve and would not let me go.
My daughter has braces.
My daughter weighed eight pounds at birth.
The girl begged her mother to accompany her.
My daughter was premature.
My daughter is the apple of my eye.
My daughter will come of age next year.
Can my daughter go to school?
I entered my daughter in a girl's school.
It isn't that both daughters want to study abroad.
The daughters recuperated from the shock of the death of their father.
The nether gate was opened.
Everybody who is anybody was present at the reception.
Profit is better than fame.
A good idea occurred to me last night.
A great idea presented itself in my mind.
A good idea suddenly struck her.
A good idea occurred to me.
I took over the wheel at Nagoya.
Finding one's way around Nagoya is very simple. All you do is look at the signs.
Speaking of Nagoya, have you ever been to Seto?
Nagoya lies between Tokyo and Osaka.
Can you stand the summer heat in Nagoya?
In Nagoya summers a fan is essential to help stay cool.
What's the stop after Nagoya?
I usually have to change my clothes two or three times a day during the hot summer in Nagoya.
Nagoya is to the east of Kyoto.
Nagoya is a city which is famous for its castle.
Nagoya is between Tokyo and Osaka.
Sometimes a verb is derived from a noun and sometimes it is the other way around.
There were too many sights to see in a day or two.
I'm seeing all the sights.
It is wrong to aim at fame only.
Despite all his fame, he is not happy.
It is very hard to live up to your reputation.
Fame is not always an accompaniment of success.
Don't chase after fame.
Some people go after fame.
It is hard to maintain one's reputation.
Answer to your name when it is called.
Did you hear your name called?
When you have written your name, please write the date.
Don't make fun of him because he cannot write his name.
I only know him by name.
There has been a little confusion of names.
All the names are listed in alphabetical order.
I'm not sure of the name, but the extension is 211.
Her name was Linda, and she was a year younger than Tony.
What's its name?
Although the names are similar, they are far from being the same.
I don't know her name, but I do know her by sight.
My name is Ichiro Tanaka.
A writer, whose name I have forgotten, wrote this novel.
I quite forget your name.
Stand up when your name is called.
Those students whose names have been called will begin their exams.
My heart beat when I heard my name called.
Please have a seat and wait until your name is called.
When you have written your name, write the date.
Write your name in full.
Please add my name to the list.
He got angry because his honor was at stake.
I found this at the risk of my life.
I felt as if my life had been shortened.
Do as I told you to do.
It's not the sort of illness that puts your life at risk.
Life's seed is laid.
Life is dear to everybody.
Where there is life, there is hope.
The light is on.
He must be at home as the light in on.
They can't have gone out because the light's on.
You left your lights on.
The light came on suddenly.
Poor light hindered my reading.
The light went out and we were left in the dark.
The light went out by itself.
The light shone like so many stars.
Don't sleep with the light left on.
Will you turn on the light?
Put out the light and go to bed.
Put out the light.
I can't reach the transom.
It was cold at dawn, so I put on another blanket.
It gets extremely cold toward dawn.
Obviously, he is lying.
Obviously, they are jealous of his wealth and status.
Clearly, the rumor is not true.
Clearly, this is the most important point.
Clearly you are mistaken.
Someone is obviously telling a lie.
Obviously, he is to blame.
Obviously, he's not that kind of person.
Evidently, he's made a mistake.
Obviously he is wrong.
It was apparent that he did not understand what I had said.
It is clear that he knows the answer.
She was clearly satisfied with the results.
Clearly, she knows a lot about biotechnology.
Feel light at heart; feel happy.
The children's laughs spread throughout the forest.
The bright colors arrested our eyes.
Let's put up the tent while it is still light.
It's getting light. Morning is coming.
It began to be light, and things were becoming visible by degrees.
She waved her hand to me, smiling brightly.
Clarity comes first.
Will you please make a specific statement?
Four points need to be made.
The first point that requires clarification is that the design was purely experimental.
He didn't say so, but he implied that I was lying.
She will start for Kyoto the day after tomorrow.
Come and see me the day after tomorrow.
The day after tomorrow I will urge my mother to leave an allowance of yen at my disposal.
Let's have a tea party the day after tomorrow.
I'll come back the evening after next.
I must get this work done by the day after tomorrow.
I must get my work done by the day after tomorrow.
If it rains the day after tomorrow, I'll stay at home.
If it rains the day after tomorrow I'll be inside.
I'd like you to itemize the charges.
He took to Akiko from the moment he met her.
Akiko has an aunt whose name is Hana.
Akiko has some friends in France.
Meiji was beaten by Keio by a score of three to five.
I want to check out at tomorrow morning.
Call me up at seven in the morning.
Will you pick me up at seven tomorrow morning?
They will have gone to school by eight tomorrow morning.
I'll see you at nine tomorrow morning.
May I call on you at your house tomorrow morning?
Do we have to get up early tomorrow morning?
I'll come without fail tomorrow morning.
You mustn't forget to come and see me tomorrow morning.
Do you mind my visiting you tomorrow?
I will visit you tomorrow without fail.
Please remind me to mail the report tomorrow.
Can I borrow your Ford for tomorrow?
I hope it rains tomorrow.
What do you say to going swimming tomorrow?
I will meet you at the station tomorrow.
A friend's coming over tomorrow.
I'll call you up tomorrow.
They will have a moon-viewing party tomorrow.
There will be a lunar eclipse tomorrow.
You shall have my answer tomorrow.
Tomorrow our professor is going back to England.
Will you look after my dog tomorrow?
I will take my mother out in my new car tomorrow.
I was wondering if you were free tomorrow.
Can I rely on you to be here on time tomorrow?
I have an appointment with my uncle tomorrow.
I was wondering if you'd like to join me for dinner tomorrow.
I hope the weather will be fine tomorrow.
You're pretty calm cool and collected for somebody who has a major presentation tomorrow.
I'm taking tomorrow morning off from work.
We will go on a picnic if it is fine tomorrow.
What do you say to doing the sights of Tokyo tomorrow?
Since I will see him tomorrow, I can give him a message if you want.
He's not going to visit you tomorrow.
Call her tomorrow.
Mind you call me up tomorrow.
Remember to see him tomorrow.
I'm going to give a birthday party for my friend tomorrow.
Tomorrow ... tomorrow seemed such a long, long way off.
Can I see you at ten tomorrow?
Will you let me have a holiday tomorrow?
There's going to be a three-mile race tomorrow.
I will meet you at three o'clock tomorrow.
Can you wake me up at 7:tomorrow?
Please call me at seven tomorrow morning.
I'll get hold of you tomorrow and set up a time.
May I call you tomorrow?
I will call on you tomorrow.
Tomorrow is convenient for me to call on you.
It may possibly be fine tomorrow.
May I come and see you tomorrow?
We are going to make a test of the engine tomorrow.
Could you come and see me tomorrow?
My uncle is coming to see us tomorrow.
I am seeing my uncle tomorrow.
If you are free tomorrow, I can show you around Kyoto.
I will have finished reading this novel by the time you come tomorrow.
I'd like to see you tomorrow.
May I see you tomorrow?
Do you mind if I call on you tomorrow?
I'll pay you a visit at your house tomorrow.
For two weeks from tomorrow, please.
Everybody is in a good mood looking forward to the five-day holiday that starts tomorrow.
Will it be convenient for you to start work tomorrow?
The seasonal rain front is moving in tomorrow.
I will come tomorrow without fail.
Don't forget to come here at seven tomorrow.
Come here tomorrow without fail.
I promise that I'll be here tomorrow.
He said that he would come back here tomorrow.
I'd better see you about this tomorrow.
I'll have this radio fixed tomorrow.
The other day he said to me, "I will lend you this book tomorrow."
I'll answer you tomorrow.
I'll bring it to you tomorrow.
I will ask him about it tomorrow.
Please bring back the tape tomorrow.
I will call for it tomorrow.
I start tomorrow.
We are going to a dance tomorrow.
It will have been raining for a week tomorrow.
It will have been raining a week tomorrow.
It will have been snowing for five days tomorrow.
Can you be ready to leave tomorrow?
It will have been raining a whole week tomorrow.
You can visit me tomorrow.
You're visiting a factory tomorrow, aren't you?
How about for tomorrow?
You can get in touch with me tomorrow.
We'll have a farewell party for Nancy tomorrow.
The weather is bound to get better tomorrow.
I have an appointment at eleven tomorrow, but can I change the time?
You are to hand in your report by 5:tomorrow.
I'd like to make a reservation for p.m. tomorrow.
It's hard to predict what the weather will be like tomorrow.
I wonder what the weather will be tomorrow.
I want everything in order by this time tomorrow.
I arranged catering for tomorrow's party.
What's the assignment for tomorrow?
What's the temperature going to be tomorrow?
I don't have any plans for tomorrow. I'm going to take it easy.
What's the program for tomorrow?
Come to see me at any time tomorrow afternoon.
I'll arrive at Haneda Airport tomorrow evening at 7.
Are you busy tomorrow afternoon?
I will call you tomorrow afternoon.
Won't you play tennis tomorrow afternoon?
You may come at any time tomorrow afternoon.
I'd like to see him tomorrow afternoon.
Are you free in the afternoon?
Come again tomorrow afternoon, when I will have more time to talk with you.
I see him tomorrow afternoon.
About this time tomorrow, we'll be climbing Mt. Fuji.
He will be skiing on Mt. Zao about this time tomorrow.
They will be fighting for the championship this time tomorrow.
We should be in Paris by this time tomorrow.
We'll be seeing the sights of Paris about this time tomorrow.
We'll be doing the sights of London about this time tomorrow.
This time tomorrow I'll be studying in the library.
I will be in London by this time tomorrow.
I will be taking the exam about this time tomorrow.
It will be raining at this time tomorrow.
We will be doing the sights of Osaka about this time tomorrow.
You mustn't be nervous about tomorrow's exam.
You should prepare for tomorrow's lessons.
Did you get everything ready for tomorrow?
Remember to mail this letter tomorrow morning.
I'll be waiting for you at the station tomorrow morning.
What time should I come to the lobby tomorrow?
When I get up tomorrow morning, the sun will be shining and the birds will be singing.
Have him come early tomorrow morning.
Come to the office tomorrow morning without fail.
Could I have one for tomorrow morning?
Call me at six tomorrow morning.
Please remember to wake me up at six tomorrow morning.
I'd like a wake-up call at seven tomorrow morning.
I'll call for you at tomorrow morning.
Let's meet at the station at eight tomorrow morning.
I'll call for you at eight tomorrow morning.
Call me at nine tomorrow morning.
Let's start jogging together from tomorrow morning.
Mail this letter tomorrow morning.
I'd like to check out tomorrow morning.
Tomorrow morning will be OK.
I'll give you a call in the morning.
Get up at seven tomorrow morning.
You have to wake up early tomorrow morning.
Get up early tomorrow morning!
We must be off early tomorrow morning.
Wait until tomorrow morning.
I'll call him first thing in the morning.
Call me at the office tomorrow morning.
When you wake up tomorrow morning, you will find a wonderful thing.
We are leaving Japan tomorrow morning.
Don't forget to see me tomorrow morning.
Don't forget to pick me up tomorrow morning.
Is tomorrow's breakfast bread or a proper one with rice?
I'll call you up tomorrow morning.
Come tomorrow morning.
I'll come by and pick you up tomorrow morning.
I'd like a wake-up call at six tomorrow morning.
I have no idea what the weather will be like tomorrow.
What's the weather forecast for tomorrow?
Tomorrow's weather should be sunny with occasional rain.
The weather outlook for tomorrow is not good.
I'm going to have dinner with him tomorrow night, so I'll feel him out then.
I'd like to book a table for four for tomorrow night.
Let's get together again tomorrow evening.
We are to take in five guests tomorrow evening.
Wanna go to a movie tomorrow night?
We are to meet together at o'clock tomorrow night.
It's supposed to rain tomorrow night, so let's leave our umbrellas until then.
I'd like to make reservations for dinner tomorrow.
How about tomorrow night?
Can the star be seen tomorrow night?
It may well snow tomorrow night.
Come to my concert tomorrow evening.
Be sure to drop in to see us tomorrow evening.
We are going to give a party tomorrow evening.
Are you free tomorrow evening?
Our plans for tomorrow depend on the weather.
Let's arrange for a 7:a.m. wake-up call.
Let's visit some temples tomorrow.
An old friend will call on me tomorrow.
Tomorrow let's go to the morning bazaar.
I'll have to study ten hours tomorrow.
I'm getting up at six o'clock tomorrow morning.
Are you engaged for tomorrow?
Is it possible for you to come to the office an hour earlier than usual tomorrow?
It is a holiday tomorrow.
I bet it will rain tomorrow.
We anticipate a heavy rainfall tomorrow.
Tomorrow is Christmas Day.
It's the soccer match tomorrow.
There is a show tomorrow.
We have a test tomorrow.
What's your schedule for tomorrow?
I am going on a picnic tomorrow.
Will it be hot again tomorrow?
I will be working on my report all day tomorrow.
I plan to stay at home all day tomorrow.
I wonder if it will rain tomorrow.
It may rain tomorrow.
I can't tell if it will be raining tomorrow.
I don't think that it will rain tomorrow.
I am afraid it will rain tomorrow.
I'm afraid it's going to rain tomorrow.
It seems it'll rain tomorrow.
I'm afraid it may rain tomorrow.
I don't think it'll rain tomorrow.
I'm afraid it will be rainy tomorrow.
You have an English test tomorrow, so don't get bogged down in your math homework tonight.
What time do we leave tomorrow?
I will be at home tomorrow.
Tomorrow it might be me.
Don't be late for school tomorrow.
Tomorrow is a holiday.
I'll be absent tomorrow.
It will rain perhaps tomorrow.
Either you or he is supposed to come tomorrow.
You will have to go to the dentist's tomorrow.
Occasional showers are possible tomorrow.
I'll be in my office from ten tomorrow.
It will be hot tomorrow.
Will it be hot tomorrow?
We may not win tomorrow.
We want to know if it will be sunny tomorrow.
Will it be fine weather tomorrow?
Will it be sunny tomorrow?
I wonder if it will clear up tomorrow.
Will it be fine tomorrow?
When it clears up tomorrow it is good.
I hope that it is fine tomorrow.
It ought to be fine tomorrow.
It'll snow tomorrow.
I believe it will be snowing tomorrow.
Wake me up early tomorrow morning.
We've got to get up early tomorrow. We're going on a picnic.
It'll be a big day.
Who will look after your dog tomorrow?
The railroad workers are going on walkout tomorrow.
It is likely to be fine tomorrow.
The store will be closed tomorrow.
I have nothing in particular to do tomorrow.
It will be cloudy tomorrow.
It is Sunday tomorrow.
Tomorrow I am going shopping.
I'm putting up with him tomorrow.
It's her fifth birthday tomorrow.
Tomorrow is her birthday.
Tomorrow is Mother's Day.
Tomorrow is my birthday and I will be seventeen.
Do you have any engagement tomorrow?
Are you booked for tomorrow?
You'll have to come tomorrow.
Tomorrow we go to school to sign up for the classes we want to take.
I'm going to go on a picnic tomorrow.
Come again tomorrow.
Maybe we should talk again tomorrow.
Come see me again tomorrow.
I should be grateful if you would stay until tomorrow.
You can keep this tape until tomorrow.
I'll take care of the dog till tomorrow.
It is impossible for me to finish my term paper by tomorrow.
I will get these shoes repaired by tomorrow.
I want to have this letter translated into English by tomorrow.
I must go through the task by tomorrow.
I have to go through the task by tomorrow.
I cannot possibly finish the work by tomorrow.
We have to finish preparations for the party by tomorrow.
I will be through with my work by tomorrow.
I need to know by tomorrow.
Hand in your report by tomorrow.
I wish it would stop raining before tomorrow.
I must have my work finished by tomorrow.
You needn't finish it by tomorrow.
Homework must be done by tomorrow.
I have a few essays to write by tomorrow.
We must register for the courses that we're going to take by tomorrow.
Can't you put it off until tomorrow?
Never do today what you can put off till tomorrow.
I'll come here again tomorrow.
She asked the doctor to come and see her son again the next day.
You can make more tomorrow.
It will be fine tomorrow, too.
I will go to the university tomorrow, too.
I'd rather go today than tomorrow.
I have to go and have an X-ray tomorrow.
I'd like to make a tour of famous sites in London tomorrow.
I must pay a visit to the doctor tomorrow.
Can you tell if it will rain tomorrow?
I will stay home if it rains tomorrow.
Assuming it rains tomorrow, what should I do?
I'll stay home in case it rains tomorrow.
Supposing it rains tomorrow, will you still go on a picnic?
I hope it does not rain tomorrow.
I don't know if it will rain tomorrow or not.
I can not tell if it will rain tomorrow.
I do not know if it will rain tomorrow.
I don't know if it will rain tomorrow.
If it rains tomorrow, there will be no excursion.
It will have been raining a whole week if it is rainy tomorrow.
If it rains tomorrow, we'll not go there.
If it rains tomorrow, I will stay at home all day.
If it rains tomorrow, she will not come here.
If it happens to rain tomorrow I'll stay at home.
If it rains tomorrow, I won't go.
I'll stay home if it rains tomorrow.
I would not go if it rains tomorrow.
It may rain tomorrow, but we are going in any case.
I fear that it will rain tomorrow.
We are going to have an examination in English tomorrow.
I'll meet you down at the station tomorrow.
Don't you think it of no use worrying about what will happen tomorrow?
You never know what will happen tomorrow.
There is no knowing what will happen tomorrow.
No one can tell what may turn up tomorrow.
Who knows what will happen tomorrow?
At what time would you be able to come to us tomorrow?
Tomorrow I'll go to his house to pick him up.
Tomorrow we will encounter the enemy.
Can you come to the meeting tomorrow?
It is accepted that we'll have a meeting tomorrow.
See you tomorrow in the office.
Tomorrow, if we can go out, we'll see how they are.
Because tomorrow is a holiday from school, we plan to go on an excursion.
See you tomorrow at school.
Please remember to mail this letter on your way to school tomorrow morning.
We're having an examination in geometry tomorrow.
I will pay you the money tomorrow.
I feel like taking a day off tomorrow.
Lend me your car tomorrow.
You will be able to see her tomorrow.
You may expect me tomorrow.
The thought of going to work tomorrow really depresses me.
Please remind me to turn in the paper tomorrow.
How about going for a drive to Lake Yamanaka with us tomorrow?
I'll call at Mr Brown's house tomorrow.
I'll call on Mr Brown tomorrow.
I'm engaged tomorrow, so I've arranged for someone else to take my place.
Please call on me tomorrow.
I am going to see the dentist tomorrow.
May I come to see you at your office tomorrow morning?
Need we bring our dictionaries to class tomorrow?
Let's get together tomorrow.
He told me that he would start the next day.
Since it'll be hot tomorrow, we'll go swimming.
See you tomorrow at the library.
We will have a math quiz tomorrow.
There will be a math test tomorrow.
Tomorrow we will receive our report cards.
I will leave if it is fine tomorrow.
If it is fine tomorrow, we'll go on a picnic.
I don't know if it will be fine tomorrow, but if it is fine we'll go on a picnic.
I don't know if it will be fine tomorrow.
I hope it will be fine tomorrow.
If it snows tomorrow, I will build a snowman.
Getting up early tomorrow, you will see the rising sun.
We'll be across the border by tomorrow.
I'll give you a ring tomorrow morning.
We'll climb the mountain if it is fine tomorrow.
If it is nice weather tomorrow, let's go on a hike.
If it is fine tomorrow, I will go sailing with my friends.
I will go for a walk if it is nice tomorrow.
Rain, rain go away!
I wonder what the weather will be like tomorrow.
I'll get in touch with Tom by telephone tomorrow and ask him to give us a hand.
Give me a ring tomorrow.
I am leaving for Tokyo tomorrow.
I'm going shopping tomorrow.
Please call me at eight tomorrow morning.
I am to talk over the matter with him tomorrow.
Don't forget to talk with him tomorrow.
I'm going to meet him tomorrow.
Please remind me to phone him tomorrow.
I'll call on him tomorrow.
It is probable that she will come tomorrow.
I'm going to see her tomorrow.
I will write to her tomorrow.
I'll have to tell her the truth tomorrow.
Don't fail to call me tomorrow.
You shall have an answer tomorrow.
He told his mother that he would study the next day.
Please don't forget to see him tomorrow.
Please remember to wake me up at seven tomorrow.
Could you remind me to call my academic advisor at 9:p.m. tomorrow?
My friends will give me a party tomorrow.
I am seeing a friend tomorrow.
Come and see me tomorrow, won't you?
Come and see me tomorrow.
I'm coming to see you tomorrow.
Why not come and see me tomorrow?
Shall you be able to come tomorrow?
I will meet you off the train tomorrow.
It's so obvious we don't need proof.
Explain it in plain language.
What do you have on for tomorrow night?
It's abundantly clear.
The policemen beat the bushes all day to find a lost child.
Seeing his mother, the lost child burst into tears.
You'll get lost.
A lost child was sobbing at the police box.
The stray girl sobbed her name.
The lost boy held out until the rescue team came.
Never make a nuisance of yourself.
A niece is a daughter of one's brother or sister.
For the gate is wide and the way is easy, that leads to destruction.
A fund was set up with a view to preserving our endangered planet.
Do you have your driver's license?
Could I see your driver's license?
Can I see your license, please?
May I see your license?
I didn't buy anything at the duty-free shops.
Cotton sucks up water.
Cotton absorbs water.
Strictly speaking, his view differs a little from mine.
Stand face to face.
Do not trust such men as praise you to your face.
Don't say it behind my back.
Such men as praise you to your face are apt to speak ill of you behind your back.
Beware of one who praises you to your face.
What are the visiting hours?
No visitor can remain in the hospital after p.m.
The interview went off so well that he got the job.
You have to be up-front and candid at interviews.
You'll have to play it by ear at the interview.
Thank you for coming in for the interview.
I am afraid of having trouble.
What a business it is!
Beware that you don't get into trouble.
You'll get into trouble.
It may seem like a hassle, but I think you ought to go back to the basics and start over. Haste makes waste they say.
It's interesting.
It seems very interesting.
Any book will do as long as it is interesting.
That's an interesting piece of information.
We might as well die as disgrace ourselves.
Noodles are usually made from wheat.
Making model spaceships is interesting.
It took me more than a week to put the model ship together.
Making model planes is his only hobby.
Making a model plane is interesting.
Don't drag out Chinese sayings about the importance of an environment conducive learning just to justify moving house for a child's entrance exams!
His bushy brows accented his face.
Do you want a trim?
The caterpillar turned into a butterfly.
Fur coats are on sale.
I think it is cruel to trap animals for fur coats.
She is garbed in furs.
Take off your fur, and make yourself at home.
Do you have blankets?
Can I get a blanket?
I'd like one more blanket.
Could you bring me a blanket?
May I have a blanket?
Clans run wild like a storm in a raging sea.
Beware of the dog!
How are you keeping off this intense heat?
We made good time until we ran into a blizzard.
A severe typhoon has done much damage to property.
The hard work was worthwhile because I passed the exam.
It is good that you do not have to study so hard.
Helping a blind man is an act of kindness.
I believe you have appendicitis.
Guide dogs help blind people.
A nod is as good as a wink to a blind horse.
The net got entangled in the propeller.
All's fish that comes to the net.
We heard the tree fall with a crash.
Many trees fell down.
The tree was heard to crash to the ground.
Wood is made into various kinds of articles.
The leaves fell from the trees.
All the apples that fall are eaten by the pigs.
The trees are shooting out buds.
Trees shelter my house from the wind.
Too many trees deprive a house of light.
The tree fell down.
The road was obstructed by fallen trees.
Wood burns.
The woodcutter fells a tree with an ax.
Don't you think it's rude to give people such a curt reply like that?
The tree breaks the wind.
There are some oranges on the tree.
He wanted to know more about the trees, too.
Branches are to trees what limbs are to us.
I ran into a tree.
The trees kept me out of the rain.
Let's take a little rest under the tree.
I had to take shelter under a tree.
The bicycle under the tree is mine.
I found some wild mushrooms under the log.
There is a bench under the tree.
There are some boys under the tree.
Wooden houses catch fire easily.
I see a house among the trees.
We can see the tower above the trees.
The cat on the tree came down to me.
Look at the bird singing in the tree.
I heard the leaves rustling.
Leaf after leaf fell to the ground.
The leaves are turning red.
The leaves of the trees have turned red.
The leaves began to turn red and yellow.
The leaves fell to the earth.
Leaves lay thick over the ground.
The leaves whirled in the yard.
The leaves blew off.
The leaves trembled in the wind.
Almost all the leaves went off the tree.
The leaves have all fallen.
The leaves of the trees turn yellow in fall.
The leaves go brown in fall.
The leaves of the trees turn red in the fall.
Leaves begin to fall in October.
The leaves turned red as the days passed.
The trees are planted three meters apart.
The tree was so happy she could hardly speak.
There were few, if any, trees.
The trees will soon be bare.
There was not a tree in sight.
The tree bent down beneath their weight of fruit.
The trees looked black against the sky.
The taller a tree is, the harder it is to climb.
The tree spread its branches abroad.
Wood floats in water.
Wood burns easily.
Wood floats, but iron sinks.
The tree throws its shadow over the wall.
You can't see the forest for the trees.
The trees comforted me.
We took shelter under a tree.
I see an old woman under the tree.
It was cool in the shade of the trees.
Mr Kinoshita left his glasses behind in the office yesterday.
Wood is a disappearing resource in much of Africa, and these stoves burn far less wood than the stoves currently in much use.
The smaller planets hovering around the planet Jupiter reminded him of the guards surrounding a king when he walked outdoors, and Kepler called them satellites.
The Kiso River is often called the Rhine of Japan.
A house built of wood is more easily burnt than a house of stone.
A wooden building can easily catch fire.
Wooden houses easily catch fire.
A Mr Kimura is calling you.
I met a Mr Kimura at the party.
You also know Mr Kimura very well.
Kimura jogged in the park every day.
Dr. Kimura gave me your name as the leading scholar in this field.
The wooden pieces are fastened with a peg.
Cotton mittens will prevent the baby from scratching his own face.
The trees are putting forth leaves.
The trees are in bud.
The leaves of the trees began to turn red.
The leaves on the trees are falling by the wind.
The trees are already bare.
The trees were bare of leaves.
The trees are beginning to bud.
The trees began to come into leaf.
Thursday night is free beer night.
We should know the result by Thursday.
I'll keep Thursday open for you.
Cease-fire talks concluded without progress Thursday.
I would rather you came on Friday than on Thursday.
You can save your breath. There is no use talking to him.
He judged it wiser to remain silent.
There was no need for verbal communication.
Hold your tongue!
Hold your tongue, or you'll be punished.
Silence is an admission of guilt.
Being silent is regarded in effect as approval.
I thought it best to remain silent.
We interpret your silence as consent.
Hold your tongue, or you'll be killed.
Shut up and listen!
Just shut up and get on with your work!
You needn't suffer in silence.
Shut your big mouth.
Shut up, or I'll knock you out.
I wish to exercise my right to remain silent.
Your eyes are lying.
I have bleary eyes.
My eyes feel itchy.
My eyes feel gritty.
I awoke to find it snowing.
My eyes feel irritated.
As far as the eye could see, there was nothing but sand.
My eyes smart.
The scales have fallen from my eyes.
I can see the light.
I'm afraid I have an inflammation in my eyes.
I'm frantic!
When I woke up, the day was breaking.
When I awoke, it was snowing.
It was almost noon when I woke up.
To be awake is to be alive.
We need it when asleep as well as when awake.
I awoke to find my suitcase gone.
When we awoke, we were adrift on the open sea.
I awoke to find myself lying on the floor.
I awoke to find a bird in my room.
I awoke to find myself famous.
I awoke to find myself lying on the sofa.
I awoke to find a burglar in my room.
The blind nurse devoted herself to caring for the elderly.
A blind person's hearing is often very acute.
She dreads going blind because she's wearing thick glasses.
My eyes are very sensitive to the light.
Eyes sometimes talk louder than words.
My eyes are bloodshot.
My eyes are sore.
I have eyestrain.
My eyes get tired very easily.
Her eyes shone as they reflected the light of the room.
My eyes are brimming with tears.
By the look in your eyes, I sense that you have gotten your back up.
Their eyes met.
Don't read under insufficient light, for it is bad for your eyes.
Out of sight, out of mind.
The number of visible stars is very great.
I got some sand in my eye.
I got a bug in my eye and I can't get it out.
What you see is what you want.
Tears came to my eyes.
Some students looked at her with tears in their eyes.
There was not a man without tears in his eyes.
I met a keen-eyed guy.
Tightly-knit carpets are generally more valuable.
I thought my eyes were playing tricks on me.
It's good to have the food cooked in front of you.
As far as the eye could reach, nothing was to be seen but a field of wheat.
There was nothing but water as far as the eye could reach.
The blind man felt his way toward the exit.
The blind young man has got over his handicap.
It is cruel to mock a blind man.
The eye is bigger than the belly.
I'm awake.
The eye is sensitive to light.
The eyes are as eloquent as the tongue.
The eye is the mirror of the soul.
The eye is the window of the soul.
I have mucus coming out of my eyes.
Hardly had I closed my eyes when I fell asleep.
Open your eyes.
I can't keep my eyes open.
Keep your eyes open.
Open your eyes, please.
He awoke and found himself shut up in a dark room.
I awoke to find everything had been a dream.
When she awoke, the family was there.
He woke up to find himself lying on a park bench.
Wake up!
Dry your eyes.
Don't keep your eyes on the ground; look at me.
He was sitting on a bench with his eyes closed.
Close your eyes, and count to ten.
Close your eyes, please.
Don't shut your eyes.
Lie on the bench for a while with your eyes closed.
Can you keep standing on one of your legs with closed eyes for a minute?
Close your eyes and go to sleep.
It happened while I wasn't looking.
Don't ignore your subordinates.
At present, he is in Canada.
The alarm went off at five-thirty.
I overslept because my alarm didn't go off.
When my alarm clock goes off, I always stop it in my sleep.
The alarm clock wakes me at seven.
The alarm clock is ten minutes fast.
The alarm went off.
Although the alarm rang I failed to wake up.
My alarm clock didn't work. That's why I was late.
I'll set the alarm for seven o'clock.
Turn off the alarm.
The alarm woke up Mayuko.
Adjust the setting of the alarm clock.
I opened my eyes to find myself on a sofa.
She woke to find herself in the hospital.
I awoke to find myself in a strange room.
You must be polite to your elders.
You must not think about your immediate profit only.
The impending examination loomed large in her mind.
Kill the goose that lays the golden eggs.
The end does not always justify the means.
Granting that the aim is right, how will you carry out the plan?
Does the end justify the means?
The end does not necessarily justify the means.
It looked tough to achieve his aim.
I found it difficult to achieve my purpose.
We played catch to achieve the goal.
She differs from the others in that she has a goal.
I'd like to buy eye drops.
Don't give yourself airs.
We took it for granted that she would take part in the speech contest.
Every man to his trade.
A specialist has his own strength.
I'll look it over after I come back.
He said on his return, "It has been a wonderful tour."
I'll return to get my handbag.
When I got back, my bag had disappeared without a trace.
I will have him call you the moment he gets back.
Upon inquiring, I learned that she was out.
The same old problem.
Is something wrong?
It's not his ability, but his character that is at issue.
The determining factor in question is whether this social welfare plan can facilitate the influx of immigrants.
With regard to the matter in question, I will write to you in detail later.
It is not her ability, but her character that is at issue.
The problem is Mr. Bark, the man whose secretary is away.
It is not what you read but how you read that matters.
The question is whether he will come on time.
The point at issue is not her ability but her character.
Sleeping on a problem solves it as easily as pouring oil on troubled waters.
The root of the problem is a lack of communication between departments.
The person in question is now staying in America.
Some test questions are unfair to gorillas.
The question is how to avoid nuclear war.
The problem lies in the fact that the necessary gap is bridged by perception.
The question is not so much what it is as how it looks.
The question is how we can raise the money.
The question is which to choose.
The question is how to say no without making them angry.
The problem is that solar energy costs too much.
The problem is how we cope with the present difficulties.
The problem is how to raise the funds.
The question is when to start.
The question is this.
The question is this: who called her on the phone?
The point is that mother is not very hard on the child.
The problem is who is going to tell him the truth.
The question is how we will bell the cat.
The question is where to buy the book.
The problem was where to eat lunch.
The problem was where to set up the tent.
The problem is that Nancy doesn't go to the club meetings.
I appreciate your problem, but it can't be helped.
I found the problem easier than I had expected.
The problem is what we should do with this money.
The problem is that we don't have enough money.
The question is not what education is for so much as how you go about it.
The trouble is that you are too young.
The problem is whether you can follow her English.
The problem is whether the plan will work.
But custody of the children was a problem.
The point is whether I accept or refuse.
The problem was that I had nothing to say to him.
The problem is what to do next.
The question is who made that mistake.
The question is who will do it.
The question is who will make the decision.
The question is: Who will bell the cat.
The question is who will go there for him.
The point is whether he will read the letter.
The question is how he will get the money.
The question is whether he will agree with us.
The question is whether he can be trusted.
The problem is that he is penniless.
The question is whether he can do it or not.
The point is whether she will read my letter or not.
The point is whether she will read the letter or not.
The question is whether she can be trusted.
The point is whether she will come or not.
The problem is not so much the cost as the time.
The point is that we don't know what is happening around us.
The question is left in abeyance.
The question is whether he will come to visit us next month.
The problem is whether my parents will agree or not.
We shouldn't let the problem rest here.
You mustn't leave your problems unsolved.
We've got to stick to the point.
The lady and her dog that were entering at the gate were stopped by the gatekeeper.
Fasten the gate.
Who is the man that is leaning against the gate?
I found a dog just inside the gate.
The lady standing by the gate is a famous singer.
I took my leave of them at the gate.
There is a man at the gate who wants to see you.
Do you know the old lady at the gate?
The dog kept barking at me at the gate and kept me from coming in.
The gate is closed at six.
The gate is wide enough for the car to go through.
The gate is too narrow for the car.
The gate is so narrow that the car can't pass through it.
The gate is open now.
Was the gate wide open or just ajar?
Knock, and it will be opened to you.
I went through the gate out onto the street.
It is time to shut the gate.
Is there a curfew?
A saint's maid quotes Latin.
The gatekeeper permitted me through the gate.
It is very hot at night.
You should avoid calling a person after ten at night.
The night was far advanced.
The dawn is just breaking.
As it was late at night and I was very tired, I put up at an inn.
It became colder as the night wore on.
Night came on.
Night coming on, the boys went home.
Night coming on, people began to get home.
They didn't run out of conversation until late at night.
Day began to break.
Day is breaking.
The dawn is breaking.
Day breaks.
It began to dawn.
There is a lot of danger in walking around here at night.
You must not insist on going out alone so late at night.
It was night.
Champagne flowed all night.
There were times, at falling night, when he looked up with curiosity to the stars.
I don't feel safe walking in that neighborhood at night.
I don't switch on the light in my studio at night.
Don't go to such a place at night.
Night coming on, we went home.
When night came on, we returned home.
Night coming on, we left for home.
Late in the evening we found our way to the foot of the mountain at last.
Night came on, and what was worse, it began to rain.
It may rain in the evening.
Swimming at night is dangerous.
I study for many hours at night.
I much prefer working at night.
Toward midnight, I fell asleep.
You ought not to call at this time of night.
Do you offer any night tours?
Darkness is falling.
I'd like to join a night bus tour.
Can you see in the darkness of the night?
Can you arrange for a night tour bus?
It must have rained during the night.
It must have rained during the night; the road is wet.
It rained during the night.
It may have rained during the night.
It cannot have rained during the night.
The snow that had piled up on the roof at night came down with a thud.
A fire broke out during the night.
During the night the wind blew cold.
Some stars began to appear in the night sky.
The sky in the night is a very clean thing.
The silence of the night comforts us.
In the still of the night I find peace and contentment.
A loud noise in the night scared him.
Two men began to fight on the street at night.
It's eight o'clock at night.
At night we can see more stars there than in Tokyo.
I'm going to stop at this hotel for the night.
Night is when most people go to bed.
At night, we usually go bowling.
It's supposed to rain at night.
In the evening, I have dinner at home with my family.
The streets emptied in the night.
I go to bed early at night.
The sun doesn't shine at night.
You must keep the gate closed for the night.
Let's stay until nightfall and watch the fireworks.
It is inconvenient to work in evening clothes.
Some animals are active at night.
Are there special evening rates?
I had a glimpse of a UFO in the night sky.
The stars twinkling in the night sky looked like jewels.
We found a beam of light in the night sky.
Stars were twinkling in the sky.
You must not stay up late, or you will hurt your health.
Staying up late nights is nothing to me.
I am used to sitting up late.
You must not stay up late.
Since I stayed up late, I'm very sleepy.
Don't sit up late.
We keep late hours.
What is done by night appears by day.
I had instant noodles as a midnight snack.
It's only when I can't sleep at night that the ticking of the clock becomes loud enough to bother me.
The young man had been sitting in the drawing room alone with the girl for a long time and it was getting late.
I asked him not to play the piano late at night.
You must not sit up late.
Don't sit up late at night.
I rarely, if ever, talk on the phone till late at night.
Not until late at night did he come home.
It is bad manners to visit late at night.
Don't call me so late at night.
The roads were very muddy since it had rained during the night.
I heard something crashing in the kitchen in the middle of the night.
I have a fever at night.
We woke up after midnight.
I heard our dog barking all night.
It was raining on and off all through the night.
Burglars broke into our apartment and stole my wife's fur coat.
I think it dangerous walking alone at night.
He was pale with fatigue after his sleepless night.
I caught cold from exposure to the night fog.
Step off the train all alone at dawn.
It was not till daybreak that he went to sleep.
An old man indulges in drinking.
The old man escaped, but with difficulty.
The field mice were eating up the farmers' grain.
The outdoor concert was canceled due to the storm.
It's a lot of fun playing outdoors.
Some students like baseball, and others like soccer.
I love baseball, and have hardly missed seeing any big games.
The baseball season has opened.
Love watching baseball and football.
When it comes to baseball, I don't know much.
A baseball came flying through the window.
Some people like baseball, others like soccer.
The most wonderful thing about baseball is teamwork.
Let's have dinner before we go to the baseball game.
The baseball game was canceled because of the heavy rain.
The baseball game was put off till next Sunday.
Let's play a game of baseball.
Baseball is often called "the great American sport".
Baseball is said to have been invented in Cooperstown in 1839.
Baseball is different from cricket.
I don't like baseball at all.
Are you fond of baseball?
Don't you like baseball?
Playing baseball is an outlet for energy.
Baseball is by far the most popular sport in Japan.
Baseball is an interesting sport.
Interest in baseball cuts across classes and ages in this country.
Have you ever played baseball?
A button came off when I was playing baseball.
Often I go crazy playing baseball.
Let's play baseball.
He proposed that we should play baseball.
Playing baseball is fun.
You have to be more careful when you play ball.
You need a bat, a ball and gloves to play baseball.
What fun it is to play baseball!
Playing baseball is a sport, and climbing mountains is a sport, too.
How about playing baseball?
Could you tell me how to get to the ballpark?
There were a lot of excited fans in the stadium.
There was not a long queue at the stadium.
The stadium was packed with excited spectators.
Your dream of becoming a baseball player will come true if you try hard.
Baseball players should allow for the wind in catching a fly.
The manager of the baseball department is people.
Stray dogs tramped about my garden.
The stray dog suddenly came at the child.
There was a voice crying in the field.
I feel like dancing in the fields.
The children failed to see the daisies dancing in the moonlight.
There were six sheep in the field.
There is a path through the fields.
A big tree in the field was struck by lightning.
The fields lay covered with deep snow.
The fields lay thickly covered with snow.
The field is covered with snow.
Hideyo Noguchi was a great man.
Dr. Hideo Noguchi died in Africa in 1928.
It is most important to chew your food, whether vegetable or meat, before you swallow it.
What do you think about vegetable tempura?
Some children do not like vegetables.
The prices of vegetables are down.
The price of vegetables varies from day to day.
Eat a lot of vegetables.
Hills and fields cloaked in spring colors.
The fielder failed to catch the ball.
Wild animals live in the forest.
Ambition is one of his characteristics.
Although ambitions are well worth having, they are not to be achieved easily.
A lot of reports came to the policeman that a wild monkey was found.
I like studying wild flowers.
No wild tigers are to be found in Africa.
Wild animals roamed across the plains.
Wild animals live in the jungle.
Please help me welcome Mr. Nomura.
I am watching wild birds.
Watching wild birds is great fun.
Bird watching is a nice hobby.
The opposition party put forward a bill to reduce income tax.
The opposition party is still harping on the scandal.
The savage robbed me of my precious jewels and ran away.
Ambition drove him to murder.
It causes quite a sensation when Nomo pitches a no-hitter.
The arrow pierced the thick board.
Let them all come.
The arrow went home.
The arrow hit the target.
The arrow fell short of the target.
The arrow glanced off the tree.
The arrow indicates the way to go.
The arrow indicates the way to Tokyo.
It's a difficult matter.
Troublemakers rarely become model citizens.
There is a black sheep in every flock.
Put aside all those which are useless.
Leave out anything that is useless.
An essential condition for a helpful interview is a quiet room in which doctor and parents can sit comfortably and in private without being interrupted.
The directors were reluctant to undertake so risky a venture.
An executive council was formed to discuss the new proposal.
A player has to memorize words.
It's a sop to Cerberus.
Some officials may have been corrupted.
It's about one month.
About an hour's walk brought us to the lake.
About two weeks.
I must remind you of your promise.
You should visit him by appointment.
It is one thing to promise, and another to perform.
She played the piano as promised.
We must avoid calling on others without an appointment.
You must be faithful to your word.
I took a taxi so that I would be in time for the appointment.
I took a bus so as not to be late for my appointment.
I was late for the appointment.
Do not fail to come here by the appointed time.
Always come by the time promised.
Don't fail to come here by the appointed time.
Be sure to come here by the appointed time.
The appointed day is close at hand.
You should come through with your promise.
You may as well keep your promise.
Keep your word; otherwise you'll end up losing face.
You ought to keep your promise.
Promises are things that must be kept.
Promises are made to be broken.
A promise is a promise.
If you make a promise, you should keep it.
Anyone who has made a promise should keep it.
I realized one month had passed without my making good my promise.
It was noticed after more than a month that that promise had not been carried out.
Could I change my appointment to 10:a.m.?
It is thoughtful of you to remind me of my promise.
You will keep your word, won't you?
I want you to keep your promise.
If you don't keep your promises, people won't take you seriously.
It is a shame not to keep your promise.
Many politicians fail to keep their word.
You must keep your promise.
It is very important to keep your word.
I think it is important that we keep our promise.
You must bind yourself to keep the promise.
Forgive me for breaking my promise.
We must not break our promise.
You should not break your promise.
Nothing offends people worse than broken promises.
It was irresponsible of him to break a promise.
It is irresponsible of you to break your promise.
It is not good to break a promise.
You ought not to break your promise.
Those who often break their promises are never trusted.
A man who breaks his promises cannot be trusted.
We must not forget our promise.
It wasn't very discreet of you to forget the appointment.
Don't go back on your promise.
He has a drug allergy.
Your medicine is ready.
Come back again when you finish your medicine.
The medicine had no effect.
The medicine has worked.
The medicine cured him of his illness.
If the medicine is abused, people can ruin their health.
You can't rely on medicine alone if you want to get well.
I'm allergic to some medicine.
Are you allergic to any medicine?
Some medicines will do you more harm than good.
Please explain how to take the medicine.
The effects of the medicine were wearing off.
I will find out how the medicine works.
The effect of the drug had worn off.
Let me write you a prescription for some medicine.
Where can I get the medicine?
Drugs should be used only at the direction of a doctor.
Medicine should be out of the way of children.
Put the medicine where children can't get at it.
Keep all medicines out of reach of children.
The medicine acted on his stomach.
I believe more in diet than in drugs.
Take medicine.
Keep the medicine away from children.
When taking drugs, follow the directions on the bottle carefully.
The drugstore is at the end of this road.
Wait till the kettle begins to sing.
The kettle is whistling on the stove.
The kettle is steaming.
The kettle is boiling.
The kettle must be boiling.
Take this prescription to your pharmacy.
We'll give your pharmacy a call.
Until what time does your pharmacy stay open?
The pharmacist made up the prescription for me.
You should keep the medicine box away from your child.
Compare the translation with the original.
A fox isn't caught twice in the same snare.
Have fun this summer!
Oil is running short.
I don't like a fat diet.
You cannot mix oil and water.
Oil does not mix with water.
Oil and water won't blend with each other.
Oil will float on water.
Keep oil away from the fire.
Oil paintings show to advantage at a distance.
You'd better stay on your guard.
Plenty of opportunities will present themselves, if only you are awake to them.
Security is the greatest enemy.
A blood transfusion is necessary.
The exports increased by billion dollars.
Exporting is a commercial activity which transcends borders.
The export business isn't doing well.
The strengthening of competitiveness on export markets is an urgent need.
The demand was brought down by increases in imports.
Multilateral trade negotiations ran aground over import quotas.
Import regulations have been relaxed recently.
Imported cars are in strong demand.
Imported cars account for less than eight percent.
Import restrictions are barriers to closer relations between the two countries.
I think they should put a heavy tax on imports.
Import goods are subject to high taxes.
Many efforts have been make to develop market for imports.
The rapid increase of imports surprised us.
Your only remedy is to go to the law.
The only useful knowledge is that which teaches us how to seek what is good and avoid what is evil.
Explain it in plain words.
He is kind.
The gentle-looking old man got up and gave his hand to me.
Even a good computer cannot beat you at chess.
The value of a good education cannot be measured in terms of money.
When will Yuko come to Denver?
Congratulations on the victory!
It's far from winning the first prize.
Not being able to decide what the priority should be is the biggest problem.
Being less urgent, this plan is lower in priority.
Bravery is a great virtue.
Who can read the heroic deeds of brave men without a feeling of respect and admiration?
There is no way out of the siege except to take the bull by the horns and let God judge the outcome.
Courage is required of everyone.
Have the courage to save our earth.
Face adversity with courage.
Keep a good heart and go on writing.
Summon up your courage and tell the truth.
None but the brave deserve the fair.
Pay honor to the brave.
None but the brave deserve our respect.
Even a child knows what it is like to be without friends.
My friend Sun shine on me now and ever.
He will take on the responsibility for his friends.
Have patience with a friend rather than lose him forever.
You cannot be too careful in choosing your friends.
It is true that we cannot be too careful choosing our friends.
The only way to have a friend is to be one.
It goes without saying that friendship is more important than business.
Friendship bound them together.
Friendship is a plant which must be often watered.
Friendship is the most precious of all.
Friendship is more precious than anything else.
Friendship consists of mutual understanding.
Nothing is so valuable as friendship.
There is nothing so important as friendship.
Sports are effective to cultivate friendship.
My friend sent me a letter asking how I was.
Soon you will find yourself friendless.
I could not but cheer when my friend was handed the trophy.
My friend is seriously injured.
I have got your name from my friend.
I advise you not to borrow money from your friends.
I received a letter from my friend.
A friend of mine called me up last night.
Just one year has gone by since my friend died.
I had plenty of time to talk to many friends.
I haven't met friends.
I have to go off because I have an appointment with a friend.
He took delight in talking with friends.
Unable to keep up with his friends, he fell behind at last.
I went all the way to see my friend, only to find him absent.
It is more ignominious to mistrust our friends than to be deceived by them.
Get your friend to help you.
My friend Kei is beautiful, but she is not considerate to others.
I have two gifts for friends.
My friend Henry was not in class yesterday, and neither was I.
My friend has a large family.
I was able to get a job through the good offices of my friend.
You should be careful in your choice of friends.
My friend shook his head as much as to say "impossible".
My friend wants a car of his own.
My friend got good marks in the English examination.
A friend of mine showed me all the dolls he had bought abroad.
All my friends came to my birthday party.
Will your friends be seeing you off at the airport?
My friend called me a coward.
My friend is opposed to my opinion.
Friends should help one another.
I have few friends.
My friend departed from Narita for Paris.
Few treasures are worth as much as a friend.
I've been to the station to meet a friend.
Some have come to meet their friends and others to see theirs off.
I have just been to the airport to see my friend off.
I have been to the station to see a friend off.
I have been to see my friend off.
I'm visiting a friend of mine in hospital.
It is easy to make a man one's friend, but hard to keep him so.
You should be careful in choosing friends.
My friends congratulated me on my success.
My friends scolded me for my stupid behavior.
My friends invited me to dinner.
Friends hung that name on her.
I am disappointed that my friend is not here.
A friend of mine asked me to send her a postcard.
All my friends encouraged me to try my best.
She felt lonely when all her friends had gone home.
I came into a pair of tickets from a friend.
I feel restless when I have to wait too long for my friend to show up.
A friend of mine is coming this evening.
My friends celebrated my birthday.
I went in the direction my friend indicated.
Nancy is happy in that she has many friends.
A friend comes to play at our house tomorrow.
He is not a friend, but an acquaintance.
As the friend, I gave an opinion.
I played a match of tennis with my friend, but lost.
Do you get on with your friends?
I went shopping with a friend.
I am going to eat an evening meal with a friend.
We passed the evening away talking with our friends.
I hadn't seen my friend for over twenty years.
Say good-bye to your friends.
I borrowed money from my friends.
My friends treated me to a meal.
Don't be unkind to your friends.
I have a friend waiting for me in front of the library.
Don't find fault with your friend.
John, a friend of mine, told me so.
I cannot relax if one of my friends is anxious.
She was taken care of by one of her friends.
Don't lean on your friends for help.
He is going to stay at a friend's house.
Never betray the trust of your friends.
What do your friends call you?
Do you have many friends?
My friends call me Ken.
My friends call me Beth.
The friend was absent.
I've made lots of friends.
All my friends and family are dead.
Nothing is more important than your friends are.
You must be careful in choosing your friends.
You can tell what a person is like by looking at his friends.
I have been to the airport to see my friend off.
I went to the station to see my friend off.
Can I have a friend paged?
We're having some friends over.
You should choose your friends very carefully.
Bring along your friend.
I don't believe that ghosts exist.
It is difficult to prove that ghosts exist.
She stood transfixed as if she had seen a ghost.
Some people believe in ghosts.
Ghosts exist.
I think that ghosts exist.
Do ghosts really exist?
When I saw the ghost, I was so frightened that my hair stood on end.
I often get the blues.
I spent all the money I had to buy the book.
All the money was gone.
Thank you. Please do.
Voters must not be corrupted.
It would be difficult to improve the device without an effective catalyst.
It's valid until March thirty-first, nineteen-ninety-seven.
An able sportsman should be brave.
The talented finance minister's ingenuity has helped his bankrupt nation to get out of the red.
The capable detective was assigned to investigate the cause of the tragedy.
An efficient FBI agent does not make any bones about carrying out his duties.
Prospective buyers couldn't make heads or tails out of the contract.
The noted diplomat readily participated in the committee.
The famous pianist smiled.
That's an item from a famous company.
A famous architect built this house.
Did you go to any famous gardens?
Famous china is on display.
In addition to being a famous physicist, he is a great novelist.
He's letting his fame go to his head.
The famous author created another best-selling book.
We rarely come across big names.
Do you think we'll get a chance to rub shoulders with any celebrities?
You need to have exact change to pay the toll of the expressway.
Yuki! It's great to see you again!
Yukiko likes potatoes.
Yuka types better than Alice.
Yuka fell in love the moment she was introduced to the newly-appointed English teacher.
For the first time in her life, Yuka has finished reading an English book.
I was watching TV when Yumi came.
Yumi and Emi were studying for their English test.
Yumi's hobby is singing popular songs.
Yumi is one of my friends.
Yumi is leaving for Osaka the day after tomorrow.
Yumi is happy, isn't she?
Yumi will not play tennis.
Yumi goes to the park to play tennis.
Yumi is good at playing tennis.
Yumi studied English last night.
Yumi went there by herself.
Yumi got up early to listen to the English program.
Yumi speaks English very well.
Yumi studies English hard.
Yumi will become a teacher.
Yumi plays tennis on Sunday.
Yumi has many books.
Yumi will use this camera tomorrow afternoon.
Yuko started the race very quickly.
Yuko has never spoken with a foreigner.
Sometimes rich people look down on other people who do not have much money.
The rich and the poor are afraid of death.
The gap between rich and poor is getting wider.
Live in affluence.
Thank you for asking me, but maybe next time.
The kidnappers showed no sign of giving up.
It's hard to resist temptation.
You must not yield to temptation.
More play will mean less time to study.
Play or study - the choice is yours.
Can I go out and play?
Come and see me.
I wanna go out.
Fun and games are over.
Let's play.
Don't do such a thing in fun.
Don't come to school just for fun.
Business before pleasure.
I still have a lot of time for fun.
The sound of children playing was borne on the wind.
The promenade is parallel to the shore.
It looks like there's a pleasure boat.
Postal services are a government monopoly.
The mail is delayed because of the strike.
The mail has arrived.
Please address your mail clearly and correctly.
The mail is delivered once a day.
The mail arrives before you go.
It must be the postman.
The postman delivers letters every morning.
Has the postman been yet?
In the post office, mail is classified according to the place where it is to go.
When the thing was sent into the post office, the goods were lost due to the mistake of the post office.
I keep a good supply of stamps to save trips to the post office.
I am going to inform the post office of the change of my address.
I'm going by the post office.
The post office is just across from the store.
The post office is a few minutes' walk from here.
The post office is the brown building.
The post office is down the street.
Where is the post office?
Where can I find the post office?
The post office is just across from the bank.
The post office is not far from your college.
The post office is adjacent to the library.
The post office is just off the main street.
The post office is located in the center of the town.
The post office is down the street. You cannot miss it.
The post office is half a mile away.
Can you direct me to the post office?
Please tell me the way to the post office.
I've just been to the post office.
Would you mind giving me a ride to the post office?
The postman was bitten by that dog.
The mailman comes around every three days.
It is funny that the mailman hasn't come yet.
The second the mailman comes, he rushes out to pick up his mail.
The mail carrier delivers mail from door to door.
What will the postage be?
The male peacock has colorful tail feathers.
The eloquent scholar readily participated in the debate.
I had a slight headache last night.
I passed by your house about last night.
I have had a slight headache since last night.
I had a date with Jane last night.
Was it you that left the door open last night?
There wasn't much news in last night's newspaper.
It wasn't very hot last night.
I slept so well last night.
I did not sleep at all last night.
It froze hard last night.
The moon was bright last night.
Last night I could not do my homework on account of a long blackout.
I sat up all last night reading a novel.
Last night you forgot to turn off the radio, didn't you?
Did you call me last night?
It frosted last night.
It snowed a good deal last night.
Last night his father passed away because of his illness.
His house was broken into last night.
Dusk fell over the desert.
The twilight merged into darkness.
The tower looks beautiful against the evening sky.
We may well have rain this evening.
An evening glow often promises good weather.
The sunset glows in the west.
After he finished supper, he began to read the novel.
When dinner was over, we adjourned to the sitting room.
Supper was laid out on the table.
Dinner finished, they enjoyed playing cards.
After dinner, a movie announcement is made.
Let's have dinner.
I don't care where we eat dinner. It's entirely up to you.
I know a good place for dinner.
Would you like to come over to our house for dinner?
Do you have guests for dinner?
Thank you for inviting me to dinner.
All the family meet at evening meals.
I'll prepare sashimi for dinner.
How about going out for dinner?
I'm glad to be invited to dinner.
May I invite you to dinner?
After dinner, we all went into the drawing room.
You can watch TV after supper.
After dinner, we played cards till eleven.
It's time for dinner.
It is now dinner time, and flight attendants begin to serve dinner.
I wonder if dinner is ready.
The dinner is almost ready.
Dinner is ready, so we can eat whenever we want.
Are you ready for dinner?
I don't want dinner.
What would you like for supper?
What time will dinner be served?
What time do you have supper?
Are you going to have dinner at home?
It seems that supper will be late.
She cooked the dinner herself.
How long will it be to dinner?
I'd like to have dinner with you.
I'll go out after having dinner.
Let me fix dinner for you.
Shall I cook dinner for you?
Shall I fix you supper?
After dinner, George's dad took him aside.
After supper, I always find myself falling asleep.
I watched the news on TV after supper.
In their discourse after dinner, they talked about politics.
After supper, he studies his lessons for three hours.
You must not go out after dinner.
Let's continue the game after supper.
I often enjoy listening to music after supper.
How about going out for a walk after dinner?
My father went jogging after dinner.
About dinner time, Rev. King was on the balcony outside his room.
You are to do your homework before supper.
See that you finish your homework before supper.
Let me pay for the dinner.
The setting sun flushed the high roof.
Time for dinner.
Have you had dinner?
Hurry in for supper.
The telephone rang while I was having supper.
Evening was closing in on the valley.
People gather around here when it gets dark.
Evening was drawing near.
It began to rain toward evening.
It said rain from this evening.
The travelers made haste as evening drew near.
Evening is drawing on.
It looks like snow toward evening.
In the evening my pigeon returned to me wounded seriously.
Moderate exercise in the evening helps induce sleep.
What does she do in the evening?
It's five in the evening.
Is there a flight in the evening?
I help my mother in the evening.
By evening the shadow of the tree reached the wall.
She will have finished her job by evening.
Drop by my office this evening.
It came to rain toward evening.
In the evening, I walk with my dog.
I was caught in an evening shower.
I was caught in a shower and got drenched to the skin.
I regret that I will be unable to meet you on February owing to an unexpected matter.
An unexpected result came about.
Some unexpected difficulties have arisen.
Since unexpected incidents occurred one after another, the exhibition was called off.
We should provide for unexpected events.
We ran over the budget by two thousand yen.
We are traveling on a tight budget.
A budget is a plan or schedule adjusting expenses during a certain period to the estimated or fixed income for that period.
The budget was narrowly approved by Congress.
How much would you want to pay for the tour?
We must find the money, Madam Chairman, for the sake of the children.
The budget must be balanced.
The budget appears to be inaccurate and unrealistic.
I reviewed the budget, and decided to cut costs.
The budget passed the Upper House.
You may as well begin to prepare your lessons.
As was expected, they lost the contest.
They were spoiled, as might have been expected.
This bad weather is more than I bargained for.
There were more spectators than I had expected.
People were bewildered by the unexpected situation.
It's behind schedule.
The schedule must be maintained.
We landed at Narita a little behind schedule.
It's ahead of schedule.
I'm running behind schedule.
Right on schedule, that contractor came around today, begging for more time.
Could you tell me the ETA?
I'm expecting my baby in the middle of January.
I'll check my schedule.
I'll visit you on Sunday, if I don't write you to the contrary.
I need an extra pillow.
I need an extra blanket.
It snowed as was forecast.
They forecast it will be cloudy tomorrow.
The prediction was for more snow.
Preventive measures are much more effective than the actual treatment.
Prevention is much preferable to cure.
An ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure.
Defensive driving can help you avoid accidents.
I've got to get some shots.
I'd like to make a reservation.
I have a reservation.
Can you fix me a reservation?
Hey you, make a reservation.
I'd like to reconfirm my flight.
Your reservation is reconfirmed.
We'd like to confirm our reservations.
Do I need to reconfirm?
Please let me know the confirmation number you were told when you reserved the room.
If you can't come on the day of your appointment, be sure to let us know by the previous day.
Do you have an appointment?
Could I make a reservation?
At which window can I make a reservation?
Please make your reservation one week in advance.
I have a confirmed reservation.
All the seats are sold in advance.
I'm going to leave one night early.
I'd like to change my reservation for three to five nights.
I'd like to change my reservation from three to five nights.
Can I make a reservation?
In order to get a reservation, you must use her name.
Could you cancel my reservation?
I'd like to change my reservation.
Will the fare change if I change the reservation?
Please tell the reservation clerk, Mr Ichiro Takahashi, your credit card number to confirm your reservation.
The reservation desk, please.
All subscriptions must be paid before the end of this year.
Are there reserved seats on the train?
The reservation number is 1003.
Too many people are indifferent to politics.
I'm afraid it's not a good idea.
They consider it impolite to disagree with someone they don't know very well.
I didn't enjoy it very much.
Don't eat too much.
You needn't worry too much.
Leisure has been viewed as a means to an end.
Try to make good use of your spare time.
Make the best of your time.
What's your favorite pastime?
Try to utilize your leisure for reading.
Attend to your own business.
None of your business.
The extra effort raised his blood pressure above normal.
I want to spend rest of the life pursuing my ideals.
We have plenty of time to spare.
You should put aside some money when you can afford to.
It's necessary for you to make the best use of your time.
Minds that have nothing to confer find little to perceive.
I've nothing to give.
Party leaders are hammering out a proposal for political reform.
The ruling party has secured seats as of o'clock.
The ruling party pushed its tax bill through.
The government got their majority at the last election.
The party in power is corrupt, but the opposition is little better.
The ruling party is running a smear campaign against the opposition.
Heed public opinion.
Could you give me back my valuables?
I want to deposit some money.
Open an account.
I'd like to open a savings account.
Prophets have been forecasting the end of the world for centuries.
Child as he was, he was brave.
Young children should be exposed to good music.
It is absurd to believe that young children can run faster than policemen.
A young child has a small vocabulary.
I heard a young girl call for help.
The little girl stuck out her tongue at him.
The little boy embraced his dog.
We need more medical care for infants.
An infant is not capable of speaking, so it just screams until it gets what it wants.
Infants are subject to diseases.
The infant has faith in his mother taking care of him.
It is an act of cruelty to lock a small child in his room.
Crude persuasion is to persistently egg someone on.
The kindergarten children were walking hand in hand in the park.
The fairy changed the prince into a cat.
Do you believe in fairies?
Read such books as can be easily understood.
Do not look upon the vessel but upon that which it contains.
The whereabouts of the suspect is still unknown.
The suspect was innocent of the crime.
The suspect began to confess at last.
The suspect was hiding out in the mountains for three weeks.
The suspect was given the third degree until he confessed his crime.
The suspect told a lie to the inspector.
The suspect wanted to avoid being arrested.
To calculate the capacity, multiply the length by the width by the depth.
Avoid fried foods for a while.
Fried food usually doesn't agree with me.
The shaking began to slowly get less.
Judging from his appearance, he may be a soldier.
There are many kinds of insurance such as: health insurance, fire insurance, life insurance, etc.
It's natural that Yoko should say a thing like that.
Who can speak English better, Yoko or Yumi?
Yoko speaks English, doesn't she?
Aunt Yoko is too weak to work.
Yoko went shopping yesterday.
Yoko found it impossible to live alone any longer.
Yoko is unable to buy a computer.
Yoko ignored John completely, and he did the same to her.
Yoko bought some of them.
Yoko is the captain of the volleyball team.
Yoko danced with a grace that surprised us.
Where can Yoko have gone?
Yoko is in London now. She's studying English.
Yoko avoided answering my question.
Yoko will go to Kyoto next week.
You should know better than to spend all your money on clothes.
Western clothes are easier to work in than Japanese clothes.
I don't earn enough money to buy clothes regularly.
Tom's efforts to open a clothing store went up in smoke.
A satellite was launched into orbit to monitor melting glaciers.
Can you give me a geological explanation of lava?
Please go ahead of me, because I have something to do.
I was hardly prepared.
Careful preparations ensure success.
Lend me a tool set please.
Write your name at the bottom of the paper.
I filled in my name on the form.
Hand in the three sheets of paper together.
Each sheet bears a number in sequence.
We must have a new supply of forms.
Much caution does no harm.
Take care!
You had better take your umbrella in case.
Two sheep were killed by a wolf.
The sheep were feeding in the meadow.
Sheep are feeding in the meadow.
Can you tell a sheep from a goat?
What sound does a sheep make?
Sheep feed on grass.
We will be able to raise cows and sheep, too.
There were shepherds keeping watch over their flock.
Wool dyes nicely.
Leaves fell down every now and then.
Leaves were whirling in the air.
Leaves turn to gold.
The leaves have begun to color.
The leaves fell.
Leaves are to plants what lungs are to animals.
The leaves have begun to turn.
Have a cigar?
When Yoko and I heard the sirens stop nearby, we quickly decided to go check it out.
Send me a postcard.
In brief, the party was splendid.
The man, in short, is not to be trusted.
In effect, flowers are the creators of honey.
In brief, he was careless.
To sum up, we can say that his new novel is disappointing.
In short, he was too honest.
In brief, Sherlock lives.
In a word, life is short.
In brief, I need money. Please lend it to me!
In a word, you hate me, don't you?
The long and the short of it is that I was fired.
In brief, he was wrong.
In a word, he tires of everything.
In a word, he gained much profit.
The point is they're too young.
The point is that they are hungry.
In a word, I don't trust him.
The point is that you didn't teach them grammar.
The point is that she doesn't do homework for herself.
The point is that the mothers are too busy.
Everything that was asked for has now been sent.
The request was granted.
As requested, we are submitting our final report.
The fortress was in the enemy's hands.
We can eliminate C and D since they are irrelevant to the generation of the arcs.
It is highly probable that the deletion of element C will still yield the same result.
I brought the point home to the student.
Let's get down to brass tacks and make a decision.
Please send in your summary by Tuesday.
Would you like to dance?
They communicate the distance and direction of the food by dancing.
Let's go dancing, shall we?
Let's dance, shall we?
The dancers were beautifully got up.
Their grace comes from hard work, sweat, and pain.
The dancers look delicate in their white dresses, but they are really as strong as horses.
The dancers tripped lightly across the stage.
The dancer spun on his toes.
Let's start before the sun rises.
The sun sank below the horizon before I knew it.
As the weather became colder, he went from bad to worse.
The warm weather will bring the fruit trees into blossom soon.
At a hilarious party, one frequently finds a wet blanket sitting next to the life of the party.
Yoko would not have taken chemistry unless she had needed it.
It's a good idea to cover up when the sun is this strong.
He sent me a letter to the effect that his poultry farm would go bankrupt sooner or later.
The adopted child lived a happy life with her new family.
Take as much as you want to.
All I want is you.
Don't hesitate to ask if you want anything.
I will give you anything you want.
Take anything you want.
Greed seems to have blinded his good judgement.
The greedy man was by no means satisfied with the reward.
His greed brought him low.
Your eyes are bigger than your stomach.
The lust denies the need.
Don't confuse desire with love.
I weighed myself on the bathroom scales.
The lights in the bathroom aren't working.
Is the bath clean?
Don't leave the bathroom in such a mess.
Single with bath, right?
I want a double for two with bath.
The next morning found him traveling by bus.
The next morning found him on a spaceship.
The next morning found him famous throughout the village.
The next morning I woke to see the fruit trees in bloom underneath my window.
He was nervous because he was leaving for America the next morning.
It was not till the next morning that we knew the fact.
Not until the following morning did we see land.
We were very sleepy the next morning.
There was nothing to do but wait until the next morning.
The next morning, the snowman had completely melted.
Early the next morning, the circus left for the next town.
The next day the battery was flat again.
The next day at the newspaper office he drew a bun which contained a dachshund inside - not a dachshund sausage, but a dachshund.
It was not until the next day that they found her.
I should be back home the next day.
I had sore legs the next day.
He said he would see me the next day.
Those who came on the following day were in danger.
The next year, World War I broke out.
The compass pointer always seeks north.
Naked boys were swimming in the river.
You may come with us if you want to.
Whoever wants to come will be welcomed.
You may bring whoever wants to come.
You may invite any person who wants to come.
No one came except Mary.
As many men as came were caught.
As many men as came were welcomed.
I'd be very glad if you'd come.
Please help me distribute these pamphlets to visitors.
You are kind to come.
Please come.
Please come. I'm anxious to see you.
I just want you to come.
Come and help us.
Come and see this girl out.
I thought you wouldn't come.
No, I suppose not.
Don't come unless I tell you to.
You must make it clear whether you can come.
Let me know whenever you come.
He came regardless of my instructions.
She'll come even if you tell her not to.
Whoever comes will be welcomed.
Whoever comes will be welcome.
Why didn't you phone before coming?
Something must have happened to him on the way.
Day after day, the dog sat waiting for his master in front of the station.
Day in, day out the dog went to the station to wait for its master.
It rained day after day.
Day after day I write to her.
It has been snowing day after day.
If you can't make it, call us as soon as possible.
All the guests did justice to his wife's cooking.
An up-to-date edition of the encyclopedia will come out next month.
On the tenth of next month, they will have been married for twenty years.
Will you be seventeen next month?
I will be leaving for Australia next month.
I'll see you next month.
We will increase the rent next month.
We're moving out of this apartment next month.
Taxi fares will go up next month.
I will have lived here for ten years next month.
I am moving next month.
What is the program of the Kabuki for next month?
The loss must be made up for next month.
I'll be very busy next month.
The French president is to visit Japan next month.
Watch out for his latest movie which comes out next month.
We are moving next month.
I'll be taking a vacation next month.
A new serial will begin in next month's issue.
She is going to have kittens next month.
We are going to have a baby next month.
I have just received a letter from a friend saying that she is coming to see me next week.
Next week, I will sit a university entrance examination.
Please remember to see my father next week.
Would you please allow me to treat you to dinner next week?
I'll expect you next week.
I'm looking forward to seeing you next week.
I'd like to visit you next week. What day of the week would it be convenient for you?
Tests start next week.
Midterm exams are next week. Just cramming the night before won't get you ready. The time to start studying is now.
I am going to a concert next week.
I expect to see Mr Jones next week.
Next week, millions of people will be watching the TV program.
Next week a family will move in.
I will go to New York next week.
Please tell me what will be coming next week.
The board of directors is going to discuss the proposal next Tuesday.
Until Monday or Tuesday of next week.
Try us again next Monday.
We are leaving Narita next Monday.
I'll give it back next Monday without fail.
I will be flying about this time next party.
I'll pay you back a week from today, that is, on July 21.
I'll see you a week from today.
There will be no school a week from today.
We're having a party next Saturday.
I will be free next Saturday.
I'll be free next Sunday.
By next Sunday, I'll have read through the novel.
I will teach you how to fish next Sunday.
Come and see me on Sunday next week.
Next Sunday we are going to have a party for Mr Oka.
Won't you come and see me next week?
I'm going to Hawaii next week, so I have to go and exchange some yen for dollars at the bank.
I'll be busy next week.
I'll have to work overtime every day next week.
Check back next week.
I'd like to see you again next week.
Until next week.
Memorize the poem by next week.
Let's put it off till next week.
I will be leaving for Morocco next week.
I'm planning to leave for Europe next week.
I'll have to take a make-up test in English next week.
I was wondering if I could take a vacation next week.
I'll be in Tokyo on business next week.
I'll visit my uncle next week.
The exam is coming up next week.
Can you sit for the exam next week?
I'll explain in detail next week.
I am thinking of going to Kobe next week.
I'll get you the info you need by next week.
I do not believe the weather will change for the worse next week.
What do you say to a bus tour next Saturday?
I am supposed to go to Tokyo next week.
I am going to take two days off next week.
Next week, he is going to New York on business.
He will have to undergo an operation next week.
I'm going to drop in on her next week.
Would you like to come in for an interview next week?
I will get in touch with you next week.
Oceans are expected to rise by centimeters by the end of the next century.
I hope to go to Canada next year.
I want to study abroad next year.
I'm considering studying in America next year.
The new national elder-care insurance system starts next year, right?
A new hotel will be built here next year.
He will have lived in Paris for ten years next year.
There is no telling what may happen next year.
You will have studied English for four years next March.
I'll have worked here ten years next April.
Next year is the devil's joke.
We will be studying very hard this time next year.
I guess I'll be living with you a year from now.
By this time next year, you will have visited almost all the famous places in Japan.
He retires next spring.
Next spring I want to graduate.
What will the Japanese economy be like next year?
Next year my birthday will fall on a Sunday.
I'll be seventeen next year.
You'll have to study harder next year.
I'll be able to see you next year.
I'm thinking of going to Canada next year.
Calculate how much money we will need next year.
You will have to study harder next year.
I'm going to see the sights of Paris next year.
I will be able to see you next year.
I hope to build a new house next year.
I'll be able to see him next year.
A recession is bound to come next year.
Hats are coming into fashion.
Let's get together again next year.
How would you like to come and spend a week with us next year?
Next year, we'll be starting college.
Next year I will be three times as old as you.
I am taking French next year.
I am going to work in Osaka next year.
They will have been in America for ten years next year.
How long will you have been working here by the end of next year?
A party was held in honor of the visiting writer.
Be prompt to do what is asked.
The flower is yours for the asking.
I need a favor.
Do be quiet, please!
For God's sake tell me the truth.
I'm begging you.
I'm depending on you.
I'm still waiting for my breakfast. Bring it to me now, please.
Lightning struck the tower.
Thunder rolled with menacing crashes.
A thunderbolt is likely to fall any minute.
First it thundered, and then it started to rain.
Lightning normally accompanies thunder.
Thunder indicates that a storm is near.
Thunder has been explained scientifically, and people no longer believe it is a sign that the gods are angry with them, so thunder, too, is a little less frightening.
Lightning is liable to hit metal.
The thunder frightened the students.
Trains were disrupted due to a thunderstorm.
The storm-clouds brooded over the valley.
The thunder became louder.
The thunder roared.
A sharp crack of thunder split the sky.
It is because light travels faster than sound that we see lightning before we hear thunder.
The animals were scared by the thunder.
Play it cool.
You've got to get down to your work.
Hey, relax.
Would you relax, man?
I grasped the rope so as not to fall.
Take care lest you should fall.
If I don't fail, I will get my driving license before New Year.
Fear of falling caused him to freeze.
Don't go too close to the pond so that you won't fall in.
The decline is not so deep after seasonal adjustment.
Come on, I didn't mean to hurt you.
She's depressed.
Call me when you get settled in.
Calm down and begin at the beginning.
We must keep calm.
Calm down. I'll come over as soon as possible.
I must have lost it.
A blow from a falling stone killed him.
Watch out for falling objects!
Fallen rocks closed the way.
A fallen rock barred his way.
Fallen rocks cut off the only access to the village.
Falling rocks present a danger to climbers.
I will be a repeater!
Study hard so you don't fail.
You must study hard lest you fail.
The fall from the horse resulted in a broken leg.
Please get rid of the dead leaves.
We had a rough flight because of turbulence.
You can solve the problem in nonviolent ways.
Don't be rough in speech.
Mix three eggs and a cup of sugar.
Don't count your chickens before they are hatched.
All the eggs went bad.
There were ten eggs in all.
Mix eggs with sugar.
Help me with shelling these eggs!
The shell of an egg is easily broken.
The shape of an egg is like the shape of a naught (0).
The price of eggs is going up.
You can set the white of an egg by boiling it.
Eggs are sold by the dozen.
They sell eggs at the supermarket.
How would you like your eggs?
How do you like your eggs done?
Eggs tend to go bad in summer.
I don't care for eggs.
Boil the eggs hard.
The eggs were graded according to weight and size.
Beat the eggs.
Please boil an egg for me.
Would you please boil my eggs for minutes?
Please don't boil the eggs so hard.
I want a boiled egg.
Pack eggs in dozens.
Boil one egg.
Please keep from breaking the eggs.
Take care not to break the eggs.
You cannot make an omelet without breaking eggs.
I hard-boiled an egg.
It was his job to gather eggs.
Fry an egg for me.
He gets hives when he eats eggs.
You must be careful not to drop the eggs.
But for the storm, I would have arrived earlier.
The storm has gradually abated.
If it had not been for the storm, I would have arrived earlier.
The storm rattled the shutters.
The storm blew up.
A storm is brewing.
A storm was approaching our town.
When the storm was over, we began to make preparations to leave the port.
They announced that a storm was coming.
The crops were badly damaged by the storm.
Many trees were blown down by the storm.
The storm knocked out power.
A storm confined them to the house.
There is going to be a storm.
We are going to have a storm.
In spite of the storm, he went out.
After the storm, it was calm.
There is a threat of a storm.
The storm prevented many planes from leaving the airport.
The storm sank the boat.
The storm prevented us from arriving on time.
Owing to the storm, the ship could not leave port.
The storm prevented me from going out for a walk.
Because of the storm, we were obliged to stay at home.
We put off our departure owing to the storm.
A storm prevented the plane from taking off.
The storm hindered us from searching for the missing child.
We were compelled to stay at home on account of the storm.
The storm prevented us from going out.
The storm prevented me from leaving.
Owing to the storm, they arrived late.
The storm prevented her from arriving on time.
The storm stopped the train.
All the passengers got seasick during the storm.
The electricity failed during the storm.
The fury of the storm frightened the children.
The radio station came back on the air shortly after the storm.
The sky cleared up soon after the storm.
After the storm, the sea was calm.
After the storm, the road was blocked with fallen trees.
Any port in a storm.
It was the calm before the storm.
I think it's dangerous to climb a mountain on a day when it's stormy.
The storm has done no harm.
The storm caused a lot of damage.
How long will the storm last?
The storm was at its worst.
The storm was at its height.
It appears the storm has calmed down.
The storm did heavy damage to the crops.
The storm had a bad impact on the crops.
The storm did a lot of harm to the crops.
The storm did great harm to the crop.
The storm didn't abate for several hours.
The storm has died down.
The storm brought about much damage.
The storm brought about a lot of damage.
The storm developed into a typhoon.
We took refuge from the storm in a nearby barn.
The profit will amount to three million dollars.
Benefits are in effect.
Are the profits exclusive of taxes?
According to Tom, Mary is just a predatory guru who promises gain.
Brokers struggling to make a profit don't always play by the book.
You ought not to act selfishly.
A selfish man thinks of nothing but his own feelings.
The ingenious boy won a prize for his invention.
A clever student would not do such a thing.
The clever student finished the test quickly.
Even smart folks become absent-minded at times.
A clever student can answer such a question easily.
What's the name of your pharmacy?
Terms of use may be changed without notice.
Gradually the interest rate will increase.
Enclose your resume in this envelope and submit it to the personnel department.
Pears are running large this year.
I found it rather difficult to make myself understood.
Rie and I went to the same school.
Rie has erroneous ideas.
The Board of Trustees voted to divest the organization's overseas holdings.
We must hold a meeting of the council of directors.
Human beings differ from other animals in that they have reason.
Men who were bereft of reason conducted the war.
No rational person, of whatever political persuasion, could possibly object to the program.
A man of reason could answer the question.
The ideal shape was the teardrop.
A barber is a man who shaves and cuts men's hair.
I met him at the barber's.
I have been to the barber's.
I fail to see the reason.
Whatever the reason, they did not marry.
The reasons are as follows.
No one can tell the reason.
It is difficult for a theory to survive such a test.
Theory and practice do not necessarily go together.
Complete agreement between theory and practice is a rare case.
Theory and practice should go hand in hand.
You should combine theory with practice.
Theory and practice do not always go together.
A theory must be followed by practice.
Although the arguments were rational, he was not convinced.
I would like to make a few remarks before turning to a close examination of the theory.
It is important to combine theory with practice.
In theory it is possible, but in practice it is very difficult.
As for the theoretical side, Peterson's claim is pertinent to our discussion.
He can pull strings for you.
I could not but suspect that there was something behind it.
Tracing a renegade's family background, you'll find him the black sheep.
The traitor betrayed his country to the enemy.
I'd like a room in the back.
Seen from a distance, it looks like a man.
Seen at a distance, the rock looks like a human face.
Respect is greater from a distance.
Seen from a distance, he looks much younger than he really is.
Distance lends enchantment to the view.
Go jump in the lake.
We've just spent two weeks apart.
Detachment provides perspective, which in turn permits a certain amount of pattern recognition.
I'm sorry to hear that you got a divorce.
I think she will divorce him.
Divorce tends to be associated with a negative image.
It is certain that the increase of divorce will lead to anxiety between couples, parents and children.
Divorce is becoming more common nowadays.
Divorce rates might reach a plateau soon.
The divorce rate is expected to rise.
Please secure your seat belt during takeoff and landing.
The sound of jets taking off gets on my nerves.
Taking off is easier than landing.
You must fasten your seat belts during take-off.
Your ears pop when the plane takes off.
Land came in sight.
Land and water make up the earth's surface.
A fish out of water.
No land was to be seen anywhere.
Land covers about percent of the surface of the earth.
Land occupies the minor portion of the earth's surface.
The place is not accessible by land.
Stop beating around the bush and tell us what you really think.
Let me hear your frank opinion.
Frankly speaking, I don't agree with you.
Frankly speaking, it's difficult to understand why you want to go.
Frankly speaking, your way of thinking is out of date.
Frankly speaking, it was difficult for me to make out what he was saying.
To put it frankly, he is a critic rather than a writer.
Frankly speaking, he is an unreliable man.
To speak frankly, I think he is a good boss.
Frankly speaking, this novel isn't very interesting.
Frankly speaking, I hate him.
Frankly speaking, he is more of a hypocrite than a patriot.
To speak frankly, I don't like the idea.
Frankly speaking, I don't like your haircut.
Frankly speaking, I don't like you.
Frankly speaking, I don't want to work with him.
To speak frankly I don't like him.
Frankly speaking, his new novel is not very interesting.
To speak frankly, I don't like your idea.
Frankly speaking, I don't want to go with you.
Frankly speaking, it doesn't suit you.
Frankly speaking, I don't care for her very much.
Speak to me freely.
I get dizzy spells when I stand up.
Stand up!
How long is the stopover?
Do you have any standing room?
When I stood up, my head was swimming.
Don't stand up.
Keep out.
Keep out!
I didn't mean to eavesdrop, but I did overhear you.
I could scarcely stand on my feet.
It was all I could do to keep standing.
Those standing were all men.
Stand up, please.
Your presentation was so smooth and fluent - what can I say?
Lately it's not so fashionable to measure success by how far you climb up the corporate ladder.
It's magnificent.
Fine feathers make fine birds.
Even though he didn't sleep, Mr. Blay gave a great speech.
We commended him for his good work.
A good purpose makes hard work a pleasure.
If you stack the dishes up by the sink, I'll do them later.
Let's try and swim against the current.
The force of the current carried the bridge away.
The stream is not very swift.
The stream falls into the pond.
Never swap horses while crossing a stream.
A shooting star dashed through the sky.
Few people die away at the approach of winter.
The flu prevented him from playing golf.
I was vaccinated against the flu.
They say you shouldn't take rumors seriously, but that's easier said than done.
I gave up keeping up with trends.
Fashions change quickly.
Fashions grow old and die.
Don't follow fashion.
I would like to speak English fluently.
You should take liquid food.
The hook doesn't catch.
I have the same desire to take a year abroad to study.
My decision to study abroad surprised my parents.
I study abroad.
To study abroad will be a wonderful experience.
I am saving money in order to study abroad.
Can foreign students be in the club?
For studying abroad, I can't decide whether I should go to Australia or Canada.
Will you look after our pets while we're away?
I'd like you to look after my dog during my absence.
Someone has robbed us of all our money during our absence.
Mr Tanaka called during your absence.
Could you act for me while I'm out?
Behave yourself during my absence.
A Mr Smith came while you were out.
Was anybody here while I was out?
A Mr West called in your absence.
A Mr Brown came to see you when you were out.
If he should come in my absence, please ask him to wait until I come back.
Mr Brown came to see you were out.
Please take care of our dog while we're away.
I'll take care of the dog while you are out.
I will care for your kitten during your absence.
Leave me a message, please.
Would you look after the place while I'm out?
Please leave your message on my answering machine.
Would you like to go out with me this weekend, Rumiko?
Sulfur is used to make matches.
Sulfur burns with a blue flame.
Have you taken a bath yet, Takashi?
The dragon is an imaginary creature.
The tornado destroyed the whole village.
Mr Tatuya deals in grain.
A dragon is a creature of fancy.
Before taking a journey, I got a haircut.
I feel like going on a trip.
When you travel, you've got to try the local brew.
We find comfort in traveling.
The greatest charm of traveling lies in its new experiences.
Let's pool our money and travel as a group.
Are you ready to start your journey?
A man away from home need feel no shame.
The trip will take some five hours.
Travel is one of the better forms of education.
Traveling will immensely enrich our minds.
Gathering information is one of the essentials of travel.
Good company on the road is the shortest cut.
No road is long with good company.
Nothing is more delightful to me than travelling.
At a Japanese-style inn, they take care of your every need, so you don't have to lift a finger.
Passengers must take the footbridge to cross the railroad tracks.
A passenger airplane took off for the USA.
The pilot of an airliner is responsible for the safety of passengers.
I left my passport somewhere.
Make allowance for souvenirs on the return trip.
Do you like to travel?
Don't carry too much baggage when you travel.
When I travel, I prefer to travel by air.
This guidebook might be of use to you on your trip.
Let's get the low-down on the British Museum for our trip.
Can you account for all the money you spent on your trip?
Speaking about trips, have you ever been to Kobe?
Speaking of travel, have you ever visited New York City?
Speaking of travel, have you ever been to Australia?
Please prepare for the trip.
Will you go on a trip?
You can claim back your traveling expenses.
Please consult with your parents about the trip.
Do you want to go on a trip with me?
It's a lot of fun going on a trip.
I can afford neither the time nor the money for a trip.
I need some shots before I go on my trip.
Let's take a trip.
Do you have adequate money for the trip?
The same rule applies to going for a journey.
I want to get a haircut before I go on the trip.
They were all in high spirits when they set out on their travels.
His trip will keep him away from the office for a week.
Mother looked after my dog during the trip.
Are you ready for the trip?
Are you all set for the trip?
Have you made all the arrangements for your trip?
Can you work out the total cost of the trip?
What's the purpose of your trip?
He told me that the trip was off.
It's fun to travel.
Did you enjoy your trip?
Did the trip live up to your expectations?
Traveling is a luxury I cannot afford.
Travel broadens one's horizons.
Nothing is more pleasant than traveling.
I can't afford the time to travel.
Whoever travels will find that there's no place like home.
Can I continue my trip?
I don't blame you for putting off our trip.
The enjoyment of traveling is common to almost all people.
We must take into account the wishes of all the family in planning a trip.
Travel agencies' profits soared.
The travel company furnished us with all the details of the tour.
The travelers ferried across the river.
The travelers stayed at a seaside hotel.
I'm traveling, and I'd like to make an appointment.
A company of tourists visited our town.
There are many rest stops along the freeway for the convenience of travelers.
The tourists were ripped off at the nightclub.
The tourist asked for lodging for the night.
The tourists had to leave the town before dawn.
The travelers came from many lands.
May I pay with a travelers' check?
Let's ask a travel agent.
The travel agent suggested that we take some traveller's cheques with us.
During the trip, John and I alternated driving the car.
You should allow for a few rainy days on your trip.
It rained three times during the trip.
I caught a bad cold during the trip.
I don't like to send postcards when I'm on a trip.
I asked Bill what the weather had been like during his travel.
We were able to eat little rice during the tour.
Did you go to Rome during your travels?
I had a good time during the trip.
In the absence of my travel partner, I took several solo trips.
Which is the best way to travel?
The traveler reached his destination at last.
The traveler was delighted at the sight of a light in the distance.
The traveler stopped to ask me the way.
When traveling, it is easy to get lost.
Don't talk about work. We're on vacation.
Nothing is more comforting than kindness offered to us while traveling.
The trip will cost $at the outside.
The time is approaching when we must leave.
Both leaders should be brought together to bring down the curtain on generations of feuding between the two clans.
Extremes meet.
Both countries are now at peace.
Trade friction might arise between the nations at any moment.
The delegations of both countries met in Geneva.
The two countries are closely related to each other.
Relations between the two countries have been strained to the breaking point.
The two countries will negotiate a settlement to the crisis.
The two countries were leagued with each other.
The two countries negotiated a treaty.
The two countries are antagonistic to each other.
Both countries entered into peace negotiations.
The countries terminated friendly relations.
Both nations entered into a war.
The news of the merger of the two companies broke yesterday.
Collaboration has apparently paid off for both of them.
Read both sides and then decide for yourself.
There is little, if any, difference between the two.
There is a marked difference between them.
There are noticeable differences between the two.
There is no connection between them.
The relationship is convenient and symbiotic.
The gap between them has narrowed.
A population policy should be considered on the international viewpoint so as to balance the interests of both sides.
What a contrast between them!
Both parties took a step towards a solution.
Hold the ball in both hands.
Hold the vase with both hands.
Hold the box with both hands.
Hold it with both hands.
It's nice to have a pretty girl on each arm.
Hands up!
The faster we rub our hands together, the warmer they get.
Both of the parents did try hard in search of their daughter.
I was nearly ten when my parents gave me a chemistry set for Christmas.
Both of my parents are not strict with me.
My parents send you their best regards.
My parents telegraphed me to come back at once.
Why do you insist on paying for your school expenses yourself, when your parents are willing to give you financial support?
I heard my parents whispering last night.
Education by the parents of their children is important.
My parents sent me a postcard.
My parents tried to convert me to their way of thinking.
My parents didn't disagree with my plan.
I'll look after my parents when they get old.
After their parents died, their grandparents brought them up.
A child whose parents are dead is called an orphan.
Our parents took care of us and now it's our turn to take care of them.
Because the parents divorced, the girl had little contact with the father.
My parents are away on a trip and I'm alone in our house.
Both my parents came to see me off at the airport.
Not only my parents but also my sister is against my opinion.
I keep in touch with my parents by mail.
Both of my parents do not play golf.
Both of my parents aren't alive.
What will become of the children now that both parents are dead?
Both my parents are not alive.
Both parents and teachers educate their children.
Have you acquainted your parents with your plans?
Whenever Beth's parents have guests, she wants to join their adult talk.
My parents will jump all over me.
I don't want to be any more burden to my parents.
Be polite to your parents.
You cannot be too good to your parents.
The higher the ratio of children to parents, the harder it is to bring up the children.
You'll get into trouble if your parents find out.
Either of my parents must go to the meeting.
The joys of parents are secret, and so are their grief's and fears.
Great was the delight of his parents.
It is always difficult for a son to live up to the expectations of his parents.
You should mind your parents.
After his parents' death he was brought up by his aunt.
People who do not look after their parents are guilty of ingratitude.
My parents let me go there.
My parents made me go there.
My parents had me go there.
His parents want him to go to college.
Parents may favor the youngest child in the family.
Our parents live right across the street from us.
My parents have gone to the airport to see my uncle off.
Jane's parents were pleased about her appointment as a teacher at the school.
My parents run a pension for skiers.
The parents have brought up the child well.
My parents have just arrived at the station.
My parents live in Kyoto.
My parents came to the airport to see me off.
My parents are old.
The parents could not help scolding their little child.
My parents objected to my going there alone.
My parents expect me to enter the university.
My parents forbade me to see Tom again.
My parents approved of my marrying Mary.
My parents would not let me go out with boys.
My parents objected to my studying abroad.
My parents told me we should respect the old.
My parents told me that we should respect the elderly.
My parents object to my opinion.
My parents were satisfied with my grades this year.
Parents are responsible for the safety of their children.
The parents try to amuse their baby with a toy.
The parents named their baby Akira.
The parents want to give their son the best education.
Although her parents had said no for a long time, they finally let her go to Europe alone.
My parents live at ease in the country.
Both the parents are still living.
His parents acted to calm him down.
The parents succeeded in calming him down.
His parents battled to send him to college.
She is a trial to her parents.
My parents rely on my monthly allowance of fifty thousand yen.
They are not my real parents.
My parents enjoy skiing every winter.
The parents couldn't make out what their daughter wanted.
Let me introduce my parents to you.
He had his parents die in the plane accident.
The girl and her parents were very sympathetic.
I got bruises on both legs.
Keep both feet firmly on the ground.
I'd like to change some money.
Where is the money exchange counter?
Where can I find a place to change money?
He scattered the coins of the money-changers and overturned their table.
The two regions differ in religion and culture.
You can't have it both ways.
Between two stools one falls to the ground.
They are both good.
I do not like both of them.
I don't like both of them.
A common theme underlies both perspectives.
You must observe the rules of the dormitory.
Our dorm's having heater problems.
Have you got used to living in the dorm?
The fee includes the payment for professional services needed to complete the survey.
The price does not include the box.
Please find some hotel where the rates are moderate.
The room charge is USD a night plus tax.
Pay your fare here.
Pay your dues to the treasurer.
Could you charge it to my room?
My telephone service was cut off because of unpaid bills.
May I see the rate list.
Show me a list of your rates, please.
You are a good cook, aren't you?
The food was so good that I ate too much.
I hear you are good at cooking.
Have you learned cooking or anything?
You are a good cook.
Are you good at cooking?
The food is cold.
A cooking course should be mandatory in schools.
At the sight of cooked snails, Jane turned pale.
Cooking is interesting.
Draw a chicken before cooking.
I am no match for her in cooking.
When it comes to cooking, no one can equal Mary.
In cooking we cannot hold a candle to the Chinese.
When it comes to cooking, you cannot beat Mary.
Cooking takes up too much time.
She is an expert when it comes to cooking.
Do you have any questions about the menu?
We need a woman able in cooking.
A good cook doesn't throw out yesterday's soup.
When it comes to cooking, no one can beat me.
I don't know how to cook too many things.
I don't know how to cook.
Could you show me what you're serving?
Following a cookbook, I made my first Spanish food, and it came out very well.
The girl reading a cookbook is Kate.
The dishes were not so delicious, but otherwise the party was a success.
Jane told us that cooking was not difficult.
I learned cooking under my sister's tuition.
I'm a good cook.
Please help me cook.
Please tell the chef it was delicious.
I want to buy cooking utensils in one lot.
Beams bear the weight of the roof.
Do you like a cool summer?
It was nice and cool there.
It was nice and cool, but it is getting cold now.
The weather is becoming cooler.
It's starting to cool off.
It has cooled off.
The hunting dog headed for the woods.
The hunting dogs followed the scent of the fox.
The hounds are in pursuit of the fox.
Hounds hunt by their keen scent.
The hound was in full chase of the bear.
The hunters aimed at the elephant.
The hunter followed the bear's tracks.
The hunter shot a bear.
You have to concentrate on your recovery.
I had a good idea.
Thanks for the tip. I'll give it a try.
I'm looking forward to receiving your favorable answer.
A good businessman knows how to make money.
I was lucky that I was able to find a good babysitter.
A good ballboy or ballgirl must be able to concentrate hard and run fast.
A good doctor is sympathetic to his patients.
How can you tell good English from bad English?
How can you make your way in life without a good education?
A good management would listen to reasonable demands.
A good result is in prospect.
Good speech is the outcome of education.
Good words are worth much, and cost little.
I am looking forward to receiving your favorable answer.
A good idea occurred to me just then.
A good idea occurred to him.
A good idea crossed his mind.
A good idea presented itself.
He is a good boy, and he is very strong.
It is easy to distinguish good from evil.
You cannot do without a good dictionary.
Fertile soil is indispensable for a good harvest.
Good habits should be cultivated in childhood.
Have a nice weekend!
Find a good job.
It's important to nourish your children with good food.
Good eating habits are essential.
A good newspaper reporter takes advantage of what he learns from any source, even the "little bird told him so" type of source.
I was there early so that I might get a good seat.
I left early so I could get a good seat.
I came early in order to get a good seat.
I left home early so as to get a good seat.
A good son is always anxious to please his parents.
All you have to do is study hard to get into a good college.
Hope you had a good birthday.
Here, if the weather's good, you can get a lovely view.
The fine day added to the pleasure of the picnic.
It turned out to be a lovely day.
The good weather will hold.
I tried to get good marks.
A good biography is interesting and instructive.
A good lawyer would leave no stone unturned in his efforts to defend his client.
A good daughter will make a good wife.
It will be a good lesson to him.
Good for you.
If you wouldn't mind, I could use a hand.
For better or for worse, television has changed the world.
For good or ill, there is no way but this to tide over the difficulty.
A good coach is like a parent to the players.
Well done is better than well said.
I will come and see you when I get well.
That's better.
You'll feel better.
You are doing very well.
This was quite a well thought-out plan.
A good-looking horse may sometimes break down.
Yoshiko is very diligent in knitting.
A man of sense wouldn't speak to you like that.
France can't be matched for good wine.
Good fruit is scarce in winter, and costs a lot.
There is a shortage of good building wood.
It is an economy to buy good quality goods.
Yoshiki was hard up and asked Goro to lend him 20,yen.
It isn't always easy to know a good book from a bad one.
Good books are always worth reading.
A good book is the best of friends, the same today and forever.
I always find contentment in a good book.
You never read a book without being the better for it.
One cannot read a good book without being so much the better for it.
His conscience pricked him.
His conscience stung him.
Don't obtain wealth at the expense of your conscience.
A good medicine tastes bitter.
Quality is more important than quantity.
I'd like a receipt, please.
Make sure you save the receipt.
May I have a receipt?
They controlled a fifth part of the territory.
I hit him good and hard.
I feel lethargic.
My strength is all gone.
Nobody equals him in strength.
Might is right.
If we unite our efforts, we will be able to finish this.
Midori ate the most oranges.
Push the green button, and the light goes on.
The green leaves are coming out.
Green leaves are coming out little by little.
A green carpet will not go with this blue curtain.
Is it true that Midori plays the violin very well?
Green is associated with grass.
A green color is a characteristic of that type of apple.
Do you have any in green?
Green suits you very well.
Green plants can make their own food.
In ethical terms, a great many people are opposed to gene therapy.
Ethics means the rules of conduct.
I got a lot of insect bites in the woods.
An apple is round in shape.
The apple was cut in two by her with a knife.
Messrs. Hayashi & Co. is our sole agent in Japan.
The couple next door are fighting again.
I just couldn't put up with the man smelling of whisky sitting next to me.
May I sit next to you?
The girl who lives next door is very pretty.
Let's ask the boy who lives next door.
The boy who lives next door often comes home late.
Though living next door, he doesn't even say hello to us.
Mother White next door likes reading.
The lodger next door lives on about 30,yen a month.
There is a fence marking the boundary between our yard and the neighbor's.
Who lives in the house next door?
The radio next door gets on my nerves.
The dog next door kept barking all night.
The people next door were annoyed with us for making so much noise last night.
The dog next door is always barking.
The child next door was showing off his brand new bicycle to his friends.
Did you hear that our neighbor was fooling around with a younger woman?
Let's ask the neighbors to look after the dog while we're away.
I found it difficult to get along with my neighbor.
You should be good to your neighbors.
Our neighbor's ground yields better corn than our own.
How far is it from here to the next village?
An hour's walk brought me to the next village.
The man next door said he goes for a jog every morning.
It's noisy next door.
Go and get a chair from the next room, please.
Please fetch me a chair from the next room.
There is a conference going on in the next room.
Do you hear someone moving in next room?
I can hear someone talking in the next room.
The people in the next room stay up until all hours doing God knows what.
I was surprised to hear her voice in the next room.
Didn't you hear the voice in the next room?
It's only natural to keep up with the Joneses.
I called my neighbors over for dinner.
Our next-door neighbor asked us to look after his plants while he was away on vacation.
When her neighbors were sick, she asked doctors to give them medical supplies.
My neighbors's hen is better than mine.
My neighbors are four sisters and a cat.
You ought to love your neighbors.
To love our neighbors is our duty.
He lives in the next town.
Tears ran down Alice's cheeks.
Tears rolled down his cheeks.
A tear ran down her cheek.
My eyes are watery.
Tears ran down my face.
Tears rolled down my cheeks.
My eyes are watering.
Tears trickled down her cheeks.
Tears were running down her cheeks.
Tears were rolling down her cheek.
Tears fell down her cheeks.
Tears filled her eyes.
She was choked with tears and was unable to speak.
I was told my tear duct was blocked.
Apes rank above dogs in intelligence.
Apes are intelligent.
You shouldn't have made such a remark even if you had been angry.
No matter what happens, I won't give up.
For instance, "delight" is the opposite of "sorrow."
Like, 'Hey, I just saw a blue paper square!'
For example, this is a pen.
Take Jennifer for example.
For example, chameleons can change the color of their skin and blend with the trees and leaves around them.
A Frenchman, for instance, might find it hard to laugh at a Russian joke.
For example, Pepperberg would show Alex an object, such as a green wooden peg or a red paper triangle.
For example, it is 7:a.m. in London now.
For instance, gauges, such as thermometers and barometers, are instruments.
For example, do you like English?
For example, more people are choosing to live together and have children without getting married.
For example, I am in a high-level math class that actually gives me college credits for next year.
In my social studies class, for example, there are often discussions that include the teacher as another member of the group.
Birds, for instance, have a special protective device.
For example, Osaka is the sister city of San Francisco.
For instance, in my father's business the timing of sales and purchases was very important, and he would sometimes write or say to his colleagues "There is a tide," without going into detail.
Young men such as you are needed for this work.
The cones of the jack pine, for example, do not readily open to release their seeds until they have been subjected to great heat.
For example, vervet monkeys learn to use a certain call in the presence of circling eagles, who prey on the monkeys.
Even if it takes me the whole day, I will do the typing.
What if he fails?
As is usual with him Mike was late for the meeting this afternoon.
The phone rang while I was taking a bath, as usual.
As is often the case with him, he didn't show up on time.
As is his way, he eats reading a newspaper.
As is often the case with her, she didn't show up on time.
That customer came back to complain again.
I don't think we can keep the lid on the scandal much longer; people are bound to find out.
How is that business progressing?
The examples are as follows.
Quote me an example.
There is no rule but has some exceptions.
There is no rule without exceptions.
The exception proves the rule.
I insist that exceptions not be made.
The exception was in China, where flat bread was probably not eaten.
The company, although with some exceptions, usually utilizes its resources very well.
I hear that you are having an unusually cold winter.
A cold beer would hit the spot!
Let's talk over a cold beer.
That's a bit cold.
I would love a cold glass of beer.
My teeth are sensitive to cold foods.
I am dying for a cold drink.
You shouldn't eat anything cold.
Bring me some cold water.
The cold weather slowed the growth of the rice plants.
A cold wind was blowing.
A cold wind blew in.
Cold winds blow hard every winter.
The cold wind cut through his coat.
The cold wind chilled the traveler.
The cold wind is blowing from the sea.
The cold north wind turned the leaves brown.
I'd like a chilled one.
Thanks to a cold summer, beer has sold poorly.
The water cooler is out of order.
A cold bath refreshed him.
Get real!
Cold-war tension has mounted.
The Cold War ended when the Soviet Union collapsed.
Is there any butter in the refrigerator?
There isn't much butter left in the refrigerator.
There is little food in the refrigerator.
There is no meat left in the fridge.
Is there anything to drink in the refrigerator?
It's been about two days since I put the body in the refrigerator.
A refrigerator keeps meat fresh.
When I opened the door of the refrigerator, an apple fell out.
Is there much food in the refrigerator?
Put the tomato salad in the refrigerator.
There are two pounds of butter in the icebox.
Nothing remained in the refrigerator.
Please feel free to have anything in the fridge.
Refrigerators help to preserve food.
The refrigerator preserves food from decay.
Opening the refrigerator, I noticed the meat had spoiled.
Refer to the instructions to fix the refrigerator.
Many housewives make good use of frozen food.
How do I fix the air-conditioner?
You must look to your manners.
Politeness is less observed today than it used to be.
Polite Americans are polite at all times.
Courtesy marked his manner.
Mind your manners.
It pays to be polite.
It was courteous of him to write a letter of thanks.
That's the spirit, Mr Suzuki.
Mr Suzuki has three daughters.
Mr Suzuki, as far as I know, has not returned from Hawaii yet.
Mrs Suzuki was giving a speech that afternoon.
Mrs. Suzuki is a very economical housekeeper.
Mr Suzuki is not a dentist but a physician.
Please get Miss Suzuki on the phone.
This is Mr Suzuki speaking.
Mr Suzuki may well be proud of his son.
Mr Suzuki persuaded his son to drop his plan to study abroad.
Mr Suzuki is a great scientist.
When did Mr Suzuki leave Japan?
Mr Suzuki teaches us English.
Mom-and-pop bakeries were overwhelmed by supermarkets.
Small enterprises are feeling the squeeze of inflation.
Mom-and-pop stores will turn a profit in the new fiscal year.
Grooming in primates increases group cohesion.
The primates include not only the apes, but also man.
To me, fair friend, you never can be old.
During the history test, she felt very sick, so she got a pass to go to the toilet.
The history class starts at nine.
Professor Suzuki is an expert historian.
History goes on with old ideas giving way to the new.
History presents us with many different answers to each question.
History has never fared well against legend.
History deals with the past.
History repeats itself.
The role of the historian is less to discover and catalog documents than to interpret and explain them.
History is a branch of the humanities.
We visited places of historic interest.
The historical thesis can be summarized by saying that Darwinism has undergone three stages of evolution.
Line up and walk to the door in order.
After a long wait in line, she was told she should get a certified copy of her birth certificate as identification.
As they walk up and down the rows they shout, "Get your hot dogs here! Get your hot dogs!"
The train leaves in ten minutes.
The train roared through the tunnel.
There being no train, we had to walk all the way.
The train was so crowded that I had to keep standing all the way.
It began to snow heavily as I got off the train.
Look at the train going over the bridge.
The train was so crowded that we were obliged to stand all the way to Osaka.
It was because of the storm that the trains were halted.
You must not get off the train before it stops.
Don't open the door till the train stops.
The train passed by us.
The train disappeared from view.
I only got to the station after the train had left.
There is a little time before the train departs.
The train was derailed, and panic ensued.
The train was derailed and about thirty passengers were either killed or injured.
Even though the train was late, we made it in time.
They had to change their schedule because the train arrived late.
The train is in.
As the train came to a halt, all of the passengers wondered what was happening.
We arrived at the station as the train was leaving.
Because the train did not wait for me.
It's no more than four minutes from here by train.
It is advisable to go by train.
You must decide whether you will go by train or by plane.
Some people traveled by train, and others by road.
The train leaves at half past ten, so I'll call for you at ten.
We have ample time to catch our train.
He left home early in the morning so as not to miss his train.
I left home early in the morning for fear that I should miss the train.
Don't be late for the train.
I like to ride on trains.
We have enough time to catch the train.
After I got on board a train, I found I had left my wallet behind at home.
You'll miss the train.
Train compartments soon get cramped.
The train strike didn't bother me at all.
The trains are running late.
Faint grew the sound of the train.
The last three coaches of the train were badly damaged.
The train's departure will be delayed.
We caught a glimpse of the castle from the window of our train.
I caught a glimpse of Mt. Fuji from the window of the train.
There is a long wait between trains.
You can make up for lost time by taking an airplane instead of a train.
We have to allow for the delay of the train.
I caught sight of her in the train.
Travel by train has been on the decrease.
The train started at ten o'clock to the minute.
The train left at ten, so it should have arrived in Osaka by now.
The train should arrive at Osaka by ten.
The train will come in at platform ten.
The train arrived ten minutes behind schedule.
The train is made up of fifteen cars.
The train is minutes overdue.
The train left at five o'clock to the minute.
The train starts at six.
The train was due at 6.
The train is supposed to leave in five minutes.
I think the train will come soon.
The train doesn't stop at that station.
Trains are running on schedule.
The train has just arrived here.
The train was so crowded that I had to stand all the way to Ueno.
The train made a brief stop.
The train has arrived here now.
The train finally arrived.
The train got into London.
The train ran at the rate of miles an hour.
The train pulled into the station.
The train was seen to come into the station by me.
The train was clear of the station.
Would you tell me what time the train starts?
What time does the train reach Osaka?
I will check what time the train arrives.
The train gathered speed.
The train came to a smooth stop.
The train rolled out of the station.
The train leaves at nine, arriving there at ten.
The train leaves at 2:p.m.
The train was delayed two hours owing to the heavy snow.
The train has just gone.
The train leaves at one-thirty this afternoon.
The train is ten minutes behind today.
The train was held up because of the railroad accident.
The train arrived on time, so we didn't have to wait at all.
Will the train leave on time?
The train arrived ten minutes behind time.
The train just left.
The train was about to leave.
The train gained speed gradually.
The train was full of passengers.
The train left for Kobe station.
The train is due at noon.
The train was hurrying west.
Do the trains run on diesel oil?
The train was delayed because of snow.
The train was delayed by snow.
The train didn't wait for me.
The train arrived at Osaka station.
The train was delayed by a heavy snowfall.
The train ran off the tracks.
The train will probably arrive at the station before noon.
The train approached the town.
The train arrived at the station on time.
The train got in on time.
Trains were arriving on time.
The trains are running behind time.
The train left on time.
The train pulled out on time.
It seems unlikely that the train will arrive on time.
The train left before they got to the station.
The train was full, so she was obliged to travel second-class, and had to stand all the way.
This train runs nonstop to Nagoya.
On getting off the train, he was met by his cousin.
Smoking is banned in the train.
Inferiority complex - what exactly does that mean?
Is this love?
I'm looking for someone to fall in love with.
Love and cough cannot be hidden.
All's fair in love and war.
Pains of love be sweeter far / Than all other pleasures are.
The taste of love is bitter.
It is said that the taste of love is bitter.
A man has free choice to begin love, but not to end it.
Love, being jealous, makes a good eye look asquint.
Love is a sickness full of woes, All remedies refusing.
Love is blind. Hatred is also blind.
Falling in love is one thing; getting married is another.
Love is like the measles; we all have to go through it.
Love is beyond reason.
The lovers were walking arm in arm.
The lovers engraved the oak tree with their initials.
She was agitated by the news of her lover's death.
She was very agitated at the news of her lover's death.
Lover, come back to me.
The lovers kissed.
The lovers roamed around the fields in search of wild berries.
One can't see through a brick wall.
Bricks consist mostly of clay.
The bricklayer calculated that he would need bricks for the wall.
However hard the training was, she never cried.
Practice is the only way to master foreign languages.
The lotus blossoms diffused an inexpressibly pleasant scent.
Thanks for bringing me here.
Everybody's business is nobody's business.
How long have they been playing tennis?
The gang knocked him down and robbed him of his watch.
Traffic accidents happen daily.
I am sure that more flags were burned as a result of Congress passing that law than had ever been burned before.
The FTC nailed down new evidence in the fraud investigation.
The Federal Reserve cut its benchmark discount rate to an 18-year low.
Federal budget cuts will take a bite out of Social Security benefits.
The federal budget was narrowly approved by Congress.
Keep in touch, please.
The reason for my silence is there was nothing special to write about.
When you contact me, please do so by phone.
Keep in touch!
Please write down your contact address here.
There are lumps of snow lying on the road.
The snow on the road was in the way of the traffic.
The blood on the road must be mine.
Can I change the route?
Can I get a route map, please?
Streetcars run on electricity.
The dew is on the leaves of grass.
The dew evaporated when the sun rose.
The talk between labor and management yielded no definite results.
Industrial disputes are still a problem.
Our competitive position is weakened by the rising labor cost.
Labor is not merely a necessity but a pleasure.
Work is not only important for economic benefits, the salary, but also for social and psychological needs, the feeling of doing something for the good of society.
Work is a very important part of life in the United States.
In labor negotiation union leaders play an important role.
It stands to reason that workers are paid.
The workers have no incentive to work harder.
The workers like to gather in a pub where they can let their hair down.
The workers were naked to the waist.
The workers took pride in their work.
The laborers formed a human barricade.
Workers put up with silly rules for a long time.
The workers united to demand higher wages.
The workers pushed for a raise in salary.
A working man should be paid in proportion to his skill, not his age.
Many of the workers died of hunger.
Most workers belong to unions.
The workman, as a rule, works eight hours a day.
Workers can go on strike for higher wages, or for better working conditions.
The workers were laid off for three weeks.
The workers demanded more money and holidays.
No workers can be dismissed without previous notice.
The laborers are murmuring against their working conditions.
Respect is due to the proletariat.
The workers' demands centered around overtime pay.
The workers demanded that they talk with the owner.
The workers are on strike.
Laborers required raising of a salary of the manager.
The workers came to ask about their pay raises.
Workers made loud demands for higher wages.
The workers asked for an increase in pay.
There has been an explosive increase in the demand for labor.
They want to better their working conditions.
The union bosses are fighting the freeze on wage hikes.
The workers union called off their 24-hour strike today.
The labor union called a strike.
The labor union is negotiating with the owners.
The number of days lost through industrial dispute is shown in the table on the facing page.
The disagreement between the union and management could lead to a strike.
The emerging labor shortage is viewed as a sign of economic overheating.
There's a fire down the hall.
Watch your step, as the passageway is slippery.
The corridor was so crowded that we couldn't walk.
It is not wise, nor in the long run is it kind, to tax the thrifty for the thriftless.
Waste makes want.
The leak needs to be stopped immediately.
Flatterers look like friends, as wolves like dogs.
Can you tell wolves from dogs?
Talk of the wolf and behold his skin.
To my dismay I found I had lost my money.
As they grow old, many people become unable to look after themselves.
Both young and old, men and women, regularly get together at the local bathhouses.
Young and old went to battle.
You have to get more exercise in order to stave off senility.
This is a condition caused by aging.
I'm getting farsighted as I get older.
Everybody thinks that they are ready for their old age.
I'm saving money for my old age.
Conscientiously save money for one's old age.
I want to live comfortably when I become old.
If you want security in your old age, begin saving now.
The old woman studied the visitor carefully.
An old man came tottering along.
The old man was plodding along.
It is hard for an old man to change his way of thinking.
The old man was run over by a car.
It is important for old people to stay strong.
An old man sat surrounded by his grandchildren.
An old man spoke to me suddenly.
Although old, he is still very much alive.
The old people were taken good care of.
The Old Man and the Sea is a very exciting book.
It's hard for an old man to change his way of living.
We must be as kind to old people as possible.
Old people need something to live for.
Old people need someone to talk to.
When I was asked by an old man where the church was, I pointed it out.
It was civil of him to offer his seat to the old man.
There should be more national hospitals for old people.
There is no fool like an old fool.
A portrait of an old man was hanging on the wall.
We must think about the care of old people.
The old man's anger melted.
The old man's narrative was punctuated by coughs.
The old man looked about for his hat.
The old man tried to hide his money under the ground.
The old are apt to catch cold.
The old man assumed an impudent attitude.
The old man often looks back on his youth.
The old man lived there by himself.
The old man gave the child shelter.
The old man looked surprised at the news.
The old man sat all alone.
The old man beguiled the weary day with cards.
The old man loaded his mule with bags full of sand.
Old people are inclined to look back on the past.
Old people look back on the past too much.
The old man told us about the amusing incident.
The old man stopped for a moment to rest.
The old man passed away this morning.
The old man sat surrounded by the children.
The old man told the children an amusing story.
The old man asked me a favor.
The old man saw my notebook and smiled at me.
The old man walked with a stick.
The old man wondered why life had passed him by.
The old man breathed his last.
An old man lay dead on the road.
The old man sat on the bench with his eyes closed.
The old man gave me a useful piece of advice.
The old man was sitting with his arms folded.
It is wrong to make fun of an old man.
You have to respect the old.
It's a shame the way old people are treated.
The old are not always wiser than the young.
Old age is an island surrounded by death.
An old woman was burnt to death.
The old woman smiled with a sigh of relief.
I helped an old lady across.
An old woman is walking across the road.
The old lady thanked me for helping her across the road.
The old lady lived in a three-room apartment by herself.
The old lady made her a present of it and insisted she should have it.
The old woman extended a loving hand to the children.
The old woman sent a servant for the trunk.
The old woman got hurt when she fell.
The old woman was ill in bed.
He is worn with age.
His old age is beginning to affect his eyesight.
Old age creeps upon us unnoticed.
An aging population will require more spending on health care.
Deaf-mute people talk using sign language.
June is a social season in London.
In June, it rains day after day.
Come here at six, not before.
I took my temperature every six hours.
Call me at six-thirty, please.
I have a reservation for six-thirty.
Please play it back for me after you've finished the recording.
Needless to say, fundamental human rights should be respected.
The dispute was finally settled.
I see the point of the argument.
Central to this issue is the problem of modernization.
Don't pussyfoot around the issue; do we have a problem, or don't we?
Why don't you take your time in finishing your paper?
Although the paper was much longer than last year's a few students managed to finish.
The thesis is finished except for the conclusion.
You have to take your time over your thesis.
Have you finished writing your thesis?
It was Socrates who laid the foundation of logic.
They live together in unity.
Kazuko really takes after her sister.
It is said that some British people like a Japanese-style room.
Have you ever eaten Japanese food?
Men in kimonos are no longer a common sight in Tokyo.
Peace talks will begin next week.
The peace talks have been suspended for a while.
The peace talks failed again.
The peace talks failed again, with both sides blaming the other for the failure.
It is rumored that secret peace talks have already begun.
If you want to speak to me, please call me up.
Can we talk in private?
That's too good to be true.
The story wandered.
There was a momentary pause in the talk.
That's not what you said before.
The story was too pat and I got rather suspicious.
His speech had more and more power as it went along.
The speech was so boring that they went away one by one.
It is too good to be true.
Some seldom speak unless spoken to.
Answer at once when spoken to.
Don't talk!
I want to talk to you about something.
As he talked, he got more and more excited.
May I speak to you?
Take down the main points of the speech.
I know from his speech that he is not an American.
Don't be afraid to show yourself through speech and take every opportunity to speak to others in English and soon you will feel right at home in informal conversational situations.
They never talk but they quarrel.
I have tried to compile the ideas that you proposed prior to the meeting, so that we can use them as the base for the discussion.
There was a brief break in the discussion.
Will you make a list of issues to discuss?
We have a lot of ground to cover.
A crowd of people gathered around the speaker.
The speaker couldn't make himself heard.
The speaker brought the truth home to us.
The speaker illustrated the theory with examples.
Some are called good talkers, and others good listeners.
This room is noisy. The sound bounces right off the walls.
I need someone to talk with.
Just looking for someone to talk to.
You're speaking a little too fast for me. Would you speak a little more slowly?
I can tell it's him by the way he speaks.
There are so many things to tell you that I don't know where to start.
To speak is one thing and to write is another.
Don't whisper, let alone speak.
Talking is a human ability.
It isn't as if a child learning to talk studies.
Many things are easy to talk about, but difficult to actually carry out.
It is a long story.
The belly is not filled with fair words.
The focus of the talk is put on the content.
To change the subject.
The story begins far in the past.
Let's leave it at that.
A tale never loses in the telling.
The talk dragged on till three o'clock.
We talked about various topics.
The story was so funny that I split my sides.
Please don't cut me off like that.
We talked our time away.
Please raise your hand before you speak.
Don't change the subject.
Let's talk it out.
Will you stop talking?
We enjoy talking.
It wasn't until I heard him speak that I recognized him.
I want a full report though.
Some people are good talkers and others good listeners.
We talked about a variety of topics.
Let's change the subject.
Did you or did you not accept the bribe?
Don't be a backseat driver.
I perspired under the arms.
Please step aside.
Would you mind standing aside?
I have a slight pain in my side.
The surface of a planet is composed mostly of water.
Planets move around a fixed star.
The planets revolve around the sun.
When the frame is finished, the spider fixes lines of silk across it, just like the spokes of a bicycle wheel.
An eagle was soaring high up in the air.
An eagle's wings are more than one meter across.
You cannot make bricks without straw.
The bay has more yachts than sailboats.
The bay is full of boats and people.
Gulf nations are constantly menaced by war.
How do you feel about the Gulf War?
I have an ache in my arm.
A good craftsman takes pride in his work.
The wound in the arm left a scar.
I'll try my hand at cooking.
Stretch your arms straight.
I was not aware of a mosquito biting my arm.
I fractured my arm.
Swing your arm back and forth.
Let go of my arm.
Would you please let go of my arm?
Please let go of my arm. You're hurting me.
Let go of my arm!
Let go of my arm! I can't stand people touching me.
I can't find my watch.
The dog ate a watch and a Japanese fan.
The collection of wristwatches is a hobby.
The watch was not to be found anywhere.
I had an asthma attack.
I can't smell well. I have lost my sense of smell.
I have a good sense of smell.
Smell is one of the five senses.
After being exposed to a large amount of radiation, vomiting and diarrhea will start quickly.
All you do is string together a bunch of farfetched ideas. I can't understand a word of it.
The comet leaves a trail of light behind it as it moves.
I'm afraid my tonsils are swollen.
The more she spurns my love, the more it grows.
The drought led to an insufficiency of food.
The caged tiger lashed its tail.
Some animals will not breed when kept in cages.
I gave him an enema.
Soseki was a contemporary of Ohgai.
I can't stand reptiles.
An eyelid opens wide.
Do you hear the bird singing in the cage?
Count the apples in the basket.
Please see that the birds in the cage get water and food every day.
A burnt child dreads the fire.
I have a rash around my anus.
I think I have tendonitis.
Adversity makes a man wise, not rich.
It's not good to wake a sleeping snake.
A mirage is said to be an illusion.
A bat is not a bird any more than a fish is.
A bat is not a bird, but a mammal.
With her extravagant tastes, she was incapable of making ends meet.
I would like to live in luxury.
The market for luxury goods is growing fast.
And I begged her on my bended knees.
All things die in time.
Before long, the ghost disappeared into a thick fog.
It seems that there will be a storm soon.
A burning meteoroid produces a meteor.
The pheasant would not be shot but for its cries.
Have you ever seen it hail?
People communicate approval by nodding, by clapping their hands, by smiling or laughing.
It has been said that "a sucker's born every minute" and every 'confidence man' knows it.
He's looking good.
NB: Pictures may have become dead links.
"... in other words, sex!?" "Geez, you don't beat around the bush!"
Argument continues about the "White collar exemption" that exempts specific white collar workers from the "hours in day, hours a week," working hours fixed by the Labour Standards Act.
"Ah, a raw egg for me!" "Is one enough?" "Yep, if I need more I'll top it up."
"Where have those six got to?" "They've escaped."
"What is your relationship to him?" "I'm his father."
"Eh? Where's Keiko?" "Said she's got a parent and child meeting so she'll be late."
"That's the new head of the student council?" "Cool, isn't he?" "Rather, pretty boy?"
"Just pay up already, I'm saying." "Hand over the money, Yo!"
"My wonderful wife is so stingy that ..." "You boasting? Or complaining?"
"Yes, the bisque-doll-like Erika" "Th-that expression is a little embarrassing, could you stop using it?"
"Er, that 'mixer party' thing is then ..." "Just a normal get together."
Mr. Naruhodo's law firm is "The World's Leading Energy Law Firm".
"Strange isn't it. By the schedule around now we should have all witnessed an UFO, and united in researching." "From 'witnessed' it's never gunna happen."
"I have to pee." "Jonny, that's not the right thing to say. Say, 'Excuse me. I need to go to the toilet.'"
Add "Men" and the goods take off.
"Kai dear! I'm really sad! Having my first experience in this way." "Eh?" "Skip-ping-town."
"'Fox's wedding'." "Er ...?" "Today, with an percent likelihood, it will be clear skies but, depending on location, there will be sun showers."
"Pretty gem, isn't it?" Not knowing if it was a suitable subject or not, but anyway I tried to get her interest that way.
"Kenji's in hospital?" "That's a real pisser..."
"Here ... the sound of the cicadas is different." "Oh my, I'm impressed you noticed. You've got a good sense of pitch!"
"Up to this point has been the official story, which Kirika also knows." "By which you mean there is also an unofficial?"
Use a brief expression of condolence, such as: "On this sad occasion we grieve with you".
"Can you cut it like this, please?" "A little shorter in the front and a little longer on the sides, please."
"This is ..." "Working glove and trowel. One of a gardening club's basic tools"
"Will they be open this early in the morning?" "They'll let me in on sight."
"Oh no! I left my umbrella on the train." "You are a scatterbrain!"
"Right, I'll check your work, OK?" "Please go ahead and inspect. I think I gave it a good go."
"Rock-paper-scissors, OK?" "Rock." "Sciss... paper." "You cheated!"
"Oh? Then, as I expected, I've been around longer than you. This year I'm 20-mumble years old." "What does that tell me?"
"That's right. At the least I wish they'd add one to the first floor as well ... Wait a mo! Why are you here!?" "'Why' is obvious isn't it? It's so we can go to the toilet together."
"You're right, certainly you don't seem to have been into it today." "Eh! You can tell that sort of thing?"
"Oh? If you're free get the cleaning done." "What's up with that? Don't order your brother around!"
"What was that person saying?" "He couldn't communicate in Russian at all so I told him off in Russian."
"Is that implying that I go get some sugar in me and then work more?" "Er?" "No, sorry. I'm just sulking a bit."
"Never mind that, what's with that get up ... a swimming suit!?" "That's right. Sexy isn't it? Feeling horny?"
"It is when you overcome that, that a boy becomes something-something" "If you're trying to say something important sounding keep talking right to the end!"
"Do I really have that good a personality?" "Impossible. After all, there's this time as well, but in middle school you sold off girl's pants all over to bring in the money."
"Y-You OK? Not hurt?", I enquire timidly. "Ah, no, I'm fine."
"No, no! That isn't the smiling face we are looking for." It was a 'smirk' either that or a 'sneer'.
To say that it gives the impression of a cheap toy is unfair to cheap toys.
"Say, shall we try a questionnaire with the boarding students?" "Ah! One of those things they call 'marketing research'."
"I was just admiring your roses. They're absolutely gorgeous." "Oh, I'm flattered. Thank you."
Rather - who the heck are you?! Iori enquired of the girl, ignoring my form rolling around on the floor.
"How did it go?" "They said it was acute appendicitis."
"So it's built from stone?" "It's ordinary reinforced concrete."
"What is she saying?" "You don't even know 'norito'?" "Norito?" "It's something like a Shinto spell."
The phrase "make a bee line for" expresses the look of how a bee heads straight for food with speed and energy.
"Did you possibly not notice until just now?" "Er, well ... it was just so beyond my imagination that ..."
I was asked, "You OK, kid?". I replied, "Fine."
"I'm not sleeping. I'm always just skiving off." "That way's even worse!"
"Well he looks odd on the surface ... but he's even odder on the inside." "You're really not helping me there."
"Well, that is, it's not something I can boast of," in fact it's not something I can talk unashamedly about in public.
"Look! Thanks to you I'm getting dumped all the time." "Oh? Isn't it just because of your everyday behaviour?"
"No, not so much. At most comparing sizes, telling dirty stories." "Sizes of what?" "Of 'that'."
Ha-ha-ha-hah! No worry! I brazenly bluffed.
"Mmmmn ... maybe I'll have a hair of the dog." "Whoa, hold up a mo! Here, I cooked roast fish for this morning. You ought to be able to eat this OK."
"Let's meet up outside for a date." "If you've got that much free time come and help unpack!"
"A passionate kiss scene in a school corridor ... I've heard all about it!" "It wasn't passionate! That's an exaggeration..."
"If it's money then I'm not lending any" I said point blank.
"This is the police. Would you mind coming down to the station?" "W-why?" "You can't think it's not a crime to go shooting guns off in the middle of town?!"
"If it's a light workout, OK." "Right, so will we allow crotch-kicking and eyeball crushing?"
In contrast to his "not bad looks but seems a bit of a dandy" appearance, he didn't have a girlfriend and he wasn't particularly fast with the ladies.
"What's the difference between erotic and kinky?" "Erotic is when you use a feather and kinky is when you use a whole chicken."
There are a lot of people who say, "it says this in Koujien," and use that dictionary as the only grounds for their argument.
"Does your back hurt?" "No, not really." "Oh, that's something then, isn't it?"
"It's right after yesterday so ... that is ... do your genitals hurt or ...?" "It still smarts a little but..."
I think to clearly distinguish opinion from fact is important.
"Don't look alike do you?" "That's because we're fraternal twins."
"It's the age of BL!" "Bee el?" "Yup, Boys' Love. Books and such dealing with romance between boys."
"Car" is a synonym of "automobile".
The "subject" is the person or object to carry out the action in the sentence. Transformed to Japanese it would be the part that end in "wa" or "ga".
A "modifier" has, just as it sounds, the role of embellishing sentences.
The "predicate" is that part that shows the action in the sentence. In Japanese it would be the part that ends in "da", "suru", etc.
"Going to the little girl's room" is an euphemistic expression for "going to the toilet."
Don't you know the saying "good manners even between friends?"
The Niagara Falls are famous as a world leading tourist resort.
"Short tempered as ever." He said while dodging Reika's fist.
"You've sprained your ankle and can't walk can you?" "No, I'm fine! I can move forward at a crawl!"
"I'm too old to be playing with bugs," said the boy.
"How are things going?" "Terrific. Income and profit are continuing to rise steadily."
"Prospects for repair?" "Prof. Shubaishen, the leader of the system development team, is presently unwell so we think it will take a while longer ..."
"I'm not angry. Look, see this smiling face?" "That's what they call a forced smile!"
You don't need to bring up "A Winter Sonata" to show that South Korean culture is having an unexpected boom in Japan.
How many strokes does the kanji for "michi" have?
"Talking about 108, that's the number of worldly passions." "What worldly passions have you got then?" "I could say, but it'll get censored out."
It was proposed that the term "blind person" be replaced with the term "visually impaired person".
"You know a kid called Megumi Noda, right?" "Noda?" "Makes weird sounds like 'Hagya', 'Fugi'"
"Kaname, when can you leave?" "It's till closing so it takes till eight."
"Nice person," that's the word girls used to call men to indicate that they aren't possible objects of romantic interest.
It's no good saying 'Isn't it?' to me ... have you double-booked again?
'Don't worry. I'm doing fine. :-) ' "Eh ... smiley-face?"
Well, shall we devote ourselves to study today as well?
There are things I'd like to say but to butt in now would be what they call uncouth.
NOTE: Typo corrected. Thanks for pointing it out.
Just people? That's all?
When converting mole of ice into water, and mole of water into steam, which requires more energy?
Though it's now January, it's warm like early spring.
I'm teaching two courses, year one's "Self-expression for University Students" and year two's "Food Chemistry".
The first low kick was the set-up for this!?
After the second innings, the opposing pitcher recovered too, and it turned into a pitching duel.
So I thought my date, er rather, offline-meeting was going to be just me and her but things aren't that easy.
Please enter a telephone number where you can be contacted during the day, too.
The 48-year-old Ryouichi Kawakatsu took over as coach at Fukuoka in June this year, but his fate is closely linked with that of 46-year-old Matsuda.
The chicks hatched in April have also become months old. Their bodies are about the same size as their parents, about the only difference is that the roosters have smaller crests than their father.
What is rounded to the nearest thousand?
See the footnote on page 5.
60,lucky number request: I got a request to draw an illustration for the site of Beikyu, who hit the lucky number, "Standing By A Little Maple Tree".
By the age of seven, he had already made his own bow and arrows.
Among the divisors of 90, how many numbers are not divisible by 9?
Fold A-in half and stick it together.
May be distributed in accordance with the GPL.
We have explained that HTML is, as a basic rule, elements marked up with open and close tags.
Last time I sent out my humble work, the afterword to "left-right", written on the promise that you'd keep it secret from him, this time it's the afterword to that afterword.
Although it's "Mac OS X", that doesn't mean that the Mac OS code itself has been upgraded to a new version.
On Jul 18th Mark/Space released an updated version of Missing Sync for Windows Mobile for the Mac OS X.
What Microsoft is launching is a beta version of its "NetShow streaming server"; it supplies video and audio on demand.
ODS super alloy is produced by the mechanical alloy method following powder metallurgy.
OK. I'm just next door so if you can get that assurance let me know.
I got the OK so I unthinkingly created the clichd 'grass runner thief/bard' character.
He was PK'ed, I resurrected him.
'That' has only the two cases, nominative and objective, and it does not inflect depending on the case.
With Windows OS systems 'administrator account' corresponds to 'root'.
E-eh? I somehow seem to feel a very threatening aura...
Ah, sorry. Megumi, could you get me the conditioner?
Oh yes, you're right. Well, it's the way you shop that's tight-fisted then.
Ah, if you can dub it, can I ask for a copy as well?
Ah, well I've bandaged it for the meantime but if that's awkward then it's fine to replace it with a plaster when you get home.
Ah, could we swap our mobile numbers next time?
Ah, could it be you're embarrassed to be called by your first name?
Ah, I reckon you go straight down this prefectural road ...
Yes, a man is as good as his word. But I'll just be helping, you understand. You'll have to work too.
The shopping arcade was covered with lots of paper decorations.
You say po-tah-to I say po-tay-to. Rika is just that sort of girl. There's no way to win a battle of words with her.
He doesn't realise that he's tone deaf.
She never uses paper towels. She is such a tree hugger, you know.
Regardless of the subject, he pretends to know all about it.
With all of his tricks he has mastered, he will be able to deal with any formidable client.
Ahh, silly me, I've messed up again.
I'm a self-supporting student so I can't have that sort of high class thing.
If you sleep on your back it's easier for your upper airway to be obstructed because your tongue, uvula, etc. slip towards the back of your throat.
The Oscar ceremonies are Hollywood's biggest extravaganza.
Apart from his heel, Achilles was invulnerable.
When the scum stops appearing pour the syrup back into a clean bottle and keep it in the fridge.
Use only as directed.
Use acrylic paint.
If you've got time to play around on an acoustic guitar, practice your bass!
I'd like to have a girl the first time. Look, they say 'First a girl, then a boy' don't they?
I had expected an outright refusal, but to my surprise she agreed.
Will Apple's new model notebook be announced on schedule?
If you're placed in a position of authority, it is imperative that you take into consideration that point, if even just a little ...
Er, Sir? What's written on the blackboard isn't an exponential function but a trigonometric one ...
Y'know we're short of money to have fun and ... Well to be blunt, gimme!
You see, Kyohei, this question ... it's about saline solution but ...
That team has nothing but strong players.
That movie's downright dirty.
The way that woman goes on with men shocks me.
That red cloth is a "fukusa"; it is a vital tool used to cleanse the tea equipment.
That village is the enemy's last stronghold.
That daimyo holds a fief yielding 100,koku of rice.
Give him my best regards.
I've ordered a book from Amazon.com.
The Amazon River meanders through northern Brazil.
In American football, a touchdown scores six points.
Just how tiresome was it to argue straight against the phrase "Don't blindly follow America's lead!"
In reports in America, guerrilla resistance by the Iraq military is called terrorism.
Really? You didn't show much interest before. I wonder what's got into you?
Well, it's just like the proverb "fine feathers make a fine bird". You look really good when you wear a suit.
Alkalis neutralize acids.
If you oxidise an alcohol you get an aldehyde but what do you get if you oxidise an aldehyde?
Eh? This tune ... The playlist has looped.
Hello, what's that? Somebody doing street theatre or something?
Down there hurts, down there. Er, what do you call them? Testicles? In any case a male's 'important parts'.
That's a picture of a monkey associated with the Year of the Monkey.
That was as awkward as being seen coming out of a love hotel in the morning.
We used to compile survey results using spreadsheet programs but recently we feel that database software's summing methods are quicker so we use databases to total them.
You're a troublesome person!
As a man, no a human being, you're the pits!
You're really handy, aren't you? Don't you think you'd make a good house-husband?
Idiot, I've forgotten that two-timing bitch.
Obviously a normal woman would lose interest if she saw a book like that!
If those little brats of sisters are good enough I'll make a gift of them to you!
Don't think you'll always be able to placate me with food!
OK, you keep quiet while we're in the store.
Never mind that. After all up till now he's stuffed himself on huge profit selling high brand-name goods of no real worth. From now on he can just try his best at honest trade.
No, please don't concern yourself. I have learnt to do as the Romans when in Rome.
No, it's a national treasure, you see. This is the first time we've seen it as well.
The container may be the best in Japan, but if the contents are third class, then isn't it completely meaningless?
You're right when you say how high the wall is; I was nervous at first, too.
With all that we might have been better off just to have stayed home.
Having once landed the monster immediately jumped again and was over my head.
He was always filthy and looked like he wasn't given enough food.
I always use the steps, but...it's scary how they wobble...so I'd like you to hold them steady.
I'm always writing weird and hoopy stuff so I'm sure it's difficult to comment on.
You can give it back whenever you want to as I bought that book for missionary work.
Oh man! Aki in a china dress was so cute. I almost lost it then.
Not at all, that's perfectly fine. Calling each other by one's given name is a good thing; it produces a feeling of fellowship.
The downside, well, it's how thoroughly work gets mixed up with my private life.
It's getting more and more shadowy, soon it will be twilight.
There's no need to tell on him and mess up their marriage.
Remove the cap from the ink refill bottle, fill the dropper with ink, and drip an appropriate amount onto the marker's core.
In order to live happily and healthily with parakeets or parrots, you should understand the science of animal behavior for domesticated birds, and consider the emotional effect of eventually losing them.
Suspicion that this amounts to insider trading has strengthened.
My internet connection was cut off.
No, Yumi put it in a thermos flask and brought it into the club room.
I wonder how it is when the web server uses cookies?
A brewery we finance has made a new sweet sake and brought some to us asking us to try it.
We'll also have to create a separate smoking section, won't we?
I'm ashamed to tell such a muddled story in this dreary, rainy season, but please bear with me for a while.
If it goes well, I'll put you forward for a drama serial.
So. Having had all that done to him it would be stranger if he wasn't enraged.
Wha? Study, reflexes, all the parameters are MAX! You've even saved money up to the limit ... Amazing.
Yes, it seems it was a misdiagnosis.
An air conditioner is available as an optional extra.
The speed of the spread of AIDS is horrifyingly fast.
Yes, thanks. Recently I've been roughing it so I was able to get a proper sleep for the first time in a while.
Hmm, did we have some breadcrumbs?
How about spending an elegant and blissful time at a beauty salon?
"A-hem!" Alice boasted, puffing up with pride.
He-heh-heh, I'm terrible at sports so if I run a while my sides hurt right away.
Don't race the car. We want to make it go as far as possible.
Oh, Tae, this cheese is a winner!
Hey, it's about time you quit it with the panty jokes. You'll put off the readers, you creeper!
Hey, pops! What are you doing!
Hey, there's no time left till the deadline, you know? Stop hanging around in a daze!
Open source is the engine that drives technological innovation.
The toaster-oven's timer rings. The fragrant smell of well toasted bread.
Heck, with oboe players there are those who, rather than search for a reed that suits them, find it faster to make their own.
Thanks to which I was up nearly all night.
If you don't get the punch line, I'm sorry.
Whoops! There aren't many live coals left! Go make some kindling would you?
Morning. Shall I dish up?
Morning, Haruki. You've got bed hair.
4-speed automatic transmission is available as an option.
Oi you, that's too much of a rip off by anyone's count! 6:is more than enough. Of course I'm the '6'.
What you call a 'charm', you know, is what girls wish upon that they may get together with the person they love and such like.
Oh my. However much it's just a P.E. class; if you don't face it in real earnest, then when it comes to a real fight it won't do you any good.
Before meeting your guests, be sure to carefully check that the toilet door locks.
As I don't have the money, it'll just be a short trip.
Hey, is this fish tasty for real? It looks like a black porgy who'd fallen in with mobsters and been put on the country's most wanted list!?
Big brother, you've got a bad fever?! Never mind the bags, rest in the shade of those trees!
Please drive off as soon as your child has left the car.
When the flatterer pipes, then the devil dances.
What the fuck are you up to taking advantage of his proximity to cling to him like a wet T-shirt?!
Grandfather has caught a cold.
Grandfather is quite senile.
The old woman was snugly sitting on a cushion.
I've heard my grandma's stories so often that I'm heartily sick of them.
Tea is like the lubricating oil of work to allow it to proceed smoothly.
I thought that if we lined up benches in the garden as well, we could achieve quite a seating capacity.
Please take a bath.
Needless to say, dealing in rice is a declining industry.
An offering of flowers had been placed at the grave.
Carpets have the effect of a dust pocket, with merit of sucking up dust and stopping it flying around, but you can say that effect backfires.
Karl Marx says, "The history of all hitherto existing societies is the history of class struggles."
According to the guidebook, this is the best restaurant around here.
I explained the situation, as this, that and such and such, but they just nodded along without showing much interest.
You were about to dump her flat out, weren't you?
The snail shot out its horns.
I hear you've done some pretty extreme stuff.
With the colour key program system, all colours are divided into two palettes, the "cool palette" and the "warm palette".
The curry was nothing special.
He made heaps of money by ripping off naive suckers.
He became temporarily deranged.
Karen's skirt is riding up.
Woodpeckers peck tree trunks with their long pointed beaks and eat insects found there.
Someone ploughed into me from behind at an intersection yesterday.
Gyoza stuffing? I made some gyoza at home but, possibly because I didn't have enough dough, I had some of the filling left over.
Strangely, the cash register's total was yen.
Dammit, she completely ignored me.
O-oi!? Don't rip off my precious hair!
Repeatedly slamming the clutch pedal, I somehow managed to get the clutch disengaged so I could just about drive for the time being.
Green peas are high in iron and contain nutrients that improve the colour of fingernails.
Click: Quickly pushing the mouse's left hand side button once.
Kei's very lucky! He has been since his birth.
Bill Gates announces intent to return advertising revenue to the users.
Keiko and Ichiro parted with mutual consent.
'Cuz it's a giant pain in the arse, if I don't wanna do something I just won't do it.
But by leaving the humidifier on all night in the morning condensation's pouring off the windows ...
This rat, up until just now he was my partner and now he's gone and turned on me.
That's because, you see, I've known he isn't that sort of person from a long time back.
In this way a passing boat noticed them, thanks to Takeda's scream, and they survived without incident.
I'm looking for a coat. I'm short so the length should be on the short side, and as refined a design as possible.
I hear that it has quite the reputation with coffee connoisseurs.
Corporate governance and accountability are being strengthened.
This sort of thing, it's buying stuff that's fun. Whether you use it or not is secondary.
The pasta here's pretty good. And the pizza too.
Here we have assembled only athletes who have broken minutes but, as you can see, Hirayama's record is the slowest of the five people.
If you continue with the pointless arguments here...it'll end up as a repeat of yesterday.
If we stop here, we'll be right back where we started!
No dumping rubbish here!
Care over the particulars only has meaning once it gets across to customers.
You've been camping out ever since you came over here? Must have been terrible.
These two have completely different patterning but no difference is seen in their internal morphology so it seems that they are considered the same.
These two scratches stand out so I'd like them repaired.
For the last years, ad agencies would kill for a major tobacco account.
This offer is open for five days.
In the garden, you know. I'd like to put out benches and increase the customer seating. Like this ...
This is a basic factor that can even be said to be the common lot of man, it certainly doesn't apply only to Germans.
This seat, it's real leather, isn't it? It would be a disaster if some slip-up gets it dirtied.
This jacket somehow doesn't go with this skirt.
This product is an intelligent integrated information system.
You may link to this webpage freely.
This type of noun phrase is called a "concealed question".
Accordingly, besides noun declension patterns, there also existed a greater variety of verb conjugation patterns than in Modern English.
Arranging this money order cost $in bank fees and commissions.
Why don't we take a drive round the island on this ox carriage?
This block of apartments is a building that takes both the environment and health into consideration. From now on we want to further expand this system and knowhow.
After this, Miki was taken to the hospital.
I can only put this poor checking down to lack of people at work.
The king of this country isn't a person, but a divine beast with three pairs of wings said to be in far away in the sky.
Nowadays parents treat their children more as equals than they used to and the child is given more freedom to make his or her own decisions in life.
This packaging material provides heat insulation.
This sweet potato is only half-baked and is still crunchy.
If you climb up this mountain, you'll reach the lab.
The fun thing about this job is that the technology is continually advancing so it continues to be stimulating.
If you calculate the electric field using this equation, the result comes out like the following.
This car will soon have to go for scrap.
I can't bear to tramp ten miles in this heat.
This shopping district is the only high street in the local area; it stocks the whole line-up from products for daily life to school study equipment.
Place this merchandise slip into the time stamp, and the date and time will be impressed.
This soap is infused with natural fragrances.
The iris deeply associated with the Boys' Festival does not have a beautiful flower.
On this point it is poles apart from when I set myself on learning English years ago.
The good thing about this electronic dictionary is that it's easy to carry.
This stew tastes acrid.
This lady is Masagokan's landlady, Yoko Someha.
Now this is more like it.
This book aims to provide an explanation of modern Japanese grammar that is as systematic and as easily understood as possible.
This problem is an equality of k so we first solve the assigned equation for k.
They were sold as photocopy books in Comic Market 67. We had no problem selling all of them, so we had bound copies made.
Sorry, I have a part-time job tomorrow morning.
This is my favourite subject.
With this you can make a clean sweep of leftover breakfast smells and such to make the air clean.
This is a plan that takes into account your stature and your ability to guard. By all means do it for me.
I believe this may be a correction after investigation of his date of birth in the family register.
This isn't my blood. It's all splash-back from my opponent. There isn't a single scratch on me.
This is definitely, 'The good you do for others is good you do yourself'! It's a reward because I was helpful!
I planned to say this later on but in Katahane there is no such thing as a 'bit part'.
If we hang around here any longer, there could be reinforcements coming from the second gate to take us in a pincer movement!
He fell into the cesspool and got covered from head to toe.
Don't sneak out of the concert!
That was the first time I had seen such a serious play so it was a valuable experience.
I had rather never have been born than have seen this day of shame.
The convenience store was overflowing with girls, I didn't have the urge to push my way through them and went home as I was.
Just reading a computer manual is like practicing swimming on dry land.
Thank you for your instruction. It really helped.
Semen is worth bottling.
May his soul rest in peace.
Let's see who can hold out the longest.
In fact, an artist lacking in confidence and fortitude would lose focus after or hours.
Just what you'd expect of a young lady, you certainly weren't left to live as you pleased.
Isn't that just what you'd expect from the prince? He certainly has the character of a truly great man.
Was your difficulty in getting up back then also because you wanted to be chastized I wonder?
You just missed Ami as she went out.
Well then, it becomes a matter of urgent concern to the lurkers of this mailing list whether the guilty party confesses or not.
Well now ... shall we scarper before we're found?
Savlon is a moisturizing skin cream.
If you cut class or something...it wouldn't surprise you if it showed up on your report card, would it?
You just can't let things slip around this nonchalantly smart girl.
Shhh, she'll hear you!
Having said 'domestic wine', anything bottled domestically is deemed to be domestic wine.
However, a suitable level of stress is actually a necessary thing for your body's health.
However, in China, they don't use a word for "human rights," but instead express it as "fundamental rights".
However, when I finally reached the castle I was thrown into this prison by the commander of the imperial guard.
But other things would need to be taken into account as well.
However, it's a pain putting the room in order.
However, it was not just me  there was one more person, no, one more creature visiting.
What's more she went and ordered a top up of noodles twice.
Moreover, what's on the bottom of the memo isn't dirt but a ... b-blood seal!?
Moreover, she liked walks so much that even in the middle of winter she would come like this to ask to go out twice a day without fail.
What's more, our first battle is to defeat that dragon!
Having idled jobless for a while I wavered. I'd rushed into handing in my notice but maybe I should have endured it and kept going...
It's been a long while since we had such fine weather.
Jim tends to go too far.
Ta-dah! Well then, Haruta, it's OK to look now! It's everybody's yukata debut.
Then that animosity is being passed on down to us?
Sharapova's shots are very fast but...a fast ball means that it will come back that much faster.
Show business is really glamorous.
Sean really greatly resembles Conner!
The club room returned to quiet. All that could be heard was the sound of pencil on sketchpad.
For things that have had contents with volatile oil like thinners they should be left for a few days to completely evaporate it before being disposed of as non-flammable waste.
Swiss chocolate really melts in your mouth.
I only had to take off my skirt and his pants were soaked with precum.
I broke my leg skiing.
The schedule's fine as long as nothing clashes.
Calm down a little, Kissho, your bumpkin nature is standing out!
The stadium was overflowing with people.
Thanks to Haruna's "weather mode" Kaori's fervour was greatly dampened.
I think there are many who binge eat from stress.
Strontium 90: One of the radioisotopes of strontium; part of radioactive fallout, harmful to human health.
Sorry, I've gone and jumped to conclusions again.
The thread title's wrong.
Puffing and panting we continued to run with renewed vigor.
N-no it's not that ... it's that there could be someone who would need me for what I am, for my true self, I hadn't even thought of that possibility.
Oh, OK. See you. But drive carefully.
That's what they call 'prejudice'! It's wrong to make your mind up on something you've never experienced!
I wonder if that is the sort of thing you should do as a man.
I think that against somebody like that, my seemingly clever techniques would be seen through and then I would be defeated.
I wish you'd quit that sort of super-league stupidity.
Now that you mention it. Yeek, Hideki's habits are rubbing off on me!
That's right. It's written in an unassuming fashion, and it's an ethical standpoint as well.
That way you keep thinking about me but are unable to admit to your feelings, that hot and cold feel is a real boom among young men!
Saying which, I did the opposite.
Now that you mention it, I wasn't involved in the decision-making for the vital part.
I'm expecting a decent catch, so please try your best at fishing for us.
Well the son of that shop's family, seems it's come about that he's to have a shot-gun wedding with a local girl.
They must then go through a landing examination conducted by inspection officers before they can obtain landing permission.
He also brought out one more dubious conclusion.
You worry about yourself. If you put your back out and can't stand we'll go home without you!
The opera was graced with the august presence of the Crown Prince and Princess.
That program is still far from perfect.
For that reason Coco was, to me, 'an older sister I can play with' and I thought of her only as one member of the family not as someone I should question my father concerning her identity.
The theme park was closed down last month.
That building is the tallest in Japan.
That method's OK but if you use the factor theorem here ...
The Japanese people, thinking only of running away in such times, are pathetic.
Even disaster is better than such a divorce between emotion and action.
The canal can accommodate ships as large as 150,dead weight tons.
A high degree of specialization is required in that company.
The boughs of the large tree overhung the pond.
As a result, he was diagnosed with insomnia and anxiety neurosis near the end of May.
And after that she, at a pace of three times a week, gets drunk and at those times brings back a different man.
The confusion beggars description.
In that slender body, where does it all go?
Do you suppose I should attach the web page's URL on those occasions?
I had half a mind to throw in the towel.
That girl loved climbing trees.
If she finds out that that uniform was one I bought to get my former girlfriend to be a pretend 'high school girl' ...
Thank you for all you did for me that time.
I hope you will favor me with your guidance at that time.
That soil is rich in humus.
Let's have a gander at this insolent man.
Soba is made of buckwheat flour, and udon and kishimen are made of plain wheat flour.
Well that's because in fiction that sort of fine detail gets skipped.
People who can't do that aren't suited for the top.
Even so, kindergartens are sensitive to seasonal events.
In any case please stop using "pretty" when describing a man.
Besides which that's only if unpacking the luggage proceeds smoothly and is finished by Sunday morning.
In comparison to which she's been in a really good mood recently.
With only that much pension I'm concerned about life in retirement.
That's a misunderstanding, for sure. You're giving me too much credit.
That's what I want to say!
You only imagine you've heard it.
That is a large force with 5,soldiers.
That's the fact that avalanches occur after mountain fires.
I'm afraid I can't do that. Leaving the cooker while frying is completely out of the question.
I just roughly allocated it to each function.
The work required to investigate that is boring and wearisome.
This is a really good thing, but one comment keeps bothering me.
If you're looking that sleepy I think anybody could tell.
It is human nature to be bugged by such things.
I didn't request you to do that.
That sort of flattery will get you nowhere.
Without flinching from that fact in the slightest, Chitose is spending today as well in fine spirit.
I-Is that OK? Calling you by your first name...
Generally once round this river side area is the basic morning course.
Anyway what are you on about? Going around sleeveless in this cold.
Anyhow, just why is it that I have to be sent out in the middle of the night to buy a canned drink?
However, in general, it seems that the Emperors had continued without seeking worldly power.
So, well, it's a bitter decision for the student council to make as well. Give 'em a break.
Therefore I'm giving up for now. I'll still try to check out other possibilities but ... I think hopes are slim.
However he has to take it at fixed intervals, just one day without taking it is swiftly fatal.
If you make too many, we won't be able to sell them all, so don't go wild.
However the air's bad in Tokyo, and there are too many people so I can't settle down.
I'm back! Oh? Have we got a guest?
However, the duty of a student is to study. So if you neglect the end of term test, that's a "no!".
However if you get carried away you'll risk failure so take care!
If so then I want you to do something for me. That will make us even.
You get drunk on just one centimeter? And Kensuke was such a heavy drinker.
You see in this world there are only scoundrels and hypocrites.
"Mister"ing a tick? You're a funny kid.
Isn't it better to get drunk and cut loose once in a while and blow off the tension of daily frustration?
Why not just let fly once in a while?
It is a consolation that no one was killed.
The taxi collided head-on with a dumpster truck and was badly crushed.
Incidentally a motorway ramp is being constructed in the neighbourhood, a few hundred metres away, of my clinic.
Incidentally, this room doesn't have anything like an air-conditioner. All it has is a fan.
By the way, this week - no matter what flags are set - it's a certainty that there will be no ecchi scenes. You'll just have to bear with it a while.
By the way, it also works with the wheel of a wheel mouse.
By the way, my English is absolutely hopeless.
I searched at the pub for the person I had met online, but there was nobody who looked like that.
The family is sitting in a happy circle around the dining table.
Chewtarou is Mrs Tanaka's dog.
Just then the two in question arrived at school.
Hey! What are you doing blocking the way?
Come round the corner for coffee.
Let's step out for a short walk.
If you just crouch a little, her crotch can just be seen flicking in and out of sight.
The communist got his dependable supporter at last.
I've finally got the whole set!
Only the other day in a railway accident, without the time to send out a mayday, many people lost their lives.
Sheesh, that Keiko - she's cute or she's hateful, just can't make her out.
Or rather it seems, Kensuke arrived at the studio at the same that I and the other two were still coming.
Or rather, is it not just pathetic that I think such whiny thoughts like this?
Thoughts of being trapped grew stronger.
In other words, he's saying to use the flower vase in place of the urine bottle?
That is, total exhaustion. Body and soul completely knackered.
And so it seems she tried phoning but it's who was on the other end of that phone that was the problem.
Dickens' thoughts come across along with the vivid depiction of old London.
Done! Now I just have to set it to simmer so it doesn't boil before everybody comes.
I also digitized it and made a desktop image.
If you can, get a sketchbook and a 4B pencil. You don't need such expensive art materials yet.
I tried to make it as cheap as possible.
If at all possible, you should go and look into the matter yourself.
The design was also given the finishing touch to have launch impact and dynamism provided by the novelty of the arch shaped logo design.
Let's have a party with members of the tennis club.
However, Vince, on Jen's house's veranda, was naked from the waist up. He might even have been starkers!
There's no but about it!
But on the day of the mock exams, there are no club activities, so that means I can walk back home with Haruka. And I'm grateful for that.
Theremin: The world's first electronic musical instrument, made by Russian physicist Lev Sergeivitch Termen in 1920.
Television turned on, she patrols in front of the CRT. "Hey you, food's up!"
What sort of current affairs appear in the civil service examination?
I don't know what, but I felt in my heart something that gives me the chills.
No doubt, regardless of the time, she was planning to go to the net caf without me if I hadn't arrived first.
I'm sure Taeko was scared and tried to get Yuri to go along with her.
If I'm going to have a wedding ceremony, I want it to be the best ever so I have no regrets!
I was expecting it to be a bad book, but damn me if it wasn't quite good after all.
It looks like we've been able to fill in that one year gap and renew our old friendship.
It seems like that she wasn't acting back then; they were her real feelings.
It looks like I must have dozed off.
So? Feeling refreshed, the morning after graduating from virginity?
What happened to this place?! It's completely dead!
No matter how you look at it you're a beautiful, ill-fated woman, the heroine of a tragedy.
By the way, I wonder how much of a hand Hiragawa MP plays in this matter?
Roll up your sleeves and get to work.
Got cancelled at the last minute. 'Deferred to next week'.
It isn't clear which of them wanted that.
No, no! That's not right.
It's a very good company! The president is a real go-getter and the workers all put in their best.
Anyhow, lunch ... is where I wanted to go but I decided to go to the toilet first.
Tom went splashing through the shallows.
Thanks, I hear you've been taking care of my little brat of a brother.
Please simmer the beans for a while over a low heat.
Whatever you need to talk about, if I will do, I'll answer with loving care.
Whatever the reason, forfeiting the trade that we finally got on track is a fiasco.
Did I say something funny? Did I make a joke?
For some reason economic booms have names taken from Japanese mythology given to them.
For some reason it didn't go well, shot down at every attempt, and he led a sad "History of no girlfriend = Age" life.
I wonder why it is that some plants become annuals and others perennials?
This is not to say that Mr. Tanaka did it all on his own.
I had tried to avoid thinking that as much as possible but as soon as I faced it I started to feel miserable.
I had a nagging feeling that the atmosphere resembled somebody and, now that you mention it, yes, you're right. Certainly ZZ TOP had this kind of feel.
You've run into some trouble or something?
I don't quite follow, but it looks like it will prove tricky. Ergh.
Why don't you leg it?
I wonder why he was suddenly dropped from the team half way through.
Somehow you must find a way to finish this work in one month.
You can buy it at newsstands.
You'll have to ask at the newsstand.
New York City has long been unusual because of its sheer size.
Look! That shop's just opened! Why not take a look?
No spoilers, please!
Get out the way ... they'll escape!
There are people who go mad for the nostalgic feel and also those who love originality.
I got really into it, and I just can't forget the exhilaration of becoming one with the audience.
Nordic combined is one of the winter sport events, a competition where you compete on the combination of two Nordic style ski events - cross country skiing and ski jumping.
Huh? Don't be so whiny! And you call yourself a man!
Ahh ... well I was young but what a stupid mistake.
He suggested I go with him to the party.
I concocted an excuse for missing the party.
Here, bro, halfsies.
Yes. This one I can sing from memory.
Please hold your bat by the end of its handle.
There were so few proper members in the badminton club that it was half-way between dead and 'on break'.
Hawai, y'know, has a lot of houses with fireplaces doesn't it? The mornings and evenings over there get cold as well so people who feel the cold light fires.
The bread was baked light and fluffy.
Pandas live in bamboo thickets.
Humpty Dumpty sat on a wall. Humpty Dumpty had a great fall. All the king's horses and all the king's men couldn't put Humpty Dumpty together again.
Beavers rarely inflict damage on people.
Beer is taxed according to its malt content, so low-malt beer is cheaper.
The hit-and-run driver, accompanied by his father, came and turned himself in the next day.
Possibly because he's got a beard, he looks scary at first glance but he's really a kind man.
What a surprise! The onsen lodge had turned into a fish breeding farm.
How could you? Is our relationship really so cold?
I think Hitler will have an unpleasant afterlife.
It is essential that some kind of compromise be reached between Pyongyang and Washington.
I imagined my first kiss would be more romantic.
I will not say play fair but I would wish that you refrain from indiscreet acts.
If you sum up feminist counselling in a few words, I suppose it would be counselling done from a woman's standpoint.
I swung my leg over the fence.
I snapped the thread on my canine.
As I glanced at the street there was somebody looking down at me in the middle of those walking past each other.
He-heh... there's a tale behind that, for that place.
The way she dizzily moves around is far too dangerous.
General Franks received an honorary knighthood.
Write down what the teacher dictates in the French class.
You just need to reset the breaker. Hurry up!
Who wants to buy a motorcycle with squeaky brakes?
I went looking for pretty shells as a present!
Floppy floppies are already sold out.
The front-roller thrust angle is degrees, probably there were plans to strengthen that angle a little when racing.
Well, excuse me for being an ugly-ass brother.
Pale ale is a low-alcohol beer.
Pfft! That's what you get for laughing at a girl!
Get off me you little pest!
Having been informed that plywood is sufficient, I will make it with plywood, as instructed.
Helen's words suddenly filled me with new energy.
If the distance you move the pen is too small, the speed too slow, it can't recognize the gestures well and you can't operate it in the way you thought.
The boiler was heavily scaled.
Eat up all your spinach!
Boeing developed a flying boat for the Maritime Self-Defense Force.
Paul is always groping women.
Paul ran his hand through his hair.
Paul has dry hair.
What's up, kiddo?
I don't want to do anything risky.
Don't just stand there like a lump, start taking notes!
Encouraged by the continuing trickle of hits and the rarely arriving email I've somehow kept going till now.
We sped into the narrow track, hardly dropping any speed. "It's a short cut!" "Oi! It's a footpath!!"
Seika came into the room pushing a small cart with a pot and a tea set resting on it.
The way she flips her ponytail will charm you before you realise it.
Hey, Ken'ichi, come along that drain pipe. I'll pull you up.
Look, today was 'sea harvest' so let's go forage for edible plants tomorrow!
You see, when you have just started a relationship, you want to be close to each other, don't you?
Look at all the mangoes growing on that tree.
We carry out treatments like whitening. We also do tobacco stain removal and other cleaning procedures.
It's a comparison of setting the white balance to "auto" versus presetting it with white copy paper.
Shinobu is really persistent. It seems that I am beaten.
Really - what's up? Where's your go-for-it attitude?
Well, you'll find out that after you cross. If I give too much away right from the start it won't be so interesting.
Well, there's no such thing as being too late to correct one's faults.
Well, broadly speaking that's right.
Well, after all Japan also cut itself off from the world.
Now, please don't get so angry.
My what a narrow waist! Her face is small, she really looks just like a doll!
Certainly she wouldn't have dreamt that I would get up promptly without grumbling.
Good grief! I had no idea you had been placed in such a tight spot.
Don't tell me it was really a demand for money from debt collectors?
That you should be stalking Hanako! You'd been quiet recently so I'd let my guard down.
You haven't fallen in love have you!? I won't have it! Having that man become my brother-in-law; I absolutely hate that!
First, we will present a petition to the mayor and collect signatures.
First off, my area of work is mainly in the lower reaches of the Yourou River.
Starting off, first on the agenda is about this morning's two-in-a-bed ruckus.
It's not yet what you'd call finished but we're starting to get pretty good results.
Also as they are in an intimate relationship they are in a situation where it is easy for them to suffer from violence and difficult for them to bring complaints about that to court.
I haven't decided either way. I want to keep an eye on how things go.
It's still minor league but in the not so distant future they'll be coming to a place near you.
It is very important to be careful not to forget them when you leave.
It's still impossible with the naked eye. With binoculars you might be able to glimpse it....
Don't multi-post, idiot.
Mitsuna is very tidy so she often cleans up without being asked.
Everybody has their own projects on, so after all you are the only suitable candidate.
Guys, I'll do my utmost to back you up. We'll make this event a success no matter what!
I don't intend to flatly reject suicide, but I really wish parents would not make their children join in with them.
Of course there were several hundred boats moving around on the water but not just any old one would do.
You mustn't carelessly believe the maker's motto.
It's just throwing money away to have a yacht you rarely use.
From the menu-bar's "Reply" select "create follow-up message". The message you reply to is quoted.
On the memo was scrawled, "have her practice floating in the water."
Oh, you! If you go around with a face like that, I'll have to demote you back down to 'friend' again.
Enough! I can't get any study done at all!
Could you repeat that?
Hmph, Yayoi's navigation was difficult to follow so we ended up going round and round the same places.
There's a comparatively large cinema complex inside the mall.
Could it be that her prickly attitude is just because she has period pains? No, couldn't be.
If I drop out of contact, let the police know, OK?
Of course he thought it was a joke and let it slide with a "hm?" but he was seriously annoyed. I mean, just don't say things like that even as a joke!
With most things there's both what you see and what's behind it.
I finally got hold of that book I wanted.
When there's a man around, the work that can be done sure increases.
I'll do my best to have nothing left to do!
From humorous to creepy stories, like the last volume, you can enjoy various types of stories.
When I asked afterwards it seems he hadn't said that as a joke.
That it be with the off-the-radar Sue of all people!
Due to unavoidable circumstances this summer I can't stay in my holiday cottage.
The lion is the king of the beasts.
The smell of various foodstuffs drifted up from the lunch box.
The runners rounded the corner into the homestretch.
List data can easily be totalled using the automatic sum function.
With the extra rehearsals, work is really tight.
Please buy a few apples.
Roux is made while cooking flour and butter together.
The world seen through the lace curtain was dark.
The Rangers lead the way.
I had to put back the hotel reservations for Rome by three days.
Russia expresses regret for those lost in the hostage incident.
Perhaps the robin's got a taste for the finer things in life and has become extravagant.
He took a slight hint as the start and found the correct answer.
Because I wasn't looking where I was going, I bumped into him when we passed. It wasn't his fault.
My technique is without flaw.
I dream of a society whose wealth is distributed fairly.
Well then, let's show a little of our real strength shall we?
The Abe Cabinet is a coalition Cabinet where the Liberal Democratic Party and New Komei Party form the government.
The Abe Cabinet is the Cabinet inaugurated on September 26, by Shinzo Abe, who was appointed as Japan's 90th Prime Minister.
What will we do about getting tables, chairs and such?
No, no. I mean to say that it has originality.
I'm still miles off becoming a doctor.
As you're starting from scratch you might as well have gone for a major makeover...
Just one slip and you'll be mistaken for a troll and flamed.
I guess Ichiko is a fellow rule-breaker, she's sending me a smile filled with affection for a comrade.
All for one, and one for all. That's team play.
With great effort I held his eyelids open with my fingers and dropped in the eye medicine.
Do you intend to throw away in one instant what our family has painstakingly built up?
I was out all day.
Some residents took a wait-and-see attitude while others prepared for heavy flooding.
The landscape of yellow, a mass of sunflowers flourishing beyond measure.
Ichiro sounded somehow upset but my long years of hanging out with him told me that it was out and out fake.
Included in the printed matter category is what is called 'special mailbag printed matter'.
We roast just enough beans for the amount we're going to drink, and grind them in the coffee mill.
In her right hand was gripped a suspicious looking rod that practically radiated "I'm a magical girl item".
The "X" button in the top right shuts the window.
It's raining heavily so the ground is very soggy.
If it's rainy the mountain climbing will be called off.
If not a lie, close to a boast.
You don't get eggplants from a gourd vine.
If I'm lucky enough for the medicine to work I can get to sleep after 1am but if I don't take it then I can't sleep until about 4am.
The lunch she brought to me was as delicious as rumoured.
We're joined by the red string of fate!
In English there are eight main parts of speech: noun, verb, adjective, adverb, pronoun, preposition, conjunction and finally interjection.
Can I extend my stay?
A good neighbour is better than a brother far off.
Have you ever been in a long distance relationship?
Fred was very troubled by his wife's nagging.
Isn't it reacting against that forced on us that is "human"?
Don't be lazy, use the kanji you've been taught.
The princess was wearing too much makeup.
When I woke up, I was in the car.
I'm not getting involved in this.
We'll watch each other and help each other out.
I like this town as it is. Although, there being so many stone stairs is a bit of a pain...
Being seen off by my whole family I shouldered a rucksack, stocked with my trip supplies.
I hurriedly started searching in earnest.
I saw one, a mermaid, when I was a primary schooler. But it wasn't that sort of fairy-tale atmosphere of a story.
I'm what the world calls an idiot.
You must not lack decorum dealing with your benefactors.
Of those on the loud side, some people say they look like they're briskly working, while others say that they're just noisy.
Turn the volume up.
Music preferences vary from person to person.
Halfway back from school I played with a girl who was walking her dog.
I was assailed by the stupid, but unshakeable, idea that if I was imprudent enough to move my hand I'd be noticed.
They'll be attacked if they carelessly express an original viewpoint, so they only report on the safe options.
I'm introducing some pictures I took, dabbling in photography, along with my diary.
Somehow, all those reasons sound rather far fetched.
No matter what I'm going to the beach! Towel and trunks. Insect repellant!
I didn't know what was what. The inside of my head had gone to panic mode and I couldn't get things straight.
I get the feeling I'm being given the runaround.
Anyhow, having been held in school from morning to evening ... anybody'd be happy on getting released.
What now, you wretch? You thinking of protecting her?
Why do people get fooled by such cheap schemes?
At any rate, that it had ended without serious incident was a small mercy.
For some reason, I don't cope well with those recognized as hardliners.
I kept saying "Let's stop" but she drained cup after cup of wine -- and now, as you can see, she's completely drunk.
Keiko is studying furiously.
At home, because of his reddish hair and freckles, his mother scornfully named him "carrot" and had everybody else call him that.
Another change in family life is the attitude of parents toward children.
If your rent comes in past the fifth, a late charge will be added.
A fault common to scientists is mistakenly believing that every problem has a technical solution.
If you've got the time help out with our relative's work.
It depends on the strength of the flame, the pan used and the type of ingredients.
As the popping sound of the fireworks stopped, it suddenly became quiet around me. The smell of gunpowder somehow put me in a sentimental mood.
Kano, pretending to cry has impact from being used sparingly!
If there are past exam questions then I think it would be best to give them a quick look over.
I slithered down the muddy slope.
We must be a step ahead of the times in our outlook.
In order to make use of the nursing services covered by long-term care insurance, an authorization form indicating their necessity must be filled out.
The company is operating under joint Sino-Japanese management.
I told my boss over the phone that I would be going straight home without returning to the company.
I got the sack but I've a little saved up, so for the time being I won't be troubled by living expenses.
When I reached the hall right away the person in charge unrelentingly said things like "This painting is certain to increase in value in the future," and I went and signed the contract.
The amount of Sony rechargeable batteries supposed to be collected totalled 7,659,units.
Repairing a broken radio I realise over again that I don't have an understanding of the operating principles of circuitry.
Now that I think over it, it's somewhat embarrassing.
Together, the developers may amend this constitution, provided a 3:majority is in agreement.
It is a literary work confronting the class problem of a consumer society.
How should foreign exchange rates be shown? In the foreign exchange market they are displayed centered on the American dollar.
When foreign citizens land in Japan, they must apply for landing permission at the air or seaports where they arrive.
Foreign rice is hard and tasteless, and doesn't appeal to the Japanese palate.
Cough syrup. If I don't drink a mouthful before going on stage I can't settle down!
Politicians from many countries made pilgrimages to the White House.
The revolutionary government, while raising troops from the masses and fighting a defensive battle, established a republic and executed Louis XVI.
They took advantage of the stock price increase to raise the idea of building a new factory.
I suppose that means that, after all, people taken for a sucker give off a 'sucker aura'.
While on a mountain trip, I was chewing on some hard, stale bread when I happened upon a huge snake.
Throat and nose membranes hurt by dry air allow cold viruses to enter more easily. It is important to carry out sensible counter plans against the cold with heaters and against the dryness with humidifiers.
I'd like the bill, please.
In the patient's body the pulse began beating again.
When drawing kanji be careful of dots and sweeps, write as carefully and quickly as possible.
It was annoying, as the manager took his team to a near-miss in the tournament.
Due to ill-health of the web-manager, loss of motivation and other circumstances I have decided that it is not possible to continue.
When it is appraised, in order to check the authenticity and state of preservation of the painting, the real thing has to be borrowed from its owner.
Get messed up with them and never mind shivs they're probably packing heat.
Taking advantage of the popular boom in Korean drama, workers selling Korean goods have increased.
Don't slobber over my face! A-ha-ha-ha. Stop it!
The key is that Asuka abuses Shinji. So, rarely, Shinji flips and assaults Asuka. Then Asuka is surprisingly meek.
She's basically clumsy so ... I guess she looks up to that sort of thing.
There were framed pictures of a child and a wedding on top of the desk.
Let's break stereotypes!
It's difficult for returnees to blend in with that class.
It was on my mind so much that I unthinkingly asked the pupil in front of me.
I slept drowsily with a good feeling for about hours, while rocked by the train.
Thanks to you getting him badly injured, all of that kid's summer plans came to nothing!
This is an important thing for all of you.
It was an accident that was waiting to happen.
My doubts have been cleared up.
Rhyme and meter form the essential rules of Chinese poetry.
I usually cut loose a bit and drink plenty before a day off work but if my drinks are cut with tochu tea then I get absolutely no hangover.
If you leave your textbooks at school during the break, they'll get confiscated.
The palace was heavily guarded.
I suddenly got a craving to eat some crisp roast chicken skin.
It is important to maintain backward compatibility with software that was written to run on the former system.
Quickly stop the flow of milk, leave to stand for approximately minutes for the milk to solidify.
I was given a hard time by a strange guy at the tavern.
For distances, if meters is said it's exactly meters.
The fish is baked slowly till browned over a not-too-close fire.
If it's an aggressive strange salesman, then call me right away. I'll chase him off.
You mustn't let the other person notice that you flinched.
He shuddered at the terrible scene.
Such things as the textbook controversy, lack of recognition of historical events, and the prime minister's worshipping at the Yasukuni Shrine have caused discord with China.
High school students who flagrantly smoke in class and the teachers who can't caution them will be punished.
You can study IP related material during work hours when you have time to spare.
Even during work, I secretly indulge my Internet addiction.
The mountainside was ablaze with the autumn colors of the trees.
In recent years, with a method called VLBI that uses quasar observations, and by GPS we have begun to understand the absolute movement of tectonic plates.
One pound troy weighs oz.
If you can't take it, give up and do what I, your older sister, asked of you.
Ayano tutted, making a sour face.
The air was blocked off, extinguishing the fire.
An empty stomach doesn't help on the mental front.
I want my own house, even if it's a shack.
Saying they could not support both a wife and an airplane, the two brothers therefore spent their lives as bachelors.
Keisuke has always studied in this mansion. That style known as 'home schooling', right?
I learned about Keiko's problem from gossip.
Keiko, any buttered toast?
Keiko deftly piles up the cutlery and takes them to the sink.
Even if that's alright with you nobody else will accept it. I'll get shouted at afterwards so...
Don't you always sleep like a log yourself? I can understand your feelings of wanting them to enjoy their meal but don't be in such a rush.
The police are reluctant to pursue criminal charges in medical cases.
The guard's truncheon hit air. Off balance, he regained his posture to see a metal-mesh rubbish bin flying towards him.
After a light swim, I came up from the water and sat down on the poolside.
Almost all of the reviews of the play were favorable.
This certainly isn't a job where you can take it easy.
First, we decide on that which needs to be decided, then we split into two teams.
And to the people whose married life is not going well, let's remember the marriage covenant sworn solemnly before God at the wedding ceremony.
This is about the case of the "seven mysteries". Did you investigate it?
Under the Constitution, the lower chamber's resolutions override those of the upper chamber.
It can hardly be called research... just an amateur's hobby, I'm ashamed to say.
Looking around the boat was already quite far out in the open sea.
Ken'nichi made a pond in the shape of Lake Geneva.
For code-type locks that don't need a key, there are 'free dial' systems where you can set any number you like, and fixed types where the number is set in advance.
When you think about it, it's all Kenny's fault for being so obtuse.
Her cheerful voice responded just like that. Guess I was worrying over nothing...
He gave up under the severe training he faced.
At present the text book issue between the Korean and Japanese governments is developing into a significant problem affecting both countries.
At present a very great number of people are seeking to participate and, depending on circumstances, up to a month ahead is fully booked.
At present "consume all consumable resources" is assigned as the operational meaning of TETRA.
In present day Japan, "alchemy" is only used metaphorically; to refer to improper means of making money by politicians or religious hucksters with no morals or shame.
At this point, I'm unable to comment on that problem.
I'm saying that if the real thing comes to her, Sekka won't have anything to grumble about.
It goes without saying, but the search ended in vain.
You know what it is.
I should not have said that.
Koga, what on earth happened in your youth?
Our connection may be cut on paper but the bonds of old remain as they were.
The consultant, who is under the authority of the Chancellor, gives the committee advice on important questions.
What color is the far right ring on the Olympic flag?
Please let us know your company's thoughts on this matter first.
Notaries are involved in the drawing up of notarial deeds and sealed envelope deeds.
Curious gazes, gazes carrying a bit of murderous intent...it goes without saying that I couldn't be more uncomfortable.
Kojin Kudo is a born poet.
There's a place called Kuchiwa in Hiroshima.
People who are prone to aggression can be dangerous.
Local industry flourished throughout the land in the Edo period thanks to the promotional efforts by each clan.
That makes me disgusted just to think of it.
The thing blocking my path was a stone wall of less than meter's height.
There and back, in total, it looks like being a schedule of about one week.
In high school, I won the Osaka and Kinki championships in cross-country skiing and Nordic combined skiing on countless occasions.
The Takamatuzuka burial mound is located in Nara prefecture, Asukamura.
Because this is such a highly technical subject, I would like to point out in advance the likelihood that some of what I'm about to say may include information that is incorrect.
Whether it's national economics, family economics, or personal economics, it's not something where sloppy accounting is good enough.
Parliamentary activity has become a political tug of war between the ruling and opposition parties over the issue.
There are three cases where people are not able to do English questions; the first is not being able to read fast.
The Department of Homeland Security's primary function is the prevention of terrorist attacks occurring within America and, in the extreme case of an attack happening, holding losses to the smallest possible level and swiftly carrying out restoration.
It is foreseen that, due to the decline in grain production, China will quickly become a world leading grain importing country, overtaking Japan.
At Kuroda Primary School we assemble at a prearranged time and go to school as a group.
A black limo rounded the corner with a squeal of tires.
So it's finally time to pay the piper.
Right now my score in Cooking is about out of 100. Great isn't it? That's not a fail!
It's OK, that doesn't count.
Fred's agitation has now subsided, and he's sleeping peacefully.
I came to know the man who is now my husband through e-mail; from an acquaintanceship started in that odd way, before a month had passed, we found ourselves resolving to get married.
Was your mock exam score this time within the pass range for your preferred school?
This time I stayed for the first time in a private villa, and it was really quite something.
For some reason it looks to be turning out to be a depressing week.
This wasn't here this morning ... looks like somebody's been fly tipping.
My hair's messed up this morning. At least lend me a hand mirror - it should be shut in the drawer there.
This time, so I don't run out of things to talk about, I'll write a list on the palm of my hand.
Today, looking at this web page, I realized that if these people are idiots then I must be a complete moron.
That guy today, he's being too eccentric - I can't keep up with him.
Today's topic is "the problem of Japanese people abducted by North Korea".
With this, today's activities come to a close.
Today's agenda concerns the re-election of the student council. If anybody wishes to stand as a candidate, please raise your hand.
Today's class continues with inequalities. Like yesterday try to display the domains in x and y.
He used so much inflated language in his speech today I couldn't figure out what he was saying.
Let's make Valentine's Day chocolate today.
We have a kanji dictation test today.
I'm not using my home heater today.
Today's a school day. I'd better make sure not to be late ...
Write up the daily report today!
On the whole, the pomato plants are growing well this year.
Even though we're engaged, she wouldn't let me kiss her.
The race developed into a free-for-all but Shinomiya lapped the group and in the final stage steadily piled on points with good timing to achieve victory.
What a mess...I suppose there's nothing for it but restricting admissions. Handing out numbered tickets or something.
As expectation increases that the dollar will weaken, the foreign exchange market's reaction to US economic indicators has been fairly muted.
In the latest report, it is written that 90% of all the cocaine smuggled in the world is transported by sea, and most of that by speedboat.
At most people can sit round the table.
My wife gave birth prematurely to a 1500-gram baby girl.
My wife loves fish hors d'oeuvre, so it's easier for me to get a kitchen pass for my fishing.
Delivery of the materials took two whole months so it will be late for the 12th of December.
His criminal record is apparently for murder, but he won't start to talk about the details.
In the financial world opposition is apparently increasing against the withdrawal of the proposed bill.
Her old bike squeaked as she rode down the hill.
What that fortuneteller said yesterday is nothing to be concerned about.
I feel smart today, to a degree that is in proportion to the amount of good rest I had yesterday.
The pigs are coming! Let's beat it!
To start with the film crew travelled around the country looking for locations.
Rust is gradually eating into the metal parts.
Mimura Yasuyuki (Konichika LTD, Managing Director) died of heart attack on the third, age 45.
The sun had barely risen at the foot of the mountain when she set out alone up the slope.
After the bushfires, we have independently decided to call off this year's fireworks display.
With a shortage of midwives added to that of obstetricians it has become clear all over again that our country's obstetric care is in an extremely grave situation.
The reduction in obstetricians and gynecologists is a reflection of the decrease in births, thus reducing need for medical care.
Acid soil is neutralised by ash.
Say that work is hours, it feels like the three hour commute time is also work but you don't get any money for it. What a waste.
He got the sack for slacking off at work.
Stop putting off finding a job.
How about using disposable droppers?
In the case of not agreeing to the conditions of the usage consent contract, promptly return the unopened media package to ABC for a full refund.
If it continues to be stimulated the skin's protective function causes thickening and it becomes stiff and hard with pores that stand out.
By using four types of metal, specific frequency resonance is suppressed.
My sister is quick-thinking.
Children should obey their parents.
The children chased after the circus parade.
In spoiling her child, Stella made a rod for her own back in the years that were to follow.
That's me - the coward unable to screw up his courage and find out the truth.
It wasn't as expensive as I expected.
There are too many demonstrative pronouns. To put it bluntly, it couldn't be harder to understand.
Select the graft point after imagining how the branches will extend and fruit grow.
I've never stayed out this late walking before.
We left the motorway at junction 11.
It appears that I don't have it in me to have a harem in my charge.
I have included the names and prices of a couple of hotels which are reasonably close to where I live.
From what I've seen of the product so far, it's pretty good.
My kids have their spring break soon.
My husband has two older brothers. (That's right, I'm a third-son's wife)
I waited until the last minute.
I'm not a Muslim and so I have no obligation to observe the fast but as long as I'm living in the same apartment having consideration for such a custom is important.
I was kicked out of high school.
I'm not well enough to take care of others.
I met him last week for the first time in ages.
I dropped out of school when I was in the 7th grade.
I knew I'd broken my wrist the moment I fell.
I like the simplicity of her dress.
I had an intravenous drip in hospital.
In order to return to our era, what should we do?
The publication of the exam results over without incident, for the time being attention is naturally going to focus on the summer break, right?
Before the match, an opening ceremony was held in the Yoyogi stadium.
He gritted his teeth and forced back his growing fear.
It's ludicrous to continue business operations while selling off bit by bit the land on which your business depends.
A fact-finding committee was set up to determine the cause of the incident.
The actions of Coen, directly commanding the cruise at the time of the accident, are of utmost significance.
Rather than coming to resemble each other, it feels like they are birds of a feather.
Transcending time, the insects of ages gone past dance livelily in amber.
There's no time, so ready-made pack OK?
Checking the clock it was exactly 21:00.
When my home had an extension built I only had this room fitted with soundproofing and an internal lock.
The bike screeched to a stop.
When I put yen in and pressed the button to buy a coffee at the vending machine, four cans dropped down all at once!
It's hard to live with the knowledge that you are a failure.
I know it myself.
Do it by yourself.
I'll do it by myself too.
You should know it.
Even I can't endure it.
Even I can't believe that.
Even I was defeated.
You can put into practice the plan you thought up.
Tanabata comes up in manga a lot so I also know it fairly well.
Although the unemployment problem can't be ignored, the environment problem is also very important.
Please write in a way that concretely conveys the question.
Actually that I bring a huge volume of reference material with me is a makeshift way of preventing people from disputing my case.
Actually this will be my fourth question.
Actually if you eat beets your urine may turn a light pink colour.
I, Stallone, am not such as to be scared simply of being the guinea pig for some test.
Distrust of the Social Insurance Agency and the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare just keeps getting stronger.
The company president's welcome was so long that we were squeezed for time in the second half of the ceremony.
I've apologised, so lay off, OK?
Car? Ah, if you mean that limousine, - I chartered it.
We reached our destination just as I thought the car was going to give up the ghost.
The car was stuck in the mud.
Please don't be cold!
She smiled to smooth things over.
The glass fronted building before you is the rose garden. It's a greenhouse so you will always be able to appreciate the roses.
It's all right to drink, but drink in moderation.
The prime minister directly confronted the challenges of his political opponents.
The mean value of the frequency decreases with increasing amplitude.
Finders keepers.
Hideki, he really hadn't settled in here at all and sulked all the time.
We skimped on the hotel fees and slept outside.
His dress somehow gives an aristocratic impression.
It is wonderful to think of Spring, when the new buds of the persimmon burst forth.
I know you're at an age where sexual desire flourishes and you want to do 'you-know-what' with 'that' but... well, sit down there.
Proceeding from warm-up exercises to leg kick practice without a hitch, the lesson went completely smoothly.
It's simply that I don't really understand what an "oddball" is when said by a Mixi user.
Let's learn the basic tags in order.
The first 'that time of the month' I seem to remember worrying that I was ill, without telling anybody, for two days.
When people are being put into a hypnotic state for the first time I often, after placing them in a very light hypnotic state, wake them and ask them to compare their wakening state to that when hypnotised.
He did well for a beginner.
I think it is all right for beginners to take great pains to avoid using Dr Martin's book.
The ordinary people had their livelihood in farming rice.
I keep a daily record of my business dealings.
The question "Do records of shougi games have copyright?" has been discussed in many places.
Mr Koizumi was elected the new president of Japan's ruling Liberal Democratic Party.
Mr Koizumi succeeded Mr Mori as prime minister.
Prime Minister Koizumi said, "There are people who say that, because it's unconstitutional, I should not pray at the Yasukuni Shrine".
Even if it's just for a short while fighting alongside us is all I could ask for.
Do a little work! You'll lose some weight.
It's a very dangerous sport, where a slight mistake can lead to serious injury.
Including responses up to 'It bothers me a bit', over 70% of respondents said that they were concerned about their pores and skin texture.
At the least there is nobody who equals Madonna.
Although an increase of unmarried mothers is needed in order to escape the declining birth rate for some reason public opinion in Japan is avoiding this argument.
I am touched by the girl's acute sensitivity.
The boy was expelled from music school when he was 12.
In the post-War period, up until 1975, Emperor Showa prayed at the Yasukuni Shrine a total of times.
The lighting was set up to have the intensity controlled by one knob so you could produce the brightness as you want.
Ami frowned in a very un-amused way as I brushed her off with a laugh.
Please explain in detail.
Location check: The parties involved themselves or their attendants should look over the place for the miai meeting in advance.
As yardsticks to measure the effectiveness of information retrieval there exist those called 'recall ratio' and 'precision ratio'.
Rules in connection with staff selection are set as follows.
You can't go putting your values on people's work!
The dining hall is directly adjacent to the lobby, or rather, from where you are, it's just three steps away?
Dietary fibre is good for losing weight.
I don't know whether she believed me or not but in any case it seems she doesn't automatically dismiss talk of the supernatural.
Also my bedding got dirt on it.
I glared briefly in the referee's direction but he was putting on a calm face while picking his nose. "Dammit, the fight's a fixup!?"
In order to continue to challenge new things, in order to meet new needs, we work day in day out in R&D.
It was advertised as a second edition in the newspapers.
Will newspapers be able to survive?
He opened a newspaper and covered the dead child.
The air is wonderful in the woods.
He sighed deeply and headed to the corridor.
I glare resentfully at the crimson letter, is this the infamous red-paper draft notice?
Praise the Lord and pass the ammunition.
I think a god's name has got to be out. From the moment the kid's named you know he's not going to be able to live up to it!
The fireplace, lacking firewood, flames already starting to lose their vigour.
As a parent I was in a truly pitiable state.
He's got a career guidance meeting. So today it's just me and you.
I can feel not only people's souls, but also the faint spirit held by buildings, walls and such.
Take care to turn off lights in rooms when nobody's in them.
Human beings, whether they realise it or not, continually seek happiness.
Artificial tidelands are being developed on a country-wide basis.
Artificial light is produced by means of electricity.
That there are various conflicts, frictions, within the races of man is a point made clear within this book as well.
There are a lot of people so today we've gone for buffet style.
There's no way I could do something like that in front of people.
At this hint of the violent storm to come we shuddered as one.
Sleep deprivation increases risk of heart attacks.
Maths. Homework's about derivatives, but I really can't seem to cope with it.
A few years ago, on Mother's Day, I gave my stepmother a locket as a present.
Ending up with being called a "measles exporting country" by the rest of the world, something that you could take as insult or truth.
If there's a world-wide all-out nuclear war it's said that there will be a "nuclear winter" all over the planet for several months.
When it comes to Chinese books that are overvalued worldwide I suppose it's Sun Tzu, isn't it?
Come to that the uniform had a bit more starch than that I usually wear, it's a bit uncomfortable.
She looked bored while we were making love.
The high performance and the elegant design of this model have combined to give it a high reputation.
What is political science? From the "political," people will probably first associate it with the political incidents that enliven journalism.
While welcoming the firming up of the present government policy to abandon the proposal of the reform bill to the Diet, at the same time some are worried that Prime Minister Koizumi won't clearly state the bill's withdrawal.
The government asked the SDF for a disaster relief deployment to Okinawa.
The Government seems intent upon silencing an organization which has done so much to raise awareness of the human rights situation in Sudan.
I'd like the government to respond resolutely so as to not end up looking timid.
All the colour went from Shoichi's face.
How is Null expressed as a regular expression?
Him, honest? What a joke!
Truthfully, at that time, I didn't have the first idea about such talk: family links, blood relations or whatever.
Quitting my office job was a leap in the dark.
Tell me the meaning of life.
It's a living being, so of course it shits.
She's pure bred blue-blood you see. Unfortunately that's no sort of put-on but her natural self.
I helped a little binding printouts that the student council will apparently use.
Heaving a great sigh I plunk my bread on the table and flump onto the chair.
The command of communication skills in multiple languages is essential to any company providing goods and services on the world market.
Quiet! Everybody stay where they are, there will now be a possessions check.
She's weak, powerless. A mere human.
I don't know about the past, but now we have faxes and emails.
In the past it was perfectly normal to get the back of a teacher's hand or fist as punishment.
She used to be flat-chested - just when did she get so large?
I bought a red tie.
The baby was splashing in the bathtub.
It's as smooth as a baby's bottom.
I'm very happy that I can take care of the baby.
Perhaps having realized it was impossible to persuade her, Ms. Kurosaki sighed and sat down in her seat.
Snow falls silently and piles up ... on top of me.
I went to Sendai and back without resting.
Taking into account the time I'd just spent napping, I'm really picking up the sense that this time's exam really won't be straight forward.
He's the pest that, on last month's class-help day, escaped leaving me with all the work.
Her conditions for choosing a marriage partner took priority.
Cavities have become rarer in the developed countries and more people will be able to eat with their own teeth throughout their life.
The teacher pokes his nose into everything.
I also wanted to enjoy the break, but thanks to preparation and supplementary lessons for a certain six-man team, I got none!
That was the P-wave just now. The S-wave is coming.
You were always a perfect 'superhuman' to an infuriating extent, and so that 'habit' was actually one of your cute, or rather charming, attributes.
They're buddies from my technical school.
The Kawagoe festival float has the shape of what's called a hoko float. It has three, or four, wheels attached.
War isn't something to be done lightly, also changing the constitution isn't something that should be done because "I just really want to go to war".
He's a classic case that the more ignorant people are the more sure they are that they are correct.
Mr Koizumi is now sure of election.
What was the gross income in the previous calendar year?
They went on the offensive in the first half.
The discount can't be used for all goods or at all restaurants.
After Grandma's sudden death, Grandpa began to age rapidly.
Please don't lean out of the window when we're moving.
It seems like you're unexpectedly eloquent.
If it's a request from you, I'm hardly likely to be able to turn you down flat.
I'd just be able to give up better than if you were taken by some other woman.
Well there aren't any other positions left. After that, all that is left is basic member.
I can't leave this to others. I'm no lifesaver but if I don't help her myself....
Many doctors are using some form of absorbable sutures.
Many women pursue higher education and careers, thus delaying marriage and childbirth.
The opera ain't over till the fat lady sings.
Body temperature rising, pulse rising ... he's in a state of oxygen deficiency.
What if you make yourself ill? An unbalanced diet leads to all kinds of sicknesses.
She smoothly and elegantly poured the water into the glass.
I took the opportunity of retirement to begin studying the tea ceremony.
It would be presumptuous to call myself his replacement, but I could offer some guidance.
We spent the entire day in Yoyogi Park.
You stand the axis on the base and then proceed to stack up each part, staggering their position.
Why would a university lecturer of all people end up responsible for a murder?
Two airplanes, one large and one small, were at rest in the hangar.
It'll be fine, you can do it! Trust yourself! You are already a splendid swimmer!
No worries, I'm sure it will be a perfect fit for you!
The flow of evacuation events from occurrence of a large earthquake to the conclusion of emergency counter measures.
Since they didn't tie the knot following a grand love affair, it wasn't a matter of blind love.
The digression is escalating more and more.
I don't even know who has stolen what.
Write a thank-you note when someone goes out of his or her way to help you.
Who are you calling sweet-n-sour?! At the very least I certainly don't remember being sweet!
The diet "wall" that everybody hits.
It's not as if just anybody can write a literary gem.
No one wants to listen to my opinions.
Take a look at this beautiful embroidery made with great effort.
The words covered are steadily increasing, so check frequently.
If it's badly insulated, it won't warm up regardless of how much heating you use.
We measured the electricity used during air cooling in the same way as heating, and compared the old model air conditioner to the energy conservation (2001) model.
The boy splashed about in the tub.
Two male students sharing an umbrella? How strange.
I know! And let me also say that Keiko is a SECOND cousin of mine.
It is necessary to secure financing for local road maintenance.
You, Rikka, are very cute when you're embarrassed.
It was full of spider webs and stuff, but there didn't seem to be any other way to go, so we firmed up our resolve and went.
Are the Chinese GDP figures a case of the boy crying wolf?
After the break-up with her game partners she started to make trouble for other players.
NB: This was drawn a long time ago so the quality is low.
I can hear the chirping of insects.
The casting came cleanly out of its mold.
With all the kerfuffle since this morning I'd almost forgotten but we've still got the problem of the club members haven't we?
Obviously wash your face, but you must also take care of your appearance before assembling here.
A morning erection: Will it last only until I take a leak?
Snow completely covered the town.
I found something interesting in the town.
Let's put together a pro-soccer team for Nagasaki!
Years of effort came to nothing.
I thought the highest mountain in Tsuyama was Takiyama.
Ow! Yukiko! That hurts! Quit hitting me with your fists!
What is that song called that Mr. Tsuji was singing in the TV show?
When the articles of incorporation are complete it is essential to go to the notary public's office to undertake certification of the articles drawn up.
The thief has to be in here. I'm sure somewhere around is his stronghold so if we can just find that we've got him.
Having scattered the enemy before me and triumphantly returned, this is how they would herald me.
The precision ratio is an index that indicates how many articles meet the search criteria out of all of the articles retrieved.
It's a classic commuter town, even during the day there are few people around.
I read about how to make tempura in a book.
It doesn't become a gentleman to fuss over trifles.
Miss Tanaka! You are living with gentlemen house mates! Please refrain from being pantless!
I'm patching things up for your mistake so it's only natural that I get a reward appropriate to my labours.
Mrs Tanaka's characteristic curly hair was sticking up behind her ear.
The dismissal of foreign minister Tanaka is symbolic of the continuing political turmoil.
The party leader rattled on at great length about future policies.
Mailing complete. I leave the rest to you, postman!
Our company is a small but elect venture business that assists in entry and totalling of questionnaires.
Why of course, that's what the "surprise" means.
When it sets off the bell rings, "ding-ding". Thus 'ding-ding-train'.
We've got several more of the same kind of articles.
A mailbag from a single sender addressed to one recipient, as the name suggests, is for delivering a bag of printed matter.
My contemporaries are, working, shopping, out and about, all the time.
On the same day, Apollo succeeded in landing on the moon's surface.
The coalition force fired at her car at the checkpoint in Bagdad.
Another event that has the same behaviour would also be fine.
The path zigzagged up the steep slope.
In particular, it is customary for actual examples of use of the harmonic mean to generally cover "average speed," and explain no further than that.
It was a rush job so it might not be a good fit.
This is out of the blue, but has everybody once felt 'looked down upon by young folk'?
You may not set up a roadside stall without prior notice.
On cloudy days, you can hear distant sounds better than in clear weather.
I also need to get people to understand the real me! My forceful behaviour is one way I try to do this!
I use the subject line to determine the contents so please fill it in.
Heat sesame oil in the pan on a medium flame, add the chicken meat, the garlic and fry, when the colour changes pour in the Chinese soup, add the Chinese cabbage and boil.
Using a doubled-up cushion in place of a pillow I lie down on the hard wooden floor with nothing but a carpet spread over it.
They don't get along together.
The two roads cross there.
The 'gold' yearned for by the Japanese synchronized swimming world was not quite reached.
In Japan there are a lot of translations from English to Japanese and from Japanese to English, but there isn't much real demand for Japanese to Spanish or Spanish to Japanese.
Japan is on the 135th meridian East.
Japan follows the principle of first-to-file.
The Japanese economy is going through a period of great stress.
I passed the second level of the Japanese language examination.
It would be great if there was a Japanese edition.
Word processors for use with Japanese include Microsoft Word and JustSystem's Ichitaro.
Japanese cars are right hand drive.
As you can also tell from these beautiful, far from Japanese, looks, Yuna is not pure-blood Japanese. She's a quarter-blood with a westerner as grandmother.
I shall be introducing the street paper that is only sold by the homeless, "The Big Issue", started in England and has had its first Japanese issue.
Where in all Japan is there a school that has 'advance at the crawl' in P.E.?!
When her cat died, Diana went to pieces.
Behind thermodynamics lie the movements of atoms and molecules following the laws of motion learned in the first volume.
As a general rule, the pension amount is based on price changes in the previous year.
There are abilities that improve rapidly and those that improve slowly, aren't there?
Sheep and horses are set out to pasture, there are sheepdogs too. How about giving it a visit once?
Syphilis is an infection that can be transmitted through sexual intercourse.
I put the shopping bag on the table with a thud.
Hirofumi installed fibreglass insulation in the ceiling.
To the white glass, I added glass of various colours, producing a pretty feel.
Far from irritating my skin it was better than before I used it.
He combed back his hair.
If you go around the Internet, using half-width katakana in various places, eventually you're going to end up pissing off a lot of people.
I heard that he'd died.
The single-minded way he gets on with his life is truly admirable.
For him it may be possible, but I'd never pass the test.
It is no exaggeration to say that, as far as he was concerned, his wife was life itself to him.
His beating four competitors in a row won our high school team the championship.
He has a perfect swing.
His flawlessly ordered life collapsed when his drug-addict brothers appeared.
In contrast to his frightening looks, his voice was kind and calm.
A trickle of blood ran down his neck.
His success is attributed more to hard work than to genius.
Are you aware of anything concerning his past life?
His cooking is of the classic French style that he studied in France.
He's good at this sort of thing.
He is probably angling for an invitation.
He shouted at the top of his voice, "This is a battle we cannot lose."
He had been a practitioner of Aikido for seven years.
He had a shutout until the ninth inning.
He caught the nine o'clock shuttle to New York.
He was waylaid by a band of guerrillas.
He walked on appearing to disregard the prostitute.
He may well just say something ambiguous again.
He threw up just as much as he had drunk.
He swept his brush across the canvas.
He shouldered the swing door open.
He is a right person who can drive a hard bargain.
He's a comedian.
He fell prey to an impulse to steal.
He is singing with a lot of ornamentation.
He is carrying a parcel under his right arm.
He's a drinker, so wine would probably be good for a souvenir.
He did a cartwheel.
As if fleeing, he left the vegetable aisle to go to the meat corner.
He is a handsome man.
Disguising himself as a peasant, he crept into the castle town.
Fighting the fading light he continued to count their names.
Alright! Listen up and listen well!
He has guts.
He resolved to embark on a once-in-a-lifetime enterprise.
Their shoulders are strong no matter what stance they are in so they can throw back to the pitcher well.
As a disinterested third-party, I can declare that she secretly loves him.
Thanks to the arrangements made by Ken'ichi, the women found various places to work around town.
His encounter with her is enriching his inner life.
I guess she's into bondage and domination.
Bit of a worry with the way she dotes on her brother, isn't it?
Her kimono and obi combination is smart, isn't it?
After seeing her provocative body, he became obsessed with her.
Her bewitching body made her very popular with men.
Giggling with embarrassment, she held out the condom.
She lived at Russell Square.
She shouted and threatened a policeman by brandishing a knife.
She is good at speaking English, no less so than her brother.
While she was screaming, she brandished the knife.
She coaxed and wheedled her unwilling child into going to the dentist with her.
She bitterly regretted having said something that displeased her mother-in-law.
She's your wife? There's more to you than meets the eye.
She keeps moaning that she has no time.
She fell in love with him.
Instead of leaving it to others, take responsibility yourself.
Despite the problems of excessive commercialization, etc. the Olympics will go forward into the new century.
The defendant was about to stand trial when he grabbed the deputy's gun and shot the judge.
The princess begged forgiveness from the emperor.
It wasn't a yen coin, it was a bottle cap.
Could you tell me how to refer to the podium for an awards ceremony? The "winner's stand"?
I'm aware that you failed.
I'm not much good at anything, but please be kind to me.
Those who send in old junk they don't use anymore will, without exception, receive a present.
Just where have you been loitering around without your attendants?
Let's use our experiences to nurture the sense needed to make marital relations go well.
It took all night to climb Mt Fuji.
He's got a dual personality - usually a quiet "nice guy" type, but when he flips, his character changes.
A typical nurse will do such things as helping with a urinal bottle, and shaving in preparation for surgery!
Usually the id and name attributes have the same value applied. (N.B. Not because it matters if they differ but just as a matter of convenience.)
That was probably just before Mai took the drastic step of leaving home.
A little bird told me.
I'm a thief, I'll go back when I've taken the stuff. Report me and I'll stab you.
I know. I've thought about how to pace myself.
When writing a sentence, generally you start with a capital letter and finish with a period (.), an exclamation mark (!), or a question mark (?).
Once the complaining starts, it never ends.
In America 'rebate' is widely recognized, generally as an incentive where makers give back directly to consumers.
In regard to the internship system in the United States I availed myself of part of Miyumi Tanaka's work "Making doctors in Harvard" (Igaku-Shoin Ltd.) as a reference.
He plastered the wall with posters.
It's not as if an emissary from outer space will have slipped into school uniform and be loitering around seeking a partner.
When attaching a polarizing plate, set it first and then attach a protective plate (a clear acrylic plate).
What Alice, waiting for a reply, was faced with was a sudden howl. It was a resounding noise, sharp as to burst her ear drums, loud as to reach unto the heavens.
If you piss on the toilet seat, wipe it off!
Aren't you paying for the damages in full?
Yasunori leaned into the armrest and looked in bemusement at the breakfast laid before him.
When inserting the budwood into the root stock make the cambium layer overlap.
If I tell my mother, she'll worry, so I don't think I'll tell her.
Mom sighed, and tousled the hair of her son's head.
It's a guest room equipped with soundproofing with an emphasis on privacy.
Only my seat is cut off from that bustle.
I'm a high school graduate so I am that much able to answer high school problems and such.
Reproduction or appropriation of HTML, images and photographs from within this site is prohibited.
The shirt she apparently seriously thought suited me I turned down and decided to accept a light blue polo shirt.
Thank goodness it didn't worsen. But please don't push yourself yet.
Today, after riding, while grooming the horse I carelessly got my right foot trod on.
Today is our regular closing day.
Pitching camp on sand banks that go under at high tide is a truly stupid thing to do.
They seem a little past their peak, but even so we enjoyed the beautiful cherry blossoms.
My heart pounded at the future excitement.
Taeko, come on from stage left.
We plan to elicit opinions from the public.
Man can't live without dreams.
How about tomorrow?
Tomorrow, I've got an important mission first thing in the morning. I shouldn't be wasting my time with this.
Tomorrow night, I am going to Narita airport.
Even while I was dithering it's like I was being backed further and further into a corner.
If your licence exceeds its validity period then you can be issued with a new licence in the following way.
The object is that which in Japanese would generally be indicated with "ni" or "o".
It stopped short at a result far from the 10% taken as the target.
Our aim is that, when planning classes, we know how to select stimulating material for the students and how to put it into use.
If you break your promise we're through, right?
The question of worshipping at the Yasukuni Shrine is left to the independent judgement of Cabinet ministers.
The box was crushed during transport and the contents flew out.
Yukiko is an innocent girl of tender years.
Yumiko has a push-up bra.
Yuriko thoroughly enjoyed her occasional secret meetings with her lover.
I'm very lucky to have been gifted with this 10,hit picture! Thank you so very much.
The Ariake Sea is one of the biggest tidelands in Japan.
Have you decided where you're going to go to study abroad?
In the evening I went out on safari again, at night I fell asleep hearing the grunting of the hippos.
Just to warn you in advance, today's blog is no fun.
Looks, brains, reflexes, rich family and, for good measure, vice president of the student committee - in other words he's 'perfect'.
It looks well prepared but you see there'll be a slip somewhere.
On the way we dropped in at the shops and bought foodstuffs. They say well prepared means no worries.
Next Monday and Tuesday are consecutive holidays.
I'm begging you, could you stop treating me like a pet?
Please enjoy a calm time in a relaxed atmosphere beauty salon.
They say it's on the wane, but it's still got something hasn't it?
During the orgy Megumi ran naked round the lawn.
Rina is in the home economics club. Her main activity is dressmaking.
He was a man who was the very picture of her ideals.
Explain exactly what the reasons are.
There are wheels within wheels.
I left part of the meal uneaten.
A love story that unfolds between an unlikely pair, a public prosecutor from a good family and a modern high school girl.
From an ethical point of view, the great principle of technology is "responsibility to the present" but the new way of thinking, "responsibility to the future" has emerged.
What I want from Mr Hayashi is the effort required for his actions to live up to his words.
Bamboo stands out in the woods.
The neighbor popped his head up over the wall for a moment.
Correct it, as in example 1.2.
I'll try giving the book "Reiko's Recommended" a quick skim read on the spot.
Spirits are to be found all over the world. This school was built upon the site of a shrine and thus there is a particular tendency for them to gather.
Surpassing labour intensive, capital intensive, the age has shifted greatly to knowledge intensive.
Don't grow old, grow wise!
Deaf people can converse in sign language.
Theses! ... What I write are just my ramblings, they're just something like essays.
Have my eyes also started to fail?
Ryoko has a cute little face.
I think it might be useful if you could add how to output the diphthongs (with small ya/yu/yo) and geminate consonants (with small tsu).
Nothing whatever is known of him.
That's a stylish hat you are wearing.
He opens his eyes so widely they tear at the corners.
It could be a trap; don't let your guard down.
Please beware of fraudulent emails.
I added newspaper article frequency data to the 'Kanji list' function.
You're pretty good with the lay of the land.
After climbing Mt. Fuji, I got the inspiration for a poem.
Is this bread's best-by OK?
Right, while we're taking a walk anyway, we could like go along the woodland path and enjoy a little stroll through the forest...
"Let me get a sample," and she transferred part to a petri dish.
Well now. Are those words to be trusted I wonder?
I sprang out of bed.
By 'Torii' you mean that red objet d'art at the top of the steps?
In short some guns have excellent security systems to prevent accidental firing (e.g. when dropped), others don't.
The third in the series was a level above the rest.
"With no picks how did you break in?" "The toilet window was open."
"I haven't got the time to keep up with you." "That's rather depressing."
It was just a simple greeting, but somehow I got strangely tense.
We finally arrived at the ski hill... the snow had turned into rain.
We introduce you to the entire line up of songs that made it into The Best Ten.
In fact, I've heard that long hair is more likely to go bald!
I'm taking care of it. You can relax. You can rely on me.
Well, we're neighbours. I'll be popping over all the time.
That's no good! You're tall so you've got to be in the forward defence.
Where did you come up with the idea that I'm familiar with robotics and such I wonder?
A 'commuting wife' is just what the name says, it's a form of marriage where the wife travels to her husband's side.
Jigsaw refers to a fret saw - that's how the name's origin was derived.
Just because it's a "safe day" I'm not going to make out like monkeys without protection. Isn't it the duty of loving sex to take proper care of contraception?
Now there are charms and talismans for your pet that you can have blessed.
Newly weds but with a child? Yes, that's right - the son is from the father's former marriage. He's been divorced once.
You mean you're short on fuck-buddies?
Are you OK for drinking water in an emergency?
The UFO, with a zigzag movement you couldn't think of as being a plane, flew off into the mountains in the east.
By the way, Ren. Should I take your hand? Every year you wander off.
Why don't you try out getting a new Windows Media Player skin and changing the player's look?
In Japan it's generally thought that Germany's water supply isn't suitable for drinking, but this is a mistake.
"Didn't you get married!?" "Oh, we split up. We broke our engagement."
That's pitiful ... don't put on such a death-bed voice from just a body slam.
I also brought some gruel I made. It just needs warming up.
I'll feed it to you so ... here, open wide.
Conversations with the management, reports and such should be very freely interpreted into normal language.
The streets are in full Christmas mode - it's almost Christmas Eve.
Amazing! This moving a story is a first for me! It's truly an epic among epics!
I've already had the entrance ceremony. It's a university alongside the same railway line.
It seems like it will take me a while to get accustomed to life here.
Groaning strangely she is hurling her overflowing passion onto the canvas!
Taking care of the excretory needs of a patient you've just met is a very demanding job.
No dirty jokes!
What, you having bread again? I see you're still leading the same thrilling dietary life as ever.
"What's up? Fidgeting around in front of the house." "Um ... I was waiting for you to come back."
Just how well can masks block the, even smaller than pollen, yellow sand dust? I think it much more of a nuisance than pollen.
By evening, a few clouds had formed.
"Asami was bawling that you had kissed Sanada so" "I didn't bawl!"
"'Yuki', so you do put your own name in." "Yup, isn't that roleplaying's essence?"
It's very easy to drink potato shochu now that the potato-like smell has been reduced to a low level through use of the latest biotechnology.
We're going to buy underwear. You're still not wearing underpants, are you?
The stopcock's turned off.
Well, for the practical problem, in the midst of those rumours flying around I'm surprised they've been able to keep that club running.
I'm sure it's tough taking part in the activities of two clubs, but good luck!
In the darkness, I frantically reach out towards the receding figure.
Don't go back to sleep!
"Situation report." "At present in sight. At most probably 7. Holding small calibre arms."
"Remember here?" "It's where we gathered for going to school in groups."
When I use contacts, my eyes feel dry and become red.
We're what they colloquially call a single mother family. I haven't seen my father's face.
Lightly weigh the tofu down, leave it for about minutes then drain.
You're late! Sheesh, dilly-dally dilly-dally ...
I started to think I had behaved foolishly.
OK, this next! The combination of this and this might be way sexy!
Guys that handsome are few and far between.
There aren't many blokes that nice!
Does the applicant have suitable abilities to carry out the job?
"Well, even so my score is far above yours isn't it?" "What did you say!? If I was to go all out you'd be as nothing to me!"
The enemy behind us presently exists solely to cut off our retreat.
We drop off our luggage in a small prefab hut and promptly start preparations.
... Aaah, just how am I supposed to cope with this I wonder?
Since my brother died suddenly two years ago, my sister-in-law has valiantly kept going the small jewellery store he left her.
Hit up on the D-pad, and the background music will change as the background itself becomes the Demon King's castle....
I'd defeated the four sub-bosses and got through the damn long underground labyrinth.
Shurrup! Don't make such a fuss over a little headache. I'm flat out of magical power - this is all your fault!
"Ah, this is my idiot son Takashi" "Eh-er, yes. (The late) Takashi, right?" "Fuusy, he isn't dead yet! Probably."
This, appearing at first glance to be perfectly obvious, is actually very difficult.
Not wanting to boast but I've never got better than a on my report card for home economics. Out of that is.
A-ha-ha ... sorry. I forgot my contacts, Unless I'm right here I can't see it.
However often I phone I can't get through.
Haru's always been like that; he's very kind at heart.
If I'm to become a regular, I have to work twice as hard as the rest.
Beware of 'One Ring' malicious nuisance calls!!
3. If you do phone then hang up immediately, without following any instructions given.
Even making an international phone call from a mobile, if it's Mobila then you can do it for Yen per minute.
That was another impressive fall-flat-on-your-face ... Hey, you alright, Sophie? Can you stand?
That's not what I meant. I'm not being sexist. Men and women are just different.
The other day when I stopped by at a friend's house, it wasn't my friend that came out of the front door, but her husband.
I've set the stage so now you just have to show some guts, OK?
"That's dangerous, I'll clear it up." "It's OK ... Ouch!" "Look, didn't I tell you so?"
If you're with me as a staff officer then I need you to bring a sense of danger with you to your work.
You're considerate, but don't you think you should work a little more at understanding the subtleties of the human mind?
The girl was carrying several books, not textbooks but thick hardback books.
I want you to somehow resolve the situation as promptly and avoiding to cause trouble for my sister and those around us as much as possible.
The website's tagline has to let people know what that business does and how it differs from the competition.
It's the class bell. The pupils that had been around the school gate quickened their steps as one.
"Is that some sort of uniform?" "Oh right, it's because I play field hockey."
As the lesson comes to an end, even if the teacher doesn't say "be quiet" or "sit down," the children naturally return to their seats and quieten down.
The woman dental hygienist said to me, lying down in the chair, "Right, please open your mouth."
Up till now America has called itself the world's police and continued suppression relying on military force.
"Good morning. You're a bit late today, aren't you?" "Yes, I ran into a bit of trouble."
It's no joke! It's really a pain, you see.
"By the way, do you know what a Shinto shrine is?" "I've a little bit of knowledge on the subject. It's a religious facility where that which is the object of worship, that called the genius loci, is enshrined."
Yes. I'm pretty sure there are complimentary tickets that haven't been used somewhere.
Not to be taken lightly, local amusement parks. Couples, families, as far as can be seen people, people, people.
A creepy cry that sounds like a human voice, velvet black wings, the image of tearing into dead flesh; crows are known across the world as an ill-omened bird that flies down with ill-luck.
Hey, Cleo. Don't wander around too much, OK? We've only just entered the park.
Despite having lazed around without having touched my work I'm frightened at heart that "Ooh-er, this time I might really not get done in time!?"
Light source, that is what direction the light is facing, also take care with shadowing. Just copy down into the sketch book you have at hand as accurately as possible.
There were figures there from those of an age best called girls and boys to those who looked to be old enough to be about to live out their life span.
To keep holding the barrier up is just to wait for death! So we're going to go out past the wall and counter attack the enemy, you ready!?
The girl, her eyes shining brightly from that single hint, makes her cute cat-motif automatic pencil run across her notebook.
A certain movie was novelized - rather it was a scenario written for a movie that was expanded as a novel and localized to Japanese.
About the same time as he entered the classroom and arrived at his seat, the chime to announce class rings across the school.
That's because they're the classic places for 'something' to appear. Like the grand piano that plays by itself, the human anatomical model that moves by itself ...
Businesses perceive as competitors a narrow range of the business world; there are many cases where they don't understand their real rivals.
"I might like to know about your relations with men." "Relations with men?" "Things like who you get on well with, who you've dated and such."
There were long desks lined up, several pipe chairs, and stuck on the bulletin board were a calendar and several printouts.
"Did I really sigh?" "While giving out an aura of unhappiness."
Shall we go with cornflakes or something light from tomorrow?
It's only manners to tackle all out a game that they have gone all out in creating. Pressing the pause button is just rude!
I had imagined that the newbies fresh from university would probably be stuck with all the backstage work - collecting reference material, getting copies and such but I couldn't have been proved more wrong.
It's obvious but the connection between people is "words". It is by those words that thoughts are shared and arguments carried out.
It's just if we have it every day we're bound to get fed up with it. I must increase the variety of my cooking.
"Well, it's hot again today, isn't it?" "That's one more time you've started with a bland topic."
The other day, a water quality inspection was carried out at our house. We had it done by a certain famous company's Environment Analysis Center or some such name.
Then what is this I wonder? If it isn't dodgy door-to-door sales then could it be a new kind of pickup technique for the ladies?
It was to say that going to the station was too much of a bother after all so I should come to the hotel she's staying at. Good grief, what a selfish woman!
"Ah ... I'm just not feeling so well" "Really? Are you OK?" "Heh-heh. Actually I'm playing hooky."
The exchange unfolding in front of my eyes had not a single millimetre of a gap in which for me to slip.
There is a matter that we would like to discuss urgently regarding club activities, so please come to the staff room.
In addition to the general curriculum there are tutorials in the essentials of machinery, training is also carried out for skills in and learning how to use the various types of machinery.
I have to wrap my sister's dinner in clingfilm.
What on earth spurred them to such an action?
I think that as long as I don't overeat, I will certainly lose weight.
If you skip breakfast and keep lunch light, then in the evening you can have whatever you want.
A gift of cheesecake is apparently good to soothe discord.
We are now going to move to the crematorium so if Mr. Ogawa and you would enter the car ...
Ha-ha, you always stretch when class is over don't you?
Truthfully, if I'd said I didn't have any regrets over my snap decision I'd have been lying.
It's said to be a girls' high school characterised by its quiet and traditional feel and a chic, high-class uniform.
The days after that flew past.
The first thing that came to my attention was the large sofa. It was covered in sober coloured leather, the seat and the back both looked wide and comfortable.
There isn't anybody in front of the main gate yet.
I am still clumsy catching batons thrown high up.
With a pitter-patter of footsteps she runs off to the entrance.
Microfibre cloth is cloth woven from fibres as narrow as a hundredth of the width of a hair.
It was I who found her. She'd lost consciousness so I carried her to the infirmary.
She has a boyfriend she's been going out with since high school but feels their relationship has become a matter of habit and is increasingly dissatisfied.
Get a move on!
Let's have a contest. The side to come up with the worst insult wins.
Dammit, that pest Nagisa, she really went and snitched on me to the teachers.
 Corrected mistaken/missing characters in the text data.
"Ryu, I can't seeee!" "Naturally, that's because I'm covering your eyes."
"Isn't it about time you tried photographing people or something?" "Eh? Snapshots? I don't know ..."
With that sort of attitude you'll never get past the honourable-mention prizes.
First thing today there's an appointment for a portrait ... what do you say? Will you try doing it as a test?
I quietly take out my camera, so as not to be noticed by my photographic subject, and peek through the finder.
There's no way one that big is going to go on a bike's luggage rest.
Please do your model building at home! The room's full of the smell of lacquer.
As we entered the shopping district Haruna's gaze darted about, just like she was a rustic from the hills, as she looked over the area.
The servants gathered there totalled ... n-nearly one hundred!
"You mustn't be late, OK?" "But if the teacher's late too it doesn't count, right?"
What? You can't do it? You coward! Chicken!
Come on, get walking!
OK, here's the donation ... yen each. Here you go, Mihane.
Last week I was treated to dinner by my friend who'd won at pachinko. It was all-you-can-eat so I ate to my heart's content.
"What is this? An offering?" "That's right. Put it in this offertory box ... and pull this rope."
Well then I'll allow two on a bike, but you pedal, because I'll ride on the rack.
"What're you doing?" "The household books. Our finances are pretty tight so we have to do things properly."
To apply further analysis to documents and files matching the keywords and find the hidden truth is "knowledge".
This autumn I am, unusually, watching many drama series.
"Buy a lottery ticket or something?" "Well, I don't think I've got much luck with gambling."
Essentially it's a one-to-one match, but the content of that match is a level so high as to be unthinkable to an ordinary person.
We're in a slump, barely scraping by, so we certainly don't have the margin to take on a part-time worker.
I'm not going to the library, but I can take you as far as the station.
Paul, we can borrow up to books.
How late can I ring?
Bing-bong ... bing-bong ... "Oh-oh. The class bell!"
Just look! The potatoes are all rolling out! You're a real dullard aren't you?
For my multi-talented sister, able do anything with ease, it seems that my commonplace self is something whose existence she finds very hard to forgive.
"Hey! It's dangerous to run here." "Eh? ... A-a-Aaah!!" "Oh dear, what did I tell you?"
I don't expect him to understand my innermost thoughts but I wonder what I can do to get him to hold an interest.
Even walking till my legs turned to lead I couldn't find one that I liked.
What! You going to take her side again!?
"That's an unusual hobby she's got, the transfer student." "She's cute so it's fine with me."
I sit down crosslegged where Aoi points.
You're a waste of breath!
Crutches are pretty tricky ... "Excuse me, stretcher coming through!"
Don't dodge the issue, I want you to answer my question.
Oh no! I'm late again!! I'm going to get the nickname 'King of Late arrival'.
One month since entering high school ... not a single friend yet. That's really terrible, at this rate it will be middle-school all over again!!
It's geared pretty much towards real fighting isn't it? Apart from the eyes, crotch, and attacks against fallen opponents just about anything goes ...
However not attacking your partner in sparring is not a kindness!
The act known as terrorism, that rips away from us in an instant our peaceful days of happiness, is certainly worthy of being called an enemy to all mankind.
They also teach that, for great sins, they cannot receive forgiveness unless they confess to their leader.
You're Daisho? Up till now you've really lorded it over us haven't you?
Quit your bellyaching. You goin' to do it, or not!?
Which will he choose, I wonder, martial arts or death?
I'm begging you, before freaking out on me listen to the end of what I have to say.
Apprenticeship is a system where you eat, sleep and live with your master and are taught various martial arts know-how and secrets.
When I see typos I lose interest in answering.
At the time there were no native English speakers teaching in any public school.
It goes without saying that at that time a kind of friendship beyond master and disciple grew between the two of them.
What I looked up to in Shota was not his 'strength'. It was his heroic courage to put his life on the line to carry out his convictions.
India has a cuisine rich in regional flavour.
He says he avoided the danger by playing dead.
"If you don't get in our way any more, I could see my way to letting bygones be bygones." "That's remarkably generous ..."
"Now that I think of it, where's Tanimoto?" "Playing the lone wolf, as always."
Hi Mr Ant, keeping up the good work today as well. Here's a sugar cube.
Ladies and Gentlemen, thanks to your untiring efforts our hideout is finally complete!!
"Let's see, you're ... er, um ... M-" "You're wrong from the first letter!!"
Crawl forward is done much more agilely - scuttle like a cockroach!
Good timing. I'll get you to test drive the new model.
A strong veteran, having trained for tens of years, can fall to a weakling in a moment of laxness. That's what the martial arts world is.
Please hold the line so as not to lose your place in the queue.
What do you think? Does it suit me? It's what servants wear around here.
However, although our companions were willing, they knew nothing about management or getting money.
Well you're always putting on a show, and you're always on guard.
Please ensure you always include a link-back in your replies. ">>" in plain ASCII + number (e.g. >>1).
Ah-you've gone all red. Riku - that's so cute!! Ha-haha.
You say you had a nibble, it looked to me like you'd polished it off.
To get up in the morning, and there be someone to say good morning to - I haven't had this feeling for a long time.
It's a good idea to stop using direct-links to files. Use a trick like starting the URL with double-width h t t p or something.
"The old lady of this shop is very unsociable but ..." "Taiki, I can hear you!" "Ack!"
Having said it, Mayu hangs her head in embarrassment.
Even so ... she didn't have to slap me!
"But we're brother and sisters, aren't we?!" "In name we are."
One more thing. If you try anything on Mayu I'll break your spine.
Never mind that. More importantly, if we don't go soon the time-limited sales will finish.
A load of kilograms is the max.
You must have some nerve to ignore _me_.
"Where's that superstition from?" "Call it folk wisdom."
What does destroying evidence get you? The usual thing would be to contact the police, wouldn't it?
In short, he's run off without paying off his debt.
I've heard about it. Your parents disappeared, running out on their debt didn't they?
You're an arrogant dirty foreigner who claims your dictionary is correct even though you don't understand the nuances of Japanese.
You've already drunk mummy's milk. Don't cry, please go sleepy-sleep.
And so everything ends up coming down on Mai's shoulders.
Spoilers ahead! If you don't mind that then read after highlighting (colour inverting).
In any case I just want to make clear that the fact that these are not normal people.
Don't you find yourself reaching for things with '20% extra' written on them?
"My metabolism is such that no matter how much I eat I don't put on weight." "Just now, this second, you've made enemies of people throughout the world."
Well sports day is over too, next the midterms ...
The number of *****s in the hint has no relation to the number of characters in the word.
In order to bring out your talents to the full you need to a profession more suited to you, to find a new work place.
"Morning. You're early today." "You too. I thought you'd still be dead to the world."
When indicating 'tense' in Chinese, as shown above, there are 'particles', 'time-specifying words' and also many cases where it depends on context.
In the morning, I just want to have a leisurely start.
Well it's very difficult changing jobs after you're thirty so I don't really want to do it.
Kyoko, startled by the lightning, clung onto me.
"How is it?" "Well, yes ... could be some signs of dehydration."
It's a job worth doing, but if I think about the working hours and the risk ... I could be onto a real losing proposition here.
He found it very hard to keep the conversation going.
The orchardist grafted an apple bud onto the rootstock.
Please don't do translations if you're crap at it. This is a plea from the English translation clients.
Sheesh, you've even got cigarette butts scattered around.
If I wasn't here, this office would be in chaos in three days.
Because, no matter if we have got lost, I'd hate to sleep outside this sort of place.
The further I went the more irresistible became the feeling that I was going round and round in circles.
My head's still pounding but I don't have a temperature any more.
Packed into wooden fishing boats like sardines, the immigrants undergo the dangerous voyage there.
Her nature is neither affected nor pretentious.
In the font business you must never trust anybody!
He didn't intend to let her drive but she pestered him so much that he finally gave in.
And then I breathe a sigh from melancholy in being unable to do anything about it.
With the development of networks a huge and unprecedented volume of messages flies around the world.
Apparently the iPod nano has good sound.
With this tutorial you will use the sample manga to become accustomed to the procedures for seeing the manga including download.
VISUACT supports flexibly the varied environments and needs of our customers and offers a variety of operational procedures.
She plays Bach.
It is the drop in the rice pricing (blamed on consumers' loss of interest in rice and the freeing up of the international market) that is the cause.
You will receive a confirmation email after your account has been activated by an administrator.
Of these it is the latter one that is important.
Whatever you do don't leave the lid up on the toilet!
Among these views, the second one is of importance.
I paid at the appropriate time.
I wonder how many times I've come here with her.
Mountain fires are thought of causing little harm with the only damage being the burning of trees and shrubs, but actually there's a hell of a 'hidden character'.
He squashed up a bit to the side to leave a seat free.
You can't believe a word of that.
"Bye, see you tomorrow." "Oh, what's this? Leaving on the dot again?"
"May I have one as well?" "Yes, certainly. Today's on the company after all."
When I looked at the explanatory notes under the posts list I realized what was causing it.
Already three years since I became an office lady. It's not as if I'm dissatisfied with my present lifestyle but, well ...
WARNING - 18+ ONLY.
Like the banner, the design was based around the colour white.
Men are absolutely not allowed to post or reply to articles.
Please ensure the genitals are obscured by a mosaic effect.
Thank you for waiting. One kid's meal and an ice cream soda.
As I left the brothel, I was embarrassed to be seen by my friends.
It was embarrassing the way my parents bragged about me at the concert.
Last week's snow was limited to a very small area.
Apply a compress to the affected part every two hours.
Astronomers inferred the existence of a local supercluster.
The exhortation "Don't quote Wikipedia" was included in the Asahi newspaper of yesterday or the day before.
The former president of a certain association has been arrested on suspicion of breach of trust.
A normal person might spend a lifetime at it and still not succeed but faced with a determined Ren it was not greatly different from a normal cylinder lock.
Up to now he had made nine humanoid robots but they were all demonstration models.
These cancellations without notice are a real pain.
Hiroshi is worn out with worry since he lost the only copy of the book he needed for his report.
Let's take precautions against heat fatigue, before we flake out from the heat, and have a healthy summer.
I arrived home, thoroughly worn out, after getting lost in the mountain paths.
We ask that those who have had a change to their residence report and have not yet submitted a change report please do so as quickly as possible.
I'm not bothered. It's just my usual nightcap. Having someone to drink with on occasion might be nice.
It seems I've got a little tipsy. Sorry to have talked rubbish...
Sorry, that's a typo.
We, ACME Ltd., hereby announce that we will resist with all our strength this hostile takeover.
"What? Are you doubting us?" "B-but, that is, suddenly 'spirit world', 'magical beings' - it's strange to ask me to believe."
Low-fat milk for me.
It was evening and already dark but I saw a cat walking along a telephone wire. Can they do that, cats?
It is strange that a cameraman heading for a war-zone should not know about the danger of unexploded shells. The newspaper company is being negligent in its training.
C is formed by reacting A with B.
What you don't see and hear with your own ears and eyes might be true, but it might also not be true.
They don't use 'celeb' to mean 'rich man' over there. By which I determine that you are Japanese.
Depending on which you think of as the main point, either is OK.
Apparently they aren't given, but loaned.
Let us pray for a perfect, an eternal, peace.
The addict died from a drug overdose.
This is an early work, I did it freely without storyboarding so it's unreasonably long.
Say ... I can hear screams coming from the women's bath.
Take that back, right now!
It's scary how little consideration she gives to being a woman.
Ontogeny recapitulates phylogeny.
You can't ask us to believe this.
Your wonderful lecture was pearls before swine.
There was a class reunion after years.
I'll leave you to lock up.
Obviously we will help but please remember that what decides it in the end is your zeal.
It's embarrassing to be seen without make-up so please don't stare.
The Internet has a lot of information and thus also a lot of useless information.
That young couple are still tied to their parent's apron strings.
MP (magic): Ability score needed to use magic. As you use magic it drops, but with time it recovers.
Also, those of you who don't have the chance to wear a 'kimono', go for it and wear one!
It is said that the castle dates back to the 11th century.
"We've got taller so they don't fit." "Right, it's certainly not that we've got fat!" "The useful phrase 'grown up' is our trump card."
I'd like to ask a grammarian, isn't it possible to think of 'be + participle' like you do V C and such?
She studied hard in order not to fail the entrance exam.
Write two expressions that are followed by either count or non-count nouns in conversation.
The threat increases; a defence that doesn't evolve is meaningless.
He's just a normal junior high school student, not particularly intelligent.
Of course I apologised, saying that the first appointment had priority.
By summit, do you mean the Group of Eight?
You just have to understand what sort of thing the suffix '-osity' is.
'-osity' is an abstract noun word ending created from the ending of an '-ous' adjective.
That means nothing if English speakers don't understand it.
You need permission to put up that sort of poster, and, most of all, you're ruining the looks of the street!
It's not like I've got any special interest in gym shorts - I've not got that fetish, I think.
Obviously the teacher can understand both English and French.
Actually, there are many cases where 'have [object] done' is not causative.
After dark clouds, you get periods of refreshing clear weather.
Drying the washing on a fine day in the rainy season; I felt like it was already summer.
This bow has a strong draw.
Losing my daughter has taken away my will to live.
Skiing, barbecues, parties: with this plan you get the best of everything and can enjoy it all on a one-day visit.
It's a fiddle going to and fro between the keyboard and mouse so are there shortcuts to allow operation using only the keyboard?
I wanted to help, but there was nothing I could do.
You couldn't tell it by looking, but she has the legendary tale of having eaten two whole cakes when a child.
My life changed, sparked by meeting Mr Matsukawa.
Let's master example sentences and the make-up of text by dictation.
If you can translate the subject and object then after that it isn't so difficult.
You're pretty late to have just gone shopping. Have you been making out someplace?
If I was going to the African continent where would be the safest and most sanitary place?
It's talking about how, thanks to air transport, we've lost the sense of 'season' for foodstuffs.
There can be no people who have gone through as many hardships this century as the Jews.
We are making advance plans for our holidays.
That was a nifty way of doing it.
You won't trick her; she knows a thing or two.
Even if we don't get lucky on the first try we can just keep fucking till I get pregnant.
I'm not interested in apologetics.
Tadami is in Minamiaizu in Fukushima; cut off by steep mountains and located on the prefecture border with Niigata.
Many people suffer from heart disease in Japan, but in Libya those having heart attacks have also increased a lot recently.
It's all over.
To my side, my wife, who I'm presently at odds with, lies sleeping.
Of course. Now that you say that, certainly Ms Tanaka wasn't shot even once in the mock battles.
We don't have polygamy in Japan, dear.
By means of a super high-pressure water spray practically all the sediment is removed.
They still haven't been able to work out quite what her motive was for resorting to crime.
I'm going to get going before this feeling goes!! Well they do say "Strike while the iron is hot."
Ha-ha-ha, pray forgive me. Please don't worry yourself about that!
In the end, it was just too much bother so I went home by taxi.
There's no telling when she'll stab you in the back.
This week I've watched foreign car-action movies with subtitles for three days in a row.
The bidet-toilet itself has not spread much outside of Japan.
Ah, the phone card's already running out.. See you in half an hour.
And also the gym uniform is still gym shorts, isn't it? I wonder why.
If the more advanced want to improve English ability (especially reading comprehension) increasing vocabulary is the way to go.
There is a world of difference between, "somehow being understood" and "using correct English."
Just as if that was proof that that English was correct.
That's a plan that sounds likely to be cancelled by rain.
"You're OK without your glasses?" "Ah, these are fake you see, I thought it might make me brainier..."
"I've heard about it, Koichi" "You don't need to say anything more, I know. It's the summer festival incident at the shrine, right?"
I pay my university fees to go to university by part-time work. Well, I'm a 'working student' I suppose.
Oh, but don't worry. I don't put the moves on straight guys.
In many languages the way dictionary-form words end is fixed; in Japanese they end in a 'u row' character.
"Practising sword throwing?" "It just slipped out of my hands."
You couldn't say that was a plan with any sense of reality to it.
Mr Pryor collapsed with a subarachnoid haemorrhage when rehearsing for a performance in Paris. He was taken to local hospital but passed away at 4:pm.
Despair drove him to attempt suicide.
It's raining again. I wonder if we will be able to have the February snow festival?
However you could say that being found hard to understand by the common folk for one's genius is fate.
Elementary and primary school children don't yet know good from evil or reality from fiction.
I'd like to do without commas, but feels odd if it doesn't have commas.
Throwing knives were stuck deep into the men's necks.
We want you to take command of this unified force.
Your division was highly praised for fighting well in the midst of a hopeless conflict.
Ha-ha ... She isn't human. She's a robot; A-n-d-r-o-i-d.
There was nothing wrong with their ability, it was just that the expense for each unit was so vast that the cost performance was bad.
However fine the words of the management, those working for them see what is to be seen.
He kindly answered questions.
It's when you become able to move that the real value of health hits home.
It's well said that "You can't judge people by their appearance", isn't it?
I'm not good at posting stuff online.
I say "should", because theses written in the present tense are still seen around and about.
Oh, that's a secret, OK? Because slipping out of the dorm in the night is severely punished.
You've both been very impressive today. I'm proud of you.
There's someone I'm in (unrequited) love with, but that person is busy now and I don't get replies to my emails.
These drinks are a la carte.
Christmas in Japan is, if anything, a day for couples.
'The child is father to the man' is certainly well said.
Oh boy ... when they hang out with you for long everyone ends up picking up your bad habits.
We use "present tense" for this kind of case.
This e-zine is for those who, unswayed by the cajolery of the modern language industry, firmly trust that the traditional learning method of grammatical analysis is the way to go.
It's a troll trying for click-throughs. It's being multiposted in English-related communities all over the place.
"Past tense" is used in connection with actions in the past.
The present perfect expresses the long span from past to present.
Adverbial time clauses (here 'when') write about the future in the present tense.
These are both called "future volitional" and include the intent of the subject.
Yes, truthfully, until it was right in front of me like this, I half-doubted it ...
This sentence is in the present perfect. 'have' is not a verb, but an auxiliary verb.
So characteristic of what a pious Christian would say, this courteous phrase.
You should get there in five minutes walking.
He has come to look like a sly-as-a-fox Premier who uses his position's powers to the fullest extent, to his own advantage.
All hands, abandon ship!
I cannot help but be concerned about the commercialism of Hollywood movies.
But, if by that, morale drops wouldn't that defeat the purpose of the exercise?
No sign of the enemy in our surroundings.
Me, I'll make it to the class reunion no matter what I have to leave undone.
They contacted the station staff but the man had left the area and gone out through the ticket barrier.
This is off-topic. Sorry.
* The basic prohibitions (No slander, libel, etc.) are noted in the "Read me first." Please be sure to read it.
You call that a marriage?
Frankly, no one really stands out.
I'm surrounded by fuckwits!
All those bastards do is complain.
Our experimental results left something to be desired.
The plans for the company outing don't sound too exciting.
In hard times, in sorrowful times, let's try doing something for other people.
I have to get to sleep! I've got classes tomorrow.
When I inquired "what is that?" I was told, "go and find out for yourself."
I know that interest rates are fixed in accordance to the borrower's business risk.
Recently I've stopped being afraid of "living in shame" and being exposed to "public ridicule".
By the way, today is the 8th of June  my wife's birthday.
Happy birthday, Miss Aiba!
The present password is "eosdigital".
In the cold season when you want to drink something hot I recommend this sort of thermos flask.
This a recent photo?
Next, let us think about whether we have the time to look after a dog.
For some reason the microphone didn't work earlier.
'can' is an auxiliary verb, so in question sentences it is brought to the start of the phrase.
The example is a past progressive tense sentence. How was everybody taught when they were learning about progressive tense?
In a progressive tense sentence it becomes the -ing form verb, that is the present participle.
There are grammar books that call these sorts of things, not modifiers, but adjuncts (A).
An English-Japanese dictionary is surely a must have book, not just for those taking TOEIC, but for all studying English.
Among my cousins, you know, there's a girl with the most enormous breasts.
Apparently in this library are precious books that money can't buy.
A complete intransitive verb takes neither complement nor object.
The book shop also looks like it closes late.
With verbs there are intransitive verbs that don't take an object, and transitive verbs that do take an object.
The choice of example sentence wasn't wise.
When the antecedent is this, that, these or those it is usual to use 'which'.
I was locked out! There's got to be something fishy going on.
Two weeks after being admitted to hospital my acne suddenly started to disappear.
One of the greatest hurdles facing middle school students learning English is relative pronouns.
The relative pronoun 'that' has two states, a nominative case and objective case, but there is no possessive case.
Of course you can't say that it's worth nothing because it isn't perfect, so that doesn't mean that GTD is useless.
I don't think that they are valuable just because they have a large crop, but I'm glad when they sprout in great numbers - even when they are poison mushrooms.
... Hey-hey you two, is it no holds barred as soon as you know it's my treat?
Take it seriously! The school festival won't wait for us. We're already in the final countdown.
Conjugation of irregular verbs - essential for those learning English.
Forget it. He is our mutual friend, after all.
However, maybe from the sudden change in pressure when you put them, having your ears pop is a problem.
You're not going to get electrocuted just by directly touching a 1.5V battery.
Shh, you're speaking too loudly.
Present-day Japan is going down the route to self destruction, isn't it?
We've taken a hit. Trivial damage.
Everyone, please keep to netiquette.
What should I do if I become depressed while studying abroad?
I also really had the feeling of having had a relaxed day with my family for the first time in a long while.
This sort of structure is called a double negative, but in effect it shows affirmation.
This expression has really caught my fancy, as a type of English metaphorical expression not in Japanese.
It's a typo. Sorry.
Everyone must learn on their own in the end.
For circumstantial evidence, that's plenty.
First, let us talk about the experiments conducted in laboratories.
"Take a look at this." "Eh?" "There's an impact mark on the right-hand side of the bumper."
We've destroyed the enemy flagship!
You could at least try to be a bit more polite, even though it's not like you.
Born on Feb 23, at 2730g, our family's treasure.
He chose the wrong man to pick a fight with.
Before adding a new sentence, please check that your sentence brings new vocabulary by searching the keywords.
Whenever I go to a Japanese restaurant, I take the disposable chopsticks home with me.
In which case, I was also requested to invite all of you so if you would please accompany me...
I've found something amazing!
Along the way will be fine. It's a complicated matter.
Gelatine has the property of setting as it cools.
Thank you for your business. Please come again!
I'd like to set up a sign like, "This Way ->," but what would it be if I made it in English?
If she gets some antibiotics and sleeps, she'll get better.
It's OK to think of 'five minutes' as a noun phrase, right?
I buy the texts, but first I start writing the English sentences that come along without looking at them.
About today's packed-lunch, the menus prepared by Itsuki and Tanaka are low in beta-carotene-rich vegetables again aren't they?
I switch on my laptop, start up the browser, and type in the address I've already learnt by heart.
Moreover, for your safety, we advise use of a substitute email address.
"You'll get your clothes dirty." "No worries. They weren't very clean in the first place."
A light lunch at MacD's, coffee at Starbucks, then a few drinks with shabu-shabu - that's the way it went.
Fuck you!
Language has, at the same time as being method of expressing one's thoughts, the side of being something used to think with.
There are many uses of the 'present tense' of Japanese grammar which indicate things yet to happen.
Among the people of the colonies suffering under Earth's tyranny a force emerges intending to overthrow the status quo through terrorism.
Tyrannical governments frequently gaol their political opponents.
It is even becoming accepted even in exam-English that that called "simple future tense" does not exist.
He has the capacity to be a future leader of the nation.
In the midst of the dollar falling hard against the Yen and other major Eastern currencies the Chinese Yuan, with China effectively taking a 'dollar peg' policy, has become cheap.
Let's go to eat together.
About four years ago my Achilles tendon started to hurt and I was told it was Achilles tendonitis.
Causing competitors to fail, obtaining confidential information, something that big business just can't do without - high risk but at the same time high return work.
I think you fall well within 'cute girl'. You'd easily go and pass in his judgement.
It was going to be from Saturday, but, with one thing and another, it ended up being from the new week.
When a coil is moved near to a wire with current flowing in it current flows in the coil as well.
As cultural exchange continued between the two countries, their mutual understanding became even deeper.
I serve pub food to Canadian customers.
You're having so much fun doing what you are that you can't see what's going on around you.
Things that modify nouns (adjective, or adjectival equivalent).
There are two ways of using the infinitive as an adjective, 1. attributive, 2. predicative. Naturally 2. is a subject complement.
The grammar section includes the passive voice of the present perfect.
That 'Ayumi' kid, only but has performed in movies and theatres as a child actor since she was five.
Today we will carry out an experiment about Ohm's Law.
Anastrophe, by switching around words, has the effect of emphasizing text.
If you mess-up it can't be redone, so don't mess-up!
Fudge! My stocking's run.
It's difficult to tell which is which for burnable and non-burnable rubbish as well, isn't it?
If we're going to play, make your mind up about the rules!
And so the method that works is treading down the snow to harden it, making blocks and piling them up.
That fact becomes self evident if you take a look at the relation between this theme and those leading research on it.
"What's up? Fidgeting like that" "Er, well, it looks like the elastic's gone in my pants."
You know about 'ra-skipped words'? It looks like quite a lot of students are using mistaken words.
You're really the best when, and only when, it comes to angering people.
You know this textbook is made of recycled paper.
I have trouble taking powdered medicine.
"It's pool-season from this week, isn't it?" "Oh yes. I've gotta go and buy a swimming suit, then."
"Aki's off school today?" "It seems her cold got worse."
When night fell, she watched the moon.
In the official question collection it is explained as being "passive voice of the present continuous tense".
Ah, hold a mo. My shoelace's come undone.
In my daily life I take care in various ways of my body so as not to damage my health.
To be a good child, you need to go to bed and get up early.
Carbon monoxide is a poisonous substance formed by the incomplete combustion of carbon compounds.
I wonder why tennis is played in mini-skirts.
The novel I'm writing next is set in a love hotel so I wanted to see what one actually looks like.
Karaoke, TV games, videos and a fridge ... love hotels nowadays really have everything.
"Let's head back." "Shall we drop by McDonald's?"
"You don't get on well with your father?" "..." "Sorry, that was none of my business."
"Well, there's something I'd like your advice on about my research project ..." "Let's see... Hmm, you're investigating flowering plants then."
Oh? You can type without looking at the keyboard. That's cool!
We're one baton short for the relay.
I also gave him a little something as a Christmas present the other day.
Recently there are a lot of young people who don't use respectful language to their superiors.
Recently there have been a lot of nasty incidents with fraud.
This carving knife ... it's one made by a famous swordsmith.
The flowers don't look happy. I'd like to water them. Is there a watering can?
Is it the vacuum cleaner's fault that the room is dusty?
There's gum stuck to the back of my shoe.
I wonder if you can sue someone of the same sex for sexual harassment?
Omission is a perfectly good example of an expression technique, and is brought up in many grammar books.
Investing abroad on your national currency basis will not always be profitable.
"Lemme see your painting, Manaka." "Must you? It's embarrassing!"
Isn't it a mild winter this year? Makes life easier.
I'd like to say a word of thanks to all those gentlemen and ladies whose care I have been in.
Well, shall we call it a day?
The future progressive tense is used when expressing events and action in progress at some future point, however the example sentence cannot be understood in that way.
Then, those from a year ago won't be working any more!
I couldn't help overhearing, but you're police officers who handle cyber-crime or some such?
Actually, and I need to keep this quiet, but recently here there's a rumour that young women on this beach are having photos taken in secret of them.
"Eh? Is the tangent cosine divided by sine?" "Other way round!"
Anything like a road was covered with water that had flooded out of the river.
I think that it likely that there was a major fault in the lookout.
From children to the elderly, sensible exercise has a good effect on the body.
That can't be good for your health, can it?
It takes a long time to convert.
The tiger, having had its wounds treated, was returned by the villagers to the animal sanctuary without incident.
Ah, unfortunately there is a small matter I need to attend to so I'll take my leave now.
Please, by all means, drop in when you go shopping.
The verb 'help' takes to-infinitives and bare infinitives but bare infinitives are said to be the most common in casual text; as also used in this example sentence.
I just don't understand what goes through the minds of people who troll forums.
I moved a chess piece on the board one forward.
I tilt my head. Not the pawn, but the knight?
Companions with the same aim, to carve out their own future, cooperate with each other.
The problem quoted isn't one, but there are problems in the reading section that ask you to distinguish relative pronouns from relative adverbs.
'Childhood friends' are scary.
You're students - It's only now what you can do this sort of thing.
I'm not a university student, but I'm brighter than them.
"Ow-ow-ouch" "Are you alright?"
Ah, now I remember. I used a condom; something I rarely, or rather practically never, do.
Oh, while I remember, it seems that that was a bug that occurs when you use the comment field's 'letter-spacing' tag which adjusts the tracking.
I took care to make the letters large and be generous with character and line spacing in order for it to be easy to read for the elderly and those who have problems with their sight.
I felt it was a relatively difficult jigsaw puzzle.
That's a clear case of "water off a duck's back".
"Mr Chairman, what needs moving next, again?" "Scoreboard, giant ball and the tug-of-war rope."
That man's monstrously strong.
With the subjunctive past all the 'be' verbs become 'were', OK?
It should be decided in the next day or two.
I was very happy to see you at the offline-party.
After being told, "Please, sit down," I sit in the chair.
However, the survivors are unaware of that fact.
My head is swimming, so I'll try writing any-old stuff without any deep thought.
Come to pick me up if it rains tomorrow.
I became accustomed to public speaking, so I think that's been useful when taking job interviews.
At first, I thought they were sick.
It's not as if he can't run fast.
That's because I don't suppose anybody will believe this story.
OK, stop there! That was a strong performance from the two of you.
Now Beth enters, stage right!
It's nothing to do with me, equals, I don't have to be here. So I'm getting out of here, whatever anybody says!
"How is her condition?" "She must have absolute bed rest."
I'm in transit between flights now. I've spent hours on a plane so far, after changing planes now it's another two hours.
It has become clear what murder-suspect Miura's jail lifestyle is like.
Deposed in a military coup in September and having effectively been in exile, the Former premier of Thailand Thaksin has returned after about a year and a half.
The magician Sarah. Apparently people call her "The Great Mage" or some such.
I had expected stronger resistance from the enemy but if anything there are less of them as we advance to the centre... Don't you think that's strange?
Well then, does everybody know the anime called Mai Hime?
My companions, who weren't wearing hats, apparently had their noses and cheeks turn red.
Coincidentally enough, I know him.
I don't live in Maigo now.
My husband and daughter are fast asleep.
The wind still blows hard.
Your words are supposed to correspond to your actions, but that is not easy to put into practice.
Ai sat down beside me.
I said I would make her happy.
I'm busy getting ready for tomorrow.
This house and this land are mine.
If you keep on like this, you'll probably live to reach 120!
Why can't I sing like they can?
It's not worth reading any further.
Iced tea had got on my shirt.
Obviously that's different for men and women.
1/of the world's carbon dioxide emissions are from America: its per-capita emissions are also the greatest in the world.
"Hey, when do the dorms lock up?" "o'clock" "Whoops, if we don't run we won't make it!"
So now there are at least rainbow trout in this area.
"It's still shallow, eh. My feet still touch the bottom." "It's quite a shallow beach. Yotsuba, you can still touch the bottom can't you?"
I'm a bit down because a blogger friend of mine has decided to stop blogging.
Moreover it's difficult to get rubbish out for garbage day because the collection time is too early.
Putting ideas into practice is difficult.
There's no need to be that tense.
Controlled Access Zone: No entry without permission.
He was poached by a rival company.
He edged sideways through the crowd.
The dragonfly was skimming across the water.
You can go skiing if you like, but for my part I prefer to stay at home and read a novel.
Those ladies and gentlemen who live in the suburbs of Yokohama, if it is convenient to you, please come.
How does the moon shine at night?
From the castle we could see the whole curve of the river around its base.
We decided not to have peace negotiations with the invaders.
It's getting darker outside now.
The Labor Party's vote increased at last year's election.
We received an eviction notice.
The police brawled with the demonstrators.
When you're fed up with the school cafe you can buy something at Bellfa or eat at a family restaurant.
The police seized a large quantity of drugs at the school.
This screwdriver is too small to be any use.
Mother yanked the bedclothes off Hiroshi.
Impressive isn't it. A company that's only just been established but it's already got many outlets and is in fashion.
I said, "Five months worth of the Pill, please," and was told "Certainly."
But I understand what he says.
What have you been getting up to till now?!
The rhythm is light, and the tempo fast - that song is liked by young people.
There was a time, one evening, when I stood on top of that hill.
"Would you like something to drink?" "Sorry, no thanks."
"Can I have it?" "Sorry, I drank it at the hotel!" "Thought so."
They confirmed the importance of strengthening global precautions in order to prevent devastating losses.
A friend to all is a friend to none.
However he wasn't seriously hurt and got away with light bruising.
"Er, Karin ..., shouldn't we call it a night soon?" "No! No quitting while ahead! Next time I'll win for sure!"
Today I'm shopping in town as well as running an errand for my grandmother.
If you enjoyed this, please give a click on the vote link!
What I regret now is, rather, that I wasted time.
A healthy curiosity is truly a fine thing.
"I'm going to see your father today, about career counselling." "You don't need to bother with that."
How are you finding the Quality Control department?
What's your favourite type of sushi?
It mightn't have been my youngest brother's fault, but it wasn't mine either.
At that time the snow plow was certainly our hero.
To be frank, I think this 'conspiracy theory' is nonsense.
We've nearly finished preparations. How about taking a nap?
They say the gods smite evil with thunderbolts.
Then, if so, why were the like of Kyouou let upon the throne?
A qilin with a king too has no limit on its lifespan, but this illness alone admits of no remedy.
We drew lots to decide who would go first at the early morning reception desk.
I'm expecting a baby in the new year!
The Aegis collision - why couldn't it have been avoided?
Depending on the case; sometimes it is so, sometimes not.
Bronze-ware is largely made from alloys of brass and tin.
In the blink of an eye, the tennis-ball-sized dumpling had disappeared.
I had only one aim in throwing everything away to run this restaurant.
Where've you stuck my flat-head screwdriver?!
This site is in a toplist. If you found it interesting, please click!
I wish something nice would happen.
OK! Bring it on!
"Certainly if someone is _that_ beautiful you'd draw back from approaching her." "Thought you'd agree."
"Ah, y-yes ... Sorry, Coz." "Hey! You might be my relative but here I'm your senior and a doctor. Keep things straight while you're in the hospital!"
If it's urgent I can page her ...?
You're doing good work there.
This is a two-seater sofa using stain-resistant artificial leather.
Alright! They're all mopped up!
I'm also in favour so it's three to one. And thus your objection is overruled.
He is not the sort of person who likes to listen to jazz.
If it was just a book the Space Police wouldn't be sticking their noses in. The problem is that it's a bundle of super technology.
How would you like your steak cooked?
I hear that you can burn CDs with Windows XP; could you tell me a website that explains the procedures involved?
It is sometimes acceptable to resort to violence.
It's just like rats leaving a sinking ship.
Jeez, what're you up to?
Distance per degree of longitude at equator.
To be continued next time, and thus I most humbly request your attendance then.
"Please check again." "Certainly."
"You with me?" "Yes"
There's no rush. If you would, in your own time.
However the protagonist is aware of his own mistakes.
Only Takeuchi didn't accept the invitation.
Even if it was somebody else who made her happy, as long as she is happy, that's fine.
It's completely illogical. It wasn't as if I was shouting outside while drunk.
Hasn't it been solved yet? Whose responsibility is it, the prefecture's or the country's?
We need another person to play cards.
But there's only one pair of chopsticks. What shall we do?
And so, Reiko, it's nothing for you to panic about.
Please put their name on everything they take with them.
Saturday is the pottery class I've been attending since last year.
Start, dammit!
How about wearing contact lenses?
Thanks, please come again.
I have broken off our engagement.
It certainly feels smooth when you run the shaver over your skin.
M-my goodness!? Cover-up! Cover yourself up!
Eh? Have we run out of toner? Oh well, sorry, but can you go the staff-room and get some, Katou?
Yes, that is most certainly so.
Eh? Hundreds of thousands of Yen plus betrothal gifts?
If they can get both a forged card and its PIN then all the cash in the bank account will be withdrawn.
Major Cold: It's the day of the year that the cold is most severe, but you could also say that Spring is just coming around the corner.
As shown above, it is possible to obtain ample profit and customers with truly simple know-how that anyone can do!
On the other hand, there seem to be those among young folk who, while touching on Buddhism, have started to think of it as a vital spiritual support.
Our house, our rules.
Is it true that you recover from colds when you give them to someone else?
I completely forgot the number.
Er, well, I'd like to take a vote. Would people in favour of Mr Ogawa's proposition please raise their hands.
Puffy AmiYumi is a Japanese rock band.
It's passable. Nothing out of the ordinary.
"...Hey...Hey, teacher!" "Eh? Oh." "Are you really OK? Shouldn't you cancel the lesson?"
What's different from Japan is that the doctors of Singapore generally all know each other.
"Isn't she nice? I think we'll get on just fine." "Same here."
In schools everywhere sports-wear is all spats and shorts.
"Welcome!" "Yo." "Oh, what, it's only Keita?"
That's right, isn't it?
Why do you make it open even to rivals in the same trade?
Yes. She got an introduction from her old doctor and transferred.
Understanding parts-of-speech is extremely important for getting the feel of word order.
'Verb' refers to the predicate verb. Predicate verbs change their form depending on the subject and the time expressed.
Supplementary information includes adverbs and things that function as adverbs.
We need a nut that will fit that bolt.
Oh yes, you didn't eat any in-flight meals either did you?
The mountain rescue team is on call hours a day.
That was when I started going to the pool for exercise.
I've never seen as many people as this photograph the same rainbow.
It is aptly said that illness starts from the mind.
Relative pronouns perform as 'conjunction + pronoun'.
A display, aka monitor, is an appliance that displays video signal of still images and moving pictures produced by a computer or similar device.
The sphygmomanometer is an important diagnostic instrument.
Cars that, when new, cost 3,000,yen are apparently now worth 300,000, so I think I'll use mine a little longer.
The neighbouring house was destroyed, but mine survived just a bit of cost for repair.
I asked my local member for a job, but he brushed me off.
Leaving what it means to one side, what's with the high-falutin' language?
It's much too pompous for such a trivial thing.
He always talks in such high-sounding terms.
Search me.
I'll do it for a cake.
Young Tanaka is the stupidest person in the department.
This example text is a how-to-write sample, so please add to and delete from it as required before using.
Is it true that the iTunes' MPencoder has poor sound quality?
However, the preposition+relative pronoun (which) part becomes a relative adverb (where).
May I use your ink pad?
He went red in the face with rage.
If you combine them in this way, you get a port USB hub.
Let's observe sunspots.
The sun is currently in a period of low activity but even so large sunspots occasionally appear.
A longsword sheathed in an intricately engraved scabbard.
Witch hazel tightens pores without drying skin.
Learning should not be forced. Learning should be encouraged.
Despite "No Smoking" signs, the boat operator was brazenly smoking all the time.
I'm short, so I can't see on top of the shelves and so I pretty much dust by touch.
When I try to listen to music with media player there's an error and I can't play the file.
"I rather like heights. You know, in my last life I must have been ... an aeroplane?" "Usually that would be 'bird' there."
Just because there aren't any complaints, doesn't necessarily mean your customers are content.
I'm teaching basic participial constructions now, but, with regard to those below, what different ways of translating them would everybody use?
Rio's carnival is held in February.
Samba is a Brazilian rhythm, isn't it?
Is there an English speaker here?
The development of a new business idea is no doubt the ideal that everybody wishes for.
Oooh, get a move on. We'll end up late! Come on, I'll tie your shoelaces for you.
Great Britain is a land of gentlemen and horse riding.
"I don't think she's an opponent you can ignore like that ..." "That's right, they say a cornered rat bites back, don't they?"
Kiddo! Two medium-size drafts here.
It's hot, so you'd better head back quickly. Mackerel goes off so fast that they coined 'fresh-looking rotten fish'.
Please state your opinion crisply and clearly.
The recommendation from my boss made all the difference.
Can I have a few words with you?
The cops are keeping tabs on him.
Even a rare guest wears out his welcome after three days.
The chicken feed I get for a salary is good for nothing.
This may be a silly question, but which is stronger - a tiger or a lion?
A molester is truly the enemy of women. I'll never let them get away with it.
With both mind and body in their best condition, let's look forward to the newcomers' training camp.
The LDP rode on the wave of Koizumi's popularity.
On some OS's you get gibberish for filenames with full-width characters so when downloading please change to a suitable filename.
I don't have any clothes for when I go clothes shopping.
It rains so often in the wet season that it's hard to plan outings.
I saw your name and posts in an English forum and took the liberty of reading your profile.
When speaking about your superiors' actions, you use respectful language.
'Number-withheld' calls are scary, it's best not to answer them.
Last night it was Yumi who pushed for sex.
We had a terrible time in the blizzard.
Since it's not the rainy season, there's no need for an umbrella.
I'm instinctively bad with children and infants.
How brave of you to go alone into the primaeval forest!
It is a difficult task, choosing what is "right" or "wrong", but you have to do it.
You should definitely ask him out.
'Needless to say' is often used as an idiomatic expression in the infinitive.
A female beggar was begging with five or six children following along.
In connection with this I can only reply, "it is just as you say."
"Who do you belong to?" Wrapped around his feet was a small cat. It was a fluffy grey striped cat.
For dehydration, take a lick of salt.
Then, although it was dreary up to the other day, everywhere were flowers, flowers, flowers.
The "twin tiger cubs get separated ..." story felt a bit trite.
Is that green striped shirt in the wash?
Sorry, that was none of my business.
When she was at university, Yuriko abandoned herself to sexual passion.
Jealousy made him do that.
This might not have anything to do with the problem at hand.
They should go, regardless of whether they're men or women.
The wedding ceremony will be held regardless of the weather.
Will the universe expand indefinitely?
In the Edo period, moon-viewing parties were very popular.
It's a drama where you can enjoy the delicate workings of a woman's mind.
Sometimes my dog barks in the middle of the night.
It's a magnificent view, isn't it?
"I'm just popping out on a date, OK?" "Come home by 7, Sakura!"
There's the chance to get a huge income in this business, a million yen a month is possible!
Please accept this little gift.
Sponge absorbs water so it is convenient for shading water-colours and such.
A tear ran down from that eye.
It clearly looked as if everyone was present.
It looks like rain tomorrow, but I'll try my best.
Due to this a lot of time was lost, it's possible that if it wasn't for this accident the final stage of the race would have been better.
Whatever it is, you become fonder of it if you work on it yourself.
More horseflies than I'd ever seen came and flew around me.
Be sure to simmer on a low heat so it doesn't boil.
All things considered, it's set up so it isn't possible to win.
My companions were all asleep.
Life is despair, that's what I think.
Bats are mammals, just like us.
That is because human beings are mammals.
Incidentally, that the gills of fish are bright red is because there are many 'capillary vessels' collected there, the same as for lungs.
I immediately lost my concentration.
All are fated to die. However, you can't decide how and when you die.
Just because people are corporeal born to this world doesn't mean that they understand everything about it, similarly just because somebody's died doesn't mean that they understand everything about the incorporeal world.
Add and delete buttons from the OE toolbar.
Additions and deletions are not shown immediately.
Because novels, just like paintings, need you to practice.
Could you be a little quieter, sir?
Come on! Quickly!
All things considered, and it's just my opinion but, I think that the value of a present changes depending on how much thought is put into it.
I think that for many people learning the trigonometric functions is meaningless.
His backache left him lurching along with leaden legs.
Bearing in mind the durability in washing and various factors this is what we arrived at:
Just press the button and a clear photo will be produced by the latest technology.
To take good pictures there are some knacks to learn and a little trick.
Justice is expressed through actions.
What day are you usually free?
We are aiming for an integrated development zone that combines business and industrial quarters.
Art was in its golden age in Venice during the Renaissance.
Right - clear, left - clear..., OK, all clear.
For any type of organisation, internal harmony and unity are important factors in deciding its success or failure.
One day I had a phone call from a friend. "There's a nice little earner, won't you come round?" so I went to his house.
I think overestimating the people masterminding that conspiracy is exactly what they want.
With most of the arts, if you don't get the basics down properly then it is difficult to acquire further skills.
If a very large amount of memory is installed, an 'insufficient memory' error message is displayed.
The incident occurred while Secretary of State, Powell, was visiting Japan.
This is Aya, this is Aya. Please respond.
I recommend giving it to them straight, don't waffle your way around the subject.
Using the rudder and the jib with the wind behind it we backed up, turning the bow to the direction we wanted to go.
"I'm finished for the day." "Much appreciated."
If you give up, that's the end of the match.
I regret nothing of my life.
Sound absorbing material is called acoustic material.
I've got to find the cause quickly, get out of this slump and live up to Mr. Tanizaki's expectations.
"Probably just a stupid urban legend" "But they do say 'there's no smoke without fire', don't they?"
I ran away without saying anything because I didn't want to lose our love.
I'm living on welfare, without a car or anything.
This isn't an unappealing proposition, is it?
On TV someone with a serious look on his face is talking about the problems of our country's future.
"Please move aside." "Ya wanna make something of it, sonny?"
Our P.E. kit was just shorts but now it's spats from today.
Suffixes, 1: "-ion" creates nouns that show the meaning of 'action, state, process, results,' and so on.
You can't call dogs off from a fight.
I feel I've been betrayed!
I made it so only root could access the administrative screen.
I said 'Quit it'. Can't you see Keiko hates that?
I will become God of the new world.
What programming language does everybody like?
You shouldn't be picky about other people's work, you know?
Is the name 'Shinosuke' a target for teasing?
I was given a nasty look when I asked for my prescription at the local doctor's.
Chocolate acts to prevent LDL oxidisation.
New Year shrine visit; which shrines are potent?
Take care of Mr. Tanaka for me!
Whoa, if we keep chatting, despite actually arriving early, we'll end up late!
There's no way something like that would really happen, but it seemed just right to drive the point home.
He doesn't look that way, but he's really a nasty piece of work.
I think it is certain that there is intelligent life in this universe, but the likelihood of that life coming to Earth is practically nil.
I expect it's his lousy personality that drives off the ladies.
Is there intelligent life on other planets?
Kei is startled by that question, but shakes her head as it to say that it's nothing.
H-Hey! What're you up to!!
The woman in a red dress ignored the black-clothed man and called a friend on her mobile.
I often find myself falling for jokers, regardless of their looks.
The Sistine Chapel is a vast chapel built inside the Vatican Palace in 1473.
Shall we take this outside?
Hey, you there!
The card you drew was a red, wasn't it?
What's the technical terminology for assisting someone to go to the toilet with a urine bottle?
In this line of work, if you make a grim face the customers won't come.
The car dove into the field and, after bumping along for a time, came to a halt.
Open from 10:30am to 4pm on Sat, Sun, and Mon.
The sky looks ominous. I wonder if it will rain.
I sat back in the armchair and opened the book.
I'm going to be singing a cappella at a friend's wedding ceremony.
If you don't have an accident on the snowy roads I think you should be able to get back safely.
I'd like to help, but I think I'd just get in your way.
The whole family helped harvest the wheat.
Let's suppose you happen to strike it rich at the races.
It was early spring, so there weren't many customers.
My dad's estranged. (Because my mum's hopeless).
Here we explain about creating outlines of characters and paths.
You can let it slide with a "oh?" or you can take it seriously.
Atopic dermatitis has been increasing on babies recently.
The development of applications for Android is possible from today.
This year too there are many regular concerts for amateur musicians being held.
Kaoru, yours is the best reaction so far - you win the grand prize.
Is there really any guy who has such a sad face when they mess up?
When rain's fallen and the soil is moist, it becomes easier to pull out weeds.
However, that involved a mountain of previously unconsidered problems.
In all the excitement the minute show-time passed in a flash.
Another spam article hoping for click-throughs?
Oh my, you're right, I didn't know that at all.
I was hitting the slots, and before I knew it, it's this time already.
Love isn't a game, so you can't just cherry pick the best bits!
I just bet you were thinking something perverse just now.
Suppose there's some jerk you just can't get on with.
Doesn't it irritate you to see couples making out around town?
Because an average person doesn't need 3D, or high whatchacallit speeds.
I'm aghast at the lack of manners, common sense and so on and so forth on the net.
Let's take advantage of the 'exemption' controversy to reconsider the way we work.
This problem is the clash of the idol's and obsessive fan's egos.
Women want to have sex too.
I was relieved that there are people more wanton than me.
I wonder if he enjoyed the last match.
Super technology weapons from the ancients always end up out of control.
An office building, with stories above ground and below, is under construction.
Equestrian is the only mixed-gender Olympic event.
"I'm back." "Welcome home."
Of course, a license is needed to operate a crane.
There's the perk of letting you join communities for paying members.
I was able to obtain a personally signed ball.
It's impressive that he's popular with just a bit part!
I lost my father to a subarachnoid haemorrhage when I was fourteen.
The components obtained by distillation of coal tar are as shown below.
The mirror on a compact I got from a friend has cracked.
There are many smart designs among the compact models, aren't there?
Unfortunately, the results yesterday were as you see.
Psycho-horror films dealing with the mysteries of human psychology are popular these days.
Why God allows these sorts of actions by Satan is explained in the Book of Job in the Bible.
The lock itself is a normal cylinder lock so it doesn't automatically lock when you shut the door.
I think that, as he's using addictive substances like thinner, the chance of rehabilitation is low.
I've found a way of jumping so you can get 202m in the ski-jump!
Horses used to pull road-rollers, but the steamroller arrived with the invention of the steam engine.
Shoes ... many courses ban shoes with spikes, so take care.
"Might you happen to be Mr. Ogawa?" "Well, yes ... can I help you?"
I'm so drunk now that I'm seeing two keyboards.
Can S. Jobs bring back the magic to Disney?
I considered doing something like blocking edits based on a blacklist.
Since 9.large scale acts of terrorism have occurred all over the world.
America's radioactive waste may be targeted in terrorist attacks.
She's got a Turkish boyfriend.
Once things start going this way, in the end they'll all be much of a muchness.
That's because there weren't any large carnivores in New Guinea.
The Mexican government announced the banning of all imports of second-hand cars, except for models.
You can't be too vigilant.
In addition to PCs, it can be used with cell phones.
Noise is produced by the sudden flow of current into a solenoid.
Do you think real neurotics really go and call themselves such?
Nordic Combined is held as a combination of two events, ski-jump and cross-country ski.
Don't think about leaving money for your kids, use it all up and enjoy yourself with flair.
Just as we were leaving the exam room the doctor waved his hand saying, 'bye-bye'.
For rock it's hard to know on what basis you should call something 'hi-fi'.
"I couldn't eat it", she said apologetically.
If you have any opinions concerning traffic calming devices (humps, curb extensions, etc.) please write them.
Yesterday I stumbled across a copy of my father's family register.
We call these slabs of the solid-rock layer 'plates'.
Set up paper cups in the cupcake baking tray.
For some reason the message text was corrupted, so I restored it before reading.
At that time, NATO bombed the bases of the Bosnian Serbs.
Why are, depending on the company, blue-collar workers better paid than white-collar ones?
Why do Muslims place such importance on burial?
People who want to put out an ezine on education, come this way!
Even toddlers can do it, so I'd like you to enjoy yourselves as a family.
It is certain that one important criterion for employment is having 'leadership'.
I find myself being enthralled by her reaction each time I replay it.
There was bad blood between the two families in "Romeo and Juliet".
Hemingway had a poor writing style.
He is a keen Stephen King fan.
A firewall will guarantee Internet security.
Hello, this is Dr Yamada's surgery.
The surgery, performed at our clinic, is over in half an hour.
The whole world needs to tackle the problem of climate change together.
OK!! Bro!! I don't want to hear any more!
Being knowledgeable about Japanese culture is a good thing.
Freud developed the love-hate relationship between parents and child as the Oedipus complex.
However, the die had already been cast.
The hearing acuity of dogs is superior by far to that of humans.
I'm allowing all attacks except on vital organs.
The shoulder joints, as well as moving on their own, also move in conjunction with arm movements.
The submarine's periscope was sticking right out of the water.
Is it true that men have oilier skin than women?
Free estimate for Spanish translations (Jp to S and S to Jp).
So they sought a place such that the conference seating would have them facing the Americans.
Haven't Bach-playing pianists become less common of late?
I have been asked by a reader about free and direct translations.
It was a dark night, with no moon.
The key to raising every soldier into a great warrior is in strengthening training.
He has a plan to ambush him.
He sent about 2.billion spam emails over a period of around one and a half years.
Convulsions can occur when they run a fever.
Are there to be hidden characters as well? We ask the developers.
The feathered balls you hit with a battledore are the seeds of a large tree called 'soapberry'.
Here I decide, without hesitating, to take the alternative route.
After all, even salesmen are desperate to avoid being targeted for downsizing.
Concerning the characteristics of respiratory function in swimmers.
Mrs. Bruce was the first female pilot to fly between England and Japan.
Is snoring less likely if you sleep on your side?
Why is it that only England succeeded in abridging the King's power?
At that instant it exploded with a great noise.
I've heard of pseudomyopia, but I never thought my own child would come to have it.
Please don't do anything that would besmirch the Matsuno family name!
The output of E->J translation software can be improved greatly by the way the user utilises it.
We created a freely available English-Japanese bilingual corpus.
I've never studied scientific philosophy, so I haven't read about Caveilles either.
Are we humans alone in this infinite universe?
Recently, what with this and that, I haven't been able to sing so today I sang like there's no tomorrow!
The lion bared its teeth even further.
Nursing insurance covers drawing up the care plan and other work supporting home nursing.
Do introverts not live as long as extroverts?
For external use only, do not ingest.
Why was the Japan Defense Agency upgraded to the Japanese Ministry of Defense?
Father's bankruptcy was a blot on the family's reputation.
It was the third year of Meiji when their family name was changed to Saga.
Harry's really slow to catch on.
Shall we go for a leather-covered sofa? A cloth-covered sofa?
I'm concerned about my wife's hacking cough.
I give the cows hay, and midday's work is over.
I was almost deceived by a certain trader's sweet words into making a huge loss.
Images taken by the JAXA Earth observation satellite, 'Daichi'.
What Jansky had observed was the 14.6m wavelength radio wave from the Milky Way's core.
The eye socket is the bone receptacle in which the eye fits.
When you swallow a dangerous substance, what you need to do depends on what you swallowed.
He can't cope with difficult situations.
It is feared that those citizens now present will run away.
It seems he spent many a night unable to sleep.
Vaporise the solvent from the liquid. What's left is the perfume component and a lump of vegetable wax.
It's OK if Yukiko can do the Tuesday, Thursday and Friday shifts from tomorrow.
These solvents, due to their volatility, evaporate into the atmosphere when used.
However, these solvents were identified as carcinogenic.
I hate strong-minded women.
Sorry, he's over excited now, so let's leave it.
In severe cases, cracks can form or it can snap apart.
Also cracks may form in buildings that aren't Earthquake proof.
What do you do when you get writer's block while writing a script?
I was invited last week as well, but it was late so I regretfully turned them down.
I've heard that if you default on the water rates your water supply will be suspended, is that true?
I'd like to get a bank loan; how do I go about that?
True bravery is quite another thing from bravado.
By the by, this ability to will fire into existence is apparently called pyrokinesis.
Tajima ... can't you talk a little bit more genteelly?
In my workplace is a woman who's very strong willed, on the face of it.
In times like this, there's nothing like a hair of the dog.
The suicide bomber fired towards former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto, but missed.
Precognition is the act of using spiritual-power to know things that will occur in the future.
Please tell me how to use laundry starch to starch things.
However, if you're going to read people's blogs in order to write an interesting blog, you can do that right away.
Keiko buried her head in the pillow and cried.
About eighty thousand spectators packed into the stadium last night.
It would only take or yen coins, so I search for change but don't find any.
4. Heat the sesame oil in the wok and melt the butter.
Don't fall behind other companies!
It is very important to decide what to do about the slope of the roof.
2. Draw a boomerang shape on the card with a pen. Cut out the boomerang you've drawn.
He listened to my pitch, so he must be interested.
D-drat! I didn't mean to let that slip..
A-hahaha, you really are bad at keeping secrets.
I clutched her to my chest, and kissed her on her forehead.
Seeing the briskly working toy consultants also left a strong impression.
Being too busy with work is a problem, but then so is having too much free time.
At this rate, the risk is high that our country's competitive position will drop even further.
2002: President Bush signs the Homeland Security Act and it becomes an official Cabinet agency.
If rain was enough to get phone-lines crossed then Japan would be in a right mess, wouldn't it?
You can adjust the seat height by moving the adjustment lever up.
Obstetricians also bear a high risk of suits.
Obstetric care in crisis as the number of obstetricians continues to fall.
I don't know how to use an art file (.art).
Endometritis is a disease where bacteria enter the uterus and cause inflammation of the inner membrane.
"It's cold! I hate it!" Yoshiki complains with teary face.
Changes of leadership have a great effect on the international political economy.
I have fibroid tumours. Is there a way to stop them getting large?
Are you more likely to get worse ovulation pains if you have a tipped uterus?
If you leave them lying on the desk they may roll off, so stand them in the test-tube rack.
This game is a work of fiction.
There is no relation between characters appearing, organisations and places to those that really exist.
I'm worried because the dentist I went to recently told me, "You've got periodontitis alright".
Recently my haemorrhoids, which I've had from before, are painful.
Secondly, the literacy rate in Europe of that time was low.
The black angel spread those jet-black wings wide and flew up into the sky.
Just getting one-to-one guidance was enough to make it an extremely fulfilling practise session.
You'll have it in June? 'June bride' has a nice ring, doesn't it?
4. Just before bringing it to the boil, set to a low flame and remove the scum again.
As far as knowing health's worth once you've lost it goes, that's the same thing with parents, water or air.
I greatly recommend reading it to anybody thinking of learning a craft.
Quasars are brilliantly shining heavenly bodies that are extremely far away.
In Japan, only women are entitled to take the national obstetrics exam.
I'm one too, and I'm sure there are lots of night-owls in the IT world.
Dole out your wisdom a little at a time.
According to informed sources, ____ Ltd. is preparing for the move up to the first section of the Tokyo Stock exchange.
Save energy by abolishing the convenience stores' 24-hour-a-day trading!
With your ability it should be a doddle, but please don't be prideful of that but first apply yourself dilligently with everyone in your class.
The refugees were living in a narrow, squalid backstreet.
The rise and fall of prices caused a financial crisis.
Mum, a mere woman surrounded by men, works in a construction company as a site foreman.
Keiichi, the tempura's done, so bring a plate.
You think someone coarser than you is "crude", and someone higher class than you to be "putting on airs".
Men love amorous women.
For my part, having you lot with me is more reassuring than the police or anything!
Oh my, leaving the table in the middle of meal is bad manners, you know.
Wherever you are, we'll provide a comfortable work environment.
He resolutely pushed forward from the start, overwhelming and pushing out his off-balance opponent.
Of those or were pushed out of the nest, and then fell down from the balcony as well.
In Singapore, practically right on the equator, the rainy and dry seasons aren't very clear cut.
The student submitted a paper to an English-language journal, and the result was "conditional acceptance".
I tumbled on the truth by the merest accident, when I'd pretty nearly chucked the whole job.
All that time the things granddad had said, like the sound of flies flying round a melon, buzzed in my head.
Forty percent of the workforce are white-collar workers, most of whom have some of the most tedious and idiotic jobs ever concocted.
She pulled herself out of the water and waddled along the sand at the edge of the creek.
Leadership by coercion would not produce the results we see.
Certainly there are downsides to leadership by coercion and force.
There had never been any ill-feeling between them until that night.
It's quite possible that there are times I am half awake, and thus the day feels shorter.
A desk stood in the centre, with a red leather swivel-chair.
I expected more classical features, but hers is a beauty that would do well even in this age.
Please send reports of mistypings and mistranslations to the email address below.
At first we used to go separately, but one day we started going and returning together.
1. Finely chop the chicken breast meat.
Apparently "the iPhone sounds the death knell for the Internet."
5. When the reaction is over, place the test-tube on a damp cloth.
The company is running so well, it's unnerving.
The noonday sun beat down with dazzling brightness on the tennis court.
There's another reason, isn't there? Well, how did I do? I bet I hit the mark.
Click the picture to go to the next page!
For a start, I visited Jerusalem - a sacred place for three major religions.
This service is temporarily out of order.
We are currently working to restore normal service as soon as possible.
Only in novels do you find individuals who live out their whole life with unvarying character.
Papa had a classical education.
Even before Reagan and the Supreme Court stifled it, OSHA was a farce.
What a waste of your lawyer qualifications!
The plural form of "louse" is "lice".
But that's only natural because you don't know their ways yet.
When the breaker tripped and it became pitch black, the baby got scared and started crying.
How about consulting a doctor and getting sedatives prescribed?
Bluewas founded as Air Botnia in 1988.
"Clean up in front of the shop first." "OK!" "Sprinkle some water out there too."
To work all night, or not.
His head had been shattered by a savage blow from some heavy weapon.
Closer examination revealed that the skull had been crushed by some heavy blow.
American consumer group identifies RealPlayer as 'badware'.
The cherry blossoms flutter down whenever the wind blows.
Having failed my mock examinations any number of times, when I actually tried taking it the result was nothing I'd imagined.
Try a minute mock examination, and know just how good you really are.
Somehow I just don't feel like hurrying. I have enough time.
Why is it you can write a letter in English this well, but can't speak in it?
I tried thinking about why it was that I didn't trust him.
Please don't let him know the real name of his illness.
Mr Takagi, who's lived here years, was also surprised.
Did you catch the train?!
We sometimes combine going for a drive with eating the ramen we love so.
I'm Japanese, but I don't live in Japan.
Why didn't you get here sooner?
I was overjoyed when I was able to make friends with her!
But, unfortunately, the game was called off due to rain.
The books in this room aren't mine.
Well, it's time for your decapitation. Don't you have any last words to say?
When it is seen to have risen too far, the central banks of major countries cooperate to intervene.
Why do yields increase with herbicide-resistant varieties?
Fighting with monsters all over the world ... I just can't wait.
I note down absolutely everything, but they're no good to me afterwards.
The front wheel plays an important role in two-wheeled vehicles moving without falling over.
Every evening after school we met in his back garden and arranged Indian battles.
Because of my recklessness, I have been playing a losing game since childhood.
Kamui no Ken was a sort of samurai/ninja story set during the transition of the fall of the Tokugawa Shogunate and the re-establishment of Japan under the Emperor Meiji in 1868.
My own house was an eyesore, but it was a small eyesore, and it had been overlooked.
We were all pleased to be so cheaply quit of him.
They had lit a fire fit to roast an ox.
Obviously there are many variations between these two extremes.
Take counsel with a man who is wise and of a good conscience.
Nevertheless, devout conversation on spiritual things helps no little with spiritual progress.
The scientific truth of evolution is so overwhelmingly established, that it is virtually impossible to refute.
What should you feed killifish that have just hatched from their eggs?
That's just how cunning North Korea (and China) is.
It is important to think over what you will do, to pursue your studies economically, and effectively.
It is only recently that crude oil has come to be used to make chemical products.
So, was there a time when you were a wizard, too?
Right now I'm training in preparation for the day we set off.
"Oh, right, you're a werewolf, aren't you?" "I'm mixed blood, so I don't transform or anything."
Among the critics are those who think that the objective set for the European Central Bank is not appropriate.
It's a waste to just have the central banks watching over commodity prices.
Many Japanese irises were flowering prettily on the lake's edge.
This time, the same as always, I crammed at the last minute.
It is important to maintain your body temperature at a suitable level.
I thought it would be boorish to challenge his identity without warning.
There's a saying, "once in a life-time event," and that's just what this is.
The down of chicks that have just hatched is damp, but after two hours it dries out and becomes fluffy.
I think those who like the actors in the play won't lose anything by buying it.
In any case, just being wanted by the police isn't enough to make you "a criminal."
With cases of death forming over 20% of the whole, the grave reality of overwork-deaths has been thrown into relief.
prototype.js - inserts update information into the page when the page is loaded.
In Japan's health care system was the best in the world, but since clinical internship was introduced in it has clearly deteriorated.
"What is it?" "Well, you see, I wanted the shrubs pruned."
This is international common sense, the great principle of resource management.
When warm, light, air crosses mountains it rises into the upper atmosphere and does not fall back to the ground. In this, and other, ways wind changes with the terrain.
Will everyone please stick with it to the last moment.
You throw a good ball nowadays, Keiichi.
In most cases, we can deliver within three business days.
If you have the money, then you may use it with other treatments, but the results from hypnotism alone should be plenty.
Japanese cultured pearls have come to monopolise as much as 60% of the world pearl market.
For delayed flights, seasonal adjustments are made on the basis of the original flight date and so refunds of air-mile difference will not be made.
For that reason the outcome of the primary nursing care requirement authorization has to relate to the amount of nursing care required.
Researchers Identify New Receptor Complex in Brain
Now that you mention it, I remember he was a dashing man. I wonder how he's doing?
I feel lethargic when I diet, what should I do?
When you start taking medicine it begins working on symptoms, like pain, right away, but that doesn't mean that the ulcer heals right away.
The meaning of the 'dollar peg' is "stick with the strong countries."
Researchers announce method of circumventing Windows Vista security features.
An analysis of the nature of the heat island phenomenon and countermeasures.
Grandmother's ashes are in an urn at the temple.
The water temperature's still low so you're not going to swim, are you?
This blog covers topics that centre on information infrastructure.
Into this broad category fall companies that run money lending and insurance businesses.
Also many incidents of robbery by threats and violence are occurring.
There is oil in hair in its natural state.
There's also the danger of unexploded bombs, so they reported it to the police and the area was taped off to keep people out.
Shiroonitake is a poisonous mushroom but it has real presence, and I like it.
Female hormone imbalance is a major cause of infertility.
Today's trivia corner! Today it's about the origin of Calpis.
What should I do to arouse desire in the man I'm interested in?
If you're going to apologise, sooner is better.
What a crank he is!
If you frequently spit-up blood you should call an ambulance or have a nearby physician make a house call.
The reformed Labour Standards Act will be in force from Jan 1st 2004.
Well, I don't think Sara is the sort of girl to bear grudges.
In any case, now I'm considering trying out some likely things.
Do you hate misshapen vegetables?
Thus money in circulation drops, and price escalation quietens down.
No baseball player has been as deified as this man.
For that reason it's always held in a fresh atmosphere, and this time too it was a fulfilling day.
I can tell that you're a daughter who cares much for your parents.
I want to disappear somewhere! I tend to feel like that in sultry summers.
The temporary workers that we managed to employ left work right away.
The cockerel's splendid red cockscomb is thought to play a part in determining gender and breed.
MPEC-AVC recording practical test: It was always easy to use, now the picture and sound quality is high too.
Is there some way to check for ovulation?
Moreover, when viewed from the side, the front teeth are protruding.
This is a horror staple - young men and women spend a night of terror in an isolated house.
There are frequent instances of malicious door-to-door selling, such as pushing water purifiers on people after carrying out water quality tests without permission.
There's also a great deal of so called behind-the-scenes work.
Good doctors explain things to patients in easily understandable ways, using anatomical models and such.
"The Nightingale Samurai" is a samurai tale full of humanity and humour.
First, try to confirm the timing by oscilloscope.
When the counter value reaches the assigned 'lucky-number' it displays a congratulatory message.
This year again I found a number of dodgy goods so I'll introduce them all here.
Can we say "No" to America?
"Risk money" refers to funds placed in investments that seek high-return, although high-risk, investments.
"Pet loss" refers to the reactions of shock and anger that occur in owners who have been bereaved of their pets.
Do you all place great importance on morals?
Tektronix's new software perfectly responds to the needs of customers using logic analysers.
However, it seems that just because it's a 'low risk day' doesn't mean that you won't get pregnant from intravaginal ejaculation.
This is a code lock type that you can use on the entranceway as well.
There are various types of wines and the way they are matured varies accordingly.
I tried to take care with the shadows, but it just doesn't go very well.
It is a two level style round burial mound, 23m diameter (lower level), 18m (higher).
The checked player must find a way for the king to escape and block the check.
Furthermore, even after the company information session, we sometimes hold company tours.
It often happens that young shogi players become a little self-important, but I don't think that's something limited to the shogi world.
What you need to take part in business management is the team spirit to work with many colleagues.
The couple who came on a shrine visit, Kouji Oonishi (40) and his wife Yukie (34) said, "We prayed that our child would grow up healthily."
Then, when you're making CG, how should you use light sources?
When one goes to the notary public's office, the following are required.
In dog ethology the leader is called 'alpha'; after that it continues with 'beta' and 'gamma'.
There Akai joins them and it becomes a free-for-all in front of the finish line.
The road across the mountain was narrow, and what's more, it was a steep slope.
Avian medicine - diagnosis and treatment of illnesses.
Please exercise every caution against cowboy salesmen of water purifiers and fraudulent-test sales.
Detailed design is the work of drawing up a diagram that is capable of being manufactured from the plan set in the baseline design.
We recommend that mains water have a water-quality test carried out once a year, well water twice a year.
Hrmmm, to judge from their looks they might be from Shanghai.
I know companies are looking for work carried out flawlessly.
Thank you for looking at my poor scribblings.
Boston Dynamic's robot, RHex, is an amazing piece of work that can run over various terrains.
The point of true mutual understanding has not yet been reached between Japan and China.
The articles of incorporation have finally been completed for our Digital Groove Club.
I'm afraid of discord arising with my husband so I'm turning a blind eye to his mistress.
Robert Hansen was arrested on suspicion of having sold off secret information to the former Soviet Union.
You used a condom for birth control, right?
A protagonist as plain and ordinary as him is rare indeed.
For that reason, temporary workers are working under inferior conditions.
Many tales of alchemy show up in "Journey to the West".
They rarely spoke of the labour problem at their workplace.
How long does it take to get reasonably skilled?
Is she an innocent, or is she just shameless?
2ch, where there are many posts praising specific companies, or, conversely, denigrating their rivals.
Let's get what we need to keep a parrot.
The sensitivity certainly drops if I use a condom, so if possible I'd like to do it bareback.
I also think 'living hell' is putting it too strongly.
He adopted a war orphan and is bringing her up as a foster daughter.
God is the creator. Heaven and Earth and people and everything apart from God are created.
He, being slow-footed, was of course already lagging two meters.
That octopus returned to the sea without being eaten.
That is enough. I have had it with fruitless conversation.
I'd rather not have those written by people who only know their work imperfectly.
"I fell asleep?" "Totally." "Really?" "You were very restless, did you have a scary dream?"
Have I answered your question?
The person who opened the door and came in was an utter stranger.
I also, same as you, don't trust Yahoo Auction ratings.
Keiko isn't as tall as I.
I used to smoke. I was quite a heavy smoker.
I trust that China will go on to take a more active part.
When investigating the pH (acidic, neutral, alkaline) of a liquid, don't soak the litmus paper completely in the liquid but just put the end of the paper in it.
Since primary school we've been checking for the qualities known as acidity and alkalinity with litmus paper.
This skull and crossbones was named based on the world-famous Captain Kidd who was active in late 17th century Britain.
When I looked in a gardening book I was surprised by how many were marked poisonous.
The following verbs only take the to-infinitive as their object.
I've sometimes taken time off work to watch the Super Bowl.
Most of the Melanesians living in Papua New Guinea have very curly hair, don't they?
We offer low-cost prefabricated houses.
The musical instruments and parts are completely professional quality! And yet the prices are lower than anywhere!
The rate of increase in households is higher for apartment houses than for individual houses.
Among the Internet sites that publish information on education related businesses are those given below.
A dead deer being pecked by vultures, remains partly eaten by other animals, that sort of rotten meat is called 'carrion'.
In order to isolate him from bacteria, and such, he is not allowed visitors.
There's no demand for them as tools, so the product line-up is poor.
Powders of aluminium, magnesium, silicon, etc. explode.
The following is thought to be one of the reasons stress damages the stomach's mucous membrane.
The brain waves during REM sleep are the same as when awake, and it's the stage when you have dreams.
I'm told "idiot" is a bad word, but where I grew up it doesn't really feel that bad.
"For how many?" "Three."
Shall we go sightseeing around town?
Cut the quartered pak-choi into, slightly wide, strips.
I don't lose my appetite when I get stressed, rather I can't calm down unless I eat something.
I've also built up a lot of stress from the change in job and work-place.
Miscarriage is a heart-breaking experience.
It's the prevention of migraines during daily life that's important, not dealing with migraines when they occur.
Depending on the results both companies may be put under administrative guidance from February.
For a display where the data items increase and decrease I think you are best making use of a spreadsheet program, not Access.
Please explain the grammar of 'as may be'.
It covers everything from the fundamentals of microbiology to the latest news.
Women - why do they want to go to toilet in groups? I don't get it at all.
Although astrology has no scientific basis, it's very popular and it seems that many people believe in it.
Those good-for-nothing layabouts were sacked.
Basically I like short poems. Among them this poem was my favourite.
There was no damage to the office, or workers, and we're in business as usual.
I think there are probably few Japanese who know this side of the Emperor Meiji, the side that left a song like this.
In Japan solar heat is used more for solar water heaters than for electricity generation.
It seems as it was a shot-gun wedding so they're having a quiet wedding with only family and a couple of friends from university invited.
Disk herniation is when cartilage, called 'intervertebral disk' and found between each vertebra, slips out.
My water broke on the evening of the predicted birth date.
This time I hadn't converted my money yet, so I needed to change Yen into Yuan.
Please don't worry about the finer details of free vs mis-translation.
Me? I can't even begin to draw buffalo, deer and horses so you can tell them apart.
Now that I think of it, I've been asked to look at a haiku he'd written by the tipsy bloke sitting next to me on the train.
Put the lid on and start at high flame, when it boils set to medium flame and boil for about seven minutes.
Normally you'd call yards a great distance for an amateur.
Contact lenses are more able to correct strong astigmatism.
My fifth-year junior school son has transferred into a school in Nagoya from Shizuoka.
I polished for all I was worth. The trouble is that my stock of low-grade gems was surprisingly low.
It gets cold in the mornings and evenings, so I want to take care how I dress.
By the way, I plan to do that for this story's sequel.
Thinking about those sorts of things, I watched "Duck Soup" again.
I have a facial boil. There's a painful lump at the back of one nostril.
Between E->J translations and J->E, it appears that more people want English-Japanese translations.
I was lonely, with nobody to play with.
If long-term beds are reduced, then it won't be possible to do that and normal sickbeds will also be adversely affected.
And how will you take responsibility in the case that this bill doesn't pass?
If you're doing it in fun, I'd rather you didn't come.
Is he the man painted by the newspapers as an up-and-coming scholar?
I'm looking for a school where I can paint portraits.
Near the west side of the park there's a lot of noise from the road, but when you go into the park you can't hear it any more.
Institutionally, a major restraint is the copyright problem.
The grammatical form employed here is the present progressive.
"Software development" isn't "manufacture".
An infinitive without a 'to' attached is called a bare infinitive.
It also has a strong flavour, and adds depth to Chinese food such as soups and stir-fries.
Until Manet painted this picture, his female nudes were limited to goddesses.
Like the saying that things are seen clearest from outside I wish he'd leave the association for a time and take a look at Japanese soccer.
People are cool when they're gutsy, doesn't matter if they're men or women.
That's right, that strange sound was the final death scream of the cooling fan.
2. Sew together the shoulder of the garment body.
A faultless plan is stifling, isn't it.
Today is a non-burnable rubbish day.
That's just standard practise, it's not like they're cutting corners.
If you throw something like that down, if someone's unlucky enough to be hit they'll be injured.
With that as a start many European poems and much literature came to be introduced.
The bloated profits of farmers at the time were something again.
In the OECD survey, northern European countries are keeping their high ranking in tax-rates.
Recently I get leg cramps when I sleep.
Can you return starling chicks to their parents?
Therefore we had to help each other and in that way the bonds between me and my sister were strong.
The basis of this system is that the students must take turns in teaching, they have to help each other.
Machida is an interesting city that's a mix of the old and the new.
The weak point of this book is that it's less than persuasive when the married author recommends not being married.
I'll kill you! Knock your block off and grind you underfoot! You shithead! Die!
In the end the bill was forced into being withdrawn.
His voice was drowned out by the wraith's sudden howl.
I've ended up in my present state from having indulged myself.
No consideration is paid to people who are sensitive to chemicals.
I don't know if he has any special powers or not, but he's probably stronger than a normal human.
The professor who invented it has the right to reasonable remuneration from the university.
For my tastes, I'd prefer plainer, or rather, more tasteful clothing.
I agree on an emotional level, but on the pragmatic level I disagree.
It was April when a school was built on the site of the theatre.
This is centrifugal force; Newton viewed it as absolute motion.
Week 13: Learn about absolute, and relative, motion.
It's being manipulated by investors trying to make it rich.
In Japan the ring shaped ones came into use first so they're also often called "contraceptive rings".
"Gang Wives" is a Yakuza movie released in by Toei Distribution Network.
I myself have, before becoming employed by this company, twice spoken bluntly to the people at the top.
I held a wedding ceremony last month.
I got what she was saying.
However the disciples awoke to that danger.
Please don't draw the curtains when the window is open.
People who don't have a computer can't make full use of this MPplayer function.
The daughter was irritated with her mother, who always broke her promises.
Ken, who is a graduate student, went to the United States last year.
Mummy, that man just fell flat on his face!
Is it any of your business what someone's hobby is?
The siren sounded an emergency.
However men, seeking the contents of that safe, kidnap Hana. And those men were really detectives.
The man I thought was the criminal didn't have any connection to the incident.
There's a lot of greenery in Tokyo Midtown!
It has become common practise to employ foreigners working abroad from Asian countries as maids.
This is a highly recommended restaurant.
My boss took me to task for the poor quality of my work.
The pauper was begging for a living.
Once you enter a company, you have to work for the company, whether you want to or not.
She's a plain speaker.
This is my brother. Handsome, isn't he?
That was when I was in the first year at high school, so years have passed since then.
I felt very light on my feet afterwards.
Thank you for reading to the end.
Mum said the same thing. But, so what? It's got nothing to do with me.
A-ha-ha-ha! What a blunder!
It's only the anti-war pinkos who say things like Saddam isn't a threat.
Pac-Man, when a certain condition is reached, can counter attack and eat the monsters chasing him.
We three sisters opened a coffee shop.
The president urged employees to act on their initiative.
The yakuza were tormenting Hiroshi.
I thought I could settle it by phone.
The spirit of the treaty was ignored.
The museum's eastern gallery was closed for cleaning.
He's a plain speaker.
Smiling cheerfully, the two began to walk off into their brilliant future.
The downclimb here is also dangerous as there are no handholds.
I suppose that depends on how good you are. I'm counting on you!
I'd like to hear about black magic. I was only told the highlights in the academy, and it interests me.
The contents of the four registers are preserved by the called subroutine.
I've finally got the knack of kendo.
First, in order to get a feel for your favourite author's work, transcribe and copy in full.
It bears fruit, but it seems it may even set root from cuttings?
"Say, you, the lady over there." "Eh?" "Could you give me a bit of advice?"
He's doing in-depth research on ancient history.
As one grows old, one becomes a light sleeper.
Finally dawn broke; the long night had ended.
Good points: The pleasure of disposing of enemies with a variety of combos.
He easily licked his opponent.
If you taste this sauce you'll find it a bit salty.
It's nice to sip and savour drinks other than beer as well from time to time.
I cook, but I'm really crap at it.
The car wouldn't start.
This encyclopaedia is convenient for looking up things.
The bearer of this letter is my friend Suzuki.
It's OK to leave the baby to cry on occasion.
Is it wrong to leave my baby crying?
Are there any knacks, or good sites, for downloading Japanese software?
Which country are you from?
"Dad, this a real sword?" "Of course, it is a duel after all."
The name Cleopatra has become a byword for a beautiful woman.
Hold them there! Don't let them into the city!
What do you think you're doing letting the loyalists into the castle?
How thoughtful of you to have chilled some wine for us.
Watch out! A police spy is snooping around.
Traffic was also disrupted including the suspension of the Akita, Tohoku bullet train.
I expect you've chanted "kuwabara kuwabara" after a lightning flash, or have seen somebody do so.
Mama! That lady and man are holding hands, they're great friends aren't they!
There were many journalists who praised Ogawa with, "bravo, good show!"
This has visual impairment as a side effect.
My daughter's slowness to take action is a pain.
One of the early noticeable symptoms is trouble with urination, but often there are no clear symptoms.
Expressions and smiles change like that just from applying rouge and lipstick.
We really get on and often go to each other's place.
You really put that much in the sandwich?
He said with a perplexed expression, "I've heard nothing, so I can't say anything."
"Might be a bit stiff..." "Stiff?" "I mean the viscosity is too high."
He grinned broadly at us.
"Your order?" "Orange juice." "With ice?" "Yes." "Thanks for your business."
On the Xbox the very first thing he said was "good hardware."
For example, if a chain-smoking teacher cautions a pupil for smoking, that warning is self-contradictory.
When you wear camo shorts, what colour t-shirt goes with that?
The Mozilla Foundation released the latest version of its email/news-client software, "Thunderbird 2.0.0.14" on May 1st.
I use Outlook's scheduler at work and I think I'd like to buy a PDA and synchronize them.
What is it that satisfies your aesthetic sense?
Decision to disallow Medicaid for second cochlea implant withdrawn.
An insulated soft-wood room and a good heater are the absolute necessities for a sauna.
In woodworking, we classify wood as hardwood, softwood or exotic wood.
Hayakawa, the midterm results are out. You're top again!
"Want to drop round my place?" "Can I?" "My parents come home late as they both work."
"So, you'll go out with me if I don't have to repeat a year?" "I don't care for 'what if' stories."
I made sure that children who'd forgotten their red pencil came to borrow one.
My shoelaces came undone.
Wooden buildings catch fire easily.
He held the trophy up high.
He was wearing a threadbare suit.
He took pity on me and helped me out.
She was in a piteous state.
Non-members pay an additional dollars.
I've thought about it, and what we're doing is just not right, so let's break up after today.
I've finally got some vacation coming as of the end of this week.
At the same time, the clerk Natsue Arimura told Gokijo of his intent to resign after this month.
Solve the mystery lurking behind the murder!
Frankly speaking, this 'on board' means "doesn't have a graphics card".
I like to have a deep conversation with a more academic person from time to time.
If there's a good way to sound out whether a woman has a boyfriend or not please tell me.
He wasn't just humouring me. Those were the eyes of someone who really understood my feelings and sympathised.
Khabarovsk is among the largest cities of the Russian Far East.
When did the Japanese start eating polished rice?
The total solar eclipse can be observed next year on June 22nd.
When participants were sought at the end of June all, about 500, seats were reserved in under a week.
I want to work from the taxpayers' point of view.
That's certainly one possibility.
It should be noted that the duty continues after a notice of allowance is mailed and the issue fee is paid.
How much of winning an election is down to looks?
I want to run a Windows game.
"What are you thinking about?" "Nothin'..."
Maria Callas was a famous opera singer.
There was a row of about stalls at the fair.
As a result, we play ball inside on rainy days.
I broke the one I've been using till now this morning while playing with a ball in the room.
I spent three years looking for a good director, but couldn't find one.
Looking outside, I noticed that it was starting to rain.
Sorry, "my hands shuddered with the cold" was a bit over the top.
Apparently an old friend of mine is going to a university in Osaka in Spring.
Why are '0.3' pencil leads so expensive?
This is my little sister Sakiko. She was born the same year as me and is now studying for her exams.
The "People's Choice" award, by public polling, was announced again this year and Mel Gibson and Julia Roberts were selected as the most popular male, and female, film actors.
The government put the question to the people in a referendum.
This newspaper is free.
He risked his life to carry out his duty and inspired police officers everywhere.
Why have you kept such an excellent wine back till now?
I recommend putting up your hair so your fringe doesn't get on your forehead.
I also prefer it with the hair worn up.
"From the North Country" is a TV drama produced by Fuji TV and set in Furano in Hokkaido.
I can't look after my parents and such either.
Don't kill off bystanders!
You see I've resolved to follow you wherever you go.
This airport doesn't have as many flights as New Chitose Airport and even looking from the observation deck at first there were no planes.
And there is one more method of climbing up to the slide deck.
The button battery in the PC's internal timer has gone flat.
If you say "I was tricked," well that's certainly so but there's no mistaking that you were the one who signed up on a "sweet deal".
Which joint did you dislocate?
About how much does it cost to have a dentist remove cigarette tar from your teeth?
He said that his previous dentist told him that he'd remove nicotine stains if he stopped smoking.
Stay away from me, I'll catch the stupid.
You should stay away from cults like that before you turn into a moron.
Making light of cavities can be a matter of life and death.
The colour and make of the president's car are?
It could be just right for a warm up.
Never mind that, just take out what you've just nicked from your bag.
In the midst of this, it is IT that has made great progress.
May I please have your telephone number?
What goes around comes around.
It's been days since my boyfriend went to jail.
I'm short-tempered, and a loose-tongued man.
I can spare you just minutes.
You have to learn to put up with this weather.
Good morning!
It's the answer told by lines that stretched around schools and churches in numbers this nation has never seen; by people who waited three hours and four hours, many for the very first time in their lives.
They believed that this time must be different; that their voice could be that difference.
Americans who sent a message to the world that we have never been a collection of Red States and Blue States: we are, and always will be, the United States of America.
It's been a long time coming, but tonight, because of what we did on this day, in this election, at this defining moment, change has come to America.
I just received a very gracious call from Senator McCain.
He fought long and hard in this campaign, and he's fought even longer and harder for the country he loves.
He has endured sacrifices for America that most of us cannot begin to imagine.
I need that phone.
I congratulate him and Governor Palin for all they have achieved, and I look forward to working with them to renew this nation's promise in the months ahead.
It can't happen without you, without a new spirit of service, a new spirit of sacrifice.
And that cannot happen if we go back to the way things were.
It is only the chance for us to make that change.
This victory alone is not the change we seek.
What began months ago in the depths of winter cannot end on this autumn night.
And, above all, I will ask you to join in the work of remaking this nation, the only way it's been done in America for years  block by block, brick by brick, calloused hand by calloused hand.
I will listen to you, especially when we disagree.
But I will always be honest with you about the challenges we face.
And we know the government can't solve every problem.
There are many who won't agree with every decision or policy I make as president.
There will be setbacks and false starts.
I promise you, we as a people will get there.
But, America, I have never been more hopeful than I am tonight that we will get there.
We may not get there in one year or even in one term.
The road ahead will be long.
There's new energy to harness, new jobs to be created, new schools to build, and threats to meet, alliances to repair.
Our climb will be steep.
There are mothers and fathers who will lie awake after the children fall asleep and wonder how they'll make the mortgage or pay their doctors' bills or save enough for their child's college education.
Even as we stand here tonight, we know there are brave Americans waking up in the deserts of Iraq and the mountains of Afghanistan to risk their lives for us.
For even as we celebrate tonight, we know the challenges that tomorrow will bring are the greatest of our lifetime  two wars, a planet in peril, the worst financial crisis in a century.
You did it because you understand the enormity of the task that lies ahead.
And I know you didn't do this just to win an election.
And I know you didn't do it for me.
This is your victory.
It drew strength from the not-so-young people who braved the bitter cold and scorching heat to knock on doors of perfect strangers, and from the millions of Americans who volunteered and organized and proved that more than two centuries later a government of the people, by the people, and for the people has not perished from the Earth.
It grew strength from the young people who rejected the myth of their generation's apathy  who left their homes and their families for jobs that offered little pay and less sleep.
It was built by working men and women who dug into what little savings they had to give $and $and $to the cause.
It began in the backyards of Des Moines and the living rooms of Concord and the front porches of Charleston.
Our campaign was not hatched in the halls of Washington.
We didn't start with much money or many endorsements.
I was never the likeliest candidate for this office.
But above all, I will never forget who this victory truly belongs to. It belongs to you. It belongs to you.
I am grateful to them.
To my sister Maya, my sister Alma, all my other brothers and sisters, thank you so much for all the support that you've given me.
I miss them tonight. I know that my debt to them is beyond measure.
And while she's no longer with us, I know my grandmother's watching, along with the family that made me who I am.
And you have earned the new puppy that's coming with us  to the White House.
Sarah and Marsha - I love you both more than you can imagine.
And I would not be standing here tonight without the unyielding support of my best friend for the last years, the rock of our family, the love of my life, the nation's next first lady, Michelle Obama.
I want to thank my partner in this journey, a man who campaigned from his heart, and spoke for the men and women he grew up with on the streets of Scranton, and rode with on the train home to Delaware, the vice president-elect of the United States, Joe Biden.
We are better off for the service rendered by this brave and selfless leader.
It's the answer that led those who've been told for so long by so many to be cynical and fearful and doubtful about what we can achieve to put their hands on the arc of history and bend it once more toward the hope of a better day.
If there is anyone out there who still doubts that America is a place where all things are possible; who still wonders if the dream of our founders is alive in our time; who still questions the power of our democracy, tonight is your answer.
While the Democratic Party has won a great victory tonight, we do so with a measure of humility and determination to heal the divides that have held back our progress.
So let us summon a new spirit of patriotism, of responsibility, where each of us resolves to pitch in and work harder and look after not only ourselves but each other.
Let us remember that, if this financial crisis taught us anything, it's that we cannot have a thriving Wall Street while Main Street suffers.
In this country, we rise or fall as one nation, as one people.
Let's resist the temptation to fall back on the same partisanship and pettiness and immaturity that has poisoned our politics for so long.
Let's remember that it was a man from this state who first carried the banner of the Republican Party to the White House, a party founded on the values of self-reliance and individual liberty and national unity.
Those are values that we all share.
As Lincoln said to a nation far more divided than ours, we are not enemies but friends.
Though passion may have strained, it must not break our bonds of affection.
And to those Americans whose support I have yet to earn, I may not have won your vote tonight, but I hear your voices.
I need your help. And I will be your president, too.
And to all those watching tonight from beyond our shores, from parliaments and palaces, to those who are huddled around radios in the forgotten corners of the world, our stories are singular, but our destiny is shared, and a new dawn of American leadership is at hand.
To those  to those who would tear the world down: We will defeat you.
To those who seek peace and security: We support you.
To all those who have wondered if America's beacon still burns as bright: Tonight we proved once more that the true strength of our nation comes not from the might of our arms or the scale of our wealth, but from the enduring power of our ideals: democracy, liberty, opportunity and unyielding hope.
That's the true genius of America: that America can change.
Our union can be perfected.
At a time when women's voices were silenced and their hopes dismissed, she lived to see them stand up and speak out and reach out for the ballot.
And tonight, I think about all that she's seen throughout her century in America  the heartache and the hope; the struggle and the progress; the times we were told that we can't, and the people who pressed on with that American creed: Yes we can.
She was born just a generation past slavery; a time when there were no cars on the road or planes in the sky; when someone like her couldn't vote for two reasons  because she was a woman and because of the color of her skin.
She's a lot like the millions of others who stood in line to make their voice heard in this election except for one thing: Ann Nixon Cooper is years old.
One that's on my mind tonight is about a woman who cast her ballot in Atlanta.
This election had many firsts and many stories that will be told for generations.
What we've already achieved gives us hope for what we can and must achieve tomorrow.
They are only bold in what they say.
However, the singer does not deny her ancestry.
Could you explain how the dishwasher works?
As we ate dessert, the desire grew to travel in this country.
And with me, we are yet one more.
NASA says it has sufficient information to say that a human visit to the red planet is feasible.
Is it necessary to expand human knowledge with space exploration?
Mathematics is not detrimental to the appetite.
No student has ever complained of pains in the front lobe of the left side of the brain.
He never goes to school on the bus.
He's a good violinist, is this not true?
I'd prefer not to eat that.
Children who spend more time outdoors have a lower risk of myopia.
The idea that reading makes you short-sighted has been popular for a couple of hundred years.
He studied on his own.
Such pretty flowers!
Do you fancy me?
Are you listening to me at all?
I already told you that she isn't here.
Shall we go to the cinema?
Most people think computers will never be able to think.
Yes, it is. There's a lot of moisture in the air.
I love him more than anything.
What a wonderful world!
I am adding an example sentence.
Thank you for coming!
Woe to infidels.
Sounds great, I'll have a look afterwards.
He's the same age as I.
Since I don't have a job, I can't save money.
Do you mind my turning on the TV?
We will be at home today.
What is the date today?
I don't want to work.
I gritted my teeth.
She showed a knack of insults.
With all due respect.
My ear is itching.
If it's free, get as much as you can.
What's he like? He's very nice.
When you're a parent it's important to set a good example for your children.
I get on with him well.
It is more time-efficient to do several tasks sequentially than attempt to do them simultaneously.
I love to dance.
Good evening.
My dad is not at home for the moment.
I do not work.
I am eating rice.
Carrefour's Ham offcuts are not expensive at all, but are nonetheless delicious.
I should stop procrastinating.
I am Chinese.
Who is your Chinese teacher?
I travelled around Europe.
I am the leader of this team.
Japan is the leader of the world's high-tech industry.
She took night classes in the art of self-defense.
The dress fits you very well.
Where does he work?
The radio is powered off.
I arrived at the village before dark.
Some people like volleyball, others enjoy tennis.
I didn't get the point of his speech.
Compared to yours, my car is small.
I wonder if it will be sunny outside.
I know you think you understood what you thought I said, but I'm not sure you realized that what you heard is not what I meant.
The secret to productivity in so many fields -- and in origami -- is letting dead people do your work for you.
She's stubborn.
Daddy told me where it would be nice to go.
The lecture starts at o' clock.
United we stand, divided we fall.
Establish regular prayers.
Wars come and go, but soldiers stay eternal.
Mature is better.
The Devil sued God.
Resurrection is at hand.
How can video games inspire us to make better applications for e-learning?
God is dead, and we have killed him.
No one is free; even the birds are chained to the sky.
Know before going.
Coffee and cigarettes.
See with your ears.
Read music, hear fiction.
I can't fall asleep.
"Trasianka" will be equalized with Belarusian language during the census.
I'm very impatient to see the new version of Tatoeba.
I've seen an article on the Tatoeba blog about a new version coming soon. Have you read it?
Pat sneezed the napkin off the table.
I need nine hours of sleep.
Say hello to your mum for me.
In places where it snows a lot, kerosene is an indispensable item.
Today I'm going to take my beloved car to the car wash.
My house is near the church.
Can you help me to translate these sentences into Chinese?
Today, I was done with my homework early.
Formerly, this city was beautiful.
The train leaves in minutes.
All human beings are born free and equal in dignity and rights. They are endowed with reason and conscience and should act towards one another in a spirit of brotherhood.
My younger sister got married in her teens.
I am tired after swimming in that river.
Can I rest a bit?
It seems she hates you.
It helped me a lot.
You have been missing all these years.
Born in Athens in 1956.
It's the third biggest city in Serbia.
It's raining cats and dogs tonight.
I don't like to go out when it's dark.
Have a nice trip!
I still don't write Chinese well.
What is the weather like today?
Spread Esperanto!
I won't stoop to his level.
I broke a string on my guitar.
This concert was awesome.
I am French.
Does your dog bite?
He said 'Goodbye everyone' and stood up.
I am working.
With his colored clothes, his long wig and his white gloves, one could guess he has run away from some kind of Disneyland.
You don't have to pay for it, that's for free.
I'd like to put my valuables in a safe deposit box, if any are available.
She would sooner translate sentences on Tatoeba than chat with me.
Karin is Austrian.
I have many friends.
Didn't your mother teach you anything? When you meet with scary people always protect your wallet and your arsehole!
This photo was taken in Nara.
You cannot kill yourself by holding your breath.
In 1912, the Austrian tailor Franz Reichelt died jumping off the first floor of the Eiffel Tower while trying out his new invention, the parachute coat, which did not work...
You should behave carefully.
But a man is not made for defeat. A man can be destroyed but not defeated.
Why did you go there?
Once bitten, twice shy.
A long tongue is a sign of a short hand.
Don't you ever come here again!
May I ask your name?
Who is he?
I'm Shanghainese.
May I ask where you work?
The boughs that bear most hang lowest.
Love is never without jealousy.
She is never online, even during her vacation.
Hello, Chicago!
It's the answer told by lines that stretched around schools and churches, in numbers this nation has never seen. By people who waited three hours and four hours, many for the first time in their lives, because they believed that this time must be different, that their voices could be that difference.
It's the answer spoken by young and old, rich and poor, Democrat and Republican, black, white, Hispanic, Asian, Native American, gay, straight, disabled and not disabled. Americans who sent a message to the world that we have never been just a collection of individuals or a collection of red states and blue states. We are, and always will be, the United States of America.
It's the answer that led those who've been told for so long, by so many, to be cynical and fearful and doubtful about what we can achieve, to put their hands on the arc of history and bend it once more toward the hope of a better day.
It's been a long time coming; but tonight, because of what we did on this day, in this election, at this defining moment, change has come to America.
A little bit earlier this evening, I received an extraordinarily gracious call from Senator McCain. Senator McCain fought long and hard in this campaign. And he's fought even longer and harder for the country that he loves. He has endured sacrifices for America that most of us cannot begin to imagine. We are better off for the service rendered by this brave and selfless leader.
I congratulate him, I congratulate Governor Palin for all that they've achieved. And I look forward to working with them to renew this nation's promise in the months ahead.
Sasha and Malia! I love you both more than you can imagine. And you have earned the new puppy that's coming with us to the White House.
And while she's no longer with us, I know my grandmother's watching, along with the family that made me who I am. I miss them tonight. I know that my debt to them is beyond measure. To my sister Maya, my sister Alma, all my other brothers and sisters, thank you so much for all the support that you've given me. I'm grateful to them.
To my chief strategist, David Axelrod, who's been a partner with me every step of the way. To the best campaign team ever assembled in the history of politics! You made this happen, and I am forever grateful for what you've sacrificed to get it done.
I was never the likeliest candidate for this office. We didn't start with much money or many endorsements. Our campaign was not hatched in the halls of Washington. It began in the backyards of Des Moines, and the living rooms of Concord, and the front porches of Charleston. It was built by working men and women who dug into what little savings they had to give $and $and $to the cause.
It drew strength from the young people who rejected the myth of their generation's apathy, who left their homes and their families for jobs that offered little pay and less sleep.
And I know you didn't do this just to win an election. And I know you didn't do it for me. You did it because you understand the enormity of the task that lies ahead. For even as we celebrate tonight, we know the challenges that tomorrow will bring are the greatest of our lifetime: two wars, a planet in peril, the worst financial crisis in a century.
Even as we stand here tonight, we know there are brave Americans waking up in the deserts of Iraq and the mountains of Afghanistan, to risk their lives for us.
There are mothers and fathers who will lie awake after the children fall asleep and wonder how they'll make the mortgage, or pay their doctor's bills, or save enough for their child's college education.
The road ahead will be long. Our climb will be steep. We may not get there in one year or even in one term. But, America, I have never been more hopeful than I am tonight that we WILL get there.
There will be setbacks and false starts. There are many who won't agree with every decision or policy I make as president. And we know the government can't solve every problem.
But I will always be honest with you about the challenges we face. I will listen to you, especially when we disagree. And above all, I will ask you to join in the work of remaking this nation, the only way it's been done in America for years; block by block, brick by brick, calloused hand by calloused hand.
What began months ago in the depths of winter cannot end on this autumn night. This victory alone is not the change we seek. It is only the chance for us to make that change. And that cannot happen if we go back to the way things were. It can't happen without you, without a new spirit of service, a new spirit of sacrifice. So let us summon a new spirit of patriotism, of responsibility, where each of us resolves to pitch in and work harder and look after not only ourselves but each other.
Let us remember that if this financial crisis taught us anything, it's that we cannot have a thriving Wall Street while Main Street suffers.
In this country, we rise or fall as one nation, as one people. Let's resist the temptation to fall back on the same partisanship and pettiness and immaturity that has poisoned our politics for so long.
Let's remember that it was a man from this state who first carried the banner of the Republican Party to the White House, a party founded on the values of self-reliance and individual liberty and national unity. Those are values that we all share. And while the Democratic Party has won a great victory tonight, we do so with a measure of humility and determination to heal the divides that have held back our progress.
As Lincoln said to a nation far more divided than ours, we are not enemies but friends. Though passion may have strained, it must not break our bonds of affection.
And to those Americans whose support I have yet to earn, I may not have won your vote tonight, but I hear your voices. I need your help. And I will be your president, too.
And all those watching tonight from beyond our shores, from parliaments and palaces, to those who are huddled around radios in the forgotten corners of the world, our stories are singular, but our destiny is shared, and a new dawn of American leadership is at hand.
To those who would tear the world down: we will defeat you.
To those who seek peace and security. We support you. And to all those who have wondered if America's beacon still burns as bright, tonight we proved once more that the true strength of our nation comes not from the might of our arms or the scale of our wealth, but from the enduring power of our ideals: democracy, liberty, opportunity and unyielding hope.
That's the true genius of America; that America can change. Our Union can be perfected. What we've already achieved gives us hope for what we can and must achieve tomorrow.
This election had many firsts and many stories that will be told for generations. But one that's on my mind tonight is about a woman who cast her ballot in Atlanta. She's a lot like the millions of others who stood in line to make their voice heard in this election, except for one thing: Ann Nixon Cooper is years old.
She was born just a generation past slavery. A time when there were no cars on the road or planes in the sky, when someone like her couldn't vote for two reasons: because she was a woman, and because of the color of her skin.
And tonight, I think about all that she's seen throughout her century in America. The heartache and the hope, the struggle and the progress. The times we were told that we can't, and the people who pressed on with that American creed: Yes, we can.
At a time when women's voices were silenced and their hopes dismissed, she lived to see them stand up and speak out and reach for the ballot. Yes, we can.
When there was despair in the dust bowl and depression across the land, she saw a nation conquer fear itself with a New Deal, new jobs, a new sense of common purpose. Yes, we can.
When the bombs fell on our harbor and tyranny threatened the world, she was there to witness a generation rise to greatness, and a democracy was saved. Yes, we can.
She was there for the buses in Montgomery, the hoses in Birmingham, a bridge in Selma, and a preacher from Atlanta who told a people that "We Shall Overcome." Yes, we can.
A man touched down on the moon. A wall came down in Berlin. A world was connected by our own science and imagination.
And this year, in this election, she touched her finger to a screen, and cast her vote; because after years in America, through the best of times and the darkest of hours, she knows how America can change.
Yes, we can.
America, we have come so far. We have seen so much. But there is so much more to do. So tonight, let us ask ourselves, if our children should live to see the next century, if my daughters should be so lucky to live as long as Ann Nixon Cooper, what change will they see? What progress will we have made?
This is our chance to answer that call. This is our moment. This is our time, to put our people back to work and open doors of opportunity for our kids; to restore prosperity and promote the cause of peace; to reclaim the American dream and reaffirm that fundamental truth, that out of many, we are one; that while we breathe, we hope. And where we are met with cynicism and doubt and those who tell us that we can't, we will respond with that timeless creed that sums up the spirit of a people.
Thank you. God bless you. And may God bless the United States of America.
For how long are you in Shanghai?
Look, this is my business card.
What is this animal called in Japanese?
Come in.
Can you change the room for me?
Come on in.
I am not going anywhere.
Slacktivism is a portmanteau formed out of the words slacker and activism.
Don't let the chance slip away!
He has dubbed in "Avatar".
I vowed that I would never speak to her again.
Do you have any condoms?
I'm pregnant.
My room is a mess.
My hovercraft is full of eels.
I will keep you warm.
I don't know.
There was an earthquake yesterday.
Art for art's sake.
There's no accounting for taste.
I thought that text box was a search field.
This hall will hold two thousand people.
This hall holds two thousand people.
Let's take a coffee break.
Let's break for some tea.
To each his own.
The colonnade of the basilica of Saint Peter is truly grand and beautiful.
I eat noodles.
We'll soon know the truth.
Act. Don't talk.
Actions, not words.
When he was a child, he went to Paris three times.
Judy looked at me.
If it hadn't been for the seatbelt, I wouldn't be alive today.
On account of having drunk some strong coffee, she wasn't able to sleep all night long.
Time flies like an arrow; fruit flies like a banana.
There sure are a lot of people at Sensouji.
As a child, I liked baseball better than football.
When I was a child, I would often visit him on Sunday.
When it comes to my child, the trouble never ends.
That's unbelievable!
No swimming.
Please don't follow this advice.
Maybe I'll just give up soon and take a nap instead.
I'm leaving.
Unfortunately, it's true.
Hurry it up!
It's always been that way.
We might have frost next week.
The dog looked at his master with anxiety.
Lucy has about the same number of friends as me.
Lucy and I have about the same number of friends.
It is still possible to make a profit when prices are falling.
The printer in Peter's office is broken and doesn't print anymore.
I can't walk another step.
I'm all in.
I like walking alone.
The experiment failed.
The experiment succeeded.
The bus arrived ten minutes late.
The bus was ten minutes late.
How many times a day does that bus run?
Because I didn't take the bus, I'm not home yet.
The scissors won't cut anything.
The hike will take at least eight hours.
Foreign people are amusing.
Ten, eleven, twelve, thirteen, fourteen, fifteen, sixteen, seventeen, eighteen, nineteen, twenty.
The whole class is present today.
Everyone in the class is here today.
When is the party?
There were no students who went to the party.
At the party, everyone was wearing beautiful clothes.
Sooner or later, we all are going to die.
As soon as she heard the news, she burst into tears.
When she heard the news, she was not happy.
When he heard the news, he was dumbfounded.
When I heard the news, I wanted to cry.
Her daughter eloped with a young author.
I take a bath every day.
I'm sorry, I love you.
Is this pure gold?
If you know the answer to this question, please tell me.
When in Rome, do as the Romans do.
No place like home.
Good medicine is bitter.
Let me introduce myself.
I'll never be able to look him in the face again.
It was like a bolt out of the blue.
A drowning man will catch at a straw.
Nothing comes of nothing.
The darkest place is under the candlestick.
He is acting like Nelson tonight.
Frankly speaking, his speeches are always dull.
Like his father, he has many books.
She lived a happy life.
I don't like him.
We did not think about the price.
What is your impression of America?
They are all innocent children.
We exchanged glances with each other.
You are very good at sewing.
He likes jelly.
I made a big mistake thinking he was an honest man.
The box was empty when I opened it.
I like cats.
He does not let the opponent come near him.
I asked him why he is so sad.
He amused us with funny stories.
I want to be like Picasso.
I forgot to ask him.
He took it literally.
I keep sneezing.
Don't get upset!
Don't try to make dramatic changes to your diet all at once.
It can happen to anybody.
You are not logged in.
Study these sentences.
Don't hide under the bed.
What's he talking about?
Jon made his company succeed.
He wants a watch just like yours.
I am very tired after a class.
You should pay more attention to your own safety.
This is certainly surprising.
The lion lay in the middle of the cage.
Don't put all your eggs in one basket.
He is not that honest at all.
It is still a little scary.
She managed to get what she desired easily.
From which track does the train to Higashi-Kakogawa leave?
Everyone makes mistakes.
Bill did not say that she should obey him no matter what.
Beat the egg whites until stiff.
Happy birthday, Muiriel!
The young engineer lacked experience.
You sure guessed the critical points of that teacher's exam.
The majority of students here are diligent.
It seems that Mr Tanaka has passed the exam.
Let's decide by coin toss.
He did not understand her joke.
I must fix it.
To meet is to part.
The only person who is tired of waiting for Miss Cobb.
I play board games just to socialize.
In America, people play a different version of mahjong.
I am an entrepreneur.
I am an intermediary who introduces business.
I am a business creator.
Although Go is probably the most popular Japanese game in my country, at most only a few university students know it.
I am learning Japanese to play mahjong in Japan.
I hope to go to Japan and beat the Japanese in mahjong.
Before beginning to shop at this online store please familiarize yourself with these store policies.
Breakfast is already prepared.
When I moved to the United States four years ago, I had problems adapting to a new language and culture.
I just felt a drop of rain.
Who are you?
Syllogism is a logical argument in which two propositions determine one conclusion.
Why can't Go be popular in Turkey when it is so in Japan?
All men are mortal, all Greeks are men, therefore all Greeks are mortal.
In winter I wear an overcoat.
She gives a careful diagnosis to everyone.
Sticks and stones may break my bones, but names will never hurt me.
I really do not want to go.
That room is filled with a cloud of cigarette smoke.
Some people prefer to live by the moment.
She is living hand-to-mouth.
She used to live hand to mouth.
It seems Tanaka passed her exam.
I sometimes wonder if I am a girl.
Let's not exaggerate the facts.
Don't worry, everything will be OK.
It was only a joke.
Keep the change.
It's nice out today, isn't it?
It looked cheap.
When it is possible for you to meet him?
These games are listed under the adult category.
These students are the crme de la crme of our school.
Is early medieval glass production a continuation of Roman glass technology?
A commission!
The amount of smoke that comes out of an electronic cigarette isn't bad at all.
Then is it war again, after so long a truce?
I perceive myself as my own god.
I would love to write hundreds of sentences on Tatoeba, but I've got things to do.
If it hadn't been for you, he would still be alive.
I feel much better.
After I returned from Turkey, my Turkish deteriorated.
I think you will be impressed with the answers.
How was the universe formed?
Why do you stifle me so by complaining?
Let the healthy boy learn to suffer.
The movie called "Paranormal Activity" was not that much good.
I want five kftes.
Let go of your hate.
I will send your money as soon as possible.
Nobody is perfect.
Roman Emperor Caligula had a horse called Incitatus which means fast.
In Sumerian "L.GAL" means the ruler or king.
Enough for one day.
Kibune is in Kyoto.
I think that is wrong.
I went to the library to read a book.
Toni speaks English better than me.
All of my clothes are custom made.
It is a truth universally aknowledged that...
It's very romantic!
He is very romantic!
Please send my regards to your family.
This caterpillar will turn into a beautiful butterfly.
See you later!
This is the best kushikatsu restaurant in Osaka.
Forecasting is the way of saying what will happen and then explaining why it didn't.
How many rocks can you see at Ryoanji?
I'm stuffed!
It's been raining all the time recently.
Bored now.
I'm going to Japan with my girlfriend in August.
Happy New Year!
We should sit down.
Well, I'll only take toast and coffee.
Achoo!
This is, even now, an unrealized dream.
I'm fed up with this winter, I want spring right now!
Thank you for the corrections.
It was so cold my ears hurt.
Tuesday was certainly cold.
It was freezing!
Yesterday was Tuesday, 2010, January the 26th.
I'd like to go to Hawaii as well.
I recommend Maui.
Has anybody here been to Hawaii?
All of it was delicious!
I want to play a game where a noble female knight with the nickname "Light-Speed" freely manipulates gravity.
Though it was the original, Amsterdam, and York, were beaten by New York.
Must be nice...
The billion dollars spent in the Iraq war could provide one year's free education for every child in the world.
There's nothing worse than doing things by halves!!
I play the violin.
However that's only for handsome men.
I'm not your doll.
Cold water, please.
The funny thing about age is that while everyone was young once, not everyone will get old.
No matter how old you are, it is still possible to learn.
The thing that most surprised me since coming to Japan is how many vending machines there are.
I wonder if that country is actually really ready to accept a black president.
I am sitting in a row.
I have been your doll-wife, just as at home I was father's doll-child.
At night he goes out for a drink.
Where is this train going?
This is the order.
He is the fastest runner in his class.
Die!
In spring, the dawn.
I'm a man without a woman.
I can't see the end.
He can't sing well.
My mother can't attend.
You can't swim.
The world will smile happily without me.
Although she is gone, I still love her more than anything.
Love is mystery and misery indefinitely.
I will devour you little girl.
Although he is gone, I still love him more than everything.
The problem is we don't have enough money.
This is my second experience flying on a plane.
That was the first time I got on a plane.
It's better to give than to receive.
An unconditional love is love without coercion.
Tom is not a lazy child.
Most of my paperbacks are in covers so you don't know what they are until you open them.
It seems that we're becoming more right-wing all over the world.
Fish stocks are declining due to over-protection of whales, so fish that whales can eat should also be protected.
Holding the Olympics where there's severe atmospheric pollution gives rise to a great risk for athletes.
It looks like most people give up before realizing their abilities.
Stories like Cinderella can be found in China, Japan and in every land of the world.
I was disappointed.
Miracles are called miracles because they don't happen!
Around half of middle-school students in Japan have mobile phones, but if you look at those in high school then 97% have them.
I hate people who say that.
He had already gone.
You can't let your guard down for a second around that guy.
This is a dog resembling a horse.
This is a dog that resembles a horse.
In mathematics, a quiver is a directed graph.
... reason? What you're looking for is a pretext, isn't it?
I'll take that as a compliment.
In algebra a monomorphism is an injective homomorphism.
I'm having some problems compiling this software.
Linux is a free operating system; you should try it.
Some of my classmates are pure noobs; they know nothing about computing sciences.
I often use SSH to access my computers remotely.
Most developers hate debugging; it's more fun to create bugs than to correct them.
A typical example of a field is provided by the real numbers.
The proof is trivial.
The proof is left to the reader.
Obviously, the theorem is true for finite sets.
Now, we show how this lemma can be used to prove our main theorem.
Today's pure mathematics is tomorrow's applied mathematics.
Do you understand the concept of the time value of money?
The truth of the holocaust is doubtless.
Do we need more inflation?
My car is broken.
More than ever, a reform of the health care system is needed.
If you ironed Switzerland, it would be bigger than Germany.
I'm staying at my friend's house in Washington City.
The gap in perspective between man and woman on home management.
As the sun rises, the morning mist gradually fades away.
The path stretching from that house to the bamboo thicket was laid with stone paving.
I am a vegetarian.
I am vegan.
Does this food contain any meat?
I do not eat meat, fish, shellfish, poultry or broth.
He moved aside to let it pass.
Their names have escaped me.
Exporters are in dire straights.
You will never beat me, you hear me? Never!
I salute your dedicated work.
Who touched my gun?
At the same time Ismo jumps and baffles the attendants.
The substance can irritate or corrode the skin, eyes, or mucous membranes.
Since the book is about animals, I was irritated that the animals behaved like people.
Apart from a small portion of people, everyone uses the internet more than once a week.
There's a wildlife preserve on the river in town, if you're watching ducks that would be a good place.
Please let me know if you have any questions.
The end crowns the work.
Not for life, but for school do we learn.
When in doubt, in favour of the accused.
All that is allowed to Jupiter is not necessarily allowed to an ox.
I came, I saw, I conquered.
Great is the power of habit.
While I breathe, I hope.
Man is a wolf to man.
My concern is the future.
Men believe what they want to.
It was as gloomy inside the mansion as the sunlight was dazzling outside.
You should always listen to the other side, too.
Vanity of vanities; all is vanity.
The boy certainly wasn't talkative.
The die is cast.
Hawaii, y'know, has a lot of houses with fireplaces, doesn't it? The mornings and evenings over there get cold as well, so people who feel the cold light fires.
I was surprised to come across vending machines that sell cans of coffee, where you can even choose between hot and cold ones.
It is sweet and right to die for your homeland.
The darkest hour is just before the dawn.
Does bump mapping generate more graphics load than parallax?
We met a writer.
The road is long.
Life is a long, long road.
The world is a small village.
Cherries are red.
The competition is fierce.
We are Arabs.
He is smart.
You are my friend.
This is my notebook.
Please behave prudently.
This is not true.
My wife is a doctor.
Music is a universal language.
Thank God.
I have a problem.
There are many factors.
What's important is work.
You are not our friend.
The ambassador returned.
I don't know anything.
He raised his hand.
The students laughed.
A number of experts attended the meeting.
He left the door open.
Did my father really die?
What a sentence!
He is a naughty boy.
He taught me history.
This is a house and that is a mosque.
The door is open.
The pen is broken.
Where is the boy?
Bilal went to school.
This is beautiful, and that is also beautiful.
This book is Ali's.
Karam is a new teacher.
The new teacher is in the class.
I am in a new house.
The car that's in front of me is Karam's.
The teacher is with the school principal.
Did you go to school today?
Who is in the house?
I love Arabic.
What do you like to eat?
Where are you from?
Where is your house?
Where do you live?
What is your address?
The female student that sat in front of the teacher is from Germany.
Some of them are teachers, and some are engineers.
They are my brothers.
They are my sisters.
Which student went out?
Who are these two boys?
How many books did you read?
They are both in the room.
How many pens do you have?
I saw five men.
I have ten pens.
I carried three books.
I passed by four houses.
I have one sister.
The book is easy.
Perhaps the weather is fine.
You are rich.
Bilal is a person of knowledge.
Bilal is educated.
Maryam is a person of good manners.
Maryam is well behaved.
Are you a teacher or a student?
Did you go to Cairo or Alexandria?
Take this or that.
This house is not new.
It's your turn.
I am not from India.
Bilal is taller than Karam.
You are better than me.
Karam is the best student in the whole school.
It looks like you are from India.
It looks like this car is his.
Fatima is the eldest student in our class.
Eleven students received the award.
Since 1990, eleven female students received the award.
If the loser smiled the winner will lose the thrill of victory.
Everyone is a moon, and has a dark side which he never shows to anybody.
Don't challenge someone who has nothing to lose.
