He apologized to me for his rudeness.
He made himself known to me.
He is really putting the squeeze on me.
He carved me a wooden doll.
She motioned me to hold my tongue.
He gave me a wink.
He commanded me to shut the gate.
He got me some vegetables.
He told me that he would visit Nara next month.
He asked a favor of me.
He hurried past me without stopping to speak.
He made as if to speak to me but said nothing.
He laughed off my idea.
He isn't my cousin.
He married my cousin.
He got engaged to my cousin.
He acknowledged my presence with a nod.
He took me by the collar.
He is in my favor.
He will not steal my money; I have faith in him.
He helped me to carry the bag.
He gave me a smile of recognition.
He scarcely seems to care for me, does he?
He recommended this dictionary to me.
He pulled my shirt.
He followed hard after me.
He made me sing on the stage.
He is a complete stranger to me.
He tried to put the blame on me.
I wonder if he can reserve the flight for me.
He put himself to much trouble on my behalf.
He put in a good word for me.
He has done his utmost for me.
He isn't appreciative of my little jokes.
He often dropped in on me.
He came to me hat in hand and asked for a loan.
He suggested a plan similar to mine.
He found my bike.
He accepted my present.
He touched me on the cheek.
He is an old friend of mine.
He is my good partner.
He looked over my report.
He can't endure my selfishness any more.
He acted as my guide.
He gave in to my views.
He is in sympathy with my opinion.
He listened to my opinion.
He has agreed with me.
He persists in his opinion.
He accepted my idea.
He has half as many books as I.
He is my best friend.
He helped me to move.
He is my distant relation.
He kicked me in the side.
He sprawled out on the sofa next to me.
He lives far away from my house.
He called at my house.
He lives six houses beyond my house.
He looked at all the beautiful things in my house.
He passed by my house but didn't drop in.
He dropped in at my house.
He made a hit with my family.
He sang the way I did.
He accused me of my mistake.
He promised to see about my broken watch.
He kissed me on the forehead.
He cannot see the matter from my point of view.
He looked me in the face.
He gave me a blank stare.
He stared me straight in the face.
He struck me a blow on the face.
He refused to notice me.
He looked at me for an explanation.
He flicked me in the face.
He seems to be aware of my feelings.
He is my classmate.
He earns three times as much as me.
He would not raise my salary.
He asked my pardon.
He grabbed me by the collar.
He saw the surprise on my face.
He dragged at my collar.
He doesn't live in my neighborhood.
He stole the money from my safe.
He gave a good shine to my shoes.
He is my brother, not father.
He isn't my brother. He's my cousin.
He is as tall as my brother.
He's like a brother to me.
He's a friend of my brother's.
He is not so old as my brother.
He is junior to my brother by three years.
He nodded to show that he approved of my plan.
He paid no attention to my warning.
He paid attention to my warning.
He is bone of my bone, flesh of my flesh.
He advised me on my study.
He dealt me a blow on the shoulder.
He tapped me on the shoulder.
He made a speech in support of my view.
He ran through my manuscript.
He made believe not to hear me.
He turns a deaf ear to me.
He turned a deaf ear to me.
He made believe that he did not hear me.
He took offense at what I said and turned on his heels.
He turned a deaf ear to my words.
He doesn't speak our language.
He is my old friend.
He stood behind me.
He overlooked my mistake.
He is envious of my good fortune.
He blocked my way.
He is my closest friend; we are like brothers.
He is getting far too familiar with my wife.
He is acquainted with my wife.
He robbed me of my purse.
He earns three times as much as I.
He has three times as many books as I have.
He mended my umbrella.
He often stands in the way of my work.
He hindered me in my work.
He assisted me with my business.
He is my working mate.
He married my sister.
He has really made a hole in my finances.
He took me for my twin brother.
He came to my office yesterday.
He simply shrugged off my suggestion.
He whispered the answer in my ear.
He forgot to give back my dictionary.
He was sitting there, delighted with my failure.
He answered my question in the negative.
He answered my question easily.
He gave a positive answer to my question.
He nodded in response to my question.
He didn't answer my question.
He didn't respond to my question.
He will never forgive my debt.
He is my boss's friend and confidant.
He held out his hand and I took it.
He gave my hand a firm clasp.
He caught hold of my hand.
He caught my hand and pulled me to the second floor.
He caught me by the hand.
He wrote a prompt answer to my letter.
He responded very quickly to my letter.
He didn't reply to my letter.
He seized me by the wrist.
He showed a great reluctance to help me.
He seized me by the neck.
He caught me by the neck.
He is my uncle.
He gave witness to the truth of my statement.
He acted on my advice.
He asked for my advice.
He was made my servant.
He is my rival in business.
He is my boss.
He was amused at my joke.
He abused my confidence.
He betrayed my confidence in him.
He asked me about my new job.
He robbed me of my new watch.
He admired my new car.
He rejected my offer flatly.
He turned down my offer.
He as good as accepted my offer.
He sat right in front of me.
He was just behind me.
He was my dear friend.
He is no relation to me.
He is one of my best friends.
He has changed my life.
He envied my success.
He was jealous of my success.
He congratulated me on my success.
He is my only living relative.
He made believe that he had not heard me.
He seems satisfied with my explanation.
He looked satisfied with my explanation.
He is my teacher.
He sat in front of me.
He is running ahead of me.
He walked ahead of me.
He sat down by my side.
He is not my son, but my nephew.
He explained to my son why it rains.
He bears a strong likeness to my son.
He ran a serious risk on my behalf.
He went there instead of me.
He is the only person that I known who is equal to the task.
He shut his ears to my advice.
He wouldn't listen to my advice.
He would not follow my advice.
He yielded to my advice.
He paid no attention to my advice.
He took no notice of my advice.
He would not listen to my advice.
He won't look at my advice.
He regretted not having taken my advice.
He made reference to my book.
He stood godfather to my first son.
He disputed my statement.
He interpreted for me.
He is a close friend of my brother.
He brought forward a strong objection to my proposal.
He didn't agree to my proposal.
He acceded to my proposal.
He wouldn't look at my proposal.
He turned up his nose at my suggestion.
He sent an immediate reply to my telegram.
He mocked my efforts.
He took me up on my remarks about equal rights.
I thought he was my special friend.
He is earning twice my salary.
He took advantage of my youth.
He earns double my salary.
He had twice as much money as I.
He ate twice as much as I did.
He brushed off my objections.
He disclosed my secret.
He slammed the door right in my face.
He cured my illness.
He is my father.
He is not my father but my uncle.
He is as old as my father.
He is as tall as my father.
He made a pretense of knowing my father.
He entered my room.
He came into my room.
He came up to my room.
He works under me.
He did not accept my apologies.
He asked after my mother.
He squashed my hat flat.
He is a man after my own heart.
He searched my face for my real intentions.
He is engaged to my younger sister.
He deprived my little sister of all her toys.
He is no friend of mine.
He seemed surprised by my ignorance.
He was making sheep's eyes at my daughter.
He called my name.
I owe him my life.
I owe him a great deal because he saved my life.
He hit me in the eye.
He tried in vain to pull the wool over my eyes.
He looked me in the eye.
He looked me straight in the eyes.
He is included among my friends.
He is my friend.
He robbed me of every penny I had.
He turned a deaf ear to my request.
He said nothing as to my request.
He is my Mr Right.
He came to see me during my absence.
He gave a good impression to my parents.
He lives next to me.
He seated himself next to me.
He is my next-door neighbor.
He is one of my neighbours.
He was floored by my argument.
He has distorted my speech.
He took hold of my arm and never let me loose.
He took me by the arm and looked me in the eye.
He took me by the arm.
He called out not only to me but also to my dog.
He said, "I want to be a scientist."
He does not run as fast as I.
He is less intelligent than me.
He outweighs me by kg.
He is two years my junior.
He is senior to me by two years.
He is older than I by two years.
He is junior to me by two years.
He is three years younger than Father.
He is three years senior to me.
He is my junior by three years.
He is six years older than I.
He is two inches taller than I am.
He has more books than I do.
He speaks English better than I do.
He is a better speaker of English than I.
He is taller than me by a head.
He put the shot farther than I did.
He can speak English much more fluently than I can.
He is immediately above me in rank.
He is a better swimmer than I.
He is superior in learning to me.
He is inferior to me in learning.
He is better able to teach than I am.
He is younger than me by three years.
He is senior to me by three years.
He is a little bit more careful than I.
He walked before me.
He is able to run faster than I.
He can run faster than I.
He is taller than I.
He is a head taller than me.
He is cleverer than I.
He is stronger than I am.
He took me for my mother.
He scolded me for being lazy.
He kept me waiting for more than an hour.
He took me for an Englishman.
He went so far as to call me a liar.
He accused me of being a liar.
He fixed his eyes on me.
He fastened his eyes on me.
He stared at me and said nothing.
He looked me over from head to foot.
He introduced me to Sue.
He made me go there.
He beguiled me into accepting it.
He just glanced at me.
He relaxed his hold on me.
He nudged me to go ahead.
He stared at me.
He calls me Pete.
He dropped in on me.
He praised me to the skies.
He treats me as if I am a stranger.
He often takes me for a drive.
He insulted me by calling me a donkey.
He thrust me aside.
It is likely that he kept me waiting on purpose.
I wonder if he loves me.
He came to see me in a different light.
He accommodated me with a night's lodging.
He made a promise to take me to the movies.
He pushed past me.
He hit me back.
He went so far as to say that I was coward.
He called me a coward.
He invited me to his house.
He took no notice of me.
He will excuse me.
He changed his countenance when he saw me.
Hardly had he seen me when he ran away.
The moment he caught sight of me, he ran away.
He looked at me and said, "Watch out."
He smiled a cynical smile at me.
He passed by without looking at me.
He grunted his agreement without looking at me.
The moment he saw me, he waved to me.
The moment he saw me, he grew pale and ran away.
As soon as he saw me, he ran away.
He ran away as soon as he saw me.
He left the room the moment he saw me.
He ran away at the sight of me.
He raised his hat when he saw me.
Directly he saw me, he ran away.
The moment he saw me he ran away.
He sold me down the river.
He took the trouble to see me off at the station.
He has made me what I am today.
He called me out.
He got me wrong.
He confessed that he had fallen in love with me.
He made me go.
He broke the vase on purpose to bother me.
He made mistakes on purpose to annoy me.
He made me wait for about half an hour.
I'm sure he mistook me for my sister.
He treats me as a child.
He used me as a guinea pig.
He brought me back in his car.
He came here to help me.
I hope that he will help me.
He has engaged himself to help me.
He promised to help me, but at the last minute he let me down.
Not only did he refuse to help me, but also he scolded me.
He made me his assistant.
He kept on laughing at me.
He invited me to dinner.
He argued me into going.
He kept me waiting.
He treats me as an adult.
Does he know me?
He made believe not to know me.
He doesn't know me.
He flatly refused to let me in.
He went so far as to call me a fool.
As he played a dirty trick on me, I'll get even with him.
He gave me a lift in his cart.
He let me work in this office.
He made me attend the party in his place.
He treats me like his slave.
He introduced me to his parents.
He charged me with dishonesty.
He hustled me into the house.
He wrote to me to the effect that he would visit me.
He forced me to go.
He called me by name.
In addition to hiring me, he gave me a piece of advice.
He is doing it with my help.
He crossed me up.
He sat at a distance from me.
He turned down my application.
He is a different person from the one we are looking for.
He suggested we should start at once.
He came across to us as being honest.
I thought he held something back from us.
He gave us an essay to write during the vacation.
He preached to us about the importance of good health.
He showed us some pictures.
He asked us not to make any noise.
He is very formal with us.
He gave us clothes, and money as well.
He is very friendly to us.
He teaches us history.
He belongs to our tennis team.
He is popular among us.
He failed to come up to our expectations.
He came up with an answer to our problem.
He flatly turned down our request.
He is our next door neighbor.
He is the man for whom we all have respect.
He works us too hard.
Is he going to help us?
He kept us waiting for a long time.
He is no more able to read Chinese than I am.
He is always busy feathering his own nest.
He wrote a sentence on the paper, but I didn't understand the sentence.
He drew some vertical lines on the paper.
He was welcomed everywhere.
He kept quite calm.
He has good eyesight.
He has poor eyesight.
His eyes failed him.
He was learning a poem.
He is a poet.
He is a poet and novelist.
In addition to being a poet, he is a scholar.
He isn't a poet; he's a prose writer.
He is a poet and statesman.
He is not so much a poet as a novelist.
He is not so much a poet as a writer.
He hoped to find fame as a poet.
He decided to give it a try.
He took the car on trial.
He tried solving the problem.
He tried opening the door.
He tried climbing the distant mountain.
He tried writing a short story.
He did well in the examination.
He cheated on the test by copying from the girl in front.
He scored on the exam.
He was caught cheating in the exam.
He failed in the examination.
He got the highest grade on the exam.
He contrived to cheat in the examination.
Do you think that he will pass the examination?
He works hard that he may pass the examination.
He passed the examination with the highest score.
He successfully passed the exam.
He is likely to pass the examination.
He succeeded in the examination.
It is said that he has passed the examination.
He is believed to have passed the examination.
He can not have passed the exam.
Did he succeed in passing the examination?
He made every effort to pass the exam.
He is working hard so that he may pass the examination.
He is confident that he will pass the examination.
He is making every possible effort to pass the examination.
He studied hard in order to pass the test.
He did serious effort, in order to pass an examination.
He studied hard in order to pass the examination.
It is expected that he will succeed in the examination.
We expect that he will pass the examination.
He is sure of passing the examination.
I expect him to pass the examination.
He was able to pass the exam.
He couldn't pass the examination.
He could pass the examination, could not he?
He is studying hard so that he can pass the examinations.
He is discouraged by his failure in the examination.
He will not fail in the examination.
He is working hard to pass the examination.
He worked hard in order to pass the examination.
He made an effort to pass the examination.
He was fortunate to pass the exam.
He studied hard so as to pass the examination.
He failed the exam, but he doesn't care too much.
Will he fail the examination?
I expected him to fail the exam.
He did not repent of his idleness till he failed in the examination.
He did not prepare for his examination.
He is concerned about the result of the exam.
His failure in the examination drove him to despair.
He is busy preparing for an examination.
He should have taken the examination.
He was admitted to the school without sitting for an examination.
He was admitted without sitting for an examination.
He is busy correcting test papers.
He put a lot of time and effort into preparing for the exam.
He is likely to win the game.
He don't manifest much desire to win the game.
He is sure of winning the game.
He is now glad, now sad at the progress of the game.
He had his arm broken during the game.
He is running short of funds.
He was dependent on contribution for a part of capital.
He's good at fund raising.
His wealth got him into the club.
He is a man of wealth.
I was stabbed in the back by my subordinate.
He cut the rope with his teeth.
He had his tooth pulled.
He went to the dentist.
He squeezed the toothpaste out of a tube.
He failed in business, and to make matters worse, his wife fell ill.
His failure in business left him penniless.
He failed in his business and now is a total wreck.
He was broken by the failure of his business.
He went far in business.
He is sure of succeeding in his undertaking.
He was mortified at his failure in business.
Enough money was available for him to begin his business.
He is doing business on a large scale.
He has something to do with the case.
He had to inquire into the record of the event.
He intended to reexamine the case from the beginning.
Since he was injured in an accident, he could no longer walk.
An accident prohibited his attending the ceremony.
He survived the accident.
He was hurt in the accident.
Being injured in an accident, he could not walk.
An accident deprived him of sight.
He went deaf as a result of an accident.
He lost his life in an accident.
He ran the risk of having an accident.
He met with an accident.
He came through the accident without harm.
It is possible that he has had an accident.
He had an accident and broke his leg.
He gave us a detailed account of the accident.
He explained about the accident.
He met with an accident and broke some bones.
His accident incapacitated him for work.
He fully realizes that he was the cause of the accident.
He never speaks of the accident.
He gave a short account of the accident.
He attributed the accident to the bad weather.
He charged the accident to my carelessness.
He gave a bald statement of the facts.
He seemed to conceal the fact.
He explained the facts at length.
Though he knew the truth, he told us nothing.
He got angry to know the fact.
He is the president of the company in fact, if not in name.
He tried to certify the matter as correct.
He added insult to injury.
He made an endeavor to improve the situation.
He was unaware of the situation.
He opposes me at every turn.
He got a position as a clerk.
He put forward a plan for improving office efficiency.
He has come back from the office.
He rushed out of the office.
He is out of the office.
He sent in his application to the office.
He hadn't been in the office five minutes before he told us what to do.
His handwriting is poor.
He would not give away his money for charity's sake.
He does much to help others.
He gave me what money he had with him.
He couldn't lift.
He gave away all his money to charity.
He wondered what to do about the wallet he was holding.
He gave me what little money he had.
He writes a letter once in a while but not so often.
He has appeared as the man of the day in today's paper.
He intended to enter the political world at a favorable opportunity.
He said nothing as to the time.
He knows how to make good use of his time.
He takes pride in being punctual.
He apologized to them for taking up their time.
He is punctual.
He regrets having wasted his time.
He didn't approve of wasting time.
He is just killing time.
He laid stress on the importance of being punctual.
He is proud of his punctuality.
He prided himself on his punctuality.
He arrived in time.
He made the excuse that his watch was wrong.
He is as punctual as a clock.
He does not go without repairing the clock.
He shook it and looked again.
He fixed the watch for me.
He got his watch fixed.
He accused me of having stolen his watch.
He took apart a watch.
It is likely that he will pass the examination.
He sometimes watches TV.
He occasionally visited me.
He goes there now and again.
He sometimes indulges himself in idle speculation.
He enjoys wine sometimes, but mostly he drinks whisky.
He writes to me once in a while.
He sometimes ate out with his family.
He comes to see me once in a while.
He is sometimes absent from school.
He sometimes loses hope.
Once in a while, he leaves his umbrella on the train.
He sometimes goes to Tokyo on business.
He sometimes makes dinner for us.
He comes to visit us every now and then.
He comes to meet me sometimes.
He comes and sees me once in a while.
He comes to see my son now and then.
He wrote to me from time to time.
He doesn't travel much apart from occasional business trips.
He sometimes is absent from work without good cause.
He sometimes comes home late.
He gives me a phone call every now and then.
He writes to his mother every now and then.
All he can do is support himself.
He reads the newspaper in order to keep up with the times.
He glanced at his wristwatch now and then.
He drove the car at eighty kilometers an hour.
He was in advance of his time.
He is trying to keep up with the current of the times.
He is very good at riding the wind.
He was at a loss what to do next.
He got off at the next bus stop.
They got off at the next bus stop.
He answered as follows.
He argued as follows.
He got off at the next station.
He announced the next singer.
He is sure to make it in the next exam.
He conserved his energy for the next game.
He is the person to lead the next generation.
He said that he would be eighteen on his next birthday.
He may be on the next train.
The people in the village fell ill one after another.
He worked his way up.
He is gradually coming to the front.
He was refused medical treatment.
He has sharp hearing.
He is quick to learn.
He stuck his pencil behind his ear.
He listened, but heard nothing.
He took me aside in order to whisper in my ear.
He went there in person.
He let his greed get the better of him.
He intends to devote his life to curing the sick in India.
He fell a victim to his own ambition.
He called himself an Edison of Japan.
He addressed himself to the reporters.
He fell victim to his own ambition.
He drives his own car.
All he can do is to support himself.
All that he can do is to support himself.
He remains loyal to his principles.
He knows how to assert himself.
He is intent on advertising himself.
He is selfish and greedy.
He has a great influence on his country.
He thinks in terms of his own country.
He tried to kill himself.
He tried to kill himself but it ended in failure.
He thought he would kill himself.
He put on a suicide act.
He committed suicide.
He confined himself to his room.
He flew in the face of Jishuku.
He looked confident but his inner feelings were quite different.
He revised his opinion.
He expressed his feelings for nature in a poem.
He wanted to study further how everything in nature works.
He is too proud to ask others any question.
He tried to get it at the expense of self-respect.
He is not too poor to buy a bicycle.
He went by bicycle.
He goes to school by bicycle.
He is riding a bicycle.
He mounted his bicycle and rode away.
Can't he ride a bicycle?
He turned the dial on the bicycle lock.
He was anxious for a bicycle.
He rode his bicycle at a uniform speed.
He proposed that bicycles be taken away.
He propped his bike against the wall.
He attached the trailer to his car.
He searched his bag for his car key.
He has quite a lot of experience in driving.
He is washing his car.
He is unable to buy a car.
It is difficult for him to buy a car.
He saves the greater part of his salary with a view to buying a car.
He cannot afford to buy a car.
He cannot afford to buy a car, much less a house.
He works in the automobile industry.
He had his only son killed in an automobile accident.
He was hurt in a car accident.
He was killed in a car accident.
He was seriously injured in the car accident.
He claimed on the insurance after his car accident.
He made a spontaneous offer of help.
He surrendered of his own accord.
He contributed much money of his own accord.
He volunteered to help her.
He was sure that he would make a new discovery some day.
He behaves as if he were somebody.
He thinks he is something of a painter.
He smiled to think what a fool he had been.
He thinks he is somebody, but actually he is nobody.
He thought himself to be somebody.
He played up his achievements.
He was happy being a Jew.
He wouldn't lower himself to apologize.
He'll never admit to being in the wrong.
He acknowledged his faults.
He will never give in even when he is wrong.
He thinks himself a great poet.
He doesn't know what he's supposed to do.
He sometimes forgets what he was talking about.
He admitted that he was wrong.
He saw himself as the savior of the world.
He disclosed to me that he had been in prison.
He maintained that he was innocent.
He convinced me of his innocence.
He explained in detail what he had seen.
He is getting along well with his employees.
He confessed that he was guilty.
He is sure of winning.
He told me he was incredibly rich and owned a Ferrari, but I saw through him at once.
He's a quite humble man in spite of all he's achieved.
He was encouraged by his success.
He attributed his success to hard work.
He ascribed his success to his diligence.
He is sure that he will succeed.
He felt that the reason he was able to succeed was because of his friends' help.
He claims that he is honest.
He had the illusion that he was a genius.
He thought that he was a genius.
He is sure of passing the exam.
He is certain of winning the game.
He fancies himself ill.
He has yet to learn that he has become a father.
He told me that he was busy.
He saw there what he had dreamed about.
He asserted that he was innocent.
He affirmed himself to be innocent.
He avowed himself an atheist.
He flattered himself that he was the best actor.
He believes himself to be courageous.
He admitted that he was guilty.
He felt himself growing old.
He can't attend the meeting in person, so I'm going for him.
He did it himself.
He himself tried it.
He thinks he is somebody, but really he is nobody.
Although he thought he was helping us, he was only in the way.
He claims to be a friend, but it not such.
He had to take care of his dog himself.
He had to think for himself.
Instead of going himself, he sent his brother in his place.
He repaired his watch by himself.
He showed me a picture of his own painting.
He is engaged in an occupation of his own choice.
He prepared supper by himself.
He needn't have come himself.
He developed his own theory.
He has been telling lies about himself.
He kicked the dog which ran at him.
He's looking for a suitable job.
He's looking for someone to serve him.
Little did he know what was going on behind his back.
He tried unsuccessfully to domineer over his office workers.
He left me with his favorite book and moved to Osaka.
He is very mean with his money.
He never gives away any of his money.
He put all his money in the box.
He took pictures of me with his camera.
He put new film into his camera.
Because he was too proud of himself, he couldn't do it.
He cannot take care of himself.
He describes himself as a great statesman.
He is regretting his action.
He felt sure that market is not necessarily free and open.
He worked in his favorite maxim.
He wanted to be left alone to go about his business.
He knows what he is about.
He's working on his own behalf.
He built a new house for himself.
He was in such a good mood when his team won the championship.
He regrets his stupid acts.
He tried to rationalize his foolish actions.
He couldn't account for his foolish mistake.
He pushed his plan strongly.
He explained his plans in detail.
He tried to adapt his conduct to his new environment.
He took me over to the island in his boat.
He persisted in accomplishing his original plan.
He found all his efforts of no avail.
He brooded over the mistake he made.
He got his meaning across to me.
He criticized his rival severely.
He laughed off his own bad reputation.
He stubbornly persisted in his opinion.
He strongly persisted in arguing his opinion.
He is not ashamed of his misconduct.
He died content with his life.
He is even afraid of his own shadow.
He was reconciled to his fate.
He would not submit to his fate.
He could not help being satisfied with his lot.
He was ready to face his fate.
He made use of the opportunity to improve his English.
He ruled his kingdom fairly.
He lost his reason when he saw his house burn down.
He is thinking of disposing of his house.
He set fire to his own house.
He set his house on fire.
He has a house of his own.
He decided to part with his house.
He is talking of disposing his house.
He worked day and night so that his family could live in comfort.
He can't run his own family, let alone a nation!
He is proud of his family.
He worked hard in order to support his family.
He is unable to provide for his family.
He is very secretive in regard to his family life.
He reflected on his errors.
He was very close about his past.
He meditates on his past life.
He owned up to his fault.
He persists in his confidence.
He hid his emotions and pretended to be enthusiastic.
He could show his feeling with music instead of words.
He was conscious of his mistake.
He was not conscious of his own mistake.
He accounted for his strange acts.
What did he tell you about his hope?
He made the most of his opportunities.
He expressed his feelings in the form of a painting.
His memory had betrayed him.
He performed high duty.
I think it necessary that you should do your duty.
He may well complain about his salary.
He does not seem pleased with his condition.
He put his money in the box.
He regrets his having wasted his money.
He blushed at his folly.
He blushed at his foolish mistake.
He was ashamed of troubling you.
He turned his experience to good account.
He exaggerated his experience.
He carried out his plan.
He could not carry out his plan.
He adapted his plan to the new situation.
He is blind to his own defects.
He is aware of his own fault.
He liked to blame most of his faults and misfortunes on a tyrannical father.
He affirmed his innocence.
He became rich at the cost of his health.
He stood on his right.
He could not bear to think of his dog being sold to that cruel man.
He taught his dog some clever tricks.
He trained his dog to fetch the newspaper.
He named his dog Popeye.
He brought his dog to school.
He took pride in his dog.
He didn't spare time on his studies.
He is carrying out experiments in his laboratory.
He will regret his own words.
He has no confidence in his words.
He wants to sell his old car to a man in Kobe.
He seems to be unaware of his mistake.
He has not realized his own mistake.
He admitted his mistakes.
He compared his idea with another's.
He put down his thoughts in his notebook.
He couldn't get his ideas across to the students.
He is not good at putting his thoughts into words.
He put his thoughts on paper.
He knew how to put his ideas across.
His actions damned him.
Can he account for his action?
He calculated the consequences of his action.
He is trying to justify his act.
He is accountable to the management for what he does.
He traveled abroad in his own country.
He says he has always been true to his wife.
He drew a check for twenty thousand yen in favor of his wife.
He makes good use of his talents.
He isn't the sort of man that boasts of his abilities.
He was unconscious of his guilt.
He exhibited no remorse for his crime.
He was sure of his work's accomplishment.
He was sick of his job.
He did nothing but complain about his job.
He is weary of his work.
He is pleased with his work.
He got through his work.
He used force on his children.
He has very little interest in his children.
He always left the problem of his children's education to his wife.
He tends to get angry when he doesn't have his own way.
He succeeded in having his own way.
He is not above deceiving others to get his way.
He tends to get angry when he does not have his own way.
He gave expression to his ideas through his work.
He cares for nobody but himself.
He is planning to launch his business.
He reported his accident to the police.
He adhered to his own theory.
He is master of his own time.
He devoted all his time to the study of history.
He performed his duty at the expense of his time.
He worked at the cost of his own time.
He could not believe his ears.
He prided himself on his self-control.
He came down the hill on his bicycle.
He should reflect on his failure.
He ascribes his failure to bad luck.
He was asked to account for his failure.
He blamed the teacher for his failure.
He blamed others for his own failure.
He blamed his failure on her.
He maintains his car well.
He parked his car behind the building.
He has his own car.
He compared his car to the new model.
He overestimates his youth too much.
He was not conscious of his weak point.
He was very ashamed of not being able to make his point.
He is quite satisfied with his income.
He clings to his customs.
He waited his turn.
He draws on his childhood experiences for the material of most of his stories.
He makes himself accessible to all who seek his counsel.
He developed his business.
He has been speculating on his future.
He is uncertain about his future.
He was meditating on his future life.
He is anxious about his future.
He named his puppy Pooch.
He avowed his beliefs.
He is ashamed of his behavior.
He tried to sell the boss the new idea.
He boasted about his new camera.
He showed off his new car.
He gave away his real intention.
He had a firm belief in his God.
He put his affairs in order.
He was never content with his success.
He ascribed his success to hard work.
He referred his success to the good teaching he had had.
He is sure of success.
He attributes his success to good luck.
He is boastful of his success.
He could not adapt his way of life to the company.
He saved the drowning boy at the risk of his own life.
He isn't such a fool as to risk his life.
He saved the boy at the risk of his own life.
He married a girl of his own choice.
He tried to find out what he was up against.
He dedicated his whole life to helping poor people.
He is ashamed of his son's conduct.
He sacrificed his outstanding career to retain his dignity.
He described his own experience.
He made his son attend the meeting in his place.
His quick temper will get him in trouble one day.
He took it for granted that one knew everything that he knew.
He quarrels with every person he knows.
He decided to rent his property to that company.
He concealed his anger from the audience.
He gave them the benefit of his insight.
He ought to have made allowances for his age.
He has confidence in his ability.
He is confident of his ability.
He raises crops and cows on his farm.
He accused me of his defeat.
He made a speech out of turn.
Did he admit that he was wrong?
He cares a lot about his reputation.
He made little of his illness.
He had to reduce the price of his wares.
He ruminated over his misfortunes.
He excused himself for his bad behavior.
He told me that his father was a doctor.
He told me that his father was dead.
He told me that his father was a teacher.
He is afraid of his father.
He named his son Robert after his own father.
He named his son John after his own father.
He is always complaining of his room being small.
He complained of his room being small.
He entered his room.
He was cleaning his room.
He has his own room.
He grouped his books into five categories.
He gathered his books together.
He took his book.
He has never swayed from his duty.
He offered no specific explanation for his strange behavior.
He is unconscious of his bad manners.
He tried to convince them of his innocence.
He was ashamed of his ignorance.
He ought to be ashamed of his ignorance.
He was proud of his daughter.
He was almost asleep when he heard his name called.
He didn't hear his name called.
He heard his name called from behind.
He repeated his name slowly.
He could not so much as sign his own name.
He cannot so much as write his own name.
He can scarcely write his name.
He saved my life at the risk of his own.
He saved the baby at the cost of his life.
He saved the drowning child at the cost of his own life.
He saved her at the cost of his own life.
He saved his daughter from the fire at the cost of his own life.
He could not believe his eyes.
He carried out all his aims.
He put terms on his problem.
He's living his role to the hilt.
He carried out all his promises.
He admitted his guilt.
He fitted his schedule to mine.
He has too much pride in his appearance.
He acknowledged his fault.
He is acting on his own behalf.
He acted in his own interest.
He wants to embody his ideal.
He applied his theory to some cases.
He explained his position to me.
He did not make his position clear.
He confided in me about his love affair.
He boasted about his skills.
He is eager for the chance to prove himself.
He thinks himself better than other people.
He was ignorant of the plot to assassinate him.
He considered himself lucky.
I don't think he'll be able to do it by himself.
He reared three children by himself.
He did so of his own accord.
He kept back the part about himself.
He hated his own kind.
He was angry with himself.
He won't say anything about himself.
He is not conscious of his own faults.
He reflected on his own thoughts.
He cannot write his own name.
He saved his friend at the risk of his own life.
He has a telephone to himself.
With all his boasting, he is a coward.
He is free to go there.
He gave me all the money at his command.
He is free to spend his money.
He is now on his own.
He has made his way in life.
He could make his way in life.
He looked up the word in the dictionary.
He has more than five dictionaries.
He was at a loss to explain where he had put the dictionary.
He hid his dictionary out of sight.
He reached for the dictionary.
He resigned from his office.
Did he hand in his resignation?
He was eventually prevailed upon to accept the appointment.
He played an important part like an axis.
He lived to be seventy years old.
He held his tongue while he was being scolded.
He hurried on to make up for lost time.
He has lost his job.
He was forced into unemployment.
It is said that he is likely to fail.
His failure led him to drink every night.
He worked hard lest he should fail.
He steeled himself against possible failure.
He studied hard for fear he should fail.
He worked hard for fear that he should fail.
He says he is above failure.
He made amends for his mistakes.
He is ashamed of his failure.
He blamed the failure on his brother.
He attributed his failure to bad luck.
He took the liberty of writing to the lady.
He was heartbroken from unrequited love.
He said so out of envy.
He studied interior decoration.
He redeemed his watch from the pawnbroker.
He led a simple life.
He raised his hand to ask a question.
He is above asking questions.
He seemed quite puzzled how to answer the question.
He gave correct answers to the questions.
He repeated his question.
He is so nice a fellow.
He is a super-hard worker, so I'm sure he'll make good at his new business.
He guessed the answers with great accuracy.
He is an extremely frank person.
He is clever indeed.
He certainly is smart.
He is, indeed, a hard worker.
He is a most brave man.
He does speak well.
He was in reality a criminal.
He had business at his family's home so he went at once.
Besides being a businessman, he is a musician.
He's an acute businessman.
He was ambitious of success in business.
He has a good record as a businessman.
He has a strong influence over the business world.
He used pigeons in his experiment.
He explained why the experiment failed.
He carried on with his experiment.
He actually didn't see the accident.
He hasn't actually been to America.
He actually did it.
He is really a Hercules.
He makes believe that he is a practical statesman, but in really he is a cunning politician.
He illustrated the problem with an example.
He adores going to the theater.
He is lying on the grass.
He comes out well in photographs.
He took a picture.
He is good at taking photos.
He tore the photographs into pieces.
He belongs to the camera club.
He is a good shot.
He was able to ski down the slope.
He felt alienated from society.
He is a danger to society.
He did it for the good of the community.
He contributed to the good of the community.
He is doing research in sociology.
He abandoned socialism.
He claims to be a socialist, and yet he has two houses and a Rolls Royce.
He lacks consciousness that he is a member of society.
He majors in social anthropology.
He despises people of a lower social class.
He is anxious to get back into circulation.
He is working for social welfare.
He's building up a network of acquaintances outside his office.
He is very sociable.
He has a sociable disposition.
He wasn't conscious of the president's decision to drop the line.
He made it known where the president had gone.
He was dispensed from all responsibilities of the president.
He is the boss's private secretary.
He aspired to the position of president.
He got his position by presidential appointment.
He did not even have the grace to apologize.
His car isn't here, so he must have gone.
He doesn't care if his car is dirty.
He was tumbled out of the car.
He loves cars, while his brother hates them.
He came by car.
He went to Boston by car.
He drove slowly up the hill.
He drove to school.
He started from Tokyo for Osaka by car.
He put a cover over his car.
He spent all of his money on a car.
He was knocked over by the car.
He invited us to get in the car.
He was run over by a car.
He was run over and killed.
He is bad at driving.
He does not know how to drive a car.
He got out from under the car.
He confirmed that something was wrong with his car.
He put the skis on top of the car.
He bargained that he should not have to pay for the car till the next month.
Was he in the car or by the car?
He is familiar with the names of cars.
He cannot buy a car, still less a house.
He has two cars; one is a Benz and the other is a Porsche.
He parked his car in front of the building.
He backed his car into the garage.
When he tried to back into the garage, he mistakenly gunned the engine and backed into the wall.
He had the car fixed in no time at all.
He drives a car, doesn't he?
He is old enough to drive.
He accelerated his car and overtook me.
He scraped his car on the utility pole at the corner.
He told me that I could use his car.
He stopped the car.
He started washing his car.
He is washing the car.
He is washing a car.
He ran the car into a lamppost.
As he wants to buy a car, he puts aside money.
He has sold his car, so he goes to the office by train.
He wants to sell his car, and I want to buy one.
He is engaged in selling cars.
He parked his car beside the sidewalk.
He has an abhorrence of snakes.
He gave back all the money he had borrowed.
He sometimes forgets to take books back to the library.
He might pay me some of the money he owes.
He was deeply in debt. And he and his family skipped town.
He was deep in debt, and had to part with his house.
He demanded payment of the debt.
He ran into debt.
He paid all his debts, which is the proof of his honesty.
He did not pay the debt and disappeared.
He obtained a release from his debt.
He came crawling to me to ask for a loan.
His debts were piling up.
He is young, and yet he is prudent.
Isn't he a young American student?
Though he is young, he is quite polite.
Though young, he is an able man.
He is young, but he is an able man.
Though young, he is wise.
Young as he is, he has a large family to provide for.
Young as he is, he is a good leader.
Young as he is, he is very careful.
Young as he is, he is quite intelligent.
Though he is young, he is equal to the task.
Though he is young, he never wastes time.
Young as he is, he is a good doctor.
Young as he is, he is equal to the task.
He is young, but experienced.
Young as he is, he is a good lawyer.
Young as he is, he is clever.
He seems to have been a very popular actor when he was young.
He could swim very well when he was young.
Early in life he showed a talent for painting.
He could ski well when he was young.
He used to get up early when he was young.
When he was young, he had an arrogant air.
He seems to have been in poor health when young.
They say that he was ambitious when young.
He is young and, what is more, handsome.
He was excused on the ground that he was young.
It is said that he worked very hard in his younger days.
Young as he is, he is not equal to the task.
He is still not old enough to go there all alone.
For such a young man, he's quite a solid person.
He cannot be young.
He did very good work allowing for his youth.
He was terribly poor when he was young.
He went through a lot when he was younger.
He would sometimes study late at night when young.
He seems to have had a hard life in his youth.
When he was young, he sometimes played soccer.
He got into the habit of smoking in his youth.
He acquired French when he was young.
It is said that he studied law when he was young.
He was very wild in his youth.
He was better off when he was young.
When he was young, he would often watch baseball.
He studied hard in his youth, and it contributed to his success in later years.
They say he was a musician when he was young.
He lived a wretched life when young.
He often turned up at parties without an invitation in his days.
He could run fast when he was young.
He went through many hardships in his youth.
He is ashamed of having been idle in his youth.
He regrets having been idle when he was young.
He seems to have been poor when he was young.
He is said to have been very poor when he was young.
When he was young, he was the talk of town.
He is said to have been weak when he was young.
He regrets having been idle when young.
He used to play the violin in his youth.
He sat surrounded by young girls.
He was edged out of office by a group of younger men.
He likes to be surrounded by youth.
Young as he was, he was a man of ability.
Though young, he had to support his large family.
Young as he was, he was equal to the task.
He is young and inexperienced, but quite enterprising.
He appeared young.
He looks young, but actually he is over forty.
He looks young, but in reality he is past thirty.
He was too young to live alone.
He looks young.
He is high in favor with the youths.
He tends to take sides with the weaker party.
He just loves to bully people.
He was a weak and delicate child.
He loved and helped weak people.
He was weak as a rat, and had no appetite.
He has a deep feeling for the weak.
He is not eager to unveil his main argument.
He fought bravely in behalf of a cause.
He sticks to his principles.
He stuck to his principle.
He thanked his host for a most enjoyable party.
He was chosen captain.
He worked all the harder because his master praised him.
He served his master well.
He recoiled before his master's anger.
He did a check on the quality.
He is a hard man to approach.
He made a favorable impression on his bank manager.
He wrote a letter of inquiry to his business contact.
He reads books at random.
He has a good hand.
He accompanies his words with blows.
He's quick with his hands.
He has big hands.
He is clumsy with his hands.
He tried to grasp the rail.
He was leaning against the rail.
He used his hand to screen the sunlight from his eyes.
He rubbed his eyes with his hands.
He came at me with a knife in his hand.
He put a Band-Aid on his hand.
He was holding a pen in his hand.
His hands were empty.
He will accept any money he can get.
He had a book in his hand.
He gave a blow with the flat of his hand.
He warmed his hands.
He raised his arm.
He did not put up his hand.
He held on to my hand tightly.
He rested his hand on my shoulder.
He really gets into anything he tries.
He raised his hand and smiled.
He reached his hand out, and tried to pick the fruit, but couldn't.
He reached out his hand for the knife, but it was too far away.
He reached out and took down a small leather bound book.
He reached for the book.
He waved goodbye to us.
He waved me away.
He helped an old lady get up from her seat.
He helped an old lady to get up from her seat.
He made a lot of easy money.
He had a little piano on wheels, and a poor thin monkey which sat on top of it.
He likes to play hardball with people.
He had three pieces of baggage.
He voiced his opinion in a letter to the Newsweek magazine.
He put a stamp on the letter.
He neither wrote nor telephoned.
He shoved the letter into his pocket.
He threw the letter into the fire.
He went to New York as soon as he got the letter.
He will be writing a letter.
He has written a letter.
He will have written a letter.
He had been writing a letter.
He will have been writing a letter.
He has been writing a letter.
He went to the post office to mail the letter.
He handed the letter to the secretary.
He tore up his letter into small bits and threw them out the window.
He has submitted to an operation.
He's bound hand and foot.
He is wearing gloves.
He answered in brief.
He stood beside me without so much as helping me.
He asked questions at random.
He listened to his CDs at random.
He bought books at random.
He is as ready to talk as to work.
He amused the children by showing them some magic.
He produced a rabbit out of his hat by magic.
He freely praised her.
He is a man of ability.
He likes to hunt.
He raised tomato plants from seed.
He tried many different methods.
He has elegant tastes.
He has nothing in common with her as to their tastes.
Drinking was his ruin.
He's giving himself up to drink.
He is given to drink.
He refrained from drinking too much.
He restricted his drinking to one beer a day.
He ruined his body by drinking too much.
He drinks to excess.
He never drinks without complaining about his son.
He gets a little bold after he's had a few drinks.
He is old enough to drink.
He was driving under the influence of alcohol.
He hanged himself.
He shook his head.
He shook his head up and down.
He shook his head back and forth.
He had an interview with the Prime Minister.
He was forced to resign as prime minister.
He committed suicide by hanging himself.
He succeeded in swimming across the river.
He succeeded in entering the university.
He is not qualified to take the examination.
He put the phone down.
He picked up the phone.
He took up the receiver and dialed.
He did not enjoy his lessons.
He lingered in the classroom after school was over.
He wanted to absent himself from the class.
He absented himself from classes.
He is always taking a nap at school.
He had his head in the clouds in class.
He was caught reading a comic book in class.
He was asleep during the lesson.
He lives up to his income.
He tried to make both ends meet.
He lives beyond his income.
He is too much superior to those about him to be quickly understood.
He had great influence on those around him.
He is interested in anything that has to do with religion.
He has no religious mind.
He is so old that he can go to school.
He grabbed the chance to get a job.
He declined the job-offer very politely.
Before retiring he usually dumps the chicken feed from all his pockets onto the table.
All having been spent on repairs, he applied to the bank for the loan.
He was the last but two to arrive.
He ended by quoting the Bible.
He was released from prison immediately after the war.
He may have missed the last train.
He is conservative in his habits.
He wrestled his attacker to the ground.
He writes me once a week.
He works a few days a week, and gets a little money.
He works beyond office hours twice a week.
He works few days a week, and gets little money.
He goes to a tutorial school three days a week.
He is paid by the week.
He plays golf on weekends.
He often stays away from home on the weekend.
He is going to stay with his uncle for the weekend.
He took adequate clothes for a weekend trip.
He had to address the meeting.
He lives in a little cozy house.
He's looking for a place to live.
He had no house to live in.
He changed his address.
He told me his address, but unfortunately I had no paper to write it down on.
He crossed himself.
He came at seven minutes after ten.
He left high school at seventeen.
He is late for meetings nine times out of ten.
He will come nine cases out of ten.
I saw him after ten years.
He has been living in the cabin by himself for more than ten years.
He has been dead for ten years.
He's quite able at his job.
He is well able to pay the charge.
He does not study hard enough.
He refused my offer for no good reason.
He is well able to read.
He is inaccessible to his employees.
He treats his employees well.
He fired most of his men.
He dismissed most of his men.
He departed from the old custom.
He made a little statue out of soft clay.
He mentioned to me that he would go shopping in Shibuya.
He could not come because of his serious illness.
He panted under a heavy load.
He was seriously ill, and the doctor was sent for.
Though seriously injured, he managed to get to a telephone.
He was relieved of his heavy responsibility.
He has made a significant decision.
He made a grave mistake.
He was given an important mission.
He made an important discovery.
He committed a serious crime.
He was very sick but his health is improving.
They say that he is seriously ill.
He is seriously ill and unlikely to recover.
He is suffering from a serious illness.
He picked out some important idioms.
He made an important scientific discovery.
He is a person of importance.
He is accustomed to hard work.
He is framed for hard work.
He'll have to do without a gun.
He laid down the gun.
He's staying with his uncle.
He was put through university with money left by his uncle.
He is named Jim after his uncle.
He will visit his uncle.
He stayed at his aunt's house.
He was busy with his homework.
He overlooked his assignment.
After he had finished his homework, he went out for a walk.
He must finish his homework today.
It took him two hours to finish his homework.
He leaves his homework half-finished.
He studies at a cram school.
He is an adept climber.
He enjoys a good reputation as a specialist in brain surgery.
He is a proficient pianist.
He was welcomed wherever he went.
He stayed at home all day instead of going out.
All of a sudden, he proposed to me.
He did not go out, but sat down.
He shouted, "Get out!"
He flirts with every woman he meets.
He doesn't seem to want to get ahead.
His career culminated in the presidency.
He wants to advance in the world.
He said under oath that he was born in Italy.
His attendance is irregular.
He was absent at roll call.
He was laughed at by all the people present.
He got ready for departure.
He advanced his departure by two days.
He decided to postpone his departure.
He decided he would put off his departure.
He put off his departure till Sunday.
He has postponed his departure until tomorrow.
He is in the publishing business.
He has powerful connections in the publishing industry.
He played the game as best he could.
He tried to keep dry as best he could.
He failed in the examination for lack of preparation.
He's a genuine aristocrat.
He rose to the rank of sergeant.
He will graduate from university in if things go well.
He has played his card out of turn.
He is on a roll.
He made his mark as a writer with his very first novel.
His maiden work established his reputation.
Although he is elderly, he looks young.
He fainted from the heat, but his wife's patient nursing brought him to.
He was affected by the heat.
He had no appetite because of the heat.
He went around the neighborhood collecting signatures.
When he writes, he always keeps a dictionary at hand.
He earns his bread as a writer.
He can't even read, let alone write.
He is in his library.
He closeted himself in his study.
He bought a number of books at the bookstore.
He told the bookstore keeper that he would come there again to buy the book that afternoon.
He showed little interest in books or music.
He was forced to sign the document.
He didn't even look over the papers.
He finished sorting the papers.
He took a glance at the papers.
He dumped the papers back into the drawer.
He folded his paper, consulting his watch.
He read the document aloud.
He deposited his papers with his lawyer.
He called for help.
He gave a loud cry for help.
He didn't come to help, but to hinder us.
He has only to ask for help.
He cried out for help in a loud voice.
He heard a cry for help.
He gave me not only advice but also money.
He has no friends to advise him.
He can look to his uncle for advice.
He placed great belief in his assistant.
Women didn't care for him.
He rescued a girl from drowning and was given a reward.
He's always chasing girls.
He's just showing off in front of the girls.
He watched the girls playing tennis.
He has no eye for women.
He was given three ships by the queen.
He bowed to the Queen.
He is a woman hater.
He teaches in a girls' high school.
He had a prejudice against women drivers.
He is only too pleased to be advised by a woman.
He disguised himself as a woman.
He had a gentleness that was attractive to women.
He doesn't approve of women smoking.
He's the kind of guy who doesn't take women seriously.
He looks down on women.
He is a hen-pecked husband.
He married an actress.
He is getting used to this rural life by degrees.
He gradually came to love his father.
He gradually recovered his temper.
He was ruled out.
He made believe not to be hurt.
He lay injured on the ground.
He had his wounds dressed.
He said he would win and he did, too.
Do you doubt that he will win?
He hopes he'll win and I hope so too.
He flatters himself he will win.
He voiced his opinion with reckless abandon.
It looks like he will win.
He burned for his moment of triumph.
He bragged of having won the victory.
He is rich enough to keep a servant.
He is in business.
He is able in business.
He could not make it in business.
He employed dishonest means in his business.
His business has come to a standstill.
His failure in business compelled him to sell his house.
He was experienced in business.
He is the last person to succeed in business.
He sold his business and retired.
He wants to engage in business.
He is planning to develop his business.
He set up in business.
He went to New York on business.
He often goes abroad on business.
He came up to Tokyo on business.
Business carried him to Kobe.
He is absent on business in Osaka.
He went to Tokyo on business.
He traveled on business.
He studied hard with a view to gaining a scholarship.
He studied on a scholarship.
He is likely to win the scholarship.
He will be a Newton in the future.
He hopes to run a company in the future.
He wants to be a policeman in the future.
He'll have many hardships to go through in the future.
He wants to be an Edison in the future.
He wants to become a cook in the future.
He will be a Shakespeare in the future.
He staked his future on this single chance.
He wants to be a doctor in the future.
He wants to be a scientist in the future.
He is a potential leader.
I think of him as a promising journalist.
He is a promising young businessman.
He was small, but strong.
He's adept at jumping into profitable niches.
He has a large desk in his small room.
He is too young to go swimming alone.
He crossed the river in a small boat.
He came across the Atlantic in a small sailboat.
He was able to build a small house.
He keeps a small poultry yard.
He made a small dog house.
He is sailing a little boat on the water.
He grew up in a little village.
He saved a little boy from drowning.
He is in fourth grade of elementary school.
He is a primary school teacher, so he is used to dealing with children.
He took her cubs, and ran up the mountain without looking back.
He had an old pickup truck and a big, battered mower.
He tied the twigs into bundles.
He signed the check.
He is now writing a sister volume to his novel.
He prefers poetry to fiction.
He is writing a novel.
He sat down to read a novel.
He sat up all night reading a novel.
He is a novelist and poet.
He is not so much a novelist as a poet.
I think he is not so much a novelist as he is a scholar.
He is a critic rather than a novelist.
He is known to us all as a novelist.
He won fame as a novelist.
He is a novelist and artist.
He is two years older than Ogawa.
He didn't dare to jump the brook.
He aimed at the bird.
He has a small frame.
He sent out the parcel the day before yesterday.
He saved money little by little, so that he could build a new house.
He is getting better bit by bit.
He will get better little by little.
He recovered little by little.
He has recovered little by little.
He dug the hole bit by bit.
He will return if only a little.
He made the soup by mixing a little meat with some rice.
Is he anything like handsome?
He spoke with a suggestion of sarcasm in his voice.
He is always on the move.
He can't swim at all, but when it comes to skiing, he is the best.
He is no kind of musician.
He is nothing of a scholar.
He didn't do a stitch of work.
He made no manifestation of his disappointment.
He shows no mark of progress.
He grew no fatter.
He drank a little.
He likes sports that have a touch of risk.
He said, "Let's take a short rest."
He continued his work after a short break.
He arrived shortly after.
He's somewhat hard of hearing, so please speak louder.
He left a while ago.
He seems to have a touch of fever.
He looks a bit tired.
He looks a bit tired, doesn't he?
He gave me what little money he had about him.
He has not a little interest in music.
He has no less than five English books.
He has at least one thousand books.
He reads ten books a month at least.
He washes his car at least once a week.
He pulls down at least twenty million yen a year.
He grouped the girls in three rows.
He bent over the girl and kissed her.
He took a glance at the girl.
He's a bit of a drunkard.
He has a knowledge of English.
He is a bit on the heavy side.
He caught a boy stealing his watch.
He was very naughty when he was a little boy.
He seized the boy by the arm.
He was very naughty in his boyhood.
He was naughty when a boy.
He put a touch of salt on a boiled egg.
He picked up a handkerchief from the floor.
He is confined to bed now.
As soon as he went to bed, he fell asleep.
He was sitting on the floor.
He laid himself flat on the floor.
He fell down on the floor.
He dropped his books on the floor.
He lay at full length on the floor.
He was standing on the floor.
He looked down at the floor.
He put his foot through the floor.
He withheld his consent.
He is very reluctant to accept the invitation.
He threw away his chance of promotion.
He is qualified for promotion.
He is out for promotion.
He is angling for promotion.
He lived in Matsue for seven years.
He called up his uncle on reaching Matsuyama.
He has a passive character.
He made up his mind to be a fireman.
He played a hose on the burning hotel.
He was embarrassed.
He was made a fool of.
All he could do was resist laughing.
It was all he could do not to laugh.
He laughed.
He does nothing but laugh.
He tried to laugh her out of her foolish belief.
He was afraid of being laughed at.
He greeted me with a smile.
He cloaks his wickedness under a smiling face.
He was borne away by an impulse.
He was confronted with the evidence.
He was called to give evidence.
He gave no further detail.
He explained it in detail.
He carved designs in ivory.
He didn't jump high enough to win a prize.
He boasted of having won the prize.
He deposited the prize money in the bank.
He was looking upward to the sky.
He was in good spirits.
He came up to Tokyo, and there married her.
Every time he comes up to Tokyo, he never fails to call me up.
Whenever he comes up to Tokyo, he stays with us.
Whenever he comes up to Tokyo, he stays at our house.
He pretends to be enthusiastic when his boss is around.
He has his superiors' confidence.
He is in with the boss.
He knows better than to fight with his boss.
He attempted to sidestep a conflict with his chief.
He is always complaining about his boss.
He handed in his resignation to his boss.
He's in good odor with the chief.
He breathed deeply before entering his boss's office.
He attended the meeting in place of his boss.
He made believe not to hear his boss.
He gets along badly with his boss.
He cannot help accepting his boss's order.
He planned to murder his boss, but did not carry it out.
He coaxed extra money from his mother.
He plays the guitar well.
He handled the knife and fork very well.
He can handle English well.
He speaks Japanese well, but I can't speak German.
He burned a hole in his coat.
He zipped up his jacket.
He took a key from his coat pocket.
He noticed a hole in his jacket, but he tried to ignore it.
He hung up his coat.
He was reading a newspaper in his shirt sleeves.
He took off his coat and put it on again.
He had no coat on.
He hung his coat on a hook.
He was bare to the waist.
He was made to work all day by the boss.
He is in disfavour with his superiors.
He is in favor with his superiors.
He belongs to the upper class.
He is said to have been strong.
He is on board ship.
He is good at riding a horse.
He was brought up to riding.
He laughed at my joke.
He doesn't see a joke.
When he saw the joke, he laughed in spite of himself.
He said so only by way of a joke.
He said so by way of a joke.
He carried a joke too far.
He entertained us with jokes all evening.
He hit the ball out of bounds.
He was always on the side of the weak against the strong.
He studies day and night.
He was always on the people's side.
He has no common sense.
He lacks the merest grain of common sense.
He is wanting in common sense.
He is lacking in common sense.
He must be lacking in common sense.
He is a man of warm heart.
He was borne away by passion.
He'll get hold of us as soon as he has the information.
He got all his information from secondary sources.
He promised to provide information.
He knows the situation well enough.
He sized up the situation and acted immediately.
It took him a while to realize the situation.
He lay on the mat at full length.
He succeeded in applying steam to navigation.
He is a plain, modest person.
He sensed that threat early in his career.
He is seeking employment.
He is worried about losing his job.
He was thrown out of work.
He came to New York in order to look for a job.
He is after a job.
He elected painting as a career.
He abuses his authority.
He is still at work in the workroom.
He is busy with job hunting.
He was brushed with duties.
He was accused of being neglectful of his duties.
He performed his duties faithfully.
He was assigned a task.
He was negligent of his duties.
He is weighted down with various cares.
He has done marvels.
He fell ill because he ate too much.
He makes it a rule not to eat too much.
He went on reading while he ate.
He is very fond of eating.
He said grace before eating.
He does not need to eat, he is just greedy.
He died from eating too much.
He was cautious about overeating.
As soon as he finished eating, he began to walk again.
He gave me food and money as well.
He is very particular about his food.
He is a very fussy eater.
He is indifferent to what he eats.
She is particular about food.
He gave me clothes as well as food.
He rose to his feet before the meal was over.
He complained to her about the food.
He washed her dirty hands before the meal.
He devoured his meal.
He began his meal by drinking half a glass of ale.
He is eating.
He was at dinner.
He is in the habit of reading a paper while taking a meal.
He spoke with his mouth full at table.
He sat at the head of the table.
He found a job with a food company.
He asked for food.
He has a good appetite.
He has a large store of food.
He is lazy.
He turned his tail and ran.
He is a man of strong faith.
He is a man of faith.
He cannot be trusted.
He is a man to be trusted.
He lost his honor.
He is not a man to rely on.
He can be relied on.
He has a good name for reliability.
He is not a man to be trusted.
He is a reliable person and has a strong sense of responsibility.
I believe that he is a reliable man.
He is a man whom we can trust.
He was respected as a hero because he defended his country against the invaders.
He sat up all night.
He went to bed.
He had to stay in bed.
Is he sleeping?
He drank plenty of black coffee so as not to fall asleep.
He took a look at the newspaper before going to bed.
He makes a point of doing ten push-ups before going to bed.
He set the alarm before going to bed.
He overslept himself.
He came downstairs out of the bedroom for breakfast.
He went over to the other side.
He greeted her with cordiality.
He is looked up to for his breadth of mind.
He'd better watch out, or Mulligan is going to wipe the floor with him.
He could do nothing but give up his plan against his will.
He thought to himself, "No!" Aloud he said, "Yes."
He turned over the matter in his mind.
He laughed a hearty laugh.
He welcomed the news from his heart.
He is kind at heart.
His presence of mind deserted him.
He sang to his heart's content.
He enjoyed the vacation to his heart's content.
He read to his heart's content.
He steeled himself against compassion.
He is sound in both mind and body.
He felt his heart beating fast.
He has a bad heart.
He is the foremost authority on heart surgery.
He died of a heart attack.
He is a good man at heart.
His anxiety was such that he could hardly sleep.
He sat brooding over his troubles all day.
He has a doctor's degree in psychology.
He is a careful player.
He performed his duty with deliberation.
He is a careful worker.
He turned around and looked back.
He looked back and smiled at me.
He is very peculiar in his behavior.
He manifested his character in his behavior.
He employed a new maid.
I heard that he bought a new computer.
He's always playing up to the boss, in hopes of getting a new PC in his office.
He's getting on well in his new business.
He recently traded in his jeep for a new Mercedes.
He not only made the plan of a new house but built it himself.
He built a new house.
He borrowed money from the bank to finance his home.
He quickly accustomed himself to his new surroundings.
He is quick to adapt to new circumstances.
He tried to adapt himself to his new surroundings.
He couldn't adapt to new circumstances.
He operated the new machine.
He bought a new pair of shoes.
He tried putting on his new shoes.
He engages himself in every new project.
He is working on the new plan.
He intends to bring out a new monthly magazine.
He lost himself in his new research.
He embarked on a new study.
He has lots of new ideas.
It seems that he is happy with his new job.
He didn't get on well in his new job.
He will surely succeed in his new job.
I'm sure he will make good in the new job.
He's thrilled with his new job.
He was in a hurry to begin the new job.
He went to Tokyo for the purpose of getting a new job.
He absorbed new ideas.
He embarked on a new enterprise.
He needed capital to start a new business.
He showed off his new watch.
He was eager to display his new bicycle to his friends.
He is going to buy a new bicycle next week.
He was eager to show off his new bicycle to his friends.
He is so crazy about his new car that he goes driving every Sunday.
He wants to get a new dictionary.
He is pleased with his new car.
He has a new car and an old car.
He can't afford to buy a new car.
He has bought a new car.
He wants a new car.
He bought a new pair of gloves.
He has set up a new business.
He is working on a new novel.
He is engaged upon a new novel.
He worked very hard to raise his family in the new place.
I hope he will make good in his new position.
He had decided on a new policy.
He discovered a new star.
He adapted himself to his new life.
He got accustomed to the new way of living.
He has the problem of adapting to a new way of life.
He gave us an explanation about the new billing system.
He is wild to buy a new motorcycle.
He used a wire to connect the new light.
He engaged a new secretary.
He had a new suit made.
He worked out a new formula.
He has begun on a new book.
He risked his whole fortune to discover new oil fields.
He claimed that he had discovered a new comet.
He demonstrated new vacuum cleaners.
He advanced a new plan.
He went to America for the purpose of learning a new method of producing crops.
He bought a new car.
He bought a new car. He had had his old one for more than ten years.
He lost his way in Shinjuku Station.
He made a killing in his new business.
He started a new life.
He showed a lot of enthusiasm for the development of new products.
He went outside for a breath of fresh air.
He opened the window to let in some fresh air.
He is engaged in developing new materials.
He insured his new house against fire.
He cut the advertisement out of the newspaper.
He purposed writing something for the paper.
He ran an ad in the paper.
He wanted to be in the newspapers.
He wanted to publish his photographs in the newspapers.
He answered an advertisement in the paper and got the job.
He peered at the small print in a newspaper.
He was reading a paper upside down.
He sent his son out to get the newspaper.
He picked up the newspaper and glanced casually over the front page.
He likes to read newspapers.
He stopped reading the newspaper.
He makes it a rule to go over the financial section every time he reads the paper.
He was reading a newspaper.
He delivers newspapers.
He ran away in the direction of the wood.
He walked in the forest, with birds singing cheerfully above his head.
He got lost in the course of walking in the woods.
He went hunting in the woods.
He passed through the woods.
He gave a deep sigh.
He is a man of profound knowledge.
He fell into a deep sleep.
Deeply moved, he tried to express his thanks.
He breathed deeply.
He was absorbed in deep thought.
He is a man with profound learning.
He could not breathe deeply.
He took a deep breath.
Besides those serious problems, he had to contend with all sorts of people.
He was cured of his heavy drinking.
He bent his head low.
He was deceived by the late night television shopping network and paid high prices.
He accepted our offer.
He deemed it wise to accept the offer.
He declined the offer and so did I.
He working all right.
He is gifted with perfect wisdom.
He fell head over heels into the pool.
He was ablaze with anger.
He had his car stolen in broad daylight.
He came straight up to me.
He keeps a straight face while telling a ridiculous story.
It occurred to me that he might not tell the truth.
He told the truth.
He believed in the truth.
He seems to have known the truth.
It seems that he knows the truth.
He stopped looking for the pearl.
He could not rest until he knew the truth.
He is of a serious turn of mind.
He gave me a ring at midnight.
He did not return home till midnight.
He prayed to God to help the poor girl.
He showed great reverence towards the pictures of the god.
He doesn't believe in God.
He worked under divine guidance.
He suffered a nervous breakdown.
He went as far as Kobe by train.
He is a gentleman. He cannot have said such a thing.
He is a gentleman and ought to be treated as such.
He is a gentleman.
He was born and bred a gentleman.
He is no gentleman.
He is my close friend.
He became a singer against his parents wishes.
He picked up a butterfly between his thumb and forefinger.
He built on his father's fortune.
He is staying with his relatives.
He seems kind.
He looks very kind, but he is unpleasant.
He is kindness itself.
He is kind, and, what is still better, very honest.
He is a kind and nice fellow.
He is kind and gentle, and what is better still, honest.
He is more gentle than kind.
He was kind enough to tell me the truth.
People like him because he is kind.
He is a kind boy.
I found that he was a kind man.
He seems a kind man.
He had a kind manner.
He was a very kind man, but his verbosity was exasperating.
He was kind enough to show me the post office.
He was so kind as to lend us some money.
He had the goodness to come all the way to see me.
He was kind enough to invite me.
He was kind enough to show me the way to the station.
He had the kindness to show me the way to the theater.
He was kind enough to see that I wanted for nothing.
He was so kind as to help us.
He was kind enough to lend me some money.
He was so kind as to show me the way to the station.
He was kind enough to lend me money.
He had the kindness to find me a job.
He was kind enough to show me the way to the library.
He was so kind as to offer his seat to me.
He was so kind as to show me around the town.
He was kind enough to show me the way.
He was kind enough to give me something cold to drink.
He had the kindness to supply me with my school expenses.
He was kind enough to tie my shoelaces.
He had the kindness to help me with my work.
He was kind enough to help me with my homework.
He was very kind to invite me to his birthday party.
He was kind enough to take me to the bus stop.
He was so kind as to see me home.
He had the kindness to help me.
He was foolish enough to believe it.
He had the kindness to take me to the hospital.
He was kind enough to take us over to the island in his boat.
He was so kind as to give the old man his seat.
He had the kindness to show me the way.
He was kind enough to help me with my studies.
He has a hunger for kindness after fame.
He seems to be friendly.
He did it out of kindness.
He succeeded to his father's business.
He grieved at the death of his best friend.
He is independent of his parents.
He disagrees with his relatives.
He is well dressed, but he is anything but a gentleman.
He is aware of his danger.
He lamented his hard fate.
He wept over his misfortunes.
He motioned us away.
He leaned over her and said, "No, I'm not lying."
He began to study with a will.
He didn't reveal his identity.
He felt himself seized by a strong arm from behind.
He felt himself lifted up.
He is five feet tall.
He is a man of position.
He is a man of high social status.
He lives within his means.
He barely escaped death.
He was patient.
He has learned to be patient.
He was willing to care for that cat.
He readily agreed to my proposal.
He was willing to work for others.
He is a man with enterprise.
He hurt his finger with a needle.
He tends to get angry when people oppose him.
He is kind of person no one would turn to for help.
He seems nice, but he's wicked at heart.
He had his pocket picked in the crowd.
He elbowed his way through the crowd.
She glimpsed him running through the crowd.
He doesn't mix well.
He cut a fine figure in company.
He has a friendly nature.
He is not such a stingy man as he is made out to be.
He deals fairly with people.
He is just to a person.
He's got a commanding manner about him.
He is fond of gossip.
He is not such a mean fellow as will speak against other people.
He tried not to hurt others' feelings.
He defends suicide on the grounds that one's self-dignity is more important.
He is apt to forget people's name.
He is apt to forget people's names.
He has a habit of moving his head up and down when he is listening to a conversation.
He is poor at listening to a person's story.
He is eager to please.
He finds pleasure in watching people.
He has an eye for people.
He leads you by the nose if you let him.
He is a man of character.
He had established a solid reputation as a man of character.
He was devoid of human feeling.
He is a devil in human shape.
He has a deep insight into human psychology.
He got four dolls, of which three were made in China.
He is shy of strangers.
He ordered them to survey population growth.
He revived the child with artificial respiration.
He lost sight of his friend in the crowd.
He disappeared in the crowd.
He lost himself quickly in the crowd.
He made his way through the crowd.
He is not guilty of murder.
He fought against racial discrimination.
He condemned racial discrimination as evil.
He is not a person who has strong racial prejudice.
He always stands off when people are enthusiastic.
He knew little about the people.
He liberated the people from bondage.
He tried to awake people from their ignorance.
He was glad to avail himself of any means to succeed in life.
He has only one aim in life, to make money.
He has no definite object in life.
He drifted aimlessly through life.
He has a firm purpose in life.
He has tasted the bitters and sweets of life.
His life was full of drama.
He was a brave warrior who had spent most of his life fighting his enemies.
Life passed him by.
He was brought up against the realities of life.
He lived abroad for much of his life.
He has a notion that life is a voyage.
He sees all life in terms of money.
He has seen much of the world.
He was dressed down in public.
He was laughed at in public.
He hasn't said anything publicly, but in confidence he told me he's getting married.
He said he wasn't used to speaking in public.
He is accustomed to speaking in public.
He's used to speaking in public.
He is used to speaking in public.
He is an agreeable person.
She is not so much unsociable as bashful.
He's fed up with socializing.
He is an authority on the humanities.
He cannot afford the common comforts of life.
He was a god to his people.
He was proud that he was selected by the people.
He was praised for saving a life.
He lived in a house remote from the village.
Living as he did in the remote countryside, he seldom came into town.
He lives in a farmhouse remote from the world.
He illustrated his theory with diagrams.
He explained by means of diagrams.
He still hasn't returned the book he borrowed from the library.
Does he still have that book he borrowed from the library?
He had the nerve to say that.
He belongs to the brass band.
He amused himself by reading a detective story.
He jumped across the puddle.
He drank the whisky as if it were water.
He took some deep breaths before he dived.
He jumped into the water.
He dived into the water and came up for air.
He is tremendously handsome.
He asked for a drink of water.
He drank three glasses of water.
He must have left the water running.
He left the water running.
He cannot swim.
He is a good swimmer and also plays tennis well.
He didn't care for swimming.
He holds a record in swimming.
He has built up his health through swimming.
He is adept in swimming.
He used water colors in short vertical brush-strokes.
He didn't meet the standards.
He hoped to be a sailor.
He finally succeeded in climbing that mountain.
He carried on at his work eventually.
He is too drunk to drive home.
He is out of control when drunk.
He will drive home, though he is drunk.
He is a little high.
He was too drunk to remember to shut the back door.
He was drunk and his speech was thick.
He was fined five pounds for drunken driving.
Since he is very late, he may have met with an accident on his way.
He has changed a lot, and he is no longer what he used to be.
He has changed a lot, and he is not what he was.
He is a man of noble mind.
He regarded her with worship in his eyes.
He can't count.
He made a linguistic study of languages.
He was overcome by numbers.
Having failed several times, he succeeded at last.
He likes mathematics, but I don't.
He is proud of being good at mathematics.
He is good at mathematics.
He has not taken the highest level evaluation, but he is good at mathematics.
He excels in mathematics.
He is second to none in mathematics.
He is ahead of us in mathematics.
He got a good grade in mathematics.
He got good marks in math.
He got full marks in mathematics.
He showed exceptional ability in mathematics.
He is terrible at math.
He asked me some questions about the math test.
He has shown an apt for mathematics.
He worked for weeks in behalf of the community chest.
He will stay in Tokyo for several weeks.
He got acquainted with some villagers.
He played on several pianos, one of which he chose.
He comes here every few days.
He was unconscious for several days.
He is off work for a few days.
He went on a journey a few days ago.
He got very proficient in English in a few years.
He died some years since.
He waited for several seconds and opened the door.
He is the greatest poet that ever lived.
He was as great a poet as ever lived.
He is as great a statesman as any.
He brought the world to its senses.
He is swimming against the tide.
He is the greatest scientist that the world has ever produced.
He is a potential world champion.
He is numbered among the greatest scientists in the world.
He is possessed with the ambition to rule over the world.
He traveled about the world.
It is said that he is the richest man in the world.
He traveled around the world.
He realized his ambition to sail around the world.
He made a journey around the world.
He broke the world record.
He's not in the least interested in what is happening in the world.
He promoted the idea of world government.
He won four successive world championships.
He is one of the greatest scientists in the world.
He is the greatest man in the world.
He became famous all over the world.
He had friends all over the world.
He is known to almost everybody throughout the world.
He traveled all over the globe.
He traveled all over the world.
He helped the cause of world peace.
He made superhuman efforts to maintain world peace.
He is a man of the world.
He's what society calls a real lover of music.
He is known to the public.
He took the public by surprise.
He differs from the common run of student.
He has no regard to appearance.
He came to the throne by succession.
He is indifferent to worldly success.
He looks his best in his uniform.
He tried to enlarge his sphere of influence.
He has a mild nature.
He has a nice personality.
He is obstinate in disposition.
It is in the cards that he will succeed.
He made it.
He wanted to succeed.
He gave up trying, when he might have succeeded.
He did not feel happy for all his success.
He would have succeeded.
They were flushed with success.
I doubt if he will succeed.
He is frantically on the make.
He is earnest for success.
He worked hard in order to succeed.
I think that he will succeed.
He paid too high a price for success.
He persisted in the experiment until he was successful.
He persisted in his work until he succeeded.
He spared no effort for success.
He works hard so as to succeed.
He hoped to succeed.
He is most happy about his success.
He is ambitious to succeed.
He had hoped to succeed, but in reality, he had not.
Due to his high grades, he will inevitably be accepted to the university.
He's proud of his good grades.
His grades took a big jump.
He will struggle to graduate if he does not make progress.
He grew up to be a fine youth.
He grew up to be a great scientist.
He grew up to be a doctor.
He grew up to be an engineer.
He grew up to be a famous musician in later years.
He has grown up to be a fine gentleman.
He grew up to be a great person.
The older he grew, the more attractive he became.
He invested two hundred dollars in a growing business.
He went to Narita or somewhere.
He started from Narita for Paris.
On arriving at Narita, he telephoned me.
He is playing an active part in politics.
He is second to none in eloquence in the world of politics.
He has many enemies in the political world.
He is an influence in politics.
He distanced himself from politics.
He holds only vague opinions about politics.
He knows nothing about politics.
He seems to be indifferent to politics.
Politics didn't interest him.
He has lost interest in politics.
He is indifferent to politics.
He holds an extreme opinion in politics.
He is a sort of politician.
He is not a politician but a lawyer.
He was not a political figure but a religious one.
He is not so much a politician as a novelist.
He is not so much a politician as a scholar.
He is a novelist rather than a politician.
He is not so much a politician as a merchant.
He established himself as a politician.
He fulfilled the functions of a statesman.
He is a good speaker as politicians go.
He has no political ambition.
He was ambitious of political fame.
He has some acquaintance with the government people.
He makes a living by working for a government office.
Many nights did he spend, looking up at the stars.
He looked up at the stars.
He can not distinguish between right and wrong.
Is he right?
He has the freedom to do what he thinks is right.
He has an eye for good English usage.
He did right.
He has no sense of right and wrong.
He's not all there.
He was judged sane and was therefore chargeable with murder.
He recovered the balance of his mind.
He is justice.
He was to have arrived before noon.
He'll be here until noon.
He did not come till noon.
He will have been working for five hours by noon.
He came here before noon.
He wore a mask so that no one could recognize him.
I doubt whether he is honest.
He seems honest.
He appeared honest.
He is honest. That's why I like him.
As he is honest, he is loved by everybody.
I think he is honest.
He is stubborn, though honest.
He proved to be honest.
He is as kind as honest.
He seems to be honest.
He is at once honest and kind.
He is honest and hardworking, but his brother is quite otherwise.
He is far from honest.
He is far from being honest.
He is too honest to tell a lie.
He has integrity, so he has many friends.
He gains many friends through his honesty.
He is an honest man and will always remain so.
He got the reputation for being an honest politician.
He is an honest man.
I took him to be an honest man.
He must be an honest man.
He told the truth, otherwise he would have been punished.
He is a model of honesty.
He didn't believe that honesty is the best policy.
He is a square shooter.
He is said to be honest.
He is so honest that he always keeps his word.
He looks like an honest man.
He put on clean trousers.
He has spent most of his time as a career diplomat.
He lived to be ninety.
He took a lot of chances in order to survive.
He is called a walking dictionary.
He has a very vivid imagination.
He is a sharp-shooter.
He amended his way of living.
He made up his mind not to return to his native country.
He is by nature a very quiet person.
He is gentle by nature.
He is kind by nature.
He has a natural bent for music.
He is by nature a generous person.
He was born dumb.
He is by nature a kind person and is popular with the children in his neighborhood.
He was passive by nature.
His body was weak by nature.
He is lazy by nature.
He is naturally clever.
He is reserved by nature.
He has an innate love of adventure.
He's lived there all his life.
He is proud of the fact that he has never consulted a doctor in his life.
He was endowed with great talents.
Nature endowed him with wit and beauty.
He is by nature an artist.
He is a poet by birth.
He was a so-called aristocrat by birth.
He was born in Ohio but brought up in Texas.
He is a Greek by birth.
He is Scottish by origin.
He is German by birth.
He was born poor, but died a millionaire.
He is French by birth, but he is now a citizen of the USA.
He is a Russian by birth.
He is a Londoner by birth.
He is Japanese by birth.
He is a man of birth and breeding.
He was born and brought up in Tokyo.
He extended the knowledge of biochemistry.
He had various experiences in his life.
He dedicated his life to helping the poor.
He devoted his whole life to compilation of the dictionary.
He stayed at the same job for his whole life.
He remained a bachelor all his life.
He helped poor people all his life.
He's leading a dog's life.
He is in great want.
He works for his living.
I think he needs to alter his lifestyle.
He works hard to earn his living.
He hovered between life and death.
He is an American to the backbone.
He is a Parisian born and bred.
He wasn't recognized as a great writer until after his death.
He was a great statesman in life.
He told the students to be quiet.
He left his students these famous words.
He has a bad reputation with his students.
He is being harassed by a flood of questions from his students.
He is skillful in teaching pupils.
He is greatly respected by his students.
He was sitting surrounded by the students.
He is clever at biology.
He cheated on the biology exam.
He is very much interested in biology.
He was engaged in biological research.
He is working in the field of biology.
He is a biologist.
He has been engaged in the study of biology for nearly ten years.
He challenged the mountain at the risk of his life.
He even referred to the origin of life.
He insured himself.
He is endowed with a sense of humor.
He is still fully active.
He did his best but soon saw that he could not compete with such a fast runner.
He checked out of the hotel.
He was mentally troubled.
He is an energetic politician.
He's dying to see Seiko.
He acted like a saint.
He shouted at the top of his voice.
He dropped his voice.
He sang with his voice strained.
He is bent on becoming a vocalist.
He likes Western culture.
He has a reputation for integrity.
He devoted himself whole-heartedly to her.
He protested that he was innocent.
He has a blue coat on.
He had a blue jacket on.
He was dressed in blue.
He has blue eyes and fair hair.
He thinks that blue is the most beautiful color.
He lost color.
He was so angry that his veins stood out.
He has a lot of books for the young.
He loves to hike in the quiet countryside.
He put his finger to his lips as a sign to be quiet.
He told us to keep quiet.
He made a motion to be silent.
He quietly knocked at the door.
He walked quietly.
He lives in peace.
He prefers the quiet.
He is immune from taxes.
He once lied and told her a rare creature lived in her closet.
He's always been kind to me.
He looks like a completely different person to what he was before.
They say that he has a lot of old money.
It is said that he has a lot of old coins.
He is different from what he used to be.
He must have gone to see his old friend.
He is not the cheerful man he was.
He used to be a gentleman.
He used to be a nice boy.
He told me how he had once been a rich man.
He used to drink.
He does not work so hard as he used to.
He is not so diligent as he used to be.
He is not as well off as he used to be.
He is better off than he used to be.
He used to be a man of fortune.
He used to be a quiet man.
He remained silent like a stone.
He picked up a stone.
He threw a stone at a dog.
He weighed the stone in his hand.
He threw a stone into the pond.
He broke the window by throwing a stone.
He is said to have made a fortune in oil.
He made a fortune in oil.
He is famous as an oil king.
He was appointed to a responsible post.
He's a take-charge boss.
He fixed the blame on his friends.
He has a strong sense of responsibility.
A man of responsibility, he didn't leave the matter alone.
He wore red pants.
He decided on a red car.
He picked up a red stone.
He looked after the baby.
He covered himself with shame.
He is a total stranger to me.
He is no better than a baby.
He did not stop his car at the red light.
He drank a glass of red wine.
He has collected no fewer than five hundred stamps.
He collected a lot of stamps.
He has collected twice as many stamps as I have.
It seems that he likes collecting stamps.
He is easy to get on with.
He is suspected of robbery.
By virtue of frugality he has made a fortune.
I argued him into consent.
He argued away her concern.
He was late because of the snow.
He lost his way in the snow.
He is always saying bad things about others.
He has had absolutely no part in the conspiracy; it was not he, but his brother, who had an axe to grind against the government.
He is obstinate in his opinion.
He was determined to go, so I decided to do my best to help him.
I'm afraid he will never admit his guilt.
He never touched wine.
He has absolute power.
He gave up the attempt in despair.
He came home in despair.
He lost hope and killed himself by taking poison.
His life is despaired of.
He does not live in Sendai.
He changed trains at Sendai Station.
The urge to brag on his recent successes was irresistible.
He uses a pencil with a fine point.
He earned as much as 100,yen working part-time last month.
He is said to have won the speech contest last month.
He set out for Paris last month.
I hear he has been ill since last month.
He divorced his wife last month.
He moved to Tokyo last month.
He is a man of vision.
He went to America last week.
He intended to have visited the temple last week.
He managed to get himself promoted last week.
He quit school last week.
He was out of town last week.
He seems to have been sick last week.
He believes it to be an honor to follow in his predecessor's footsteps.
He was given a gold watch by the teacher.
Is he a teacher?
He was respected both as a teacher and as a man.
He asked his teacher several questions.
He bowed to his teacher.
He had no thought of becoming a teacher.
He made up his mind to be a teacher.
He studied all the harder for being praised by his teacher.
He stuck out his tongue at his teacher.
He asked his teacher stupid questions.
He's not cut out for teaching.
He seems not to be cut out for teaching.
I'm of the opinion that he should apologize to his teacher.
He had an intense hatred of his teacher.
He made a polite bow to his teacher.
He studied the harder because he was praised by his teacher.
He will present a book to his teacher.
He tried to write down everything the teacher said.
He never pays much attention to what his teacher says.
He pays no attention to the teacher.
He made notes of the teacher's lecture.
He followed the lead of our teacher.
He made much of his teacher's advice.
He ran off to meet his teacher.
He made a fool of his teacher.
He came back home a while ago.
He is a born poet.
He is the man you met the other day.
He took out a 1,000-yen note from his wallet.
He transferred to the office in Chiba.
He is an absolute monarch.
Since he is not an expert, his opinion is no account.
He has excellent techniques which would outdo a specialist.
He drowned in the river.
He is swimming in the river.
He drowned while swimming in the river.
He walked along the river.
He fell into the river.
He sat at the edge of the stream.
He lives across the river.
He got across the river.
He accumulated a tremendous fortune during the post war.
He is a war orphan.
He was slain in battle.
He is believed to have been killed in action.
He was killed in the war.
He demonstrated his courage by his actions in battle.
He cheated death many times on the battlefield.
He gambled on the war coming to an early end.
He lost two sons in the war.
He was wounded in the war.
He presented an argument for the war.
He has never really got over malaria he caught in the East during the war.
He was baptized a Catholic.
He is delicate.
He fell overboard and was drowned.
He had heard stories about an ancient god who had left his land centuries before by ship.
He became a sailor.
He wanted to go to sea.
He saved a sailor.
He is fighting with his back to the wall in the election.
He won the election by a large majority.
He was chosen by election.
He fought a successful election campaign.
He is not old enough to vote.
He is prepossessed with an ill opinion.
He gave the same answer as before.
He has been to Switzerland before.
He said he had come to Japan the previous week.
He said that he had met her on the previous day.
He doesn't study as hard as he used to.
He arrived at nine in accordance with a prearranged plan.
He sent his luggage in advance.
He is better off than he was.
He amassed a fortune in stock trading during the last boom.
He was elected to the Senate in the last election.
He decided neither to advance nor to retreat.
He was sent into combat.
He said a few words by way of preface.
He concentrated on his study of prepositions.
He is a promising young man.
It seems that he is a promising youth.
He lost the watch which he had bought the day before.
He seized on the unprecedented opportunity.
He doesn't know the difference between right and wrong.
He is old enough to tell good from evil.
He can't distinguish vice from virtue.
He meditated on the problem of good and evil.
He is not so stupid as to be unable to tell right from wrong.
He is the epitome of goodness.
He is a good boy, and what is better, very handsome.
He was not at all satisfied with the result.
He is quite a savage.
He was left all alone in the woods.
He did not speak at all.
He arrived quite out of the blue.
He denies himself nothing.
He seems to be bankrupt of all tender feeling.
He is every bit a politician.
He felt utterly humiliated.
He said it was out of the question.
He assumed a new identity.
He is quite capable and can hold his own.
He used all his wealth for the benefit of the poor.
He broke with all his relatives.
He attributed everything to himself.
He's perfect at everything.
He ordered that everybody get up at six.
He did well in all subjects, particularly mathematics.
He won the prize for excellence in all subjects.
He has got well, so that he can work now.
He had got nationwide fame.
He put all his fortune in the enterprise.
He risked losing all his fortune.
He handed over all his property to his son.
He sustained an injury which will take a month to heal completely.
He consumed all his income on drinking.
He was covered with bruises.
He was covered all over with white paint.
He is attention itself.
He gave body and soul to his job.
He was covered with mud from head to foot.
He was an example of a popular athlete in his days.
He went heart and soul into the work.
He didn't explain it at all.
He doesn't watch television at all.
He didn't speak to me at all.
He is anything but honest.
He never seems to grow older.
He didn't study at all.
He headed for the door at full speed.
He drove his sports car at full speed.
He ran as fast as his legs could carry him.
He tried with all his might to lift the box.
He was driving the car at full speed.
He ran at full speed.
He used all his strength to crawl out of the wrecked car.
He gives work all he's got, and gets more work done than anybody else.
He did his best only to fail again.
He did his best to rescue her.
He betrayed his country.
He is burning with love of his country.
He was educated by her grandfather.
He is the picture of his grandfather.
He is afraid of his grandfather.
He adores his grandfather.
He resembles his grandfather.
He was brought up by her grandmother.
He is content with the simple life.
He seems rough, but at heart he is very gentle.
He's misunderstood because of his vulgar language.
He was suspended from school for a week for bad conduct.
He can bend an iron rod with his hands.
He acquired French quickly.
He got up quickly, splashed cold water on his face, brushed his teeth, and shaved.
He frankly pointed out my faults.
He became a nice young man.
He was dropped because of his running mate.
He has poor ability to organize.
He tried to appeal.
He practices austerities almost like a monk.
He is barren of creative spirit.
He watched the horse racing through his binoculars.
He attracted votes away from both candidates.
He is working as a security guard at a warehouse.
He has a rich imagination.
He used to be an imaginative boy.
He is very proud of his skill as a pilot.
He was granted permission to go home early.
He was granted permission to leave early.
He does not get up early.
He did not get up early.
He left early; otherwise he could not have caught the train.
He advised an early start.
He went to bed early but did not go to sleep until almost in the morning.
He went to bed early.
He started to go to bed early.
He arrived too early.
He was impatient to see his daughter.
He wakes up early.
He promised me to come early.
He makes nothing of getting up early in the morning.
He tried to get up early.
He is used to getting up early.
He makes a habit of waking up early.
He believed in getting up early in the morning.
He is a fast speaker.
He is in the habit of keeping early hours.
He kept early hours.
He makes it a habit to keep good hours.
He received a tremendous punch on the jaw from his opponent.
He joined the opposing team.
I find a good rival in him.
He had a slight edge on his opponent.
He knocked his opponent out.
He got the better of his opponent.
He has nobody to consult.
He has a fairly large fortune.
He has accumulated quite a collection of books.
He is as talkative as ever.
He is his usual self.
He still kept on smoking.
He is as lazy as ever.
He works as hard as ever, but he remains poor.
They work as hard as ever.
He's a crybaby, just like always.
He looks as young as ever.
He is as kind as ever.
He is as poor as ever.
He always remained poor.
He looks as poor as ever.
He is as busy as ever.
He seems as busy as ever.
He watched the Sumo wrestling with folded arms.
He is a little light for a sumo wrestler.
He was looking out the window.
He went out the window.
He hammered at the window.
He slept with the window open.
He tried to open the window.
He denies having broken the window.
He kept all the windows open.
He kept the window closed.
He firmly refused the Premier's earnest request.
He aspired to the position of Prime Minister.
I believe him to be intelligent.
For all his cleverness, he is always reluctant to give his views.
He was lying on the grass.
He lay down on the grass and went to sleep.
He lay down on the grass.
He did run.
He's run off ten pounds.
He ran to school, arriving in time.
He came running into the room.
He came running.
He ran and ran, but could not catch up with his dog.
He bettered the world record in the high jump.
He began running.
When he finished running, he was happy.
He began to run.
He ran on and on, until he was completely exhausted.
He has given up running in order to focus on the long jump.
He does run.
He cannot walk, let alone run.
He can run so fast!
He is a fast runner.
He was running and calling for help.
He is at the head of runners.
He glanced at the noisy child with a sour expression.
The noise distracted him from studying.
He was awoken by the noise.
He heard the noise.
He clinched the election when he came out against a tax increase.
You can't hate the guy.
He accumulated his library.
He disdained bribery.
He paid me cash down.
He retorted immediately.
He consented on the spot.
He put emphasis on the necessity for immediate action.
He made a splendid off-the-cuff speech.
He won an immediate response.
He spoke for ten minutes without a pause.
He lay breathing very feebly.
He arrived at the station out of breath.
He held his breath.
He breathed his last.
He has drawn his last breath.
He was watching the scene with breathless interest.
He watched it holding his breath.
He drew a deep breath.
He was gasping for breath as he ran.
He is breathing hard.
He says his son can count up to now.
He congratulated his son on being a top prizewinner.
He had his son die last year.
He was overjoyed to find out that his son had succeeded.
He died on the day his son arrived.
He is glad about his son's love of books.
He behaved badly to his sons.
He gave money to each of his sons.
He flew a kite with his son.
He told his son an interesting story.
He bought his son a camera.
He has transmitted all his knowledge to his son.
He has transferred all his knowledge to his son.
He set his son up as a baker.
He encouraged his son to study harder.
He tried to wean his son from his bad habit.
He made his son a chair.
He left his son a fortune.
He taught his son how to swim.
He was in a hurry to see his son.
He was impatient to see his son.
He has decided to turn over his business to his son.
He kept it secret that he had bought a bicycle for his son.
He seems disappointed with his son.
He wants to equip his son with a good education.
He built his son a new house.
He must buy a new bicycle for his son.
He was bereaved of his son.
He bequeathed a considerable fortune to his son.
He left his son a large fortune.
He equipped his son with the will to persevere.
He left a large fortune to his son.
He was angry with his son.
He made a model airplane for his son.
He tried to break his son's habit of smoking.
He shook his son by the shoulder.
He pulled his son by the ear.
He is very much concerned about the future of his son.
He had the gratification of seeing his son graduate from collage.
He named his son James.
He made his son a doctor.
He could not send his son to school.
He made his son a wealthy man.
He takes pride in his son.
He bound his son to a tailor.
He prides himself on his son.
He established his son in trade.
He has a deep affection for his son.
He recognized his son as lawful heir.
He made his son a teacher.
He walked the streets looking for his son.
He admonished his son for being lazy.
He was out of shape when he took a long hike with his sons, and he was stiff and sore the next day.
He told his sons to help each other after his death.
He settled his property on his sons.
He was out of breath.
He was out of breath. He had been running.
He was unsteady on his feet.
He is a quick walker.
He doesn't have his feet on the ground.
He is slow of foot.
He kicked the ball with his foot.
He touched the water with his foot.
He felt something crawl up his leg.
When he broke his leg, he had to use crutches for months.
He dragged his feet.
He broke his leg, but looked none the worse for it.
He was crying with pain when he broke his leg.
He sat there with his legs crossed.
He sat there with his legs closed.
He sat with his legs crossed.
He sat silently with his legs crossed.
He apologized to me for stepping on my foot.
He sprained his ankle.
He went off in a hurry.
He walked at a quick pace.
He can swim fast.
He made up for lost time by running fast.
He is too fat to run fast.
He can run fast.
He is so old that he cannot walk quickly.
He hit a speed ball with his bat.
He was charged with speeding.
He applied himself to his study, without thought for his normal life.
After graduation he will engage himself in study.
He is happiest when he is with his grandchildren.
He dotes on his grandson.
He sat surrounded by his grandchildren.
He will make amends for the damage.
He estimated the loss at five million yen.
He suffered great losses.
He resigned from the job to take the responsibility for the loss.
He is regarded as the best doctor in the village.
He is known to the villagers for his diligence.
He worked as hard as any man in the village.
He asked the first person he met near the village.
He went fishing in a river near the village.
He bent his steps toward the village.
He is said to have been the richest man in the village.
He doesn't mingle with the villagers.
He is known to everyone in the village.
He left his poorly paid job for greener pastures elsewhere.
How else can he act?
He is taller than any other boy.
He worships money to exclusion of everything else.
He is imitative of other artists.
He is far in advance of the other students.
He is a teacher apart from the rest.
He is preoccupied with something else.
He's got more books than all the others put together.
He should be given preference over the others.
He is working hard to catch up with the others.
He was punished as a warning to other students.
Along with thousands of others, he fled the country.
He worked as hard as anybody else.
He is better than anyone else.
He stood out from the rest of the boys.
He was the scorn of the other boys.
He is on another line.
He promised not to tell.
It is not in his nature to be hard on other people.
He told me to be kind to others.
He has little feeling for others.
He is above finding fault with others.
He makes it a rule never to speak ill of others.
He drew on others for help.
He is not the sort of man who counts on others for help.
He pays no attention to others' feelings.
He says what he thinks regardless of other people's feelings.
He behaved himself so as not to give offence to others.
He is chary of offending people.
He is indifferent to the suffering of others.
He invades the privacy of others.
He is apt to ridicule others.
He has a faculty for making other people happy.
He is above deceiving others.
He can dish it out, but he can't take it.
He has not more than a hundred novels.
He has no more than five English books.
A lot of troubles preyed upon his mind.
He was exposed to many dangers.
He embarked on his marriage with many hopes and fears.
He threw away a bunch of old letters.
He was elected as chairman from among many candidates.
He succeeded in the face of many difficulties.
He overcame many difficulties.
He has overcome many obstacles.
He is endowed with many talents.
He had to undergo many trials.
He devoted much time to study.
He received a lot of praise.
He did the work in spite of many obstacles.
He is confronted by many difficulties.
He likes playing soccer with a lot of people watching.
He is well spoken of by many people.
He asked the same question of many people.
He is great in many ways.
He is superior to me in many respects.
He is different from the people around him.
He had to spend many barren days.
He devoted himself to many cultural activities.
He broke through many problems easily.
He is not a man to deal with a lot of problems.
He deposited a lot of money in the bank.
He bestowed a large amount of money on the institute.
He has run up large debts.
He has a lot of hobbies.
He was somewhat excited.
He understands her problems more or less.
He has some knowledge of editing.
He has written a number of exciting detective stories.
He traveled with a large escort.
He carried on business for many years.
He will probably fail.
He is not likely to succeed.
He could be in the gymnasium.
He was busy, and yet he came to help us.
He was so busy that he sent his son instead of going himself.
He had to master a lot of new information and spend some time in different parts of the country.
He has a thick neck.
His voice is thin even though he is fat.
He was large, not to say fat.
He's on a diet because he is a little overweight.
He has twice flown the Pacific.
He failed in the attempt to sail across the Pacific Ocean.
He is Taro's brother.
He is more famous than Taro.
He is busier than Taro.
He made a motion that we stop and rest awhile.
He has a high batting average.
He had taken care of himself.
He is in good physical condition.
He stretched and took a deep breath.
He seemed worried about his health.
His body was shaking in anger.
In washing himself, he started on the legs.
He did not walk into the gym.
He's well built.
He is two hundred pounds in weight.
He is putting on weight.
He tried to reduce his weight.
He was wet all over.
He exhausted all his energy.
He deliberately kept on provoking a confrontation.
He could no longer wait and so went home.
He's sitting in the waiting room.
He looked around the waiting room.
He regretted having been idle.
He idles away the time.
He is inclined to be lazy.
He is a lazy fellow.
He was dismissed on the grounds that he was lazy.
He was dismissed of the grounds that he was idle.
He's not lazy. On the contrary, I think he's a hard worker.
He's too lazy to apply himself to anything.
He was fired on the grounds that he was lazy.
He is very hard on lazy people.
He regrets having been lazy.
He was lazy and irresponsible. Thus, he was told to leave the company.
He is a lazy student.
He is coarse in manner.
He carries a bag on his back.
He resigned himself to spending a boring evening.
He took to fishing after retirement.
He took up gardening after he retired.
I guessed that he was an ex-serviceman.
He ran the risk of being caught and imprisoned.
He proposed an alternate plan.
He's running for Congress.
He was found lying unconscious on the kitchen floor.
He yawned widely.
He exerted himself and made his way in life.
He is going to be a doctor when he grows up.
He grew up to be a very reliable man.
He grew up to be a college football player.
He took a deep breath and tried to put his uneasiness to rest.
He yawned heavily.
He satisfied his thirst with a large glass of beer.
He landed a big trout.
He has a lot of ideas about running foreign workers.
He possessed a large house and two cars.
He came bearing a large bunch of flowers.
He was taken on by a large firm as a clerk.
He succeeded in the face of great danger.
He has some grave defects, but I think he is a great scholar all the same.
He succeeded in the face of great difficulties.
He works in a big city hospital.
He arrived in a big car.
He is laboring under a great error.
He was holding a large box in his arms.
He banged a big book on the desk.
I don't think much of him as a musician.
He's not much as a singer.
He may just be ahead of his time.
He'll never amount to much.
He is not much of a companion for his wife.
He has great enthusiasm for golf.
He has great enthusiasm.
He called together everyone who was a captain and above.
He has a large family.
He worked hard to support a large family.
He works hard to support his large family.
He had to feed his large family.
He decided to major in medicine in college.
He majored in drama at college.
He studied economics at college.
He majored in Japanese literature at the university.
He decided to specialize in physics at college.
He is studying law at the university.
He studies history at college.
He's studying history at university.
He studied hard so that he might enter the university.
It is necessary that he should go to college.
He could not go to college.
He's saving up to go to college.
I wish he had gone on to university.
He studied hard in order to get into college.
He was admitted to college.
He is doing well in his college work.
He depends on his parents for his university fees.
He found a good room with board near his college campus.
He was admitted to the college.
He is reluctant to go to the college.
He entered the business world instead of going on to college.
He is fresh from college.
He gathered men fresh from college and new to the business.
He is fresh from college, so he has no experience.
He has been devoted to the study of atomic energy ever since he graduated from the university.
He married directly after he left the university.
He returned to Japan after graduating from college.
He had graduated from the university and was always showing off.
After he had graduated from the university, he taught English for two years.
He continued his studies at graduate school.
He won't go on to graduate school.
He advocates reform in university education.
He is not so much a professor as a school teacher.
He lived in Kyoto in his college days.
He was encouraged by a professor from his college days.
He has lived off his parents for ten years since he graduated from college.
He became a cameraman after he graduated from college.
He addressed a large audience.
He's a late bloomer.
He was banished to an island for high treason.
He left the office in great haste.
He put a large amount of money into the industry.
He invested a lot of money in stocks.
He got a lot of money.
He acquired a large fortune.
He is in the money.
It is said that he is a millionaire.
He is a dramatist.
He is a good carpenter.
He advanced to colonel.
He carries on a small business in Osaka.
He chose to live in Tokyo instead of Osaka.
He deals antiques in Osaka.
He was born in Osaka.
He left Tokyo for Osaka.
He went to Osaka, where he put up at a hotel.
He transferred his office to Osaka.
He lives in a small town near Osaka.
He is from Osaka, as is shown by his accent.
He ranges with the great writers.
He couldn't possibly part with his beloved dog.
He accomplished the great undertaking at last.
He drinks like a fish.
He asked the general to take back his order.
He is a big eater.
He made his way to the minister.
He is just a minion of the minister.
He resigned from the Cabinet.
He wants to be a tennis player when he grows up.
He will be a doctor when he grows up.
He is approaching manhood.
He makes a fool of adults.
He was surrounded by a crowd of pressmen.
He is a great politician, and, what is more, a good scholar.
He shouted defiance at me.
He called out for help.
He laughed loudly, which behavior seemed inappropriate.
He went to Osaka on important business.
He came in spite of the heavy snow.
He was appointed Minister of Finance.
He dissented from the opinion of the majority.
He is about your age.
He gave a party on a large scale.
He says daring things.
He made bold to speak to the King.
He has a store on the main road.
He was placed in a key position by the president.
He is close to the president.
He was inaugurated as President.
He was elected president.
He will be named for President.
He wants to run for President.
He is going to run for the Presidency.
He visited Japan in the character of President.
Ought he to be forced out of the presidency?
He resigned as president.
He's working on the president's security detail.
He was nominated for the presidency.
He visited Japan while he was President.
He made a hard run of the presidency.
He chose not to run for the presidential election.
He is a man of great wealth.
He is a big shot.
He married a very pretty girl.
He felt very lonely.
He appears to have been a great sportsman.
He won first prize as a result of his great effort.
He surmounted the obstacles with great effort.
He was a man of great ambition.
He was too sleepy to read an evening paper.
He is such a lazy fellow.
He is a man of considerable influence.
He was very excited.
He is a most important person.
He is so honest that everybody trusts him.
He is such an honest boy that he never tells a lie.
He ran too fast for me to keep up with him.
He came to school very late.
He was very puzzled.
He was patience itself.
He seems to be very sleepy.
He is a very nice student.
He had ambition.
He carved marble into a statue.
He consumes an enormous amount of liquor.
He was thought to have been killed in the Second World War.
He was a hero of the African campaign in World War II.
He threw away the race after rounding the third turn.
He was knocked out by a punch in the first round.
He was a general in the Second World War.
He made many costly purchases.
He's good at flying kites.
He escaped from prison.
He schemed to evade tax.
He was accused of evading tax.
He was arrested on charges of tax evasion.
Each time he escaped, he returned to this region.
He ran like a scared rabbit.
He took the heavy box down from the shelf.
He got the book down from the shelf.
He hit his head on the shelf.
He crowded the books into the shelves.
He made it clear who had said such a thing.
He'll make someone clean the room.
He is only someone's stooge.
He is ready to learn anything from anybody.
He is a scientist who is respected by everybody.
He was looking around as if he was expecting someone.
He will not get the job without someone to back him up.
He can make friends with anybody soon.
He is very slow at making friends with anybody.
Who is he talking to?
He's nice to everybody.
He makes himself agreeable to everybody.
He was very friendly to everybody.
He promised me that he won't tell anybody.
He left the office without saying a word to anyone.
He didn't see anybody.
He went out of the room without being noticed by anyone.
He stole out of the house without anyone seeing him.
He is popular with everybody.
He is known to everyone.
He wouldn't let anybody interfere with his private affairs.
He is as honest a lad as any.
He is second to none.
He is as diligent as any man alive.
He is as hardworking as any.
Who does he look like?
He is free and open with everybody.
He is humble towards everyone.
He will not listen to any of us; you might as well talk to a figure of stone.
Who is he like?
He is as wise as any.
He is nothing but a fool.
He is nothing more than an egoist.
He did it simply out of curiosity.
He said it merely as a joke.
I could tell he was only pretending to read.
He could put together words from his word list, or spell out words letter by letter.
He is absorbed in reading a detective story.
He is absorbed in reading detective novels.
He gave a short talk.
He resumed his work after a short break.
He died after a brief illness.
He is quick of temper.
He was wounded by a bullet.
He is anything but that.
He entered my room without permission.
"No", he said in a decided tone.
He was so adamant in his refusal.
He gave a firm refusal.
He has a warm heart.
He sawed logs for the fireplace.
He even suspected that the man was the principal offender.
He saw to it that both boys were well provided for.
He ordered the boys not to shout in the classroom.
He was bought up by his strong willed sister.
He is a man of male courage.
He behaved himself like a man.
If he had known about it, he would have come.
The news made them happy.
He had no sooner heard the news than he began to cry.
He pretended to be ignorant.
What he lacked in wit, he made up for in energy.
He is the governor's longtime companion.
He has experience as well as knowledge.
He is acquisitive of knowledge.
He has a well of knowledge.
He has character as well as knowledge.
He tried to parade his knowledge.
He likes to posture as an intellectual.
He is in a rage to know.
He is a man of intellect.
In intelligence he is second to none.
He is not equal to her in intelligence.
He enjoys his position.
He is a mere nobody.
He was suspected of underground action.
He believed that the earth was round.
He said that the earth goes round the sun.
He is the book critic for the local newspaper.
He is ready for an earthquake.
He vividly depicted the confusion following the earthquake.
He drove over a land mine and his jeep blew up.
He likes geography and history.
He blushed with shame.
He looked down in shame.
I like him all the better for his shyness.
He's shy, and never speaks unless spoken to. You have to talk to him.
He is too shy to bare his heart to her.
He could not do so for shame.
He turned red with shame.
He hung his head in shame.
He saved a child from drowning in a pond.
He called me from across the pond.
He was contemplating the water of the pond.
He suffered a fatal wound.
He is late. Let's wait for him till 5:30.
He'll make a good lawyer sooner or later.
He will tell everything to me sooner or later.
He is sure to become the President sooner or later.
He will regret it sooner or later.
He will come sooner or later.
He will fall ill sooner or later.
He will come back sooner or later.
He promised me to come by five at the latest.
He is to come here by six at the latest.
He will be back by Monday at the latest.
He made many excuses for being late.
He stayed late and worked overtime.
He was at work till late at night.
He got up late, so that he missed the bus.
He sent word that he'd be delayed.
He made an apology to us for being late.
He managed to get there in time.
He took a taxi to get there in time.
He left early in order not to be late.
He's afraid that he might be late.
He forgot to say he would be late, and to make matters worse, the traffic was bad.
He's desperately trying to make up for the delay.
He is apt to be late.
He being late, we started without him.
He called in to say that he'd be late.
He was always in hot water with his teachers for being late.
I suppose he will be late.
He excused himself for being late.
He invented an excuse for being late.
He has brown eyes.
He dashed the cup on the floor.
He is particular about how he dresses.
He was walking up the hill at a steady pace.
He dropped out when he was in the 7th grade.
He was surprised to hear a cry from within.
He liked history among others.
He stood up to go inside.
He walked back and forth in front of the door, hesitating to enter.
He's back from his travels in Central Asia.
He asked if I like Chinese food.
He entered junior high school.
He did nothing but read novels in his junior high school days.
He deals in used cars.
He should have bought a used car.
He has just bought a used car.
He had come back from China.
He wrote a book on China.
He is an authority on China.
He wrote a lot of books on China.
He is eager to go to China.
He is familiar with what is going on in China.
He is fluent in Chinese.
He speaks Chinese very well.
He can speak Chinese a little.
He turned back halfway.
He is man of moderate views.
He comes from the middle class.
He matched his gait to his companion's.
He wants to make up and you should meet him halfway.
He faithfully discharged his duty.
He had to work hard day and night.
He goes to a part-time high school every evening in addition to the work he does during the day.
He did not appear until about noon.
Did he have sandwiches for lunch?
He smoked a cigar after lunch.
He hit on the answer to the problem as he was having lunch.
He began to eat lunch.
He resumed reading after lunch.
He won't be home at lunch time.
He tried to make up for his lack of sleep by taking a nap.
He sleeps by day and works by night.
He leaned against the pillar and gazed at the Statue of Liberty.
He bumped his head against a post.
He blamed his son for being careless.
He discharged his duties with care.
He turned his mind to it.
He is the magnet of attention.
He was appointed ambassador to Britain.
They fined him 5,yen for illegal parking.
He was fined for illegal parking.
He has just been appointed the U.S. Ambassador to Japan.
He was accredited to the United States to represent Japan.
He was closely occupied with his writing.
He set as his goal, the deposit of three million yen.
He put her savings to good use.
He added to his savings.
He was as still as a statue.
He was given ten years and his wife three.
He works a lot from morning till night.
He carried on working from morning till night.
He works on the farm from morning till night.
He does nothing but complain from morning till night.
He worked from morning till evening.
He set out at four in the morning.
He is a bit of a grouch in the morning.
He didn't show up at the breakfast.
He used to have bread for breakfast.
He came down to breakfast.
He began to eat his breakfast.
He had a shower before breakfast.
He took a walk before breakfast.
He is in the habit of taking a walk before breakfast.
He makes it a rule to drink a glass of water before breakfast.
He got up late and was late for school.
He did not get up early in the morning.
He's used to getting up early in the morning.
He started early in the morning.
He came early in the morning.
He tried to swim against the tide.
He seized an opportunity to speak.
He runs a supermarket in the town.
He has a good reputation as a doctor in the town.
He is known to everyone in the town.
He lives in the western part of town.
He was acquainted with everybody in town.
He is richer than anyone else in the town.
He showed me around the city.
I heard that he left town and moved east.
He is supposed to be the best doctor in the town.
He is the talk of the town.
He is known to all the people in the town.
He addressed the audience in a soft tone.
He addressed the audience in a soft voice.
He knows a lot about butterflies.
He is out of tune.
He sang off key.
He believes in the supernatural.
He kept me waiting for a long time.
He was kept waiting for a long time.
He was silent for quite a while.
He has not eaten a decent meal in a long time.
He stayed at the hotel for a long time.
He hit on the plan after long meditation.
He was waiting for a long time.
He gazed at the ceiling for a long time.
He has not written to them for a long time.
He was poor for a long time, but he is well off now.
He will stay here for a long period.
He was tired from his long walk.
He has suffered through a long period of illness.
He's writing a long letter.
He has been sick for a long time.
He cut a poor figure after his long illness.
He was engaged in a long argument.
He made a long stay in London.
Though he long dominated the steel industry, he never achieved a complete monopoly.
He can't stay long.
He must be very tired after a long walk.
He drew out his speech.
He was born in Nagasaki.
He lives in Nagasaki.
He made nothing of working for a long time.
He seemed to have been working for a long time.
He was a tall man.
He'll not live to make old bones.
He's been having trouble with back pain for years.
He got his present position by virtue of his long experience.
He has carried on his business as a builder for many years.
He wears his hair long.
He is from some small town in Nagano.
He rapidly ascended to the top.
He opened the cages.
He opened the cage and set the birds free.
He likes to watch the birds fly above his head.
He studied the flight of birds.
He shot at the bird, but missed it.
He soon recovered from the shock.
He ordered me to leave the room at once.
He lost no time answering the letter.
By intuition he knew she was lying.
He's the deep brooding type.
He was, which was rare for him, in a bad temper.
He hit on a rare old book.
He drew a bead on a stag at bay.
He gave a loud cry with pain.
He was in pain.
He yelled with pain.
He was painfully thin.
He had his sore arm dressed.
He nodded to me as he passed.
He was picked up by a passing ship.
He cleared the street of chestnuts.
He bowed to me as he passed by.
He gave a momentary glance to the passers by.
He was robbed of his money on the street.
He picked up something white on the street.
He always speaks to me when he meets me on the street.
He blushed when the girls whistled at him in the street.
He was driving a car along the street.
He was standing at the street corner.
He walked across the street.
He was nearly hit by the car while crossing the street.
He walked back and forth on the street.
He walked along the street.
He paid double the usual fare.
He managed to cure himself of his habit of nibbling his nails.
He is fond of fishing.
He loves fishing.
He cast his line into the lake.
He put live bait on a hook.
He didn't see the stop sign and almost hit the child crossing the street.
He failed to come on time.
He served without any serious errors until he reached retirement age.
He's an absolute fool.
He has taken to gardening.
He grew potatoes in his garden.
He found a ball in the garden.
He likes to work in the garden.
He dug a hole in the garden.
He had his brother help him with the gardening.
He likes taking care of the garden.
He cut down a tree in his garden.
He walked across the garden.
He has a fear that his brother will fail.
He was mistaken for his younger brother.
He looked young beside his brother.
He asked his brother to execute his will.
She helped her brother out with his picture.
He patted his brother on the shoulder.
He knocked his brother about.
He was proud of his brother.
He just brushed aside any objections to the proposal.
He did well to accept the offer.
He is a good loser.
He was covered with mud.
He is a thief.
He is alleged to have been a thief.
He denied that he was the thief.
He stood face to face with his enemy.
He was badly treated at the hands of his enemies.
He repented having betrayed his country to the enemy.
He yielded the castle to the enemy.
He surprised his opponent.
He did his best to overcome his enemy.
He got even his opponents to agree to the new economic plan.
He darted a spear at his enemy.
He hit the mark.
He drinks a moderate amount of coffee.
He is a thorough-going egoist.
He tried to study all night, but in vain.
He thinks nothing of staying up all night.
He pried open the locked door with a crowbar.
He was killed in a railroad accident.
He dashed out like a bullet.
He seems to be a typical American boy.
He's a typical workaholic.
He lived in a typical Japanese-style house.
He is a typical Japanese.
He got assistance from above.
He hung a lamp from the ceiling.
He wasn't tall enough to get at the ceiling.
He is such a tall man that he can touch the ceiling.
He bumped his head against the ceiling.
He looked up at the ceiling.
He painted the ceiling blue.
He took advantage of the fine weather to paint the wall.
He may be a genius.
He is a genius.
It is no exaggeration to say that he is a genius.
It may safely be said that he is a genius.
He is said to be a genius.
He is not so much a genius as a hard worker.
He was reputed to be a genius.
He is far from a genius.
He is no less than a genius.
He studies astronomy, or the science of stars.
He was a great authority on astronomy, or the science of the heavenly bodies.
It seems that he is interested in astronomy.
He is an expert in astronomy.
He dashed out of the store.
He sold his goods at a sacrifice to close down his business.
He disappeared into a dark corner at the back of the shop.
He put a Closed sign on the front door of the store.
He bought out a business.
He handed the salesclerk the money.
He scraped his knee in a fall.
He got hurt when he fell down.
He fell, twisting his ankle.
He fell and hit his head on the floor.
He is so much the worse for a change of air.
He moved from place to place.
He had to commit the whole message to memory.
He lives all by himself in the country.
He is leading an easy life in the country.
He led a very peaceful life in the country.
He lived a rich and comfortable life in the country.
He dwells in the country.
He has an estate in the country.
He has begun to enjoy country life.
He took his way to the country.
He wandered about the country.
He goes to sleep with the lights left on.
He likes to take electric devices apart.
He entered the college to study electronics.
He made room for an old man in the train.
He is apt to leave his umbrella on the train.
He may have missed the train.
I fear that he may be late for the train.
He jumped on the train.
He trod on my foot on purpose in the train.
He may have taken the wrong train.
He took the wrong train by mistake.
He forgot to turn off the light.
He wanted to buy an electric typewriter but his friend talked him into buying a word processor.
He turns off the lights so as not to waste electricity.
He let me know it by telephone.
When he first heard her lovely voice over the phone, he fell head over heels for her.
He's talking on the telephone.
He said he would give me a call, but he hasn't yet.
He went home as soon as he got the phone call.
He hung up.
He'll come on foot or by bicycle.
He found it impossible to go there on foot.
He saw the accident on the way to school.
He's accustomed to climbing mountains.
He is a fine type of mountain climber.
He gambled and broke even.
He ate up his fortune by gambling.
He cleaned out his saving on betting.
He kept standing all the way.
He is bound to drop in on us on his way.
He may have met with an accident on the way.
He may have met with an accident on his way.
He avoided meeting her on the way.
He's never quite adjusted to the pace of the city.
He'd love to live in the city.
He prefers the country to the town.
For all his city ways, he is a country boy at heart.
He is longing for city life.
He stressed the convenient aspects of city life.
He is an expert in the area of city planning.
He was zealous in satisfying his employer.
He failed due to lack of effort.
With all his efforts, he couldn't succeed.
His efforts were attended with success.
He has made a fortune through hard work.
He succeeded by dint of effort.
He succeeded by virtue of his efforts.
He failed in his business in spite of his efforts.
He spared no efforts.
He mustered up his courage to talk to a foreigner.
He often comes late.
He sold all his land.
He holds a lot of land.
He wants to dispose of his land.
He distributed his land among his sons.
He doesn't go to the office on Saturday.
He reached Kyoto on Saturday.
He guaranteed his slaves' freedom.
He has the habit of standing up when he is angry.
He came out with an angry face.
He was angry, but he listened to me patiently.
In spite of his anger, he listened to me patiently.
His blood is up.
I fancied that he was angry.
I think he is angry.
He tried to soothe the angry man.
He banged the door in anger.
He angrily rattled the locked door.
He gave an angry shake of his head.
He got angry and told off his servant.
He was provoked into hitting her.
He got out of the room in anger.
He ran out of the room in anger.
He snarled out his anger.
He was prone to anger.
He was beside himself with rage.
He was wild with anger.
He stood up with his hands trembling in a rage.
He was burning with his anger.
He swallowed his anger and went on working.
He tried to hold back his anger.
He forbore his anger.
He tried to restrain his anger.
He couldn't check his anger.
He could not control his anger.
He advanced on me fiercely.
I thought he would be angry but, to my surprise, he smiled.
He uses foul language whenever he gets angry.
He always yells at me when he is angry.
He's liable to shout when angry.
He is liable to shout when angry.
He should be angry.
He looked black with anger.
He hurt his knee when he fell.
He hurt his left foot when he fell.
He was pinned down by a fallen tree.
He is one of the up and coming young men of the party.
He took the leadership of the party.
He was constituted representative of the party.
He tried to reform the party from within.
He longed for the winter to be over.
He was the first man to climb Mt. Fuji in winter.
He was sick through the winter.
He went skiing during the winter.
He was frozen to death.
He lost the greater part of his fortune in speculation.
He started from Tokyo to Paris.
He carried on business for ten years in Tokyo.
He is in Tokyo.
He is longing to see my family in Tokyo.
He has been in Tokyo for a year.
He moved to Tokyo.
He likes to live in Tokyo.
He keeps a store in Tokyo.
He is at home with the geography of Tokyo.
He was familiar with the roads of Tokyo.
He visited me every time he came up to Tokyo.
He left Tokyo for Europe.
He left Tokyo for Kyoto.
He went to the Tokyo station by taxi.
He lives in the suburbs of Tokyo.
He applied for a job with the Bank of Tokyo.
He took the express for Tokyo.
He graduated from Tokyo University.
He was transferred to the head office in Tokyo.
He is proud of having graduated from Tokyo University.
He has studied the cultures of Eastern Countries.
He was interested in the mysteries of the Orient.
He is something of an expert on oriental art.
He was surprised to find his stolen bag.
He recovered his stolen wallet.
He is the last man to steal.
He was fired for stealing.
He is guilty of stealing.
He is capable of stealing.
He was detected in the very act of stealing.
He descended to stealing.
He isn't the kind of person who steals.
He reported having seen the stolen car.
He did his duty as a matter of course.
I believe that he's trustworthy.
He cannot be relied on.
He blotted the good reputation of our school.
He was regarded as the greatest writer of the day.
He seems to have been rich in those days.
He is said to have been the richest man in town at that time.
It was said that he had been sick in hospital then.
He said that he would be elected and that he would become governor.
He is in a fair way to being elected.
He took his own medicine.
I took it for granted that he would stand by me.
I took it for granted that he would keep his word.
He has few friends here except you.
He is to stay here for a fortnight.
He rented the garment for the day.
For the time being, he's staying at a neighboring hotel.
He is living with his friend for the time being.
He looked bewildered.
He frowned in puzzlement.
He felt lost and uncomfortable.
He answered, No.
He asked an awkward question.
He was reluctant to answer.
He hesitated before answering.
He handed in his paper.
He was watchful for any sign of diabetes.
He had no sooner arrived than he was asked to leave.
As soon as he arrived, he demanded a meal.
He was not able to join in the discussion.
He was desperate to escape.
He had scarcely escaped when he was recaptured.
He looked for every possible means of escape.
He had no choice but to run away.
He had no other resource but to run away.
He attempted to escape.
He has a good brain.
He is bright, but he is not honest.
He's intelligent, but I still don't like him.
He is thick-headed.
He is sharp-witted.
He is not witty or bright.
He is not in his right mind.
He is bright, and what is more, he is polite.
He is an armchair theorist.
He was wounded in the head.
He looked at her from head to foot.
He is an intelligent boy.
He stared at me from head to foot.
He has a nimble mind.
Bright as he is, he is slow in giving his opinions.
He is clever, but on the other hand he often makes careless mistakes.
He has the habit of scratching his head.
He fetched a few cushions to prop up her head.
He held his head straight.
He was dazed by a blow to the head.
He hit his head against a rock.
He banged his head against a shelf and got a big lump.
His head ached.
He is suffering from a headache.
He couldn't apply himself to his studies because of a headache.
He wanted to see a bullfight, but his father wouldn't let him go.
He is possessed of a strong fighting instinct.
He often indulges in drinking when he should be working.
He saves what he earns.
He not only does not work but will not find a job.
He doesn't work, but only thinks of sponging off his relatives.
He worked so hard that eventually he made himself ill.
He worked so hard that he ruined his health.
He worked too hard, and became sick.
He ruined his health by working too hard.
Overworking was the death of him.
He worked and worked until he fell ill.
He can die from overwork.
He is a work horse.
He is in the prime of life.
He has ceased from work.
He holds a very enlightened attitude toward working women.
He is ready to work.
He is not so old that he cannot work.
He moves quickly.
He couldn't move and had to call for help.
He was unable to move.
He is awkward in his movements.
He is slow in action.
He loves animals.
He knows a lot about animals.
He knows a lot about wild animals.
He kept on writing stories about animals.
He said the same thing over and over again.
He repeated the same mistake.
He keeps telling the same jokes over and over again.
He nodded as much as to say, I agree.
He smiled to express his agreement.
He stands out among the painters of his time.
He was destined to become a simultaneous interpreter.
He is a member of the board of the company.
He enjoys considerable standing among his peers.
He seems to have a habit of getting on his coworker's back when he makes a mistake.
He is subject to the criticism of his colleagues.
He is hardly friendly with his fellow workers.
He made the plan along with his colleagues.
He planned the project along with his colleagues.
He is popular among his colleagues.
He carries himself regally.
He was wounded in the body.
He picked up cans in the street.
He encountered a friend on the road.
He may have lost his way.
He lives just across the road.
He was used as a tool.
He was standing at the side of the road.
He lapsed morally.
He was lacking in moral fiber.
He crossed the street.
He was crossing the street.
He anonymously donated a large sum of money to the Red Cross.
He has an optimistic turn of mind.
He is a man of virtue.
He is seriously competing with her in the polling score.
He shows partiality to no one in particular.
He abused the privilege.
He must have abused the privilege.
He was sent abroad as a correspondent.
He never drinks save on special occasions.
He was sent on a special mission to Europe.
He killed himself by taking poison.
He talked to himself.
He taught himself French.
He built the house for himself.
He was opposed to monopolies.
He has a lot of original ideas.
He is above all others in originality.
He is a man of individual humor.
He made a speech using his unique tone of voice.
He was put in a cell.
He set himself up in life.
He went into business on his own account.
He finished the work for himself.
He found out the answers for himself.
He studied on his own account.
He has too many books.
He can read and write.
He has more books than he can read.
He wants a book to read.
He can't read it.
He says that he will lend me the book when he is done with it.
He derived much pleasure from books.
He was tired from reading.
He was completely engrossed in the book.
He got tired of reading.
He devoted himself to reading books.
He strained his eyes by reading too much.
He complains of not having enough time to read.
He sat reading, with his wife knitting a pair of gloves beside him.
He suffers from sudden fits of coughing.
He came to suddenly.
He suddenly rose from the chair.
He was seized with sudden chest pains.
He suddenly cut into our conversation.
He made an abrupt departure.
He died quite suddenly of heart failure.
He suddenly took a liking to detective stories.
He gave up traveling abroad because of his sudden illness.
He passed away quite suddenly.
He suddenly came out with the truth.
He got up suddenly and walked out of the room.
He ceased talking suddenly.
He fell into the bottomless pit.
He went to, where he heard the news.
His modesty prevented him from making his feelings known to her.
His shyness made public speaking a torment to him.
He is introverted.
He was curious to see the inside.
He is a lion at home and a mouse outside.
He says he'll blow the story open.
He was tied to the tree with a rope.
He explored the region around the South Pole.
He must be from the South.
He wrote a book about the American Civil War.
He had a hard look on his face.
He took on the difficult work.
He found the school without difficulty.
He donated $to the refugee fund.
He is faced with a difficult problem.
He'll cope with difficult problems.
He likes to work out the difficult questions.
He solved the difficult problem.
He makes a point of writing to his parents once every two months.
He combined two ideas into one.
He is trying to maintain two jobs.
He is thinking it over.
He said two or three words and left.
He's observed on the relationship between the two countries.
He came about two.
He has been studying for two hours.
He has been teaching for years.
He has a dual personality.
He has no less than two thousand yen with him.
He was never to come here.
He never referred to the incident again.
He will never visit the town again.
He made a firm resolution never to repeat it.
He never said it again.
He was warned not to be late for school again.
He was never to come back to his hometown.
He was destined never to see his wife again.
He can't use a gun again.
He has promised never to be late again.
He was never to see her again.
He did his best never to think of her.
He was never to return from the trip.
He entered the university after failing the examination twice.
He took office two years ago.
He went to London two years ago.
He paid double fare.
He put his eldest daughter in charge of his second restaurant.
He is nothing but a minor artist.
He is nothing but a minor composer.
He cut off a slice of meat.
He bit off the meat.
He cut up the meat and weighed it.
He set up as a butcher.
He had to contend against physical suffering.
He has endured physical and mental pain.
He suits a ballplayer mentally, too, physically, too.
He arrived there after dark.
He never goes out after dark.
He attained the top of the mountain before dark.
He is getting better day by day.
He earns no less than three hundred dollars a day.
He prays several times a day.
He studies ten hours a day on average.
He studied ten hours a day on average.
He went on a one-day trip.
He told his diary that she had come to see him.
He keeps a diary.
He was employed by the day.
He is of Japanese ancestry.
He rose from day laborer to governor.
He saturated himself with sunshine.
He decided not to use much energy in his daily life.
He is a famous composer.
He is one of the most famous singers in Japan.
He is also very famous in Japan.
Is he loved in Japan?
He is one of the greatest scientists in Japan.
He hopes to exhibit his paintings in Japan.
He's a famous popular singer in Japan.
He doesn't know a lot about Japan.
He doesn't know much about Japan.
He went back to Japan.
The longer he stays in Japan, the better his Japanese gets.
He is an Edison in Japan.
I thought that he knew everything about Japan.
He has been regarded as Japan's answer to Picasso.
He has a good acquaintance with Japanese theater.
He is one of the greatest artists in Japan.
He is quite ignorant of things Japanese.
He wrote on the social evolution of Japan.
He has a good knowledge of Japanese religion.
He translated a Japanese novel into French.
He is a Japanese boy.
He has a good knowledge of the internal affairs of Japan.
He is familiar with Japanese culture.
He compiled a Japanese folklore anthology for use in schools.
He is very much interested in Japanese history.
He is very much interested in Japanese history. We are surprised at his vast knowledge of the subject.
He left Japan for America.
He left Japan never to come back.
He went to India by way of Japan.
He represented Japan at a conference.
He was greatly instrumental in making Japan understood.
Can he speak Japanese?
He can speak both Japanese and English with facility.
He's very much interested in the Japanese language.
He has only a superficial knowledge of Japanese.
He teaches them how to speak Japanese.
He speaks Japanese very well.
He is staying here with a view to learning Japanese.
He always wanted to study Japanese.
He is able to speak Japanese.
He got well acquainted with the history of Japan.
He is one of the business leaders in Japan.
He is not Japanese.
He has a Japanese car.
He went about from town to town while he was in Japan.
He appreciates Japanese culture.
He's a student of Japanese literature.
He worked day and night and overworked himself.
He has been ill ever since Sunday.
He had to work even on Sunday.
He rarely stays home on Sunday.
He works every day but Sunday.
As a do-it-yourselfer, he made a doghouse.
He plays golf every Sunday.
He's always at home on Sundays.
He's not always at home on Sundays.
He used to go to the museum on Sunday.
He used to come here for a talk on Sundays.
He used to come to see me on Sunday.
He made a kennel along with his son on Sunday.
He intends to visit the farm on Sunday.
He comes here without fail on Sunday.
He cleaned his room on Sunday.
He works every day save Sundays.
He works every day except Sunday.
He closed the door quietly behind him.
He said he would not come in, but he came in after all.
He was standing at the door.
He took off his cap in front of the entrance.
From the moment he arrived there, he kept on bothering his doctor to tell him when he would be able to go home.
Though he had been in the hospital, he kept up with other students.
He went to see her in hospital every other day.
He visited a sick friend who was in the hospital.
He passed the entrance examination.
He boasted of having passed the entrance exam.
He failed the entrance exam.
He blamed his teacher for his failure in the entrance examination.
He is busy preparing for the entrance examination.
He will sit for the entrance examination.
He's likely to pass the entrance examination.
He couldn't pass the entrance examination.
He is working hard in order to pass the entrance examination.
He had a good look at the papers.
He bathed and dressed.
He accomplished his mission.
He dried his wet clothes by the fire.
He does not like cats.
He took delight in teasing the kitten.
He keeps a cat.
He scalded his tongue with the hot tea.
He sipped the hot coffee slowly.
He burnt his hand on the hot stove.
He couldn't bear the heat.
He is alive with enthusiasm.
He went to Atami for a change of air.
He is working intently.
He studied Japanese eagerly.
He studied hard, which enabled him to pass the exam.
He has to study hard.
He is raising tropical fishes.
He is an ardent music lover.
He complained that his age was beginning to tell on him.
He became wiser as he grew older.
He is too old to walk quickly.
Age deprived him of his sight.
He has good judgement for his age.
He looks quite sophisticated for his age.
He runs well for his age.
He's quite active for his age.
He looks so young for his age that he passes for a college student.
Though he is old, he has a youthful spirit.
Old as he is, he is very healthy and active.
He is old, but he's worn well.
He is old.
He is old, but at all events he works well.
Though he is old, he is very healthy.
Since he is old, this task must be difficult for him.
He is too old to try it.
He is too old.
The older he grew, the more modest he became.
As he grew older, he became gentler.
He could not live out the year.
He grew old.
He is getting old, but he is as healthy as ever.
He has outlived his fame.
He was too old to work any more.
The older he got, the more famous he became.
As he grew older, he became more obstinate.
Though he is old, he is still equal to the task.
He made a show of helping the old man.
Instead of relying on a pension, he resolved to apply for the job.
He was granted a pension.
He says what he has to say unreservedly to his seniors.
He always indulges in smoking.
He waits on an old lady.
He is a tall boy for his years.
He was excused by reason of his age.
He lied about his age.
He acts his age.
He realized his wishes.
He has a spirit of tenacity.
He shaped the statue from clay.
He formed the clay into a bowl.
He hardened clay by putting it into a fire.
He made a clean breast of his troubles to her.
He drank too much strong green tea.
He owed his success to both ability and industry.
He realized a large sum by the sale of the plantation.
He looked into the farmer's smiling red face, "Yes, sir." He said.
He engaged in agriculture.
He is studying agriculture.
He went to a college of agriculture.
He is breeding cattle on his farm.
He is employed on the farm.
He was strong enough to help his father on the farm.
He regretted that he had succeeded to the farm.
He had no money to buy the farm.
He prevailed on the farmers to try the new seeds.
It is rumored that he gone bankrupt.
He is bankrupt.
He fell off the horse.
He got in the boat with the horse.
He jumped his horse over the fence.
He likes to get on the horse and go out.
He looks like a horse.
He handles horses well.
He is a good judge of horses.
He was tying his horse to the fence.
He walked his horse to the gate.
He raises horses and cattle.
He urged his horse along.
He likes all animals except horses.
He is not stupid.
He is no fool.
He is an actor.
He ought to have been an actor.
He has a great admiration for actor Olivier.
He hid in an abandoned building.
He is tall, but his brother is much taller.
You can easily identify him because he is very tall.
He is tall, and she is tall too.
Is he tall?
He is tall, fat and always busy.
He is tall and lean.
He is tall and strong.
He is a tall and strongly built man.
He is too tall to stand straight in this room.
He is short, but he is strong.
He is too short to get at the book on the shelf.
He was too short to get at the grapes.
He would call to his horse as he climbed into his seat.
He stopped a tall man and asked him the way to the record shop.
He is short, but good at basketball.
He is short, but strong.
He bent his back.
He stood with his back to the wall.
He can swim on his back.
He was sitting up straight.
He bit off more than he could chew.
He felt a pain in his back.
He has a habit of scratching his back and biting his nails.
He died of lung cancer.
He was operated on for lung cancer.
He's got lung cancer.
He is very ill with pneumonia.
He is afraid of getting lung cancer.
He promised to sell.
His doctoral thesis must be submitted to the professor by the end of the month.
He asked me the way to the museum.
He received much applause.
He will avenge the people on their oppressor.
He inherited a great fortune.
He is possessed of a great fortune.
He will come into a large fortune.
He put some coins in the box.
He discovered how to open the box.
He emptied the box of its contents.
He carried the box upstairs.
He is a friendly person.
He put on his undershirt inside out.
He's everybody's friend.
He watched for an opportunity to speak.
He fired but missed.
He is beginning to lose his hair.
He had his hair cut short.
He wept tearing his hair.
It cost him 3,yen to get a haircut.
He had his hair cut.
He has long hair and wears jeans.
He was rightly punished.
He will be punished.
He didn't like to be punished.
He was decreed to pay the fine.
He tiptoed into the room.
He forestalled everybody in accomplishing.
He has eyes at the back of his head.
He is more lucky than clever.
He is out and away the best jockey.
He is as grave as a judge.
He is accurate in his judgement.
He erred in his judgement.
He lacks judgement.
He walked two miles in half an hour.
He is paralyzed down one side.
He dropped out half way into the race.
He is intolerant of opposition.
He was tempted to retort, but thought better of it.
He drove a nail into the board.
He upped one end of the plank.
He realized the magnitude of his crime.
He repented and confessed his crime.
He was believed to have committed the crime.
It seems that he has been at the scene of the crime.
He is a partner in crime.
He answers to the description of the criminal.
He acquired education late in his life.
He was accompanied by his wife at the dinner party.
He devoted the last years of his life to writing his autobiography.
He behaved in a cheap manner.
He was denounced as a coward.
Is this picture of his own painting?
He is no less wise than his brother is.
He always takes advantage of the mistakes made by his rivals.
He helps whoever asks him to help.
He made the most of his opportunity.
I believed him to be in good health.
He made up his mind to keep his plan secret.
He is addressed as "Doctor" in his laboratory.
He is content with his present state.
He showed me the manuscript of his new play.
He fell out with his wife.
He started his job in his early forties.
He was one of the famous men of letters in his era.
He showed his photograph album to me.
He was profuse in his praise of his teacher.
He congratulates himself on his foresight.
He had to part with his secretary because she got married.
He succeeded to his father's property.
He succeeded to his father's estate.
He resembles his father in his way of talking.
He is less impatient than his father.
He is playing in his room.
He went to meet Pizzaro and twenty of his men.
He was happy to realize his dream.
He rescued the little girl at the cost of his life.
He is looked up to by his friends.
He maintained that his theory was true of this case.
He applied his theory to his case.
He is sensible of the danger of his position.
He was proud of his punctuality.
He tried to borrow a large sum of money from them in vain.
He thought of them yearning for fame.
He made a clean break with them.
He made a bargain with them about the furniture.
He was made to tell them everything.
He refused to give them the information.
He proposed that they stay at that inn.
He was very kind to them.
He said he would give a helping hand to them.
He hid in the bushes so that they would not see him.
He stressed that they must arrive punctually.
He tried to convince them of his innocence in vain.
He tried in vain to convince them of his innocence.
He ordered them to release the prisoners.
He supplied food and money to them.
He provided them with food.
He taught them how to sail ships.
He is respected by them.
He conceived a deep hatred for them.
He avenged his friend on them.
He tried to put an end to their quarrel.
He is the only child they have.
He was incensed by their lack of incentives.
He was looked up to as their leader.
He denied knowing anything of their plan.
He contemplated their plan.
He tried in vain to put an end to their heated discussion.
He had to submit himself to their decision.
He was jealous of their happiness.
He said that their principal would go there the next day.
He is furious at what they have done to him.
He was respected as their teacher.
He is looked up to as their leader.
He is displeased with their way of reception.
He did not accept their invitation.
He will reconcile their dispute.
He was angered by the murder of their comrades.
He turned a deaf ear to their complaints.
He turned a deaf ear to their request.
He is the oldest of them all.
He is cleverer than they are.
He kept an eye on them.
He will not help them, nor will I.
He admonished them for being noisy.
He was persuaded into doing it against his own wishes.
He accused her of having lied to him.
He is anxious for her to come.
He wondered why she did that.
He wondered why she did not come.
He waited until she came.
He regretted borrowing the book from her.
He angrily tore up the letter from her.
He accepted her gift.
He extorted a large amount of money from her.
He would wait for hours for her call.
He got no answer from her.
He regretted having borrowed that book from her.
He stood aloof from her.
He is bound to her.
He knew that she had been ill in bed for a week.
He does not seem to be able to catch on to what she is saying.
He yearned for her to come home.
He paid no attention to what she said.
He affirmed the truth of her statement.
He came to like her.
He blamed her for imagining that she was sick.
He watched her making a doll.
He was irritated by her delay.
He knew she had been busy since morning.
He resented that she was dating his brother.
He didn't tell the truth for fear she should get angry.
He noticed her embarrassment.
He had a notion that she was very angry with him.
He stepped aside for her to enter the room.
He convinced us of her innocence.
He had a good time talking with her.
He wants to go out with her.
He stays in touch with her.
He announced his engagement to her.
He shook hands with her and smiled.
He went along with her.
He is distantly related to her.
He knows better than to argue with her.
He made it plain that he wanted to marry her.
He thought better of marrying her.
He decided to marry her.
He made up his mind to marry her.
He intended to marry her.
He persisted in marrying her.
He knows better than to marry her.
He promised to marry her.
He was unable to completely give up on his hopes of marrying her.
He is on friendly terms with her.
He is a distant relation of hers.
He is close with her.
He denied having met her last week.
He came to terms with her.
He was not able to marry her.
He made a bet with her.
He is as tall as her.
He is as tall as she.
He is no less diligent than she.
He can't swim like she can.
He couldn't bear to be apart from her.
He fell in love with her.
He suggested to her that she should buy it.
He asked her to call him later.
He asked her where her mother was.
He said that he had met her a week before.
He was determined never to meet her again.
He would not speak to her again.
He asked her if she was Jane.
He isn't good enough for her.
He asked her some questions.
He asked her to stay, but she didn't want to.
He bothered her with questions.
He was asked to give her some money.
He gave her a considerable sum of money.
He stole a kiss from her.
He ran past without noticing her.
He is deeply attached to her.
He bought her a sweater.
He was shown the photo by her.
It was she who made him do it.
He bought her some chocolates.
He took back what he had said about her.
He is particularly kind to her.
He asked her where she lived.
He will make her a good husband.
He is very friendly to her.
He asked her why she was crying.
He went to the length of saying that he would never speak to her again.
He forgot buying a present for her.
He's deeply attached to her.
He was urgent in insisting that she call the doctor.
He gave her a piece of advice.
I remember seeing her once.
He called her every other day.
He advised her to stop drinking.
He bade her adieu forever.
He whispered something to her.
He picked flowers for her.
He was all eagerness to see her.
His one thought is to see her.
He denied having met her.
He said that he had met her, which was a lie.
He couldn't convince her of her mistake.
He shouted to her to be careful.
"Val!" he shouted when he recognized her.
He drew up to her.
He went up to her and they shook hands.
He required her to explain how she spent money.
He told her that she was right.
He asked her to marry him and she accepted his proposal.
He asked her to marry him, but she refused.
He asked her to marry him, and she accepted.
He asked her to marry him, which proposal she refused.
He bought her a dog.
He knows her by sight.
He made advances to her.
He didn't offer thanks for the good harvest.
He gave her an engagement ring last night.
He waits on her.
He gave her a piece of paper.
He acquainted her with his plan.
He asked her if she knew him.
He gave her a warning against driving too fast.
He neglected to write her.
He said to her under his breath, "I love you."
He said to her under his breath.
He made her a new coat.
Is he nice to her?
He is not kind to her.
He didn't press her for an explanation.
He gave her a nice present.
He was humiliated by her.
He apologized to her for being late.
He urged her to drive carefully.
He wrote her a long letter, which he didn't mail.
He walked as fast as he could to catch up with her.
He pointed out some spelling errors to her.
He was to have called her up, but he forgot.
He meets his girlfriend Saturdays.
He revealed the secret to her.
He made her clean the room.
He bought a dress for her.
He took offence at her.
He is prejudiced against her.
He dropped her a line.
He gave her a book.
He made her a bookshelf.
He gave her a fond look.
He is not less diligent than she.
He nodded to her to come along.
He is no less qualified for the job than she is.
He is in love with her.
He is in love with her, but he tries to conceal his feelings.
He is good at imitating her Irish accent.
He grasped her meaning clearly.
He acts very shy in her presence.
He was deceived by her apparent friendliness.
He selected a Christmas gift for her.
He is in a rage with her.
He can't take his eyes off her.
He lay awake for hours thinking about her.
He went so far as to say that she was stupid.
He was impatient with her unfriendly attitude.
He seated himself beside her.
He is anxious for her news.
He kissed her on the cheek.
He tried to kill himself because he lost her love.
He gained her affections.
He was overwhelmed by the intensity of her love.
He won her affection.
He tried to gain her affection.
He adopted her idea.
He cursed her fate.
He cried in admiration of her performance.
He walked to and fro in front of her house.
He was afraid that he might hurt her feelings.
He trampled on her feelings.
He kept his eyes fixed on her face.
He stared her in the face.
He tried to attract her attention.
He stood close to her and tried to protect her from the typhoon.
He longed for her talented skills.
He is anxious about her health.
He put a hand gently on her shoulder.
He touched her on the shoulder.
He put his arm around her shoulders.
She has him wrapped around her finger.
He was angry at what she said.
He concentrated his attention on what she said.
He got angry with me.
He was angry at her words.
He took her remarks as flattery.
He could not help getting angry at her words.
He crossed her old telephone number off.
He besought her to favor him.
He did all he could to win her favor.
He put his arm around her waist.
He is jealous of her talent.
He stole money from her wallet.
He was ready to help her with dish-washing.
He is holding up her work.
He intruded on her privacy.
He's not serious about her at all - he's just playing with her.
He got away with her watch.
He scolded her for her weakness.
He took her by the hand.
He carried her luggage to the train.
He ripped up all her letters and photos.
He was not at all surprised at her ability.
He said that if he knew her address, he would write to her.
He ran up to her.
He ignored her advice.
He was attracted by her smile.
He didn't get her joke.
He could not help laughing at her jokes.
He was very hurt by her cruel words.
He responded to her offer with a laugh.
He traded on her kindness.
He made nothing of her success.
He rejoiced at her success.
He expressed his belief in her honesty.
He was envious of her way of living.
He detected in her voice a note of apprehension.
He put on airs in her presence.
He was cowed by her intelligence.
He spoke well of her son.
He collapsed at her feet.
He held her by the sleeve.
He was conscious of her presence.
He was the agent of her despair.
He is impatient for her arrival.
He yielded to her ardent wishes.
He sank the knife into her back.
He was curious to know her secret.
He betrayed her secret to his friends.
He is enamored of her beauty.
He praised her beauty and her singing.
He referred to your illness.
He chided her for her unfaithfulness.
He turned out her father.
He walked up to her.
He was married to her sister.
He fell captive to her charms.
He is displeased at her rude behavior.
He was deceived by her innocent appearance.
He held her daughter dear.
He glanced at her name tag.
Her name was often on his lips.
He said so to her face.
He looked her right in the eye.
He looked into her eyes and suddenly went away.
He told her firmly to realize how serious her condition was.
He made no mention of her request.
He flatly refused her requests for help.
He took her by the upper parts of her arms.
He sat next to her.
He doubted the truth of her story.
He did not like her manner of speech.
He caught her by the arm.
He seized her hand and dragged her away.
He is older than she is by three years.
He is beneath her in rank.
He has her on a pedestal.
He browbeat her into accepting it.
He scolded her.
He held her tightly.
He fixed his eyes on her.
He cheated her into believing it was true.
He deceived her into buying a precious jewel.
He tricked her into agreeing to his proposal.
He glanced at her.
He thought her very charming.
He took her out for a drive.
He ran across the street, leaving her alone.
He called her bad names.
He handed her up into the bus.
He swindled her.
He boosted her into the job.
He loves her. She loves him, too.
He loves her, but she doesn't like him.
He lured her with trinkets.
He set her mind at rest.
He tried to comfort her, but she kept crying.
Does he need to help her?
He slapped her.
He went so far as to hit her.
He invited her to go to the concert.
He characterized her as lively.
He risked his life to save her.
He went to the airport to see her off.
He made her happy.
He made her his wife.
He made her his secretary.
He helps her.
He did his best to help her.
He loves her dearly.
He reasoned her into believing what he said.
He tried to persuade her.
He tried to persuade her in vain.
He will be waiting for her.
He proposed asking her to lunch.
He engaged her as an interpreter.
He said nothing that would make her angry.
He apologized for having offended her.
He went so far as to call her a fool.
He insulted her. That is why she got angry.
He suddenly tightened his arm around her.
He could not but admire her.
He brought her to our place.
He took her aside and told her the news.
He deceived her, but even now she loves him.
He grumbled about the way they treated him.
He died a sad death.
He has a wistful look on his face.
He walked away with a sad look on his face.
He answered with a sad air.
He was beside himself with grief.
His heart is broken.
He has a tendency to be pessimistic.
His cup of misery was full.
He abandoned himself to grief.
He was heartbroken and hanged himself.
He was blind with sorrow.
He cried out and ran away.
He is sensitive to criticism.
He knows that his critics are waiting to pounce on any slip that he makes.
He is very sensitive to criticism.
He was too tired to walk any more.
He is too tired to go any farther.
He is too tired to study.
He leaned against the wall as he was tired.
He rested his tired limbs.
He was tired, and yet he went to help them.
He carried on with his work although he was tired.
Tired as he was, he went on working.
Although he was tired, he would not stop working.
He was tired but worked.
Tired as he was, he went to bed early.
As he was tired, he was lying on the sofa with his eyes closed.
Since he was tired, he turned in earlier than usual.
He is tired, and so am I.
He looks tired.
He seems tired.
He has given out.
He laid bare his secret feelings.
He had to part with his secretary when she got married.
He had his secretary make another copy.
He had his secretary translate the letter into English.
He had his secretary type letter.
He let his secretary go.
He dismissed his secretary, who was very idle.
He is the last person to give away the secret.
He tried to keep the secret back from us.
He found out the secret.
He had kept the secret to himself.
He knows the secret.
He didn't reveal his secret.
He is overweight.
He was well built, if not fat as such.
He exaggerates the harm done.
He left cost out of account.
He showed courage in the face of great danger.
He glared at me fiercely.
He was so confused that his answer did not make any sense.
He is such a tidy person. Every pot and pan is in its place.
He worked so hard that he succeeded.
He has increased his proficiency in English greatly.
He is very learned.
He is very strong--so much so that no one can defeat him.
He is too wise not to know that.
He is a very important person.
He achieved great success in life.
He is all nerves.
He is a very decent fellow.
He was too feeble to do manual labor.
His honesty was such that he was respected by everybody.
He is so honest that he is trusted by everyone.
So fast did he run that they couldn't catch up with him.
He was greatly respected, while his son was as much despised.
He spends a great deal of money on books.
He was so angry, he was red in the face.
He is active although he is very old.
He was very old and ill.
He is extremely pessimistic and has no aspirations.
He was so tired that he laid himself on the grass.
He likes a most beautiful flower.
He sang the song with great expression.
He is said to be very poor.
He is such a careless boy that he makes mistakes very often.
He is such a careless boy that he often makes mistakes.
He catches cold very easily.
He told his stories in a very unusual way.
He is a very forgetful fellow.
He was greatly praised, while I was as much scolded.
He pushed the emergency button.
He lacks common sense.
He stood tall even under criticism.
He is endowed with unusual ability in mathematics.
He jumped on.
He nods and shakes the spheres.
He likes travelling abroad by air.
He hates air travel.
He flew to Paris.
He flew from London to Paris.
He went from Tokyo to Osaka by plane.
He doesn't like traveling by air.
He objected to traveling by plane.
He lived in the days when air travel was considered dangerous.
He may have missed the plane.
He looked back at me before he went on board the plane.
He bought a plane ticket.
He survived the crash, only to die in the desert.
He survived the plane crash.
He was killed in an airplane accident.
He likes air travel.
He disguised his sorrow with a smile.
He smiled and left.
He hid his sadness behind a smile.
He smiled and said goodbye.
He frowned and turned away.
He had a good fortune to marry a beautiful girl.
She has a beautiful voice.
Love for art carried him abroad.
He has a fine library of books on art.
He was tired from walking round museums.
He teaches arts and crafts in a school.
His nose is his best feature.
His nose bled.
He decided to play it safe and pull out of the tournament due to his injured knee.
He was knee deep in mud.
He never fails to come here at three.
He makes a point of taking the eight o'clock bus.
He is bound to solve this question.
He will never fail to carry out the project.
He never fails to write to his parents once a month.
He never fails write to his parents once a month.
He is sure to come to see us.
He will scold us no matter what.
He is sure to pass the exam.
It is certain that he'll win the game.
He'll be sure to get on in life.
He will succeed without fail.
He always took a seat in the front row.
He is a natural to win the Presidency.
He never fails to give her a birthday present.
He is sure to accomplish his purpose.
He never failed to keep his promise.
He can not fail to keep his promise.
He was always true to his promises.
He never fails to keep his word with his friends.
He ran for his life.
He had complete mastery over the necessary mathematics formula.
He said that necessity is the mother of invention.
He asked me for more money than was necessary.
He has more money than is needed.
He earns his bread by writing.
He is a good correspondent.
He made believe that he was a millionaire.
He slipped on the ice.
He fell down on the ice and broke his arm.
He fell down on the ice and hurt his leg.
He made a house on the ice.
He filed the surface smooth.
He appears sly on the surface.
He has a good reputation.
He is a man of good reputation.
He became more and more famous as a critic.
He regained consciousness in the hospital.
He wants to work in a hospital.
He's in charge of administration at the hospital.
Hardly had he arrived at the hospital when he breathed his last.
He built hospitals and helped the people of Africa improve their lives.
I'm afraid he is ill.
It is said that he is sick.
He was sick, so he did not go out.
He may have been ill.
He must have been ill.
He went to work in spite of his illness.
He was ill, so he lay in bed all day long.
He was ill, and so they were quiet.
He was ill, so he couldn't come.
He couldn't come because he was sick.
He was absent from school because he was sick.
He seems to have been ill.
I hear he is ill.
He said he was sick, which was a lie.
It seemed that he had been ill.
He is ill. That is why he is not here.
He seems to be ill.
He has been confined to his bed with illness.
I suspect he is ill.
He is confined to his house by illness.
He was absent from school on account of illness.
He is absent because of illness.
He remains sick in bed.
He may be sick in bed.
I am told that he is ill in bed.
It's a pity that he should be ill in bed.
He was wasted away by illness.
He could not come on account of his illness.
He cannot come, he is ill.
He quit the company on the grounds that he was ill.
He resigned on the grounds that he was ill.
He thinks nothing of his illness.
It is probable that he is ill.
He is sick and should be treated as such.
I wonder if he's really sick.
He's pale because he's sick.
He was absent because of illness.
He was taken ill.
He fell ill, and therefore he gave up going abroad.
He looks as if he is going to be ill.
He is afraid of becoming sick.
He attended the meeting in spite of illness.
He must be sick; he looks pale.
He could not attend the party because of illness.
He could not go on the hike because he was ill.
He was absent from school because of illness.
He could not join us because he was ill.
He could not take examination on account of his illness.
Illness prevented him from doing his work.
He could not come because he was ill.
On account of illness he absented himself from school.
He was absent owing to illness.
He resigned his post on account of illness.
He cannot be ill.
It looks as if he were sick.
It seemed that he was sick.
He showed great courage during his illness.
He comes to see his sick friend day after day.
He seems ill.
He is suffering from an aggravated disease.
He seemed to have been ill.
He's still in poor health after his illness.
He resigned on the grounds of ill health.
He is handicapped by poor health.
I am concerned about his poor health.
He acted as if he were ill.
He watched with the patient.
He is a common sort of man.
He went to the beach, and looked far across the sea toward the horizon.
He is poor, but he is in high spirits.
He's poor, but he's honest.
Poor as he is, he is happy.
He is not ashamed of being poor.
Poverty drove him to steal.
He was poor and could not buy it.
He is poor, it appears.
He was a poor musician.
He was born so poor that he received hardly any school education.
He held out a helping hand to the poor.
He has done many things for poor people.
He was born of poor parents.
Though he was poor, he was happy.
Though he was poor, he was nonetheless happy.
Poor as he was, he couldn't go to college.
He could not send his son to college because of poverty.
He was poor and lived in a small cabin.
He is poor and could not buy a coat.
He concealed his poverty from my eyes.
He doesn't know what it is to be poor.
He is poor, but he never complains.
He is poor, but he doesn't care about money.
He is poor, but honest.
He was happy, poor as he was.
He had no choice but to give up school because of poverty.
He is poor but is too proud to ask for help.
He didn't like being poor.
He ascribes his poverty to bad luck.
He was in the grip of poverty.
He passed the test in the face of poverty.
He is as poor as can be.
He remained a poor man.
He is man who I think has never known poverty.
He knows quite well what it is like to be poor.
He does not know what it is to be poor.
He thinks nothing of poverty.
He contributed much money to relieving the poor.
He shifted about uneasily in his chair.
He looked around uneasily.
He felt ill at ease.
He felt uneasy.
He tried to banish his anxiety.
He had an unpleasant screechy voice.
He used chopsticks in an awkward way.
He seems to be all thumbs.
He complained that he was unfairly treated.
He complained of having been treated unfairly.
He lived an unhappy life.
He had the misfortune to lose his son.
His misfortune gained him sympathy.
He was in the depth of misery.
He is the last man to commit an irregularity.
He likes strange animals, things like snakes, for example.
He has an incurable disease.
He contracted an incurable disease.
He commented on his unsuccessful business negotiation.
He dedicated his life to fighting corruption.
He has a bad reputation of being dishonest.
He reproached me for carelessness.
He drove carelessly and had an accident.
He makes careless mistakes, and does so frequently.
He was so careless as to leave the door open.
He was careless as to leave the door open.
He carelessly forgot the camera in the bus.
He was so careless as to take the wrong train.
His carelessness cost him a broken leg.
He made a mistake through carelessness.
As a result of his carelessness, he made a serious blunder.
He made over the estate to his children.
He bargained with the house agent for a lower price.
He is an evil man.
He pouted with dissatisfaction.
He complains, and with reason.
He is subject to insomnia.
He finished his work without sleep or rest.
He got a shameful title.
He was crowned with eternal victory.
He dwelt on an unpleasant subject for two hours.
He neglected his health and now he's sick in bed.
He died an unnatural death.
He fell into bad company.
He is hard to get along with.
He is not very good company.
He was sitting on the quay.
His wife had him wrapped around her little finger.
He helped the lady into the car.
He approached her in the disguise of a policewoman.
He was interested in only the pursuit of wealth.
He has accumulated wealth.
He equates wealth with happiness.
He heaped up a fortune.
He tried to accumulate wealth.
He gave me a stern look.
He behaved like he was afraid.
He is afraid to fly in an airplane.
He's getting cold feet.
He has three dependents to support.
He's just an ordinary office worker.
He is nothing but an ordinary man.
His strength is much greater than that of an ordinary man.
He's just an ordinary man.
He usually uses credit cards instead of cash.
He looks gloomy.
He can't even float let alone swim.
He was cheating.
He is under fire for his affair.
He took over the business from his father.
He wasted that which he had received from his father.
He is proud that his father was a great scientist.
He got over the shock of his father's death.
He was surprised his father had sold the farm.
He is not as tall as his father.
He is the picture of his father.
He disagreed with his father.
He has just as many books as his father does.
He asked his father to take him to the store.
He finally talked his father into buying a new car.
He is not less clever than his father.
He is no less wise than his father.
He will live up to his father's expectations.
He gave up going abroad to study because of his father's sudden death.
He went there as his father told him.
He avenged the murder of his father.
He wants to take over his father's business.
He avenged his father's death.
He cared for his mother after his father died.
He keeps quiet so that he won't disturb his father.
He didn't help his father.
He went there instead of his father.
He made little of his father's advice.
He is inclined to make light of his father's advice.
He has some share of his father's genius.
He helps out in his father's store.
He is far taller than his father is.
He found it difficult to please his father.
He has a hatred for his father.
He respects his father.
He felt sad because he lost his father.
He has lost the watch given by his father.
He is proud of his father being rich.
He found his father lying in the kitchen.
He said his father was ill, which was a lie.
He is ashamed of his father being poor.
Everyone says that he is the very image of his father.
He couldn't make good on a promise he had made to his father.
He has as many books as his father does.
He can ski as skillfully as his father.
He did business in the same manner as his father did.
He closely resembles his father.
He is not equal to his father.
He is not less clever than his father is.
He has never been scolded by his father.
Do you think he resembles his father?
I think he takes after his father.
He begged his father to buy him a bicycle.
He is the very image of his father.
He was impertinent to his father.
He resembles his father very much.
He is no less clever than his father is.
He avenged his father.
He never takes any notice of what his father says.
He played the guitar very well in his father's presence.
He got the job by virtue of his father's connections.
He went abroad soon after his father.
He has taken charge of his father's company.
He acquiesced in his father's decision.
He took over his father's business.
He must succeed to his father's business.
He took charge of the family business after his father died.
He went not to help his father but to borrow money from him.
He can't say anything to his father's face.
He was substituted for his father.
He substituted for his father.
He succeeded to his father's large property.
He ignored his father's advice.
He was the instrument of his father's crimes.
He is concerned about his father's illness.
He was named Robert after his father.
He followed in his father's footsteps.
He is more human in thinking than his father.
He is in constant dread of his father.
He takes after his father.
He took his defeat hard.
He admitted himself defeated.
He didn't acknowledge defeat.
He pulled the wounded soldier to the nearby bush.
In spite of being insulted, he managed to keep his temper.
He got angry at being insulted.
He was subjected to insult.
He played "Hamlet" on the stage.
He acted on the stage.
He has made a fine comeback on the stage.
He died of a heart attack on the stage.
He is standing on the stage.
He was left alone in the center of the stage.
He gave a ball.
He carried the chairs out of the room.
He went out of the room.
He came out of the room.
He was made to go out of the room.
He bolted out of the room.
He complains of the room being so small.
He complained of the room being too small.
He complained about the room being too hot and humid.
He said he did not enter the room, which was a lie.
He forced his way into the room.
He ran into the room.
He entered the room.
He came into the room.
He spoke to whoever came into the room.
He hates cleaning his room.
He had to clean his room.
He stood up in the room and looked around.
He walked up and down the room.
He walked back and forth in the room.
He kept walking up and down the room.
He set things in order in his room.
He shares a room.
He looked around the room.
He put his room in order.
He ordered me to clean the room.
He keeps the room to himself.
He keeps his room clean.
He made himself heard across the room.
He jumped about the room.
He walked in front of his men.
He led his men and horses over snowy mountains and down into hot valleys.
He growled out orders to his subordinates.
He is popular with his men.
He has no authority over his staff members.
He damned his men right and left.
He detected his men's misconduct.
He opened the envelope only to be disappointed.
He ripped the envelope open.
He sat for a long time, listening to the sound of the wind.
He must have gotten over his cold.
He never takes medicine for his cold.
He is under the care of the doctor with a cold.
He is suffering from a cold.
He was in bed with a cold.
He came down with a cold.
He is said to have a cold.
I should say he has caught cold.
He is apt to catch cold.
He seems to have caught a cold.
Though he had a cold, he went to work.
He seems like he's got a few screws loose.
He refrained from taking a bath.
He took a hot bath and turned on the TV.
He took full advantage of the wrapper.
He was driven by revenge.
He revenged himself.
He gets his way by throwing his weight around.
He is a man of wide experience.
He jumped into the water clothes and all.
He gave his coat a brush.
He took off his clothes and put on his pajamas.
The tidiness of his clothes always impressed me.
He is untidily dressed.
He is careless about his clothes.
He is indifferent to what he wears.
He despised those who lived on welfare.
He works at the welfare office.
He once belonged to the Fukuda faction.
He eats till he is full.
He told me that he was hungry.
He is a thoroughly dishonest character.
It appears to me that he is angry.
His apparent anger proved to be only a joke.
He lost his temper and shouted at me.
He has a black heart.
He looked at her angrily.
He pounded the table in a fit of anger.
He devised a complicated clockwork toy.
He is good at solving complicated mathematical problems.
He was converted from Buddhism to Christianity.
He carved a Buddhist image out of wood.
I account him to be a man of sense.
He is a man of understanding.
He is slow to learn.
He lives by begging.
He is buried in thought.
While he was lost in thought, he heard his name called.
He's been taught to accept things as they are.
He tends to consider things too much earnestly.
He was a quiet fellow and came from a good family.
He came across some old documents in the closet.
He is second to none in physics.
He is completely at home in physics.
He's a teacher of physics, but can also teach math.
He understands physics.
He was trying to make an experiment in physics.
He had a book on physics published.
He is doing physics.
He is a physicist.
He was a little old man with thick glasses.
He has attained to years of discretion.
He has more sense than to say such a foolish thing.
He treated himself to a new car.
He devoted himself to the study of literature.
He learned to appreciate literature.
He went to Italy with a view to studying literature.
He is a man of letters.
He is reading a book of literary criticism.
He is altogether a giant.
He is a real fool.
He is literally stupid.
He is a good writer.
He proved to be a good writer.
He pretended not to be listening.
He walked on tiptoe lest he be heard.
He is a good listener but a poor speaker.
He got out of the trouble by making believe that he couldn't hear.
He is a professor of economics at Hyogo University.
He yelled out an order to the soldiers.
He went to China as a soldier, never to come back.
He is exempt from the military service.
He was subjected to strict military discipline while in the service.
He placed the ladder against the fence.
He threw a ball over the fence.
He climbed over the fence.
He escaped from prison by climbing over a wall.
He has no scruples about lying.
No scruple held him back from making this attempt.
He walks seven miles a day on an average.
He was a man of average height.
He lost his balance and fell off the ladder.
He looked calm, but actually he was very nervous.
He sank the deal without batting an eyelash.
He dedicated his life to peace.
He emphasized the importance of peace.
He tried to bring about peace.
He worked hard to promote peace.
He is a boy of singular intelligence.
He is above the ordinary type of student.
He is a cut above the average college student.
He has an extraordinary faculty for mathematics.
He is good, not to say exceptional.
He grows rice.
He wanted to see his boss in Tokyo before leaving for America.
He acquired American citizenship.
He must be an American.
He is at home in American literature.
He stood on one leg, leaning against the wall.
He was leaning against the wall.
He leaned against the wall.
He pressed his ear against the wall.
He fixed the bookshelf to the wall.
He filled up the hole in the wall.
He drew a straight line on the wall.
He painted all the walls green.
I hear he's just begun looking for another job.
She committed her baby to her divorced husband.
He took his leave and set out in the dark.
He had an odd look on his face.
He had a strange dream.
He has changed.
He held the wheel with one hand and waved to me with the other.
He carries fire in one hand and water in the other.
He stood up with his hat in his hand.
He walked with a limp.
He ducked down on one knee.
He is blind in one eye.
He was declared insolvent.
He was at a loss for an answer.
He is the man you can rely on.
He looked upon any time not spent in study as so much lost time.
He's coming along nicely with his studies.
He failed in the examination because he had not studied.
He likes sports as well as study.
He concentrated on his studies.
He applied himself to his study.
He was too intent on studying to hear my call.
He is diligent in his study.
He wanted to make the most of his chance to learn.
Why should he feel drowsy whenever he begins to study?
He is lazy in his study.
I found him at his books.
He is doing his work.
While he was studying, he fell asleep.
He is diligent in his studies.
He is a lawyer and must be treated as such.
I don't believe he is a lawyer.
He is no good as a lawyer.
He is capable as a lawyer.
He decided to trust the lawyer with the document.
He is studying hard so that he may become a lawyer.
He studied day and night so that he might become a lawyer.
He studied day and night with a view to becoming a lawyer.
He should have been a lawyer.
He clung to the hope that he could be a lawyer.
He decided to be a lawyer.
He let on that he was a lawyer.
He is qualified to be a lawyer.
He trusted his defense attorney.
He has a lunch.
He took a job with an insurance company.
He is an executive in an insurance company.
He received a large sum in insurance benefit.
He is conservative to a degree.
He has remained pro-conservative throughout.
He is in chains.
He was held in captivity.
Does he go to school on foot or by bicycle?
He walks to school.
He walked through the forest.
He whistled as he went along.
He will walk.
He's a quick walker.
He is well off.
He longed for his mother.
He has to support his mother and his sister.
He was in a hurry to see his mother.
He was no better than a motherless child.
His mother is worried about him.
He did nothing but weep when he heard of his mother's death.
He flouted his mother's advice.
He never fails to call his mother on her birthday.
He was exiled from his country.
He received a telegram saying that his mother had died.
He was as good a pianist as his mother.
He resembles his mother.
He was scolded by his mother.
He writes letters to his mother.
He showed his mother around the city.
He is anxious about his mother's health.
He rejoiced at his mother's arrival.
He became famous thanks to his mother.
He held a package under his arm.
He was shocked into silence.
He skimmed through the report.
He is busy typing the reports.
He was busy collecting stuff for his report.
He doctored his report.
He had his secretary type the report.
He was given a gold watch as a reward.
He has a sharp eye for jewels.
He is alleged to have stolen the jewelry.
He was accused of stealing the jewels.
He played baseball after school.
He was expelled from school.
His arrogance led to his downfall.
He has no sense of direction.
He pointed out how important it is to observe the law.
He broke the law.
He was accused of having violated the law.
He is an undergraduate in the law department.
He got a master's degree in law.
He was summoned to appear in court.
He keeps to the letter of the law.
He was caught in the clutches of the law.
He wanted to follow law as a career.
He has a disregard for the law.
He made law his life career.
He was trained as a lawyer.
He was no match for a lawyer.
He had worked for the law firm for six years.
He found the evidence that bees can communicate with each other.
Whenever he calls on me, he leaves something behind.
He was rich in experiences.
He brushed his hat.
He kept his hat on.
He stood there with his hat on.
He has a hat on.
He had no hat on.
He went out without a hat.
He ran into the room with his hat and overcoat on.
He thumped his hat flat.
He entered the room with his hat off.
He acknowledged me by raising his hat.
He wore his hat askew.
He took off his hat and made a polite bow.
He went back to get his hat.
He picked up a hat and put it on to see how it would look.
He put a cap on his head.
He is apt to forget.
He was becoming forgetful, which bothered him a lot.
He wrote down my phone number in case he should forget it.
He is wandering around in a trance.
He declined my request, saying that he was busy.
Is he busy?
He said he was busy.
I thought he was busy, but on the contrary he was idle.
In as much as he is busy, he can't meet you.
He is a busy man, so you can only get in touch with him by telephone.
He doesn't see his family in his busy life.
He lived a busy life.
He was busy.
He was busy, but he took the time to show me around the city.
He's too busy.
He was charged with assault and battery.
He was compelled to resort to violence.
He gave up hope.
He will not abandon all hope.
He attained his hopes.
He is capable of deceiving others to get what he wants.
He achieved his desired goal.
He put his eye to a telescope.
He looked at the ship through his telescope.
He was engaged in making a telescope.
He likes adventure.
He felt the lure of adventure.
He went traveling in search of adventure.
He is fond of adventure.
He was full of adventure.
He made his fortune from commerce.
He gave the barking dog a vicious kick.
He has been in Hokkaido before.
He has gone to Hokkaido.
He went skiing in Hokkaido.
He has been to Hokkaido.
He postponed leaving for Hokkaido until next month.
He is not from Hokkaido.
He left on an expedition to the North Pole.
He sprang from one of the best families in the north.
He bet me twenty dollars that I wouldn't do it.
He never takes into account the fact that I am very busy.
He helped me do my homework.
He was angry that I had insulted him.
He's holding the real story back from us.
He objected to our plan.
He introduced me to a pretty girl.
He appointed me to do this task.
I'm sure he is keeping something from me.
I felt as if he shrank from meeting me.
He asked me if I wanted to go abroad.
He leveled his gun at me.
He pressed me for a prompt reply.
He showed me her picture in private.
He showed me her picture.
He cautioned me against being careless of my health.
He sent me a letter of appreciation.
He robbed me of my bag.
He struck me a heavy blow in the face.
He dealt me a blow in the face.
He patted me on the shoulder.
He affected not to hear me.
He was deaf to my pleas.
He cares little for my advice.
He disregarded my advice.
He reluctantly agreed to my proposal.
He hit me on the head.
He looked back at me and grinned.
He is older than I by two years, but less tall than I.
He is much taller than I am.
He has fewer friends than I.
He called me Ichiro.
He came all the way from Nikko to see me off.
He came to see me any time he felt like it.
He is studying to be a minister.
He confessed his sins to the pastor.
He coated the wall with paint.
He is badly off, because his book doesn't sell well.
He is what you might call a bookworm.
He ordered the book from the publisher in the United States.
Does he have many books?
He left the book on the table.
He tore the book apart.
He seldom, if ever, reads a book.
He put aside the book.
He left his books all around the house.
He stuck the book in his bag.
He has a book.
He got out a book and began to read it.
He stretched out his arm to take the book.
He wants to dispose of his books.
He read the book from cover to cover.
He will sit for hours reading books.
He kept reading a book.
He goes to the library to read books.
He likes to read books.
He stopped reading a book.
He does little else than read books.
Is he reading a book?
He approached the boy reading a book.
He dropped in at the bookstore.
He showed what he meant.
He doesn't mean it; he's just acting.
He took the photos in earnest.
He began working in earnest.
He started to study in earnest.
He is by far the best baseball player at our school.
He was reluctant to reveal what he really meant.
He has become expert in hiding his true feeling.
He handed down books from the shelf.
He got down the book from the shelf.
He has a large number of books on his bookshelf.
He put the books on the shelf out of order.
Do you think he will really give up?
He is a nice person.
He's quite a nice fellow but I don't like him.
He does know the fact.
That's really what he ate.
He is very clever indeed.
He plays dirty pool.
He is a really good worker.
He does want to be a wrestler, but he is too thin.
He will be really pleased.
He is really dull to hardship.
He is really a nitpicker.
He lent me the money quite willingly.
He's really in good shape.
He is a very smart boy.
He isn't really sad; he's only acting.
He doesn't seem to know his real self.
He had really come to get gold.
He is buying some wood so that he can make a bookcase.
He is basically a nice man.
He always stands aloof from the masses.
He rises above the rest of mankind.
He hit an easy fly.
He was put under anesthesia.
I hear he is good at mahjong.
He was dropped from the team for using drugs.
He lived in obscurity.
He doesn't have a sister.
He got a cold from his sister.
He made it for his sister.
He made his sister a nice pen tray.
He cut his sister a piece of bread.
He grabbed the chocolate away from his sister.
He gave his blood to help his sister.
He took his sister along.
He earns half a million yen a month.
How much money does he make a month?
He puts aside some money every month.
He puts aside a little money each month.
He never fails to write to his mother every month.
He puts ten dollars aside every week.
He laid aside a few dollars each week.
He reads as many as twenty books every week.
He washes the bike every week.
He never fails to write to his mother every week.
He washes the car every week.
He put aside a few dollars each week.
He never fails to write to her every week.
He reads the paper every morning.
He was in the habit of taking a walk before breakfast every morning.
He was in the habit of taking a walk before breakfast.
He said that he gets up at o'clock every day.
He makes it a rule to get up at six every morning.
He never misses reading the papers every day.
He walks his dog every morning.
He went for a swim in the lake every morning.
He walks in the park every morning.
He said that he takes a walk in the park every morning.
He said that he takes a walk every morning.
He makes it a rule to take a walk every morning.
He has a walk every morning.
He gets up as early as five every morning.
He would sooner die than get up early every morning.
He shaves with an electric razor every morning.
He has a bath every morning.
He makes it a rule to get up at six every day.
He made up his mind to keep a diary every day.
He makes it a rule to keep a diary every day.
He always makes it a rule to take an hour's walk every day.
He studied for one and a half hours every day.
He drinks a glass of water every morning.
He tests engines every day.
He made a point of reading ten pages every day.
He does not come here every day.
He doesn't come here every day.
He is loafing every day.
He has his trousers pressed every day.
He goes there every day.
He plays tennis every day.
He watches TV every day.
Does he watch television every day?
He called me up almost every day.
He consumed much of each day in idle speculation.
He seems to be oppressed by his monotonous daily life.
He drinks a lot of milk every day.
He goes swimming in the river every day.
Does he study English every day?
He runs to the station every morning.
He makes it a rule to read aloud every day.
He practiced every day at home.
He used to eat out every day, but now he can't afford it.
He has to have his blood pressure taken every day.
He runs in the park every day.
He likes to spend some time in solitude every day.
He carries his umbrella about with him every day.
He said that he takes a walk every day.
He called me day after day.
He reads a novel every day.
He makes it a rule to work in the garden for two hours every day.
He never fails to come to see me every day.
He never fails to write to his mother every day.
He plays baseball every day.
He goes abroad every year.
He goes to Karuizawa every year.
He skis in Hokkaido every winter.
He calls her up every night.
He laid his head on the pillow.
He set out on his travels again.
He is the baby of the family.
He will be remembered always.
He never saves money for a rainy day.
He said that everything would turn out well.
He is careless in everything.
He lifted it up with all his might.
I understand him to be satisfied.
He professed himself satisfied.
He got full marks.
He was all smiles.
He can't do without comics.
He chuckled at the comics.
He does nothing but read comics.
He is absorbed in his manga magazine.
He was absorbed in a manga.
He is quite a character.
He travels about the world gathering facts about little known countries.
He entered the garden secretly.
He has a secret desire to play.
His pulse beats slow.
He looked at me with a strange expression.
He died a soldier's death in the battle in the cause of democracy.
He stands for democracy.
He entered the Democratic Party but soon left it.
He adheres to the Democratic party.
He was bidding for popular support.
His eyes were heavy with sleep.
He is asleep.
He will be sleeping.
He pretended to be sleeping.
He looked asleep, but he was really dead.
While sleeping, he snored loudly.
I fell asleep.
He looked for a place in which to sleep.
He is nothing more than a dreamer.
He is a boy with many dreams.
He was absorbed in reading.
He looked absorbed in reading the article.
He is as poor as a rat.
He is a rude person.
He is reticent and he never speaks unless spoken to.
He is a silent, manly boy.
It is generally believed that he was innocent.
He said he was innocent, but all the same we believed he was guilty.
He is generally believed to have been innocent.
He must be innocent.
He was acquitted.
He is rude, but I love him all the same.
He apologized for his rudeness, but she wouldn't forgive him.
He has rough manners.
He made a rude reply.
He is a man to be reckoned with.
He came home safe.
He arrived safely.
He returned home safely, which pleased his parents.
I believe that he is innocent.
I bet my bottom dollar he is innocent.
It is believed that he was innocent.
They declared that they were innocent.
He is under a false accusation.
He put on an air of innocence.
He ran as a candidate, independent of any party.
He heartlessly deserted his wife.
He quit without notice.
He used her bike without asking permission.
He was absent without leave.
Besides being ignorant, he is too proud.
He pretended ignorance, which made me still more angry.
He gets a kick out of reckless driving.
He was forced to buy stocks.
He made me go against my will.
He was made to do it against his will.
He compelled me to make a speech.
He was forced to work overtime.
He made me sign the paper against my will.
He was coerced into helping the thieves.
He forced her to sit down.
He dared to doubt my sincerity.
He apologized for his rudeness.
He isn't consistent with himself.
The mist prevented him from seeing very far.
He broke down completely on hearing of his daughter's death.
He was shocked to hear that his daughter had shoplifted.
He gave his daughter quite a lot of money.
He bought his daughter a dress.
He sent fruit and vegetables to his daughter.
He bought his daughter a new dress.
He left his daughter a great fortune.
He was angry with his daughter.
He kissed his daughter on the forehead.
He did not consent to his daughter's marriage.
He took offense at his daughter's behavior.
Every month, he saved ten thousand yen out of his income for his daughter.
He loves his daughter, but his wife doesn't.
He married his daughter to a rich man.
He married his daughter to a bank clerk.
He introduced his daughter to me.
He has married his daughter to a young lawyer.
He argued his daughter out of marrying Tom.
He married his daughter to a lawyer.
He is the president in name only.
He is a good doctor.
He presented his card.
He seeks fame and wealth.
He associates only with prestigious people.
He was not anxious for fame.
He sought for his name.
He is thirsty for fame.
He was desperate to defend his reputation.
He is eager for fame.
He is a scholar by name, not in fact.
He was gray, like his name.
He is weak on names.
He is just a Mr Nobody.
He is prime minister in name, but not in reality.
He was born into a noble family.
He ran away for dear life.
He ran away for his life.
His life is in danger.
He saved the child at the risk of his life.
He saved her at the risk of his life.
He rescued the dog at the risk of his own life.
He saved the child at the risk of his own life.
He turned off the light and he went to bed.
He is above suspicion.
He was clearly embarrassed.
He is without doubt one of the most successful businessmen in Japan.
He is admittedly an able leader.
He went home while it was still light.
He is a cheerful boy.
He will reach Kyoto the day after tomorrow.
He began his lecture with the Meiji Restoration.
He'll be busy tomorrow.
I'm sure he will come tomorrow.
He will leave here tomorrow.
He will play soccer tomorrow.
He must go there tomorrow.
He will come to you tomorrow.
He will play tennis tomorrow.
I expect him to come along any day now.
He will be having dinner with her at this time tomorrow.
He is coming to see me tomorrow afternoon.
He may come tomorrow afternoon.
He will be playing tennis tomorrow afternoon.
He is going to leave tomorrow afternoon.
He will be talking with his family at this time tomorrow.
He will be in London at this time tomorrow.
He sent me a letter saying that he'd arrive at ten tomorrow morning.
He will arrive in Paris tomorrow.
He will be at home tomorrow.
He will be free tomorrow.
He will be busy tomorrow.
He probably won't go on the picnic tomorrow. I won't either.
He is leaving for Peru tomorrow, isn't he?
He will end the work by tomorrow.
He will have done his homework by tomorrow.
He comes home from his trip to Europe tomorrow.
He will be able to hand in his report tomorrow.
He parted from me saying that he would see me the next day, but I have not heard from him since.
He is going to go to school tomorrow.
He will be back tomorrow.
He will not be back tomorrow.
He will arrive in Kyoto tomorrow.
He will call on me tomorrow.
Will he call on me tomorrow?
He is going to start tomorrow.
He is to start tomorrow.
He is scheduled to come up to Tokyo tomorrow.
He will have to get up early tomorrow.
He will have to help his mother in the kitchen tomorrow.
He is due to arrive tomorrow.
He will set out for China tomorrow.
He will go to Tokyo tomorrow, won't he?
He leaves for Tokyo tomorrow.
This morning he said that he is leaving for Nara tomorrow.
He is flying to Paris tomorrow.
They are going off by plane tomorrow.
He will play baseball tomorrow.
He will come tomorrow.
I believe he is coming tomorrow.
He made a speech in plain English.
He has a keen awareness of the problem.
He is a cheerful young man.
He rarely goes to the movies.
He seldom goes to church.
He seldom gets angry or irritated.
He hardly ever opens a book.
He's going from strength to strength.
He flunked his driving test three times.
He carried out the plan he had made in detail.
He sometimes makes me feel strange when we meet each other face to face.
He sees no company.
He knows many amusing magic tricks.
He did it for fun.
Because he didn't want to lose face, he refused my offer to help him.
He likes to build model planes.
He is very taken up with building model airplanes.
He didn't half swear.
He fixed the net.
He cut off a branch from the tree.
They extended a rope from tree to tree.
He fell from the tree.
He stuck his knife into the tree.
He collided with a tree.
He kept standing against a tree.
He was sleeping under the tree.
He cut some branches off the tree.
He remained dumb.
He remained silent, so that she got still more angry.
He remained silent, which made her still more angry.
He was not allowed to remain silent.
He silently went out of the room.
He woke up to find himself lying on a bench in the park.
His eyesight is bad.
Hardly had he woke up when he remembered the embarrassing incident of the previous night.
He made up his mind to jog in spite of his blindness.
He went blind.
He thanked me with his eyes.
He is getting better quickly.
He was sitting in the armchair, his eyes closed and his arms folded.
He sat there with his eyes closed.
He awoke to find the house on fire.
He awoke to find himself lying on the bed in the hospital.
He was pop-eyed with surprise.
He came in with his eyes shining.
He came out of the room with his eyes shining.
He came into the room with his eyes shining.
He listened to the story with his eyes shining.
He was listening to me with his eyes shining.
He put on sunglasses to protect his eyes from ultraviolet rays.
He stood still with his eyes closed.
He stood there with his eyes closed.
He listened to the music with his eyes closed.
He lay on a sofa, with his eyes closed.
He sat at his desk, with his eyes closed.
He was thinking about his work with his eyes closed.
He kissed her, with his eyes closed.
He sat beside her with his eyes closed.
He closed his eyes.
He is the leading hitter of the Pacific League at present.
He is the leading hitter at present.
He's under treatment.
He awoke to find himself lying on the bench.
He runs a company in Meguro.
He behaves respectfully toward his superiors.
He achieved his purpose.
He worked hard to obtain his objective.
He endeavors to attain his goal.
He didn't eat all of the rice cakes.
He will come back.
He will explain it to you when he comes back.
He is deeply intent on carrying out the plan in question.
He solved the problem with great ease.
To his great joy, he succeeded in solving the problem.
It appears that he has worked out a solution to his problem.
He's inviting nothing but trouble.
He says he will inquire into the matter.
He raised a problem.
He stopped short at the gate.
He was standing at the gate.
He went no farther than the gate.
He hung the gate on hinges.
He used to read at night.
He told us that visions would appear to him during the night.
He is generally at home in the evening.
He was used to going out at night.
He is the king of the night.
He looked up at the night sky.
He sat up late at night.
He is accustomed to sitting up late.
He was accustomed to sitting up late.
He is used to sitting up late at night.
He fell into the habit of keeping late hours.
He is in the habit of sitting up till late at night.
He called on me at night.
He worked far into the night.
He works even late at night.
He sits up till late at night.
He made us work till late at night.
He often sits up late writing letters.
He sits up studying till late at night.
He was robbed when coming home late at night.
He didn't get in until o'clock in the morning.
He worked at night and slept in the daytime.
He preferred studying at night.
He likes baseball very much.
He is good at baseball.
He is crazy about baseball.
He likes not only baseball but football.
He has a big future in baseball.
He showed great skill at baseball.
He has got baseball on the brain.
He broke his leg in the baseball game.
He had to write an account of the baseball game.
He is a baseball player.
He likes either baseball or football.
He likes neither baseball nor football.
He prefers football to baseball.
He doesn't care much for baseball.
He does not play baseball.
He can play baseball.
He is second to none when it comes to playing baseball.
He's very good at playing baseball.
He enjoyed playing baseball.
He is content with his life as a baseball player.
He may become a baseball player.
He joined the baseball club.
He is a member of the baseball club.
He let his dog run free in the field.
He looked at the cows in the fields.
He is fond of vegetables, and cabbages in particular.
She eats nothing but vegetables.
His ambition made him work hard.
He is full of ambition.
He wants to go back to the wild.
He went to Africa to see wild animals.
He has proven that he is not worth his salt.
He buys only what'll be useful for him.
He is aiming for the directorship.
He is an actor among actors.
He retired from office.
He went to Italy ten years ago and has lived there ever since.
He caught twenty butterflies.
He made good what he had promised to do.
He carried out what he had promised.
He stuck to his promise.
He betrayed his promises.
He is bound by his promise.
He came five minutes behind the appointed time.
He is always on time for an appointment.
He is apt to be late for the appointed time.
He was in time for the appointment.
You have made a promise.
He will stick to his promise if he gives it.
He is as good as his word.
He didn't carry out his promise.
He always fulfills his promises.
He translated promise into actions.
He often fails to keep his promise.
He did not abide by his promise.
He apologized to us for having broken his promise.
He is a man of his word, so if he said he'd help, he will.
As he is a man of his word, he will surely pay what he owes to you.
He's a man of his word, so you can count on him.
He broke his word.
He broke his word, which made his wife angry.
He broke his promise, which was a big mistake.
He must be condemned for breaking his promise.
He accused me of having broken our promise.
He often breaks his word, but I like him all the same.
I'm sure he won't fail to keep his word.
He would be the last man to break his word.
He is apt to forget his promise.
He came according to his promise.
He is engaged in export.
He is kind rather than gentle.
He has a kind expression.
He has a kind heart.
He is an excellent piano player. In addition, he is a good singer and a very good dancer.
He is a good English scholar, and, what is more, a good teacher.
He was an excellent scientist, and what is more, was a great poet.
He is known to everyone as a great scholar.
He became a brilliant scholar but only at the expense of his health.
He has a remarkable memory.
He answered my questions by the exercise of his excellent memory.
He is an excellent fixer, and has always been regarded as such.
He's an excellent brain surgeon.
He is a student at Yushu High School.
He called out the name of the winner.
He graduated from Harvard University with honors.
He graduated from a senior high school with honors.
He appears brave, but it's just an act.
His courage won him fame.
He is a brave and cheerful boy.
His brave deed earned him respect.
He is a brave man.
Brave man as he was, he recoiled at the sight.
It is believed that he was a brave soldier.
He was brave enough to go there alone.
He had the courage to expose the scandal.
He had the courage to decline the offer.
He has the courage to speak up what he thinks right.
He is unrivaled in bravery.
He did a courageous act.
He is not only brave but wise.
He is wanting in courage.
I know him to be a brave man.
He didn't have a grain of courage.
He dared to visit the governor of New York State.
He is celebrated for his bravery.
He was called Ted by his friends.
He wanted to repay the kindness of his friends.
He is a member of the fraternity.
He cloaked his evil intentions with his friendly behavior.
He borrowed money from his friend.
He was deserted by his friends.
He has a few friends.
He had used up all the money which his friend had lent him.
He did the sights of Paris with his friends.
He was laughed at by his friends.
He turned to his friends for help.
He was the envy of his friends.
He broke faith with his friend.
He shook hands with his friend.
He had words with his friend and then struck him.
He is a friend and I treat him as such.
He gave away his camera to his friend.
He turned to his friend for help.
He is generous to his friends.
He obtained the job through the good offices of his friend.
He had to call for his friend's help.
He clapped his friend on the shoulder.
He resented his friend's action.
He got mixed up in his friend's affair.
He was envious of his friend's promotion.
He took no notice of his friend's advice.
He cheated in the exam when he copied his friend's work.
He was regarded as a hero for saving his friend's life.
He smarted under his friend's ill-treatment.
He has a faculty for making friends.
He hid his friend from the police.
He went to the station to see his friend off.
He concentrated his energies on helping his friend.
He paid a visit to his friend.
He lost his credibility because he betrayed a friend.
He has few friends.
He is a lonely man with few friends.
He likes to share his pleasure with his friends.
He played a trick on his friend.
He teaches English to his friends.
He is looked down on by his friends.
He is very busy writing to his friends.
He will be laughed at by his friends.
He is looked up to by friends.
He dropped in on a friend.
He was busy copying his friend's notebook.
He copied his friend's notebook with precision.
He borrowed his friend's car for a few days.
He obtained the post through the good offices of a friend.
He had few friends and little money.
He has been to the station to see his friend off.
He knows the art of making friends.
He found it hard to make friends.
He was looked up to by all his friends.
He is not good at making friends and always keeps to himself.
He believes in the existence of ghosts.
He was overcome by a feeling of melancholy.
He was in a mood of depression.
They were robbed of all their money.
He lost all the money he had.
He lost the whole of his money.
I have come to the conclusion that he is guilty.
He is supposed to be guilty.
He is guilty and by the same token so are you.
He is accounted guilty of the crime.
He was declared guilty.
Her ability took her to the top.
He is competent and able to trust.
He doesn't strike me as efficient.
He is an able engineer.
He is an able banker.
He is able man, but on the other hand he asks too much of us.
They say that he is an able man.
I'm sure he is a man of ability.
He is a capable lawyer.
He is a promising youth.
He rounded off his speech with a famous proverb.
He became a famous singer.
He is a famous artist.
He quoted some famous proverbs from the Bible.
He is a famous merchant.
He became a famous actor.
He made a lot of efforts to become a famous actor.
He is a famous baseball player.
He has a burning desire to become famous.
He is eager to become famous.
He made use of every opportunity to become famous.
He is well off, and what is more, he is of good birth.
His wealth enables him to do anything.
He is well off, so he doesn't worry about money.
He is the son of a wealthy family.
He is a son of a wealthy family.
He is accused of kidnapping.
He yielded to temptation and took drugs.
He is proof against temptation.
He is at play.
He is always idling about and good for nothing.
He lives three doors from the post office.
He went by the post office.
She became a postman.
He didn't show up at the party last night.
He did not show up at the party last night.
He looked through the evening paper.
He went to bed after supper.
He drinks a bottle of beer at dinner.
He ate a huge supper. He must have been hungry.
He was in the habit of taking a walk after supper.
He amused himself by reading a detective story after supper.
He would often read detective stories after supper.
He watches television after dinner.
He studies his lessons after supper.
He makes a point of reading newspapers after dinner.
He retired to his own room after supper.
He finished the bulk of his work before dinner.
He had his homework done before supper.
He makes a point of studying before supper.
He decided to put the murder trial first in the evening news.
He came home late in the evening.
He met an unexpected obstacle.
He had the gift of prophecy.
He was dismissed without notice.
He prepared his lessons.
He is an abler lawyer than I expected.
He was perplexed at the unexpected result.
He borrowed a large sum of money on the strength of expected income.
He examined the spare parts one after another.
He didn't know what to do with the extra food.
He did not know what to do with the extra food.
His days are drawing to their close.
He seems to have much in reserve.
He withdrew the last dollar of his saving.
He was punished for child abuse.
He emptied the container of its contents.
He is excellent at finding fault with other people.
He tried to unify the various groups.
She made up her mind to go abroad.
He is desirous of going abroad.
He was called away on business.
He is shy of telling the truth.
He advised caution.
He can not tell a sheep from a goat.
He clipped the sheep.
He is a VIP and we must treat him as such.
He spoke to the point.
He was far in advance of his days.
He seems cheery but, on the contrary, he is sad.
He was a man of cheerful aspect.
He walked down the street whistling cheerfully.
He laughed a merry laugh.
He tried to act cheerfully, but we all knew how sad he felt.
He has four children to provide for.
He was seized with uncontrollable rage.
He stood for those who were oppressed.
He is a man of few wants.
He has the water running in the bathtub.
The next morning I found him traveling by train.
He said that he was going home the following day.
He pretended to be ill so that he could be absent from school.
His naked back and arms were beaded with sweat.
He says he will come.
Not only did he come but he also offered to help me.
He said he would come, and what is more, he said he was glad to.
He says he won't come.
I don't think that he will come.
He won't come, will he?
I am afraid he won't come.
I'm afraid he cannot come.
I wonder if he will come.
Whether or not he will come is doubtful.
He may come, or he may not.
He will either come or call me.
He stays a long time every time he comes.
He will come.
We think that he will come.
He said he would come and he did come.
He says he will come, which is quite impossible.
I think he's coming, but I'm not quite sure.
I think he'll come.
He promised me to come.
He promised to come, and didn't.
I thought he wouldn't come.
He will come if he has a mind to.
He is on his way and will arrive in due course.
He studied hard day after day.
Whenever he comes, he scolds us.
He never comes without complaining of others.
He was besieged by callers.
He's going to visit his aunt and uncle next month.
He will go to New York next month.
He will have lived here for ten years by the end of next month.
He will leave for Paris next month.
He goes in for the examination next month.
He is leaving for China on an inspection tour next month.
He leaves for New York next week.
He is leaving for New York next week.
He will make a business trip to London next week.
He is going to study English next week.
Will he come to the meeting next week?
He proposed that another meeting be held next Monday.
He will be calling on me next month.
He'll be taking an exam next week.
He comes back from Singapore next January.
He will run for the next year's election.
He will travel abroad next year.
He is a man to be depended on.
He is a man you can rely upon.
He is a dependable boss.
His head was hurt by the fall.
He is studying hard for fear he should fail.
He came down in the world.
He is depressed.
He could not settle down to sleep.
He gave vent to his disappointment.
He received rough treatment.
He bought a dozen eggs.
He took the eggs out one by one.
He had to fight against the storm.
He departed in spite of the storm.
The ship was at the mercy of the storm.
His absence was due to the storm.
He need not go in the storm.
He would do anything for gain.
He claimed his share of the profits.
He is considered to be one of the interested parties.
He is the personification of selfishness.
He is a lump of selfishness.
He must be selfish.
He is clever, and moreover, he is handsome.
He has a name for cleverness.
He is smart, and what is more, honest and punctual.
Although he may be clever, he is not wise.
He didn't look like a clever boy.
He is a clever boy.
He paid the loan with interest.
He has to take two science classes.
He is a man of mean understanding.
He is slow of understanding.
He's not talking theory.
He is a director, and should be treated as such.
He is able to subordinate passion to reason.
He is a man of reason.
He is a perfect gentleman.
He proved to be an ideal husband.
He insulted me without any reason.
He insulted me without reason.
He gave his reasons in brief.
He got paid under the table.
He bought his way into college.
He turned traitor.
He is as cool as ever after his divorce.
He severed himself from the party.
He entered the army.
He is an army officer.
He holds the rank of colonel.
He was promoted to general.
He acquitted himself admirably at the track meet.
He went to Italy by land.
He took the lead in fighting pollution.
I like him all the better because he speaks frankly.
He was told to stand up, and he did so.
He walked away.
He stopped to think which way to go.
He paused to look at the poster.
He stood up and reached for his hat on the table.
He stood up and took a deep breath.
He rose to his feet and smiled at her.
He stood up and looked at the mouse.
He was told to stand up, and he did so slowly.
It seems that he left for school just now.
He tried to stand up.
He stood for an election.
He officially announced himself as a candidate.
He made it known to his friends that he was unwilling to run for the election.
He is a self-made man.
He succeeded in life.
He made great efforts to succeed in life.
He is a good scholar, and what is better, a good teacher.
He will be a wonderful scholar.
He received a good education.
He has the advantage of a good education.
He is a fine classical scholar.
He is a fine gentleman.
He got wonderful results.
He has blossomed into a great statesman.
He has a good constitution.
He acquitted himself well.
He succeeded in life fine.
He hailed a cruising taxi.
He's in bed with the flu.
He came down with the flu.
He likes to sing popular songs.
He hasn't studied abroad for nothing.
He was forced to work part-time to study abroad.
He is eager for a chance to study abroad.
He works hard so that he can study abroad.
He achieved his purpose of studying abroad.
He is used to traveling.
He was called back from his trip.
He has a great fancy for travelling.
He had plenty of money for his trip.
He never travels without taking an alarm clock with him.
He doesn't carry much baggage on his trips.
He set out on a trip.
He's away on a trip.
He met many fascinating people in the course of his travels.
He kept a diary during the trip.
He is making preparations for a trip.
He is busy preparing for the trip.
He was busy getting ready for his journey.
He gave an account of his trip.
He spoke of the people and the things that he had seen during his trip.
He got sick during the trip.
He was equipped for a trip.
He grasped the rope with two hands.
He buried his head in his hands.
He had a big box in his arms.
He held up his hands.
He rubbed his hands together.
He stood by the gate, rubbing his hands together.
His hands were deep in his pockets.
He stood with his hands in his pockets.
He is economically independent of his parents.
He wants to be independent of his parents.
He lives with his parents.
He lives apart from his parents.
He said good night to his parents.
He caused his parents a lot of anxiety.
He often writes to his parents.
He wrote to his parents.
He is trusted by his parents.
He doesn't resemble either of his parents.
He appreciates his parents' love.
He married the girl contrary to his parents' will.
He tried very hard to live up to his parents expectations.
He is concerned about his parent's health.
He looked to his parents' property.
He is the boast of his parents.
He ran away from home without the knowledge of his parents.
He is studying hard in order not to disappoint his parents.
He does not look up to his parents.
He sat on a chair with his legs dangling.
He stood with his feet apart.
He stood with his feet wide apart.
He was lying there with his legs bound together.
He mediated between the two parties.
I doubt whether he will win both races.
He spread out his arms to welcome us.
It is said that she is a good cook.
He complained of the dish tasting bad.
He is good at cooking.
He is backward in science.
He comes of good stock.
He has hit upon a good idea.
He looks like a good boy.
He must be a good boy.
He's a good man and is known as such to everyone.
He gave a good piece of advice.
He is of a good line.
He is a person with good sense.
Do you think he's sensible?
He felt the pangs of conscience.
He felt the pricks of conscience.
He tried with all his might to push the door open.
He pulled with all his strength but the rock would not move.
He is second to none in strength.
He did the work to the best of his ability.
He has run out of his energy.
He likes green the best.
He took on extra workers.
He is my neighbor, but I don't know him well.
He asked some questions of the lady standing next to him.
He exchanged seats with the next person.
He was displeased with his neighbor.
He took no notice that there was a sick man sleeping in the next room.
He went into the next room and lay down.
I think he can get along with his neighbors.
He tried to keep back his tears.
He was ashamed of his tears.
He tore up the letter in tears.
I think he has something to do with that scandal.
He illustrated his theory with examples.
He poured cold water over himself.
He is cool, isn't he?
He is wanting in courtesy.
He was lost to history.
He dozed off in history class.
He has a lot of books on history.
He will be reading a historical novel.
He is well acquainted with history as a whole.
He set out on his historic voyage.
He stood at the end of the line.
He will leave for the station an hour before the train leaves.
He came by car instead of by train.
He will be in time for the train.
Will he be able to catch the train?
He hurried so as to be in time for the train.
He did his best to be in time for the train.
He got up early so as to be in time for the train.
He didn't run fast enough to catch the train.
He took a taxi in order not to miss the train.
He hurried to the station so he wouldn't miss the train.
He ran the train over a cliff.
He walked back and forth on the platform while waiting for the train.
He was injured in a railway accident.
He was raging mad.
He spared no pains to help me.
He wasn't given any reward for his service.
He helped to ameliorate the living conditions of working men.
He is not frugal so you can't trust him with money.
He saved money for his old age.
He has a lot of money saved for his old age.
He seems to have apprehensions of age.
He stepped aside for an old man to pass.
Now that he is old, it is your duty to go look after him.
He is an old man and should be treated as such.
He died of old age two years ago.
He offered his seat to an old woman.
He got money from the old woman by a trick.
He works hard to support his aged mother.
He has become weaker with age.
He is to come here at six o'clock.
He got home at six.
He will cast me a bone to pick.
He wins his arguments by logical reasoning.
He reads foreign books, not to mention Japanese ones.
He lives in a house built in a semi foreign style.
He is a good speaker.
He is easy to talk to.
He did not speak unless spoken to.
He kept talking.
He was a neutral participant at the discussion.
He didn't stop talking.
He was about to speak.
He seems to have missed the point.
He stopped talking.
He went mad when he heard the story.
He needs a few jokes to lighten up his talk.
He has a lot of topics for conversation.
He has nothing to contribute to a conversation.
He changed the topic of conversation.
He refused to take the bribe.
He admitted he had taken bribes.
He denied that he had accepted the bribe.
He has pains in his side.
He has improved in skill.
He has powerful arms.
He was shot times in the arm.
He stretched out his arm for a magazine.
He sat on the sofa with his arms folded.
He was sitting with his arms folded.
He watched the game with his arms folded.
He was standing with his arms folded.
He looked at his watch.
He was thinking, with his arms folded.
He was sitting with his arms across his chest.
He sat there with his arms folded.
He tends to be arrogant.
He is a methodical person.
There was no budging him.
He got his dander up.
He led a life of luxury.
He lives in luxury.
He denied himself nothing.
He cannot afford the common comforts of life, not to mention luxuries.
We knelt down to pray.
My love for him has already cooled.
Would you like to leave a message for him?
Get off his back.
It is practically unthinkable that a scientist of his stature would have made such an elementary mistake.
Nobody is cleverer than he.
No other student in the class is so brilliant as he is.
He saw it also.
He has finally shown his true colors.
He has at last retired from public office.
He was finally forced to resign.
He gets tough at times.
He plays it smart!
He is not coming, either.
His English will improve in the course of time.
It may be that he is not a bad man.
I have nothing more to say about him.
He will also go.
Both he and I are high school students.
Both he and I were able to solve the math problem.
What man has done, man can do.
As he grew up, he learned to put things in perspective.
He's getting soft in his old age.
He is getting old.
Both he and his wife have cars.
Both he and his sister are invited to the party.
He is neither a stock nor a stone.
He isn't coming, either.
They were walking two hundred meters in advance.
Neither of them seemed old.
Some pitied them.
What they said to you is exactly the opposite of what they told me yesterday.
Their excuses cut no ice with her.
There is no telling when they will come.
I'm ready whenever they challenge me.
Do you know when they will arrive?
It was obvious that they had told a lie.
She was dismayed at their ignorance in etiquette.
I know they're in love with each other.
I wish they would stop fighting.
They have been here for an hour.
The fact that they came here is undeniable.
What they are doing is ruining the economy.
I was informed that they had gone on strike.
Then it dawned on me that they were speaking Spanish.
They have a less selfish reason for trying it.
It is worthwhile to ask what sort of picture they found there.
They don't seem to approve of the plan.
They were at the bottom of the scheme.
It is cruel of them to make the boy work so hard.
It was not clear whether they had accomplished it or not.
If only they hadn't done that, I might have been able to get somewhere.
It is strange that they should get so angry.
It seems strange that they feel so angry.
When I saw them on a date, I asked them, "Do I hear wedding bells?"
It is a mystery how they escaped from prison.
The step they took provided at best a temporary solution to the problem.
We didn't know what train they'd be on.
I cannot understand why they are such good friends: they have little in common.
I don't know why they are so steamed off at us.
I took it for granted that they adored Hannah.
They seldom, if ever, speak in French.
Ask him whether they still live in Tokyo.
Not all of them are happy.
I like all of them.
All of them are not poor.
Between them they can finish in a week.
I've been expecting good news from them.
There was not a single word of gratitude from them.
We had a lot of spontaneous offers from them.
We received a cordial welcome from them.
Ascertain whether they are safe or not.
It is surprising that they should have a second house in America.
To see them sitting together, you'd take them for twins.
I saw them play baseball in the playground.
It is doubtful whether they will be able to swim.
The train had already left when they got to the station.
When they got to the station, the train had already left.
I don't care about what they say.
It is important that he find out what they are doing.
It was before dawn that they got the fire under control.
It was inevitable that they would meet.
There are many problems for them to deal with.
There is little hope that they are alive.
It goes without saying that they are in the wrong.
I will telephone you as soon as they return.
I'll wait here until they come back.
It's Spain that they are going to on holiday.
It is good for them to work during their vacation.
They were stupid not to follow your advice.
Tell me the reason why they are absent.
There can be no doubt about their marriage.
The news of their marriage spread throughout the village.
They got married only recently.
When they got married, they both swore to never lie.
They have been married for four years.
I think they have been married for five years.
They have only been married two months.
Do you know how long they have been married?
When they said they were going to get married, it blew my mind.
The rumor that they would get married spread at once.
They stayed married for the sake of their children.
Here is a new video for them to watch.
I watched them destroy the old building.
The stock they sold buyers was a lemon.
The research done by them shows that Americans are not interested in Japan.
There was some monkey business going on when they were negotiating that last contract; money passed under the table.
They were through with work.
The idea they put to us fell in exactly with what we ourselves had in mind.
I was not aware of the danger until they warned me.
His story doesn't agree with what they have said to me.
I spoke slowly so that they might understand me.
Have you ever known them to come on time?
What does it matter how they bring up their own children?
Who will look after the baby while they're out?
The dinner they served was badly cooked.
They had hardly started when it began to rain.
We do not anticipate their buying a new car.
Were they busy last week?
You must take action for their early release.
You know how crazy they are over their little bundle of joy.
It was my fault that they came late.
Make sure that they come here late.
I feel in my bones that they will never get along well together.
The precise time of their arrival is not known.
Ten minutes after they had passed Nara, the car ran out of gas.
It is five years since they came to Japan.
The manual they asked him to read was two inches thick.
No wonder they have elected him chairman.
They are hugging and kissing.
They may properly claim the protection of the law.
They welcomed me warmly, so I felt at home.
I took the wheel while he slept.
Don't interpret their silence as obedience.
When they woke up they saw a stone lying next to them.
I hope they don't resort to violence to accomplish their goals.
Until they came back, she had been busy.
I shouldn't wonder if they came after all.
What a blessing it is that they did not come.
It will be some time before they come.
A party of scientists were on board with them.
It is vain to argue with them about the problem.
My association with them didn't last long.
I can't fit in with them.
Don't associate with them.
They talk a lot to one another, over the telephone and in person.
I concurred with them in giving him the prize.
You have to hurry if you want to go with them.
Laugh with them.
I am working with them towards world peace.
It's no use bandying words with them.
He went at them with his fists.
Anything you could do in support of their effort would be very much appreciated.
They scarcely need it at all.
They have seen better days.
Queer rumors about them were in the air.
It's important for them to go out.
They have nowhere else to go.
They have a lot in common.
They have nothing to complain about.
They have a ten-year-old son.
They have two sons and one daughter.
They had two daughters, who became famous pianists.
They have the right to do so.
They have little chance to practice it.
I haven't seen them anywhere.
They hardly have any time left.
They have no house to live in at all.
They have something in common with each other.
They are wanting in industry.
They have no sense of sin.
Since they had no children of their own, they decided to adopt a little girl.
They had only one child.
They have enough capital to build a second factory.
They have but the shadow of freedom.
They had no house in which to live.
They have not less than ten children.
They did not have much food to eat.
They had no food.
They are free from care.
They have twin daughters.
They have their own troubles.
They have two daughters.
They had a lot of children to provide for.
They require extra help.
I told them again to turn down the radio.
I want to ask them when their big day is.
They have no claim to the property.
A child was born to them.
I could not make myself understood to them in English.
I'll have to make amends to them for my mistake.
I'll have them repair my car.
May the blessing of God be upon them.
A baby was born to them.
They had a baby last week.
I'm considering going with them.
I walked quietly so that they would not hear me.
He stopped to talk to them.
He stopped talking to them.
Three quarters of them agreed.
Their only son has been dead for three years.
They broke up after years of marriage.
I overheard their mockery.
None of them were present at the meeting.
Over ten percent of them can do the work.
Two of them were drowned.
The three of them were the only ones to apologize to her.
Which of them is your brother?
Which of them can sing better?
I hope that neither of them was involved in the traffic accident.
Some of them are my friends.
How many of them survived is not known.
Several of them are opposed to the bill.
None of them are present.
None of them could understand what she was implying.
Their climbing of Mt. Everest was a great achievement.
Thanks to them, I got well at last.
Join me with them in their movement.
There are many factors behind the quarrel between them.
There is no telling how long their quarrel will last.
Their quarrel sprung from misunderstanding.
Let them take care of themselves.
Their concert was a big hit.
Follow close behind them.
Their first fall there was a trial for them.
We are three points ahead of their team.
Their team doesn't have a ghost of a chance of winning this season.
Their team's name is NWO.
Shall I carry coffee to them?
Their boat needs painting.
I think most of them took part in the plot.
I guess most of them went home.
They are mostly polite.
It is your business to take care of them.
Even after being approved, difficulties might arise in the actual construction of the line.
Each of their opinions has both good points and bad points.
Their opinion matters little.
Their opinions differ from mine.
It took us a week to locate their hideaway.
The warmth of their welcome made me happy.
Some of them said yes, and the others said no.
They were very kind to me when I was at their house.
Their dining room is very spacious.
Their house was burned down in the fire.
Their house is far from the station.
Their house is being remodeled.
Theirs is an old family.
Their house is off the map, miles away from the nearest town.
Stone was used to build their houses.
Their furniture was chosen for utility rather than style.
Their furniture is more aesthetic than practical.
Their home is abundant in love and laughter.
Their assignments were handed in on September 1st.
Their patience was about to give out.
Their conversation being in Chinese, I was not able to understand them at all.
Their conversation went on.
Their conversation was carried on for about an hour.
Their school and ours are sister schools.
Their bags were checked by security guards at the gate.
A fight started about nothing between them.
There is a generation gap between them.
A harmony prevailed among them.
I hope their relationship will blossom into something permanent.
From the way they look, I would say that they failed.
Though I have done nothing against them, they think ill of me.
Their argument seemed endless.
Their living room is as large again as my house.
In the teeth of their strong opposition, we carried out our plan.
Their muscles are stiff.
Their contract is to run out at the end of this month.
I have doubts about the success of their plan.
I do not think their plan will work out.
Their plan resulted in failure.
I am quite ignorant of their plan.
Their plan sounds interesting to me.
Their decision will bring about serious consequences.
I was invited to their wedding.
Have you been invited to their wedding?
Their marriage ceremony was performed according to the custom of the district.
Their wedding will be tomorrow.
Their married life did not run smoothly.
I hear their marriage is on the rocks and they'll probably file for divorce soon.
Their marriage broke up last year.
Their married life was full bliss.
Their expenses for the wedding were considerable.
Their blood will be distributed to many people.
Their dog was so fierce that he kept everyone away.
It is not clearly stated in their study if the patients overcame this syndrome during the therapy.
Their excuses were all alike.
You'd better do what they say.
It is silly of you to trust them.
As their language had no written form, the natives expressed deeds and events in carvings.
Their employees live in.
They heard a noise behind them.
Their curiosity was aroused.
We prayed for their happiness.
Their happiness was rooted in their industry.
Their ideas seem totally alien to us.
You must take their ideas into account.
Their way of thinking is behind the times.
I was quite taken aback at their bad manners.
Their highest skill was woodworking.
Their finest moment is their last appearance on stage.
You can't judge their works by the same standards.
Their job is to exterminate rats and mice.
Their manner of bringing up their children is extremely unusual.
There is a community of thought between them.
Their business is expanding.
Their business came to a standstill for want of money.
A lot of their time is spent on part-time jobs.
I resent his rude attitude.
Their car overtook ours.
Their main exports are textiles, especially silk and cotton.
I will have to help them.
Their hobby is fishing.
But for their help, we could not have succeeded.
There is no need to call in their assistance.
Their small protest triggered a mass demonstration.
Their boss made them work against their will.
Their coats were uniform in color.
In their case, it was love at first sight.
Their lips met.
Their offer cuts both ways.
I was moved by their kindness.
Their intimacy grew with the years.
What happened to them is still a mystery.
They have a growing population; therefore they need more and more food.
Their view of life may appear strange.
They are not much different in character from each other.
Their success has a lot to do with their diligence.
Are you in favor of their policy?
Their lifestyle is different to ours.
They like to look back on old times.
Their baby has just started to crawl.
Their ship struck a rock.
Their ship was at the mercy of the waves.
There was a long winter before them.
No one gave up hope.
Not all of them are present at the meeting today.
The dispute between them is due to misunderstanding.
Their son's name is John.
Their boy was named Edward.
Their son grew bigger.
Their losses reached one million yen.
Many of them were kind to us.
They were for the most part young people.
They were for the most part high school students.
They were mostly women.
They were, for the most part, college students.
Who is their homeroom teacher?
Problems are expected in their expedition.
I anticipate that there will be problems on their expedition.
Their clothes are quite like those of our ancestors.
I can never pick him out among them.
Some of them are healthy, but others are not healthy.
Some of them are healthy, but others are not.
Some of them had a gift for making weapons.
The report proved true as a result of their investigation.
Their garden is full of very beautiful flowers all the year round.
Their proposition is contrary to ours.
Their proposal is out of the question.
Their traditional life style no longer exists.
We cannot help admiring their effort.
All their efforts were in vain.
Their efforts came to nothing.
Their effort proved abortive.
Their efforts made the situation better to a certain degree.
Their efforts were not for nothing.
Their late arrival was owing to the rain.
Please tell me the precise time of their arrival.
The battle ended before they got there.
Their flight was discovered yesterday.
They lost their way; otherwise, they would have arrived long ago.
The difference in their ages is six years.
Their farms adjoin.
A fire broke out at the inn where they were staying.
They are conventional in their judgement.
Their opposition broke down.
They reveled in the success of their sales.
All their secrets have been revealed.
Their secret was laid bare.
Their estimate of the cost was wide of the mark.
Their plane will soon take off.
Their complaints filled me with anger.
Their father is a taxi driver.
Their father had a large shoe shop in the town.
Their manners and customs are different from those of this country.
They were hindered in their study.
Their reports don't accord.
Their nationalism was one cause of the war.
Their dreams came true.
Informed of their safety, the premier breathed a sigh of relief.
Their names escaped me.
Their names have already been signed.
Their names are Tom and Ken.
Their names were erased from the list.
They blotted out my name from the list.
Their eyes pursued him.
Their eyes were all bright.
None of their promises have been kept.
By degrees their friendship grew into love.
Their friendship ripened into a deep love.
Don't give way to their request.
You mustn't give in to their demands.
The school authorities started to take action at their request.
Their divorce is much talked about in their neighborhood.
Their divorce came as a complete surprise.
Their trip was postponed because of the rain.
Their parents are older than ours.
Both of them were not present at the meeting.
From the way they talked, I presumed they were married.
According to their opinions, that boy is very good.
Their conversation being in Chinese, I did not understand one word.
Their talks centered on their trip.
They spread the Gospel all over the world.
They wanted change now.
They have formed their own nationwide association, the American Association of Retired Persons.
They stayed up late talking.
They walk arm in arm with each other.
They have branches all over the world, from Calcutta to New York City.
They drink coke.
They admired the fine view from the hill.
They did not agree to bring down the price.
When they moved to the town, they found it easy to make friends.
They lived on corn, potatoes, and the meat of animals.
They are crying down Tom's new theory.
They are planning to settle in New Zealand.
They seldom, if ever, quarrel with each other.
They all longed for the holidays.
By and by you will forget the painful experience.
They will buy a record.
They are doctors.
They stood up and made their speeches one by one.
They stopped the music.
They want, above all things, to live in peace.
They are singers.
They are artists.
They demanded that the company pay them more.
They climbed to the top of a cliff.
They dropped out of their school.
They can sense the approach of cold weather.
They stressed protection of the environment.
They want to talk to you about areas of mutual interest.
They elected Hashimoto the Prime Minister.
They extend kindness to their neighbors.
They have decided to stick to the original plan after all.
They came from all over the world to make their homes in this new land, which was thinly populated by native Indians.
They went fishing.
They study industry.
They don't like me.
They paid their compliment to me.
They are my cousins.
They call me captain.
They forgot all about Noah, who had saved them.
They don't have enough income to lay aside for the future.
They competed with each other for the prize.
They are better educated, healthier and wealthier than their parents' generation was at their age.
They are human.
They're going to Ishikawa.
They were very tired indeed.
They make up about 12.percent of the total population.
They like Tsuneoki Ikeda.
They have brown skin and black hair.
They went to Tottori.
They advanced on the enemy.
They developed a special computer system and fixed it to his wheelchair.
They struggled against the dictator.
They think it is necessary to study the school system and educational environment of Japan.
They are actors.
They are short and thin.
They are going shopping.
He gave each of them a pencil.
They regarded him as their leader.
They will insist on her staying there longer.
They set up a fund to support the victims.
They go to Himeji castle.
They do not usually live with their children.
They are breaking down the wall.
They paid a high compliment to the speaker.
They had a talk about the future life.
They like apples.
They looked at us, as much as to say, "Poor creature."
They sailed for months in hope of "gold and glory".
They walked for ten miles, rested for ten minutes, then walked again.
They should arrive by ten o'clock.
They offer an earnest prayer on the evening of December 24.
They eat dinner at twelve o'clock.
They have twelve children.
They came by Route 17.
They have been here since 1989.
They sat down at every other desk.
They listened attentively so as not to miss a single word.
They walked at the rate of three miles an hour.
They walked as far as the next town in an hour.
They work for so much a week.
They arrived in England a week ago.
They must work hours a day.
They work eight hours a day.
Did they have to stay there all day?
They arrived in America a few days ago.
They decided to meet there again after twenty years.
They are both good students.
They are both good teachers.
They are both school children.
Both of them worked hard so that they could pass the entrance examination.
They intend to join the two in marriage.
They were walking two abreast.
They were never to see each other again.
They were never to return to their country.
They will tear down the old building in two days.
They moved here two years ago.
They caught up with us half an hour later.
They'll be here at three.
They walked along the road three abreast.
They were walking three abreast.
They are leaving in three days, that is to say June 10th.
They moved here three years ago.
They won the Japan Cup three years in succession.
They believed it necessary to have great contests every four years.
They built their empire in Peru about five hundred years ago.
They announced the results as of May 1.
They arrived in Osaka at the beginning of May.
They close the door at five.
They closed the shop at five.
They formed themselves in groups of five.
They got married six months ago.
They had to climb a wall six feet high.
They are to be married in June.
They will arrive at six, and then we will all have dinner.
They were to meet here at seven.
They finished eighty miles' journey.
They fly about 35,km in eight months.
They will take the 8:train.
They were talking from to o'clock.
They ring the bell at eight.
They stayed in Rome till September.
They loved grand touring cars.
They all stood for MRA.
They used those primitive tools.
They exchanged greetings.
They are keen on outdoor sports.
They did not give up hope.
They carried on working from morning till night.
They are going to meet at the hotel tomorrow.
They worked like so many ants.
They went along and along, but they couldn't seem to find just the right place.
They walked around.
They sent up an advertising balloon.
They take a deep interest in what you are buying.
They harbor thoughts of taking revenge on you.
They are willing to do it for you.
They are looking to you for help.
They are anxious for your help.
They are in favor of your plan.
They feared you.
They will lodge by twos and threes in lonely farmhouses.
They sat in the shade of that big tree.
They established settlements in Africa.
They sailed along the west coast of Africa.
I am afraid they can't get along very well.
I am afraid they don't get along very well.
They were too tired to climb a mountain.
They hadn't gone very far when they met an old man.
They are going to emigrate to America.
They are looking at only the sunny side of the American economy.
Are they American?
Aren't they Americans?
They must be Americans.
They took every possibility into consideration.
They often invent stories.
They first met on a summer afternoon.
They are talking about this and that.
How long did they live in England?
Are they not Englishmen?
They don't use chairs or tables.
They assembled the chairs in neat rows.
When will they give a concert?
They cried out together.
They waved flags all together.
They cried out with one voice.
They are always at each other's throats.
They are always arguing about money.
They are always quarreling.
It is always the case with them.
They are idle as usual.
They always escape from school.
They always extend kindness to their neighbors.
They are always short of money.
Do they always keep the dog tied to the gate?
They were always making jokes.
They are always quarrelling in public.
They always find fault with others.
They always associated a heavy rain with flood.
They always bore arms with them.
Someone always sees through their disguises.
They don't always obey their parents.
They looked far and wide for the missing dog.
Now they have three children.
They are the so-called victims of war.
They live in a little village in England.
They were taking care of a girl from India and a boy from Italy.
They gave him a glass of orange juice laced with vodka.
They were carelessly unaware of the danger.
They scorned the liar.
They accused him of telling a lie.
They succeeded in getting that job.
They were successful in solving the problem.
They couldn't cope with difficulties.
They keep up their spirits by doing aerobics.
They are waging a campaign against AIDS.
They made first ascent of Mount Everest.
They worked hard only to fail.
They shake hands instead of bowing.
They called in at their uncle's house for an hour.
They stopped talking.
They determined to avenge their father's death on their uncle.
They made Oshin work from morning till night.
They will probably have many psychological problems as a result, and that would be worse in the long run.
They are likely to agree to our plan.
We think it possible that they may arrive next week.
They looked at each other.
They shook hands with each other.
They were scared at the sight of the ghost.
They rescued the boy from drowning.
They exported tea mainly to Europe.
They want to take part in the Olympic Games.
They want to participate in the Olympic Games.
They export a lot of fruit, such as oranges, grapefruits and lemons.
They offered the guests some coffee.
They divided the money among themselves.
They accused her of taking the money.
They are not interested in saving money.
They walk arm in arm each other.
They soon became quite accustomed to each other.
They enjoy one another's company.
Do they love each other?
They fell in love with each other at first sight.
They exchanged seats with each other.
They helped each other.
They absolutely detest each other.
They communicated with each other by gesture.
They communicate with each other by gesture.
They give presents to one another.
They are on good terms with each other.
They lived in harmony with each other.
They smiled at one another.
They mutually discussed the future.
They will fall in love with each other.
They talked to each other.
They found that their families didn't like each other.
They bumped against each other.
They helped one another with their homework.
They spoke to each other on the phone.
They are a good couple.
They went out after they finished lunch.
They sat up talking late at night.
They are next door neighbors.
They had once helped each other.
They settled in Canada.
They are able to retire while fairly young and enjoy the lifestyle of their choice in good health.
They look pretty close.
Not only they but also I was scolded by the teacher.
They went to Paris by way of Calais.
They sang one after another.
They had to take turns pushing the car.
They are engaged in cancer research.
They can play the guitar.
They welcomed as many men as came.
They cannot fail to reach an agreement.
I'm sure they'll win.
They are sure to fall in love.
They hunted foxes.
They are Christians.
They bought a box of cookies.
They caught a bear alive.
They married on Christmas Eve.
They went to church on Christmas Eve.
They came round about.
They asked Kate to baby-sit for their child.
They stopped their game and stared at me.
It seems that they have quarreled.
They aren't quarreling, but are rehearsing a play.
They should do away with these conventions.
They talked over a cup of coffee.
They have left here, perhaps for good.
They held the meeting here.
They should not talk here.
They didn't come here, did they?
They are trying to keep costs down.
They all got behind the candidate.
They aren't smart enough to understand this stuff.
They will not stand for such treatment.
They live downstairs.
They worked jointly on this project.
They may not know anything about this.
They reported seeing the incident.
They have run this small hotel since it was established.
They are as poor as can be.
They looked on this success as most important.
They have lived in this town for ten years.
They live in this town.
They buy these goods cheaply overseas and then mark them up to resell at home.
They disputed about whose turn it was to take the trash out.
Are they able to read these words?
They are apprehensive that some further disaster might occur.
They had no money to buy concert tickets with.
They sat in the front row of the concert hall and heard the orchestra clearly.
They are hardly likely to come at this late hour.
They want to send girls her age away on their own.
They are on good terms with their neighbors.
They fell out with each other over trifles.
They embarked at Southampton for New York.
They are going to throw a party for Sam.
They lunched on sandwiches and coffee.
They believe Jane honest.
They hunted deer and foxes.
They were all agog for the news.
They were urgent in their demand.
They make frequent trips to Europe.
They often drop in to see us.
They often go on picnics by bicycle.
They often make fun of the boss.
They often complain about the cost of living in Tokyo.
They lent us some of their staff for a while.
They had a rest for a while.
They consider it a mistake for Jim to travel alone in Africa.
They robbed Jim of everything he had.
They appointed Jim manager.
They are crazy about jazz.
They made fun of Jack's haircut.
They cut out a path through the jungle.
They could not get enough food.
They had a high opinion of Dr. Schweitzer.
They used to love jokes.
They blamed George for the failure.
They are out shopping.
They elected John the captain of the team.
They elected John captain of their team.
They made John chairman of the committee.
They looked up to John as their leader.
They must come here at once.
They soon adjusted themselves to the new circumstances.
They lost no time in leaving their home.
They immediately fell to work.
They set to work at once.
They decided that it would be better to start at once.
They easily fall back on his company.
They soon used up their food supplies.
They fell into the conversation immediately.
They came to our aid at once.
Did they enjoy their holiday in Scotland?
They have sought after eternal youth.
They have been busy.
They don't like their steaks thin.
They have a nice house.
They had wonderful lives.
They are able to speak Spanish a little.
They insisted that everything be ready ahead of time.
They burned all the documents.
They appointed Miss Smith chairperson.
They look up to Mr Smith as a leader.
They suffered from smog.
They built the walls of the fortress without using cement at all.
They came in for a lot of criticism over doing that.
They said so, but she thought to the contrary.
They saw a strange animal there.
They lived a happy life there.
They used tools similar to those used there.
They remained sitting there.
They didn't agree how to get there.
They spread the rumor abroad.
They were afraid of the big dog.
They talked about what they should do with the money.
They don't know what they should do with the money.
They may not know about it.
They were school children then.
They were badly off at that time.
They became acquainted with the routine.
They had been married for ten years by that time.
They were free at that moment.
They aren't laughing at that time.
They will be surprised to hear the news.
They were excited over the news.
They were surprised to hear the news.
They shed tears at the news.
They seemed really despondent to find that their project didn't boost profits like they thought it would.
They did away with the bad habit.
They are going to put the bad law in force.
They named the spaceship "Discovery."
They named the spaceship A100.
They set up a bronze statue of the hero.
They have something to do with the scandal.
They sat still as if they were charmed by the music.
They found out it was way the very same house, so they went to the Movers to see if the little House could be moved.
They will take down the house in a day.
They spent six months building the house.
They assisted the painter financially.
They broke away the bars.
They have done away with uniforms at that school.
They debated closing the school.
They kept talking all the time.
They lifted the rock by means of a lever.
They began to manufacture the machine on a large scale.
They admired the scenic view from the hill.
They all longed for the holiday.
They knew about the hardship and loss.
They talked over the plan for hours.
They are concerned with the project also.
They are in favor of the plan.
They discussed the economics of the project.
They hastened to execute the plan.
They abandoned the plan.
They kept the plan among themselves.
They carried out the project.
They suggested that we should put the plan into practice right now.
They defied the policeman's order.
They were satisfied with the result.
They inquired of me about the matter.
They couldn't comprehend the seriousness of the matter.
They are anticipating trouble when the construction starts.
They came in sight of the building.
They have preserved the building.
They named the dog Shiro.
They beat the dog to a pulp.
They called the dog Rocky.
They broke down the old house.
They adopted the orphan.
They went around the lake.
They succeeded in the negotiation.
They could not help being touched by the sight.
They could not help being touched.
They made much of what they saw.
They attended the lecture.
They abandoned the hill to enemy forces.
They came by two large cities on the country.
They invaded the country.
They looked on the writer as first-rate.
They assigned the task to us.
They had the work finished.
They haven't finished the work, have they?
They went home after they had finished the task.
They were surprised at the city's rapid growth.
They were excited at the game.
They spent a good deal of money on the project.
They are going to investigate the affair.
They submitted the case to the court.
They gave different versions of the accident.
They agreed to look into the causes of the accident.
They seem to be conscious of the fact.
They appear to know the fact.
They followed the tracks the car had left.
They released the prisoner.
He made a few conventional remarks about the event.
They exposed the books to the sun.
They made the novel into a drama.
They described the girl as being small.
They searched for the girl.
They looked after the boy.
They fooled the boy into stealing his father's watch.
They went to the boy's rescue.
They attempted in vain to bribe the witness.
They got away from the place.
They stayed away from the place.
They had trouble finding the place.
They did not think anything of the news.
They failed to fulfill the conditions.
They were satisfied with the meals.
They argued the new bill for hours.
They changed the system.
They named the baby Momotarou.
They satisfied their thirst at the spring.
They came to the conclusion that the ship must have sunk.
They reported the ship to be ten kilometers from shore.
They named the ship the Mayflower.
They drew the boat on the beach.
They compensated for the loss.
They moved to the village, where they lived a happy life.
They supplied the village with water.
They called the village New Amsterdam.
They worked out the system with much thought and labor.
They are very proud of being students of that college.
They robbed the man of all his belongings.
They followed hard after the man.
They saw the boy carried away to the hospital.
They regarded the man as a danger to society.
They were alarmed at the news.
They were horror stricken at the news.
They acted on the information.
They held a party in honor of the famous scientist.
They adopted the proposal.
They had to pass the tradition on to the next generation.
They had to leave at once to catch the train.
They assessed the land at nine million yen.
They could not cope with those difficulties.
They live from hand to mouth.
They looked forward to a time when they would no longer have to live from hand to mouth.
They deprived the criminal of his rights.
They don't belong under that category.
They went aboard the plane.
They admired the lovely scenery.
They were looking on the beautiful garden.
They fixed the sign to the wall.
They did not wish to become embroiled in the dispute.
They brought the trouble to an end.
He explained the literal meaning of the sentences.
They painted the wall white.
They adapted themselves to the change quickly.
They modified the report to accommodate all views.
They believed the jewel would bring disaster.
They broke into the jewelry shop.
He let the visitor into the living room.
They cut down the tree.
They hold the same opinion on that subject.
They entered into a discussion about the issue.
They have solved the problem once and for all.
They began to look into the problem.
They made a great effort to settle the problem.
They seem to make nothing of the problem.
They discussed the matter at large.
They left the problem unsolved.
They discussed the problem.
They helped themselves to the medicine.
They had been saving money for the trip for a year.
They accorded a warm welcome to the traveler.
They need to eat double that amount.
They missed the train.
They may have missed the train.
They sent some people to live on the planet.
They deal in software products.
They lived happily ever afterward.
They believed that it must be a new element.
They asserted that it was true.
They went home to their respective houses.
Each of them sang a song.
They went their separate ways.
Each of them was given a prize.
They will agree on that.
They've taken three shots at it.
They do not know how to do it.
They could not agree how it should be done.
They must have known it all along.
They gave it to me.
They didn't feel like playing any more.
They're on pins and needles.
They are not such a bad lot.
They aren't such a bad lot.
They won't be able to get up so early.
They opposed Darwin's theory of evolution.
They usually have breakfast at half past seven o'clock and eat their lunch at twelve.
They sat down by the fire.
They sent for a doctor at once.
They lost no time in getting the sick man to a hospital.
They have just arrived.
They happened to walk side by side.
Not all of them are present.
They are engaged in playing chess.
They are playing chess.
They will be taken good care of.
They were just in time.
They came home from school just now.
They referred to Chaucer as the father of English poetry.
They are amused at the sight of chimpanzees.
They finally acknowledged it as true.
They finally reached the top of the mountain.
They finally consented to our suggestion.
They went out of sight at last.
They finally appeared to arms.
They moved in just the other day.
They visited Disneyland, where they enjoyed seeing many kinds of shows.
They sat around the table playing cards.
They confronted each other across the table.
They wanted to get married as soon as they could.
They amused themselves by playing a video game.
They advertised a new product on TV.
They were looking for a place at which they could pitch the tent.
They beat the door in.
They burst the door open.
How can they do this?
They consented to our marriage at last.
They attained their purpose at last.
They are not suited to each other.
They contrived to arrive in time after all.
They made much of the victory of their team in the tournament.
They walked along the street side by side.
He delayed payment on some pretext or other.
They go to the movies together once in a while.
They visited the town every now and then.
They suddenly appeared from nowhere.
Where did they come from?
They couldn't think where to go.
Both of them are very cute.
Either of them is honest.
They are so alike that I can't tell which is which.
They are having a really good time.
They will be very glad.
They are very kind.
They were too tired to work any more.
They were so poor that they had little money to buy food with.
They are very cheerful.
They live next door.
They will get up a party for Tom's birthday.
They hated Tom.
They had a lovely time together.
They are both unmarried.
They demanded damages from the driver.
They killed time playing cards.
They invited me to play cards.
They sat around the table to play cards.
They abandoned the fort to the Indians.
They abandoned the fort to the enemy.
They kept on walking.
They don't know what difficulties Tom went through in his youth.
They still clung to this doctrine.
They had a long chat about the old days.
Why did they wait upon him so servilely?
Why didn't they draw up a passenger list?
They wanted to know on what grounds he wished to quit.
What a nice couple they are!
How hard they work!
How badly they ski!
They tried to prevent the news from leaking out.
They set out for New York.
They flew to Paris by way of New York.
They enjoyed themselves at the party.
I don't think they can behave themselves at the party.
They discussed the plans for the party.
They are pilots.
They made the pilot fly the Navy helicopter.
They carried water in buckets.
They hung their heads in shame.
They got off the bus.
They're coming to the park by bus.
Did they go to museum by bus?
They were the first to get into the bus.
They aren't waiting for the bus.
They worked like so many bees.
They barricaded themselves in the room.
Now some Pharisees who had been sent.
They came all the way from Brazil.
They went after the parade.
They are playing volleyball.
They bargained additional rations of bread and milk.
Putting pieces of bread prevented them from getting lost.
They chose Peter as captain.
They set out on a picnic.
They arranged for the picnic.
They knelt and thanked God for sending them rain.
They knelt down and prayed that the war would end soon.
They are struggling to survive in business.
They were badly in need of water.
They each received a present.
They wrote a letter to each other once a month.
They stood idle, instead of putting their shoulder to the wheel.
They dried themselves in the sun.
Maybe they will come and maybe they won't.
They painted the fence green.
As their conversation was in French, I could not understand a word.
They quarreled as to which was easier, French or German.
They are equally matched in their knowledge of French.
They had a good command of French.
They come from the south of France.
They are now leveling the road with a bulldozer.
They celebrate Christmas with presents.
They became professional soccer players.
They were rescued by helicopter.
They take their meals at the hotel.
They arrived at the hotel.
They were prohibited from leaving the hotel.
They could hardly see.
They devised a scheme to make money with little effort.
They gave us very little trouble.
They are living it up in Honolulu.
They are in need of volunteers.
They appointed Mr White as manager.
They looked really happy.
They got to the station only a few minutes apart.
They held off choosing Mike as captain.
They didn't know what to do first.
They're at it again.
They fell to quarreling again.
They have not yet heard of it.
They haven't come back home yet.
They are still seeking evidence.
They questioned him.
They walked over the mat.
They dared not look me in the face.
They will catch up with the lead runner soon.
They soon arrived at the station on the moon.
It's said that they will soon be leaving Tokyo.
They get along like a cat and a dog.
They're no competition; our team can beat them hands down.
They live on the 12th floor of this condo.
They are planning to settle Missouri.
They live in a wretched little house.
They all gazed at the magician's movements.
They were all fed up with the noise.
They are all artless children.
All of them say so, but I believe none of them.
All of them went there.
All of them agreed to the proposal.
They all made for the door.
They all joined in the chorus.
They are all of an age.
They were all done up like clowns.
They all objected to his proposal.
They all expressed regret over her death.
They are all in arms.
All of them were gone.
They're all clamoring to get their money back.
They were all so tired that they could do nothing but yawn.
They all sought for the lost child.
They all envied my new car.
All of them wanted to know my secret.
They were all dressed in uniforms.
They are all college students.
They all thought of her as a bright girl.
They were all in convulsions of laughter.
All of them remained silent.
They all have come.
They made Mary tell everything.
Each of them has to write a report about what he saw.
Each of them has a bicycle.
It's rumored that they are going to get married.
They have already finished the work.
They did not wish to go any farther.
They did not feel like playing any more.
They should have arrived home by now.
They aren't children any more, but not adults yet.
They resolved to work harder.
They demanded that they should get more money.
They are on strike for money.
Originally they were farmers.
They will get married in due course.
They killed a goat as a sacrifice to God.
They were compelled to postpone their departure.
Their morale is high.
They moved ahead slowly.
They remained good friends.
They have gone to Europe.
They often play a practical joke on us.
They often drop in at my house.
They sang in tune.
They are well looked after.
They came to John and told him.
They made more powerful arms.
They caught a lion alive.
They armed themselves with rifles.
They were listening to the radio.
They submitted to their leader's order.
They were from Liverpool.
They sell apples, oranges, eggs, and so on.
They graded apples according to their size.
He caught them stealing apples.
They kept singing until a rescue team came.
They were seated at a table in a restaurant.
The group was seated in the back of the restaurant.
They are wrestlers.
They'd better beef up their report or it won't be accepted.
They seem to have had a good time in Rome.
They knew to an inch where the rocket would land.
They are going to send up a rocket.
They launched a rocket.
They call Robert "Bob".
They feasted on lobster and steak.
They set up a new company in London.
They have lived in London for ten years.
They set out for London.
They have fixed to go to London.
They called off their visit to London.
They're always having trouble with their word processor.
They celebrated his success by opening a bottle of wine.
They drank two bottles of wine.
They have to live on his small income.
They did not clap for us.
They captured foxes with snares.
They declined our invitation.
They came to love each other.
They fell in love, and in due course they were married.
They don't love their school enough.
They talked about love.
They went by without saying 'hello'.
They rose against oppression.
They were attacking against overwhelming odds.
They paid no attention to their safety.
They used to get on well together but now they are always quarreling.
They used to live next door to us.
They sent me a sample in answer to my request.
They exulted in their unexpected success.
They wear very little clothing.
They sent for the doctor.
They lost heart because they had won no games.
They left the town an hour ago.
They stayed at the hotel for a week.
They finished the work after a week.
They went there together.
They all answered "Yes" to a man.
They're not afraid of hard work.
They started all at once.
They stood up simultaneously.
They had to stay at home all day.
They had to work all year round.
They are typical young people.
They left early to catch the first train.
They were standing in a row.
They gave a series of concerts.
They were given over to drinking.
They were pioneers of space flight.
They waited on the porch until it stopped raining.
They got thoroughly wet in the rain.
They made little of the pouring rain.
They sought shelter from the rain.
It seemed that they were telling a lie.
They found it exciting to play baseball on the playground.
They laugh at him behind his back.
They dropped in at our house on their way from the movie.
They were swimming.
They didn't swim because it was cold.
They know how to swim.
They speak English or French or both.
They like English.
They could make themselves understood in English.
They are equally matched in their knowledge of English.
Are they speaking English?
Do they learn English?
They hurried to the station.
They drove to the station by car.
They set up a pole at the center of the circle.
They formed themselves into a circle.
They offered assistance.
They stand in need of help.
They walked two abreast.
They demanded the king be put to death at once.
They kept it to themselves that the king was dead.
They are plotting to kill the king.
They were ranged against the king.
They bestowed several gifts on the royal visitors.
They defied the laws of the king.
They should be pardoned by the amnesty law.
They grow strawberries in their greenhouse.
They are sitting as if charmed by the music.
They were dancing to the music.
They are talking about music.
They were not listening to music.
They live on the floor beneath.
They carried out a new experiment in chemistry.
They wondered what to do first.
They are agog to know what happened.
They stick to old customs in everything.
What a beautiful garden they made!
They walked miles and miles.
They want, more than anything else, to live in peace.
They want, above all things to live in peace.
What are they doing?
What are they at?
What are they after?
They lacked for nothing.
They had to read the book many times.
They waited for him for hours.
They went on arguing for hours.
They went on talking for hours.
They communicated with the Western countries.
They were thought to have died many years before.
They had been living where they could, sharing flats and baths, and kitchens, for some years.
They are in comfortable circumstance.
They are used to the humid climate of the summer.
They have a good store of food in the house.
They set about building a house.
They are building a house.
They are saving their money for the purchase of a house.
They broke down the house.
They saw the sights of Kyoto with their family.
They guard their families from poverty.
Because they had no time to spare, they hurried back to town.
They chatted with each other to pass the time.
They are spraying the fruit trees.
They sell fruit, bread, cakes, and many other things.
They are fond of fruit.
They canned the fruits to preserve them.
They went along the street singing the song.
They enjoyed singing songs.
They moved farther away from the fire.
They complained of the cold as there was no fire there.
They clustered around the fire.
They blew up the bridge with gunpowder.
They set off fireworks.
They deposited their bundles on the rock.
They warned us of our possible failure in this plan.
They appealed to us for help.
They enforced obedience upon us.
They defeated our team by three goals.
They departed ten days in advance of our party.
They obstructed our plan.
They came to our assistance.
They rejoiced over the news of our success.
They are of us, you know.
They scorned our attempts at reconciliation.
They are more emotional than we.
They refused to help us.
They call us problem children.
They are suffering from hunger.
They are on the border of starvation.
They can not meet without quarreling with each other.
Every time they meet, they quarrel.
They never meet without quarreling.
They arranged a meeting.
They blamed him for the failure of the company.
They were transferred from one office to another.
They carried the injured man by car to the hospital.
They seem determined to press forward with their program of reform.
They bought a site with lovely views of the ocean.
They spent the night on the beach.
They made for the seashore.
They strolled along the beach.
They laid down a scheme for extracting salt from seawater.
They all termed it nonsense.
They are all in a hurry to catch a train.
They are all good men at heart.
They all appeared satisfied with your answers.
They all account Mr James an able businessman.
They all got into the taxi at once.
They all went to the restaurant.
They all boosted the candidate.
They were all great men.
They are all dead.
All of them have independent means.
They are people of a kind.
They all tried to talk at one time.
They all laughed at his jokes.
They all respect him.
They easily adapted to living abroad.
They cannot have gone out, because the light is on.
They cleared the street of snow.
They allotted to each player the benefits due him.
They are afraid that nuclear war will break out.
They seem to be worrying about nuclear weapons.
They failed to get any definite information.
They are getting on the bus at the corner.
They didn't have to speak about our school.
They live near the school.
They set up a school.
Learning runs in their blood.
They gave themselves up to the enjoyment of sensual pleasures.
They experienced emotional pain and despair.
They acclaimed him as their leader.
They acclaimed him their leader.
They acclaimed her Queen.
They are satisfied with a simple life.
They set out on a sightseeing tour.
They blamed themselves for being wrong.
It seems that they took the wrong train.
They sent my suitcase to London by mistake.
They rescued him from danger.
They have, among them, ruined our plan.
They embarked on the new project full of hope.
They disputed the ownership of the land for years.
They have orders to return home.
They are on their way home.
They sent up a balloon.
They are ignorant of the rules.
They will say your car is very lovely.
They grew warm over the debate.
They decided to put an end to the discussion.
They were engaged in a heated argument.
They got to a village under a hill.
They stood on the top of the hill.
They began to climb the hill.
They agreed on cease-fire terms.
They rushed out of the room.
They burst into tears.
They broke into laughter.
They were labeled radicals.
They do nothing but cry.
They looked as if they would cry.
They saw the waiter coming in a hurry.
They asked for an increase of salary.
They made a claim for higher pay.
They breed cattle and horses.
They were in Joe's class last year.
They went to a resort in the mountains last summer.
They started studying English last year.
They went to Kyoto last year.
They are having tea in the living room.
They disguised themselves as fishermen and escaped in a boat.
They wanted to take pictures of Kyoto.
They are seeing the sights of Kyoto.
They have nothing in common.
They have a common hobby.
They are bound together by common interests.
They agreed on a joint statement.
They completed the picture hand in hand.
They agreed to work together.
They have investigated the possibility of cooperation.
They crossed the border into Spain.
There is a strong bond of affection between them.
They had their houses destroyed by a strong earthquake.
They are collecting contributions for the church.
They watched the solemn ceremony in the church with awe.
They sent their son to Europe to acquire culture.
They decided to build a bridge.
They constructed a bridge.
They walked along a narrow path.
They were jumping about in excitement.
They joined in the temperance movement.
They live nearby.
They were told to play in the nearby park.
They have been on good terms with their neighbours.
They are scant of money.
They importune their parents for money.
They went out to Australia seeking gold.
They did everything in order to make money.
They want to become rich.
They are generous with their money.
They had to endure a hard life.
They labored over the budget for the fiscal year 1997.
They looked up at the sky.
They live close by the airport.
They shot down two enemy planes during the raid.
They filled in the blanks.
They filled the vacancy by appointment.
They feel hungry.
They left for Europe by air.
They go without shoes.
They expect some cooperation of you.
They are angry at your ill manners.
They must be waiting for you.
They refer to you as their friends.
They found Tom in the crowd.
They made their way through the crowd.
They intended to increase the military budget.
They escaped from prison.
They exchanged formal greetings.
They will cut down on their expenses.
They spent four hours discussing their plan.
They agree that they have no choice but to give up the whole plan.
They gave no heed to the warning.
They did not regard the warning.
They entered into a heated discussion.
They burst out into a storm of abuse.
They fought a fierce battle.
They checked the machine for defects.
They replaced the defective TV with a new one.
They were destined never to meet.
They will never agree.
They never tell a lie.
They should never play foul.
They are far from happy.
It's no use pleading because they'll never give in.
They intended to drill for oil.
They are boring a hole.
After all is said and done, he was a first-rate novelist.
They are unlikely to marry.
They bought a few pieces of furniture when they got married.
How long do you think they have been married?
They got married and settled near Boston.
It is twenty years since they got married.
They have been married two years.
They decided to marry.
They announced the date of their wedding in the newspaper.
They set the time and place of the wedding.
They haven't fixed a date for their wedding yet.
They advanced the wedding date.
They are related by blood.
They are cousins by blood.
They sat on the bench, looking at the moon.
They can come on Monday or Tuesday, but not on Wednesday or Thursday.
They look healthy.
They went through the medical check-up.
They were making great progress in architecture.
The men have been shorn of their power.
They assumed a victory as their own.
They don't take care of that dog.
Don't they take care of the dog?
Do they take care of the dog?
They earmarked enough money for research work.
They kept quiet so that they would not be found.
They blamed me for my lack of foresight.
They must be educated enough so that they will make a wise choice.
They climbed the rugged north face.
They destroyed the native civilization.
They know how to make an atomic bomb.
They are accustomed to hard work.
They claimed credit for tax reduction.
They are content with things as they are.
They did not assimilate with the natives.
He had the privilege of a private education.
They take it for granted that what is new is better than what is old.
They decided to abolish the old restriction.
They compared the new car with the old one.
They disposed of the old car.
They did away with the old system.
They earn their living by collecting and selling old newspapers.
They parted with a firm handshake.
They embraced tightly.
They brought solid fuel with them.
They abandoned their country.
They chopped down all the withered trees.
They bathed in the lake.
They went on a picnic to the lake.
They are loyal to their master.
They strive constantly to improve customer relations.
They have tea at five.
They are disappointed with each other.
They tried very hard to gain an advantage over one another.
They admire each other.
They are of kin to each other.
They have mutual respect.
There's bad blood between them.
They rob, and furthermore cheat each other.
They were criticizing each other.
They communicate with each other by mail.
They entered into conversation.
They are talking with each other.
They study in the afternoon.
They have four classes in the morning.
They caught up with us later.
They must have made a mistake.
They drove the car one after the other.
They drove the car by turns.
They kept guard by turns.
They rushed to the scene of the traffic accident.
They were stuck for hours in a traffic jam.
They were hung up in a traffic jam for half an hour.
They were playing baseball in the park.
They may be playing in the park.
They sat on a bench in the park.
They sat on a park bench and began talking.
They live in a new house near the park.
They are running in the park.
They have made friends with their new neighbors across the street.
They stood face to face.
They missed a good chance.
They watched their chance.
They labored in the factories.
They seem happy.
They were rich as well as happy.
They are happy.
They lived a happy life.
They must be happy.
They are after happiness.
They went in search of happiness.
They dropped an atomic bomb on Hiroshima.
Not only did they ignore the protest, they also lied to the press.
They are immune to attack.
They walked three miles farther.
They formed a project to build a new school building.
They did not abide by the school regulations.
They were chatting on the campus.
They worked hard to aid the victims of the flood.
They went on a voyage.
They are collecting information by casual methods.
They were listening to the lecture attentively.
They are arriving here soon from Hong Kong.
They are high school students.
They have developed sophisticated computers.
They attract customers by offering high-quality goods.
They acted immediately by agreement.
They fought for the sake of their country.
They fought for the honor of their country.
They sued the government for damages.
They have to solve conflicts among nations.
They commanded a majority in the Diet.
They passed across the border.
They were delegates from India to the U. N.
They fed a black and a white dog.
They are now either in Kyoto or in Osaka.
They are having breakfast now.
They are discussing the matter at present.
They are now at rest.
They married on the third of this month.
They ought to have reached there by now.
They have nothing to do with the subject we are discussing.
They must have arrived home by this time.
They are out of work now.
They won't play tennis this Saturday.
They are having breakfast at eight this week.
They are all away on holiday this week.
They are loading coal into a ship now.
They are running now.
They don't have to go to school today.
They have been good neighbors to this day.
They look happy today.
They are to hold a party tonight.
They take great pride in their daughter, who is now a famous singer.
They are aware of the difficulties.
They fell into the difficult problems.
Despite the hardships, they persisted in giving each of their children a college education.
They got into difficulties.
They called off their engagement.
They are confused, aren't they?
They confused the names of the sender and the addressee.
They didn't want to get any gold dust.
They found a mysterious city in ruins in the desert.
They are looking for chairs to sit on.
They got married of late.
They fought to the last man.
They are the coolest of the cool.
They did not know what to do first.
They were pleased at the birth of their first child.
At first, they didn't believe him.
They closed down the ferry service since it was no longer economical.
They were calm in the face of disaster.
They should face a penalty for their crimes.
They are arguing about their share of the property.
They are suffering financial difficulties.
They set sail for New York yesterday.
They went to the zoo by bus yesterday.
They studied English yesterday.
They met with the Minister of Foreign Affairs yesterday.
They robbed the bank of some money yesterday.
Were they in the library yesterday?
They passed by her house yesterday.
They arrived here safely yesterday.
They visited their parents yesterday.
They got married last fall.
They made love last night.
They were called out three times last night.
They entertained us at dinner last night.
They set out last night.
They made a great tumult last night.
They lost their way in the mountain.
They couldn't decide whether to go to the mountains or the sea.
They lodged by twos and threes in the cottage.
They set up a tent on the mountaintop.
They sympathized with the miserable criminal.
They got to business.
They are at work.
They accomplished their mission.
They fled in all possible directions.
They were scattered in all directions.
They fled in all directions.
They started early for fear they should miss the first train.
They named their child Thomas.
They shouldn't let children swim in that river.
They accused the teacher of being too strict with the children.
They only stayed together for the sake of their children.
They worked hard for the sake of their children.
They have known each other since their childhood.
They differed with each other on the care and upbringing of their children.
They are earnest about their children's education.
They demanded that the mayor should resign.
They have full confidence in their leader.
They are living on charity.
They gave him up for lost.
They insisted on my making use of this opportunity.
They were not aware that I was not there.
They accused me of taking the money.
They insisted on my paying the money.
They insisted on my attending the meeting.
They insisted on my making use of the opportunity.
They are all alike to me.
They were anxious I would help them.
They don't allow us to go to disco.
They won't allow us to enter the garden.
They like us to come and stay with them.
They live in our block.
They supplied us with food.
They are our dearest friends.
They are very thick with our family.
They are the pupils of our school.
They were sitting on the sofa in our living room.
They are jealous of our success.
They are much taller than us.
They had started earlier than we had.
They had started earlier than us.
They made us work all day long.
They made us work all night.
They invited us around for a meal.
They kept us waiting outside for a long time.
They asked me to join the union of the company.
They asked me what my name was, where I came from, and why I had come.
They didn't tell me so.
They charged me with the important task.
They forced me to take the medicine.
They are very kind to me.
They require me to work harder.
They asked me for something to drink.
They were glad to see me.
They asked me to make a speech at short notice.
They have charged me pounds for the shoes.
They advised me to go to the police station.
They paid me in kind.
They are pushing me for payment.
They asked for my help.
They have assigned me a small room.
They shifted the blame onto my shoulders.
They were very kind to me.
They forced me to sign my name.
They forced me to sing a song.
They required me to keep silent.
They often say I like a spirit of cooperation.
They gave a big party for me.
They gave in to my opinion.
They didn't take much account of my opinion.
They stole apples from my orchard.
They robbed my orchard.
They dashed water into my face.
They went against my wishes.
They are my classmates.
They came to the hospital to inquire after me.
They deprived me of my liberty.
They answered my questions with difficulty.
They have been in my employ for five years.
They laughed away my worries.
They acted according to my advice.
They mistook my politeness for friendship.
They are strongly opposing my proposal.
They are familiar with my father.
They don't know my name.
They are my friends.
They aren't my parents.
They kept me waiting for an hour.
They made fun of me.
They made me go there.
They said they would employ me at the office.
They invited me to the party.
They made me go there alone.
They call me Bob.
The moment they saw me, they waved.
They regaled me on a Chinese banquet.
They looked on me as their leader.
They made me captain.
They greeted me with a smile.
They made me wait for a long time.
They addressed me as doctor.
They did me a great wrong.
I gather that they'll agree with us.
They made us work all day.
They paid us each 1,yen.
They will send us lumber.
They declined the invitation to our party.
They congratulated us on our victory.
They are considered the aristocracy in our town.
They scoffed at our efforts.
They are superior to us in learning.
They know us.
They entertained us at dinner.
He was a poet and diplomat.
They are a poet and a statesman.
They studied very hard so as not to fail in the exam.
They failed in the examination.
They lost the game but observed the rules.
They were eager for the game to begin.
They had games, made good friends, and enjoyed themselves very much.
They are short of funds.
They ended capitalism and built a socialist society.
They made for the scene of the accident.
They blamed him for the accident.
They ascribed the accident to the bad weather.
They were apprehensive that the situation would worsen.
They built an extension to the office.
They have something in common.
They started a drive to raise a charity fund.
They finished building the bridge on time.
They rent the car by the hour.
They have a strict idea of time.
They were so busy they didn't realize what time it was.
They visit us from time to time.
They visited me occasionally.
They came here one after another.
They jumped into the water one after another.
They are deliberating what to do next.
They are eager to win the next game.
They went to the park the next morning.
They were leaving Japan the next day.
They will have been staying here for two months next Sunday.
They started one after another.
They fell one after another.
They arrived one after another.
They came in one after another.
They became sick one after another.
They brought trouble on themselves.
They stood up for the rights of their nation.
They broke out into spontaneous laughter.
Of their own accord they agreed to his plan.
Little did they imagine that they would lose the game.
They kept it secret that they were in love.
They build their house for themselves.
They owned the lot between them.
They didn't neglect their own duty.
They named their dog Lucky.
They hoped to change their outlook and plans.
They knew that doing their work cheerfully is the only way to make routine work bearable.
They looked up to their leader.
They are fanatical in their beliefs.
They made many sacrifices to get their own house.
They believe their country is secure against foreign enemies.
It is important for them to do their best.
They spoke well of their grandson.
They make good use of their rooms.
They boast of their bridge.
They fought for their liberty.
They fought in the cause of freedom.
They died for the cause of liberty.
They held a protest march for freedom.
They are struggling for freedom.
They aligned themselves with the Liberals.
They blamed the failure on George.
They were plainly dressed.
They make themselves out to be poorer than they really are.
They were lying on the grass.
They lost some symbols of social intercourse.
They demanded that the president resign.
They had no other resource but to apologize.
They got out of the car.
They went to Chicago by car.
They have to repair their car.
They live in a rented house.
They are too far in debt to get the small business loan.
They regret not having valued the days of their youth more.
They married when they were young.
They spoke ill of the captain in his absence.
They went hand in hand.
They give part of their spare time to take care of the sick.
Are they writing a letter?
They felt their way in the dark.
They kept on feeling their way.
They had a good hunt.
They succeeded in catching the tiger alive.
They demonstrated against the raising of the tuition fees.
They bound the prisoner's arms and legs.
They set the prisoner at liberty.
They equate religion with church-going.
They meet once a week.
They have English lessons three times a week.
They are paid by the week.
They don't go to school at the weekend.
They used to go for a drive to Nagoya Port on weekends.
They like to get together and drink.
They had no house to live in.
They have no house to live in.
They are looking for a house to live in.
They were burdened with heavy taxes.
They run like pigs from a gun.
They armed themselves with guns.
They bartered guns for furs.
They always sit up late doing their homework.
They are beginning their homework.
They held a congratulatory banquet.
They made for the exit.
They are about to start.
They were watching for the signal to start.
They shouted as loudly as they could.
They watched four hours at night in turn.
They made speeches in turn.
They each sang in turn.
They shouted for help.
They hung out the flag for the Queen's visit.
They won the day.
They do anything in order to win.
They assumed the victory as their own.
They said their prayers for victory.
They are not merchants, but farmers.
They are shrewd in trade.
They start for Europe on business.
They are not little children.
They grind wheat into flour.
They studied it a little bit, but they couldn't spend all day finding out what to do, so they finally picked up the other one, and the water went out again, all over the floor.
They don't do a lick of work.
They got through the marsh.
They fought the fire.
They laughed over their silly misunderstanding.
They laughed and cried at the same time.
They laughed the speaker down.
They contended with each other for the prize.
They are contending for the prize.
They went on board the ship.
They move from place to place, often change jobs, divorce more frequently, and take economic and social risks which seem dangerous.
They are constantly trying to outdo each other.
They are crying to the government to find employment for them.
They are in the teachers' room.
They finished their meal.
They are having dinner.
They are alert to the dangers of food poisoning.
They are short of food.
They were cut off from food supplies.
They are suffering from want of food.
They fought for freedom of religion.
They resisted the invaders.
They sat up all night.
They hurried by without a glance.
They moved to a new house.
They are satisfied with the new house.
They will set up a new company.
They worked hard in order to develop a new machine.
They assailed the new teacher with questions.
They held a dinner for the new president.
They formed a new political party.
They are trying to organize a new political party.
They cry out against the new tax.
They found out a new method.
They started a new business.
They advertised a new car on TV.
They amplified their argument by new facts.
They want to increase food production by growing new kinds of rice.
They have established a new government.
They teased the new student.
They exchanged the New Year's greeting.
They adopted a new policy.
They were not able to respect their new lord.
They tried to collect wood from the forest.
They could not help shuddering when they found a dead body in the wood.
They are making for the forest.
They went through the woods.
They roamed about the forest.
They are deeply in love.
They talked and talked until after midnight.
They thanked God.
They are in the hands of the gods.
They stayed at a new hotel in Kobe.
They were kind enough to assist us.
They are willing to learn English.
They are willing to help us out.
They could not expect to make progress.
They succeeded in putting an artificial satellite in orbit.
I found them lying on the artificial grass.
They caught sight of the man among the crowd of people.
They campaigned for racial equality.
They worked to help people.
They have been cheated of the best things that life has to offer.
They discussed the subject of the offender of the meaning of life.
They furnished the library with many books.
They have access to the library.
They checked how pure the water was.
They splashed water over me.
They camped at the water's edge.
They became food for fishes.
So they filled them to the brim.
They won by force of numbers.
They have to study hard for the math test.
They started hours ago.
They started hours ago, so they ought to have arrived here by now.
They went on working for hours.
They went on a trip a few days ago.
They eat half the world's wheat.
They are making every effort for the promotion of world peace.
They didn't oppose the project just because they feared public opinion.
They did not oppose the project just because they feared public opinion.
They did not oppose the project because they feared public opinion.
They extended their territory by conquest.
They are indifferent to politics.
They liked to argue about political issues.
They don't deal in political matters.
They are organizing politically and working to ensure that they are respected and valued.
They organized a political party.
Guided by the star, they reached the island.
They are decked out in their Sunday clothes.
They fought in the cause of justice.
They could barely make ends meet.
They had better cut down their living expenses.
They found it difficult to earn a living.
They were swearing at each other at the top of their voices.
They cried out in chorus "No!"
They answered in chorus.
They clamored emphatically against the nuclear tests.
They shouted at the top of voices.
They headed westward.
They were the native New Zealanders before the Western people came.
They cast bronze into a statue.
They falsified the account balances to evade the tax.
They are in favor of the reform of the tax laws.
They used to live in luxury.
When they had read what was written on the stone, the younger brother said:
They marked off the land for their house with rows of stones.
They burned some coal.
They are loading oil into the ship.
They are boring the ground for oil.
What do they call their baby?
They named the baby Graham after their uncle.
They named their baby Jane.
They contributed money to the Red Cross.
They built the ship in accordance with the plans.
They like to play in the snow.
They found the track of a bear in the snow.
They were constantly quarreling.
They live in constant dread of floods.
They stood against the picturesque scenery.
They went to America last month.
They were to have been married last month.
They climbed Mt. Fuji last week.
They gave a play to entertain their teachers.
They are teachers.
They were scolded by the teacher.
Their teacher is making them study hard.
They answered their teacher's question with difficulty.
They were afraid of the teacher.
They waited for their teacher.
They congratulated their 'sempai' on his promotion.
They fished the stream for trout.
They aren't swimming in the river.
They washed themselves in the river.
They built a bridge across the river.
They live across the river.
They advanced to the river.
They rowed up the river.
They swam across the river.
They made their way across the river.
They lost the battle.
They died in battle.
They invaded the country with tanks and guns.
They moved the troops back in a sudden change of tactics.
They explored every avenue in an attempt to avoid war.
They lived in the countryside during the war.
They had to endure great hardship during the war.
They sailed around the world.
They warned the ship of the danger.
They drew their boat on the beach.
They are likely to get seasick.
They carried out the captain's order to the letter.
They came early so they wouldn't miss the prelude.
They crept forward.
They resemble each other in all respects.
They backed him up in everything.
All of them are not present.
They are not at all interested.
They were not brave at all.
They were a good group as a whole.
They are five in all.
They are all so much alike that I can't tell which is which.
They backed me up in everything.
They defended their country.
They fought in defense of their country.
They are a nice couple; they are always in sympathy with each other.
They came to terms with the union leaders.
They agreed to start early.
They arrived too soon.
They left the camp early in the morning, arriving in the town before noon.
They gave mutual help to each other.
They leaned out of the window to watch the parade.
They painted the window frames yellow.
They left it to me to decide on a gift.
They are a perfect match for each other.
They are keen for their sons to live together.
They are disappointed in their son.
They despaired of their son.
They spent a lot of money on their son.
They felt disgraced by their son's wild behavior.
They named their son John.
They renounced their son.
They had brought up their sons to stand on their own feet.
They strengthened the embankments to secure the village against floods.
They supplied the villagers with food.
They diverted the river to supply water somewhere else.
They should not intervene in the internal affairs of another country.
They were more or less surprised at the news.
They are faced with a multitude of stresses.
They have lost a lot.
They went through with many difficulties.
They overcame many inveterate superstitions.
They won the battle at the cost of many lives.
They were confronted with many problems.
They laid off many workers at that point.
They did it at great expense.
They had been thumping the drum all along.
They are making good use of the heat from the sun.
They elected Taro captain of their team.
Are they in the gym?
They gathered in the gym.
They were tired of waiting.
They are lazy. I can't understand such people.
They had no alternative but to retreat.
They are talking in the kitchen.
They broke in through the kitchen window.
They have a large house.
Their progress was stopped by a wide river.
They gained great wealth.
They manage to get along without much money.
Theirs is a large household; they have six children.
They study in order that they may enter the university.
They liked large cars.
They loved to spend all day playing together.
They elected him mayor by a large majority.
They signed a three-year contract with a major record company.
They howled with laughter.
They will be accepted by their peers in adulthood.
They crossed the Atlantic Ocean.
They live in a great house.
They listened to the President making a speech over the radio.
They attempted to assassinate the president.
They demanded that President resign.
They were for the most part young girls.
They are chiseling a statue out of marble.
They have plenty of grain in store.
They had been in the States until the end of World War II.
They cashed in on the second oil crisis.
They eat a lot of rice.
They aren't hated by anybody.
Who are they?
None of them are happy.
They participated in the team games.
They wear their hair bobbed.
They got a warm reception.
They gathered about the fireplace.
They chased the man to arrest him.
They take it for granted that men and women are equal.
They agreed on a price.
They pretended ignorance.
They took the subway.
They believed that the earth was flat.
They argued that the earth is round.
They know the importance of protecting the earth.
They fled the town after the earthquake.
They loaded the trucks with emergency supplies for the earthquake victims.
They studied the map to find a short cut.
They sit on the ground or on blankets made of the wool of the llama or alpaca.
They had little information about geography.
They are rowing a boat on the pond.
Maybe they are somewhere around the pond.
They will find out sooner or later.
They carried on the summit conference till late.
They could reach there without delay.
I think that they will be late.
When they arrived in the town they found it easy to make friends.
They began to quarrel among themselves.
They made up and became friends again.
They fixed up a quarrel.
They are interested in abstract reasoning.
They continued the experiment day and night.
They work only during the day.
They are impatient for their lunch.
They ate sandwiches for lunch.
They interrupted the meeting for lunch.
They seated themselves at the table ready for lunch.
They are at lunch.
They worked hard day and night.
They worked around the clock.
They worked hard from morning till night.
They made him work from morning till night.
Do they get up early in the morning?
They set forth on the return journey early in the morning.
They made their way toward the town.
They advanced on the town.
They are amid the city noises.
They will contribute greatly to the growth of the town.
They walked around the corner.
They had a long wait for the bus.
They had to strive against natural calamities for ages.
They stood talking for a long time.
They have lived here for a long time.
They lived in a very small house at the end of a long, gray street.
They came presently to our rescue.
They came to our rescue at once.
They abandoned the sinking ship.
They kept silence.
They negotiate with their employer about their wages.
They were turned away without wages.
They worked together to put out the fire.
They weren't warned of the tidal wave.
They were rescued by a passing ship.
They cleared the streets of snow.
They distributed pamphlets to passers-by.
They seem to go together.
They complained about their low wages.
They went on board a liner.
They increased the territory of the empire.
They are stopping at the Empire Hotel.
They grow flowers in the garden.
They are having lunch in the garden.
They are out in the garden.
They are pursuing the robber.
They bound the thief to a tree.
They sounded the alarm when they saw the enemy approaching.
They are not enemies, but friends.
They came to terms with their enemy.
They fought against the enemy.
They ambushed the enemy.
They began to make violent attacks against the enemy.
They overcame the enemy.
They called down the wrath of God upon the heads of their enemies.
They sank ten enemy ships.
They were exposed to the enemy's gunfire.
They monitored the enemy's radio communications.
They conceived a plan to surprise the enemy.
They attacked the enemy.
They exulted over the defeat of their enemies.
They fought a fair battle with the enemy.
They yielded the town to the enemy.
They attempted to break through the enemy line.
They chatted about the weather.
They are very interested in astronomy.
They closed up shop and left town.
They went down to the country.
They settled in the country.
They elected Mr Tanaka captain of the team.
They made room for the old lady on the train.
They crossed the vast continent on foot.
They were caught in a shower on the way.
They are planning to connect the cities with a railroad.
Their effort resulted in success.
They yielded their land to the invaders.
They denied the humanity of slaves.
They labored like slaves.
They always go skiing in winter.
They shut up their store for the winter.
They were frozen to death.
They built a small village on an island.
They obtained a yield of percent on their investment.
They summed up the voting.
They explored Lake Tanganyika in East Africa.
They had lived there until they came to Tokyo.
They found the stolen money.
Did they live here?
They entered into a discussion.
They attempted to escape.
They are proud of their clever son.
They condemned him for his cruelty to animals.
They went to the zoo.
They are the same age.
They are in the same class.
They have the same habits.
They can produce the same goods at a far lower cost.
They became all the better friends because they entered the same college.
They were on board the same airplane.
They are in the same camp.
They arrived in Paris at the same time.
They started at the same time.
They cleared the road of snow.
They live on the other side of the road.
They made the road more even.
They had a culture of their own.
They arrived in Southern Rhodesia, and there was a choice of an immigrants' camp, consisting of mud huts with a communal water supply, or a hotel; and they chose the hotel, being what are known as people of means.
They explored the Antarctic.
They went on an expedition to the Antarctic.
They were speaking in a Southern dialect.
They could not cope with difficulties.
They established a Japanese language class for the refugees.
They did a good deed in helping refugees.
They are appealing for money to help refugees.
It's not as if they were BOTH rich.
Both of them are kind and honest.
They would never meet again.
They were never to meet again.
They had gone there two days before.
They are paid by the day.
They live in a sunny house.
They substantiated their claim by producing dated receipts.
They often connect Japan with Mt. Fuji.
They often associate Japan with Mt. Fuji.
They settled in Japan.
Five years have passed since they came to Japan.
They became citizens of Japan.
They spent hours in argument about the future of Japan.
Are they Japanese or Chinese?
Are they Japanese?
They employ foreigners because Japanese workers are in short supply.
They are trying to drive Japanese goods out of the market.
They are scheduled to leave for New York on Sunday.
They go to church on Sunday.
They go to church on Sunday morning.
They caught up with him at the entrance.
They saw a cat climbing up the tree.
He crept on all fours like a cat.
They must have failed through lack of enthusiasm.
They were burning with enthusiasm.
It seemed that they were interested in tropical fish.
They don't want to advance in years.
They are kind to old people.
They have nothing in common with the older generation.
They had to clean out the goods in stock within the year.
They sat according to age.
They are thought of as competent.
They study about the function of the brain.
They led a happy life on their farm.
They built a fence around the farm.
They blocked the flow of water from the burst pipe.
They advertised that they had a house for sale.
They advertised a house for sale.
They defused the bomb before it could blow up.
They knocked the box to pieces.
They work in the fields.
He took a room at the Yaesu Hotel.
They escaped being punished.
He was laughed at for being so ignorant.
They were angry at his not coming to the meeting.
They accused him of stealing the bicycle.
They are helping him to solve it, but, all the same, it is a hard problem.
They concluded that he had told a lie.
They heard him come downstairs.
They insist that he should go.
They could not tell whether he was dead or alive.
They assisted him in performing the operation.
They often heard him speak ill of others.
They thought he was the son of the Sun.
They caught him stealing.
They argued that he killed her.
They saw him enter the room.
They caught him playing a trick on his sister.
They accused him of being in the classroom in order to cause trouble.
They supplied money to him.
They requested him to do the job.
They wished a hard job on him.
They suggested to him that he go alone.
They branded him as a liar.
They demanded money from him.
They forced him to tell the truth.
They accorded him many honors.
They forced him to sign the letter.
They made him sign the contract.
They found him guilty.
They let him tell the story.
They laughed at the affectations in his speech.
They regarded him as a good scholar.
They regarded his behavior as childish.
They made him sign the contract against his will.
They hung on his every word.
They inquired about his past experience.
They awarded him a gold medal for his achievement.
They flattered him about his diligence.
They asked his brother to help them with their homework.
They were angered at his decision.
They congratulated him on his marriage.
They gave serious attention to his words.
They forgave him for his crimes.
They were very saddened to hear of his death.
They laughed at his mistake.
They turned him over to the police.
They neglected his advice, with the result the their company went bankrupt.
They hooted at his suggestion.
They dismissed his criticism as hypocrisy.
They blotted out his name from the list.
They entered his name on the list.
They said that his claim was false.
They granted his request.
They expressed their deep love of their country in their own ways.
They pay little attention to him.
He cannot answer their questions.
They looked on him as a great judge.
They made fun of him.
He was made captain.
They made him the chairman of a club.
They incited him to commit the crime.
They call him Jim.
They regarded him as the ringleader of the murder case.
They consider him unfit for that job.
They consider him unfit for the job.
They made him captain of the team.
They consider him a hero.
They look up to him as their leader.
They looked on him as their leader.
They chose him for their leader.
They regarded him as a great scholar.
They installed him as chairman of the committee.
They entangled him in a plot.
They worshipped him as a hero.
They called him a coward.
They look up to him as their benefactor.
They elected him chairman.
They agreed to elect him as president.
They were suspicious of him, and not without reason.
They appointed him chairman.
They buried him in the graveyard by the church.
They looked on him as an authority.
They laughed at him.
They regarded him as a national hero.
They didn't kill him. They just roughed him up a bit as a warning.
They looked up to him as their leader.
They appointed him manager.
They honored him as their leading statesman.
They lifted him carefully into the ambulance.
They identified him with God.
They respect him.
They looked on him as a great scholar.
They decided to exclude him from their circle.
They bound him to a pole.
They mistook him for his brother.
They consider him intelligent.
They made him work.
They enrolled him as a jury member.
They will look up to him as their benefactor.
They booted him out of school for not studying.
They sent him to North America.
They forced him to give in to their opinion.
They appointed him as a director.
They dissuaded her from cutting her long hair.
They ask her many questions.
They invited her to go to the party.
They denied her any help.
They set aside her objections.
They met through her introduction.
They looked on her behavior as childish.
They stared at her swimming suit in amazement.
They paid attention to her attitude.
They sought to prove her guilt.
They bound her legs together.
They viewed her as a nuisance.
They elected her chairperson.
They held her in high esteem as their benefactor.
They excluded her from the meeting.
They used abusive language to her.
They made her go.
They admire her deeply.
They have treated her well.
They welcomed her warmly.
They kept silent for fear of offending her.
They appointed her to do the task.
They let her marry him.
They didn't stop working though they were tired.
They must have been tired.
Since they were tired, they turned in earlier than usual.
He was so tired that he could hardly stand.
They vote in secret, may seek public office, and may demand the removal of public officials who behave improperly.
Were they let in on the secret?
They called on us to do something to help the victims.
They supplied the sufferers with food.
They have to figure out the cost.
They will have to cut down their expenses.
They were very confused.
They were very excited.
They seemed to be discussing a matter of great importance.
They went out of the room very silently.
They worked in perfect harmony with each other.
They jostled one another to get out of an emergency exit.
They cut down the trees dying of disease.
They may be poor, but rich in spirit.
They live in poverty.
Though they were poor, they brought up seven children.
Even though they were poor, they were happy.
Poor though they were, they didn't worry about their future.
Being poor, they had to work hard.
They didn't yield to the poverty.
They passed an uneasy night.
They made a stubborn resistance.
They discarded unnecessary things.
They do nothing but complain.
They pretend to be man and wife.
They became man and wife.
They made a fool of him in the presence of ladies.
They gave up their plan to climb Mt. Fuji.
They were so frightened that they couldn't move an inch.
They usually go to school by bicycle.
They are not illiterate in the sense that they can not read or write at all.
They usually go to school from Monday to Friday.
They asked after my father.
They lamented the death of their father.
They hurried to their father's rescue.
They sang on the stage in turn.
They found the room empty.
They complained of the room being too hot.
They slept a little in the room.
They went out of the room, one after another.
They were lost at sea, at the mercy of wind and weather.
They set fire to their neighbour's house in revenge.
They split their sides laughing.
They gave him both material and spiritual support.
As soldiers they went to the front.
They broke down part of the wall.
They lived in peace.
They are a peace-loving people.
They're anxious for peace.
They are eager for peace.
They sat side by side.
They made a breach in the wall.
They parted, never to see each other again.
They each paid separately.
They live apart.
They contended against prejudice.
They were on duty by turns.
They cleared the pavement of snow.
They sell us freshly caught fish in the early morning market.
They were taken prisoner.
They dealt with the prisoners kindly.
They refused to go anywhere on foot.
They crossed the waters on foot.
They were clearing the snow from the sidewalk with a shovel.
They dug a grave.
They have very little to live on.
They are well off.
They scraped up enough money to buy a gift for their mother.
They were abandoned by their mother.
They rushed towards their mother.
They bought jewels and automobiles.
They dug here and there for treasure.
They went in search of treasure.
They are going to play baseball after school.
Do they have something like a compass?
They are filibustering to prevent the bill from passing.
They introduced a bill in Congress.
They worked hard like so many bees.
They have a large stock of information.
They saluted each other by raising their hats.
They were busy.
They were under the yoke of a tyrant.
They figured there was no hope.
They set out on an arctic expedition.
They went on an expedition to the North Pole.
They fly south from the arctic region.
They are as strong as us.
They're ignoring me.
I don't expect that they will support my view.
They paid little attention to my words.
They laughed at my idea.
They laughed at the photograph of my boyhood.
They appreciate my effort.
They are very alike to me.
They might tell us the truth.
They go to church every Sunday.
They worship every Sunday.
They wake up at six every morning.
They discuss the matter every day.
They need daily care.
They communicate with each other by telephone every day.
They go camping every summer.
They continued fighting against the invaders year after year.
They go skiing at Nozawa every winter.
They are sufficiently well off to be able to spend each winter in Florida.
Do they clip the sheep every year?
They telegraphed that everything was all right.
They are negotiating to reach a satisfactory compromise.
They cut out a path through thick jungle.
They have a strange affinity for each other.
They landed on an island safely yesterday.
They conducted a series of experiments under zero gravity.
They will survey the desert island.
They didn't die for nothing.
They got into the grip of ignorance and poverty.
They named their daughter Helen.
They announced the engagement of their daughter.
They are proud of their daughter.
They went on fighting the fire at the risk of their lives.
They are supposed to obey the orders.
They clearly have something different in mind.
They are going to give a party the day after tomorrow.
They are going to launch an artificial satellite tomorrow.
They are seeing their uncle tomorrow.
They will debate the question tomorrow.
They are having a party tomorrow.
They won't come until tomorrow.
They intend to marry tomorrow.
They are leaving for Tokyo tomorrow.
They are leaving Japan tomorrow.
They acted together as if by compact.
They followed their leader blindly.
They are gathering nuts.
They sat under a tree.
They stripped the tree of its bark.
They sat in the shade of a tree.
They live in that house among the trees.
They had better have kept their mouths shut.
They listened to the teacher with their eyes shining.
They were standing still with their eyes wide open.
They attained their purpose.
They made straight for their destination.
They attained their aim.
They were waiting for the gate to open.
They were under the magical influence of the night.
They had a narrow escape under cover of darkness.
They crowded into my house late at night.
They went on talking all night.
They surprised the enemy at dawn.
They arrived there before dawn.
They are baseball players.
They didn't keep their promise.
They will keep their promise.
They accused me of having broken my promise.
They operated an oil well.
They faced the danger bravely.
Bravely though they fought, they were defeated.
They remained friends.
They had had to use what money they had.
They mentioned two famous tourist spots neither of which we have visited as yet.
On encountering the celebrity, they asked for his autograph.
They drank a bottle of red wine at dinner.
They finished the project on schedule.
What do they do with all their leisure time?
They are unworthy of the praise given them.
They must have struggled against adversity from their early days.
They attributed the low death rate of infants to the progress of medicine.
They were too naive to understand the necessity of studying.
They are faced with a serious situation.
They counted on monotonously to fifty.
They were not sure whether they could come or not.
They labored day after day.
They will get married next month.
They are going to perform "Romeo and Juliet" next week.
They will sail for Bombay next Monday.
They will set sail for Bombay next Monday.
They will arrive a week from today.
They're going to have a party next week.
They will put the project into operation next spring.
They believe in a life after death.
They faced the peril of falling rocks.
They went on putting aside fallen stones.
They were on the lookout for a storm.
They allotted the profits fairly.
They are maneuvering behind the scene.
They had no choice but to leave.
They feared being overheard.
They bundled off in anger.
They swam against the stream.
They drifted down the river.
They are susceptible to changes in fashion.
They are picked soldiers.
They were companions on the journey.
He had a great fancy for traveling.
They are making preparations for the trip.
They were excited over their travel plans.
They are preparing for their trip.
They approached the tourists and asked them for money.
They had plenty of money for the tour.
They didn't obey their parents.
They are nice boys and I am sure you will get on with them very well.
They were delighted at the good news.
They combined forces to fight the enemy.
They are the people who live next door.
They are planning to extend the railroad to the next town.
They lugged the refrigerator up the stairs.
They attended worship.
They believe that the soul is immortal.
They waited in line for the bus.
They got into the train.
They have lost games in a row since their winning streak ended.
They scrambled for the penny in the street.
They stood on the balcony to watch the festival in the street below.
They are demanding shorter working hours.
They guaranteed regular employment to their workers.
They will organize a labor union.
They failed to take into account the special needs of old people.
They sued for peace.
They can think and speak.
They stopped to talk.
They were cut off in the middle of their telephone conversation.
They are not of above taking bribes.
They bribed the witness into silence.
They came walking arm in arm.
They walked along the avenue, arm in arm.
They were walking along the street arm in arm.
They're eating high on the hog.
I bought them each a present.
They'll give in to us some day.
They may yet be happy.
Are they coming as well?
Do you mind their coming too?
Don't make fun of them.
We practiced very hard to beat them.
It is our duty to help them.
He gave me authority to fire them.
They had to be turned away from the theater.
There's no need to see them off.
Will you help them?
Can you put them on the witness stand?
It is absurd to try to persuade them.
Let them come in.
Don't you like them any at all?
They love each other.
They look down on us as inexperienced young men.
They died one after another.
They did not know it themselves.
Although they are twins, they have few interests in common.
They are mere creatures of habit.
They are very compatible.
It seems a bit feudal to call him "sir".
Shall I have him go with you?
You ought not to treat him like that.
You may call him a liar, but you cannot call him a bad man.
If you flatter him, he'll do anything.
It is impudent of you to jest at him.
You should not make fun of him.
I can't help making fun of him.
He shall not come into this house again.
Did you know him?
He shall be scolded.
There is no one that knows him who speaks ill of him.
Please let him come at once.
It was decided that he should be sent for at once.
He shall go at once.
Let's call him Snoopy.
He shan't go there.
Don't blame him for the error.
I regard him as the best person for the job.
We have no call to appoint him to the post.
Dismiss him from that post.
I accommodated him for the night.
Nobody knows what it is that has been bothering him so much.
Don't take him in.
Have him wait a moment.
I caught a glimpse of him.
I must help him.
What do you make of him?
I feel like telling him what I think of him.
Don't stop him.
The Stars must be kicking themselves for giving him the boot.
We cannot praise him too much.
Quiet him down, will you?
I didn't invite him to the party. I feel guilty about it.
I went all the way to see him only to find him not at home.
I planned to introduce him to Beatrice.
There was no one but admired him.
Cornering him in an argument is easy - like taking candy from a baby.
Watch him and do likewise.
Keep a close eye on him.
All the more so to think well of him.
Whoever knows him well respects him.
I don't pretend to love him.
I accommodated him with a night's lodging.
It is incumbent on us to support him.
I managed to bring him around to my way of thinking.
We failed to bring him to agree to our plan.
There is a good argument for dismissing him.
I can't pretend to like him.
I couldn't help feeling sorry for him.
Let's receive him with a happy smile.
We did not move for fear we should wake him up.
It never occurred to me to doubt him.
You may call him a fool, but you cannot call him a coward.
I saw him off at the airport.
We gave him a royal send-off at the airport.
You'd better not make light of him.
Go and meet him, and while you're about it mail this letter.
I could not help laughing when I saw him.
As soon as I saw him, I burst into laughter.
The instant I saw him I knew he was angry.
I don't see him.
Look at him. He's drunk again.
Every time I looked at him, he was yawning.
To look at him, you couldn't help laughing.
I cannot help but sympathize with him any time I see him.
I never see him without thinking of my son.
The moment I saw him, I knew he was angry.
The instant I saw him, I knew he was ill.
He reminds me of my grandfather.
I cannot see him without thinking of my brother.
I don't want to see him, let alone go out with him.
Able was I ere I saw him.
To look at him, you could hardly believe it.
I have been to the airport to see him off.
Keep watch on him.
I inquired after him.
Employing him would amount to employing nobody.
When you employ him, you must make allowances for his youth.
His age didn't enter into our decision not to employ him.
If you treat him fairly, he will be fair with you.
To do him justice, he is not stupid.
It's not that I seriously like him. I just find him very attractive.
It stands to reason that nobody likes him. He's too mean.
Some people like him and other people don't.
I could hardly keep from liking him.
Can any girl like him?
What's the accusation against him?
I made believe that I supported him.
We thought it impossible to stop him.
We adopt him as our representative.
Follow his example.
He shall be fired.
Do you hold him in great account?
Outside of him, no one else came to the party.
I feel kind of sorry for him.
You ought to have invited him, but you didn't.
There was no one who did not admire him.
It makes him a laughingstock.
It was stupid of you to believe in him.
It is stupid of you to believe in him.
You should have known better than to trust him.
You ought not to believe him.
You can't trust him.
You should not trust him.
Don't trust him.
You are very silly to trust him.
I erred in thinking him trustworthy.
In believing him to be an honest man, I was seriously in error.
I tried to talk him out of the project, but in vain.
I convinced him of his fault.
We couldn't get anywhere in our attempt to convince him.
I don't see any point in persuading him.
I figure that there is no point in trying to persuade him.
I wish I could have persuaded him to join us.
It took a long time to bring him around to our point of view.
I had a hard time trying to talk him out of taking the trip.
It is no use trying to persuade him.
There's no use trying to persuade him.
It is absurd trying to persuade him.
You're the only person that can persuade him.
It is difficult, if not impossible, to persuade him.
We found it impossible to persuade him.
We have no trust in him.
Some of his students admired him, and others despised him.
He is inclined to start at once, without waiting for him.
I am inclined to wait for him and start.
There was nothing that I could do but wait for him.
All we can do is wait for him.
All we can do is to wait for him.
There is no possibility of our finding him.
Whether you know him or not, you have to support his opinion.
Do I know him?
All who knew him admired him.
Those who know him speak well of him.
Who that knows him will believe it?
Not knowing him, I asked my sister about his job.
The more I know him, the more I like him.
Show him in.
Bring him in.
Give him time.
I went after him, but I lost him in the crowd.
Through him I got acquainted with the big names of the town.
Don't make an enemy of him.
It is no exaggeration to call him a genius.
Would you mind calling him to the phone?
I called him to the telephone.
Try not to make him angry.
I didn't say a word for fear I should annoy him.
You must not shout at him.
You can rely upon him.
I gave no answer for fear I should confuse him.
There are six people including him.
Nothing but a full apology would satisfy him.
It is not his illness that ruined him so much as his idleness.
Don't make a fool of him.
Don't call those students fools.
Don't call him the criminal.
You can't mistake him for his younger brother.
Few, if any, will criticize him.
You ought to walk a mile in his shoes before you criticize him.
It was wise of you to keep away from him.
His repeated delinquencies brought him to court.
I am far from blaming him.
It is inevitable even if he is criticized.
I must hasten to add that I do not mean to blame him.
You take him to the hospital.
Could I ask you to drive him to the hospital?
I spoke to him kindly so as not to frighten him.
I doubt if he is a lawyer.
They buried him in his grave.
I can't let him alone.
When I called on him, he was hard at work.
I couldn't bring myself to call on him.
When I called on him, he was not at home.
I was welcomed whenever I visited him.
I expected that I would visit him, but I couldn't.
It's hard to please him.
Don't arouse him from his sleep!
He reported fully what he had seen to the police.
There wasn't enough evidence to convict him of the crime.
You should seclude him from temptation.
Nobody ever praises him.
It is up to you to support him.
It is very difficult to make him out.
Who should write it but himself?
Everybody except him thanked the critic for her honest opinion.
All but for he are here.
He's an odd man; so we'll have him referee.
His powerful speech carried the audience with him.
He himself said so.
He himself went there.
He himself did it.
She was taken in by his manners.
What's wrong with her? She's looking kind of blue.
She looks as if nothing had happened to her.
She has a husband and two daughters.
She seems down lately.
Her dress has an understated charm.
Who do you think she is?
She is beautiful and how!
She gets lost really easily. She's got no sense of direction.
Can she get the law degree?
No matter how often you write to her, she will not take notice of you.
There's no way she'll ever marry Sato.
The reason she killed herself is unknown.
She is able to speak ten languages.
See if you can catch the word she uses as she describes how she begins her day.
She is leading by two meters.
She cannot be over thirty.
She can't be over thirty; she must still be in her twenties.
She may well refuse to speak to you because she's in a very bad mood.
Is she your teacher?
There is no reason for her to scold you.
In that pink dress, she was it.
It was clear that she was not concerned with the matter.
Why is it that she was at the mercy of that friend of hers?
That she grew up in America is well-known.
I took her for an American.
I heard her speaking English as fluently as a citizen of the USA.
I am surprised that she should have changed so much.
Do you know the reason why she is so angry?
It's strange that she should have come home so late at night.
She spoke too quickly, so I couldn't understand.
She gave me some good advice.
It is surprising how little she knows of the world.
Try as she may, she is unable to beat him.
I really don't understand what's up with her.
It is not clear when and where she was born.
I don't know when she will leave for London.
Who cares when she will marry?
Whenever she may come, I am ready to welcome her.
Do you know when she will come?
It's anybody's guess when she'll come.
I miss her so much.
It's not as though the world is going to end if she leaves.
He will be angry to learn that she told a lie.
It became clear that she'd told a lie.
She cannot have told a lie.
I was angry that she had deceived my children.
She may well feel unhappy.
Why don't you just call a spade a spade and admit that she dumped you for that American guy she met at the English school?
She was a sight when she didn't wear makeup.
Scarcely had she put on her makeup before he arrived.
Hardly had she got in the bath when the postman knocked on the door with a parcel.
You must be careful that she doesn't fall over the cliff.
It is not rare that she leaves her umbrella behind.
When she lit the gas, there was a loud explosion.
She played the guitar and he sang.
I heard that she came here.
Did you know she is good at making coffee?
It's exciting to watch her run after a cockroach.
I'm sorry she's not here.
Let's suppose that she is here.
If only she were here, she would tell me what to do.
It doesn't matter to me whether she comes here or not.
A year has passed since she came here.
I saw her coming up the road.
She will show you around this town.
It is deplorable that she is so selfish.
Her mother has made her what she is.
Never was she so frightened.
She cannot be here so early.
That she behaves this way is odd.
She married John, not because she loved him, but because he was a rich man.
Everybody knew that she was being pushy.
She will soon clear away these dishes.
We hope she will take heart soon.
There is little hope of her getting well soon.
I hope that she'll get well soon.
It goes without saying that she is an excellent pianist.
She may well say so.
It was quite right of her to do that.
It is quite strange that she should say so.
It was surprising that she said that.
She can't have said so.
She came out of there.
It was a camera that she bought there.
That she was there is certain.
By the time she gets there, it will be nearly dark.
By the time you get out of prison, she'll have been married.
She reported the news.
She can't have done such a thing.
She can not have said such a thing.
I often heard her sing that song.
It took a whole day to paint the picture.
Nobody knows what has become of her.
She looked after the child.
Great was her surprise when she knew the fact.
It is no wonder that she was given the prize.
She may well be pleased with the success.
The baby had been crying for an hour when she found it.
I thought it difficult for her to get the ticket.
Seeing that she was not excited at the news, she must have known it.
She may have been surprised when she heard the news.
She may well be beside herself with joy at the news.
No one doubts her fitness for the post.
It will take her at least two years to be qualified for that post.
She bought a book at the shop.
Her implication in the crime was obvious.
It beats me how she could have gotten that secret information.
She had hardly begun to read the book before someone knocked at the door.
It's surprising that she doesn't know anything about it.
You can't deny the fact that she had a hand in it.
She cannot have done it.
The time will come when she will repent of it.
It is strange that she should do such a thing.
It is curious that she should have asked you such a thing.
She cannot have done such a thing.
It is surprising that she should say so.
She cannot have said that.
Don't you think it odd that she was in such a hurry?
I can't bear that she should suffer so.
It is strange that she should go home so early.
I am surprised that she refused such a good offer.
It is careless of her to make such a mistake.
It is strange that she should say such a thing.
She can't have said such a thing.
I wish that she would stop smoking.
Do you know who she is?
She was just about to take a bath when the bell rang.
She will clear the table of the dishes.
I feel badly that she failed her test.
She had hardly opened the door when a white dog rushed out of the house.
No sooner had she opened the door than a cat ran out.
He had no idea as to what she had in mind.
I didn't know the reason why she began to cry.
How did you get to know she was ill?
Do you know where he was born?
I know where she is.
Do you know where she is?
No one could tell where she was.
Tell me where she lives.
Do you know where she lives?
Do you happen to know where she lives?
It beats me where she's gone.
Wherever she goes, her child follows her.
It happened that he appeared when she couldn't decide which way to go.
Since she was wearing the very strange hat, people teased her.
To her great disappointment, it rained on the day of the picnic.
I feel a strong affinity for her.
However hard she tried, she was unable to please him.
I did not notice how glad she was.
You cannot imagine how happy she was.
You have no idea how distressed she was.
Try as she may, she will not be able to please him.
I wonder why she is so worried.
I know the reason that she quit her job.
It is still a mystery why she killed herself.
He completely failed to understand why she got angry.
Whatever she may say, I will not attend the meeting.
Do you remember what she said?
She cannot have seen me at the party.
Few people noticed her absence from the party.
It's too bad she can't come to the party.
Her debut was the biggest social event of the season.
I noticed her the moment she got off the bus.
The day she started for Paris was rainy.
She will accompany me on the piano.
She was heard to sing to the piano.
I saw her play the piano.
She was playing the piano when the guests arrived.
I often hear her play the piano.
Have you ever heard her play the piano?
She seldom, if ever, goes to movies by herself.
I don't know whether she likes her coffee black.
It is true that she teaches French.
She is tossing and turning in bed.
Her continuous chatter vexes me.
I don't know if she will go there with me.
It never occurred to me that she loved me.
He could hardly comprehend what she was implying.
Just as she was about to leave the store, she saw a beautiful dress in the window.
We must make allowances for her youth.
I was annoyed that she was still asleep.
I find it strange that she hasn't arrived yet.
I have heard say that she will get married before long.
He asked me whether she was coming.
She was ready to jump ship.
She gave me charming embroideries.
I want to get the book back from her.
I hear from her once in a while.
Her financial support is indispensable to this project of ours.
I found her letter in the mailbox.
I am expecting a letter from her.
Her answer couldn't be understood.
I would be very happy to hear from her.
I have seldom heard from her.
She sent you her best wishes.
I have not heard from her for a month.
I had a call from her for the first time in a long time.
I received a letter from her to the effect that she couldn't accept my marriage proposal.
I had a telephone call from her.
I was in the middle of reading when I had a call from her.
Have you heard from her?
When he saw her letter, he felt somewhat uneasy.
She brought apples, oranges, and so on.
It took a long time for her to write the report.
I was amazed that she had drunk all of the wine.
It is remarkable for her not to understand.
She broke into tears.
She works so hard that she can get good results.
She loves Tom, not me.
It's you that she loves, not me.
She acted as a guide.
After she picked up the first glass and water went all over the place, she called the boss out.
The thought of her going alone left me uneasy.
It is not good for her to live alone.
She may well be proud of her only son.
It is no accident that she won the first prize.
It became clear that she had told a lie.
Her facility with English is wonderful.
Everybody knew she could speak English well.
Have you heard her speaking English?
To hear her speak English, you would take her for an Englishwoman.
If you heard her speak English, you would take her for an American.
Do you know whether she can speak English?
When she looked, he shut the door and locked her into the totally dark closet.
He was very glad when she offered to help him fix his roof.
Do you know what she said?
It was not clear what she said.
I think it strange that she didn't say anything.
Ask her what she has done.
I do not know for certain what she is going to do.
I don't know for certain what she is going to do.
I had no idea of what she intended to do.
It wasn't clear what she meant.
Don't lose your head whatever she says.
It makes no difference what she said.
Ask her what she bought.
I found out where she was.
She cared for the children out of charity.
Ask him whether she is at home or not.
I assisted her in moving the furniture.
She began to sing, and we chimed in.
Can you hear her singing?
I heard her singing.
She is anything but a singer.
She laid hands on her own child.
She took part in our project.
It is not that she has rejected our offer.
He was in error in assuming that she would come to see him.
I am sorry that she is absent from the conference.
There is little hope of her recovery.
There is no stopping her going abroad.
She can't even speak her native language without making mistakes.
While she was out, the thief got away with her jewels.
I caught sight of her as she turned the corner.
It is true that she teaches French at school.
I think it's strange that she was absent from school.
She gave an address of welcome.
She was heard to criticize the manager.
It began to appear that she was wrong.
He will tell her about it when she comes back.
Should I wait for her to come back?
I will be gone by the time she comes back.
I feel sorry for her.
She fainted, and I had to hold her to keep her from falling.
I shouldn't wonder if she hasn't missed the train.
It is quite natural for her to get angry.
She was embarrassed by his sudden appearance.
Her tears perplexed him.
Tell me why she is crying.
He told me that she might well burst into tears.
I think you'd better lie low until she forgives you.
She was heard to cry.
We heard her cry.
It makes no difference to me whether she is rich or not.
She can't have said a thing like that to you.
It is quite natural for her to be angry with you.
She is very anxious about your health.
How should I answer if she inquires after you?
I was not aware of her absence.
I believe beyond doubt that she is innocent.
There is a rumor that she got married.
I heard from someone that she got married.
The news that she had married was a great shock to him.
She must have been over thirty when she got married.
What age was she when she got married?
I don't doubt that she is married.
I didn't know she was married.
The man whom she is going to marry is an astronaut.
The rumor that she's getting married is spreading around town.
The box she found was empty.
I feel grateful to hear that she has got well.
I don't know whether she will show up.
What she says may be true.
Can you make out what she is driving at?
What she said turned out to be false.
What she said wasn't true.
It took him a long time to take in what she was saying.
It took a long time to take in what she was saying.
I can't make out what she is saying.
When she called, I jumped up.
I just love her to death.
Her look says that she loves you.
It goes without saying that she is happy.
The war broke out when she was in Hiroshima.
It is no wonder that she didn't want to go.
It's not fair that she can go and I can't.
Since she's been gone, I want no one to talk to me.
I am very surprised that she became a Diet member.
The events that led up to her present fame are quite dramatic.
I wish she were alive now.
I will stay at home when she comes next.
I could tell at a glance that she was in trouble.
What she liked best was herring roe.
She was the last to cross the finishing line.
It is over ten years since she last went back to her country.
To my amazement she came first.
We must take into account the fact that she is old.
It doesn't matter whether she admits her guilt or not.
Her ability to amass a fortune is due to luck and hard work.
I tasted the cake she cooked.
What she told me yesterday is a white lie.
I wish she had come last night.
All she got for her pains was ingratitude.
Whether she will agree or not is not clear.
Whether she agrees or not is the question.
She is certain to turn up.
I have known her since she was a little girl.
Given her interest in children, I am sure teaching is the right career for her.
I often hear her refer to her childhood.
Everyone can tell she is thoughtful.
Who broke the news of her death to you?
The rumor of her death turned out false.
The news that she died is false.
She has been dead five years.
She has been dead for ten years.
Her deathly paleness is due to long illness.
French is taught us by her.
I never expected that she would join us.
I don't know if she wants to go with me.
She gave me this compact disc.
He asked me whether she had given me the book, or if I had bought it myself.
She taught me how to make a web site.
It is doubtful whether she will come to see me.
She came up to me and said "How are you?"
She sent me a postcard that said she hates the smell of animals.
I took it for granted that she would agree with me.
She smiled at me.
I couldn't think who she was when she spoke to me.
I'd rather she sat next to me.
She cannot have forgotten my address.
I reckoned on her to take my place.
I had her sweep my room.
She hindered me in my study.
I can't believe that she is older than my mother.
Had she been a friend of mine, I would have advised her not to do that.
I can't conceive of her deceiving me.
What a fool I am to think that she loves me!
She may be our teacher.
Her passing the exam is a sure thing.
I feel bad that she failed the examination.
There is little hope that she will come on time.
It is doubtful whether she will come on time.
Are you sure of her coming on time?
It is impossible that she should have killed herself.
Can it be true that she committed suicide?
We decided to let her alone until she stopped of her own accord.
It is necessary that she should go herself.
It's the way that she laughs at herself that endears her to me.
She can't have written it herself.
It is desirable that she should apologize to him herself.
The time will come when she will regret what she has said.
She may well be ashamed of her old clothes.
She may well take pride in her talent.
I have been to the place that she spoke about in her talk.
She is no match for me.
She held out her hand and I shook it.
Her letter saved me the trouble of visiting her house.
If only she were to help, the job would be finished sooner.
She stands a good chance of winning the prize.
As she is a lady, so he is a gentleman.
After making sure she was sound asleep, he crept out of the room and set off.
We had to get in touch with her before she went out.
She is exact in all the instructions she gives.
The party was animated by her presence.
We are delighted with her presence.
I went to the party on the presumption that she would be there.
Her first appearance on the stage was in 1969.
What she wrote is true in a sense.
You can always depend upon her to help.
She came to my aid.
She was heard to cry for help.
He was all the more angry because she wasn't in the least sorry.
To hear her laugh, you'd take her for a young girl.
Her smile indicates that she has forgiven me.
She is apt to win the prize.
As soon as she got on the train, it pulled out of the station.
She can only trust him.
She cannot have gone to bed yet.
All her imaginary happiness vanished in a moment.
Her anxiety was apparent to everyone.
She turned around and saw someone was following her.
He was relieved when she informed him that she had a rich new boyfriend.
There's a rumor abroad that she has got a new job.
She is a new addition to the teaching staff.
I like her all the more for her kindness.
Give her some flowers in return for her kindness.
When she comes of age, they are going to get married.
I am of the opinion that she is right.
It was through his influence that she became interested in ecology.
She is by no means honest.
It worried me that she looked pale.
She's going to be in charge.
Her constant complaints frustrated him deeply.
She had hardly entered the cabin when the light went out.
There is little possibility that she will be elected.
I noticed that she sat in the front row.
It was wise of her to leave home early.
I hope that she will get well soon.
If she had not advised her son, he would not have succeeded.
She may well be proud of her son.
We suggested that she should make up for the loss.
We demanded that she should make up for the loss.
I admit her superiority to others.
I've never heard her speak ill of others.
We must allow for her poor health.
Please explain the reason why she was arrested.
I heard her calling from the kitchen.
She came into the dining room to find it empty.
Didn't you notice that she was very excited?
Who she is I have no idea.
I like her all the better for her shyness.
We changed our plans because of her late arrival.
When she was late, I felt like scolding her, but I held my tongue.
She rarely, if ever, goes out of town.
I saw her coming across the street.
I stepped aside for her to pass by.
He stepped aside for her to pass.
She drove a car down a country road.
Might she have missed her train?
It happened that I was present when she called.
The tub ran over while she was on the phone.
It makes no difference to me whether she lives in the city or in the country.
Please tell me the reason why she got angry.
She may well get angry.
To her embarrassment, her baby never stopped crying.
I'll let you know when she arrives.
She may well be proud of her smart son.
There is no need for her to work.
I'm glad to hear that she is unmarried.
Her sudden appearance in the doorway surprised us.
The news of her sudden death came like a bolt from the blue.
Her sudden arrival prevented him from going out.
It will serve you right if she never speaks to you again.
It was true that she had got married twice.
When she came inside, we had finished eating dinner.
She has been hospitalized for months already.
She has been in hospital for a month.
I can't see her ruin her whole life.
What she bought was very expensive.
He arrived the day she left.
She had her hair cut because she liked shorter hair, not because she had lost her love.
She gave me a humorous account of her encounter with him.
We were disappointed to hear that she had married him.
She has been married to him for a decade now.
No wonder she didn't show up to see him off. They broke up.
She is his present wife.
She cannot have turned down his offer.
I think it natural for her to decline his offer.
Her mention of his name rang a bell.
She may well speak ill of him.
I couldn't understand why she frowned at him.
The lot fell to her to help him.
It is quite natural that she should get angry with him.
Seeing that she is tired, we had better stop for a while.
That she was tired was plain to see.
There is no denying that she is very efficient.
It is not because she is beautiful that I like her.
He exclaimed that she was beautiful.
We are alone in believing that she is a beautiful woman.
She accompanied me to the hospital.
That she is ill is obvious.
The fact that she is ill worries me a lot.
It's too bad she's ill.
I'm afraid we can't rule out the possibility that she may have the disease.
She cannot have been ill.
It never occurred to me that she was ill in hospital.
She has been sick for a week.
She has been ill for three weeks.
Just because she is poor, it does not follow that she is dishonest.
There's no disguising the fact that she is dishonest.
It'll be a long time before she gets over her father's death.
Well may she admire her father.
I saw her leaving the room.
I could hear her sobbing in her bedroom.
There was a murmur when she entered the room.
When she returned to her room, the diamond ring was gone.
She came into the room.
As soon as she entered the room, I rose to my feet and made a deep bow.
As she entered the room, he sat up in his bed.
When she entered the room, he got to his feet.
Why was it that she got angry?
It never occurred to him that she would get angry.
I was surprised at her inability to do things promptly.
She painted the picture which is on the wall.
The doctor she visited is famous.
She gave me a present.
She got me by the hand.
I was anxious that she accept my offer.
I discovered that she was better at math than I.
She drives me mad.
I was very glad that she took my side.
They made fun of her because she had a funny hat on.
I know she is sleeping.
May she return home safely.
Make certain that she returned home safely.
She may well be proud of her daughter.
I can't ensure that she will be here tomorrow.
She was seen to run up the stairs with tears in her eyes.
I will have her call you as soon as she comes back.
I'll have her call you when she gets back.
I'll leave when she comes back.
Let's wait here until she comes back.
I saw her taking a walk in the park at midnight.
I am angry that she didn't keep her promise.
She cannot have broken her promise.
He predicted she would win.
The coat she wanted was eye-poppingly expensive.
When she turned up, the party was over.
Give her this letter when she comes.
As soon as she comes, we will begin.
He was going to leave the house when she came.
I had almost finished my work when she came.
I don't know the reason why she isn't coming.
Her absence robbed us of our pleasure.
Much to my disappointment, she did not come.
I little imagined that she would come.
What a pity she can't come!
Do you know the reason which prevented her from coming?
It is doubtful whether she will come.
I don't know if she will come.
I don't know whether she will come.
I have no information she is coming.
I heard her come here.
I will go provided that she comes.
I will wait until she comes.
She didn't need to come.
There is much talk that she is going to France next month.
It is true that she'll get married next month.
I had to grab her to keep her from falling.
The news that she got divorced was a big surprise.
While she was out the thief got away with her jewels.
I remember that she wore a green hat.
She is first in line.
The boy who she brought with her was very handsome.
He interrupted her while she was speaking.
The man whom she is talking with is Mr Allen.
The more she talked, the more bored I got.
The man with whom she is talking is Mr Allen.
She used all her skills making this dish.
She is old enough to know better than to expect too much of her parents.
Can a child of her age distinguish good from bad?
She just blew it off.
She soon adjusted herself to the new school.
She's smartly dressed.
She saw red at that moment.
Not only she, but her sons have been satisfied.
Not only she but also you are wrong.
Not only she but also her parents were invited to the party.
The girls are making merry in the yard.
Her speech was excellent.
They envy you your beauty.
They have left school now.
Do you remember what she was like?
They sang in chorus.
Women have grown tired of being looked down on by employers.
We didn't stay home yesterday.
She gave us lots to eat.
The women led the movement to obtain female suffrage.
They loved Nagasaki so much that they stayed there for a week.
She tries so hard, but she's just spinning her wheels.
She doesn't have a lazy bone in her body.
I'm getting married to her in June.
She opened the door.
I wish I could have gone with her.
It's a marvelous thing to do a play with her.
I am looking forward to seeing the film with her.
I generally agree with her.
She's as good as pie.
Do you ever date her?
I enjoyed talking with her.
I began a meeting with her.
She and I usually agree.
I meet her on occasion at a beauty shop.
What relation is she to you?
Do you see her often?
I haven't met her.
I hit it off well with her.
I hit it off badly with her.
I have not been on speaking terms with her for a few years.
She is more an acquaintance than a friend.
I feel comfortable in her company.
I don't feel at home in her company.
She is amusing to be with.
I feel ill at ease in her company.
You will never get bored in her company.
I am sorry that I could not go with her.
Will you meet her?
It is no use arguing with her.
I bump into her.
Whoever wants to marry her must first convince her father.
I had known her for ten years when I married her.
Tell me the reason why you married her.
I wish I had got married to her.
I will be able to marry her.
I couldn't make her out at all.
I have nothing in common with her.
She and I are in the same class.
It happened that she and I liked the same kind of music.
She and I get on well.
I exchanged seats with her.
I struck up an acquaintance with her.
It was pure accident that I came to know her.
How long have you known her?
I am friendly with her.
I made up with her.
I tried to keep in with her in vain.
I met up with her on the street.
I speak French as well as she does.
Can you distinguish her from her sister?
I got together with her mainly because we seemed to share the same feelings about things.
I can't stand losing her.
You should watch your language when you talk to her.
I am fed up with talking to her.
She is a student from Canada, staying with my uncle.
She will cope with all the work.
She deserves to succeed.
She married to the kind of man you would expect her to pick.
I have an acquaintance with her.
I owe ten dollars to her.
Shall I send a few books for her?
I am sure I saw her two years ago.
I have seen her three times.
My heart beats fast each time I see her.
I saw her only a week ago.
I remember telling her that news.
She seems to have found a boyfriend.
I tried to give her some money, but she wouldn't take any.
She shall serve tea.
To kiss her is one thing, and to love is another.
I motioned to her not to smoke.
It is true that I was head over heels in love with her.
Please give my best thanks to her.
Give her these roses, and she will be pleased.
I would like to thank you in advance for any help that you are able to give her.
I don't want to be the one who breaks the news to her.
Shall I ask her to send the book to us?
It is impossible to make her understand the theory.
I don't feel like telling her about it.
You shouldn't have told her such a thing.
It's rude of you to ask her that question.
She fooled me into giving her the money.
All sorts of rumors rose about her past.
I know nothing about her except that she is a pianist.
I know nothing about her.
