Anastazja is the classmate of Ania.
Radosław, Marek and Maciej like playing games on the PlayStation 2.
Kalina is the girlfriend of Bronisław.
Bronisław is eighteen years old.
Felicja enjoys watching TV.
Jolanta is a very beautiful teenager girl from Bronisław's university.
Wienczysława is the most beautiful brunette in the workplace.
How great Getter Jaani is!
I want to marry Martyna.
Martyna is a native of Wrocław.
Magdalena is a Łódź native.
Ania is a native of Kraków.
Felicja is a native of Katowice.
Neither Ania nor Magdalena love Justin Bieber.
Polish girls didn't want Justin Bieber to come to Poland.
Libusza lives in Poznań.
Ania lives in Gdańsk.
Magdalena is studying at the Lodz Japanese School.
"I wonder what this is," said Tony.
There's a Turkish student at Magdalena's school. His name is Reşit.
Ania is a lovely girl.
My child can't say "kikugobo." It always comes out as "kikubogo."
I live in Białystok.
The capital of Poland is Warsaw.
There are many products imported from Poland to Turkey.
Do you really think it's bad?
Do you really think it's no good?
I went to the movie thinking that it would be fun, but it left me with a bad taste in my mouth.
Maria and Natalia go shopping. They buy something for themselves.
No matter how hard you try, you won't be able to finish that in one day.
No matter how hard you try, you won't be able to finish that in a day.
The police will put you in prison.
The police will put you behind bars.
She is drunk with happiness.
You treated me like a child.
Everybody wishes for happiness.
Not every man can be happy.
I'm happy enough.
Happy is the man who is content with his lot.
I reflected on my happy school days.
I often recall my happy childhood memories.
Eating ice cream always puts me in a happy mood.
We were drenched but very happy.
Timuçin is a native of Yozgat.
Timuçin flew from Yozgat to Warszawa with Ryan Air.
Magdalena looks very cute to me.
I'm really glad I ran into you.
Ania looks very cute to me.
Magdalena and Lech are preparing for their Polish exams.
My birthday is June 12. Magdalena was born on the same day and year as me.
Timuçin learns Polish.
Poland is a big country.
Poland was one of the first countries to recognize the Republic of Turkey.
She is bubbling over with happiness.
When we were small, father used to read us moving stories.
I'm not at all happy now.
Lately everyone seems happy.
Happiness can't be bought.
It goes without saying that money can't buy you happiness.
Happiness isn't merely having many possessions.
The old hippy didn't need any drugs; he was high on life.
The newly promoted junior manager, drunk with power, lorded it over his former co-workers.
Another problem concerns the gym equipment.
After class is over, our teacher usually sticks around to answer any questions we may have.
After school, Tom usually sticks around as long as he can because he doesn't want to go home.
At least my mother stuck around long enough to see me graduate from junior high school.
At least Tom stuck around long enough to find out how much money he owed.
Could you stick around after the party and help me clean up?
Do you have any ideas on how we can make sure Tom sticks around until the job is finished?
I hope my new stepfather sticks around longer than the last one.
I hope spring sticks around just a little bit longer. I hate summers.
I hope that Tom sticks around for a while. I'd like to talk to him.
I stuck around for a while to see if anyone else would come.
I wish I could've stuck around for a few more hours.
I wish that I had stuck around long enough to meet your parents.
I'll be sticking around town all summer. I just don't have enough money to go anywhere.
I'm glad he stuck around.
If you had stuck around, you would have had a lot of fun.
If you had stuck around, you'd have met the girl I've been seeing.
If you stick around after class, I can help you with your essay.
It must be nice having someone who sticks around even when times get tough.
Just stick around a few days and you'll come to love this place.
Mary's husband didn't even stick around until the baby was born.
Most people stuck around for a while after the show.
Please stick around after the concert. We'll be signing autographs.
Thanks for sticking around till the end of the concert.
Thanks for sticking around until my father got home.
Thanks for sticking around.
The driver who caused the accident didn't stick around.
The next act is worth sticking around for.
Tom plans to stick around to see what happens.
Tom said he wanted to stick around for a couple of more days.
Tom said that he planned to stick around school all day.
Tom says he'll be sticking around after the meeting.
Tom says he'll be sticking around for a few days.
Tom's father comes home once in a while, but he never sticks around for long.
We hope Tom sticks around for a couple of weeks.
When times get hard, let's see who sticks around.
Will you be sticking around Boston for a few more days?
Winter seems to be sticking around a lot longer than usual this year.
There have been complaints saying that users waited for a long time before receiving assistance.
There is the risk of losing users and incomes.
There is always the risk of losing all the data on your hard disk.
Tom was risking losing his job by talking to his boss that way.
Tímea is a Hungarian living in Poland.
The competitor twice jumped the gun.
We prefer to stay here.
What is important for you?
Our project crashed and burned.
I have a comfortable house.
Can I borrow your rubber for a moment?
What has happened to the book I put here a few moments ago?
The shopkeeper was tired of chasing his debtors so from then on he demanded payment in full.
After a long dispute the coal mines closed and the remaining miners were paid off.
Fashion is not my specialty.
A crust eaten in peace is better than a banquet partaken in anxiety.
Any excuse will serve a tyrant.
Appearances often are deceiving.
Be content with your lot; one cannot be first in everything.
Better be wise by the misfortunes of others than by your own.
Beware the wolf in sheep's clothing.
Do not count your chickens before they are hatched.
In critical moments even the very powerful have need of the weakest.
It is easy to be brave from a safe distance.
No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted.
The boy cried "Wolf, wolf!" and the villagers came out to help him.
The gods help them that help themselves.
The haft of the arrow had been feathered with one of the eagle's own plumes. We often give our enemies the means of our own destruction.
Thinking to get at once all the gold the goose could give, he killed it and opened it only to find - nothing.
Union gives strength.
Roses withered and Ania cried very much.
You don't find it funny that the king of caricatures made such a big fuss over his own caricature?
I was one of the best students in the class.
Some translate while others denigrate.
He needs a straight.
Translate instead of chattering!
I don't drink coffee at all.
I have been abroad.
One views things differently according to whether one is rich or poor.
I just started to learn Esperanto.
Foolish, foolish me.
These rules are not very clear.
Make sure to bring that back inside before it rains.
The wind was so strong that we were basically going nowhere.
He lost his cool and started throwing things.
She didn't have enough iron, so she couldn't give blood.
You want to have a lot of fluid in your system before giving blood.
Unless you have really tiny veins, you shouldn't have any trouble.
The white blood cells are filtered out so that they do not attack the body of their new host.
The more food you eat, the less we have to bring back. So eat as much as you want!
If the cookies weren't quite so burnt, maybe some people would have eaten them.
I've been dead before, and it wasn't too bad.
Death is the point at which you can't be alive again. You can't die and then come back to life. If you think that happened, you weren't really dead.
Everyone wants to believe.
Contrary to my expectations, they were actually quite unpatriotic and irreverent.
If the idea of needles freaks you out, you probably shouldn't be here.
I haven't talked to you in a while. So what have you been doing?
You can't get much wittier than that.
How long have you been doing this?
That was one messed up performance.
You expect me to know this stuff?
Intonation is very important. It can completely change the meaning.
You've put this off for far too long. You will finish it tonight!
It looks like I drank too much yesterday. My head is pounding. I'm completely hungover.
Please correct that.
She doesn't have any brothers or sisters.
She doesn't have any siblings.
A dance will be held in the school auditorium this Friday evening from 7:to 10:00.
People look at things differently depending on whether they are rich or poor.
He awoke me early in the morning.
Today is a good day.
He quietly said goodbye.
She has an ancient family name.
Next Thursday is a holiday.
She has lost all hope.
I like to go to school.
He was constantly bullied at school.
Impossible.
He wept over his daughter's death.
Don't enroll.
Don't sign up.
She usually uses nail scissors.
I don't believe it any longer.
University life is the time when you enjoy yourself to the fullest!
European Fish Week starts on June 4th.
Due to overfishing, some fish stocks are now at perilously low levels.
You should consult with a pharmacist before buying that medicine.
Tom is a dive master.
Dynamite fishing is extremely destructive to reef ecosystems.
I would like a cup of coffee.
Gary Ewing was sentenced to life under the three strikes law for stealing three golf clubs.
That's the ugliest baby that I've ever seen.
The biggest difference between bandy and floorball is that bandy is played on ice.
Don't try to cover the whole sky with the palm of your hand.
Got milk?
Sometimes a cigar is just a cigar.
The puck of ice hockey is not spherical.
Koreans don't like coriander.
I always keep a set of fingernail clippers in my guitar case.
Do you use fingernail clippers to cut your toenails?
I tore the newspaper into pieces.
I've been looking for a new job for a long time.
Once upon a time, there was a man and his wife. They had no house. They were living in the fields and sleeping at the foot of a tree.
All will be fine.
I didn't understand what you said.
I didn't want it!
Heaven gives life to people and causes them to have all kinds of desires.
It's hard to love somebody when you don't know whether they love you as much as you love them.
When is the next guided tour?
I think you're not my type.
What colour do you associate with your childhood?
We spent all evening dancing together.
The room looks different, now I like it more.
What are you up to this weekend?
I need to find a flat to rent in Barcelona.
We have to encourage people to join the campaign and work with us.
You don't need to make a decision now.
I normally get off work at about o'clock in the evening.
What sort of things make you feel sad?
Wild animals are on the verge of dying out.
Eat more or you'll waste away!
The curtains don't let any light in.
I'm looking forward to visiting my sister in Los Angeles.
I can pick you up from work if you want me to.
I can drop you off at the airport tonight.
Karl is an outgoing sort of person.
Unlike her brother, Sienna is very introverted.
Did Noel come down on the price?
The rain is getting you down, isn't it?
Sarah, could you close the blinds?
The meeting kicks off around o'clock in the morning.
I didn't know you had a week off last month.
Don't try to remember every sentence of the text, it's almost impossible.
Luna is a reliable person.
What did she do with all the money?
The effects have impacted most on poorer families.
It's getting very late.
She wants to wind up her small business.
Give me a call if you need help.
He's so stupid, I swear I can't stand him.
He's not such a great writer and I think he knows it.
We get on quite well but we're not best friends.
I've got some great ideas but I need money.
I'm going to meet my brother's girlfriend tonight.
Don't forget to answer his letter.
His letter indirectly refers to the matter.
It took several months to make that movie.
I saw that film, but it wasn't very good.
This film is based on a novel.
I don't study regularly, so there's no way that I'll get a good grade on tomorrow's test.
Don't you think that the cookies that you baked today are the most delicious amongst the cookies that you have baked so far?
Yamada isn't very popular with the girls in his school year, but he's popular amongst the younger students.
I didn't sleep much yesterday, so it was inevitable that I was sleepy all day today.
Didn't you ever put on rubber boots as a kid and have fun splashing water in puddles?
That man over there has been glancing at us furtively for a while, do you know him?
I've got a little surprise in store for the downtown boys who made fun of me.
Girls are girls and boys are boys.
Boys will be boys, girls will be girls.
Some boys at school make fun of me.
Tom is a small-town boy who made good.
On the 3rd of March, at around noon, an express letter was thrown into the entrance of my house.
After this, nobody ever saw the ghost of the old woman again in that alley.
She was looking miserable sitting in the middle of this snowstorm, so I threw a small coin at her.
In the first month of that year, I saw that it snowed for four days from the 14th until the 17th.
Did you clean your room properly? There's still dust over here.
I forgot to put film in the camera.
My five year old daughter always goes to kindergarten happy and full of energy.
I always drink milk with my breakfast.
Zero is what comes before one.
Yes, I love it.
There's mold on the bread. This means that we can't eat it anymore.
I'm really bad at parallel parking.
A traveling woman lets her heart travel as well.
Parents' love can sometimes be so overwhelming that you can't breathe.
That kanji is so complex, I can't read it.
I'm not good at eating Japanese food with chopsticks.
My lover works at a language school and loves it very much.
As you say, Russian is very hard!
You can't enter that bookstore with your shirt off.
This world is difficult.
Eh, give me your cellphone's mail address.
I don't have the authority to give you permission.
Have you completed your preparations for tomorrow?
I'm taking a bath.
Studying a foreign language is hard.
Studying a foreign language is difficult.
You can see stars with a telescope.
My dream is to become a baseball player.
I've never eaten such a good meal.
Why always me?
It is difficult to love somebody when it's not clear whether or not the other person loves you the same way.
It would be as impossible for me to attack Christianity as it would be impossible for me to attack werewolves.
Without your help, I couldn't have done it.
Had it not been for your help, I couldn't have done it.
Without your help, he would have failed.
Without your help, we couldn't have done it.
Without your help, I couldn't have gotten over that difficult situation.
Without your help, I couldn't have ridden out that crisis.
What do you see yourself doing over the next ten years?
Had it not been for your help, I would have failed.
Without your help, we wouldn't have finished in time.
Without your help, he would have been ruined.
Without your help, I would have drowned.
Whenever I travel, I prefer to fly.
My dad is stronger than your dad.
Recently, I've been putting on a little weight around my waist. I guess it's middle-age spread.
My waist size has recently increased. I guess it's middle-age spread.
Kelantan is one of the states in West Malaysia.
There is nothing more important than friendship.
Because he was tired, he went to bed early.
Since I was sick, I didn't go.
Thank you for completing this form.
Check for old versions.
Cheers! Good health!
Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year!
How much is this?
Do you speak Latvian?
Please say that again!
Please speak more slowly!
Is there someone here who speaks English?
It is too expensive.
Have you got something cheaper?
There's a mistake in the bill.
Sometimes to correct is harder than to write.
I want to be poor in order to not be unhappy.
When you return, if I am studying, wake me up!
Wisdom pursues me, but I am faster.
Wisdom follows me, but I am faster.
I believe that one should pay taxes with a smile. I tried it, but they wanted money.
The window is made of glass.
That madman broke the window.
Prudence is never too much.
The killer cucumber is sexist.
First of all I'd like to make my position clear.
Their feelings are intense and they tend to be jealous.
Lovely day, isn't it?
Most children hate school.
She was terribly disappointed with me.
Music is an important part of my life.
Simina spends a lot of money on cigarettes.
She wanted to lose weight and she thought smoking would help her.
Both of them are unpredictable and impatient.
I know Andrina doesn't take things seriously, but she is a wonderful friend.
She sings on an album.
Of course, you would eat puddings that are full of proofs, wouldn't you?
Tabloids assert that the killer cucumber would have sodomised the mad cow.
Do me a favour and shut up.
What a bad news!
Pedants delight in being obtuse.
The bugler played taps as the tricolour was lowered at sunset.
I'm flattered.
In the moutain lives a tiger which lost its roar.
Couldn't we cuddle, instead?
Listen to your heart, and you will know it's true.
Get a life, man.
Tell him to get a life.
Newton thought the world had been created in BC.
I am fine, thank you.
I have run out of money.
I have lost my friends.
I have got beautiful eyes.
What can I get you for drinking?
One beer, please!
This will forever change how you think about your own thinking.
Physicists discovered that atoms are made up of vortices of energy that are constantly spinning and vibrating.
Tennis is my preferred sport.
I am so thin that they say I look rawboned.
She is a genius.
Latvian girls are among the best girls in the world!
Someone, tell him to get a life!
North Korea has been treated as a pariah state for most of its existence.
To contend in a joust, be it verbal, one must also behave in a chivalrous way.
What was going on?
This is special.
How much for a baguette?
I'm a womaniser.
He's a philanderer.
I learn by heart.
For me it is not yet known.
I teach English to someone.
Listen here!
You have no taste.
He had never forgiven Adélaïde for not having those heavy breasts, those wide buttocks that are a credit to families.
He had more than enough money.
I heard an awesome story yesterday.
My mother made some new clothes.
Let's talk turkey.
He is regarded as missing.
The "One Piece" manga is very popular in Malaysia
My mother's feeling better.
My father died five years ago.
I've decided to continue studying.
My father will cook me a delicious meal tomorrow morning.
Are you playing with my feet?
The drawings Lyod has made show people from the 14th century.
Clever people know how to make money out of nothing.
Even if the collection is not what I expected, I must be appreciate his effort.
The use of new technology is attracting more costumers.
You should take a look at your wardrobe and add a bit of colour to your clothes.
Your style is outdated, try not to dress like an old lady.
Even though Marcel works hard, he only earns Canadian dollars per year.
The top is turning clockwise.
A study found that British people are the most promiscuous in the world, while Finns have the largest number of sexual partners.
He introduced me to his daughter.
Once I opened my eyes again, Amina was staring at me through the bottom of her beer glass.
What cultural differences did the author find in working with Dutch and American students?
Do you think the campaign was successful in Italy?
Iron Arm Atom protected the country from danger.
Daniel got a good job.
They affirmed their innocence.
The frog and I took turns guessing what the secret recipe was.
The great secret of power is never to will to do more than you can accomplish.
The spirit of truth and the spirit of freedom — these are the pillars of society.
"How long will it take?" "About two weeks."
You are what you like.
He was unconscious for three days.
This article makes fun of vegetarians.
Iker Casillas is the best goalkeeper in the world.
Iker Casillas is the best goalie in the world.
Using only "Tom" and "Mike" in many sentences is very strange.
He had a smile on his face.
The universe is limitless.
I'm back from a two-month-long trip to the States, away from my girlfriend, so she's going to get a ride tonight.
You can use this pen for the time being.
I bought a new ball point pen with an electronic watch especially for this test.
I've bought a new palette and a few paint brushes.
Luigi is a boy who loves studying.
I study Chinese every day.
I didn't buy that book.
Today I studied Chinese for two hours.
My wife doesn't get up before me.
I'm better than him.
I live in this place.
I live in this area.
I go to church once in a blue moon.
I go to a restaurant once in a blue moon.
I write sentences on Tatoeba once in a blue moon.
Could you close the window, please?
When I found my true identity, my life began to make sense.
Does she answer the questions?
I've made a discovery.
The judge, though a stickler for the dignity of the bench, was a great pipe smoker and allowed the attorneys the privilege of smoking in court.
Two male school pupils sharing an umbrella? That's quite a queer situation.
All of the students were looking at a little chunk of metal.
The salaryman went to live quietly in a remote area in order to atone for his sins.
Feeling too cool 'cause you're the only one amongst your friends who speaks more than three languages? Fear not. On Tatoeba, we won't think you're cool.
Seeing the face of his wife covered in green spots, he had a heart attack. Yet another victim of the killer cucumber!
The musician plays the bagpipe.
Large planes brought about large amounts of sound pollution.
Ayumi's feet were fanned by the river wind.
Mr. Legros can say the alphabet backwards.
The governor of Texas asked the oil company to cut down on noise pollution.
Bob said to his friend: "What a looker".
A lone sailboat is sailing against the wind.
They're going to kill me.
It began to dawn on me that, to oppose political and social chaos, cultured means would be ineffective.
He wants to be a husband at every wedding, and the deceased at every funeral.
I decided to go abroad to study.
Isn't it amazing how one is poor though rich, while the other is rich though poor?
Can a person who's blind in their own house become clairvoyant at the bazaar?
Once you've caught the fish, you no longer need the bait.
Is it not love that builds, connects, and creates in the same manner as hate destroys?
The fool laments that which he has lost and values not that which he still has.
There is no graver loss than the loss of time.
He who thinks of science is in love with it, and such a person never stops learning, even if he appears to do little on the outside.
My 3-year-old is really getting on my nerves.
You think that TV is bad for kids?
I love sports.
Tom speaks slower than Bill.
I invited him over to my place.
The job is almost finished.
I bet that I can finish this task in an hour's time.
The schedule dictates that this work be done by the weekend.
Which seats do you like?
The price turned out to be lower than I thought.
Princess, don't drink the potion.
It's an inside joke.
It's an in-joke.
My girlfriend missed the last train to the world's end, and that's quite a problem.
I'm also taking this train.
He lives, relying only on his own strength.
We’ve all heard of outdated laws that remain on the books from earlier times, many of which are good for a few laughs.
I watched the film named "The Demon's Sacrifice" with my girlfriend yesterday. She was very afraid.
It's not clear whether the cucumber infected the people, or if the people infected the cucumber.
Please say the alphabet in reverse.
My water bottle just got spilled on my computer!
Without a job, I cannot save a penny.
Come out from under the table!
Do not talk to others during class!
That class has boys and girls.
We are spending the night at my uncle's house.
He is chubby.
My friend is designing a user interface for the new operating system.
She had died before I arrived.
Let's have the one who loses at rock-paper-scissors do the dishwashing today!
Sovereignty unconditionally belongs to the nation.
You'll never finish translating sentences on Tatoeba.
What snacks do you have?
Truth burns and destroys all elements, showing that they are merely its shadow.
Don't call sweet that which gives rise to bitterness.
Can someone who does not know the meaning of black really talk about what white is?
When I can be of no service to the fatherland, I will at least try my best to not do any harm.
You only understand the value of time when it has been spent.
All things come and go, but love always remains in the end.
Nothing is more difficult to a noble person than a rich banquet, especially when the prime seats are taken by idiots.
A wise man can derive gold even from pus.
Oh, if only we could be as shy and timid in our shameful actions as we are in our proper ones!
Be like the palm tree - the more it gets pressed by the cliff, the quicker and more beautiful its rise to the top.
It's not books that create wisdom, but wisdom that creates books.
Better the naked and the honest than the rich and lawless.
When you walk sturdily along the path on which you have started, you are, in my opinion, happy.
It's because I want to become a translator.
Do you know that the French do not hear the difference between "symmetry" and "asymmetry"?
I'd rather stay home than go on the school trip.
My God, help me!
There are as many vipers hiding in the grass as there is evil lying beneath a beautiful countenance.
Love comes from love. When I want others to love me, I myself love first.
Not worrying about anything is the same as being dead, since worry is the movement of the soul, and life is movement.
Think more and make decisions after.
Take the top and you will have the middle.
Tom's looking for work.
He's still gotta overcome major difficulties.
He's really cute, and so I like working with him.
He's saving up to go to university.
It started raining heavily.
All men are equal according to the law.
I'm going to the park.
She's very wise.
Yep, I understand. Thanks a bunch.
What's the time according to your watch?
If I had known her address, I would have written her a letter.
His aristocratic manners amaze me.
Japanese is my mother tongue.
My brother speaks very quickly.
Since we've started talking about Shakespeare... have you ever read his work?
He was so funny at the party that I simply couldn't restrain my laughter.
The wind died down by the evening.
We had a layover in Chicago.
Why doesn't he tell the truth?
He knows how to play baseball.
My father doesn't really talk much.
He's sure that he'll be able to pass the next examination.
Sometimes my grandfather talks to himself when left alone.
This girl has no mother.
He's really changed a lot since last time.
This is a hotel.
We play soccer every Saturday.
The policeman was checking the cars one-by-one.
I wonder if there is any point in translating proverbs into English.
We're all happy.
My flat is on the third floor.
It was pretty ballsy of you to stand up to the boss like that.
She looks young, but in reality she's over 40.
Could you show me the way to the port?
Who's your teacher?
I'll show you the city.
It's a ten-minute ride from here to the train station.
You'd be able to do the puzzle if only you had a little bit more patience.
He committed himself to the investigation.
Tom does not love cheese.
Is Flight going to be delayed?
Tom met Mary on the way to school.
Many large Japanese companies depend on exports.
I met an elderly woman.
I usually go on foot.
This heating device uses oil as fuel.
Quality, not quantity.
I'm on a diet and would like to know if chocolate makes you fat.
Ken was looking for you.
I wake him up at every morning.
My life would be meaningless without you.
I feel bad about having made you wait so long.
People with bad vision cannot see far.
It's eight a.m. right now.
If I wouldn't answer, I wouldn't talk.
It's better for me to have a fish than a bird.
Our soccer team has a good defense.
You need to finish your homework.
I do wonder - why is he late?
Mind if I join you guys?
Tony speaks English as well as you do.
You should have eaten more fruit.
How do I get to the police?
Germany was once an ally of Italy.
I wish she would stop smoking.
I often think about my deceased mother.
We're worried about Grandpa and Grandma.
Three cubed makes twenty-seven.
There aren't many students who can read Latin.
A molecule of water is made up of one oxygen and two hydrogen atoms.
Close the door before going to bed.
He didn't come to school yesterday.
Is there anyone else who wants to eat?
It scares me.
A study has proved that eating too fast increases your chance of obesity.
After being proven innocent, the killer cucumber went into a well deserved retirement in Spain.
Innsbruck, I must leave you.
We have really everything in common with America nowadays except, of course, language.
I'd appreciate it if you would turn off the lights.
A man can know the price of everything and the value of nothing.
Children who are thirsty should drink water.
Acceptable and unacceptable are clearly in opposition to each other.
Can it be that the white horse is not a horse?
My wife sings in the ladies' choir.
I like recycling the wall. I do sustainable translation.
Silence implies consent.
Tokyo is bigger than Rome.
What method of birth control do you recommend?
Globalization has gone mad: why transport Spanish cucumbers to exterminate the Northern Germans when half of them live in Mallorca? We need to rationalize all of that and adopt a more solid method of bacterial decontamination.
How many sentences can I add in minutes, I wonder... Let's try and see!
This is a really sharp knife.
I'd like to call the 'rents.
She doesn't have many friends or girlfriends.
He came back after two days.
I answered the questions correctly.
Could you open the window?
My friend George is going to Japan this summer.
In the best-case scenario, life is just a sea of troubles.
Last night I had a weird dream.
Where did the Olympic Games originate?
I've got a question.
Please give me your credit card.
Wow! What an eater!
Wow! Look at him eat!
Bring him to me.
He lives a floor up from me.
He lives on the floor above me.
Only a few students can read Latin.
She's got a cat. The cat's white.
I'm not sure about who to give the present to - the boy, or the girl?
For whom does the bell toll?
All the friends that I sent invitations to came to the party.
Could I drop by your place one of these days?
I got caught in the rain and got all wet.
I'm walking to school.
For him, hunger was an abstract concept. He had always had enough food.
There are four seasons in a year - spring, summer, fall, and winter.
You know who she is?
Austria's hilly landscapes reminded Mr. Bogart of The Sound of Music.
She always conducted herself honorably and gracefully.
The coalition is trying to paper over the cracks.
You're comparing chalk and cheese!
You're comparing apples and oranges!
Many people think that sponge cake is difficult to bake, but if you use enough eggs, nothing can really go wrong.
His rash is due to Dengue fever.
Does this dress look good on me?
We're in the second week of an unrelenting heat wave.
I don't have a very good dictionary.
It would be good for you to study eagerly.
The green water is not suitable for drinking.
My son tried to become a rakugo story teller.
You know it better than me.
It seems like you know me, but I don't know you.
You seem to know me, but I don't know you.
GE announced the acquisition of the Lake company for $million.
Please give me batteries for a camera.
Where did he do it?
Everyone dies eventually.
I have a memory like a sieve.
He's in the other truck.
My mother has two brothers.
Australian saltwater crocodiles can grow up to feet long and frequently kill people.
I have never had any enemies other than those of the state.
We are at the end of the Age of Pisces and will be entering the Age of Aquarius.
Some astrologers believe that we entered the Age of Aquarius in the 20th century, while others think that we will have to wait until the 24th century.
This spacecraft is powered by ion thrusters.
I also want to have a barbecue.
is the smallest natural number with the property that it and its two direct neighbours are not square-free.
Can it be that a white horse is not a horse?
Without the sun there is no life!
Excuse me. Who are you?
Excuse me. What's your name?
I have two tickets for the Boston vs. Vancouver game on Saturday night. Wanna go with me?
It's so easy to write good example sentences, that even if we accidentally delete a few good sentences in the process of getting rid of a whole lot of bad ones, I think we could drastically improve the quality of this corpus by doing a lot of deleting.
Its working properly here but not up there.
I have written down his phone number.
A kilo of ketchup is equivalent to two kilos of tomatoes.
He always gets bullied at school.
I know a lot of languages.
Can you play the key of C minor?
I keep the master copy under lock and key.
Forgetting his key, he was able to open the door by inserting a wire in the key hole.
I have the key to the safe.
Your brother is very angry.
It's already dark outside.
I'm afraid to go first, it's too dark.
Distant water won't quench your immediate thirst.
It's almost late.
My daughter went to school.
Man is the dog's best friend.
The internet has changed the way we learn foreign languages.
The driver asked us to take care when getting off the bus.
Could I have a bus timetable?
As she couldn't pay for a ticket, the driver asked her to get off the bus.
Tom's explanation was too complicated.
Is the cat on or under the chair?
Your Esperanto is very good, congratulations!
I've brought you a little something.
The government should take targeted measures to eliminate unemployment.
You can't run in school.
It's very expensive.
It's very onerous.
Keep these rules in mind.
Look, a shooting star!
He gave her a peck on the cheek.
He has a very materialistic outlook on life.
The initiative measurably improved quality of life for the villagers.
I've completely recovered.
Memorising the cards in a deck in order is certainly a difficult task, but manageable.
He could be found at o'clock every morning in the barn, milking the cows.
He was in the shop, minding his own business, when the car crashed through the wall.
He is very talented musically, able to play at least instruments.
The modernisation plan has completely changed the character of the country.
The result placed him amongst the top one percent nationally.
His openness is a very positive quality, although not without its drawbacks.
Ordinarily, this was not a problem, but in the circumstances it could not have been worse.
I am very good at appearing organised, although the reality is somewhat different.
Disregarding the "No Entry" sign, she pushed open the door and walked inside.
He has impeccable manners, which means you can never be sure what he actually thinks!
Exploring and populating the newly discovered continent happened over the course of a couple of centuries.
They took enough provisions for three years at sea.
The racecourse was set in a valley, about a mile from the town centre.
The introduction of video replays to sport was a surprisingly fundamental change.
His restlessness gave her a hint that something was wrong.
The lake was ringed by a fence, apparently for health and safety reasons.
The senselessness of the act appalled him.
A lot has changed since the seventies, although long hair has still not quite gone out of fashion.
He spoke with a softness characteristic of southerners.
Why are conventional language classes so boring?
I really can't remember people's names, but I don't forget faces.
You may be able to pass unnoticed in a city, but in a village that's not possible.
Beijingers speak Mandarin with a roll in the tongue that no Southerner could ever utter.
What examples of behaviour would you consider typically masculine?
Choose a spokesperson for every group.
How do the situations shown in the film illustrate possible differences and areas of possible cultural conflict between our culture and the American one?
Have you found a partner by now?
You’d better start considering doing your project work by yourself!
Have you chosen a topic?
Ask your teacher and he will assign you one.
I'm going to do a trick with only four cards.
With text we mean any communicative situation of significant length.
Organize your material in English so that you can show your analysis and conclusions in 10-minutes.
You can take single words or expressions from the text, but not complete sentences.
Bilingual dictionaries are allowed.
How many women do you know that are managers with high levels of responsibility in Italian companies, public or private?
He has a very broad knowledge of the world.
Try to investigate in depth the cultural values your text brings into evidence.
Do you study any foreign language?
We had to leave for America on short notice.
It'll be impossible to get a visa on short notice.
I had to make a speech on short notice.
They asked me to make a speech on short notice.
I'm too young to die!
I study once in a blue moon.
Tom prays to God once in a blue moon.
She goes jogging every morning before breakfast.
The morning sun is too bright to look at.
Oddly, I've been watching a lot of telenovelas this fall.
My house is in the northern part of the city.
There is cranberry juice in the fridge.
He made a cranberry sauce to accompany duck.
My son is ten years old.
Censorship feeds the dirty mind more than the four-letter word itself.
Every burned book enlightens the world.
The test of democracy is freedom of criticism.
I believe in censorship. I made a fortune out of it.
You can cage the singer but not the song.
The desire to survive and the fear of death are artistic sentiments.
Death is just around the corner and you can't walk away.
A bird in hand is safer than one overhead.
Always borrow money from a pessimist; he doesn't expect to be paid back.
Because of the water shortage, I couldn't take a bath.
People living in this area are dying because of the lack of water.
We had a poor harvest because of the lack of water.
When he opened the door he had nothing on but the TV.
Mary is an exceptionally beautiful girl.
It's time to sleep.
I hate mosquitoes.
The limits of my language mean the limits of my world.
Dying is nothing. So start with living, it's less funny and it lasts longer.
Dying is not the opposite of living: we spend our life living while we don't spend our death dying.
Time withers the roses, but wears down the thorns.
I'm the mother of a son of a bitch.
I wonder if my mother is hiding something from me. She called me a "son of a bitch" today.
Let's share this money.
Just what exactly are you trying to say?
I will definitely go to your funeral.
There turned out to be sooooo many people at the office!
I will definitely attend your funeral.
Do however you like.
Give Emet and the others a call.
My father's a farmer. His family doesn't have money, and his life is very difficult.
My father is going to retire soon.
I need to get my oboe repaired.
I've never heard of that city yet.
The robber ran away when the policeman saw him.
He is so careless that he often makes mistakes.
After it rains and the ground is damp, it's easier to pull weeds.
They compared it with the old car.
Is she gone?
Aiming at a fair selection, the test's subject will be the same for all of you scientists of the world: write a scientific publication in English!
Please, forgive me.
A diet Coke in Ukraine costs ₴2.
If you want to go to Israel, you need many shekels. Water costs only 0,₪.
I forgot my email address.
I've forgotten my email address.
Problem solved!
TWiiNS celebrated my birthday via Twitter on June 12th.
The leopard can't change its spots.
The engineer does not live. It works.
He who sleeps with dogs wakes up with fleas.
What people are coming to the party?
Until when are you planning to live here?
This is not some cheap Izakaya, so we don't accept that customers sing loudly.
On what business did you come here?
Let me have a taste.
The weather is almost always hot.
The weather here has its own unique characteristics.
I have to translate our company’s website into the local language, which is English.
It was difficult for a girl with her face and figure to make it across the dance floor without bumping, by only the purest of accidents, into one roué or another.
The sign for siblings in Japanese sign language could well be misunderstood by many Americans with disastrous consequences.
Someone is waiting for you downstairs.
What was said?
Kati Wolf is a good singer.
Hungary and Slovakia are neighbors.
The letter was finished.
Portugal has only one neighbor and it's Spain.
In Belgium, Flemish people want to declare their independence someday.
Working in the Kremlin has been my lifelong dream.
From Tursun to Guzelnur, you are all good students.
They are generally located in Switzerland, France, and in Belgium, as well.
You speak.
According to statistics, men's wages are higher than women's.
I've completely recovered from my illness.
It looks like you're pretty clever.
She saw this film ONLY once.
We really had a hell of a time getting up to the 20th floor of this building.
She got dressed and went outside.
He got dressed and went outside.
You should show yourself to the doctor.
No, you don't know Java. You know JavaSCRIPT.
This morning the weather is cloudy.
Don't play around on the way back from school.
I never drink water. You never know, foxes might have peed in it.
Don't play around on your way back home.
Don't play around on your way home.
Are we about to have a flame war?
He is going to buy a new bicycle.
He plans to buy a new bicycle.
He intends to buy a new bicycle.
A fat white cat sat on a wall and watched the two of them with sleepy eyes.
Be my guests!
Be my guest!
How about going fishing with me?
Would you like to go fishing with me?
He penned it down so as to not forget it.
It's hard to love when one doesn't know whether one is loved as much as one loves.
It's hard to love someone when one doesn't know whether one is loved as much as one loves.
Since we aren't vegetables, we should live our lives to the fullest.
It's difficult to teach people what they're unwilling to learn.
It's easier to teach children than to teach adults.
It's easier to teach children than adults.
Internet is a vast network connecting innumerable computers on a world scale.
Corpora provide a rich resource for investigating language.
Does someone have the exact time, please?
If you're bored, I suggest you to go to the cinema.
Tom persuaded his mother to lend him the car for the weekend.
Maria tends to appear on my doorstep whenever I'm about to go out.
It is necessary to use subheadings.
I want to go to England.
Why don't you telephone the theatre and enquire about tickets?
Tell me what you did to Shounan.
Last night I stayed home to be able to receive your phone call.
Last night I stayed home to be able to receive your call.
Yesterday I received a letter from an old friend.
If I had the money, I would immediately acquire this computer.
If I had the money, I would immediately buy this computer.
Had I the money, I would immediately acquire this computer.
Her friends had to padlock the freezer to prevent her from eating ice cream.
If it snows on the mountain, it is cold in the valley.
Click to edit!
The mind's greatest good is the knowledge of God, and the mind's highest virtue is to know God.
No one knows what will strike one tomorrow.
My phone was broken.
She's a trainee.
Tomorrow morning, I'll wake up at 6.
The whereabouts of Ken's notorious dog is an issue well beyond Ken's ken.
The movie's about to start.
I came here to play soccer.
I did this for you.
A week is divided into seven days: Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday, and Sunday.
I didn't think that your wife was so old.
Hurricanes are violent storms.
My wife isn't beautiful. Yours is.
Hurricanes usually occur in June.
Hurricanes are storms accompanied by winds that can travel at miles per hour.
A blizzard is an example of extreme weather conditions.
Hurricanes are very destructive.
Tornadoes are very destructive.
The category of a hurricane depends on its wind speed.
Category hurricanes are the worst.
A category hurricane causes maximum damage.
"Who here has a panda at home?" "I do!"
A category hurricane can reach speeds of about miles per hour.
The eye of a hurricane is its center.
The woman is naked.
No matter how much you try to convince people that chocolate is vanilla, it'll still be chocolate, even though you may manage to convince yourself and a few others that it's vanilla.
It's hard to love two when you don't know whether the two love you as much as you love both.
We were wondering who it was, and it turns out that it was you!
I am writing to inquire whether you have any positions available.
May I inquire why you wish to speak to him?
They've got a telephone next to their bed.
Please be kind to others.
Be kind to others.
He's been on the telephone for the past two hours.
You're wanted on the telephone.
I can't believe you're not on the telephone.
I got to know her through one of my friends.
Has she come or what?
There's only two days left.
This person is your slave, right?
There are only two days left.
The customers have started to come.
One euro is one-point-five dollars.
Should I watch Six Feet Under? Do you think it's any good?
Please wake me up at tomorrow morning.
Tomorrow morning, wake me up at 6:00, please.
For some reason, I'm wide awake and can't fall asleep.
"You're taking me for an idiot!" "Taking you for an idiot? Oh, no! I'd never!"
An elderly man was sitting alone on a dark path.
"Third wish?" The man was baffled. "How can it be a third wish if I haven't had a first and second wish?"
"You've had two wishes already," the hag said, "but your second wish was for me to return everything to the way it was before you had made your first wish. This is why you remember nothing."
"All right," said the man, "I don't believe this, but there's no harm in wishing. I wish to know who I am."
He wasn't certain in which direction he should go and he'd forgotten whither he was traveling and who he was.
He'd sat down for a moment to rest his weary legs and suddenly looked up and saw an elderly woman before him.
She grinned toothlessly and, after a cackle, spoke, "Now your third wish. What will it be?"
She cackled at the poor man. "So it is that you have one wish left."
"Funny," said the old woman as she granted his wish and disappeared forever. "That was your first wish."
Shakespeare said: "Navarre shall be the wonder of the world."
Try and do your homework by yourself.
Get with it.
I had to work on Sunday.
I was forced to work on Sunday.
We should never forget that the Titanic was built by professionals and Noah's Ark was built by laymen...
Call him an abyss - how deep he is!
This book is my good luck charm. I read it every five months.
As a prank, some students let three goats loose inside their school after painting the numbers 1, and on the sides of the goats. The teachers spent most of the day looking for goat number 3.
I trust what Matthew, Mark, Luke and John said, and if I were ever the victim in a car accident I'd be very happy if they were my witnesses.
He is completely besotted with her.
Did you see his work? Would he have wanted to do it badly, he wouldn't have proceeded otherwise.
If you behave like a flunkey, you're treated like a flunkey.
Here, your sentence is now consigned to posterity!
It's a good sentence, by the way.
I can't get rid of that damned sentence!
I always hand wash my bras.
Neurosciences emerged in the nineteen-ninetiesishes.
People are too lazy to look it up themselves in a dictionary.
Do you prefer using sanitary napkins or tampons?
The clothes horse is always in the way!
The laundry rack is always in the way!
Please put this book on the very top.
Once we are dead, we are no longer dying.
When will we arrive in Tokyo?
When will I get to Tokyo?
What time will he arrive in Tokyo?
What time will you get to Tokyo?
Iran plans to launch a monkey into space.
I was somehow so awake that I couldn't sleep.
If you behave like a lackey, you're treated like a lackey.
You must certainly be very hungry now.
The knife was so blunt that I could not cut the meat with it and I resorted to my pocket knife.
Every even number is the sum of two primes.
Globalise or die.
Globalize or die.
Dying's nothing. Start instead by living - not only is it harder, but it's longer as well.
In order to conquer the centre, we'll have to alienate the left wing of the party.
We could apply the theory of punctuated equilibrium to languages.
I don't get why not all girls are lesbians.
I don't get why girls aren't all lesbians.
Had I taken that plane, I would be dead by now.
I suspect Eldad to follow my doings.
Nowadays, almost everyone has a modern bean-to-cup coffee maker, but we are still using a porcelain coffee filter.
I owe him some money.
Her friends waited for her by the gate.
Her friend waited for her by the gate.
The two of us split up last year.
The locals are very hospitable.
If you don't want to go to that party, you don't have to.
If you only drink this juice for a few days, you'll get better.
You don't have to go to the party if you don't want to.
I cannot bear her endless love.
All of their spouses got on the bus.
All of you are welcome to bring your spouses to my party.
All of you are welcome to attend my party along with your spouses.
Many of the soldiers kissed their spouses goodbye.
I just remembered something.
Killing your spouse is one way to end a marriage. However, it's frowned upon.
One should respect one's spouse.
Does your spouse attend church with you?
If you've been drinking, perhaps your spouse can drive you home.
If both you and your spouse are coming, please let me know.
If your spouse is a politician, then likely your name will also appear in the newspaper from time to time.
Cheating on one's spouse is not usually considered acceptable behavior.
If your spouse complains too much, maybe it's time to find another one.
Do you think your spouse spends enough time with you?
On Friday evenings, a group of us with spouses working overseas meet at Chuck's Bar and Grill.
Emet wasn't able to move those books.
It may be easier to get a long-term visa if your spouse is a citizen.
If only I were younger.
If everyone could pay close attention, please. I will now auscultate the patient. Make sure to note the proper procedure because you all will be practicing this tomorrow.
Kissing one's spouse in public is considered acceptable behavior in some countries.
Would I only were younger.
I've decided that I won't go to the party.
Because he couldn't kill me, I killed him.
Sing us another song!
We translated the sentences and wrote them on the website for others to see, as well.
Would I only work on weekends if I could? Of course, I would.
Don't come late, okay?
Tom would often make mistakes purposely just so the teacher would notice him.
I saw a crowd of children at the cinema.
If you want to go, then go. If you don't want to, then whatever.
If you want to go, then go. If you don't want to, then forget about it.
If you want to go, then go. If you don't want to, then it's no big deal.
If you want to go, then go. If you don't want to, then that's fine as well.
She's been over to your place, right?
He's been over to your place, right?
This is our friend Tom.
Please, lend him some more aid!
The blue sky fooled me so I didn't bring an umbrella.
Please bring my phone with you.
He is shit out of luck.
His voice sounds like pure sex.
He dropped the anchovies.
This joke belongs to me.
An accident took place at the intersection.
Why are you always avoiding me?
Turns out that the house is infested with Garter snakes. They're everywhere!
England is synonymous with football, fish & chips, and the Queen.
You absolutely must not tell my girlfriend about this!
Noted. Thank you.
Do you want to eat prawns?
After pay withholding tax, please send the tax paid receipt in PDF format.
You and David should totally learn that piece and play it at the talent show next year.
The witch hunt has begun.
As elsewhere in India, growth most often occurs despite the government rather than because of it.
Toss the gun onto the table.
The tea is boiling hot.
The tea is scalding hot.
Many young Romans went to Greece.
My father doesn't drink too much sake.
Who are those people?
I would really like to know why he did such a thing.
Shanghainese is actually a kind of pidgin, based on Wu dialects, Lower Yangtze Mandarin, and English loanwords.
If one can say that a tiger is a big cat, one can also say that a cat is a small tiger.
There was a cat on the table.
A cat has been on the table.
That makes me angry.
We will play baseball now.
After my work, I will pick you up from your workplace.
Blessed is he who expects nothing, for he will never be disillusioned.
Blessed is she who expects nothing, for she will never be disillusioned.
Let's decide with a coin toss.
The story ends well.
The autumn was long and mild.
That bicycle is mine.
The government gave power to this crook.
Blessed is the one who expects nothing, never being disillusioned.
Glass is breakable.
He's an Englishman, but lives in India.
Even though I know a little Japanese, I think we'd better speak in English.
Did you write down the telephone number?
Do you practice any sport?
Misfortune arrives on horseback but departs on foot.
Although he made a mistake in his sentence, it is unquestionable that Niko is the quicker of us both.
I'll speak to you at a more convenient time.
Look at this Japanese car.
The library has various new acquisitions.
They are entirely contrasting opinions.
He has two sisters who both live in Kyoto.
He is licensed as a pharmacist.
Do it now, so you don't forget it.
There were a lot of birds in the tree.
I was often there.
The Inca were a religious people.
Could I have a piece of cheesecake?
I gave the correct answers to the questions.
His memory loss is more a psychological than a physical trouble.
Now I know my situation!
Send my best wishes to your family.
Today, the weather is very nice.
In Paris they simply stared when I spoke to them in French; I never did succeed in making those idiots understand their own language.
I like to go shopping in that store.
You have to answer this question.
He left the house at eight o'clock.
Her eyes were the colour of kohlrabi.
He was more loyal than I had guessed.
If it's okay for him to buy a knife, then why on earth can't I?
If it's okay for her to buy a knife, then why on earth can't I?
Let us tell you everything we know.
The child ran into the house.
It'd be best if you gave me back my knife.
I bought one other book in addition to this one.
Next year, hats will become fashionable.
Last night, he saw a UFO in the sky.
They began with a strong attack against the enemy.
He died at age 54.
I want another beer.
Children play in the yard.
Mister Petro and his wife love my children a lot; I love theirs a lot, too.
Soon, we'll be able to send you to prison.
After the birth of your child, you should make your work part-time.
So she works at this factory, does she?
So she works at this factory, huh?
So he works at this factory, huh?
So he works at this factory, does he?
Satisfied, he smiled.
They came back from the cinema together.
Pleased, he smiled.
If possible, one should live twice.
We believed that the object was a UFO (Unidentified Flying Object).
If someone comes looking for me, would you please tell them that I'm not in?
Only Obama knows that.
I have already visited the United States.
Those who have not paid their dues are asked to see me at the end of class.
Which languages are spoken in Korea?
Today, Christianity celebrates the first Advent.
Elephants are divided into three different species.
Elephants are the world's largest land animals.
African elephants are divided into two different species: savannah and forest elephants.
African elephants are larger than Asian elephants.
African elephants have less hair than Asian elephants.
African elephants have bigger ears than Asian elephants.
I really want to know why he did that kind of thing.
I'd really like to know why he did that sort of thing.
We found out that the house is infested with garter snakes. They're everywhere.
It turns out that that house is infested with garter snakes. They're everywhere.
We discovered that that house is infested with garter snakes. They're all over the place!
There was an accident at the intersection.
If you want to go, go. If you don't want to, that's OK, too.
If it were OK for me to only work on weekends, would I do it? Of course, I would.
If we'd been on that plane, we'd be dead now.
If we'd taken that plane, we'd be dead now.
That knife was so blunt I couldn't use it to cut the meat so I had to rely on my pocket knife.
That knife wasn't sharp and I couldn't cut the meat with it, so I resorted to using my pocket knife.
If you behave like a servant, you'll be treated like a servant.
If you behave like a flunky, you'll be treated like a flunky.
If you behave like a lackey, you'll be treated like a lackey.
I have to go home a little early today.
Firemen don't wear inflammable outfits.
Horse, lion, dog, goat: these are animals.
I was looking at a dog. However, when I looked again, it had turned into a cat.
English is considered an international language.
English is often considered an international language.
English is always considered an international language.
Hooray!
You're just seeking to embellish all this!
Cats are like girls. If they talk to you it's great, but if you try to talk to them, it doesn't go so well.
I remember this word.
The square of any prime number is a semiprime.
Even my grandma can send an SMS.
I'd die for some bagels and burritos.
Usual folks like when other people are similar to themselves, and hate when they are different.
I don't have a problem doing the laundry, but I hate folding the clothes.
I am yet older than he is.
In comparison to him, I am still older.
Husbands and wives should help each other as long as they live.
She talked a lot.
The child is playing with Meccano.
The child blew up his model tank.
The boys are playing with their Erector Set.
My dad likes Lego Technic.
This hat cost ten dollars.
This room doesn't get much sun.
This room doesn't get much sunlight.
He just barely managed to pass the test.
I just barely managed to pass the test.
I barely passed the exam.
She repeatedly said that she was innocent.
She has a daughter named Mary.
White to play and win.
I'm good at math.
I'm good at mathematics.
From time to time, I think about my mother who is no longer living.
I frequently think about my mother who passed away.
You're too young to die, my friend.
They're crazy, these Romans!
The child crashed his model train into his sister's dollhouse.
They have a telephone next to their bed.
Recycling paper is a moral duty.
Wait and see.
It is cold.
Do not fear the devil!
John and Peter are inseparable friends.
She tried not to shed a tear.
What is the advantage of that technology?
If you want to get something in life, you should go against the flow.
Would you be so kind as to tell me why you love him?
Would you please tell me what you see in him?
Two times seven is fourteen.
She gave me a necktie, which entirely matched my taste.
The heart serves to pump blood.
Metals conduct electricity.
Feathers are a distinguishing feature of birds.
We organized a farewell party for her.
She waited longingly for the return of her husband.
Marie is a naive student.
A dog chased a cat.
Look! She's coming!
The new highway shaves almost an hour off my commute time.
I'm not really big on curry.
More and more people are falling behind in their mortgage payments.
A rapper without bling is like a pope without a crucifix.
I am being paranoid, aren't I?
No security system is foolproof.
All the inmates are present and accounted for.
The recipe calls for four ripe tomatoes.
Can I just use this quickly please?
It smells like something is burning in the kitchen.
Drink the medicine.
I would like to drink something.
Italy is in Europe.
She received the maximum sentence of ten years.
He is serving a three-year sentence for burglary.
There was silence as the judge pronounced sentence.
Those people are true experts in the counterfeit of illegal things.
Australia is about twenty times larger than Japan.
I searched high and low for my glasses but couldn't find them.
The Yanks are our friends.
Show me the photos you took in Paris.
After three weeks of searching, he found well-paid work.
Many students like sports.
My pen is where my book is.
Don't write me such long letters.
The bridge was built within two years.
Your little girl was born and is doing well.
I always leave my umbrella on the train.
She likes dogs so much that even in the desert she feeds dirty dogs.
He measures the time with a clock radio.
This word derives from Latin.
That letter is addressed to you.
Gold is the most valuable of the metals.
If it rains, I'll stay at home.
He is a good boy, and he is strong.
French finance minister Christine Lagarde headed to Brazil as part of a tour to garner support for her candidacy.
We discovered relics of an ancient civilisation.
There are no English sentences on Tatoeba that contain the word "Lego".
As for dogs, I like them.
On my fourteenth birthday, I ate ice cream cake.
Same-sex adoption rights are an important issue for the LGBT* community.
Chechens have inclinations towards independence.
My mom looked funny with a mud mask on her face and rollers in her hair.
Thirtieth birthdays often bring with them fears of old age.
Beyond what number of Facebook friends are you considered to have a dissociative identity disorder?
I find myself in partial agreement with both of these arguments.
Add meat.
Americans have lost their confidence in Toyota.
A decision of capital importance was made at the nation's capital this morning.
The army was on the warpath.
First I'll go to the bank, and then I'll buy the tickets.
I get on very well with my brother.
I couldn't get back to sleep.
You should take off your coat.
The plane took off.
We'll have to do a bit of walking to get from here to the bank.
Mary takes after her mother.
She looked after my children last night.
You should take it off.
I don't want to go to Italy.
Each evening, a nightingale sang for us.
The most beautiful girls are from Lithuania.
Children usually look up to great athletes.
I dream of going to Lithuania and living there.
Mary has given up smoking.
Refugees hid under the bridge.
He had an accident.
Aristotle was toadying up to the Macedonian monarchy.
I am not gay, but my boyfriend is.
I've got a big dick!
I've got a big cock!
I have mallet problems at the moment.
Can you send it with a mallet?
Take care to indicate the right object before sending me your email, otherwise it will end up in the spam folder.
This is my email address.
Here's my email address.
My house is situated on the other side of that bridge.
Her face was bright red with anger.
Do you have time to help me?
We should probably postpone the competition.
Suddenly, the door closed with a loud noise.
The hairdresser cut the guest's hair.
From now on, I will not use that word.
You recovered quickly.
I went to Paris.
The conversation moved on to other topics.
Maja Keuc is a good singer.
I love Evelina Sašenko.
Do you speak Albanian?
Do you speak Macedonian?
Do you speak Swahili?
I found my shoes.
There were about 1,people.
There were about a thousand people.
There were about one thousand people.
She is one of my friends.
I hate terrorist organizations.
You'll be my son-in-law.
In Ankara, all the seasons are like winter.
I'm flabbergasted.
I was really flabbergasted when I heard the news from Jane.
I love old prewar gangster movies.
"I am in the soup," reported the fly through its walkie-talkie.
Let's make it 3:00.
Get a haircut.
Go to the barbershop.
You should go to the barbershop.
The court condemned the man to death by lethal injection.
Judging by the size of this footprint, I'd say the perp is about six feet tall.
The one good thing you can say about an entry-level job is that there's lots of room for growth.
The horse chafed at the bit put in its mouth.
The first photos of the Earth taken from outer space captured the imagination of an entire generation.
What you're saying is right but, believe me, you're going to catch a lot of heat for it.
Funding for this program was provided by the following sponsors.
Many software companies offer free versions of their products, albeit with limited functionality.
Their culture values obedience to those in positions of authority.
A dish can be spicy without being hot.
I wouldn't wish that on my worst enemy.
Mixing with people at a party can be terrifying for shy people.
Pungent fumes arose from the chemical mixture.
Fewer young people know how to write in longhand.
There are conditions under which breaking a promise or telling a lie are acceptable.
Some think that a belief in Santa Claus is on a par with belief in God.
My nose is bleeding.
Her nose is bleeding.
Four metres of this material cost nine francs; therefore, two metres cost four and a half francs.
His nose is bleeding.
We need one week to find their hiding place.
Don't come too close to the fire.
He doesn't look like an intelligent boy.
In the morning I always drink a cup of coffee.
Won't exile be better for you than the hate of the citizens?
I bought a dozen spoons and two dozen forks.
You should bring your passport to the bank.
This will not please Daddy.
A wolf cannot be tamed.
There are no dinosaurs or mammoths to be found now.
That fish is not edible.
Although you are rich, I doubt you are happy.
I'm flabbergasted to know the word "flabbergasted".
The gardener had tulips of various kinds.
Regrettably, he lacks the financial wherewithal to run a presidential campaign.
São Paulo is the richest state in South America.
São Paulo is Brazil's most modern city.
People born in São Paulo state are called Paulistas.
Juliana told me you're from São Paulo.
I discovered a very nice place today.
Alex said that the rooms are very comfortable.
Elizabeth Taylor was incredibly beautiful.
You speak tremendously fast.
I call her very often.
My fault.
My most grievous fault.
Where did you learn French?
You speak good French!
Love doesn't rule, but it shapes; and that's more.
Love doesn't reign, but it educates; and that is more.
Everybody gets what they deserve.
Being powerful is like being a lady. If you have to tell people you are, you aren't.
I tossed my dog onto my bed.
This sentence is going to be translated.
Don't read this sentence.
The doctors didn't expect my sister to recover as well as she did.
There is no fact from which a moral ought can be derived.
I held the conch to my ear and heard the ocean inside.
How many times a minute does the average person blink?
The documents have yellowed with age.
As far as I'm concerned, laws that require drivers to wear seatbelts are paternalistic.
In a town with only one barber, who shaves the barber?
Why is there something rather than nothing?
A bust of Aristotle stands on a pedestal in the entryway.
Her line of reasoning is attractive, but ultimately fallacious.
Carbon dating was performed on the sample to determine its age.
I've never met anyone who is agnostic about the existence of Zeus.
I wonder what a person blind from birth thinks of when they hear the words "blue" or "green".
The drug must go through clinical trials before being approved.
On a long flight you should get up every once in a while to stretch your legs.
Doctors receiving kickbacks from drug companies to prescribe their products is a growing problem.
Researchers are still a long way off from understanding the mechanism involved in Alzheimer's disease.
A slew of corporate logos adorned the entrance to the soccer match.
These are just guidelines, not hard and fast rules.
Anyone in need of a good laugh should read the Simple English version of the Wikipedia article on brackets.
I can't give up my dream.
I said "Stop!"
What is this that you're saying?
Please wait a moment and don't hang up.
Some time passed, but I didn't get her return letter.
Don't leave until we get there.
Instead of going back to the party, why don't we go to my place?
This is my own bike.
Don't worry. You can confide in me.
Twitter is better and more secure than Facebook.
I know them all.
One weekend, all of the hotels in the city were full.
Everybody always knows when the politicians do something wrong and how they should do it better, but only a tiny fraction of the population is ready to commit themselves to politics.
The Tangut had an ideographic script of their own.
I am because you are, and therefore we are.
She breathed in deeply and started to tell about her situation.
Antimatter is highly unstable.
Eating is an art.
German cars are very popular.
I want to visit the ruins of Athens.
The typewriter is stored in the basement.
The ship is unsellable.
"B" is the second letter of the alphabet.
"H" is not pronounced in French.
I still don't know that.
Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath away.
I still don't know.
Look over the contract well, before you sign it.
A self-proclaimed democrat, who is lucky enough to live in a democratic country, but who constantly swears at politicians without committing himself to politics, has probably not understood the word "democracy".
His lackadaisical attitude to studying explains his poor grades.
Don't even think about that.
Napoleon Bonaparte feared black cats.
Don't even think about it!
Follow my lead!
Don't worry, just follow my lead!
Who are you all?
I feel like I'm forgeting something.
Drunken driving is a serious problem.
I found out that Tom now has three citations for drunken driving.
Our city police have a new campaign targeting drunken driving.
The blood alcohol limit for drunken driving is .percent in Texas.
Tom gave up running for mayor after pleading guilty to drunken driving.
Tom has a history of arrests for drunken driving.
Tom has at least one conviction for drunken driving.
Tom pleaded guilty to drunken driving and his driver's license was suspended for six months.
Tom pleaded guilty to misdemeanor drunken driving charges in New York.
Tom pleaded no contest to a charge of drunken driving.
Tom pleaded no contest to two counts of drunken driving.
Tom pleaded not guilty to charges of drunken driving and reckless driving.
Tom served five days in jail last year after pleading guilty to drunken driving.
Tom served two months in jail for drunken driving.
Tom was arrested for drunken driving.
Tom was arrested on suspicion of drunken driving.
Tom was charged with drunken driving after he was involved in a car accident in Boston.
Tom was sentenced to five days in jail and a year on probation for drunken driving.
Tom's criminal record consists of only two drunken driving citations.
Tom has been convicted of drunken driving twice in the last four years.
During the night, everything looks different.
I paid her five dollars.
Tom has been convicted of drunk driving twice in the last four years.
A bunch of people died in the explosion.
A bunch of people told me not to eat there.
A bunch of people were standing outside waiting.
A child who is a native speaker usually knows many things about his or her language that a non-native speaker who has been studying for years still does not know and perhaps will never know.
A doctor told me that eating eggs was bad for me.
A gun might come in handy.
A lot of people are dealing with allergies now.
A lot of people are dealing with hay fever now.
A lot of people are going to tell you that you shouldn't have done that.
A lot of people are interested in camping.
A lot of people are now trying to sell their houses.
A lot of people are waiting to see what is going to happen.
A lot of people who have up until now been spending money having a good time now need to be more careful with their money.
According to the news, he was eaten by sharks.
According to the old man I met yesterday, cockroaches can be eaten and don't taste all that bad.
After I graduated from college, I got a job with my father's company.
After I graduated from college, I moved back home and lived with my parents for three years.
After I graduated from college, I spent two years traveling around the world.
All five rabbits were eaten by the hungry wolves.
All four of the boys didn't have alibis.
All my friends like the same kind of music that I do.
All the English teachers at my son's school are native speakers.
All we can do is wait for the police to arrive.
Am I boring you?
Am I under arrest?
Any time you want to borrow my car, all you have to do is ask.
Apparently, the murder happened in a locked room.
Apparently, we'll be getting a raise within two months.
Are there any bears around here?
Are you a creature of habit?
Are you afraid of the dark?
Are you an only child?
Are you close to your family?
Are you closer to your mother or to your father?
Are you excited?
Are you going to be OK?
Are you gonna help me or what?
Are you happy with how you look?
Are you happy with your weight?
Are you OK?
Are you on Facebook?
Are you responsible for this mess?
Are you seriously thinking about becoming involved?
Are you seriously thinking about buying a computer from that store?
Are you seriously thinking about buying that old car?
Are you seriously thinking about divorce?
Are you seriously thinking about driving all night?
Are you seriously thinking about eating all that?
Are you seriously thinking about getting a divorce?
Are you seriously thinking about getting involved?
Are you seriously thinking about getting married again at your age?
Are you seriously thinking about going?
Are you seriously thinking about having a baby?
Are you seriously thinking about not going?
Are you seriously thinking about pursuing a career as a race car driver?
Are you seriously thinking about quitting your job?
Are you seriously thinking about selling this on eBay?
Are you seriously thinking about selling this online?
Are you seriously thinking about starting your own business?
Are you still in love with your wife?
Are you still playing the bassoon?
Are you still thinking about applying to Harvard?
Are you sure that you want to do this?
Are you sure that you want to give this away?
Are you sure that you want to go there?
Are you sure that you want to quit your job?
Are you wondering what we ended up doing?
As soon as I can afford it, I plan to travel around the world.
As soon as I can afford to buy a house, I will.
As soon as I can figure out how to send money, I'll send you some.
As soon as I can get a decent video camera, I'll start making videos to put online.
As soon as I can get my son to scan our family photos, I'll upload some of them to our website.
As soon as I can get the chance, I'll come for a visit.
As soon as I can get the chance, I'll help your mother paint the fence.
As soon as I can get the chance, I'll send you some money.
As soon as I find it, I'll bring it over to your place.
As the tigers approached, we wondered who would be eaten first.
As we ate our meal, we talked about what we had done that day.
Back in those days, I loved to play checkers.
Before you can love others, you need to be able to love yourself.
Being aware of what and how much we eat is essential to good health.
Biting your fingernails is a bad habit.
Can eating just vegetables help you lose weight?
Can I eat my lunch here?
Can we really learn to speak a foreign language like a native?
Can you help look after the kids?
Can you remember how slow the Internet used to be?
Can you remember the first time we met each other?
Can you remember the first time you ate at this restaurant?
Can you remember the first time you heard the Beatles?
Can you remember the first word you learned in English?
Can you still remember the time we first met?
Can you still remember when we first met?
Can you still remember where we first met?
Circumstances have changed.
Considering all I've eaten all day is just one slice of bread, I'm not really all that hungry.
Could you describe to the jury what happened?
Could you please clear the table?
Could you please take me back home?
Could you please tell me again how many times you've been here?
Could you please tell me again what school you graduated from?
Could you please tell me again when the meeting is supposed to start?
Could you please tell me again where you put the key?
Could you please tell me again who your father is?
Could you please tell me again why you are late?
Cucumbers, spinach, broccoli and onions are considered non-starchy vegetables.
Did you come home early just to eat then go out again?
Did you double-check these figures?
Did you give a copy of the disk to anyone?
Did you say something?
Did you see the sunset earlier? It was really beautiful.
Didn't you tell me yesterday that you and your boyfriend had broken up?
Didn't you tell me yesterday that you wouldn't be late today?
Dinner is probably ready by now.
Do I curse too much?
Do snakes bother you?
Do we need to watch out for tigers around here?
Do you believe in love at first sight?
Do you feel birthdays are important?
Do you feel giving gifts is important?
Do you feel like eating?
Do you give to charity?
Do you have a pet?
Do you have a tattoo?
Do you have a Twitter account?
Do you have any brothers or sisters?
Do you have any gum?
Do you have any idea how important your test grades are?
Do you have any idea what time it is?
Do you have any tattoos?
Do you have more than one copy of this key?
Do you hear something?
Do you know anyone who hums while they work?
Do you know what your kids are eating?
Do you like bowling?
Do you like cooking?
Do you like surfing?
Do you look your age?
Do you need a lift?
Do you often eat granola?
Do you often listen to audiobooks?
Do you recycle?
Do you see that house? It's mine.
Do you see that house? That's my house.
Do you talk to your cats?
Do you talk to your dog?
Do you talk to your plants?
Do you think I need to go?
Do you think I'm beautiful?
Do you think I'm being unreasonable?
Do you think I'm crazy?
Do you think I'm fat?
Do you think I'm handsome?
Do you think I'm made of money?
Do you think I'm pretty?
Do you think I'm qualified for that job?
Do you think I'm sexy?
Do you think I'm stupid?
Do you think I'm to blame?
Do you think I'm too materialistic?
Do you think I'm too old to go back to school?
Do you think I'm too old to have another baby?
Do you think I'm too tall?
Do you think I'm ugly?
Do you think I'm wasting my time?
Do you think it's dangerous to eat genetically modified food?
Do you think it's my fault?
Do you think it's possible for me to ever sound like a native speaker?
Do you think it's wise to wear your uniform today?
Do you think that eating breakfast every day is important?
Do you think that eating with your family is important?
Do you think that handguns should be made illegal?
Do you think that you would enjoy being famous?
Do you think you have to be able to pass for a native speaker to be an effective spy?
Do you think you would ever consider going out with me?
Do you think you would ever consider suicide?
Does anyone know the name of the deceased?
Doing that sort of thing makes you look stupid.
Don't add too much salt.
Don't bother waking me up at 4:a.m. I don't plan to go fishing tomorrow.
Don't cry.
Don't cry. Everything will be OK.
Don't lose sleep over that.
Don't plan to eat at Chuck's Diner. It's closed.
Don't worry. I told you everything would be OK.
Don't you have an air conditioner?
Dr. Jackson has a good bedside manner.
English is quite often the language of choice when speaking to an international audience.
Even though my friend was a vegetarian, I didn't tell him that the soup had some meat in it.
Even though there were many cookies on the dish, I only ate three.
Every student who has graduated from our university has studied English with a native speaker for at least two years.
Everybody in the building felt the earthquake.
Everybody in the building headed for the exits at the same time.
Everybody in the car said they wanted to get out and stretch their legs.
Everybody in the park looked up at the hot air balloon.
Everybody in the room let out a sigh of relief.
Everyone ate the same thing.
Everything that could go wrong has gone wrong.
Everything's going to be OK.
Everywhere you look you can see children playing.
Everywhere you look you can see damage caused by the earthquake.
Everywhere you look you can see young couples kissing.
For snacks, she eats fruit or nuts.
For some reason, people have been avoiding me like the plague ever since I got back from India.
For three weeks, he ate nothing at all.
For your own safety, never ride in a car with a drunk driver.
From personal experience, I know that any encounter with him will leave a bad taste in your mouth.
Get this stuff out of here.
Getting your message across is much more important than trying to say it exactly like a native speaker would say it.
Giving up isn't the answer.
Have both of you already eaten?
Have you been told about the problem?
Have you been told the reasons why we didn't hire you?
Have you been told when to come?
Have you been told when you are expected to be here?
Have you been told where the meeting will be?
Have you been told where to park your car?
Have you been told why we didn't hire you?
Have you eaten dinner?
Have you eaten?
Have you ever been mugged?
Have you ever been on TV?
Have you ever been stuck in an elevator?
Have you ever been to an opera?
Have you ever broken a bone?
Have you ever cheated on an exam?
Have you ever donated blood?
Have you ever done any volunteer work?
Have you ever driven a sports car?
Have you ever dyed your hair?
Have you ever eaten whale meat?
Have you ever given money to a beggar?
Have you ever seen a car accident?
Have you ever sung in public?
Have you given any thought to having dinner with me?
Have you ever gone skinny dipping?
Have you told anyone about the surprise party?
Have you told anyone about this problem?
Have you told anyone what your real name is?
Have you told anyone where our hideout is?
Have you told everyone when and where the meeting will be?
Have you told everyone when the meeting will be?
Have you told everyone where the meeting will be?
Having a small flashlight in your pocket may come in handy.
He ate rice twice a day for many years.
He beat the odds and was successful.
He is lying through his teeth.
He kept saying to himself that he must not tell so many lies.
He lied to my face.
He was curious about how it would taste, so he took a small bite.
Health officials have long urged people to eat less meat.
Her husband eats everything she puts in front of him.
Here is a list of things you should avoid eating.
Here. Take this with you. It might come in handy.
Hey, wait up!
How can I get my toddler to eat vegetables?
How can I tell if I'm really in love?
How could you just walk out the door without saying goodbye?
How did things turn out?
How do you get your children to eat vegetables?
How do you remove red wine stains from your carpet?
How do you think you'd look wearing that dress?
How do you usually decide what to eat?
How is your dad?
How long do I have to stay here?
How long do I have to wait for delivery?
How long do I have to wait?
How long have you two been together?
How many audiobooks do you have on your iPod?
How many audiobooks do you have on your mobile MPplayer?
How many calories are in grams of butter?
How many cars have you owned so far?
How many computers have you had so far?
How many different schools have you attended?
How many kinds of vegetables do you grow in your garden?
How many operations has Dr. Jackson performed this month?
How many people die from automobile accidents each year?
How many suicides do you think there are every year in Japan?
How many times do I have to tell you not to eat candy just before dinner?
How many times do you think you've eaten here?
How much did they give you for your old car?
How much money did you spend last week?
How much money did you spend on your car?
How much money did you spend on your last holiday?
How much should my daughter be eating?
How much time do you spend selecting the food that you will eat?
How much TV do you watch?
How was your afternoon?
How was your day?
How was your night?
How was your summer?
Hundreds of soldiers ate in silence around their campfires.
I always drink a cup of coffee every morning.
I am not getting involved.
I asked them to fix my car.
I ate a burger, then went to bed.
I ate a large pizza with a friend an hour ago.
I ate quesadillas for breakfast.
I ate too much.
I can still remember the time when we went on a picnic together.
I can think of some situations in which a knife would come in handy.
I can understand why you don't want to eat there.
I can't believe that you actually got into Harvard.
I can't believe that you enjoyed that movie.
I can't believe that you like that restaurant.
I can't believe that you love me.
I can't believe that you really sold that junk for such a high price.
I can't believe that you were a cheerleader.
I can't believe that you were the smartest kid in your class.
I can't believe that you wouldn't enjoy playing cards with me and my friends.
I can't believe that you're really in love with me.
I can't believe you turned down that job.
I can't believe you're going to give away all your money.
I can't believe you're not as excited as I am.
I can't believe you're taking pictures of cockroaches.
I can't believe you weren't as impressed as I was.
I can't figure out how to delete what I just posted.
I can't figure out how to export my email addresses to a text file.
I can't figure out how to open this suitcase.
I can't figure out how to operate this machine.
I can't figure out how to post a comment to this blog.
I can't figure out how to register a new domain name.
I can't figure out how to solve this problem.
I can't figure out how to transfer MPfiles from my iPod back to my computer.
I can't figure out how to transfer MPfiles to my iPod.
I can't figure out how to upload an image.
I can't hide my feelings for you.
I can't keep doing this.
I can't tell you everything I've been told because I've been told not to.
I can't tell you everything.
I can't tell you exactly how long it will take.
I can't tell you how happy I am that you've come to visit us.
I can't tell you how many times I've been there.
I can't tell you how much I appreciate your help.
I can't tell you how much I've been looking forward to your visit.
I can't tell you how much this means to me.
I can't tell you how much your support means to us.
I can't tell you how to do that.
I can't tell you the answer to that yet.
I can't tell you what an honor this is.
I can't tell you what we did last night.
I can't tell you what we ended up doing.
I completely forgot to make something for us to eat.
I consider spaghetti to be one of the greatest foods in the world.
I could never imagine a life without you.
I didn't eat dinner last night.
I didn't eat everything that she served me.
I didn't hear you come in.
I didn't say it wasn't OK to eat.
I don't believe in fairy tales.
I don't care about your past.
I don't care what she eats.
I don't eat chicken skin.
I don't enjoy traveling in large groups.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know when, but it'll happen someday.
I don't like pizza any more than I like spaghetti.
I don't like pizza anymore.
I don't like that fat kid who ate your lunch.
I don't need an explanation.
I don't need you to take care of me.
I don't need your money. I just need your time.
I don't remember how we ended up in Boston.
I don't think children should drink beer.
I don't think I'd mind eating Chinese food every day.
I don't think I'll ever sound like a native speaker and I don't really think I need to.
I don't think I'll ever sound like a native speaker no matter how much I try.
I don't think I'll ever sound like a native speaker.
I don't think it makes him a bad person just because he's decided he likes to eat horse meat.
I don't think it's necessary for me to sound like a native speaker. I just want to be able to speak fluently.
I don't think many people can say they are satisfied with their salary.
I don't think that I deserved the punishment I got.
I don't understand and I'm not used to not understanding. Please explain it once more.
I don't usually eat red meat.
I don't want to eat here.
I don't need to sound like a native speaker, I just want to be able to speak fluently.
I don't want to talk to you.
I don't want you eating between meals.
I doubt that our new boss will be any worse than the old one.
I drank a lot and can't remember much of what happened last night.
I eat breakfast every day.
I eat lunch every day at noon.
I felt like I would die.
I found it necessary to ask for help.
I found it necessary to get a loan.
I found it necessary to get assistance.
I found it necessary to get up early every morning.
I found the subject fascinating.
I give up. No matter what I do, you never seem to be satisfied.
I got over it. You should, too.
I grew up eating Japanese food.
I guess I should get home to my wife.
I guess I should get home to the missus.
I guess I should get home to the wife.
I guess it doesn't matter anymore.
I guess it's impossible for me to learn how to play the oboe.
I guess we should go get something to eat.
I guess you'll need some help.
I had already eaten before I arrived at the party.
I had never eaten any kind of Thai food, so I was pretty excited about going to a Thai restaurant with my grandmother.
I hate dealing with children who are picky eaters.
I hate jealous women.
I hate myself for not having the will power to quit eating junk food.
I have a lot of friends who are native speakers, so I've had a lot of experience speaking with native speakers.
I have eaten at Chuck's Diner on several occasions.
I have many friends who are native speakers.
I have many friends who speak fluently, but still don't sound like native speakers.
I have no choice but to eat what they serve me.
I have no doubt in my mind you are the woman I'm going to marry.
I have no interest whatsoever in eating English food.
I have not eaten any seafood since the recent oil spill.
I have plenty of things to eat in the pantry.
I have to be honest. I was a little bit nervous the first time I had an MRI scan.
I have to check and see what the contract says.
I have to go to work.
I haven't been back here since that unfortunate incident.
I haven't been back here since the incident.
I haven't eaten French food since I left France.
I hear that he eats frogs.
I heard that a paralyzed man was eaten alive by maggots.
I heard that a South American camper was eaten by an anaconda.
I heard that a woman stabbed a man for eating her lunch.
I heard that one way to stay healthy is to avoid eating any food with unpronounceable ingredients.
I heard that you ate steak for dinner last night.
I hope that what you are eating is healthy.
I just got up. Give me a few minutes to get ready.
I just want to let you know that I can't attend this afternoon's meeting.
I just want to let you know that I think you're the most beautiful woman that I've ever seen.
I just want to let you know that I won't let you down.
I just want to let you know that I'll be late tomorrow morning.
I just want to talk with you a little while.
I knew I shouldn't have done it, but I did it anyways.
I knew I shouldn't have put off doing my homework until the last minute.
I know how to solve the problem, but I've been asked not to tell you.
I know it's going to be unpleasant to talk about the accident.
I know quite a few people who don't eat meat.
I know that I don't deserve you.
I know that I'm supposed to enjoy this class, but I don't.
I know that it is highly unlikely that anyone can help me.
I know that it is highly unlikely that anyone knows me.
I know that it is highly unlikely that anyone would be willing to help me.
I know that it is highly unlikely that we'll be able to sell all this stuff.
I know that it is highly unlikely that we'll see any whales today.
I know that it is highly unlikely that you'd ever want to go out with me, but I still need to ask at least once.
I know that you have issues with your mom.
I know the reason, but I can't tell you.
I know you're probably mad about what I said yesterday.
I know you've been avoiding me.
I know you've been waiting a long time, but could you wait just a little bit longer?
I like the way you look.
I like the way you sing.
I like the way you talk.
I like to be spontaneous.
I like you a whole lot.
I looked in my closet for something to wear, but couldn't find anything appropriate for the occasion.
I looked in my closet for something to wear.
I love Italian food.
I love roller skating.
I love the fact that you always seem to care so much.
I love the fact that you love me.
I met an old man who says that he's never eaten at a restaurant in his whole life.
I met someone the other day that I think I could fall in love with.
I miss you. I need to see you. Could I come over?
I missed going out with her and eating at our favorite restaurant.
I must live with the consequences of the choices I've made.
I need to get something to eat.
I need your answer by the end of the day.
I needed a lot of courage to try eating that strange food.
I never answer email messages from people I don't know.
I never felt this way before I met you.
I never for a moment imagined I'd be able to afford to live in such a fancy house.
I never for a moment imagined that I'd be able to meet so many famous people.
I never for a moment imagined that I'd be homeless.
I never for a moment imagined that I'd be singled out for a full body search.
I never for a moment imagined that I would still be doing this kind of thing at my age.
I never for a moment imagined that I would win.
I never for a moment imagined that my blog would become so popular.
I never for a moment imagined we wouldn't get home before the storm hit.
I never imagined anything like this.
I never imagined he'd do that to me.
I never imagined I'd be able to give a concert in Boston.
I never imagined I'd be working for you.
I never imagined I'd feel this way about you.
I never imagined myself going home so early.
I never imagined so many people would come to my party.
I never imagined we'd be talking about this topic today.
I never imagined we'd end up like this.
I never miss the opportunity to eat Italian food.
I never thought I would have to support such a large family.
I never thought it'd be this easy to hack into your website.
I never thought it'd be this hard to build a picnic table.
I never thought it'd be this hard to choose a color to paint the kitchen.
I never thought it'd be this hard to create an iPad app.
I never thought this rubber band would come in handy when I put it in my pocket this morning.
I never thought we'd end up like this.
I now view life differently than I used to.
I often read the Bible at night just before I go to sleep.
I only eat meat from animals that I have personally killed and butchered.
I plan to buy a new car as soon as I can afford one.
I plan to get a job as soon as I can.
I plan to leave Boston as soon as I can.
I'm pretty hungry since I haven't eaten since early this morning.
I promise you I won't do anything to harm you.
I promise you I won't ever leave you.
I promise you I won't stay out too late.
I promise you I'll come early.
I promise you I'll help you.
I promise you I'll keep you safe.
I promise you I'll look after you.
I promise you I'll never leave you.
I promise you I'll stay with you until your father arrives.
I put some cookies on the table and the kids ate them right up.
I realize I may not be the most desirable man in the world, but I still hope you'll consider going out with me.
I realize that this may sound crazy, but I think I've fallen in love with your younger sister.
I realize the effort you have put into this project and I really appreciate it.
I realized that even though I wanted to eat, I didn't have enough time.
I really like you.
I refuse to be ignored any longer.
I saw a man yesterday eating from a garbage can.
I seldom eat dairy products.
I should go home and get some sleep.
I should have listened more carefully.
I should head out.
I should've listened to what my mother said.
I shouldn't have accused him of stealing the money.
I shouldn't have asked you to do that.
I shouldn't have done that.
I shouldn't have done that. I'm sorry.
I shouldn't have drunk that last bottle of beer.
I shouldn't have eaten that. I feel sick.
I shouldn't have eaten the whole bag of potato chips.
I shouldn't have gone there by myself.
I shouldn't have gotten up so early.
I shouldn't have made you that sandwich.
I shouldn't have put my laptop so close to the edge of the table.
I shouldn't have sent that email.
I shouldn't have sold my car.
I shouldn't have stayed up all night.
I shouldn't have to do all this work by myself.
I shouldn't have to do all this work myself.
I shouldn't have to do that again.
I shouldn't have to ever come back here.
I shouldn't have to go to the dentist again for a while.
I shouldn't have to put up with this noise.
I shouldn't have to tell you to do your homework.
I shouldn't have to tell you to keep your room clean.
I shouldn't have used the word "password" as my password.
I shouldn't have walked home late at night by myself.
I shouldn't have wasted my time reading that.
I sometimes feel drowsy in the early afternoon.
I sometimes feel hungry in the middle of the night.
I still love the way you smile at me.
I still think it's unlikely that he'll come today.
I studied English for four years with a native speaker.
I suggest that you go and see a doctor about this as soon as you can.
I think he ate about oysters.
I think I like eating white rice better than brown rice.
I think I understand the pressures you are under.
I think I'll always love you.
I think I'm going crazy.
I think I'm in trouble with my wife.
I think I'm losing my mind.
I think I'm really in love for the first time.
I think if I talked more often with a native speaker, my English skills would improve quickly.
I think it is morally wrong to eat people.
I think it wouldn't be too hard to come up with a better system.
I think it's a shame that some foreign language teachers were able to graduate from college without ever having studied with a native speaker.
I think it's highly unlikely that I'll ever see my stolen motorcycle again.
I think it's highly unlikely that we'll be able to escape from this prison.
I think it's highly unlikely that we'll ever get any help from the national government.
I think it's highly unlikely that you'll be able to do that by yourself.
I think it's unhealthy to eat more than oranges a day.
I think it's unlikely that a situation like this one would ever occur again.
I think it's unlikely that aliens similar to what we see in the movies have ever visited our planet.
I think it's unlikely that any store would sell this model for that price.
I think it's unlikely that I'll be able to pass my driving test.
I think it's unlikely that plants feel pain.
I think it's unlikely that the next model will be any better than this one.
I think it's unlikely that the next version of Windows will come out before the end of this month.
I think skateboards are usually cheaper than rollerblades.
I think that we should try again.
I think the time is right to introduce this product.
I think there's something wrong with you.
I think this tie will go great with that shirt.
I think we should use our time a bit more constructively.
I think you're the woman I've been waiting for all my life.
I think you should change your eating habits.
I think you've got what I need.
I thought a bunch of people would go water skiing with us, but absolutely no one else showed up.
I thought doing this would be easy, but we've been working all day and we're still not finished.
I thought doing this would be easy.
I thought I'd try eating Mexican food today.
I thought we had eaten everything in the house, but I found another box of crackers.
I thought we were going to go somewhere.
I told the children to be quiet, but they just kept on being noisy.
I told you guys to go home. Why are you still here?
I told you it was dangerous. The reason you got hurt was because you didn't listen.
I told you not to play your cello late at night, but you did and now the neighbors have complained.
I told you not to turn on the lights.
I told you the concert was going to be boring. Why didn't you believe me?
I told you we should've gotten here earlier. Now there aren't any places left to sit.
I tried a piece of cake and it was delicious.
I tried to call you last night, but you didn't answer.
I tried to do my homework, but I didn't really know how to do it, so I gave up.
I tried to keep from crying.
I tried to teach myself how to play the guitar.
I used to be fat.
I used to dream about becoming a model.
I used to dream about becoming a race car driver.
I used to dream about becoming an astronaut.
I used to dream about becoming very wealthy.
I used to dream about being a ballerina.
I used to dream about being a millionaire.
I used to dream about being a successful businessman.
I used to dream about being able to breathe underwater.
I used to dream about being able to play chess really well.
I used to use Twitter, but then found it a bit boring, so I stopped using it.
I usually eat rice with chopsticks.
I usually toss my loose change into my desk drawer.
I waited for you to get out of prison.
I want to feel important.
I want to have fun.
I want to learn to sound more like a native speaker.
I want to learn to speak Hawaiian, so I can impress my girlfriend.
I want to spend some time with you.
I want to tell you something important.
I was accused of eating the boss's lunch.
I was just wondering how it would feel to be punched in the stomach.
I was just wondering how much it would cost to have my car washed and waxed.
I was just wondering how often this kind of thing happens.
I was just wondering how you guys ever got talking about this topic.
I was just wondering if any of you are planning to go to our high school reunion this weekend.
I was just wondering if I could borrow three hundred dollars from you. I can pay you back next Monday.
I was just wondering if maybe there was some more milk in the refrigerator.
I was just wondering if you have any experiences you would like to share with us.
I was just wondering if you have been able to find a place to live.
I was just wondering what kind of pets you have at home.
I was just wondering what languages you can speak.
I was just wondering why you haven't yet turned in your homework assignment.
I was never involved with that scandal.
I was raised eating Mexican food.
I was raised in an orphanage in Boston.
I was raised on the east side of Boston.
I was still eating when the doorbell rang.
I was surprised because my husband actually ate some of our wedding cake.
I wasn't supposed to help my son do his homework, but I did.
I wasn't supposed to tell you that.
I wasn't sure that he would settle for anything less.
I went to the restroom during the intermission.
I will send you a copy of my plans as soon as I can.
I will send you a copy of this picture as soon as I can.
I wish I could afford to send my daughter to an Ivy League university.
I wish I could be more spontaneous.
I wish I could cook as well as my mother.
I wish I could figure out how to beat the system.
I wish I could figure out how to burn a DVD.
I wish I could figure out how to control my appetite.
I wish I could figure out how to delete my Facebook account.
I wish I could figure out how to disable comments on my blog.
I wish I could figure out how to embed a YouTube video.
I wish I could figure out how to finish this project without asking for help.
I wish I could figure out how to fix this.
I wish I could figure out how to get Flash to work on my iPad.
I wish I could figure out how to get my car painted without paying a lot of money.
I wish I could figure out how to get more people to visit my website.
I wish I could figure out how to install this software.
I wish I could figure out how to make more money.
I wish I could figure out how to make this work.
I wish I could figure out how to stop my children from fighting.
I wish I could play the flute as well as Ian Anderson.
I wish I could sing as well as Lady Gaga.
I wish I could speak English like a native speaker.
I wish I could tell you all the details, but my boss told me not to.
I wish I could tell you the reason, but I can't.
I wish my back didn't always hurt so much.
I wish my leg didn't hurt so much.
I wish she would eat what I give her without complaining.
I wish this was all over.
I wish this was over.
I wish we didn't have to do this any longer.
I wish we didn't have to do this anymore.
I won't be running for mayor.
I wonder if it really was a coincidence.
I wonder if my efforts will pay off.
I wonder if something has happened.
I wonder if you ever think of me.
I wonder if you have ever considered going to a specialist.
I wonder if you have ever really cared for me.
I wonder what it feels like to be rich.
I wonder what we'll be doing this time next year.
I wonder why he didn't eat the apple that fell on his head.
I would do anything for you.
I would eat coconut cake every day if I could.
I would like to eat now.
I would never consider building a house in this area.
I'd never testify against my wife.
I'd better solve this problem quickly.
I'd do anything for you.
I'd like to cancel tomorrow's meeting.
I'd like to get to know you better.
I'd like to improve my English skills.
I'd like to know exactly how much money is in my account.
I'd like to know what you're doing.
I'd like to know when you plan to give me back the scissors I lent you.
I'd like to know why you're unhappy.
I'd like to spend the rest of my life with you.
I'd like to thank you for all your hard work.
I'd like to visit Angkor Wat before I die.
I'd like you to come early.
I'd like you to drive.
I'd like you to get me a cup of coffee.
I'd like you to help me gather some firewood.
I'd like you to help me install this software.
I'd like you to help me.
I'd love to come and visit if I had the time.
I'd love to come and visit.
I'd love to hang out with you this weekend.
I'd rather eat something simple.
I'd rather not eat the meat from an animal that was cloned.
I'll always love you, no matter what you do.
I'll be back soon. I have to run to the post office.
I'll be looking for a new place to live as soon as I graduate from college.
I'll be ready in a few moments.
I'll be there as soon as I can.
I'll bring you something to eat.
I'll call back as soon as I can.
I'll come by tomorrow morning.
I'll deliver it as soon as I can.
I'll figure it out.
I'll get there as soon as I can.
I'll give you anything you want.
I'll go and get you a cup of coffee.
I'll go and get you a doctor.
I'll go out and buy one as soon as I can.
I'll let you know the results as soon as I can.
I'll look over your essay as soon as I can find the time.
I'll pay you back as soon as I can.
I'll see you in a bit.
I'll see you next summer.
I'll see you next Wednesday.
I'll see you Saturday.
I'll see you soon.
I'm a high school math teacher.
I'm a non-native speaker of English and realize there is a lot that I still need to learn.
I'm afraid you'll have to learn to live with the pain.
I'm already late.
I'm already so late.
I'm beginning to think that I shouldn't have enlisted in the army.
I'm deeply in love with you.
I'm done with my chores.
I'm done with my homework.
I'm faithful to my wife.
I'm falling in love with you.
I'm getting married.
I'm going to be around tomorrow afternoon, so please drop in.
I'm having trouble with my roommate. He eats all my food.
I'm in no hurry.
I'm just about finished doing the laundry.
I'm just about finished with my homework.
I'm just about finished with the report.
I'm just trying to make a buck.
I'm leaving tonight for Australia.
I'm looking for a native speaker who could help me correct this essay.
I'm looking forward to coming over to your place to eat.
I'm more afraid of them than I am of you.
I'm not a creature of habit.
I'm not going to see you again.
I'm not letting you escape from here.
I'm not made of money.
I'm not much of a singer.
I'm not much of a writer.
I'm not much of an actor.
I'm not sure how often I should be taking this medicine.
I'm passionate about my job.
I'm pretty sure that my cat ate my hamster.
I'm really in love with you.
I'm secretly in love with someone else's wife.
I'm sick and tired of all this bickering.
I'm sick and tired of the way you yell at me.
I'm sick and tired of you always parking in my space.
I'm so excited.
I'm so glad that you asked me to give the opening speech tonight.
I'm so hungry I could eat a horse.
I'm so sorry.
I'm sorry for making you cry.
I'm sorry you got dragged into this.
I'm still in love with you.
I'm sure it wouldn't be too hard to find another place to live.
I'm sure it wouldn't be too hard to find out who hacked into our system.
I'm sure it wouldn't be too hard to learn how to use that application.
I'm thinking there may not be enough time for me to eat before the meeting.
I'm tired of all this nagging.
I'm tired of all your fussing.
I'm tired of fighting with you.
I'm tired of studying. Let's go out for a drink.
I'm tired of talking to you about this.
I'm totally and completely in love with you.
I'm very particular about what kind of people I invite into my house.
I've already bought my ticket.
I've already paid for the first lesson.
I've already tested them.
I've always wanted to be a professional basketball player.
I've always wanted to climb Mt. Fuji.
I've always wanted to go to Boston.
I've always wanted to know what that meant.
I've always wanted to learn how to swim.
I've always wanted to learn to play the oboe.
I've always wanted to meet your younger brother.
I've always wanted to own a sports car.
I've always wanted to play the trombone.
I've always wanted to run a small hotel in the mountains.
I've always wanted to say that.
I've always wanted to see your house.
I've always wanted to sing on stage.
I've always wanted to travel through Europe.
I've always wanted to try to learn French.
I've always wanted to visit Boston.
I've been appointed to help you.
I've been asked to forward this message to you.
I've been asked to give this to you.
I've been asked to help you.
I've been eating the stew that we made a few days ago.
I've been looking for a girl like you.
I've been married three times.
I've been on my feet all day, so I just need to sit down for a while.
I've been requested to help you.
I've been secretly in love with her for years.
I've been thinking about the meaning of life.
I've been told to help you.
I've been trying to teach our baby to eat from a spoon.
I've decided to make something for us to eat.
I've figured out the puzzle.
I've got bucks that says we'll catch the escaped prisoners before daybreak.
I've got really good news.
I've got so much left to do.
I've got something important to discuss with you.
I've had a really tough day.
I've had no problems with my boss.
I've heard it said that it's harder to please a woman than to please a man. I wonder if that's true.
I've heard research has found that men are bigger liars than women.
I've heard research has found that men are more likely to tell lies than women.
I've heard that eating one or two servings of fish a week will reduce your chances of getting heart disease.
I've heard that it's impossible to sound like a native speaker unless one starts speaking the language before the age of twelve.
I've heard that people can eat cat food without any harmful effects.
I've heard that people who eat vegetables and fruit every day are less likely to have a heart attack.
I've just eaten so I'm not hungry.
I've made a list of foods that I can't eat.
I've made a list of people I need to talk to.
I've made a list of things I'd like to buy.
I've made up my mind to give back all the money I stole.
I've made up my mind to go.
I've made up my mind to learn how to play the harp.
I've never eaten a live octopus.
I've never had a student before that behaved as badly as you did today.
I've never met a musician that I didn't like.
I've never met a person that I've disliked immediately.
I've never met anyone who makes me as happy as you make me.
I've never met someone that I love as much as I love you.
I've recently changed brands of toothpaste.
If a man wants to learn to sound like a native speaker of Japanese, he shouldn't only learn Japanese from women. The reverse is true for a woman.
If he eats a big lunch, he usually gets sleepy mid-afternoon.
If I could only play the tuba half as well as you, I'd be very happy.
If I could only speak English half as well as you can, I wouldn't be worried about traveling around the world.
If I don't go to the supermarket, I won't be able to prepare anything to eat this evening.
If I were to study French, I'd prefer to study with a native French speaker.
If only you had helped me yesterday, the problem would have been avoided.
If someone who doesn't know your background says that you sound like a native speaker, it means they probably noticed something about your speaking that made them realize you weren't a native speaker. In other words, you don't really sound like a native speaker.
If something had happened last night, I think I would have heard it.
If we don't get something to eat soon, we'll all starve to death.
If you are caught cheating, you'll be expelled from school.
If you are interested in studying English with a native speaker, please contact me.
If you aren't careful about what you eat, you'll put back on all the weight that you spent so much time losing.
If you ate fewer burgers, you'd probably be healthier.
If you can't go to an English-speaking country to study, perhaps you can find an English native speaker living nearby that can help you learn English.
If you can't visit a country where they speak the language you are learning, find a local bar where native speakers of that language hang out and start hanging out there.
If you change your hairstyle, you could look ten years younger.
If you could live anywhere in the world, where would you want to live?
If you don't make it back in time for the meeting, I'll kill you.
If you don't mind, may we inspect your suitcase?
If you don't start treating people with a little more respect, people may start avoiding you like the plague.
If you ever come back to me, I'll never treat you badly again.
If you ever go to Japan, please visit my hometown.
If you get scared during the night, just turn on your light.
If you look around, you'll see many people doing the same thing.
If you need my help, all you have to do is ask.
If you throw your jeans in the washing machine, I'll wash them for you.
If you want to come for a visit, please do.
If you want to learn a foreign language well, you should speak that language with native speakers as often as you can.
If you want to master a language, you need to learn to think in that language.
If you want to sound like a native speaker, it'll take a lot of work.
If you want to sound like a native speaker, it's easier if you choose one dialect and stick with it. Native speakers don't usually mix dialects in everyday speaking.
If you want to sound like a native speaker, listen to native speakers whenever possible.
If you want to sound like a native speaker, you must be willing to practice saying the same sentence over and over in the same way that banjo players practice the same phrase over and over until they can play it correctly and at the desired tempo.
If you want to sound more like a native speaker of American English, watch more American TV programs and fewer British TV programs.
If you were given ten million dollars, how would you spend it?
If you weren't exposed to a language until you were an adult, you are very, very unlikely to ever sound like a native speaker of that language.
If your company primarily does business with America, then you should be studying English with a native speaker from America.
In 2009, a man in New Zealand cooked and ate his pet dog.
In many countries, whenever a group of people from various language backgrounds get together, English is usually the language that is spoken.
In retrospect, I probably shouldn't have gone there with her.
In retrospect, I should have known that it was a scam.
In retrospect, I should have treated her with more respect.
In retrospect, I think you were right.
In retrospect, it may seem obvious that we shouldn't have been burning our trash so close to our house.
In retrospect, maybe I shouldn't have posted that photo in my blog.
In situations like these, a gun might come in handy.
In situations like these, it's best to remain calm.
In the end, we ended up eating at that shabby restaurant.
In this course, we'll spend time helping you sound more like a native speaker.
Instead of eating real food, we just ate junk food all day.
Instead of eating vegetables, he puts them in a blender and drinks them.
Is eating 1,calories a day enough?
Is eating a clove of garlic every day beneficial to your health?
Is eating between meals really bad for your health?
Is eating cockroaches a bad idea?
Is eating egg yolks really that unhealthy?
Is eating fish as healthy now as it used to be?
Is eating fish every day bad for you?
Is eating fish good for you?
Is eating healthy more costly?
Is eating healthy more expensive?
Is eating less meat a good idea?
Is eating liver bad for you?
Is eating liver good for you?
Is eating meat morally wrong?
Is eating more than eight oranges a day bad for you?
Is eating organic food worth the money?
Is eating organic food worth what it costs?
Is eating people wrong?
Is eating pork a sin?
Is eating potatoes fattening?
Is eating raw eggs safe?
Is eating raw pork really bad for you?
Is eating raw pumpkin safe?
Is eating red meat unhealthy?
Is eating sugar really that bad for you?
Is eating too much fiber bad for you?
Is eating whale meat wrong?
Is it morally wrong to eat meat?
Is it morally wrong to eat the meat from some animals, but not other animals?
Is it OK for some kid to show you up?
Is it safe for children to eat in smoky restaurants?
Is it safe for dogs to eat fish?
Is it safe to eat a pig's eyeball?
Is it safe to eat food that has dropped on the floor?
Is it safe to eat raw fish during pregnancy?
Is it safe to stay here?
Is that the best you can do?
Is there any chance that you have eaten any of the contaminated food?
Is there some place I can lie down?
Isn't it about time for another beer?
Isn't it about time to eat?
Isn't it about time to get out of here?
Isn't it about time to go home?
Isn't it true that you own a gun?
Isn't it true that you visited her on the night in question?
It all happened so fast, I can't really explain it.
It always takes time to get to know someone well.
It doesn't make much sense to me that I have to pay more income tax than you even though you make more money than I do.
It doesn't make much sense to me that we aren't allowed to sit here.
It doesn't make much sense to me that it works well on my computer, but not on yours.
It is best to avoid eating high cholesterol foods.
It just won't be the same around here without you.
It looks like she is a little under the weather.
It looks like the thief came in through the window.
It looks like we'd better leave.
It looks like we're going to be staying here tonight.
It looks like we're in for some nasty weather.
It looks like we're running out of money.
It looks like we're running out of water.
It looks like we're staying here tonight.
It looks like winter is here to stay.
It may seem like a good idea to you, but I think it's a little dangerous.
It may seem like a lot of trouble to go through, but in the end, you'll be happy you did it.
It may seem like a minor thing to you, but for a lot of people this is really difficult to do.
It may seem like an awful lot of money, but it'll be money well spent.
It must be a nightmare to clean this place.
It seemed like a nice idea at the time, but I wish I hadn't done it.
It seemed so real, but I guess it was just a crazy dream.
It seems like just yesterday that we first met.
It seems like just yesterday that you were here.
It seems like summer is finally here.
It seems like the rainy season is finally over.
It seems like we just keep going around in circles, doing the same old thing.
It seems like we're going to be a little late.
It seems like you got up on the wrong side of the bed this morning.
It seems like your only choice is to go.
It seems that the only time he isn't eating is when he's sleeping.
It sounds like you need a new muffler.
It sounds like you need new brakes.
It started raining just as I was leaving home.
It turns out that he often eats at his father's restaurant.
It was fun going to Chuck's Diner with you.
It would be nice if you could make me something to eat.
It wouldn't be too hard to design a new website for you.
It'll take some time, but eventually we'll be able to rebuild.
It'll take some time, but I think we can patch things up.
It's a lot less likely for a Macintosh computer to have a virus than a computer running Windows.
It's all going to be OK.
It's almost impossible to avoid eating genetically modified food.
It's already 11:30. We should turn in.
It's amazing that so many people cross this street when the light is red.
It's because of you that we were able to complete this job on time.
It's because of you that we were late.
It's been reported that some men had killed and eaten some animals that were in the local zoo.
It's dangerous to play with fire.
It's difficult bringing up a child who is not your own.
It's essential that you eat more vegetables.
It's funny how things turned out.
It's getting easier to find audio files by native speakers for almost any language you might want to study.
It's getting late. Let's turn in.
It's good to see you.
It's highly unlikely that our taxes will be lowered.
It's important to take good care of your teeth so you'll be able to eat properly when you get older.
It's kind of difficult to see in the dark, isn't it?
It's likely to get cold tonight, so you may need an extra blanket.
It's not as difficult to find a native speaker to help you with your language studies as it used to be.
It's not necessary to speak like a native speaker in order to communicate.
It's often said that the best way to learn a foreign language is to learn from a native speaker.
It's OK to eat the rest of the cake if you want.
It's possible to eat green beans raw.
It's possible to study English with a native speaker almost anywhere in the world.
It's really dark in here. I can't see anything.
It's safer to stay here.
It's safer to stay right here.
It's time for lunch.
It's time to eat.
It's unlikely she's as clueless as you think.
It's unlikely she's as stupid as you think.
It's unlikely she's that stupid.
It's unlikely that a hacker could get into our website.
It's unlikely that anything serious will happen.
It's unlikely that he did anything wrong.
It's unlikely that I'll have time to finish this project before next week.
It's unlikely that our company will make a profit this year.
It's unlikely that our team will win.
It's unlikely that replacing the battery will fix the problem.
It's unlikely that that movie will make a lot of money.
It's unlikely that the next person who walks through that door will be wearing short pants.
It's unlikely that the typhoon will hit before morning.
It's unlikely that tomorrow's meeting will last over an hour.
It's unlikely that you'll be successful if you don't study a bit harder.
It's unlikely that you'll ever be able to convince him that he's wrong.
It's very unlikely that a serious art collector would ever buy anything from that source.
It's very unlikely that he is actually the same man you met ten years ago.
It's very unlikely that I'll be adding anything new to my website anytime soon.
It's very unlikely that we will ever find a solution to this problem.
It's very unlikely that we will release a new album before next winter.
It's very unlikely that you'll ever see a horse around here.
It's worth a try, right?
Just throw your bicycle in the back of the truck and I'll drive you home.
Knowing how to hot wire a car may come in handy someday.
Knowing where the fire escape is in a hotel may save your life.
Lack of sleep can have an enormous negative impact on a student's grades.
Learning collocations is one step towards sounding like a native speaker.
Let me bring you up to speed.
Let me eat this one and you can eat the other one.
Let me finish eating my sandwich.
Let me give this to you before I forget.
Let me show you how to do that.
Let me show you the way.
Let me tell you a funny story.
Let me tell you a little about myself.
Let me tell you a secret about how things work around here.
Let me tell you a secret.
Let me tell you about a girl I met yesterday.
Let me tell you about what happened.
Let me tell you an interesting story.
Let me tell you everything I know.
Let me tell you how to do that.
Let me tell you my side of the story.
Let me tell you the reasons that I don't agree with you.
Let me tell you what's going to happen if you don't start behaving yourself.
Let me tell you why you shouldn't be here.
Let's do it again.
Let's do this again. It's been a lot of fun.
Let's eat in the park like we used to.
Let's establish some ground rules.
Let's get out of this place.
Let's give up on our plan to eat at that restaurant.
Let's go out and get something to eat.
Let's go over this plan again.
Let's hear the rest of the story.
Let's hit the town tonight and have some fun.
Let's hope that doesn't happen.
Let's hope that we get there on time.
Let's hope the weather is good tomorrow.
Let's just go see him.
Let's order the all-you-can-eat special.
Make a wish.
Many children enjoy eating peanut butter sandwiches.
Many foreign language students dream of speaking like a native.
Many native speakers of Japanese have trouble hearing the difference between B and V.
Many parents think it's important for their children to eat before 8:p.m.
Many people around the world eat three meals a day.
Many people think that antique cars are overpriced.
May I use your eraser? I seem to have lost mine.
Maybe I shouldn't have done that.
Mom says you should get out of bed.
Most days he eats a peanut butter sandwich for lunch.
Most folks ate very quickly and the food soon disappeared.
Most people are very passionate about something.
Most people consider murder wrong.
Most people say that the best way to learn a foreign language is to learn from a native speaker.
Most people studying a foreign language will never be able to speak like a native speaker.
Most people think that it's OK to eat meat.
Most, if not all, people enjoy eating.
My aim is to learn enough English so I don't need to carry a dictionary with me when I travel.
My band will perform this week at Chuck's Bar and Grill. Please come and see us.
My biggest worry is about where my next meal will come from.
My coach eats 6,calories a day.
My coach eats 8,calories a day and never gains weight.
My doctor told me to quit taking aspirin.
My dog ate a paper towel. I wonder if he'll get sick.
My dog ate my homework.
My dog eats grapes.
My dog sometimes eats grass.
My favorite fish to eat is salmon.
My guests have only been here since yesterday, but they've already eaten me out of house and home.
My hope is to give you good food for a low price.
My mother said there was nothing I could do to completely prepare for parenthood.
My mother told me I needed to eat less candy.
My mother told me I needed to eat more vegetables.
My mother tried to encourage me to eat a healthier diet.
My sister's getting married.
My son never eats his spinach.
My stomach is often a bit upset after eating spicy food.
My thirteen year old girl loves to watch romance movies.
My twelve year old boy doesn't like to play baseball.
My two-year-old won't eat some of the healthy food I've been trying to feed him.
Native speakers sometimes make mistakes, but not usually the same kind of mistakes that non-native speakers make.
Next year is an election year.
No matter where you look you can see damage caused by the earthquake.
No matter where you looked you could see damage caused by the earthquake.
Nobody wanted to talk about the incident.
Nothing has gone right all day.
Nothing is forgiven.
Now it's time for you to go.
On a more positive note, we should be making a profit by this time next year.
One of my favorite things to eat is shrimp.
One of my major complaints about the iPhone is that it doesn't support Flash.
One thing I don't like about the iPad is that you can't easily install apps that aren't available through Apple's App Store.
One thing I've always wanted to do is get a decent job close to home.
One thing I've always wanted to do is go camping with my family.
One thing I've always wanted to do is go on a sea cruise.
One thing I've always wanted to do is learn how to cook like you.
One thing I've always wanted to do is learn to fly an airplane.
One thing I've always wanted to do is run my own restaurant.
One thing I've always wanted to do is write a children's book.
One thing you should know about me is that I hate exercising.
One thing you should know about me is that I play poker every Friday night.
One thing you should know about me is that I seldom cry.
One thing you should know about me is that I'm a little overweight.
One thing you should know about me is that I'm obsessed with punctuality.
One way to learn a foreign language is to interact with native speakers of that language.
Onions can be eaten raw or cooked.
Our favorite place to eat is that small restaurant on the corner.
Our mother had no choice but to make dinner with leftovers.
Our only witness is refusing to testify.
Our security cameras are fake.
Our survival depends on finding drinking water soon.
Over the last month, I have eaten Chinese, French, Italian, Greek, Hungarian and Mexican food.
Parents warn their children not to eat food given to them by strangers.
Parsnips, squash, carrots, peas and sweet potatoes are considered starchy vegetables.
People often lie about what they did on the weekend, so their friends won't realize how boring they really are.
Perhaps this pocketknife will come in handy someday.
Please continue eating. Don't worry about me.
Please do your chores before you go out to play.
Please don't walk so fast.
Please give me a break.
Please have a look at this book.
Please keep your cynical remarks to yourself.
Please put the potato chips in the bowl. Don't eat them directly from the bag.
Please remind me to go to the doctor's tomorrow.
Please tell me what you heard.
Please tell us the rest of the story.
Please turn off your engine.
Pour me another cup of coffee and I'll eat another doughnut.
Ready or not, here I come.
Ready or not, the exam begins in ten minutes.
Ready or not, we have to be on stage in five minutes.
Ready or not, we have to leave right now.
Recently, a lot of people are losing their jobs.
Recently, you've been depressing to hang out with.
Rice is usually eaten with chopsticks in Japan.
Right after I graduated from college, I went into the army.
Running away isn't the answer.
Salmon is my favorite fish to eat.
Save me a seat.
She makes sure that her family eats a balanced diet.
She showed her guests how to eat what she had prepared.
She told me she loved me.
She told me that she loved me.
She was crying last night.
She was working last night.
She's eating for two.
Show me your new filing system.
Since I live near Canada, I'd prefer to learn the kind of French spoken in Canada.
Since I'm no longer young, I can't do that anymore.
Since there are usually multiple websites on any given topic, I usually just click the back button when I arrive on any webpage that has pop-up advertising. I just go to the next page found by Google and hope for something less irritating.
Skipping classes can have an enormous negative impact on your final grade.
Some animals eat their young.
Some days seem to just drag on and last forever.
Some non-native speakers think they speak the language better than native speakers.
Some of us might be willing to go.
Some of us plan to visit you in the near future.
Some of us will be at your party.
Some people consider it a waste of time to study languages such as Klingon, Interlingua and Esperanto.
Some people eat sushi with their hands.
Some people keep a food diary to keep track of things they've eaten.
Some people say that eating carrots will improve your eyesight.
Some people say that eating late at night is bad for your health.
Some people say that it is human nature to root for the underdog.
Some people say that you shouldn't check your email first thing in the morning.
Some people think eating at home is better for you than eating out.
Some people think that it is difficult for a native speaker of English to learn Chinese, but I disagree.
Some people will not eat fish with milk.
Somehow, you look different today.
Someone is lying.
Something you should know about me is that I half of what I say is meaningless.
Something you should know about me is that I sleep late in the morning.
Something you should know about me is that I spend a lot of time reading.
Something you should know about me is that I stay up until late at night.
Something you should know about me is that I travel a lot and am seldom home.
Something you should know about me is that I want to become an actor.
Something you should know about me is that I'm a creature of habit.
Something you should know about me is that I'm addicted to computer games.
Something you should know about me is that I'm afraid of heights.
Something you should know about me is that I'm deeply in debt.
Something you should know about me is that I'm very much a country boy at heart.
Something you should know about me is that my greatest fear in life is that people will find out that I'm poor.
Something you should know about me is that when I get angry, I get quiet.
Sometimes I think I'd be better off dead.
Sometimes I think I'll never be on my own. Both of my parents always seem to need my help.
Sometimes I wonder if I shouldn't have become a lawyer.
Sometimes I wonder if I shouldn't have stayed in Boston.
Sometimes it may seem like we're not making any progress.
Sometimes it's just best to avoid topics that might be controversial.
Stress can have an enormous negative impact on your health.
Thank you for giving me something to eat. I was really hungry.
Thank you for listening.
Thank you for your time.
Thanks for showing me how to do that.
Thanks for showing me the way.
Thanks for stopping by.
That couple spends quite a bit of money eating at nice restaurants.
That doctor specializes in helping those with eating disorders.
That dog tries to eat just about anything he lays his eyes on.
That experience left a bad taste in my mouth.
That pair of pliers came in handy.
That politician claimed that he only ate local farm products.
That psychiatrist specialized in eating disorders.
That shirt looks good on you.
That smells delicious.
That was a really good call.
That was one of the best grilled cheese sandwiches I've ever eaten.
That was the most unforgettable meal that I've ever eaten.
That's a pretty strange-looking bracelet you're wearing.
That's amazing!
That's not how I feel.
That's not interesting.
That's not possible.
That's not real.
That's not true.
That's ridiculous.
The best cookies I've ever eaten are the ones that your mother baked for me.
The best salad you'll ever eat is the one they serve with their lunch special.
The boy I saw searching through the garbage can said that he had not eaten anything for four days.
The cake was all eaten up before I got home.
The coach called off the game because many of the players were down with the flu.
The coral reef is the region's prime attraction.
The doctor told me to eat fewer high-calorie snacks.
The doctor will be here in a minute.
The flame went out.
The food athletes eat is just as important as what kind of exercises they do.
The game is over.
The good news is that we'll be able to help you.
The good news is that you don't have cancer.
The good news is that you're not going to die.
The hungry birds were eating from the bird feeder.
The iPad would be a better product if it could handle Flash.
The iPad would be a perfect solution for me if it could properly display web pages with Flash content.
The man, who had not eaten for three days, had trouble thinking about anything except food.
The more countries a language is spoken in, the less important it is to sound like a native speaker, since speakers of that language are accustomed to hearing various dialects.
The one and only dessert my son eats is chocolate cake.
The only people standing in front of the building are policemen.
The only thing he eats is candy.
The only thing on the table that I normally wouldn't eat is that stuff on the yellow plate.
The only way I can eat oatmeal is with a lot of sugar.
The police found some blood on the floor.
The police haven't yet caught the person who committed this hideous crime.
The police left without finding anything.
The police still have no leads.
The price of this camera is very high.
The price of this computer is very low.
The prince thought the young girl had been eaten by a dragon.
The year after I graduated from college, I was finally able to find a job.
The young couple ate off the same plate.
There always seems like there is something to do.
There have been a lot of complaints about your behavior.
There are so many interesting things going on.
There are some things we can change if we choose to change them.
There are some things we can change if we only try.
There are some things we could've change, but we chose not to.
There doesn't seem to be anyone living around here.
There have been a lot of complaints about kids skateboarding in front of the school.
There have been a lot of complaints about that policy.
There have been a lot of complaints about the high prices at the pumps.
There have been a lot of complaints about the lack of police protection.
There have been a lot of complaints from consumers that our products don't last as long as we claim.
There have been a lot of complaints from students about the amount of homework that Mr. Jackson gives.
There have been a lot of complaints in the last few days about the amount of noise coming from your apartment.
There have been a lot of complaints recently about drivers not obeying the speed limits in downtown Boston.
There is a museum just north of the zoo.
There is no smoking allowed on our campus.
There is no time to argue.
There sure were a lot of unhappy people there on that day.
There was a crack in my tennis racket, so I sent it out to be repaired.
There was a half-eaten apple near the kitchen sink.
There were just barely over houses in the village we passed yesterday.
There were many things that bothered me about that contract.
There were many things that I didn't like about that movie.
There were many things that I thought were important at that time that I no longer believe are important.
There were many things that needed my attention, so I didn't get home until after midnight.
There were many things that needed to be done before we could leave.
There were many things that we needed to do to prepare for our trip.
There were many things that we simply didn't have time to do.
There were many things that we wanted to do, but we never got around to doing many of them.
There were no fingerprints on the knife.
There's a fire in the building. We have to evacuate immediately.
There's a man with a gun in his hand standing at the door.
There's a party going on in the next room.
There's danger that the levee will break. We have to evacuate immediately.
There's no point going there now. I'm sure they are closed.
There's nothing I wouldn't do for you.
There's nothing that can keep us apart.
There's nothing that can stop us now.
There's nothing that can't be done if we work together.
There's nothing to be scared of.
There's probably somebody in that old house.
There's something about this bookstore that just makes people want to come back again.
There's something about this translation that isn't quite right.
There's something happening here that I don't quite understand.
There's something I have to let you know right away.
These are my favorite pair of shoes.
These books aren't for children.
These books aren't just for children.
They ate turkey on Thanksgiving Day.
They eat fish on Fridays.
They rushed the woman to the hospital after she ate a lightbulb.
They say that a family that eats together, stays together.
They say that eating more slowly is one way to eat less.
They say that in America anyone can become president, but perhaps that's not really true.
They thought it would be too expensive to build a factory here.
This camera is very expensive.
This computer didn't cost much.
This device may come in handy.
This dictionary might come in handy.
This is a pretty amazing place.
This is everything I've ever wanted.
This is our secret. Please don't tell anyone else.
This is the best birthday dinner ever.
This is the best tasting pear I've ever eaten.
This is the first time for me to eat here.
This is the most beautiful beach in the whole world.
This just might come in handy someday.
This may just come in handy someday.
This phrase might come in handy.
This suitcase is too heavy for me to carry.
Three missionaries were killed and eaten by cannibals.
To improve your fluency, you should try speaking with native speakers as often as you can.
Today is our last day of school.
Toss your gun on the ground.
Toss your gun over here.
Unless you started learning English as a child, you're unlikely to ever sound like a native speaker.
Until that day, I had never eaten dog meat.
Until you admit that you were wrong, I'm not going to talk to you.
Vegetarians eat vegetables.
Wait till the guys at work hear that your wife left you for another woman.
Was that you at the door?
Was that you in the car?
Was that you on TV last night?
Was that you who called late last night?
Washing your hands regularly is a good way to prevent catching some diseases.
We all know that eating a balanced diet is good for you.
We appreciate everything you have done.
We ate a delicious steak dinner at a very expensive restaurant.
We ate cotton candy at the state fair.
We ate dinner together every night.
We ate until we couldn't eat any more.
We ate until we were full.
We ate until we were satisfied.
We believe the time of death was 2:p.m.
We don't need any more volunteers, but we could use some more money.
We ended up going home early.
We ended up not getting there on time.
We had a little trouble with the equipment yesterday.
We had to alter our plans because we didn't have enough money.
We have more than enough time to spare.
We have no choice but to give up the whole plan.
We have no choice. I guess we'll have to walk.
We have no reason to believe that prices will be increased.
We have to live with the consequences of our actions.
We have to live with the consequences of our choices.
We have to make the most of this situation.
We love you so much.
We made good time since the traffic was light.
We need to figure out what works and what doesn't work.
We only sell top quality products.
We should pay more attention to environmental problems.
We shouldn't have to be dealing with this problem now.
We started with students. Now we have more than 200.
We'll eventually find a solution to this problem, I think.
We're just about finished for the day.
We're just about finished here.
We're just about finished with this job.
We're so proud of you!
We've had a lot of complaints about how you treat your classmates.
We've searched everywhere. There's nowhere else to look.
Were you really playing chess at 11:last night?
What am I supposed to do after I finish doing this?
What am I supposed to do now?
What am I supposed to do with this money?
What am I supposed to do with what you gave me?
What am I supposed to do?
What are some foods commonly eaten in America?
What are some foods you can eat to lower your cholesterol?
What are some foods you shouldn't eat if you are pregnant?
What are some high cholesterol foods that you can easily avoid eating?
What are some of the health benefits of eating fish?
What are some of the most popular foods eaten in Spain?
What are some of your favorite movies?
What are some things you are passionate about?
What are some things you like about your hometown?
What are you doing here so late at night?
What are some of your favorite TV shows?
What brand of shampoo do you use?
What can I do to help you?
What can I do to sound more like a native speaker?
What do horses eat?
What do Japanese students usually eat for lunch?
What do the prisoners eat?
What do they know that we don't?
What do they want us to do?
What do you call your mother?
What do you consider your greatest achievement?
What do you have to complain about?
What do you need me to do?
What do you think the audience wants?
What do you usually eat for breakfast?
What does being a good mother mean to you?
What does everyone do after school?
What does it cost to build a new house in this neighborhood?
What does it feel like to always have people following you around?
What does it feel like to be famous?
What does it mean when a girl winks at you?
What does it take to get a little help?
What does it take to get some service here?
What does money mean to you?
What does seem clear is that we need to spend more money on this project.
What does that even mean?
What does that have to do with me?
What does that mean?
What does this have to do with our current problems?
What does this look like to you?
What does this paragraph mean?
What does USB stand for?
What does what happened last night have to do with what's happening today?
What does your mother call you?
What does your spouse like to do that you don't like to do?
What doesn't kill you makes you stronger.
What foods do you avoid eating?
What foods should a diabetic not eat?
What foods, if any, do you avoid eating?
What I don't understand is why the children aren't being allowed to play outside on such a nice day.
What in the world happened?
What insects have you eaten?
What is one food that you could never give up?
What is the best way to learn to speak English like a native speaker?
What is the strangest thing you've ever eaten?
What is your favorite fish to eat?
What is your favorite holiday?
What kind of animals live around here?
What kind of beer do you like to drink?
What kind of changes do you want us to make?
What kind of equipment is installed in the classrooms?
What kind of fool do you think I am?
What kind of house do you live in?
What kind of information are you looking for?
What kind of person would do that kind of thing?
What kind of person would forget to pick their children up after school?
What kind of person would spend so much money on a bicycle?
What kind of person would treat their pet that way?
What kind of question is that? Do you really expect me to answer that?
What kind of threat do terrorists really pose?
What kind of training have you had?
What kind of work do you do?
What really surprised me most was that I was the only one who got fired.
What should I do in a situation like this?
What should I do in this situation?
What should I do with the books on the table?
What should I have done in that situation?
What sort of danger are we in?
What sort of people hang out at a place like this?
What sort of person would do that kind of thing?
What sort of things do you do on weekends?
What surprised me most about that accident is how fast the lawyers arrived on the scene.
What surprised me most was that she didn't like candy.
What surprised me most when I first entered college was how few of my classmates knew how to study efficiently.
What time of year do you usually like to spend time on the beach?
What was that sound?
What we ended up learning was that the meat had been contaminated.
What were you like when you were fifteen?
What will it take to get you to vote for me?
What will losing the war mean to us?
What would you do in a situation like this?
What would you do in that situation?
What would you do in this situation?
What'll you do if you can't find enough food to feed your family?
What're you doing here?
What're you doing today?
What're you getting all excited about?
What's that supposed to mean?
What's the grossest thing you've ever seen eaten in a movie?
What's the most disgusting food you've ever eaten?
What's the worst thing that could happen?
What's wrong with the way we did it?
What's wrong with what we did?
What's wrong with what we were doing?
When did you get here?
When did you learn to drive?
When I got out of jail, I had no intention of committing another crime.
When I got out of jail, I wanted to patch things up with my wife.
When I got out of jail, the first thing I bought was an economy car.
When I got out of jail, the first thing I wanted to do was to eat at my favorite restaurant.
When I got out of prison, I couldn't find a job anywhere near my home since no one would hire an ex-con.
When I got out of prison, my ex-wife and I got remarried.
When I got out of the car, I felt like I had been here before.
When I study a foreign language, I like to study with a native speaker of that language.
When I was growing up, I never imagined that I would become famous.
When I woke up, I found I had been tied up.
When is it OK to tell lies?
When my doctor told me to eat more vegetables, he didn't mean french fries.
When my father went into the hospital, I had to put everything on hold.
When speaking to an international audience, it is perhaps best to speak English a little slower than usual.
When was the last time you ate a burrito?
When was the last time you ate a home-cooked dinner?
When was the last time you ate dinner with your parents?
When was the last time you ate shrimp?
When was the last time you told your wife she was beautiful?
When we are together, I forget all the unhappy times we've had.
When we are together, time seems to stand still.
When we entered the shack, we saw a half-eaten pie on the table.
When we started out designing web pages, we were the only ones doing it in this part of the country.
When we started out in 2008, we wrote down a list of people that we wanted to hire, then went out and hired them.
When we started out in 2009, I was convinced that our store would become one of the best in the city.
When we started out in the summer of 2010, there were only three of us in the band.
When we started out in this business, many people said that we would fail.
When we started out, our band could only find small clubs in small cities that would hire us.
When we started out, there were things we didn't know.
When we started out, we didn't really know what we were doing.
When we started out, we had only dollars between us.
When we started out, we only had six employees.
When we started out, we realized that if we didn't have a good product, we wouldn't succeed.
When we started this business, neither one of us had had any experience.
When you love someone, you'll do anything to make that person happy.
Where did you find such an ugly hat?
Where did you find your key?
Where did you get that piece of wire?
Where did you get those strange-looking shoes?
Where have you been all my life?
Where were you at the time of the murder?
Where were you when the explosion occurred?
Where were you? We've been looking all over for you.
Which foreign language do you think is the easiest for native English speakers to learn?
Which would you rather eat tonight, beef or pork?
Who do you think that man is?
Who do you think the murderer is?
Who do you think would do such a thing?
Who do you think wrote that graffiti on the wall?
Who helped you pay for your college education?
Who in the world do you think you are?
Who would do such a thing?
Why are the police here?
Why did Adam eat the forbidden fruit?
Why did we have to come on this tour? It's really boring.
Why didn't she tell me?
Why do Americans eat turkey on Thanksgiving?
Why do children lie to their parents?
Why do many Catholics eat fish on Fridays?
Why do people not always tell the truth?
Why do people tell lies?
Why do some people burp after they eat?
Why do some people consider it morally wrong to eat meat?
Why don't we fire everyone and hire a group of new people?
Why don't we go ahead and start the meeting?
Why don't we go out and get a little fresh air?
Why don't we go out and get something to eat?
Why don't we go somewhere and get something to drink?
Why don't we have enough food for everyone? I thought you went shopping this afternoon.
Why don't we just reformat the hard disk? You've been having a lot of trouble with it.
Why don't we just sit and rest a while?
Why don't we settle the matter once and for all?
Why don't we sit down and talk about it?
Why don't we talk about something else?
Why don't we think about this for another week or so?
Why don't you just leave?
Why don't you leave me alone?
Why don't you try eating this?
Why is eating too much salt bad for you?
With all your money, you should be able to buy just about anything you want.
With your experience, any company would hire you right away.
With your skills, I'm sure it wouldn't be too hard to find another job.
With your talent, you should be able to make a lot of money.
Without the risk of pain, there can be no happiness and joy.
Would you eat the last cookie on the plate if other people were watching?
Would you ever consider dating your best friend's ex-boyfriend?
Would you ever consider getting a tattoo?
Would you ever eat a cockroach?
Would you ever eat live maggots? What about if I gave you $1,000?
Would you ever go skinny dipping?
Would you like for me to do that for you?
Would you like me to call you a cab?
Would you like to be considered for the job?
Would you like to get married and have children?
Would you like to get together again next weekend?
Would you like to go out and get something to eat?
Would you like to go to the park later this afternoon?
Would you like to hear about what I did last summer?
Would you like to hear the story about Paul Bunyan?
Would you like to know how to prevent getting wrinkles?
Would you like to learn to speak English like a native speaker in two weeks?
Would you like to see some photos of my trip?
Would you like to see your husband grow a beard?
Would you like to see your wife lose a little weight?
Would you like to sit in the front?
Would you like to spend some time together this evening?
Would you like to stay with us next summer vacation?
Would you like to swap jobs?
Would you like to talk to a lawyer?
Would you like to talk to the manager?
Would you like to visit the White House someday?
Would you prefer to go to the zoo or go to a movie?
Would you prefer to speak in English?
Would you rather be blind or be deaf?
Would you rather drink wine with your mother or your father?
Would you rather go fishing or go hunting?
Would you rather have a cup of coffee or a cup of tea?
Would you rather play tennis or golf?
Would you rather read a novel or watch a movie?
Would you rather visit Boston or Chicago?
You are a good customer.
You are not to leave this room without my permission.
You are the kind of guitarist I like to sing with.
You can always use some extra cash.
You can count on me for a one thousand dollar donation.
You can download audio files by native speakers from our website.
You can have the rest of the fries.
You can have the rest of the pie.
You can have the rest.
You can listen to audio files by native speakers on our website.
You can't always get what you want.
You can't do that here.
You can't do that here. In fact, you aren't allowed to do that anywhere.
You can't eat here.
You can't hang out here.
You can't just keep throwing your money away on this kind of thing.
You can't park here. However, there is a parking lot just around the corner.
You can't sleep here.
You don't have to eat it if you don't want to.
You don't have to sound like a native speaker in order to communicate.
You don't have to stop reading just because I'm here.
You don't have to study all day. You should go out and have some fun.
You don't know how to do it, do you?
You don't know what it is, do you?
You don't know what to do next, do you?
You don't need to sound like a native speaker in order to be understood.
You don't need to sound like a native speaker to be understood.
You have no idea how important this job is to me.
You have no idea how important you are to me.
You have no idea how tired I am of all this complaining.
You have probably never heard of me, but I'm famous back home.
You have to answer all of these questions.
You have to pay taxes.
You know that your English is good when people stop complimenting you on how good your English is.
You look amazing.
You look beautiful.
You look European.
You look exhausted.
You look fantastic.
You look funny doing that.
You look hot today.
You look Japanese.
You look like you're about to cry.
You look like you're in pain.
You look like you're really tired.
You look like you've just lost your best friend.
You look so good that I could kiss you right now.
You look upset.
You look wonderful tonight.
You may not be in the mood to hear this now, but I need to tell you something important.
You may not learn to speak as well as a native speaker, but you should be able to speak well enough that native speakers will understand what you have to say.
You may stay here for the night, but you'll have to leave in the morning.
You might as well just enjoy life.
You might want to come over and play poker with me and my friends next Friday evening.
You might want to try going on a diet.
You might want to try studying in the library.
You might want to try working out a bit.
You need to eat vegetables every day.
You never can tell what kind of job you might find.
You never can tell what some people might buy.
You never can tell what will happen.
You never can tell what you might find at that store.
You never know when this might come in handy.
You only really need to sound exactly like a native speaker if you want to become a spy.
You probably eat genetically modified fruits and vegetables all the time without knowing it.
You probably haven't yet finished your homework.
You probably think this song is a little too slow.
You probably think you know how to do this, but let me explain it once more.
You promised me that you would make something for us to eat.
You really do play tap dance quite well.
You really do play the marimba quite well.
You really do speak English quite well.
You say you want to go to Boston? Why in the world would you want to go there?
You should always wear a seat belt when you are riding in a car.
You should avoid binge eating.
You should avoid tight fitting clothes if you are pregnant.
You should cut down on the amount of fattening food that you eat.
You should keep your windshield clean.
You should make sure your children are eating enough.
You should obey all traffic laws.
You should wash fruit before you eat it.
You shouldn't always do what everyone else seems to be doing.
You shouldn't always follow the crowd.
You shouldn't drink and drive.
You shouldn't eat any fish that come from this river.
You shouldn't eat garlic before going out on a date.
You shouldn't eat raw snails.
You shouldn't get near my dog while he's eating.
You shouldn't go around telling lies about people.
You shouldn't have gone there by yourself.
You shouldn't let your girlfriend borrow your iPhone.
You shouldn't share too much private information on the social networks.
You sure have a beautiful garden!
You sure have a lot of MPfiles!
You sure have a lot of nerve!
You sure have a nice singing voice!
You would look stupid wearing your mother's dress.
You'd be better off without me.
You'll be dead someday.
You'll get plenty of chances to meet girls when you go to college.
You're a really good cook.
You're a really good guitarist.
You're a very good dancer.
You're a very good guitarist.
You're a very interesting person.
You're going to have to deal with that.
You're home early, aren't you?
You're probably tired after such a long flight.
You're really a good cook.
You're really a good driver.
You're really a good photographer.
You're really a good singer.
You're the most incredible person I've ever met.
You're the one I've been dreaming of.
You're the one I've been waiting for.
You're the one I've been wanting to meet.
You're the only person I can trust.
You're the only person I know besides me who is actually interested in this kind of thing.
You're the only person I know besides me who likes medieval music.
You're the only person I know besides me who likes to do that.
You're the only person I know besides me who really understands this problem.
You're the only person I know besides me who would prefer to live in a tent.
You're the only person I know besides myself who doesn't like watching baseball.
You're the only person I know here in Boston.
You're the only person I know in Boston.
You're the only person I know that doesn't like bananas.
You're the only person I know that has ever visited Boston.
You're the only person I know that likes getting up early in the morning.
You're the only person I know that never complains about the food here.
You're the only person I know that owns a gun.
You're the only person I know who can help me.
You're the only person I know who can probably answer this question.
You're the only person I know who doesn't knock before entering my office.
You're the only person I know who doesn't take some kind of medicine at least once a week.
You're the only person I know who has a sports car.
You're the only person I know who's my age.
You're the only person I know who is qualified for this job.
You're the only person I know who regularly gets my name wrong.
You're the only person who ever calls me after 10:p.m.
You're the only person who ever comes to visit me.
You're the only person who shows me any respect.
Your English is grammatically correct, but sometimes what you say just doesn't sound like what a native speaker would say.
Hey, Ayako! Please speak louder.
Hey, Ayako! Please speak more loudly.
Hey, Ayako. Please speak up.
I am not the least bit happy with this e-book revolution.
He said that he didn't know.
He said that he doesn't know.
Is it going to snow tonight?
I've always thought that a heart attack was nature's way of telling you that it was time to die.
I'm proud of working with you.
She's too young to get married.
Nothing's impossible for God.
He lives in a small town by Osaka.
She told me about the evils of stealing.
We've got two cats - one is white, and the other's black.
Whatcha making?
This is a post office, and that's a bank.
I overslept because I woke up late.
I'm planning to buy a mobile phone tomorrow.
There's no need to cry like a baby.
Trust me.
I'm taking a book.
I'm taking the book.
I see the Mr. and the Mrs.
The gentleman was standing in front of the bank.
The book's white.
How many barbers work in this barbershop?
How many hats do you own?
He didn't pay attention to what she said.
Everything that lives will die sometime.
The beautiful, black-haired girl was in the park.
I need to get one.
I need to buy one.
I calmed down upon finding out that the operation was successful.
You're not a child anymore.
Don't understand a thing.
What was your mother doing when you came home?
It's very difficult to translate this word.
It was cold and we got a fire going.
He's no doctor.
Is that love?
He's not tall, but strong.
The missing child was found in two days' time.
The plants suffered damage from the frost.
This is a crazy house.
I sent it out yesterday, and so you should get it tomorrow.
This is my house.
Tomorrow's a holiday.
My friend seems serious to me.
What'd you get up to this week?
What did you do this week?
Each wood has its smoke.
"Human stupidity is endless", I say, and for this self-criticism, I consider myself an exception.
Nowadays, the fourteenth century's debate about the Eucharist sounds completely arcane.
Long before Darwin's theory of evolution, Buffon had surmised that species evolved very slowly under different material circumstances.
In Hawaii, we can enjoy swimming in the ocean all year round.
Get down a peg or two!
Where can I find a telephone box?
Hello, could you tell me where a telephone box is?
The three hyenas sat in a circle, reasoning with one another.
I just bought an extremely expensive cabin boat.
Australia is smaller in size than South America.
The dress I like most is the black one.
Welcome to Tatoeba, tequila, sex and marijuana.
A sneeze leaves your body at forty miles an hour.
Elvis Presley is alive!
New technologies are being developed that will be able to control how genes express themselves.
The man is naked.
After a while, corn flakes in milk will become soggy.
The anthropologist is piecing together pottery shards she unearthed at the excavation site.
He wants to kiss her.
Nothing in the world is stronger than the will to survive.
"We think Justin Bieber is a beautiful female singer.", haters said.
I can't fly.
I found a very nice place today.
We love picnics.
We really like picnics a lot.
Nobody does it better.
She died at the age of 54.
Where do all of you live?
Nobody is too old to learn new things.
I got what you mean.
I'm years old.
This watch needs to be repaired.
This watch needs to be fixed.
This watch needs to be repaired. It gains minutes a day.
This watch needs to be fixed. It gains minutes a day.
Did that accident really happen last year?
I've nothing to fear from someone as pigeon-livered as him.
The madness has yet to begin.
This is hard.
It's really stressful.
Don't worry. I'll take care of it.
In my opinion, Esperanto is very difficult.
Thanks God, Apple is dumping that Flash crap!
The Icelandic government works on its own and doesn't care about the people.
Malay nationals and a Filipino were killed in the Davao bombing on Mindanao.
The new version of Tatoeba will allow linking people, and even editing them!
Researchers at the university of Paderborn have established that it took up to hours of English learning for a French speaker to speak English correctly. Given that there are weeks of classes in a year and with hours of lessons every week, 20.years of study are thus necessary for a French person to speak good English.
Don't act like a prat with me.
My mother from Malaysia thinks that those three horses are so-so.
Have you ever been to the end of the world?
This girl has a pretty face. My heart melts from looking at it.
The Russo-Turkish wars span about four centuries of history, conflicts and diplomatic setbacks.
The most experienced pilots have logged many thousands of hours in the cockpit.
No expense was spared in the construction of the Smith's dream home.
The soldiers advanced on the enemy's position under cover of darkness.
How is that question germane to what we're discussing?
My older sister was grounded for coming home too late last night.
My uncle's blog posts about his travels in Thailand have piqued my interest in Asian culture.
In this next slide we see an aerial shot of the company headquarters.
The cops like the victim's boyfriend for the murder.
I was flabbergasted to hear that she died of a drug overdose. She always seemed like such a straight arrow to me.
Adobe and Apple both have top-notch video editing programs.
For the intelligent, a hint is sufficient.
In any case, it's too late.
He's two years my junior.
He's two years younger than I.
Water will freeze at zero Celsius, right?
She likes to go for solitary walks.
She likes to go for walks alone.
He made it to the classes on time.
Any one of you want to come here and redo what I did?
The police didn't find anyone's traces.
The cops didn't find anyone's traces.
Do you prefer the apple or the pear?
In the year the atom bomb was dropped on Hiroshima.
We're talking about a contagious disease.
He's definitely somebody clever.
The meeting will be held annually.
I'm getting thinner.
He swore to quit smoking.
Play me some Chopin.
I was born in Osaka in the year 1977.
I want to hike up this mountain.
She needs this.
Life's short.
I'm sorry, but where are the eggs?
He gave me a sign to keep quiet.
He dozed off under the tree.
He fell asleep under the tree.
We've got plenty of time.
Do you like San Fran?
My dad owns a lot of books.
His car is the latest model.
I've got enough money for a car.
Won't you tell me what time it is?
I wasn't feeling very well.
That's simple.
This is simple.
Everyone who knows him respects him.
Fate errs not in judgment.
I'm drunk.
In that case, we've got a problem...
And don't deny yourself anything.
He fell into a deep slumber.
Playing cards is interesting.
I like swimming in the sea.
I like going swimming in the sea.
I like to go swimming in the sea.
I'm not an early bird.
Did you know that John's father died of a heart attack?
She's beautiful regardless what she wears.
Dust off the shelf.
Lucy called already?
Has Lucy called yet?
Where's the nearest metro station?
Where's the closest metro station?
When I got back, I found my car missing.
We're suffering from an unbearable heat wave for the second week straight.
The section chief accepted the offer.
What should we cook?
You're in my way!
I wouldn't have done that in your place.
I wouldn't have done that if I were you.
One wonders how it's possible.
Well, look at that!
Poverty is the mother of all vices.
All kinds of food and drink are delicious and good for you, but you have to know when, where, and in what quantity.
It's so pointless to ask for something that you yourself can get!
The mind always loves to tack on to something, and when it doesn't have anything good for that purpose, it turns to the evil.
A woman is capable of failing to notice the hundred things that you've done her, and to address only the one that you haven't.
Rumors of defeat were circulating.
I've got a plastic glass.
I've got a plastic cup.
I love the great outdoors.
I've got a few friends.
She resides in New York.
I didn't want that to happen.
I didn't want that.
That's why: what's allowed is allowed, what's forbidden is forbidden, what's impossible is impossible, and what's possible is that which is allowed.
Yes, I'm in a hurry.
Yes, I'm in a rush.
Are you in a rush?
The meaning of life for most people fits into three letters: ESS - eat, shit, sleep.
There are so many people in the world who are incapable of outgrowing the level of their stomach!
That which the Russians can only laugh at, the Europeans can take seriously.
I guess that tomorrow I'll be completely bald.
You shouldn't have paid with that account.
Atua is the god for many in Oceania.
Life worked out.
I let him spend the night in my house.
I love studying history.
It was hot in the room.
Do you have a Japanese journal?
Gold's heavier than iron.
Does your head hurt?
Fear nothing.
I listen to the radio while in transit.
Do the Germans have any other concerns in life apart from consumerism?
Who's that boy swimming over there?
I forced him to carry the suitcase.
I usually prefer to pay with credit card and not with cash.
Where could I find someone to help me?
Is there any place that could help me even slightly?
That woman's got two bags.
"Please, sit down," he said.
I apologize for having to leave.
I lost track of the conversation.
There aren't any chairs in this room.
The tickets for the concert are on sale here.
I turned down the idea of going for a walk and stayed at home.
Something happened to my right eye.
The town where I was born is beautiful.
How are you going to solve this problem?
It's because of you that I'm an invalid.
Tom knows how to operate practically any mode of transportation.
Yesterday I saw him walking through the city.
You need to follow me.
This suit's too thin for me.
Which train are you going to take?
Which train goes to the center of town?
Which train is going to the city center?
When will her marriage ceremony be held?
When are you going to finish this?
Maybe you're right, after all.
Tom, having worked all day, wanted to take a rest.
Many people of Slavic origin have names ending with -sky.
He betrayed his friends for money.
The farmer ploughed his field all day.
I don't speak Spanish.
She made her husband an apple pie.
She baked her husband an apple pie.
In Massachusetts, a man is not allowed to marry his wife's grandmother.
Last night was very hot and muggy and it was difficult to sleep.
Last night was very hot and muggy and I didn't sleep very well.
Last night was very hot and muggy, so I didn't sleep so well.
You can run, but you can't hide.
In 1683, the Turks besieged Vienna for the second time.
She is on death row.
I wonder whether a man could live with only two hours' sleep a night.
Tom has been on death row for three years.
Tom is one of the more than 3,inmates on death row.
There are pretty shutters on either side of the front windows.
Please correct the errors.
Just because you didn't know about it doesn't mean it didn't happen.
Just because you didn't know about it doesn't mean it is a lie.
France is a vibrant democracy.
She was poor, but she was honest.
The policeman fined him.
Forty euros for a scarf? You don't have anything cheaper?
These prices are outrageous!
You know a few things about your family?
It is possible for us to know what has been achieved in the past, but it is not possible for us to change it. And it is possible for us to change the future, but it is not possible for us to know what will be achieved in it.
At what time do you exit from the office?
Could you show me that?
I want to say something to you.
He tried to conceal his ineptitude in a not-so-deft sleight of hand.
No one could deny this.
I have lost my watch, so now I have to buy another one.
I don't like to see you shouting in her face.
On which bed would you like to sleep?
Have you tried to play baseball before?
Are you preventing me from smoking here?
I want to know.
I believe what you said is true.
Maybe what you said is true.
I want to know your opinion.
The horse stopped and refused to move.
I want to go to Japan.
Remember this!
To raise one's name in later generations and thereby glorify one's parents, this is the greatest expression of filial piety.
Keep this in your mind!
"The French language flows." "Yes, like diarrhea flows."
Creating Tatoeba was a good idea.
It was a good idea to create Tatoeba.
I didn't think I'd meet you here.
Won't you come to the party tomorrow?
Aren't you coming to the party tomorrow?
I'm studying French and web design.
We're studying French and web design.
He's studying French and web design.
She's studying French and web design.
They're studying French and web design.
No one likes war.
John is at the airport.
I phone Thomas.
Let's meet on Tuesday.
How much is it per box?
Write the address and the home phone number.
Andrew meets Linda at school.
I gave the milk to the cat.
I sent this letter to grandfather.
Only Naoko drinks coffee.
Eve drinks only coffee.
I only study in the library.
I'll watch TV at home or something.
Lets play video games or something.
About how many hours does it take by car?
I can't drink coffee.
I want to learn Korean.
My apartment is quiet and clean.
The computer is in the library.
It's got cold.
Yumi keeps getting better at Korean.
You had a good weekend, didn't you?
Friends come back to the library to study.
You understand Korean, don't you?
The weather got cold.
My hair is getting long.
Canada is really big and there are lots of people.
I feel stuffy.
Most would acknowledge that he was a sparkling young man.
He's a real stud.
It's way too hot inside...
Should you go to Scotland, would you please bring me back a wild haggis? Thank you.
He sought serenity, closeted in study, remote from the wear and tear of the world.
Translating this sentence will be very easy.
Translating this text will be very easy.
I want to meet the teacher.
I want to eat Korean food.
What kind of movie do you want to watch?
What do you want to eat this weekend?
Does Jenny want to go home?
Does John want to see a Korean movie?
His post is merely a huge con.
I wanted to read a book.
I wanted to go to China.
Finally, we arrived in England.
Zip up!
Button it!
Shut your gob!
Peter wanted to become a doctor.
Get stuffed!
Thomas is watching a movie.
Jessica was singing a song.
The professor is making a phone call.
Mom is making a cake.
I will probably get up early tomorrow.
I wonder what I should make for dinner.
The roof lets in rain.
Which university do you think Ted will go to?
You can't pay too much for good shoes.
I wouldn't like being a judge.
I wouldn't want to be a judge.
Truth is pure, but truth is painful. No sane, selfish person would ever accept things for what they are. Such is the masochism inherent in "truth".
This is a very, very rare problem.
Because of that virus, many elephants lost their lives.
It was hot in every sense of the word.
Is she your only daughter?
It's a misunderstanding.
Is everything ready?
These are not your forks.
Manuela's dresses are very elegant.
Manuela's clothes are very stylish.
These chairs are not comfortable.
A rising tide raises all boats.
Haven't you seen the doctor?
He made up his mind quickly.
He made up his mind right away.
I demand that he leave at once.
There's something rotten in the state of Denmark.
I take that as a compliment.
This girl I wouldn't take to the altar, at best to the hotel...
He's born from a Jewish mother and a Muslim father; this helped him much to develop a kind of openmindedness.
The butcher cut up the calf's carcass.
Put on your skates, I just waxed the wood floor.
When I opened the door, I found her naked, stretched on the sofa.
I'm thinking of learning Korean next semester.
I'm also thinking of going to Korea.
I'm thinking of having dinner at 5.
Maybe he will arrive tonight.
God doesn't play dice with the universe.
Let's unfold the map on the table and discuss it.
Today is a good day to die.
I will accept your decision, whatever it will be.
Give me a metal bucket with oil.
He had a son named Qian.
You must learn from your own mistakes.
Please do not write in this library book.
Suni is playing.
The mountain is green.
In the style of conceited people, he lards his sentences with ill-digested English words. A kind of failed dandy, deprived of class.
She hung her head low in shame.
A book fell from the shelf and landed squarely on its face.
Do you feel up for a game of chess?
I just found out that my boyfriend has been stepping out on me.
He's got a rap sheet as long as my arm.
A judge will issue a search warrant only if there is probable cause.
Any murder is gruesome but this one was especially heinous.
The spinning top skidded across the floor.
Tickle her nose with a feather while she's sleeping and see if she wakes up.
Flip to the back of the book for the index.
iTunes has turned out to be a real cash cow for Apple.
Someone should notify the next of kin.
My grandfather taught me the good habit of squirreling away money for a rainy day.
If you get bit by a rabid dog, you'll need a tetanus shot.
The car's antenna is built into the windshield.
Black smoke spewed out of the third-story windows.
I didn't have to open the letter. I knew exactly what it said.
You can't fire me because I quit!
How often do you see your godparents?
Dilma Rousseff is the current President of Brazil.
Calina needs to go back to the doctor next week. And while I'm on the subject, don't forget to pick up her prescription on your way home from work.
You shouldn't laugh at his mistakes.
Let's just begin.
There are many more yuan millionaires in the world than euro millionaires.
I was late for the meeting because of a traffic jam.
My uncles live in London.
Which is the most difficult language in the world?
Swahili is written using the Roman writing system.
Which writing system is the most difficult in the world?
What's the name of the highest mountain in that country?
Extreme is my decay.
The defenders checked the onslaught by the attackers.
In two moves, Kasparov will check the challenger.
The rough terrain checked the progress of the hikers.
Try to check the flow of water by turning the valve.
The boxer needs to check his aggression.
Check the enemy's progress before they reach the town.
The chess player put his opponent in check.
I live to eat, and I don't eat to live.
Each human being is an individual.
Next time you'll pay for it!
You've been the best dog one could desire!
Please contact me by mail.
Professor Brown explains things very well.
This seasoning has a bitter taste.
Nothing new on the Western Front.
Does she have a dog? No.
It's surprising that you haven't heard anything about her wedding.
She has a very beautiful laugh.
She's not confident about the future.
Do whatever it is that he tells you to do.
The affair is ending well.
The heavens do not err.
Call me if you find something.
The people who reside here are our friends.
This word doesn't translate very well.
Ken leaped over the wall.
Ken leapt over the wall.
Speaking English isn't easy, but interesting.
I've got a pair of sunglasses.
She's not a good person.
The stories that circulated about the old graveyard were contradictory, but nevertheless made your heart freeze.
I prefer black- and red-colored clothes.
This is the fastest car in our showroom.
Where's the nearest museum at?
Please wake me up at six tomorrow.
Don't drink too much, okay?
There were rumors about a misfortune.
He doesn't look well. Probably drank too much last night.
A samurai without a sword is like a samurai with one, but only without one.
His salary is too low to support his family on.
The prefectural police is trying to find out what conflict took place between the father and daughter following the family dinner.
I got this dress for pretty cheap.
Yesterday I was ill.
The reduction of subsidies to the Cultural Heritage sector requires the adoption of a new paradigm.
After death my soul turns into nothing.
I'm waiting for him to get back.
What's John doing right now?
Let's have a look.
He who looks for excuses doesn't have any chances for success.
Give me food for thought, and I will find food for my stomach!
Her old cat is still alive.
I have a hunch boracasli is using a second account.
You're not a serious mathematician unless you crumple up a piece of paper in frustration every twenty minutes, look off into space, and appear to be questioning your very existence.
Stop stalling and do what I told you.
He is the spitting image of his father.
There comes the train.
The file has been sent.
The file is corrupt.
Her remark got on my nerves.
Don't let children play in the road.
If you create sentences in Turkish and Estonian on Tatoeba, there's a large chance that you're boracasli.
Don't waste your youth, otherwise you'll regret it later.
You must prepare yourself for the worst.
Is she the lady who was dressed in blue?
"I've never thought about this," said the man. "What should we do?"
It makes things easier if your matrix is sparse.
The best way to predict the future is to create it yourself.
Let's get one thing straight. You and I are not friends. We're allies against a common enemy.
I'm looking for an easy-to-read manga with furigana.
I think that it's you.
You drive me nuts!
What is Aaronic Priesthood?
If God is with us, then who is against us?
Love conquers all.
Friends, Romans, countrymen, lend me your ears; I come to bury Caesar, not to praise him.
I swim almost every day.
Please come this way.
Take it, please.
In the tenth century, the city of Shiraz already held a library that reputedly featured a copy of every known book at the time.
What are you pointing at?
The house was surrounded by fields.
He wore a pullover sweater to keep from getting cold.
I have the key of Paradise.
Excessive work saps your strength, you need to rest for a bit.
This is not a fair act.
When did it end?
How many letters are there in the English alphabet?
This soup needs a bit more salt.
"You hit me out of hate." "No, I hit you out of love," answered the girl.
I'd like to meet with her.
She's concerned about your safety.
She's worried about your safety.
She's worrying for your safety.
Where are the book and pencil? The book's on the table, and the pencil's on the windowsill.
This book's new.
All the old journals have been sold.
All the old magazines have been sold.
All the old magazines are sold out.
I love both cats and dogs.
Are you studying or are you working?
I am not understanding what the author is trying to say.
She's rich but miserable.
The pain was unbearable.
Tomorrow is another day, but it won't be here until tomorrow!
I'll support him.
He had the gall to ignore my advice.
He dared ignore my advice.
When you start to look like the photo in your passport, it's time to go on vacation.
There was a heavy rain yesterday.
It rained heavily yesterday.
As soon as I got home, I went to bed.
Upon getting home, I went straight to bed.
I'm so tired!
I'm so worn out!
My father left me a large inheritance.
They are happy with your plan and for you to proceed with writing your material.
If we pool our resources, it'll be that much easier to solve the problem.
It's been hundreds of years since just one person could grasp the whole of scientific knowledge.
If you scale the image up it might pixelate.
Pushing that button will make the object pivot around the y axis.
A trust fund has been set up for each of the children.
Prices are going to rise still further.
I'm halfway through this crime novel.
Barry Taylor's name was put forward for the position of president.
Your hypothesis is completely unrealistic.
There are lots of theories about the origins of language, but, in fact, no one really knows.
Can you recommend a good dictionary?
I guess right nine times out of ten.
Ankara wasn't built in a day.
That's true, too.
I'd like Quim Monzo to autograph my book, but I'm too ashamed to ask him.
What did you get hit with?
What did they hit you with?
You need a lot of water.
She was busy with the housework.
I would like it if we could spend more time together.
"Here's the Robert's reply." "You mean Robert's?" "No, it's the Robert. There's only one."
Burn this letter after you finish reading it.
You see that chick over there? I got a boner just from looking at her.
She's always grumbling.
They are great friends.
Tell them that someone was asking for them here.
We spent the whole evening talking to them.
Have you seen our museums? What do you think about them?
Have you seen their new apartment?
This is not our car, it is theirs.
That house is the place where I was born.
Could someone please comment on this sentence?
No one should be a judge in his own cause.
I cross the railroad tracks every morning.
He crosses the railroad tracks every morning.
We cross the railroad tracks every morning.
Trying to teach a fool is like providing medical treatment for a dead man.
He is a hero.
Oh how warm the water in the sea is!
Fred took a liking to Jane and they started seeing each other.
I'm not home on Sundays.
Football is my favorite sport.
The wind ripped the roof off our building.
I don't understand what the author is trying to say.
Come back home.
I'm tired of making the best of things.
Great boast and small roast.
Are we nearly there yet?
By freeing thought from its object, Descartes made it possible to view the latter in strictly mechanical terms, reopening the way to science, suffocated for more than fifteen centuries under religious nonsense.
That guy is a real weather vane: he constantly changes his mind.
Time and space are one body, mind and things sustain each other.
First France, then Iraq.
It's easy, maybe even feasible.
I switched to Google Chrome and it worked.
I would never have found as short an explanation.
He suggested that we take a short rest.
This bike belongs to my little brother.
Do you have a moment?
This CD belongs to my son.
She was wearing a strange hat.
Ignorance does not protect against punishment.
I could not come to your birthday party.
She profited from her stay in London and considerably improved her English.
Mr. Smith lived in Kyoto for three years.
During the summer, I will go to France.
Dick passed me the photo.
Julius Caesar, this great Roman hero, was assassinated.
He is truly sick.
He's had many unhappy experiences.
I used to drink a lot of cola, but now I drink only water.
Your father's friends aren't his only supporters.
I am extremely confused by this. If this is what we call 'the Way of Heaven', then is it right or is it wrong?
Do you read something besides the Bible?
Books have a fate of their own.
Love is blind, but jealousy can see even nonexistent things.
One's point of view depends on the point where one sits.
Are nations the last stage of evolution in human society?
This file has been compressed.
A TXT file is a text file.
A WMV file is a video file.
An MPfile is an audio file.
I can't open SWF files.
I have nothing to lose.
I won't lose anything.
The question of free will is a prickly conundrum to religion.
What have I done?
The US judicial system and press are incredible: One day you're a poor examplary housewife, victim of a rape, the next, you're an illegal immigrant, having committed perjury and being suspected of whitewashing drug money.
Let's make it three o'clock.
Christopher Columbus once engaged in a debate with the Divine Celt. It would become the only contest that Columbus ever lost.
During the US presidential election of 2004, the candidate John Kerry had to hide that he spoke French.
It's not what is beautiful that is expensive, but what is expensive that is beautiful.
It's good to be able to concentrate single-mindedly on one's work. But one becomes completely forgetful of the people around oneself.
My best friend dances really well.
You can't see the forest behind the trees.
Tell them that there was someone here looking for them.
You think that it will work?
You think that it will do work?
The rescuers searched the surroundings in hopes of finding the child.
I love music, particularly classical.
The Moon is the Earth's only satellite.
The country code for Italy is +39.
I dare say that he's right.
I think that it's going to rain soon.
Haven't I already told you about this before?
If you're going to act like an idiot, then you're going to be treated as one.
How many students are there in your university?
I forgot about that.
After my childhood, I was never sick again.
The way she talks gets on my nerves.
The anticipation is always worse than the calamity.
Stop pretending to not understand.
He became friends with her while in the U.S.
He met her while in the U.S.
May all of your wishes come true!
Mr. Smith lived in Kyoto three years ago.
I've got two brothers and a sister.
Do you get the impression that all of our politicians are too old?
Don't you think that all our politicians are too old?
I didn't say my last word!
No, I'm not suffering from asthma. I'm moaning in lust!
Our milk speaks Piedmontese.
Scotland's anthem is called "The Flower of Scotland".
Scotland has set itself on a course to obtain independence from London.
The current national anthem of Georgia was accepted in 2004, when Saakashvili came to power.
Afghanistan and Iran both changed their national anthems several times in the course of the 20th century.
The text of the national anthem of Canada was first written in French.
How do you usually speak in your family?
That's the law.
This is a law.
Yesterday, I bought a book.
The dog bit my hand.
Lojbanistan is on the border with Esperantujo.
My father's in the garden.
Do you need keys?
Nonsense.
We are equal in the eyes of the law.
He tried, in vain, to borrow a large sum of money from them.
I'm the oldest of the students in my class.
Each opportunity to hate the French and to let them know is good to seize. If additionally you can take one for a ride, it's even better!
Tom is not as young as I am.
I made him carry the briefcase.
You might be right.
I'd like to get information regarding a number of questions.
He is like a frog in a well.
Are you happy now?
We slowly putrefy.
Droplets are falling on my laptop computer.
What happened on that memorable day?
The fine grammar points behind the izāfa have mystified the world to this day.
The train station will be closed from tomorrow.
Do you think that Steve Jobs would have been as successful as he has been if his last name were "Joobs" instead?
She's not from here. She was born out of country.
A person's way of looking at something depends on his situation.
How one views something depends on one's situation.
Your way of looking at something depends on your situation.
Thousands of dead fish have been found floating in the lake.
"Mein Kampf" is a book by Adolf Hitler.
All you have to do is push this red button.
We should never judge people by their appearance.
They met at the estate of the shogun's retainer to play a game of cards.
In January of that year, we saw snow for four days, from the fourteenth to the seventeenth.
The theory of games shows that what we name "moral principles" are no other than the strategy elements enabling the group to optimise its survival. Men like to dress their eagerness under the guise of charity.
If your parents like your job, then it's shit.
Throw the shovel!
You are so sweet!
I like the Brazilian climate.
My father's a doctor.
One's new. The other's old.
You're going to be my son-in-law.
The children on the beach are building a sand castle.
Some came by bus, and the others - by train.
Senor Smith was announced as the new president.
Vacation's already over.
I never said that!
Would you mind speaking a little louder?
He's standing before the door.
He's standing in front of the door.
I'll bring you happiness.
Do not cross the road when the green man is flashing.
Please call a taxi for this lady.
She's not from here. She was born abroad.
I turned my steering wheel to the right.
When will your train arrive in Kyoto?
What class do you have first period?
I had bad results this year.
I handed him a map.
Time is like a river; it does not return to its source.
The conquered are always wrong. History considers nothing but their defeat.
So, you want her back now?
From a lexical point of view, Esperanto appears as an Indo-European language, but structurally it is an isolating language, likewise Chinese.
We have always been friends.
Life itself is the tomb where I'm turning over.
If you were to ask your banker where he invests his money, you would also have to ask your dentist to open his mouth so you could examine his teeth.
The rain is letting up.
She believes in the stork.
Condillac, with sensationalism, revolutionised the concept of mind, making language and gesture prior to ideas, shattering Locke's conception of language as a mere passive medium.
I write daily in my diary.
Life is the grave in which I'm turning.
Writing is a deeper sleep than death.
He was given the benefit of the doubt.
I never saw so big a whale.
I've never seen such a large whale.
I've never seen a whale that big.
He's Mr. Brown, the chairman of the committee.
I don't know for certain when he'll come back.
I'm not sure when he'll come back.
I don't know when he'll come, but when he does, he'll do his best.
My nose is really big, and it's crooked as well.
If Kyosuke comes to visit, tell him I'm not in. I don't want to see him anymore.
Please just leave me alone.
That station will be retired as of tomorrow.
He proposed that we take a small break.
Let's start the party when he comes.
When he came, I was writing a letter.
Dick tried in vain to solve that problem.
I can't go until he comes.
Until he comes, I can't go.
May I have a moment of your time?
You are my eye candy.
You are a feast for my eyes.
This drink's flavor is obviously that of tea.
This drink clearly has the same flavor as tea.
His fart smelled.
Of course he was familiar with jazz.
This problem is only of secondary importance.
I am learning Japanese.
It looks like it will start pouring any second now. Better take an umbrella.
He's at the office.
So, I didn't call for any particular reason; I just wanted to hear your voice. If you're busy, I'll let you go.
I'm learning Basque.
I'm teaching Basque.
If you understand, then do it properly.
I love me some chocolate.
He was getting increasingly anxious.
My canker hurts, so I can't really eat.
Cutting a cake into equal pieces is rather difficult.
Oh, thanks! How thoughtful.
I have no idea what that guy is thinking.
Besides, do we marvel at Naples?
What will we become?
It's not right for you to do something bad just because someone else has done something bad.
Where's the loo?
It's better to go senile while you're still young. It'll save you the trouble of having to do it later.
Tomorrow, I will ask him.
Stop carping!
Stop kvetching!
Her face turned pale.
It's probably OK.
When can we see each other again?
The term ‘milonguero style tango’ was coined in the early 1990s to describe the style of dancing tango that was prevalent in the milongas of downtown Buenos Aires in the 1950s.
Emphasizing its postural lean characteristic, the term ‘tango apilado’ has often been used as a synonym for 'tango milonguero'.
I like to use frameworks when I program because they save me time on repetitive tasks.
He would be a very sad man, seeing his dream come to naught.
The lost boy was identified by his clothes.
The boy who had been missing was identified by his clothes.
The identity of the boy who had been missing was verified by the clothes he was wearing.
We have to make savings.
Please don't be so surprised that I'm speaking this language and listen to the content of what I'm actually saying.
Did you know that July is the International Kissing Day?
They do not preach by name or designation.
Suddenly, I saw a beautiful bird.
What makes the classics both intriguing and fascinating is that they're near enough that we can feel the similarity and they're distant enough that we have to do some work to bridge the gap.
You should be able to read this book easily.
What did you say yesterday?
It's obvious that he's wrong.
It's obvious he's wrong.
Tom has lived in Boston for more than a year.
Tom plans to live in Boston for more than a year.
It's been more than a year since Tom has visited Boston.
I think it'll take more than a year to finish building our house.
Tom hasn't seen Mary for more than a year.
Tom hopes he doesn't have to live in Boston for more than a year.
Tom doesn't want to live in Boston for more than a year.
Tom was glad he didn't have to live in Boston for more than a year.
This is not a cat. This is a dog.
It is not the strongest of the species that survive, nor the most intelligent, but the one most responsive to change.
I'll keep it in mind.
Genius is infinite patience.
The search for "river" returns a warning that the search is illegal on Chinese Internet these days.
Today the bus drivers are striking.
The bus drivers are going on strike today.
What don't you know?!
French is too hard. I don't want to learn it.
She is upset.
The monkey, having thrown coconuts at all of the animals as a means of amusement, could not understand why he was suddenly being chased out of the jungle.
My bicycle has a punctured tire.
I trust Ken.
I rely on Ken.
I have confidence in Ken.
Everyone in Cuba likes it.
His crime deserves the death penalty.
How quickly does the bird fly?
The bird flies amazingly quickly.
He saw the bird in the tree.
Your dog was born this year.
Which year was your dog born?
We have enough money to buy this CD.
He doesn't come to work because he's ill.
It's well-known that spiders are not insects.
Do you sell this type of wallets?
Can you please tell me where the nearest church is?
This phrase will be translated.
People who talk use their voice to express their ideas, and people who write books note down what other people say.
Don't let others do what you yourself don't like.
One kilogram of tomato sauce is equivalent to two kilograms of tomatoes.
The road here slopes up slightly.
The road here elevates slightly.
What's waiting on us?
Nobody appreciated his sacrifice.
He held her close.
This person sold his soul to the devil.
Maybe she knows the answer.
Can this news be true?
He who starts ten tasks won't finish a single one.
This can't be true.
Not on my desk!
Anyone knows this travel agency?
I never expected such a nice hotel in a place like this.
I never expected to find such a nice hotel in a place like this.
My family is not all that large.
My family is not that large.
My family isn't such a big family.
He is nice to me.
He is friendly to me.
She knows ten times more English words than me.
It's a question of life or death.
Some of them have committed suicide.
Ah if only we had just problems with the raising of lambs!
And thus the lion fell in love with the ewe.
The document grants full powers to Manuela.
I would love to come with you all, but I don't have any money.
This chapter is the heart of the novel.
Will you come with me to the concert?
I'm at the main lecture hall right now. Udo's already here as well.
This car is fully loaded.
Did you bring a hair dryer?
Don't be so narrow-minded!
They would have got a better exchange rate if they had gone to a bank.
I need someone to talk to.
Tell me when to begin.
His youngest son is five years old.
Ideas are not responsible for what men do of them.
Who has come?
Who's this oddball?
It is still too early.
I'd rather die than betray my friends!
He is a kind person.
The blue roses are very beautiful.
He stood agape for a moment in front of the painting, surprised at its realism.
I want to know how he planned this.
Why can't he get the point?
I hope that the jet lag isn't going to disturb my sleep schedule too much.
She's my godmother.
I'm going with you to Hanover.
Even my grandma can send a text.
I am compelled to do it.
That cat is brown.
Do you like strawberries?
Are you alright?
She's not from here. She was born in another country.
We shouldn't judge people by how they look.
We shouldn't judge people based on their appearance.
You shouldn't judge others on how they look.
French is too hard, so I don't think I want to learn it.
It's a well-known fact that spiders aren't insects.
Could you please tell me where the nearest church is?
Don't write in library books.
You shouldn't write in library books.
Zucchinis are green.
Wow, this brings back memories. This is a picture of when I was five years old.
Automobile transmissions have grown in sophistication over the years.
Taking a hot bath helps me take my mind off my worries.
It was made to look like an accident.
Believe me, everything he's told you is a crock.
The following was inspired in part by a true story.
She vacated the apartment a month ago and left no forwarding address.
She's the breadwinner in this family.
Why did you go over my head on this?
She knows more than she's letting on.
Don't be a wuss!
He told the boss some cockamamie story about being sick and needing days off from work.
Rules are meant to be broken.
"You never know, she might tell him the truth." "Yeah, fat chance!"
Notice how the hero in an action flick never seems to run out of ammo?
Better to err on the side of caution.
The congressman has been in the spotlight ever since his untoward remarks about African Americans.
Follow the stars.
I don't want to hurt her.
"All Quiet on the Western Front"
This is a photograph of my home.
Turn big problems into small ones, and make small problems into nothing.
I agree with his suggestion.
After you take the medicine, your stomachache will be much relieved.
What is the population of New York?
This is a horse.
So that's why!
This sentence has to be proofed.
My right leg was injured in that accident.
You mean you didn't tell him anything?
Cain was evil.
Do you know her father?
This dog is mine.
Why don't you come over to my place?
Could you bring us the bill, please?
Would you give me your work number, please?
Two large coffees, please.
Can you tell me the code for Paris, please?
I'll give you a lift if you like.
What happens in your country?
It's stuffy in here.
Could you drop me off at the library?
I'd like to phone the parents.
When did starship captains develop the habit of … talking like … this?
Despite his achievements, he is very humble and doesn't boast about them.
The weather service has issued a severe weather warning.
The Met Office has issued a severe weather warning.
How are your parents?
Is Mr Parker in today?
We only got this stock delivered today.
Please, come in and sit down.
May I ask how old you are?
I don't want to belong to the elite at all. It's already enough for me to be the best.
You're such an idiot!
The son of Heaven, when sacrificing, wore the cap decorated with twelve pendants of jade beads hanging down before and behind, and the robe embroidered with dragons.
How many times a week do you take a bath?
He knows everything.
She knows everything about cooking.
I suppose you love him.
I suppose you love her.
I suppose you like it.
They've defused the bomb successfully.
You can use my dictionary.
The Korean vocabulary is composed of three components: native words, Sino-Korean words and loanwords.
Berlin is a German city.
We went to work at sunrise, and quit work between sundown and dark.
Context is important.
Today is my birthday.
I'm still thirsty.
One cannot help liking the best things of one's home.
I speak a little Slovenian.
Raskolnikov is the protagonist of the book "Crime and Punishment", written by Dostoevsky.
She is living in the middle of nowhere.
They drink a lot of lemonade.
How much is this tour per person?
You put in too much pepper.
I'll make some coffee.
I put some milk in my coffee.
He put milk in his coffee.
Would you please turn on the air conditioner?
There is no wine in that bottle.
There isn't any film in this camera.
There's no film in this camera.
There are various kinds of candy in that bowl.
Sally is two years older than Ken.
There's not even one orange on the table.
The tape recorder was on the table.
There was a tape recorder on the table.
He'll go to the hospital today.
I would so much love to see you.
What he said surprised me.
It would have been nice if you had helped me a little.
Would you have helped me a little, it would have been nice.
She stumbled over a wheelbarrow.
Goethe claimed, "one who cannot speak foreign languages does not know one's own language either".
I'm sorry that you can't come this evening.
Work is due to begin tomorrow.
I'm beginning to miss my girlfriend.
I feel really respected.
I teach kids from nought to five years old.
I must have expressed myself badly.
Do you often go to the church?
And does your son drive?
Please repair this.
Please fix it.
Please correct it.
Champagne, please.
That is outside my purview.
Please come here.
Could I have some more coffee?
Please give me a dozen cream puffs.
Please help me take this down.
Please move the chair. It's in the way.
The radio is too loud. Please turn the volume down.
Would you like another piece of pie?
He's just a liar.
Summer isn't over yet!
I don't know who my ancestors are. Our papers got lost during the Flood.
The only thing you can learn from history is that you can't learn anything from history.
The word "outage" is an outrage.
The fight continues!
To attend is important!
Attending is important!
You better not have eaten that pie!
I've heard of him, but I don't know him personally.
He could always tell which direction the wind was blowing.
I wonder what will happen.
I read the book.
Learning Korean is difficult.
I work at the supermarket on the weekends.
He gave an explanation about why he had been absent.
He gave an excuse about why he had been absent.
I'm going to slug you in the gut.
He dedicated himself to research.
Why did you buy the flowers?
Why did you buy a flower?
The capital of the United Kingdom is London.
I'm in Portugal.
I'll do what you ask.
Dirty house, dirty floor.
I bought a rare macaw in Araraquara.
I want to buy a new car.
I learned how to drive when I was fifteen years old.
You'd better not eat that cake!
You're in trouble if you ate that cake!
What she said is wrong.
That watch is very nice.
Excuse me, but I'm looking for the post office.
Grammar is very complicated.
The shit has hit the fan.
Who can translate the difference between noise and sound?
I go home.
There wasn't much traffic.
She loves me more than him and she loves me more than he.
Sorry, I won't do it without a condom.
Sorry, I won't do it without a rubber.
After I had thought about this elementary question fundamentally, I came to the conclusion that the difference, which is often described as "considerable" or "substantial" by distinguished people, between the indispensable words "important" and "essential" isn't significant, but rather is irrelevant.
Such languages as Russian, Polish, Czech and Bulgarian have common Slavic roots.
Because there was traffic, I was late to the meeting.
Since Chiro is a cat, he doesn't like lychee.
It's not OK to smoke here.
This summer is chilly.
I made a big mistake when choosing my wife.
Take an egg from the fridge.
Is it only about money?
I used to collect coasters.
It was awesome to meet you in real life!
We met at the Place Broglie.
What's the plan?
He didn't find the bedclothes.
Trang asked if she could share my bed.
I shared my room with sysko.
If there existed a market for sentences, our grammatical speculations would suddenly make sense.
Today I have neck pain.
The head of your penis is sticking out of your belt.
I persuaded him to consult a doctor.
I do work related to computers.
Raisins are dried grapes.
Is this a tax-free shop?
We are two of a kind.
We are very similar.
He read the poem with a loud voice.
Poverty is the root of all evil.
I really trust his ability.
I have confidence in his abilities.
I have mosquito bites all over my arm.
I've been bitten by mosquitos all over my arm.
About how many books do you have?
We have a lot to do.
When I got up, the sun was already high in the sky.
It's not an exaggeration to say that Mrs. Smith is addicted to TV.
Bears often scratch their backs on the bark of trees.
I got this book from him.
I often travel.
Many cancer patients lose their hair because of chemotherapy.
She works for French intelligence.
Have you already read this book?
He invited me to a party.
He invited me to the party.
Bob has the habit of going to bed at 10:00.
Bob always goes to bed at 10:00.
I lived overseas for ten years.
I am not a rhinoceros, I am not a tiger, but I am led into this barren wild...
He spoke in a broken English that was hard to understand.
The wild horse was finally broken by the patient trainer.
The silence was broken by a loud cough.
She drew a broken line to show where the property ended.
His broken health led them to put him in the nursing home.
I've started Android programming.
I'm developing an Android application.
Do you know how to use these command line tools?
I'm wondering what to cook for dinner.
The police is coming!
Mafia is a type of criminal organisation.
I'm going to watch a movie.
Would you like another wedge of pie?
The dream is over.
I got a book in the mail today.
May I have your name and address?
I have no sisters.
Do you by any chance have some aspirin?
I get up at 7:00.
I've got a provisional licence.
He died recently.
My mother is two years younger than my father.
This monkey plays a part in a monkey show in Ryogoku.
They live in the projects.
I love you, silly.
Pharamp wishes Trang good night even though she knows that she is not in bed at this hour.
Trang, when are you going to update Tatoeba?
The devil is hiding in the classroom.
May I use a credit card?
He speaks ten languages.
The seventy disciples received the teaching of Confucius in the oral form, for words that satirize, criticize, praise, conceal, suppress, or ridicule cannot appear in writing.
I have a burning desire for tartiflette.
Sirius is one of the stars on the flag of Brazil.
Sirius is the brightest star in the night sky.
A league originally referred to the distance a person or a horse could walk in an hour.
What is the use of mathematics?
Don't shout, the neighbours will hear you!
He promised to reward me for my work.
It may seem obvious, but sentences you write yourself look the most natural.
He often goes with her to watch movies.
I will arrive on May.
He came back two days late.
It's going to rain soon.
The things he says are not the least bit important.
The things he says are entirely inconsequential.
Without the slightest hesitation, he sold his own car.
When did you go to London?
He stopped for a quick cigarette.
Don't mess me around!
That was three days ago.
Is it too salty?
We are used to living in a big city.
Knowledge of foreign languages is useful for everyone.
The President died unexpectedly.
The text has been heavily edited.
It rained for days.
He arrived at school exactly on time.
What time does the train arrive at Yokohama?
This is a book worth reading.
He is on goods terms with all of his classmates.
I really like these stories.
This isn't the type that I like.
The hunter shot and killed the fox.
If you want to, you can use my car.
Other people aren't interested.
I like to eat chocolate flavored ice cream.
In the end he achieved his objective.
You lent me your shoulder for support.
Can you teach me to play chess?
I'm very grateful for everything you've done for me.
My father is in the habit of reading the newspaper before breakfast.
Are you able to prove it?
I don't understand what you guys are saying.
At the time, we were very tired.
We were very tired at the time.
I really like travelling.
My phone is out of battery.
Old cows eat tender grass.
Old women like dating young men.
Where can you buy a ticket to get in?
She keeps her hair long.
He speaks poor French.
He is the same age as me.
He just got home.
Instead of posting here, use Twitter.
Food, clothing and shelter are the foundations of survival.
It's not a toy!
It's a kinda ridicule unnecessary fibonacci-syllabic-heap.
I hate people who have feelings.
It amazed us that she had been to Brazil alone.
Can you teach me how to play a ukulele?
There are no waves without wind.
There's no smoke without fire.
He always opens the window when he goes to sleep.
The leaves on the trees rustle gentle in the wind.
Canada's crime rate is decreasing.
They look American.
I pride myself on my humility.
This is an example of humanoid.
This soil is moist.
He told me that women play chess and tennis well.
There's an orange on the table.
Culture is like a parachute: if you don't have it, you crash.
Everything is expensive here.
The man had a punctured lung.
She is a bitch.
Wild rabbits can be seen in the forest.
It would be good to sleep, even for just a little bit.
I'll spare you the details.
Somehow I slept all day today.
Will you pray for me to be happy?
I already read all the Harry Potter books.
I can't promise a reply, but you can send mail to me.
I'm still sleepy.
No, I really don't like it that much.
I'm going to sleep in about an hour.
Lately I've been sleeping at night, from like or to or so.
I want to send a present for his birthday.
I want to give him a present for his birthday.
Milk? Sugar?
Don't forget about me!
Gold doesn't rust.
Copy this, please.
Is my aunt's ex-husband my ex-uncle?
"Let's go to the movies next time." "What makes you think there will be a next time?"
"What did you say?" "I didn't say anything."
Aren't we forgetting something?
Does this mean what I think it means?
I don't think I could do that.
I have no intention of going there by myself.
Let me take a picture of you.
Meat and eggs have a lot of protein.
Slighty overweight girls would look cuter if they lost a little weight.
What criteria do you use in deciding who to vote for?
What kind of part-time job should I get?
The world needs talented people.
You need to stop acting so stupid.
You need to stop being so pushy.
You need to stop complaining all the time about things that can't be changed.
You need to stop drinking.
You need to stop gambling.
You need to stop lying to yourself.
You need to stop posting private photos on Facebook.
You need to stop pretending that you don't care.
You need to stop smoking.
You need to stop talking all the time and start listening to what others say.
You need to stop this kind of behavior right away.
You need to stop wasting time.
You'd be amazed how few students finished their homework.
You'd be amazed how long it takes to get a driver's license.
You'd be amazed how many apples you can buy for two hundred dollars.
I reside in Hyogo.
Please plan to leave between 6:and 7:00.
You should plan to leave between 6:and 7:00.
You came home at 5:00.
Are you going to work until 10:00?
Do you plan to work until 10:00?
Are you going to continue working until 10:00?
Do you plan to continue working until 10:00?
Please turn in your report by next Saturday.
Did you accomplish what you set out to do?
Did you accomplish your goals?
You may give this photograph to anyone who wants it.
Don't climb on this!
I'm going to make some coffee. Would you like some, too?
What time do you usually return home?
It looks like the party in power will win the upcoming election.
Your advice has always been very helpful to me.
What time is your plane scheduled to leave?
What time is your plane scheduled to take off?
From the look on your face, I can tell that you have good news.
Just by looking at your face, I know that you have good news.
I didn't know that you were sick, so I didn't visit you in the hospital.
If I had known that you were sick, I could have visited you in the hospital.
What's your native language?
Who's going with me?
Smiling is a cheap way to be prettier.
It ships in Certified Frustration-Free Packaging.
When only death remains, the last resort is to beg for food.
A cat just came out of the basket.
There is no greater insult to life than premature ejaculation.
The Earth moves around the sun.
Yes, this is my house.
There wasn't anybody in that room.
I'll write or phone you next week.
The secretariat is closed.
Those who work hard find unexpected opportunities to succeed.
After work I go straight home.
He's a little pale.
He's a bit pasty.
He somewhat resembles his father.
He tires easily.
She wanted him to tell her that he loved her.
Is there anything else you'd like?
There is no such thing as God or Buddha.
Do you think I don't know what's going on?
Do you think I don't know what's happening?
I really want to speak English fluently.
This book is even more interesting than that one.
Because of the typhoon, my parents ended their trip one day early.
No matter how low the target, always aim higher.
Every journey begins with a single step.
I hope your wishes will come true.
Make the best of your opportunities.
When will your book be published?
I'd like to meet your older sister.
When you have nothing, aim low; when you get somewhere, aim high.
I don't drink coffee.
I don't like to drink coffee.
I like to eat Korean food.
I don't quite understand what you are saying.
It's impossible for me to believe what you are saying.
Please tell me. I really want to hear it.
Please continue with your story. It's really interesting.
What do you think I was doing before?
I didn't mean to eavesdrop on your conversation.
Doing things in this way has no benefit.
Does doing things in this way have a benefit?
I can choose between tea and coffee.
Please can we have two teas and one coffee.
Please can we have two cups of tea and one cup of coffee.
When life gives you lemons, make lemonade.
Could you subscribe to our newspaper?
Verga is a famous writer.
Napoleon Bonaparte was born in Corsica.
Napoleon Bonaparte was born on Corsica.
Don't you know how?
How much is this thing?
He wants to come with us.
I am lesbian.
Let's smoke this shit!
She asked us several questions.
Emoto Masaru believes that within ice crystals you can read a message to mankind.
I've developed a bit of a gut lately, so I've decided that, starting tomorrow, I'm going to go to the gym.
Is this made out of wood or metal?
My father is a skilled fisherman.
How many stops is it from here?
I like lemonade more than orangeade.
This store closes at nine in the evening.
Look what she brought me for my birthday!
It's coming up for Christmas.
I was bored, so I wandered around town.
I talked a little to Aki about clothes.
Blessed is the one who expects nothing, for this one will never be disillusioned.
Where are the dishes?
That's complete and utter nonsense!
You say what?! One of my childhood's favourite Saturday morning cartoons has been remade as a Hollywood blockbuster movie? Man, I'm getting old...
All I have is books.
All I have is a book.
I cleared his doubts.
I must take my oboe for repair.
Would you like me to help you with washing the dishes?
I am afraid that he might get hurt.
The Earth is not the center of the universe.
I don't know if this is true.
I've never been to Spain.
Are they live?
That is my book.
I drink coffee.
How can I ever forgive myself?
It's a dreary place.
Why does catnip make cats loopy?
I feel queasy.
Is it Tuesday already?
The burglar came into the house through this door.
Corporate America is back.
She's crossed in love.
Don't keep me on tenterhooks!
Don't keep me in suspense!
My sat nav doesn't work abroad.
Utilities are extra.
One can never be too young or too old to enjoy a certain genre of music.
If you eat shaved ice very fast you will get brain freeze.
I bought ice-cold water.
I'm utterly sorry!
I won't be responsible for my actions.
The cat is eating.
Hello, I'm Ryan.
The two teams playing tonight are the Yomiuri Giants and the Hanshin Tigers.
Because I didn't take the bus, I'm still not home.
She laid claim to the castle.
I eat Japanese food.
Why don't you have some sushi?
Linux experts are able to use the command line.
I read books.
I'm reading this book.
Whose drawing did you like?
The man is starving.
Some people seem to complain about everything.
Some people seem to enjoy arguing.
Some people seem to have forgotten what it was like before the war.
Some students seem to have forgotten to do their homework.
Some people seem to want to make a mountain out of a molehill.
Some people seem to agree with you.
Some people seem to always want to have the last word.
Ubuntu includes lots of software.
On tests, I don't know how free a translation would be allowed.
It can't get worse.
This wine tastes corked!
They are inseparable.
The aquifer is contaminated.
Has the Foreign Secretary arrived yet?
How's the dog?
I want to go to outer space.
Mum, where's Dad?
Scotland is famous for its water.
I like to be home, that way I can work on my story.
The percentage of illiteracy in that country is 36%.
My uncle is angry.
Do you swear to tell the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth?
Can I stay here tonight?
Where's the director?
She makes excellent meals in the blink of an eye.
After saying goodbye to Jane, we were very sad.
Do you have to go to the post office?
It was cheaper than I thought it would be.
The actual price was lower than I thought it would be.
It was cheaper than I had thought it would be.
He bought that house because his wife liked it.
What a nice thing to say!
No matter how old you get, you can still learn.
It doesn't matter how old you get, you can learn.
It was very cold.
It was really cold.
It was quite cold.
I have to go shopping; I'll be back in an hour.
Hello, Meg. How are you?
I went to the station to say good-bye to my friend.
Did you understand me?
Do you know how to add new contacts to this phone?
You guys look like you're a bunch of dudes who know how to have a good time.
Can I borrow it for about two weeks?
Please lock the safe.
Instead of using disposable chopsticks, it's better to use plastic chopsticks that you can wash.
It's better to use plastic chopsticks and wash them than to use disposable chopsticks.
She speaks loudly.
The food was horrible, and the waiter, surly.
I sometimes fall, but I never give up.
Where am I from?
Give me a jingle when you have a chance.
He succeeded because he worked hard.
We're married to each other.
We're a married couple.
The contestants are gearing up for the final round of competition.
Not really.
Do you like the rod?
That book on kabuki might be expensive.
I am more handsome than you.
I'm smarter than you.
He has gotten better, so he'll soon be able to leave the hospital.
Wait a minute. The wash is done. I'm going to hang out the laundry to dry.
Both of them went to the window to look outside.
I fell in love with her on first sight.
He was sitting, reading a book.
She didn't read the book.
The apples from our own tree taste much better than the sprayed apples from the supermarket.
Unfortunately I don't think I'd be of much help.
He is better than me at math.
I want to buy ski boots.
The hand has five fingers: the thumb, the index finger, the middle finger, the ring finger, and the pinky.
By using Tatoeba one learns languages.
This CD is my son's.
Education begins at home.
The climate in Japan is milder than in England.
A man named Slim was killed in that accident.
Everyone knows that she has done everything she could for her children.
I could not stop by to greet you because I was in a hurry.
The place where my mother was born is located in the east of our country.
Whenever she comes back from a journey, she brings a gift for her daughter.
My clothes get wet so I took off them.
Although he was writing carefully, he had many mistakes in his writing task.
Many great scientists had thought about absurd things.
If I had taken the key, I wouldn't be standing behind the door.
Before you make a decision about your marriage, you should have a consultation with your parents.
I've been toying with the idea of selling everything and taking a long, slow trip around the world.
People always ask me why I do what I do.
The dishes are piling up in the sink.
I can see through your lies.
She flitted about the party affecting a really annoying English accent.
My little sister always tries to get a rise out of me but never succeeds.
Bigger is not always better.
Sorry, I didn't mean to snap at you.
I'm not the kind to kiss and tell.
She put the key in her bag.
He fleeced three old ladies of their meager pensions.
He left his wife and shacked up with a woman half her age.
She pretty much keeps to herself.
He welshed on his gambling debt.
A woman's wardrobe isn't complete without a little black dress.
I have no choice but to take the red-eye back to New York.
I don't owe you squat!
Please read from the highlighted text.
Certain details of the crime were not made public.
He has a scraggly beard and a bum leg.
The most laudable way of acquiring books is by writing them yourself.
She has no manners.
My laptop is running Linux.
I'm running Linux on my laptop.
Ubuntu is a popular Linux distribution.
This doesn't fit into any category.
They made me an offer I couldn't refuse.
GCC is a compiler while Python is an interpreter.
The syntax of Python scripts is very simple.
The bouncer wouldn't let him in.
Sixty-four-bit software will not run on 32-bit architecture.
Every week I study piano on Monday and Tuesday, and dancing on Wednesday and Friday.
Cheese is easy to cut with a knife.
Milk has to be kept at a relatively low temperature.
I'm taking my book with me.
The journey has just begun.
Why did the accused confess?
May I disturb you just a moment?
Free democracy now!
Why are we here?
I hate the world because the world hates me.
My cat is gone, it's already missing for three days.
He came to London to study English.
What are you doing today?
What did you buy your boyfriend?
Give my regards to your family.
Her mother is a wonderful pianist.
I like rhubarb tarts more than apricot tarts.
Do you know your blood type?
We happened to ride the same train by chance.
The heater is warming up the room.
On a good day, you can see the coast of Estonia from Helsinki.
I'm a Japanese language teacher.
Are you able to buy a ticket after boarding the train?
Is there somebody sitting in this seat here?
Are there any liquids or sharp objects in your luggage?
Do I have to check this luggage, or can it be carry-on?
Would you prefer a window or an aisle seat?
Weekdays Monday through Friday, from a.m. to p.m.
Please let me see your passport and boarding pass.
Would you please tell her to give me a call later on?
Do you have a European health insurance card?
You can't buy this medicine without a prescription.
If it doesn't get better after two weeks, you definitely must get a medical exam.
What's playing at the movie theater now?
May I ask for your phone number?
The game of shiritori is played by taking the final sound of the word spoken by the person before you, and then the next person looks for a word that begins with that sound.
When speaking in Japan, it may seem like you're not listening if you do not respond while somebody speaks to you.
Education is the path to happiness, peace, righteousness, and success.
What you eat, or what kind of life you live, are decided by you alone.
She got away from us by walking slowly.
The wind that often blows in Provence is called the mistral.
His knowledge of geography is insufficient.
Everybody lies.
There are big stones on the ground.
People are afraid of war.
He caught the cord.
The officer encouraged his men.
Do you like Moscow?
I made this doghouse by myself.
What you said is absolute nonsense.
Did you make it by yourself?
The equator divides the earth into two hemispheres.
Answers to your questions don't exist.
What does this symbol here mean?
I would like to take a walk, but the day is too hot.
What a shame to just endure life rather than enjoying it.
Drinking too much is bad for your health.
It would be counter-productive to do such a thing.
Fasten your seat belt while driving.
I own some very old stamps.
I haven't met with Tom recently.
His hobby is stamp collecting.
I plan on living in the city.
I'd rather go take a walk than go see that movie.
There is no need to reply to that letter.
On foot, you'll arrive within thirty minutes.
Although I really hate grammar, it's useful.
The committee was postponed for two weeks.
He was just appointed as the American ambassador to Japan.
That child wanted to try on that blue shirt.
She's most happy when she's at home.
She scrubbed the floor of the kitchen with a brush.
Her explanation concerning that matter matches yours.
He died at the age of 54.
That class takes place once per week.
I was able to sell my used car for dollars.
I traveled to Italy last summer.
There was a lot of students absent from class today.
That man stole all of his money.
If you don't water the plants, they will wither.
He was surprised by the news.
He clearly stated that point.
Although she lives nearby, I rarely see her.
I must discuss that new plan with him.
I caught a head cold.
This driver is too small and isn't very useful.
I made fun of him.
I didn't know where I should wait for her.
There are various ways to get to her house.
There were many books inside of that box.
She was jealous from him talking to another girl.
He ignored our warnings.
There wasn't one student who was absent.
He started crying right after hearing the news.
Put the coat on the hanger.
Let's postpone until next week.
The leaves of the tree became red.
Where are you living now?
That child grew a lot in a short amount of time.
As for me, I think the play was quite interesting.
You're the only one who can do this.
You must show respect towards your parents.
Where are you having lunch today?
I'm loved by my parents.
He was suddenly struck with chest pain.
The voices of children playing were carried over by the wind.
I wasn't able to come because of the rain.
We resumed negotiations with that company.
Barcelona is the capital of Catalonia, and is the second biggest city in Spain.
You can't accomplish anything without taking a risk.
I heard that boy traveled from Hokkaido to Kyushu on bicycle.
I may have discussed this with you before.
Last year, there was a lot of snow.
I expressed my gratitude for what he did for me.
He bribed that politician with a great deal of money.
Please eat some cake.
A lot of trees grow in the countryside.
He has a great interest in Japanese.
That problem isn't important.
The lamp is hanging from the ceiling.
Stop the enemy's advancement.
When I hear that song I remember my youth.
She is an excellent scholar, and is recognized everywhere as such.
He can only pay twenty dollars at most.
Repeating a mistake without recognizing it as one, is the biggest mistake of all.
Korea received an inspection from the International Atomic Energy Agency.
Mankind will succeed in using nuclear energy peacefully.
We are living in the atomic age.
He stared at that detailed miniature model of a dinosaur.
Books about things like dinosaurs and monsters are a favorite among young children.
I have a great interest in the evolution of dinosaurs.
That scientist is looking for dinosaur bones in the valley.
Dinosaurs once ruled the earth.
Ken isn't brave enough to try again.
I should have tried out this electric razor before buying it.
Was Midori skiing in Hokkaido at that time?
That dog doesn't bite.
By the way, do you think there's anything after death?
They weren't able to pass on that tradition unto the next generation.
He turned his back on the old traditions.
Traditionally on April 1st, people pull pranks on each other.
Sumo is a traditional Japanese sport.
Flower arranging is a traditional craft in Japan.
Nobody can deny the fact that the world economy is centered around the economy of the United States.
America's economy is the largest in the world.
After continuing days of warm weather, it became cold.
Today is the fifth day of continual stock price decline.
A wise man once said, life is a series of disappointments.
The temperature has been below zero for many days now.
It took one week to locate their hiding place.
After days of warm weather, it became cold.
We weren't able to determine her whereabouts.
To determine its origin, we must go back to the middle ages.
It was determined that the picking of one's nose is a completely normal act for adolescent boys.
He can run as fast as you.
The same thing could be said about many other people.
Because he believes in the importance of people's own dignity, he advocates suicide.
That famous poet planned on killing himself in his library.
That poet attempted suicide in their library.
Although I may be unhappy, I won't commit suicide.
When her husband died, she felt like killing herself.
She committed suicide by taking poison.
She never in her wildest dreams would have thought her son would kill himself.
She tried to kill herself.
We were on the same train by chance.
We happened to ride the same train.
My grandmother is afraid to fall.
Why do you have a fractured bone?
Strangely enough, I didn't feel any pain at all.
The pain of the compound fracture was almost unbearable.
Is the bird flu eradicated?
She put up with the pain quite well.
This president has written his memoirs.
When he broke his leg he was screaming out in pain.
My wife loves romantic novels.
He felt a sharp pain.
It hurts when I urinate.
There was an intense pain in my head.
There is an important alliance between these two countries.
Please give me some kind of medicine to curb the pain.
You must be polite.
I eat only fresh vegetables.
Suppressing one's anger is a virtue.
Bananas are energizing.
She couldn't hold back her laughter.
I prefer mineral water.
She can't suppress her emotions.
It was very hard for her to suppress her emotions.
Thai is an interesting language.
She is beautiful, but dangerous.
He was mainly interested in the origin of the universe and evolution.
Extinction is a part of evolution.
I'm going to grow wheat there.
The theory of evolution surpasses the scope of my imagination.
She can only view things in a narrow scope.
It doesn't work so well because the battery is low.
The battery died out.
I want a car that runs on solar power.
The clock stopped. It needs a new battery.
I have to replace the radio's battery.
All hospitals are equipped with a spare generator in case of a power outage.
Please give me a spare blanket.
He examined the spare parts one by one.
Sharks are notorious for having a thirst for blood.
To provide food for the hungry.
Provide water to the thirsty and food to the hungry.
I'm thirsty. Please give me a cold drink.
Large countries shouldn't interfere with smaller countries.
Brian got his wisdom teeth out.
Her goal is to become a teacher.
He doesn't have any strength left.
He left the room without even saying goodbye.
Come as fast as you can.
In 1847, they declared independence.
I built this dog house all by myself.
What you said is complete nonsense.
You built that all by yourself?
What kind of music has been popular lately?
I have to sleep.
I don't know what I should say.
I'll return immediately.
He's strange sometimes.
That sort of thing won't happen.
That's because you don't want to be alone.
I make euros per day.
I don't know if there is time.
Is that a recent photo?
You really annoy me.
I always liked strange personalities.
I'll call after going home tomorrow.
A new book expected to come out this semester is about how to avoid financial problems in difficult times.
In order to improve your language skills, try to find books written in the language you are learning.
You should practice English with a friend or classmate. Maybe you could join an Internet forum or a language club.
The best way to improve English quickly is lots of practice.
How do I get to Grafton Street from here? Is it far?
Don't forget to take advantage of all the resources available on the Internet to help you improve your English. There are a lot of things like videos, music, audio files, films and other interesting things.
What's your best price?
All the files seem to be corrupted. For this reason, I will send them after lunch.
It should have been done before now. The problem seems to get bigger every day.
We had the the procedures done yesterday but unfortunately, the machine won't be in operation until the engine is replaced.
Your success depends a lot on how your manager and other people in the office perceive you.
Sometimes, many problems and a lot of stress can lead you to quit your job. You must learn how to handle it quickly.
I can't understand why you said that. You don't know how to analyze numbers and charts.
My friend is a great guy but he is so shy. You can't imagine how difficult it is for him to start a conversation with a stranger.
You should invest a little bit of your income into your career in these tough economic times.
I'd like to know when the best moment is to quit a job.
These new techniques are not working with this equipment. Should we replace it with a new one?
Thank God nobody got hurt in this accident.
Next week, I'll be out of office attending a meeting about dealing with difficult clients.
If you have problems with low libido my suggestion is to go see a doctor or someone with expertise on this issue.
Any problem can be solved if you are persistent and patient.
How often do you like to go to the beach?
I haven't seen my friends for weeks. I heard they moved to another city.
Where can I download action movies for free?
I'm planning my next vacation. Maybe I'll go to Disneyland with my family and friends. How much should I save for it?
I was miffed at her attitude.
There's been a power cut.
There are known knowns; there are things we know we know. We also know there are known unknowns; that is to say we know there are some things we do not know. But there are also unknown unknowns – the ones we don't know we don't know.
Meet you there on Sunday morning. Can't wait for it.
Five plus two equals seven.
I want to go to Korea.
He sounded very tired on the phone.
Let's meet at five.
The details of the agreement are indicated in the contract.
Can you prove the allegations?
Where is the logic in that?
His health has been getting worse since the accident.
She thought of a good way to make money on the Internet.
My thumbnail ripped off.
I can hold out for hours.
I should be able to hold out for hours.
The children built a sand castle on the beach.
By using Tatoeba, one learns languages.
Do you remember the time when we were children, and travelled on a train?
There are four seasons in one year.
That happened three days ago.
He inherited the house.
You can see the sun setting from the window.
My mouth dried up.
When life throws you a lemon, make lemonade!
My grandfather goes to mass every Sunday.
The gala dinner is at p.m.
In Portuguese, the article is used in some cases and omitted in others.
She skimmed through the register to see if her name was in it.
I ate it all by myself.
I want you to tell the truth now! Tell it!
"Who bakes the cakes?" "Alessandra bakes them."
Our teacher often overlooked his name on the list.
"Who baked the cakes?" "Alessandre baked them."
The house is across from the church, so you shouldn't miss it.
Strange.
Shutting down.
The committee meeting is held twice per month.
This material isn't suited towards making western clothing.
If this train is late, I won't make the transfer in Kobe.
Do you know the area well?
These green leaves will turn red in the fall.
I'm waiting for Godot.
Are you coming on Skype or do you prefer to translate sentences on Tatoeba?
Are you at odds with Boolean algebra?
Houston, we've had a problem here.
He's working his hardest to support his aging mother.
She turned her face away so he wouldn't see her tears.
They threatened to kill me so I gave them my wallet.
Personal computers are very useful.
He confessed in court that he was in touch with racist groups.
The traditional way of learning a language may satisfy at most one's sense of duty, but it can hardly serve as a source of joy. Nor will it likely be successful.
One learns grammar from language, not language from grammar.
A good method plays a much more important role in language learning than the vague concept of innate ability.
I made myself clear about my feelings for him at the outset.
I'm beginning to feel at ease when I speak in Chinese.
Enthusiasm is contagious.
All beginnings are difficult.
In college, I fared ill with physics and well with chemistry.
Through difficulties to honors.
By teaching, we learn.
I thought you didn't want to come.
Latin is a perpetual language.
She found a need and she filled it.
She says she brushes her teeth every morning.
You look good.
My daughter is still at work.
The dictionary gathers nearly half a million words.
Look that word up in the dictionary.
I support the proposal.
I wish I had listened to your warnings.
My mother is my jewel.
Don't throw away a good opportunity.
If two past lovers can remain friends, it's either because they are still in love, or they never were.
Open a book and it will open your soul.
When she began to stutter, her classmates couldn't help laughing.
He's one of a kind.
I like trains.
He was sitting and reading a book.
I opened the box. It was empty.
I don't have time now.
What are you doing tomorrow?
I'd rather do it by myself.
Turn the TV down, please.
Turn down the TV, please.
Silicon Roundabout is home to a large number of IT start-ups.
The well-known poet attempted to commit suicide in his study.
The famous poet attempted to commit suicide in his library.
Don't wake him up.
Whoever loves me, also loves my dog.
We hope you enjoyed your stay.
All you have to do is sit here.
All you need to do is just sit here.
We're even.
We're good.
The earth gave out under his feet.
We ran out of petrol.
We ran out of gas.
It looks like something's going to happen.
He looked at her with bleary eyes.
When she opened her heart to him, it was already too late.
Watch out! There's a speed camera.
Would you mind not doing that?
A fall into a pit, a gain in your wit.
Your spirit has fallen into hell.
Many monkeys are found on the hill.
This is only known by Obama.
I often hiccup.
An old husband has a wife far younger than him.
The father is together with his son, how cozy it is!
You should savour this moment.
The lady, whom you talked to, is my sister.
What is wrong with me?
I want a bottle of Coca-Cola.
Last night I was too tired to cook a proper meal, so I just ate instant noodles.
A piece of paper got jammed in the printer and now it doesn't work.
My knickers are wet.
My underpants are wet.
Do you have a Facebook account?
I don't have a TV at my place.
Hi, my name is Pekka. What is your name?
I'm Finnish.
Helsinki is the capital of Finland.
I now live in Helsinki, but I'm originally from Kuopio.
So?
Your problems are nothing compared to mine.
He was about to achieve great plans.
That was the very beginning.
After you finish reading the book, put it back where it was.
I'm not sure yet, but I think I'll become a teacher.
You lost, didn't you?
They're art buddies.
That hen hasn't laid any eggs at all, lately.
It's really an eyesore.
Her only wish was to see her son one last time.
Today I don't feel like doing anything.
The gossip is true!
See everyone in two months.
Whether you believe it or not, I believe it.
How can we define equilibrium for a system of moving particles?
Do all systems naturally evolve towards an equilibrium state?
What is the time evolution of a system that is not quite in equilibrium?
We shall try to answer the following questions.
Tom wants to build an ostentatious and smart house.
In New Jersey are many unobtrusive buildings.
I then began to understand.
No, I don't have it.
Before you can board the plane, you'll have to go through airport security checks.
If the shop is closed today, I'll try again tomorrow.
I think we need help.
You look tired. You should rest a little.
Do you have any idea how difficult it is to do this?
I didn't have any idea of what I'm capable of.
I hoped you would understand what I meant.
The only thing constant in this world is change.
He offered me to go to the theater,but there weren't any perfomances on that night.
My problem is called "procrastination".
I stopped smoking completely months ago.
That's why he lost his job.
After lying down for a short while, my stomach ache calmed down.
Honestly, what time do you plan to sleep until? It's already noon!
My throat hurts and my body feels heavy. It looks like I've caught a cold somehow.
At times of poor health, getting plenty of sleep is the best medicine.
I'm absolutely burnt out.
The Swiss Franc is soaring.
Geppei is a Chinese pastry.
I've entered the appropriate settings on the washing machine.
I could not find the right menu option on the ATM.
Shizuoka, one of Japan's prefectures, faces the Pacific Ocean.
There are many plastic model manufacturers in Shizuoka.
I went to eat at a Chinese restaurant in Yokohama.
Chinatown is in Yamashitacho of Naka-ku.
You can only drink water from the water dispenser.
Today we went to the shopping mall. I was very bored.
Yokohama is located in the eastern part of Kanagawa prefecture, of which it is the capital. The prefecture is situated in the southern part of the Kanto region.
Naka is one of the administrative districts that compose Yokohama prefecture.
Yamashita is a street in Naka district which is in Yokohama town of Kanagawa prefecture.
The choreography is quite simple.
It is an important thing for the dance that you don't work outside of a choreographed sequence.
I ordered frogs and noodles.
I shade my eyes from sunshine.
Kendo involves dueling between two people who are each equipped with a sword-like stave made of bamboo.
What is the difference between Iaido and Kendo?
Iaido is a form of swordsmanship in which one strikes down an attacking opponent with one blow of the sword quickly drawn out of its sheath, whether the practitioner is sitting or walking.
Wednesday is near!
I lost my identity.
I don't like your name.
That's what you get for not listening.
He was only shamming.
He considers himself a guardian of moral standards.
I'm an American citizen.
In any case, I'll inform you when he comes.
I speak English every day.
Tatoeba is free software.
Who are you working for?
America isn't a country, it's a continent.
He did everything with great impetus.
To be black is better than to be gay. If you were born black, at least you don't have to think about how to tell your mother about this.
What have you eaten?
Love is for lunatics.
Why can't we tickle each other?
He's been saying the same things since I first met him.
Do you have needle and thread?
Have you got needle and thread?
In the end I came up with a great idea.
Don't you like Chinese food?
My father quit drinking.
She helped me willingly.
There's still much to do.
I can't remember where I bought it.
Nobody's working; they're all watching the World Cup.
What is there in these boxes that are so heavy?
This is simply one of the darkest pages in the history of Argentina!
I think that watching TV is a waste of time.
She suffers from a contagious disease.
Kendo has competitive matches, but in Iaido there are none.
Kendo is an ancient Japanese martial art that dates back to the time of the samurai warriors.
We are excited about having foreign Kendo students in Osaka.
I've decided to join the volunteer fire department.
He behaves like a child.
That is a pure waste of time.
Jodo is a Japanese martial art using short staffs called "Jou" and wooden sword.
Takeda holds a 3th dan in "kendo", a 2th dan in "iaido".
All natural objects and phenomena used to be considered as having kami, so the gods of Shinto were uncountably numerous.
This is called hatsumode, the first visit to a shrine.
Hatsumoude means New Year's visits to shrines.
The most important Shinto event takes place in the New Year, when millions of people visit shrines to pray for happiness and a healthy year.
As for Shinto gods, there are the goddess of the Sun, the god of the moon and even old trees have their gods.
That's because Shintoism and Buddhism are practiced in their daily customs instead of as their religion.
The Tanabata Festival is often called the Star Festival. August 7th, the day of the festival, is said to be the only time when a pair of lovers, stars separated by the Milky Way, can see each other.
On the Respect-for-Senior-Citizens Day, we visit our grandparents and do nice things for them.
The birthday festival is based on a legend that colorful flowers and honeydew fell from the sky when Buddha was born.
Naginata is one of Japan's traditional martial arts.
America is a continent of immigration.
Portugal is a country of emigration.
Africa is a continent of migration.
He's a historian.
March 3rd is a Girls' Day, the traditional Japanese festival held to wish girls both health and growth.
The Aoi Festival has been carried out as a national event since then and has continued to the present day.
From 1859, Protestant missionaries from America started to arrive, and the Catholic and Russian Orthodox churches also became actively involved in missionary work.
It is not known when the Hinamatsuri first started, but the Nagashibina, in its most primitive form, was already being celebrated during the Heian period.
Though the Hinamatsuri was originally for both boys and girls, it is now just for girls.
Setsubun means "the day between two seasons."
Their love story is a real battlefield.
However, in 2007, this holiday moved to May 4th, while April 29th became the memorial day of Showa, called "Showa no Hi".
National Foundation Day (February 11): day for commemorating the founding of the nation and for fostering patriotic feelings.
This zoo owns two okapis.
November 23rd is Labor Thanksgiving Day, which was established as a national holiday to stress the importance of labor in people's minds.
By establishing Takeshima Day, it is hoped that more Japanese people will learn about the Takeshima islands.
The lifeless rocks nod their heads again and again.
The cliff collapsed, the rocks split, and the empty sky filled with a noisy clamor.
A large rock is large; a small one is small.
With deep and reverent awe I replaced the candelabrum in its former position.
"If a photograph of the smiling face of your loved one stands on the altar at the funeral or on the family altar, when you put your hands together to pray, you can hear their voice, I think," he says.
Every child who learns, and every man who finds work, and every sick body that's made whole - like a candle added to an altar - brightens the hope of all the faithful.
I'm going to America tomorrow.
Did you know that when you say "America", it can mean the USA or the continent of both Americas?
Fabien has a lot of good ideas.
Next Tuesday is a bank holiday.
Do you know anything about your family?
There are only minutes left until the end of the lesson.
He said he'd come and he did.
How can I keep tabs on the least visited pages, and what do I do with them?
What do I do if my luggage doesn't appear after I get off the plane?
Upon receiving your Certificate of Eligibility, please come to the Japanese Embassy in London.
I completed the university course comfortably.
He went backstage after the show.
At the Fukushima No.nuclear power plant, all the reactors stopped just after the quake.
November 15th is the seven-five-three festival, when parents with boys of five, girls of seven and either boys or girls of three celebrate their children's maturation, dress them in gay clothes and take them to shrines where they pray for their children's future.
February 7th is Northern Territories Day in Japan.
Sea Day is one of the Japanese national holidays celebrated on the third Monday in July.
This is the day on which the Constitution's fundamental spirit, the sovereignty of the people, respect for fundamental human rights, and pacifism, are all reaffirmed.
Health-Sports Day is the second Monday of October. That day is for sports and fostering a sound mind and body.
On Children's Day, traditionally a holiday on which people pray for the growth of boys, armor is displayed at home.
Bon, an annual Buddhist event, is from July (or August on the lunar calendar) 13th to the 16th.
It was believed that evil spirits would return to earth on the last day of the year.
During the Golden Week holidays, many volunteers went to the quake and tsunami-hit areas in Tohoku.
The sum of and is 8.
Come on over to have a try.
We're confident of victory.
I am not good at mathematics.
Every fox praises its tail.
We had some chicken soup.
The child's body felt feverish.
Don't all speak at the same time.
I do very much. Thank you.
What you say makes no sense.
She likes all kinds of sports.
She never wears green.
Give my love to your kids.
That meal was simply divine.
The horse trotted down the road.
I never see him but I am happy.
The old man set off at a quick trot.
I'll see you in the new year.
There is only one can of meat left.
We travelled all over the country.
My knowledge of Japanese is rather poor.
I want to reserve a room.
She patted her hair into place.
She patted her hair into shape.
He is a mathematical genius.
I cannot speak Mandarin well.
Yes, I can speak Mandarin.
Today I cooked little jam tarts with my cousin.
I don't believe that man is able to listen to nature.
Talking to Eliana is like talking to a wall.
Travelling is interesting and fun.
Do you believe that it is easy?
How is the first day going?
They laugh at me, not with me.
He said to me, "Children are like small animals."
No, I can't speak English.
These workmen, whom the government pays for, are dealing with death in coal mines.
I've never had any student who can solve math problems as fast as you can.
Do you like China?
I like the green colour.
He was delighted after he visited his wife in the train station.
I called the police as soon as I saw his dead body on the floor.
Social interaction is the very foundation of social life.
All interactions involve the use of some kind of turn-taking organization.
There are differences in usage.
This lesson is endless!
This lesson is never-ending!
This lesson is interminable!
Of the remaining words on the list, five are nouns.
The adjacency pair has five basic characteristics.
It is a sequence of two actions.
Can you find her?
He is studying history at the university.
My best friend is in Rome now.
Microsoft has a completely new operating system in the works.
Questions and answers play an enormous role in interaction.
You can see it with the naked eye.
That star is visible to the naked eye.
Persons should answer the questions that are put to them.
They are normatively accountable for doing so.
When an answer is not forthcoming, questioners assert their rights to an answer by repeating the question.
Let me die.
Mommy, if I don't like the food, do I have to eat it?
First you need to move this out of the way so we can get to the table.
People are presenting reasons for not fulfilling their obligation to respond.
Women don't take shits.
What happened at Bullock's this evening?
I told you that she was blonde.
If someone criticize you, it's because you have something that he will never have.
He criticizes everything.
It is not really visible to the naked eye.
It cannot always be perceived by the naked eye.
Human ovum is barely visible to the naked eye.
The news interview under investigation follows the conventional pattern of the turn-taking system, which consists of answers following questions.
It's a signal of danger.
I come with myself.
Apparently ice is lethal!
Leave the ice alone!
Luckily they invented pizza!
The scars of your love remind me of us.
Many Argentinians prefer to use a car rather than public transportation.
The Internet is serious business.
I can't wait until the weekend!
America is the greatest country in the world.
America is the land of opportunity.
Hi guys, I'm Mike.
I'm not afraid of anything.
Valencia is famous for its unusual architecture.
Good job!
Please don't look at your cellphone while we're eating.
Please don't look at your mobile phone while we're eating.
Google is my teacher.
You are invited to attend a meeting at 2:p.m. in the meeting room on the second floor. Thank you.
Please attend the meeting in the second floor conference room at 2:p.m.
I'm terribly sorry!
A megalopolis is a network of multiple closely linked metropolitan areas.
I can't reply to your message immediately, since I can't type fast.
"How to determine whether a "how" sentence is a question." "Yes, how?"
When Wikipedia states a stupidity, it soon becomes a truth.
He substituted the injured player.
She sometimes writes to her son.
She writes to her son every so often.
She writes to her son from time to time.
I've cancelled the newspaper subscription.
He's accustomed to getting up early in the morning.
Native French speakers often add spaces before punctuation in other languages even though it is usually incorrect.
She's turning red.
I'm eating a Japanese pear.
Would you like student volunteers to pick you up at Kansai International Airport?
Why are you trying and picking a quarrel with them?
We were at the mill, near the hemp field.
The appendix is about cm long.
I have appendicitis.
All this time we kept an untold secret.
The uncalled capital added up to half a million dollars.
His acoustic peformance rocks.
He said the best was yet to come.
She said a prayer and followed him.
I assume that it was all they wanted to say.
Why is the table so wobbly?
I need to charge my mobile.
I need to charge my cellphone.
How can I access the printer?
Mind yourself. That knife is sharp.
He is sitting cross-legged.
Artificial intelligence cannot beat natural stupidity.
Artificial intelligence cannot beat natural foolishness.
Sorry for the intrusion.
Hello Giada, tell us your story, we'll listen to you.
You mustn't drive on the right.
Let's use our brains to the greatest extent possible and see what happens during the planning stages!
Unfortunately, I have to get up early every morning.
If the sale of organs is legalised, potential health problems may arise.
Act towards others the way you would like that they act towards you.
In many countries, being gay is a cause for imprisonment.
Gay marriage is permitted in less than 20% of countries.
In the US, a gay union is permitted only in some states.
I'm gay.
At the beginning it'll be tough, but everything's tough at the beginning.
The way of the samurai is found in death.
I like him not because he's courteous, but because he's honest.
My trousers are wet.
The beginning is the most important part of the work.
You are a moron.
I want him to leave.
I'm interested in oriental pottery.
Since Chiro is a cat, he doesn't like lychees.
I left my keys on the table. Could you bring them to me?
That can't be.
This medicine is still not sold in pharmacies.
Do you wish to go?
Please do not smoke here.
These are the facts. Think hard about them!
It was the best day of my life.
Let's get out for a while to take a walk.
I should be studying for tomorrow's exam.
Yesterday I ate too much and now I feel sick.
It's drizzling out in the garden.
I'm very fat.
I'm extremely fat.
Do you usually eat more than five slices of pizza a month?
If there's anything else you need, just let me know.
It was tremendously exciting to be in Boston at that time.
Our destination is still a long way off.
You'd better not tell Tom.
You'd better not talk back to Tom.
You'd better not argue with Tom.
You'd be amazed how often Tom doesn't do his homework.
You'd be amazed how much time Tom spends playing games.
You'd be amazed how much beer Tom drinks when he goes out.
You'd be amazed how many times I've told Tom not to do that.
You'd be amazed how long it takes Tom to get ready in the morning.
You shouldn't trust Tom.
You shouldn't make fun of Tom.
You shouldn't have borrowed Tom's car.
You shouldn't believe everything Tom tells you.
You should avoid Tom today if at all possible. He's very mad at you.
You should always knock before entering Tom's room.
You say you want to visit Tom? Why in the world would you want to do that?
You need to stop saying no to Tom.
You need to stop provoking fights with Tom.
You need to stop ignoring email messages from Tom.
You need to stop doing things that bother Tom.
You might meet Tom.
You might meet Tom if you go to the library.
You hate Tom, don't you?
You don't know why Tom didn't come yesterday, do you?
You don't know when Tom will come, do you?
You don't have to do what Tom says.
You didn't see Tom, did you?
You can't trust Tom.
You can't count on Tom's help.
You can ask Tom for help.
You can always ask for Tom's help.
You aren't the only one who likes baseball. Tom likes it, too.
Yesterday Tom stayed home all day.
Would you let me know when Tom comes?
Would you give me Tom's address?
Within a few minutes, Tom had eaten up all the food on the table.
With your connections, you should be able to find a job for Tom.
Will you swim with Tom?
Will Tom be allowed to go camping with the other children?
Why would Tom do such a thing?
Why would Tom do something like that?
Why would Tom decide not to go to Boston?
Why don't you call Tom up?
Why don't you ask Tom?
Why don't we see if Tom wants to play cards with us?
Why don't we see if Tom wants to go with us?
Why don't we ask Tom's advice?
Why does Tom look so grumpy today?
Why do you think Tom wasn't at school today?
Why do you think Tom wasn't able to pass his driving test?
Why do you think Tom was crying?
Why do you think Tom prefers living in the country?
Why do you think Tom likes baseball so much?
Why do you think Tom chose to become a psychologist?
Why didn't you just tell Tom the truth?
Who killed Tom?
Who gave Tom that black eye?
Who gave Tom all that money?
Who does Tom work for?
Who cares whether Tom eats egg yolks or not?
Where was Tom working then?
Where was Tom when the fire broke out?
When Tom was young, he ate three eggs every day.
When Tom was eighteen, he decided that he wanted to become a soldier.
When Tom was accused of the murder, he broke out in a cold sweat.
When Tom couldn't bear the pain any longer, he went to the hospital.
When I got out of prison, Tom helped me get back on my feet.
When did you last see Tom?
When did you get to know Tom?
When did you first meet Tom?
When did Tom leave Boston?
What's wrong with telling Tom what happened?
What's Tom so unhappy about?
What's Tom doing now?
What's Tom doing here at this hour?
What were you guys doing while Tom was chopping wood?
What Tom says makes sense.
What Tom ate was delicious.
What Tom ate gave him an upset stomach.
What Tom ate for dinner didn't cost much.
What Tom ate almost killed him.
What really surprised me most was how many hours a day Tom slept.
What really surprised me most about Tom was how tall he was.
What makes you think Tom isn't a native speaker?
What made you think that Tom wouldn't come?
What made Tom so mad?
What kind of woman could love a guy like Tom?
What kind of person is Tom?
What kind of computer does Tom use?
What kind of car does Tom drive?
What I don't understand is why Tom didn't stick around and help us.
What happened to Tom?
What does Tom's new car look like?
What does Tom want?
What does Tom want to do tomorrow?
What does Tom think of your music?
What does Tom really think?
What does Tom really think of the way we've been handling this problem?
What does Tom look like?
What does Tom intend to do about it?
What does Tom have to do with this?
What does Tom have to do with this matter?
What does Tom have in his hand?
What does Tom get in return for all the work he's done?
What does Tom eat when he's watching TV?
What does Tom eat for lunch?
What does Tom eat for a mid-afternoon snack?
What does Tom do?
What does Tom do in his free time?
What does Tom do for a living?
What does Tom consider to be the most important point?
What does that have to do with Tom?
What does it matter what happens to Tom?
What do you think of Tom?
What do you know about Tom's girlfriend?
What did Tom say to you?
What am I supposed to do if Tom comes?
We won't start the meeting until Tom comes.
We were disappointed to hear that Tom couldn't get a visa.
We now have all the evidence we need to convict Tom Jackson.
We made Tom the captain of the team.
We heard that Tom had committed suicide, but we didn't really believe it.
We haven't seen much of Tom since his divorce.
We had Tom paint the fence light green.
We believe that Tom committed the murder.
Was Tom at home yesterday?
Was that you I saw with Tom near the river?
Unfortunately, Tom refused to help us.
Tom's younger daughter is married.
Tom's work is selling second-hand cars.
Tom's wife would probably leave him if she knew the truth.
Tom's way of talking gets on my nerves.
Tom's troublemaking days are over.
Tom's third marriage was unhappy and he was considering yet another divorce.
Tom's taste in music is similar to mine.
Tom's speech was quite interesting.
Tom's son was killed in a traffic accident last winter.
Tom's so old.
Tom's response was immediate.
Tom's plane leaves for Boston at 2:p.m.
Tom's parents were both teachers.
Tom's opinions don't carry much weight around here.
Tom's operation was going to cost a small fortune.
Tom's older daughter is still unmarried.
Tom's not breathing.
Tom's mother is a very good cook.
Tom's mother died just one week before Tom graduated from college.
Tom's mother chased Tom as he ran naked around the lobby.
Tom's living room was tastefully furnished.
Tom's house is for sale.
Tom's house is easy to find.
Tom's heart suddenly began to beat faster.
Tom's hat blew off.
Tom's hairline is receding.
Tom's fingers got smashed while working on the assembly line.
Tom's family lives in Boston.
Tom's face is red.
Tom's eyesight isn't as good as it used to be.
Tom's eyes are bloodshot.
Tom's duties include raking the leaves.
Tom's dog bit him playfully.
Tom's diet is deficient in protein.
Tom's death came as a surprise.
Tom's days are numbered.
Tom's company is drilling for oil.
Tom's company imports tea from India.
Tom's company imports coffee from Brazil.
Tom's clothes were old, but clean.
Tom's business is doing very well.
Tom's bicycle was blue before he painted it red.
Tom's behavior wasn't acceptable.
Tom's an irritating person to work with because he'll never admit it when he's made a mistake.
Tom's advice was very helpful.
Tom's advice didn't help at all.
Tom, I need your help.
Tom, could you keep an eye on the kids?
Tom zipped up his coat.
Tom yelled for help.
Tom writes everything down so he won't forget it.
Tom wouldn't mind eating meat and potatoes every day of the week.
Tom would like to become a simultaneous interpreter.
Tom would have missed the train if he had stopped to buy a chocolate bar.
Tom works the night shift.
Tom works the evening shift.
Tom works out in a gym near his house.
Tom works from nine to five.
Tom works from early in the morning until late at night every day.
Tom works for a trading company in Boston.
Tom works for a large company.
Tom worked for a construction company in Boston.
Tom worked all day and was completely worn out.
Tom wore a new coat to school today.
Tom won't go alone.
Tom won't admit that he's done anything wrong.
Tom wishes that he could be a better French speaker.
Tom wishes he didn't have to help with the housework.
Tom will visit Boston this summer for sure.
Tom will remember this weekend as long as he lives.
Tom will go to Boston next month.
Tom will carry those suitcases for you.
Tom will be thirty in March.
Tom will be here any minute now.
Tom will be back home soon.
Tom will be back by 2:30.
Tom will be arriving here soon from Australia.
Tom will be absent today because he has a cold.
Tom will be a university student this year.
Tom whistled a tune as he walked along the river.
Tom went without lunch because he didn't have enough time to eat.
Tom went to the counter and bought us both a drink.
Tom went to school to learn how to tune pianos.
Tom went to Boston to study music.
Tom went to Boston to attend a conference.
Tom went to Boston three years ago.
Tom went to bed at midnight.
Tom went to the beach last week.
Tom went out to look for something to eat.
Tom went for three weeks without shaving before his wife complained.
Tom went fishing, but didn't catch anything.
Tom went downtown to do shopping.
Tom went down the river on a rubber raft.
Tom went bonkers.
Tom brought way too much food, so there was some left over.
Tom wasn't ready to die.
Tom wasn't injured in the train wreck.
Tom wasn't afraid of death.
Tom wasn't able to swim.
Tom wasn't able to pass the examination.
Tom wasn't able to find a place to park.
Tom washes clothes at least once a week.
Tom was well prepared for the exam.
Tom was wearing a black hat.
Tom was watching what was happening very carefully.
Tom was walking in the park with nothing on his mind.
Tom was very attached to the golf clubs that his father had given him.
Tom was up until about 3:a.m. reading a book.
Tom was up late last night studying.
Tom was unable to remember what he had eaten for breakfast.
Tom was unable to decide who he should vote for.
Tom was too short to reach the top shelf.
Tom was told to abstain from smoking and drinking.
Tom was told by his doctor to remain in bed.
Tom was the only person in the room at the time.
Tom was the last to arrive.
Tom was the last person to finish eating.
Tom was the last person I expected to see there.
Tom was the last person I expected to see here.
Tom was talking about the delicious food they had eaten on their trip.
Tom was taken prisoner.
Tom was supposed to hand in his homework before the weekend.
Tom was suddenly overcome by fear.
Tom was struck by lightning and died.
Tom was still in Boston this time last year.
Tom was speaking to some neighbors.
Tom was sitting on the edge of the desk playing his ukulele.
Tom was singing with the children sitting around the campfire.
Tom was shot by a firing squad.
Tom was sentenced to death.
Tom was seen stealing apples from the neighbor's tree.
Tom was reported missing three weeks ago.
Tom was released from the hospital last month.
Tom was released from prison last month.
Tom was really mad.
Tom was put in jail.
Tom was often late for school.
Tom was lucky.
Tom was looking at some girls in bikinis.
Tom was living rent-free in a small house not too far from us.
Tom was late for work again this morning.
Tom was killed in a train accident.
Tom was killed in a traffic accident within hours of graduating from college.
Tom was killed by the husband of the woman he had been hanging out with.
Tom was killed by lightning.
Tom was killed by his own gang members.
Tom was killed by a hired assassin.
Tom was just trying to help.
Tom was in his late thirties.
Tom was in his early thirties.
Tom was in Boston last week on a business trip.
Tom was in a hurry this morning.
Tom was in a coma.
Tom was hurt in a traffic accident.
Tom was hiding in the mountains.
Tom was hiding behind the door.
Tom was hiding behind a bush.
Tom was here just a moment ago.
Tom was here a while ago.
Tom was going to be transferred to Boston, but they decided to fire him instead.
Tom was given a blood transfusion.
Tom was found guilty.
Tom was forced to resign.
Tom was extraordinarily handsome.
Tom was executed.
Tom was every inch a gentleman.
Tom was eaten by a crocodile.
Tom was dissatisfied with the service at the hotel where he stayed.
Tom was detained for questioning.
Tom was detained by the police.
Tom was detained as a suspect.
Tom was convicted and sentenced to death.
Tom was confined to a bed for three months.
Tom was caught cheating on the exam and was expelled from school.
Tom was brought up in Boston.
Tom was born in Boston.
Tom was aware of the difficulties.
Tom was arrested for being drunk and disorderly.
Tom was arrested and immediately taken to headquarters.
Tom was arrested and charged with the murder.
Tom was alone most of the time.
Tom was almost run over by a dump truck.
Tom was almost hit by a car.
Tom was afraid to swim.
Tom was afraid to cross the road.
Tom was afraid that the typhoon would damage his house.
Tom was admitted into the hospital.
Tom was admiring my new car at the time the truck crashed into it.
Tom was accused of neglecting his duty.
Tom was accused of falling asleep on guard duty.
Tom was abused by his father.
Tom was able to park behind the hotel.
Tom was able to make himself understood in French when he visited Paris.
Tom was able to get there in less than twenty minutes.
Tom was able to fit everything he owned into one suitcase.
Tom was able to answer all the questions.
Tom was a mean man before his daughter was born.
Tom was a bad student.
Tom warmed himself by the fire.
Tom wants to think it over.
Tom wants to study in Boston.
Tom wants to live in the country after he retires.
Tom wants to graduate from college before he turns years old.
Tom wants to go to the movies.
Tom wants to go to Boston.
Tom wants to get rich quick.
Tom wants a large family.
Tom wanted to study Japanese with a native Japanese speaker.
Tom wanted to set the record straight.
Tom wanted to eat a couple of slices of salami.
Tom wanted to become a lawyer.
Tom walks about fifteen miles a day.
Tom walked silently through the forest.
Tom volunteered to help.
Tom volunteered to do all the things no one else wanted to do.
Tom volunteered a good deal of his time to helping those less fortunate than himself.
Tom very often takes a nap for an hour after lunch.
Tom verified the date of the meeting.
Tom usually works from nine to five-thirty.
Tom usually wears sunglasses even when it's not so bright.
Tom usually watches the weather report in the morning before leaving home.
Tom usually takes a shower before breakfast.
Tom usually sits in the back of the classroom.
Tom usually pays for everything in cash.
Tom usually only eats oatmeal for breakfast.
Tom usually goes to bed just before midnight.
Tom usually feels sleepy in the early afternoon.
Tom usually eats his lunch alone.
Tom usually doesn't have to work on Monday afternoons.
Tom usually accomplishes whatever he tries to do.
Tom used to walk into the bar and order three beers right off.
Tom used to play lacrosse, but he doesn't anymore.
Tom used to live in Boston.
Tom used to live deep in the jungle.
Tom used to be drunk by this time every night.
Tom used to always wear a watch, but now he just looks at his smart phone.
Tom turned in a blank test paper.
Tom tries to do some light exercises every morning.
Tom tries to avoid traveling by air.
Tom tried to cut the delicious-looking meat with a dull knife.
Tom treats me very nice.
Tom translated the letter from French into German.
Tom tossed another log on the fire.
Tom tossed and turned all night.
Tom took up hang gliding.
Tom took the early retirement package the company offered.
Tom took the bus to school.
Tom took out a pencil and started to write.
Tom took off his coat because it was getting too hot to wear it.
Tom took off his coat and threw it on the floor.
Tom took off his coat and gloves.
Tom took off his clothes and stepped into the shower.
Tom took his wallet out of his pocket.
Tom took his time reading the contract.
Tom took his own life.
Tom took a step forward.
Tom took a step backward.
Tom took a piece of candy from the bag.
Tom took a flower out of the vase while no one was looking.
Tom took a deep breath.
Tom took a closer look at it.
Tom told us that he'd come in person.
Tom told the children that they could stay here in the room if they didn't make any noise.
Tom told the boys to line up.
Tom told me that it was possible to rent a bicycle.
Tom told me that I shouldn't buy that.
Tom told me that he wasn't scared of snakes.
Tom told me that he wasn't afraid of ghosts.
Tom told me that he got his xylophone for free.
Tom told me that he couldn't really trust Microsoft.
Tom told me that he couldn't blame me for breaking my promise.
Tom told me that he could live off his savings for a while if he lost his job.
Tom told me that he could hear something, but he wasn't sure what it was.
Tom told me that he could come on any day but Tuesday.
Tom told me that he could afford another divorce.
Tom told his son the story about a monster that ate children.
Tom told his friends that he never ate meat.
Tom tied the canoe to the top of his car.
Tom tied his dog to a tree.
Tom threw me an apple.
Tom threw his hands up into the air and said that he gave up.
Tom threw a stone into the pond.
Tom threw a rock at the dog.
Tom thought it would be a good idea to see a doctor.
Tom thinks the plan may backfire.
Tom thinks that eating at a restaurant by himself is pathetic.
Tom thinks it will rain tomorrow.
Tom thinks he's being shadowed by a private detective.
Tom thinks he can get rid of his cold if he takes this medicine.
Tom tends to exaggerate.
Tom tends to be lazy.
Tom talks like an old man.
Tom talked about school.
Tom talked about his family.
Tom takes piano lessons three times a week.
Tom takes a walk every morning.
Tom takes a shower every morning before breakfast.
Tom takes a bath every evening after dinner.
Tom takes a bath at least three times a week.
Tom swore that he ate at least twice as much as his wife.
Tom sure does burp a lot.
Tom suggested that we leave right away before it started to rain.
Tom suddenly felt tired.
Tom suddenly felt like he was going to faint.
Tom succeeded in getting elected.
Tom studied hard so he could get into college.
Tom stuck his nose where it didn't belong.
Tom stopped looking for the treasure and went back home.
Tom stood on his head.
Tom stood on a chair so he could reach the top shelf.
Tom stood motionless, listening carefully.
Tom stayed up all night.
Tom stayed at home all day.
Tom started playing rugby three years ago.
Tom staggered to his feet.
Tom sprinkled some sugar on the toast.
Tom sprang to his feet.
Tom spent the last years of his life in Boston.
Tom spent most days begging for money in front of tourist attractions.
Tom spent a week in Boston.
Tom spent a lot of time trying to learn how to play the French horn.
Tom spends most of his money on food.
Tom speaks French so badly that he is often misunderstood.
Tom speaks French fairly well, doesn't he?
Tom speaks French better than I do.
Tom speaks French better than any of the other students in his class.
Tom speaks five languages, but doesn't know how to be polite in any of them.
Tom sometimes says things he doesn't really believe.
Tom snuck out and had a few beers with the guys.
Tom slipped quietly into his clothes and tiptoed out of the room.
Tom sliced the banana with a knife.
Tom slept under mosquito netting.
Tom slept like a log all night and most of the next day.
Tom shut himself up in his room.
Tom shut himself up in his bedroom.
Tom showed up early so he could get a good seat.
Tom showed up at about 2:30.
Tom showed me how to make spaghetti.
Tom showed me a picture of the food they had eaten.
Tom shouldn't have said such a thing.
Tom should take an umbrella because it looks like rain.
Tom should have left earlier.
Tom should have been more careful.
Tom should go to the gym.
Tom should go to bed early tonight since he has a test tomorrow.
Tom should go see a doctor.
Tom should definitely visit an art museum or two while he's in France.
Tom should consult an expert.
Tom should be out of the hospital by next Saturday.
Tom should be home by now, but he's still at his office.
Tom should be back by 2:30.
Tom should be back before 2:30.
Tom shot himself in the leg accidentally.
Tom shared a well with his neighbor.
Tom shared a large number of ideas with the committee.
Tom sells T-shirts at a percent discount.
Tom seldom wins arguments.
Tom seldom goes out on Monday.
Tom seldom eats red meat.
Tom seldom bothers to comb his hair.
Tom seems to be sleeping.
Tom seems to have lost his passport.
Tom seems to hardly ever get his homework done on time.
Tom seems to catch the flu every year.
Tom seems to be very excited.
Tom seems to be much taller than he used to be.
Tom seems to be hard up for food.
Tom seems to be depressed.
Tom seems to be busy all the time.
Tom seems to be asleep.
Tom seems to be a good guitarist.
Tom seems to be a friendly person.
Tom seems to always say the right thing at the right time.
Tom seems to always be running into people he knows.
Tom seems to always be busy.
Tom seemed to enjoy himself at the party last night.
Tom seemed to be somewhat disappointed.
Tom screamed for help.
Tom screamed at the top of his lungs.
Tom scarcely ever gets any exercise.
Tom says you should always tell the truth.
Tom says we can park on either side of the street.
Tom says that recently he isn't able to get enough sleep.
Tom says that learning a foreign language is hard.
Tom says that he's tired.
Tom says that he's fed up with this hot weather.
Tom says that he's a creature of habit.
Tom says that he'll be at the meeting tomorrow.
Tom says that he wants to be buried here.
Tom says that he never dreams.
Tom says that he hasn't made up his mind yet.
Tom says that he has the perfect marriage.
Tom says that he doesn't like children.
Tom says that he doesn't feel like jogging.
Tom says that he doesn't feel like going out.
Tom says that he doesn't feel like drinking beer tonight.
Tom says that he detests war.
Tom says that he can't imagine going out in this weather.
Tom says that he can't eat any more.
Tom says that he can drink a whole bottle of whiskey without getting drunk.
Tom says that he can be here by 2:30.
Tom says it's a waste of time to try to please everybody.
Tom says he's having trouble with his computer.
Tom says he is rich.
Tom says he eats more when he's sad.
Tom says he can't walk another step.
Tom says he can't wait any longer.
Tom says he can't put up with this noise any longer.
Tom says he can't put up with the heat any longer.
Tom says he can't ignore the smell any longer.
Tom says he can't ignore the noise any longer.
Tom says he can trace his ancestors back about years.
Tom sat in the front row.
Tom said that we weren't allowed to take photographs in this museum.
Tom said that nothing like that would ever happen again.
Tom said that neither one of his parents had ever been to Boston.
Tom said that I could spend the night at his place.
Tom said that he'd make it on time.
Tom said that he'd give me thirty dollars if I ate an earthworm.
Tom said that he would come.
Tom said that he was very interested in archery.
Tom said that he was innocent.
Tom said that he had eaten too much and didn't feel very good.
Tom said that he had eaten lunch with his friends.
Tom said that he feels much better today.
Tom said that he feels like going out.
Tom said that he could make it to the party.
Tom said that he did his homework by himself.
Tom said some things that didn't make sense.
Tom said jokingly that he was not very rich.
Tom said I was supposed to talk to you.
Tom said he'd never leave his wife.
Tom said he was willing to help us out.
Tom said he wanted to get out of town for a while.
Tom said he wanted me to spend the summer in Boston with him.
Tom said he liked what she had made for dinner, but he was only being polite.
Tom said he knew where the body was buried.
Tom said he just had to eat something right away.
Tom said he had eaten nothing, but that wasn't true.
Tom said he had an important call to make.
Tom said he had a stomachache and left the room.
Tom said he couldn't clean the pool tomorrow afternoon.
Tom said he can't eat that much food by himself.
Tom runs a company in Boston.
Tom rolled up the string and put it in his pocket.
Tom rode his motorcycle across America.
Tom ripped open the envelope.
Tom retraced his steps.
Tom rescued the dog from being eaten by the hungry soldiers.
Tom rented a tuxedo for the prom.
Tom renewed his driver's license three weeks ago.
Tom reminds me of someone I used to know in high school.
Tom reminds me of his father.
Tom remained poor all his life.
Tom regularly eats sushi with his mother.
Tom regrets what he did.
Tom refuses to buy anything made in China.
Tom refused to worry about the future.
Tom refused to settle down.
Tom refused to pay protection money.
Tom refused to give up.
Tom really loves playing the guitar, but he doesn't like singing.
Tom really is a nice guy!
Tom really gets on my nerves.
Tom really does talk a lot.
Tom really does swim well, doesn't he?
Tom really does hate dogs.
Tom really does detest giving speeches in front of large audiences.
Tom realized that he had lost his wallet.
Tom read anything he could lay his hands on.
Tom ran out of water.
Tom ran out of time.
Tom ran out of the room.
Tom ran out of money.
Tom ran out of food.
Tom ran into the room.
Tom ran into the house.
Tom ran for mayor.
Tom ran down the stairs.
Tom ran as fast as he could to escape from the angry bear.
Tom ran as fast as he could hoping that he wouldn't miss the train.
Tom raised his voice.
Tom raised his son without any help.
Tom quite often exaggerates.
Tom quite often eats out.
Tom quit smoking.
Tom quit his job last week.
Tom puts a lot of sugar and cream in his coffee.
Tom put up with the pain for a couple of weeks before finally going to the hospital.
Tom put together one million dollars in unmarked, used bills as the kidnappers had told him to do.
Tom put the new tablecloth he had just bought on the table.
Tom put the key into his pocket.
Tom put the food on the table and told everyone to start eating.
Tom put new strings on the old guitar that he had just bought.
Tom put new pedals on the bicycle that he rides to school.
Tom put his hat on and went outside.
Tom put his bags in the trunk, then hopped in the car and drove off.
Tom put down his pen.
Tom put away his clothes.
Tom put all his money in a box and hid it under his bed.
Tom pushed the door shut.
Tom pushed the door open.
Tom pumped up the tire.
Tom promised to come, but hasn't shown up yet.
Tom promised never to be late again.
Tom's problem is that he lives in his own bubble.
Tom pressed his ear against the wall to see if he could hear what his parents were discussing in the next room.
Tom prepared dinner by himself.
Tom prefers to eat french fries with ketchup.
Tom prefers speaking French.
Tom predicted our success.
Tom prayed to God for help.
Tom practices playing the bassoon every day.
Tom poured cold water over himself to wake himself up.
Tom postponed his trip to Boston.
Tom pointed towards the mountain.
Tom plugged in the radio and turned it on.
Tom plays the vibraphone exceptionally well.
Tom plays the harmonica by ear.
Tom played the piano for three hours without taking a break.
Tom played Reveille on his bugle every morning.
Tom played an old Irish song on his new French horn.
Tom played a Spanish folk tune on his English horn at a Chinese restaurant in France.
Tom planted three apple trees in his yard.
Tom planted some explosives near the middle of the bridge.
Tom plans to stay here until it stops raining.
Tom plans to go to Boston next week.
Tom plans to go in spite of the bad weather.
Tom picked up the coins that had fallen behind the sofa.
Tom picked up that habit from his father.
Tom passed the test he took last Monday.
Tom passed his driving test on his first attempt.
Tom owns a lot of land just outside of Boston.
Tom overslept and missed the bus he usually rides.
Tom ought to know better at his age.
Tom opposed the plan.
Tom opened the window to get some fresh air.
Tom opened the door, even though I asked him not to.
Tom opened his eyes.
Tom only spent three dollars for his lunch.
Tom only slept for three hours last night.
Tom only has a slight foreign accent.
Tom only glanced at the headlines.
Tom only eats organic food.
Tom only eats lean meats and vegetables.
Tom often watches TV while eating dinner.
Tom often talks to his dog.
Tom often stays up most of the night.
Tom often skips meals.
Tom often sits in front of his computer all day.
Tom often munches on snacks while watching TV.
Tom often makes mistakes.
Tom often lies about his age.
Tom often has nightmares.
Tom often goes to Boston.
Tom often gets ear infections.
Tom often eats Thai food.
Tom often eats in bed.
Tom often drives too fast.
Tom often breaks promises.
Tom often acts like a baby when he can't get his way.
Tom objected to being treated like a child.
Tom noticed that his hands weren't clean.
Tom never works on Sunday.
Tom never talks about his job.
Tom never speaks unless spoken to.
Tom never seems to know what to say.
Tom never quarrels with his wife in public.
Tom never makes his bed.
Tom never goes anywhere by himself.
Tom never felt comfortable expressing his own opinion.
Tom never eats quiche.
Tom never drinks beer at home.
Tom never dates older women.
Tom neither confirmed nor denied the rumors.
Tom needs to update his website.
Tom needs to study more if he hopes to pass this class.
Tom needs to renew his passport before the fifteenth of next month.
Tom needs to make an urgent telephone call.
Tom needs to get some sleep.
Tom needs to get more exercise.
Tom needs to get into shape.
Tom needs to find an apartment not too far from where he works.
Tom needs to face the facts.
Tom needs to buy a new raincoat.
Tom needs someone to talk to.
Tom needs somebody to help him.
Tom needs at least nine hours of sleep every night or he can't function.
Tom needs a sharp knife.
Tom needs a new pair of glasses.
Tom needs a job.
Tom needs a dry towel.
Tom needed someone to help him.
Tom needed some time to think things over.
Tom nearly died after eating some raw liver.
Tom must have been at home at that time.
Tom must decide what to do right away.
Tom must consider carefully whether he really wants a divorce or not.
Tom must choose the second-best policy according to the circumstances.
Tom must choose between honor and death.
Tom has to change his shirt.
Tom must buy a pair of shoes. His old ones are all worn out.
Tom must be well off. He drives a very nice car.
Tom must be very happy after winning the race.
Tom must be tired after working all day in the hot sun.
Tom must be thirty or so.
Tom must be over thirty.
Tom must be over thirty by now.
Tom must be nearly thirty.
Tom must be more careful from now on.
Tom must be home by 2:30.
Tom must be from Boston.
Tom must be at least thirty years old.
Tom must be about thirty.
Tom moved to Boston three years ago.
Tom moved to a company that offered him a higher salary.
Tom mistakenly ate his entree with his salad fork.
Tom missed the last train.
Tom mispronounces many words.
Tom might possibly know the answer.
Tom might not know the answer.
Tom might not be as happy as he looks.
Tom might be able to help you.
Tom might be able to do that, but I doubt it.
Tom met with an unfortunate accident.
Tom mentioned that it was about time to leave.
Tom may use my video camera if he wants to.
Tom may use my video camera if he likes.
Tom may use my bicycle whenever he wants.
Tom may possibly be lying about that.
Tom may not come.
Tom may have been there. I don't know.
Tom may have been sleeping at the time.
Tom may eat wherever he wants to.
Tom may eat whenever he wants to.
Tom may eat whatever he wants to.
Tom may do whatever he likes with what I gave him.
Tom may do as he likes.
Tom may come and visit me any time he wants to.
Tom may choose whichever color he likes.
Tom may borrow my car any afternoon next week.
Tom may be under thirty.
Tom may be the only one who can solve this problem.
Tom managed to sell his car for a lot of money.
Tom managed to finish the work without any help.
Tom managed to escape from the room where his kidnappers had kept him locked up.
Tom managed a small bar near Boston for quite a few years.
Tom makes it a rule to meditate every morning.
Tom makes it a rule not to eat after 8:p.m.
Tom makes a living as a traveling salesman.
Tom makes a good living.
Tom makes $a week working at a resort hotel.
Tom majored in psychology.
Tom majored in business.
Tom made up his mind to become a newspaperman.
Tom made up his mind to become a teacher.
Tom made up his mind to be a helicopter pilot.
Tom made thirty thousand dollars last month.
Tom made the baseball team.
Tom made sure that his children ate everything on their plates.
Tom made me look through his photo album.
Tom made many mistakes.
Tom made it on time.
Tom made his servants eat in the dark.
Tom made himself a peanut butter sandwich for lunch.
Tom made enough soup to serve twenty people.
Tom made enough sandwiches to feed everyone.
Tom made a wise decision.
Tom made a reservation for three days at the Hilton Hotel.
Tom made a mistake.
Tom made a list of things he wanted to do before he died.
Tom made a list of things he needs to buy.
Tom made a list of songs he doesn't like.
Tom made a list of places he wants to visit.
Tom made a good speech.
Tom made a frantic attempt to finish painting the fence before dark.
Tom made a fool of himself.
Tom made a few serious mistakes.
Tom made a few mistakes on the test.
Tom made a complete fool of himself.
Tom made a big mistake.
Tom loves zombie movies and watches them whenever he can.
Tom loves to bully younger students.
Tom loves taking trips.
Tom loves singing.
Tom loves fried chicken.
Tom loves fishing.
Tom loves coming here since he thinks this place serves the only fast food worth eating.
Tom loves being outdoors.
Tom lost the shopping list his mother had given him and just bought things he wanted to eat.
Tom lost the key to his dorm room.
Tom lost interest in his job.
Tom lost his way.
Tom lost his way in the woods.
Tom lost his voice.
Tom lost his memory.
Tom lost all of his money.
Tom loses his temper easily.
Tom looks young.
Tom looks worried.
Tom looks very happy.
Tom looks tired. Please take him home.
Tom looks tired.
Tom looks the same as before.
Tom looks strong.
Tom looks sad.
Tom looks older than he really is.
Tom looks much better now.
Tom looks healthier than he used to.
Tom looks happy today.
Tom looks funny wearing those shoes.
Tom looks dignified.
Tom looks bored.
Tom looked very happy.
Tom looked lonely.
Tom looked happy.
Tom looked at himself in the mirror.
Tom looked as if he hadn't eaten for days.
Tom looked around the room for his keys.
Tom looked very tired when I saw him yesterday.
Tom locked himself out of his house.
Tom locked himself in the bathroom.
Tom locked himself in the bathroom and started to cry.
Tom lives with his parents.
Tom lives somewhere around here.
Tom lives on the third floor of this apartment building.
Tom lives in a three-bedroom house on the outskirts of Boston.
Tom lives in a house without running water.
Tom lives from hand to mouth.
Tom lives around here somewhere.
Tom lived with his uncle in Boston while going to college.
Tom lived to be 97.
Tom lived to be years old.
Tom lived in that small house for a little over ten years.
Tom lived in an interesting part of Boston.
Tom lived in a tent next to the river while he attended summer school.
Tom lived here three years ago.
Tom listens to the radio while eating breakfast.
Tom listened to music in his room until late at night.
Tom likes watching TV in the evening.
Tom likes vanilla ice cream.
Tom likes to write poems and song lyrics.
Tom likes to sit up front.
Tom likes to do almost everything by himself.
Tom likes to be mysterious.
Tom likes taking walks by himself.
Tom likes oranges and eats three or four a week.
Tom likes listening to the radio when he's driving.
Tom likes lacrosse.
Tom likes dogs better than cats.
Tom likes coffee better than tea.
Tom likes chocolate very much.
Tom likes camping on the beach.
Tom likes Boston better than any other place he's lived.
Tom likes being alone.
Tom likes listening to American English the most, but he also likes the sound of Irish English.
Tom let the cat out.
Tom let out a deep breath.
Tom let me down.
Tom left without saying goodbye.
Tom left to go fishing shortly before dawn.
Tom left three days ago.
Tom left the window open.
Tom left the room without saying a word to anyone.
Tom left the house with his briefcase.
Tom left the house to his son.
Tom left the house after eating lunch.
Tom left the house after breakfast.
Tom left the door unlocked.
Tom left the door open.
Tom left the city late that night to avoid getting arrested.
Tom left nothing to chance.
Tom left his work half done so he could get to the station in time.
Tom left his wife at home with the children.
Tom left his umbrella on the bus.
Tom left his textbook in the car.
Tom left his son a fortune.
Tom left his house before dawn.
Tom left his briefcase on his desk.
Tom left at midnight.
Tom left a few minutes ago.
Tom learned to swim last summer.
Tom learned how to swim when he was three.
Tom learned French while living in Quebec.
Tom leaned against the wall.
Tom leafed through the magazine that was on the coffee table.
Tom lay awake all night.
Tom lacks motivation.
Tom lacks experience.
Tom knows who killed his dog.
Tom knows who killed his dog, but he won't tell us.
Tom knows where to go to get the best prices.
Tom knows where the money is hidden.
Tom knows some French.
Tom knows how to play the viola.
Tom knows how to fly a helicopter.
Tom knows everything there is to know about Italian cars.
Tom knows everything there is to know about cars.
Tom knows Boston well.
Tom knows a woman who doesn't like to eat chocolate.
Tom knows a shortcut.
Tom knows a man who lives in Boston.
Tom knows a lot of people.
Tom knows a lot about computers.
Tom knows a lot about American history.
Tom knows a good Chinese restaurant not too far from his office.
Tom knows a girl who can speak French quite well.
Tom knows a few magic tricks.
Tom knows a boy who can ride a unicycle.
Tom knocked on the door.
Tom knew where to go.
Tom knew what was hidden in the cave.
Tom knew the truth, but he didn't let anyone know that he knew it.
Tom knew that salads were healthy, so he ate at least one salad a day.
Tom kicked the ball.
Tom kept the secret to himself.
Tom kept silent about his crime for years.
Tom kept me waiting for more than minutes.
Tom kept his hat on to hide his baldness.
Tom kept a list of all the food he'd eaten that week.
Tom keeps every letter his mother sends him.
Tom keeps an extra pair of shoes in the trunk of his car.
Tom keeps a spare key hidden in his garden.
Tom keeps a pair of binoculars in the glove compartment of his car.
Tom keeps a diary.
Tom keeps a diary in French.
Tom just got up and still isn't quite awake.
Tom just got out of the bath and his hair is still wet.
Tom just can't make up his mind.
Tom just barely managed to earn enough money to pay the rent.
Tom just barely earns enough to live on.
Tom jumped to his feet.
Tom jumped out of the tree.
Tom jumped out of bed as soon as the alarm clock went off.
Tom jumped into the lake.
Tom jumped into the cold water.
Tom jumped across the mud puddle.
Tom jogs three times a week.
Tom isn't afraid of death.
Tom isn't your average guy. He doesn't like things most guys like and he doesn't like to do things most men enjoy doing.
Tom isn't yet ready to receive visitors.
Tom isn't well today.
Tom isn't watching TV now. He's sleeping.
Tom isn't very sociable.
Tom isn't very open to criticism.
Tom isn't very good at sports.
Tom isn't very different from anybody else.
Tom isn't up yet.
Tom isn't the man he used to be.
Tom isn't the least bit worried about the weather.
Tom isn't the kind of person who blames others for his mistakes.
Tom isn't the guitarist he used to be.
Tom isn't tall.
Tom isn't sure yet whether he'll go or not.
Tom isn't sure whether he locked the door.
Tom isn't supposed to smoke at work, but he does.
Tom isn't stupid.
Tom isn't studying French now.
Tom isn't strict enough with his students.
Tom isn't so tall.
Tom isn't ready yet.
Tom isn't qualified to teach high school.
Tom isn't old enough to understand this.
Tom isn't much to look at.
Tom isn't much of an athlete.
Tom isn't much of a singer.
Tom isn't married.
Tom isn't lonely now.
Tom isn't interested in politics at all.
Tom isn't himself today.
Tom isn't here.
Tom isn't here, so I'm really sad.
Tom isn't here yet.
Tom isn't here yet, but we expect him soon.
Tom isn't here now.
Tom isn't here at the moment.
Tom isn't good at sports.
Tom isn't good at math.
Tom isn't going anywhere this afternoon.
Tom isn't feeling well.
Tom isn't familiar with that subject.
Tom isn't easily surprised.
Tom isn't doing much business during these bad economic times.
Tom isn't cut out to be a teacher.
Tom isn't cold at all.
Tom isn't certain about the answer.
Tom isn't available at the moment.
Tom isn't at home now.
Tom isn't at all selfish.
Tom isn't as young as I am.
Tom isn't as young as he looks.
Tom isn't as tall as I am.
Tom isn't as stupid as he looks.
Tom isn't as strong as before.
Tom isn't as smart as he looks.
Tom isn't as old as I am.
Tom isn't as old as he looks.
Tom isn't as healthy as he used to be.
Tom isn't as good at French as he thinks he is.
Tom isn't as good a golfer as he says he is.
Tom isn't always late, but he often is.
Tom isn't all that honest.
Tom isn't afraid to fail.
Tom isn't afraid of snakes, even poisonous ones.
Tom isn't afraid of anything.
Tom isn't accustomed to walking barefooted.
Tom isn't able to drive yet.
Tom isn't a morning person.
Tom isn't a man of many words.
Tom isn't a Japanese citizen.
Tom isn't a good cook.
Tom isn't a fool.
Tom isn't a fluent speaker of French.
Tom isn't a crook.
Tom isn't a bad person.
Tom is wrong.
Tom is writing a novel now.
Tom is worried about losing his job.
Tom is working on another novel.
Tom is wondering about what to do next.
Tom is willing to do that for you.
Tom is willing to do almost anything for money.
Tom is well paid for the work he does.
Tom is well aware of the problem.
Tom is wearing a heavy coat and gloves.
Tom is wanted by the FBI for kidnapping.
Tom is waiting to see what will happen.
Tom is waiting to see how things will develop.
Tom is waiting for you inside.
Tom is waiting for you at the front door.
Tom is very tired.
Tom is very tall.
Tom is very stingy.
Tom is very smart.
Tom is very sleepy, because he didn't sleep well last night.
Tom is very romantic.
Tom is very proud of both his son and his daughter.
Tom is very particular about what he eats.
Tom is very old.
Tom is very nice to me.
Tom is very knowledgeable about Japanese art.
Tom is very interested in water sports.
Tom is very interested in learning French.
Tom is very interested in jazz.
Tom is very hungry.
Tom is very hardworking.
Tom is very handsome.
Tom is very good at playing songs by Eric Clapton.
Tom is very glad that school is over.
Tom is very fussy about what he eats.
Tom is very dexterous.
Tom is very busy right now.
Tom is very busy at this time.
Tom is usually drunk by this time of day.
Tom is usually at home on Sunday evenings.
Tom is used to living alone.
Tom is used to hard work.
Tom is used to getting up early.
Tom is used to driving a pickup truck, but he's never driven one of those really big trucks.
Tom is used to doing his own cooking.
Tom is used to cooking on a campfire.
Tom is up to his neck in debt.
Tom is up for a promotion.
Tom is unsociable.
Tom is unqualified for that job.
Tom is unpopular.
Tom is unmarried.
Tom is unlikely to come by himself.
Tom is unfit for that job.
Tom is under pressure to find a solution to this problem.
Tom is trying to lose weight.
Tom is trying to learn French.
Tom is trying to do the impossible.
Tom is trying to avoid drinks with sugar.
Tom is too young to travel alone.
Tom is too young to go there by himself.
Tom is too young to drink.
Tom is too young to apply for the job.
Tom is too tired to study.
Tom is too lenient with his students.
Tom is too drunk to drive. Could you take him home?
Tom is too busy to go today.
Tom is too busy now to talk to you.
Tom is three years old now.
Tom is three months behind in paying his rent.
Tom is thirty-one.
Tom is thirty years old.
Tom is thirty at most.
Tom is thinking of selling his house.
Tom is thinking of going to Boston next spring.
Tom is the youngest child in his family.
Tom is the very best person for the job.
Tom is the same age as I am.
Tom is the right man for the job.
Tom is the perfect son.
Tom is the perfect gentleman.
Tom is the perfect father.
Tom is the owner of a supermarket.
Tom is the only witness to the crime.
Tom is the only person who can help me.
Tom is the only person who can do this job.
Tom is the only one here that can do this.
Tom is the only man in the world that is likely to break that record.
Tom is the only man in the world that can pull this off.
Tom is the one who usually ends up feeding our dog.
Tom is the one who should be blamed for the failure.
Tom is the next in line for promotion.
Tom is the most influential man in Boston.
Tom is the legal owner of this piece of land.
Tom is the last person I want to see right now.
Tom is the kind of man I like.
Tom is the kind of guy that argues for fun.
Tom is the father of three children.
Tom is the father of the bride.
Tom is the captain of our team.
Tom is the black sheep of the family.
Tom is the black sheep of his family.
Tom is the best man for the job.
Tom is terribly busy at this time.
Tom is tall.
Tom is taking a couple of days off next week.
Tom is taking a bath now.
Tom is swamped with work.
Tom is sure to be fired.
Tom is sure to accomplish whatever he sets out to do.
Tom is supposed to go to Boston next week.
Tom is supposed to be in Boston by now.
Tom is supposed to be here by 2:30.
Tom is sufficiently well off to buy a house anywhere he wants.
Tom is suffering from a cold.
Tom is studying to be a mechanical engineer.
Tom is studying French.
Tom is still uncertain about whether to go to college or not.
Tom is still too young to drink beer.
Tom is still out of the town.
Tom is still just as poor as he used to be.
Tom is still just as handsome as he used to be.
Tom is still just as friendly as he used to be.
Tom is still just a boy.
Tom is still in his teens.
Tom is still in Boston.
Tom is still in bed.
Tom is still dependent on his parents.
Tom is still being held captive.
Tom is still a prisoner.
Tom is spraying his garden.
Tom is smart.
Tom is slightly under the weather today.
Tom is sick.
Tom is short.
Tom is shopping for a heavy coat.
Tom is seldom late.
Tom is seldom late for school.
Tom is seldom late for appointments.
Tom is scheduled to give a concert in Boston on October 20th.
Tom is running short of money.
Tom is right-handed.
Tom is responsible for this accident.
Tom is really sorry.
Tom is really good at memorizing songs.
Tom is ready to settle down and start a family.
Tom is ready to resort to violence in order to get what he wants.
Tom is ready for a fight.
Tom is reading a novel by Sidney Sheldon now.
Tom is rarely late.
Tom is rarely late for appointments.
Tom is quite often late for school.
Tom is quite knowledgeable about modern popular music.
Tom is quite good at cooking.
Tom is quiet.
Tom is qualified to be a heart surgeon.
Tom is probably lost.
Tom is pretty sure that he can't become pregnant.
Tom is pretty sure everything will go well.
Tom is prepared for whatever may happen.
Tom is prepared for anything that may happen.
Tom is prepared for any emergency.
Tom is positive that he isn't wrong.
Tom is poor.
Tom is planning to redecorate his bedroom.
Tom is perfectly satisfied with his current salary.
Tom is patient.
Tom is past thirty.
Tom is out of work.
Tom is out of work now.
Tom is out of work at this time.
Tom is out of the country.
Tom is out of his mind.
Tom is out of breath and needs to take a break.
Tom is out now.
Tom is out at the moment.
Tom is only a beginner.
Tom is one of the most talented people I know.
Tom is one of the most respected men in the business world.
Tom is one of the few people I can trust.
Tom is on the night shift this week.
Tom is on the day shift this month.
Tom is on the committee in charge of the event.
Tom is on the baseball team.
Tom is on his way home.
Tom is on his own now.
Tom is on duty now.
Tom is on a low-fat, high-protein diet.
Tom is old enough to vote.
Tom is old enough to know right from wrong.
Tom is old enough to know better.
Tom is old enough to drive.
Tom is often late for work.
Tom is often late for school.
Tom is often absent from school.
Tom is off duty today.
Tom is now in police custody.
Tom is now in his prime.
Tom is nothing but trouble.
Tom is no longer studying French.
Tom is no longer our prime suspect.
Tom is no longer my friend.
Tom is no longer living in Boston.
Tom is no longer a student here.
Tom is never satisfied.
Tom is never on time.
Tom is never late for school.
Tom is nervous.
Tom is much younger than he looks.
Tom is much surprised at the news.
Tom is much older than I am.
Tom is much older than he looks.
Tom is moving out of town at the end of this month.
Tom is mistaken if he thinks that he can always have his own way.
Tom is married and has three children.
Tom is making vacation plans now.
Tom is making great progress in French.
Tom is majoring in architecture.
Tom is lying on the sofa watching TV.
Tom is lying on the grass under an apple tree.
Tom is loyal to his wife.
Tom is looking into the situation.
Tom is looking forward to Christmas.
Tom is looking for someone to help him build a wall.
Tom is looking for his glasses.
Tom is looking for a suitable place to hold the meeting.
Tom is looking for a reasonably-priced used car.
Tom is living in Boston.
Tom is likely to end up in prison if he doesn't straighten up.
Tom is likely to arrive before 2:30.
Tom is left-handed, but he writes with his right hand.
Tom is leaving on a trip on Friday.
Tom is leaving for India next Friday.
Tom is learning to write programs in JavaScript.
Tom is learning how to play the piccolo.
Tom is learning French.
Tom is lazy.
Tom is kind of tired. He wants to go home.
Tom is just the man I've been looking for.
Tom is just a kid.
Tom is irritating because he always has to have the last word in any argument.
Tom is irritating because he always has to have his own way.
Tom is interested in many things.
Tom is interested in French music.
Tom is interested in French literature.
Tom is interested in French history.
Tom is intelligent.
Tom is in very good health.
Tom is in the prime of his life.
Tom is in prison.
Tom is in need of help.
Tom is in his room now.
Tom is in his office.
Tom is in his late thirties.
Tom is in his early thirties.
Tom is in good health.
Tom is in danger of failing this class.
Tom is in bed with the flu.
Tom is in bad shape these days.
Tom is in a lot of pain, but he says that he can take it.
Tom is in a bad mood today.
Tom is in a bad mood this morning.
Tom is hunting for a job.
Tom is hoping that he can hitch a ride to Boston.
Tom is his usual self today.
Tom is his own worst enemy.
Tom is having trouble making ends meet.
Tom is having trouble dealing with his son's suicide.
Tom is having trouble coping with the fact that his son committed suicide.
Tom is having a hard time deciding what to wear to the party.
Tom is having a bit of trouble with his new car.
Tom is hardly ever late for appointments.
Tom is hard up for money.
Tom is hard to please.
Tom is hard to get along with.
Tom is hard to deal with.
Tom is hard of hearing.
Tom is happy.
Tom is grown up now.
Tom is growing a beard.
Tom is good with his hands and has built many interesting things.
Tom is good at swimming.
Tom is good at speaking French.
Tom is good at skiing.
Tom is good at singing.
Tom is good at rugby.
Tom is good at driving.
Tom is good at avoiding fights.
Tom is going to put his house up for sale.
Tom is going to get divorced.
Tom is going to buy a new car next weekend.
Tom is going to be thirty next year.
Tom is going on thirty.
Tom is glad the school year is finally over.
Tom is giving a concert at the end of this month.
Tom is given a bonus three times a year.
Tom is getting rid of his old car.
Tom is generous with his time.
Tom is generous with his money.
Tom is fully aware of the problem.
Tom is full of hope.
Tom is from Boston, but now he lives in Chicago.
Tom is from Boston.
Tom is fatter now than when I last saw him.
Tom is facing financial problems.
Tom is facing a few serious problems.
Tom is extremely busy now.
Tom is expected to arrive momentarily.
Tom is expected to arrive any minute now.
Tom is excited about the upcoming game.
Tom is embarrassed by what he did.
Tom is easygoing.
Tom is easy to talk to.
Tom is easy to get along with.
Tom is eager to live in Boston.
Tom is eager to go to Boston.
Tom is due to arrive here soon.
Tom is drawing a picture of a small boy and his dog.
Tom is down with a cold.
Tom is divorced.
Tom is deaf in the left ear.
Tom is deaf in one ear.
Tom is currently working on that problem.
Tom is convinced that his mother doesn't want to eat now.
Tom is completely wrong for the job.
Tom is coming to the party, too.
Tom is close to thirty.
Tom is certainly over thirty.
Tom is certain to come on time.
Tom is capable of doing it.
Tom is by far the best singer performing at this club.
Tom is bound to lose the race.
Tom is boiling the potatoes to make potato salad.
Tom is blind in one eye.
Tom is better off than he was this time last year.
Tom is better off than he used to be.
Tom is being hunted by the police.
Tom is being charged with murder.
Tom is behind in his rent.
Tom is banned from entering this building.
Tom is bald.
Tom is aware of the danger.
Tom is at the top of his class.
Tom is at home almost every evening.
Tom is at his desk.
Tom is asleep.
Tom is as healthy as ever.
Tom is apt to go to extremes.
Tom is an impulsive buyer.
Tom is an excellent skier.
Tom is an established writer.
Tom is an effective salesman.
Tom is an amateur.
Tom is an accountant.
Tom is ambidextrous.
Tom is always trying to make everybody think he's cool.
Tom is always trying to be cool.
Tom is always on my mind.
Tom is always in a hurry.
Tom is always complaining about one thing or another.
Tom is always complaining about his wife.
Tom is always complaining about his job.
Tom is always busy.
Tom is already married.
Tom is almost never late.
Tom is almost never late for appointments.
Tom is almost always cheerful.
Tom is almost always at home on Sundays.
Tom is allergic to peanuts.
Tom is all alone with no one to talk to.
Tom is against smoking.
Tom is afraid to go out alone at night.
Tom is afraid of the dark.
Tom is afraid of snakes.
Tom is afraid of heights.
Tom is afraid of dying.
Tom is afraid of dogs.
Tom is afraid of commitment.
Tom is accustomed to working outside.
Tom is about to leave.
Tom is able to come to our party tomorrow.
Tom is a workaholic.
Tom is a wonderful artist.
Tom is a well-known painter.
Tom is a wealthy man.
Tom is a veteran.
Tom is a very talented musician.
Tom is a very strong man.
Tom is a very strange person.
Tom is a very smart boy.
Tom is a very perceptive man.
Tom is a very patient man.
Tom is a very outgoing person.
Tom is a very lazy boy.
Tom is a very kind and generous man.
Tom is a very good friend.
Tom is a very fast swimmer.
Tom is a very effective speaker.
Tom is a very careful driver.
Tom is a very busy person.
Tom is a very able teacher.
Tom is a typical Canadian.
Tom is a true man.
Tom is a truck driver.
Tom is a thief.
Tom is a stranger here.
Tom is a smooth talker.
Tom is a slow walker.
Tom is a sloppy painter.
Tom is a skillful carpenter.
Tom is a shy boy.
Tom is a self-educated man.
Tom is a scientist.
Tom is a rude person.
Tom is a reporter.
Tom is a reckless driver.
Tom is a really nice guy.
Tom is a really good singer-songwriter.
Tom is a promising young man.
Tom is a pretty amazing person.
Tom is a picky eater and seldom tries anything new.
Tom is a new student.
Tom is a native speaker of French.
Tom is a Muslim.
Tom is a man you can rely on.
Tom is a man who can be trusted.
Tom is a man of his word.
Tom is a man of few words.
Tom is a man of few wants.
Tom is a little over thirty.
Tom is a househusband.
Tom is a high school dropout.
Tom is a hard man to deal with.
Tom is a handsome man.
Tom is a good swimmer.
Tom is a good student.
Tom is a good singer.
Tom is a good listener.
Tom is a good guitarist.
Tom is a good friend of mine.
Tom is a good French speaker.
Tom is a good driver.
Tom is a good customer.
Tom is a good chess player.
Tom is a good athlete.
Tom is a fussy eater.
Tom is a friend of a friend of mine.
Tom is a fast runner.
Tom is a fast driver.
Tom is a fairly decent golfer.
Tom is a detective.
Tom is a dependable person.
Tom is a computer programmer.
Tom is a compulsive gambler.
Tom is a college student.
Tom is a Christian.
Tom is a Canadian citizen.
Tom is a bundle of nerves.
Tom is a brave man.
Tom is a bit busy, so he can't help you today.
Tom is a big eater.
Tom is a beginner.
Tom is a bad driver.
Tom is a bad cook.
Tom is a bad boy.
Tom is a bachelor.
Tom is a 33-year-old man.
Tom ironed his shirt.
Tom intends to stay in Boston for three days.
Tom intends to become a journalist.
Tom intended to visit Boston last month.
Tom insists on eating fruit every day.
Tom insisted on paying the bill.
Tom injured himself when he jumped out of the window.
Tom hurt his leg while playing football.
Tom hurt his knee when he fell down.
Tom hung the three pairs of wet jeans on the clothesline.
Tom hung his coat on one of the hooks near the door.
Tom hung a dark curtain over the window.
Tom hopes that it'll be fine tomorrow.
Tom hopes that it doesn't snow tomorrow.
Tom hopes he doesn't flunk out of school.
Tom hopes he didn't botch the job.
Tom hoped the rain would stop before he had to walk home.
Tom hid under the bed.
Tom hid some papers behind his back.
Tom hid his money under his mattress.
Tom hid himself behind the curtain.
Tom hid behind the door.
Tom hesitated to bring up the subject.
Tom helped his son get dressed.
Tom held his breath.
Tom heard the sound of rain on the tin roof.
Tom heard the door open.
Tom heard someone running down the hall.
Tom heard a knock at the door.
Tom hates to admit that he's a member of the older generation.
Tom hates his job.
Tom hasn't yet heard anything definite about whether he got into Harvard or not.
Tom hasn't lost any weight even though he says he's been dieting.
Tom hasn't heard from him for several months.
Tom hasn't got much money with him.
Tom hasn't finished his homework yet.
Tom hasn't finished all his homework yet.
Tom hasn't even started studying for the exam yet.
Tom hasn't done anything to be ashamed of.
Tom hasn't cleaned the kitchen yet.
Tom hasn't bought a new pair of shoes in three years.
Tom hasn't been sick in a long time.
Tom hasn't been busy for three days.
Tom hasn't been able to go to school for three weeks.
Tom has written three novels.
Tom has written three books.
Tom has waited for three hours.
Tom has visited Boston three times.
Tom has two sons. One is a doctor and the other is a lawyer.
Tom has two sons. Both of them live in Boston.
Tom has two girlfriends who don't know about each other.
Tom has turned thirty.
Tom has trouble judging distances.
Tom has trouble concentrating on one thing.
Tom has too much work to do.
Tom has to take the test again.
Tom has to take medicine every three hours.
Tom has to study hard and catch up with the other students in his class.
Tom has to look for a job.
Tom has to learn to relax.
Tom has to learn Japanese because he's going to Japan next year.
Tom has to have an operation on his back.
Tom has to go to work.
Tom has to go to the bank.
Tom has to go home now.
Tom has to go even if it rains.
Tom has to get up early.
Tom has to follow our rules.
Tom has to finish this work by 2:30.
Tom has to dress up for work.
Tom has to do a lot of things before noon.
Tom has to clean his room before 2:30.
Tom has to be there by 2:30.
Tom has to be home by 2:30.
Tom has to be careful about what he eats.
Tom has to be careful about what he eats at restaurants because he's allergic to many foods.
Tom has to be back home by 2:30.
Tom has three uncles.
Tom has three thousand yen in his pocket.
Tom has three thousand books.
Tom has three sons.
Tom has three pieces of baggage.
Tom has three pens in his pocket.
Tom has three older sisters.
Tom has three older brothers.
Tom has three nieces.
Tom has three months left until he graduates.
Tom has three million dollars in the bank.
Tom has three ex-wives.
Tom has three dogs.
Tom has three daughters.
Tom has three cousins.
Tom has three children.
Tom has three children to support.
Tom has three cats.
Tom has three cars.
Tom has three cameras.
Tom has three brothers.
Tom has three apple trees in his yard.
Tom has the right to vote.
Tom has the perfect alibi.
Tom has the knack of making people cry.
Tom has started to get a few wrinkles on his forehead.
Tom has something in his hand.
Tom has short hair.
Tom has run short of money.
Tom has returned from Boston.
Tom has quite a lot of money.
Tom has quite a career ahead of him.
Tom has put on some weight.
Tom has put his car up for sale.
Tom has poor eyesight.
Tom has plenty of money in the bank.
Tom has over three million dollars deposited in that bank.
Tom has only a week to decide.
Tom has nothing to complain about.
Tom has nothing better to do right now.
Tom has not yet been told of his father's death.
Tom has no sense of style.
Tom has no sense of shame.
Tom has no sense of humor.
Tom has no one to turn to for help.
Tom has no one to help him.
Tom has no objection to your plan.
Tom has no money in his pocket.
Tom has no interest in politics.
Tom has no interest in golf.
Tom has no intention of staying in Boston for the rest of his life.
Tom has no intention of going there by himself.
Tom has no idea where he left his keys.
Tom has no idea how much it will cost.
Tom has no idea how long it will take.
Tom has no desire to learn how to speak French.
Tom has no desire to go to Boston.
Tom has no conception of what it's like to be in love.
Tom has no common sense.
Tom has no classes at all on Monday.
Tom has no choice but to quit.
Tom has nice skin.
Tom has never seen a UFO.
Tom has never killed anybody.
Tom has never had much money.
Tom has never had a heart attack.
Tom has never gone to Boston.
Tom has never been to Boston.
Tom has more money than he knows what to do with.
Tom has money enough to buy the house he wants.
Tom has many things to do today.
Tom has many friends living in Boston.
Tom has made up his mind to go to Boston to study.
Tom has made plans for a trip to Boston.
Tom has low blood pressure.
Tom has lost weight recently.
Tom has lost interest in studying French.
Tom has lost his keys.
Tom has lost his job.
Tom has lost a lot of weight.
Tom has lost a lot of weight recently.
Tom has lived in Boston for a long time.
Tom has lived in Boston all his life.
Tom has lived alone ever since his wife died.
Tom has little chance of winning the election.
Tom has just returned from the post office.
Tom has just returned from Boston.
Tom has just finished washing dishes.
Tom has just come back from Boston.
Tom has his own bedroom.
Tom has high blood pressure.
Tom has hiccups.
Tom has heartburn.
Tom has hay fever.
Tom has had trouble with his left eye ever since the accident.
Tom has had trouble walking ever since he was six years old.
Tom has had a heart attack.
Tom has gotten older and he doesn't go out as often as he used to.
Tom has good reflexes.
Tom has good hearing.
Tom has good eyesight.
Tom has gone to Boston.
Tom has gone to Boston on urgent business.
Tom has gone to Boston on business.
Tom has gone mad.
Tom has gained a lot of weight recently.
Tom has found another job.
Tom has finished cleaning out the garage.
Tom has enough money to do whatever he wants to do.
Tom has decided to live in Boston for the rest of his life.
Tom has decided to keep a diary this year.
Tom has decided to go.
Tom has decided not to do anything about the matter.
Tom has changed his email address recently.
Tom has changed a lot since then.
Tom has changed a lot since the last time I saw him.
Tom has called me many times this past week.
Tom has brown hair.
Tom has blue eyes.
Tom has big hands.
Tom has been working in an investment bank for the last few years.
Tom has been warned more than once.
Tom has been waiting for slightly over an hour.
Tom has been trying to get rid of the mice in his house.
Tom has been trying to get a loan from a bank.
Tom has been to many places in and around Boston.
Tom has been to Boston only once.
Tom has been to Boston many times.
Tom has been taken into protective custody.
Tom has been suffering from a headache all day.
Tom has been studying in his room since dinner.
Tom has been studying French for three years.
Tom has been studying French for the last three years.
Tom has been studying French for about three years.
Tom has been sitting on the riverbank for hours.
Tom has been sick for a very long time.
Tom has been reading a book all afternoon.
Tom has been racking his brains for a solution to the problem.
Tom has been putting on weight recently.
Tom has been on a diet for three months.
Tom has been living in Boston for almost ten years.
Tom has been in the hospital for three months.
Tom has been in the hospital for a few months.
Tom has been in prison for three years.
Tom has been in Boston for a week.
Tom has been going to that beach every summer since he was very young.
Tom has been eating too much pork.
Tom has been dead for three years.
Tom has been busy all morning.
Tom has been avoiding me like the plague ever since he broke my glasses.
Tom has been avoiding me like the plague ever since he borrowed my car.
Tom has an uncle who is a banker.
Tom has an outgoing personality.
Tom has an aunt who is in prison.
Tom has an appointment at 2:30.
Tom has always had trouble reading between the lines.
Tom has already gone to bed.
Tom has already gone home.
Tom has already finished the book he started reading last night.
Tom has already finished breakfast.
Tom has already drunk three cups of coffee.
Tom has already achieved many of his goals.
Tom has accumulated a lot of junk.
Tom has a wife who's an alcoholic.
Tom has a very decent salary.
Tom has a toothache.
Tom has a tendency to talk too loudly.
Tom has a tendency to exaggerate.
Tom has a tattoo on his left arm.
Tom has a stuffed-up nose.
Tom has a strong sense of responsibility.
Tom has a stiff neck.
Tom has a son who is a dentist.
Tom has a son who is a construction worker.
Tom has a small farm just outside of Boston.
Tom has a sister who is a lawyer.
Tom has a right to know the truth.
Tom has a reputation for always being late.
Tom has a poor memory.
Tom has a pain in the shoulder.
Tom has a pain in his big toe on his right foot.
Tom has a nice smile.
Tom has a nice camera.
Tom has a new pair of sunglasses.
Tom has a low-pitched voice.
Tom has a loud voice.
Tom has a lot to learn.
Tom has a lot on his mind.
Tom has a lot of willpower.
Tom has a lot of things to do this morning before he leaves the house.
Tom has a lot of religious books, but he has never read them.
Tom has a lot of patience.
Tom has a lot of money.
Tom has a lot of money in the bank.
Tom has a lot of homework to do this evening.
Tom has a lot of good ideas.
Tom has a lot of free time.
Tom has a lot more money than I have.
Tom has a house not too far from here.
Tom has a high-pitched voice.
Tom has a great sense of humor.
Tom has a good sense of humor.
Tom has a good memory.
Tom has a good head on his shoulders.
Tom has a good chance of winning the election.
Tom has a good chance of getting elected.
Tom has a funny way of laughing.
Tom has a friend whose mother is a veterinarian.
Tom has a friend whose father is an astronaut.
Tom has a friend who lives in Boston.
Tom has a friend who is a wrestling coach.
Tom has a friend living in Boston.
Tom has a few friends in Boston.
Tom has a dentist appointment at 2:30.
Tom has a degree in music education.
Tom has a deep voice.
Tom has a daughter who's married to an Australian.
Tom has a daughter who is a musician.
Tom has a daughter about your age.
Tom has a craving for chocolate ice cream.
Tom has a cousin who is a doctor.
Tom has a cough.
Tom has a cold.
Tom has a bruise on his right leg.
Tom has a brother who is an architect.
Tom has a big mouth.
Tom has a big house.
Tom has a big family.
Tom has a beautiful wife.
Tom has a beard just like his father, grandfathers and brothers do.
Tom has a bad temper.
Tom has a bad reputation.
Tom has a bad headache.
Tom has a bad cold.
Tom has a backache.
Tom hardly ever complains to the boss.
Tom hardly ever buys anything at this store.
Tom hardly ever acts his age.
Tom hangs out at the local bar.
Tom's hands were tied behind his back.
Tom handed in a blank test paper.
Tom hadn't eaten since breakfast and was getting hungry.
Tom had trouble peeling the apple with his pocket knife.
Tom had trouble getting his suitcase opened.
Tom had trouble finding his key.
Tom had to walk home since his car broke down.
Tom had to wait in line for three hours.
Tom had to stay in the hospital for a week.
Tom had to pay a few more dollars.
Tom had to make a difficult decision.
Tom had to leave the movie theater before the movie was over.
Tom had to have his stomach pumped because he had accidentally eaten some rat poison.
Tom had to go to Boston on business.
Tom had to go there yesterday.
Tom had to go there alone.
Tom had to go himself.
Tom had to catch a taxi.
Tom had to answer the phone.
Tom had the whole house to himself.
Tom had the painting appraised by an expert before he bought it.
Tom had some money stolen from his tent.
Tom had some gum stuck on the bottom of one of his shoes.
Tom had plenty of opportunity to plant the bomb.
Tom had only planned to stay in Boston for just a day or two.
Tom had only one leg.
Tom had only himself to blame for the failure.
Tom had nothing to read.
Tom had nothing to hide.
Tom had nothing to eat.
Tom had nothing to drink.
Tom had nothing more to say.
Tom had nothing more to add.
Tom had nothing left to eat.
Tom had nothing left to drink.
Tom had no water to drink.
Tom had no time to waste.
Tom had no time to finish the story.
Tom had no say in the matter.
Tom had no problem doing it.
Tom had no place to go.
Tom had no one to turn to for help.
Tom had no one to help him.
Tom had no one but himself to blame.
Tom had no money.
Tom had no money with him at that time.
Tom had no money to pay for a cab.
Tom had no money left.
Tom had no friends to play with.
Tom had no food.
Tom had no conception of what fatherhood entailed.
Tom had no chance to express himself.
Tom had never been late for work before.
Tom had lots of fun at the party.
Tom had his wisdom teeth taken out.
Tom had his wallet stolen while he was in Boston.
Tom had his wallet stolen on the train.
Tom had his picture taken.
Tom had his picture taken with Mt. Fuji in the background.
Tom had his palm read.
Tom had his house painted white.
Tom had his chauffeur drive him to the theater.
Tom had his car stolen early last week.
Tom had fifty dollars in his pocket at the time.
Tom had every right to be angry.
Tom had enough sense to not go out by himself after dark.
Tom had dreams of becoming a famous tennis player.
Tom had difficulty learning French.
Tom had dark black hair when he was younger.
Tom had changed so much that I didn't recognize him.
Tom had barely enough money to pay his bills last month.
Tom had an accident.
Tom had already bought his ticket by the time I arrived.
Tom had a wonderful time when we were in Boston.
Tom had a weird dream last night.
Tom had a very long day.
Tom had a tooth pulled out last week.
Tom had a thoughtful look on his face.
Tom had a pain in his chest, so he went to the hospital.
Tom had a lot of work to do yesterday afternoon.
Tom had a lot of fun at the party.
Tom had a little too much.
Tom had a little too much to drink.
Tom had a little to drink.
Tom had a large audience at his concert last night.
Tom had a hideous hangover.
Tom had a hectic week.
Tom had a great weekend.
Tom had a great time.
Tom had a good time when he was in Boston.
Tom had a good idea.
Tom had a feeling that the plan wouldn't work.
Tom had a close brush with death.
Tom had a clear conscience.
Tom had a change of heart.
Tom had a chance to travel to Boston.
Tom had a bad stomachache.
Tom had a bad cold last month.
Tom grows strawberries in his garden.
Tom groped for the flashlight that had fallen behind the couch.
Tom gritted his teeth.
Tom grew up in Boston.
Tom grew a beard over the summer.
Tom graduated with honors.
Tom graduated in the top ten percent of his class.
Tom graduated from high school last year.
Tom grabbed the rope that was lowered from the helicopter.
Tom grabbed a hold of the rope.
Tom got very nervous when he was suddenly asked to make a speech.
Tom got very drunk.
Tom got up at six almost every day.
Tom got up at 6:as usual.
Tom got to work later than usual this morning. I wonder why.
Tom got to the station too late, so he missed the train.
Tom got to Boston yesterday.
Tom got tired of reading and wanted to go outside and play.
Tom got three presents for his birthday.
Tom got these tickets for nothing.
Tom got these tickets for free.
Tom got soaking wet.
Tom got shampoo in his eyes.
Tom got quite a few positive responses.
Tom got out of the taxi.
Tom got on the wrong train.
Tom got on the wrong bus.
Tom got on the 2:train.
Tom got off at the wrong station.
Tom got nervous.
Tom got lost in Boston.
Tom got into the car.
Tom got into the boat.
Tom got home at 6:30.
Tom got his hearing tested.
Tom got his hair cut.
Tom got his eyes tested.
Tom got here before noon.
Tom got drunk and drowned while taking a bath.
Tom got dressed in a hurry and ran out the door.
Tom got drenched to the skin.
Tom got away with the money.
Tom got angry when he found the door locked.
Tom got a part-time job to help pay for his tuition.
Tom got a lot of mosquito bites the last time he went camping.
Tom gorges himself whenever he eats at that restaurant.
Tom goes to work every day but Sunday.
Tom goes to work by motorcycle.
Tom goes to the library at least once a month.
Tom goes to school five days a week.
Tom goes to school by bicycle.
Tom goes to night school.
Tom goes to church on Sunday morning.
Tom goes to church every Sunday morning.
Tom goes to Boston every year.
Tom goes to bed at 10:30.
Tom goes shopping almost every morning.
Tom goes swimming about once a week.
Tom goes jogging almost every afternoon.
Tom goes for a walk every afternoon.
Tom goes camping every summer.
Tom glanced at his watch.
Tom usually gives easy-to-understand explanations.
Tom gives me the creeps.
Tom gets up early in the morning.
Tom gets up at 5:every morning.
Tom gave up running for class president.
Tom gave up hope.
Tom gave up his teaching job to become a full-time studio musician.
Tom gave the waiter a very good tip.
Tom gave the baby a bath.
Tom gave his seat to an elderly lady.
Tom gave away all his money, then committed suicide.
Tom gave a very long speech yesterday.
Tom gave a vague answer.
Tom gave a short talk.
Tom gave a detailed answer.
Tom gathered together all his belongings.
Tom found what he was looking for.
Tom found the test difficult.
Tom found the office door locked.
Tom found the keys he thought he had lost.
Tom found the key he had been looking for.
Tom found the information he was looking for online.
Tom found the drawer empty.
Tom found the door locked.
Tom found the chair quite comfortable.
Tom found the article interesting.
Tom found that he couldn't study with the TV on.
Tom found that difficult to believe.
Tom found that book difficult to read.
Tom found out the truth.
Tom found it difficult to please him.
Tom found it difficult to make himself understood in French.
Tom found it difficult to make friends.
Tom found it difficult to keep the conversation going.
Tom found it difficult to finish all the work in just one day.
Tom found it difficult to answer the question.
Tom found his new job interesting.
Tom found his contact lens near the table.
Tom found an old coin just outside the back door.
Tom found a wallet on the sidewalk.
Tom found a wallet lying on the sidewalk.
Tom found a job as a mechanic.
Tom found a good job near his house.
Tom found a dead body on the beach.
Tom fought with all his strength.
Tom forgot who said it.
Tom forgot to water the plants for a whole week.
Tom forgot to turn off the light.
Tom forgot to turn off the gas.
Tom forgot to take his umbrella with him.
Tom forgot to sign his name.
Tom forgot to set his alarm clock.
Tom forgot to put a stamp on the envelope.
Tom forgot to pay the bill.
Tom forgot to lock the door.
Tom forgot to feed his dog last night.
Tom forgot to do his homework.
Tom forgot one important thing.
Tom folded his handkerchief.
Tom flushed the toilet.
Tom flirted with the waitress.
Tom flew to Boston yesterday.
Tom fixed the broken radio.
Tom finished the job in three hours.
Tom finished packing his suitcase.
Tom finished doing his homework before dinner.
Tom finished doing his homework an hour ago.
Tom finished breakfast before 7:30.
Tom finds it much easier to speak English than French.
Tom finds it difficult to keep up with the rest of the class.
Tom finally went to Boston last summer.
Tom finally succeeded in getting a job that he liked.
Tom finally got hold of the rare stamp he wanted.
Tom finally got his wish.
Tom finally got a job.
Tom finally found a job.
Tom finally figured out where the treasure was hidden.
Tom finally figured out what he'd been doing wrong.
Tom finally figured out the problem.
Tom finally fell asleep.
Tom finally came up with the cash.
Tom finally ate something.
Tom filled the bottle with drinking water.
Tom filled in the blanks.
Tom filled his glass with water.
Tom filled his bag with walnuts.
Tom figured out why the machine wasn't working.
Tom felt weak.
Tom felt uneasy.
Tom felt uncomfortable.
Tom felt tired.
Tom felt the urge to run away.
Tom felt the cold rain on his face.
Tom felt something crawling on his arm.
Tom felt sick.
Tom felt sad.
Tom felt lonely.
Tom felt like he'd been hit by a truck.
Tom felt like going to Boston again.
Tom felt like going out for a walk.
Tom felt like giving up.
Tom felt like dancing.
Tom felt like crying.
Tom felt like crawling under a rock.
Tom felt like a fool.
Tom felt like a fish out of water.
Tom felt left out.
Tom felt hungry.
Tom felt humiliated.
Tom felt his knees tremble.
Tom felt himself being lifted up.
Tom felt happy.
Tom felt dizzy from the heat.
Tom felt cold.
Tom felt awkward.
Tom felt a sudden urge to leave the room.
Tom felt a sharp pain in his stomach.
Tom felt a pain in his side.
Tom felt a pain in his back.
Tom felt a lump in his throat.
Tom felt a little left out.
Tom felt a bit woozy.
Tom felt a bit tired.
Tom fell off the roof and died.
Tom fell into the pool.
Tom fell down two flights of stairs and is now in the hospital.
Tom fell asleep on the train.
Tom fell asleep on the sofa.
Tom fell asleep on the couch.
Tom fell asleep in class.
Tom fell and hurt his leg.
Tom fell and hurt his knee.
Tom fell and broke his arm.
Tom feels responsible for what happened.
Tom feels a little better this morning.
Tom fed his dog table scraps.
Tom's favorite saying is "You can't put two saddles on one horse."
Tom falls asleep as soon as he gets into bed.
Tom faked his death.
Tom failed to pass the final exam.
Tom failed to keep his promise.
Tom failed the exam.
Tom extinguished the fire.
Tom extended his stay by three days.
Tom expressed himself in good English.
Tom expressed himself clearly.
Tom exposed himself to danger.
Tom explained his plan in detail.
Tom entered the restaurant where he eats about three times a week.
Tom enlisted in the Army.
Tom enjoys taking pictures.
Tom enjoys taking a nap in the early afternoon.
Tom enjoys reading books.
Tom enjoys listening to live music.
Tom enjoyed swimming in the lake.
Tom enjoyed himself at the party.
Tom eats with his left hand, but he writes with his right.
Tom eats very little.
Tom eats tofu quite often because he heard that it was healthy.
Tom eats the same food every day.
Tom eats the same food day in and day out.
Tom eats out a lot.
Tom eats nothing but his mother's cooking.
Tom eats nothing but fruits and vegetables.
Tom eats nothing but fruit.
Tom eats mostly fruits and vegetables, and only eats meat about once a week.
Tom eats more fish in a week than I eat in a year.
Tom eats like a pig.
Tom eats like a pig and he looks like one, too.
Tom eats like a horse.
Tom eats like a bird.
Tom eats less than you might think.
Tom eats everything that his mother gives him.
Tom eats asparagus, but his brother doesn't.
Tom eats a lot.
Tom eats a lot of fish.
Tom eats a lot of Chinese food.
Tom eats a lot of brown rice.
Tom earned money by playing his guitar on street corners.
Tom eagerly ate the sandwich that the fireman gave him.
Tom dyed his hair dark brown.
Tom dug a grave for his dog.
Tom drowned in Lake Superior three years ago.
Tom drove off in a hurry.
Tom dropped out of high school.
Tom dropped out of college when he was a junior.
Tom dropped in at the pub on his way home from work.
Tom dropped his books on the floor.
Tom drives too fast.
Tom drives me crazy.
Tom drives everybody up the wall.
Tom drives an imported car I think.
Tom drives a black car, doesn't he?
Tom drinks too much.
Tom drinks milk every morning.
Tom drinks at least three liters of water every day.
Tom dried his hands with a small towel.
Tom drew his gun and shot.
Tom dressed himself quickly, then ran out the door.
Tom dreams of owning a house in the center of Boston.
Tom dreams of becoming a millionaire.
Tom drank three bottles of wine by himself last night.
Tom drank a lot last night and is a bit hung over this morning.
Tom drank a few cups of coffee to keep himself awake.
Tom drank a cup of coffee.
Tom drank a couple of shots of tequila.
Tom dragged himself out of bed.
Tom dozed off in French class.
Tom dove into the water.
Tom doubts that he'll be able get there on time.
Tom doubts if it will rain.
Tom doesn't yet know whether he can go or not.
Tom doesn't work here anymore.
Tom doesn't work as much as he used to.
Tom doesn't work as hard as he used to.
Tom doesn't wear glasses, but he used to.
Tom doesn't watch TV except on Saturdays.
Tom doesn't want to work tomorrow.
Tom doesn't want to wait that long.
Tom doesn't want to wait any longer.
Tom doesn't want to talk about it.
Tom doesn't want to take that kind of risk.
Tom doesn't want to take on any more work.
Tom doesn't want to take a walk now.
Tom doesn't want to see anybody today.
Tom doesn't want to read that book.
Tom doesn't want to miss his flight.
Tom doesn't want to live in Boston.
Tom doesn't want to live by himself.
Tom doesn't want to go to such a dangerous place.
Tom doesn't want to go to school today.
Tom doesn't want to go to bed right now.
Tom doesn't want to go out.
Tom doesn't want to go anywhere in particular.
Tom doesn't want to go alone.
Tom doesn't want to give up his dream of becoming an astronaut.
Tom doesn't want to get married until he's in his thirties.
Tom doesn't want to get his hands dirty.
Tom doesn't want to eat lunch now.
Tom doesn't want to deal with this problem now.
Tom doesn't want to be late.
Tom doesn't want dinner.
Tom doesn't want anything to drink.
Tom doesn't want any coffee.
Tom doesn't want an iPad. He wants a portable device that supports Flash.
Tom doesn't usually show his feelings.
Tom doesn't usually play backgammon.
Tom doesn't usually eat dessert.
Tom doesn't understand this.
Tom doesn't understand French.
Tom doesn't understand French at all.
Tom doesn't understand because he wasn't paying attention.
Tom doesn't think there is any advantage of doing it the way you suggest we do it.
Tom doesn't think that it'll rain tomorrow.
Tom doesn't think that is a good idea.
Tom doesn't think so.
Tom doesn't think it's his fault.
Tom doesn't think it'll snow tomorrow.
Tom doesn't think it'll rain, but he plans to carry an umbrella just in case.
Tom doesn't think it'll rain tomorrow.
Tom doesn't think it will snow this afternoon.
Tom doesn't think he'll be able to finish the job by himself.
Tom doesn't think he'll be able come tomorrow.
Tom doesn't think he could do that.
Tom doesn't think before he speaks.
Tom doesn't think anybody else wants to come.
Tom doesn't take very good care of his dog.
Tom doesn't take very good care of his children.
Tom doesn't take criticism well.
Tom doesn't study as hard as he used to.
Tom doesn't speak French.
Tom doesn't speak French at home.
Tom doesn't smoke.
Tom doesn't smoke anymore.
Tom doesn't sing very well.
Tom doesn't seem to like anything.
Tom doesn't seem to be very tired.
Tom doesn't seem to be happy.
Tom doesn't seem to be aware of the problem.
Tom doesn't seem to be able to get started today.
Tom doesn't seem to be a Canadian.
Tom doesn't remember where he put his key.
Tom doesn't remember what happened.
Tom doesn't remember turning off the light.
Tom doesn't remember my name.
Tom doesn't remember if he locked the door.
Tom doesn't remember having said that.
Tom doesn't remember exactly what happened.
Tom doesn't realize how lucky he is.
Tom doesn't read many non-fiction books.
Tom doesn't read books in French.
Tom doesn't put sugar in his coffee.
Tom doesn't play the piano nowadays.
Tom doesn't play outdoors much.
Tom doesn't play golf as much as he used to.
Tom doesn't pay much attention to how he dresses.
Tom doesn't pay attention to details.
Tom doesn't particularly want to go swimming.
Tom doesn't often wear a suit.
Tom doesn't need to work. He's rich.
Tom doesn't need to wear glasses anymore.
Tom doesn't need to hurry.
Tom doesn't need to go.
Tom doesn't need to go to work today.
Tom doesn't need to go there unless he wants to.
Tom doesn't need to go there if he doesn't want to.
Tom doesn't need to answer right away.
Tom doesn't need any money now.
Tom doesn't necessarily have to go there by himself.
Tom doesn't mind walking.
Tom doesn't mind waiting.
Tom doesn't mind getting wet.
Tom doesn't mind getting up at dawn.
Tom doesn't mind devoting a lot of time to helping the homeless.
Tom doesn't live too far from here.
Tom doesn't live near his office.
Tom doesn't live in Boston yet.
Tom doesn't live in Boston now.
Tom doesn't live in Boston anymore.
Tom doesn't like working here.
Tom doesn't like traveling by air.
Tom doesn't like to wear a watch.
Tom doesn't like to travel.
Tom doesn't like to stay at home.
Tom doesn't like to speak in public.
Tom doesn't like to make mistakes.
Tom doesn't like to hang out with people who smoke.
Tom doesn't like to go out after dark.
Tom doesn't like to eat fish.
Tom doesn't like to be kept waiting for a long time.
Tom doesn't like to be disturbed.
Tom doesn't like to be alone.
Tom doesn't like this.
Tom doesn't like the rainy season.
Tom doesn't like Irish coffee.
Tom doesn't like the house that he lives in.
Tom doesn't like that kind of music.
Tom doesn't like swimming in this river. He says it's too polluted.
Tom doesn't like swimming in pools. He prefers swimming in lakes and rivers.
Tom doesn't like summer. He says it's too hot.
Tom doesn't like studying.
Tom doesn't like speaking French.
Tom doesn't like school.
Tom doesn't like pork.
Tom doesn't like poker very much.
Tom doesn't like poker at all.
Tom doesn't like people who smoke in no smoking areas.
Tom doesn't like people who get angry easily.
Tom doesn't like people who don't show up on time.
Tom doesn't like my friends.
Tom doesn't like my family.
Tom doesn't like my dog.
Tom doesn't like me.
Tom doesn't like living in the country.
Tom doesn't like hot food.
Tom doesn't like horror movies.
Tom doesn't like grapefruit.
Tom doesn't like girls who wear high heels.
Tom doesn't like girls who wear a lot of makeup.
Tom doesn't like either beer or wine.
Tom doesn't like doing homework.
Tom doesn't like dogs.
Tom doesn't like coffee with sugar.
Tom doesn't like classical music.
Tom doesn't like city life.
Tom doesn't like Chinese food.
Tom doesn't like cheese very much.
Tom doesn't like cats.
Tom doesn't like being treated like a child.
Tom doesn't like being made a fool of.
Tom doesn't like being cooped up in his small office every day.
Tom doesn't like being asked to give to charity.
Tom doesn't like beef.
Tom doesn't know why the meeting was postponed.
Tom doesn't know who wrote the graffiti on the wall.
Tom doesn't know who to turn to.
Tom doesn't know who to ask.
Tom doesn't know who painted that picture.
Tom doesn't know who I am.
Tom doesn't know who he should ask.
Tom doesn't know who he should ask for advice.
Tom doesn't know who baked the cake.
Tom doesn't know which color to choose.
Tom doesn't know which button to push.
Tom doesn't know whether to turn left or right.
Tom doesn't know whether the concert went well or not.
Tom doesn't know whether it's true or not.
Tom doesn't know whether it's new or not.
Tom doesn't know whether he can do it, but he'll give it a try.
Tom doesn't know whether he should take on the job or not.
Tom doesn't know whether he should go to the party or not.
Tom doesn't know where to go.
Tom doesn't know where his umbrella is.
Tom doesn't know where he's going to live next year.
Tom doesn't know what to think.
Tom doesn't know what to say.
Tom doesn't know what to order.
Tom doesn't know what to do.
Tom doesn't know what to do with his money. He has so much of it.
Tom doesn't know what to do now.
Tom doesn't know what to do next.
Tom doesn't know what to do either.
Tom doesn't know what to do anymore.
Tom doesn't know what time it is.
Tom doesn't know what the homework assignment is.
Tom doesn't know what he's supposed to do.
Tom doesn't know what happened.
Tom doesn't know what happened because he wasn't there.
Tom doesn't know the whole story.
Tom doesn't know the difference between right and wrong.
Tom doesn't know the answer yet.
Tom doesn't know that I'm Canadian.
Tom doesn't know my name.
Tom doesn't know much about sports.
Tom doesn't know much about Indonesia.
Tom doesn't know much about art.
Tom doesn't know it yet, but he's going to get laid off.
Tom doesn't know if it is true or not.
Tom doesn't know if he'll be able to visit us next Monday.
Tom doesn't know if he has enough money to buy school supplies.
Tom doesn't know how to treat his employees properly.
Tom doesn't know how to tie a tie.
Tom doesn't know how to swim.
Tom doesn't know how to speak French properly.
Tom doesn't know how to say what he wants to say in French.
Tom doesn't know how to pronounce my name properly.
Tom doesn't know how to play the bass guitar.
Tom doesn't know how to play poker.
Tom doesn't know how to play golf.
Tom doesn't know how to do that.
Tom doesn't know how to cook very well.
Tom doesn't know how things turned out this way.
Tom doesn't know how much the ticket will cost.
Tom doesn't know how long the party is going to last.
Tom doesn't know how deep the pool is.
Tom doesn't know his way around town.
Tom doesn't know French.
Tom doesn't know anything about what happened.
Tom doesn't know anything about Boston.
Tom doesn't know anyone at our school.
Tom doesn't know any of the details yet.
Tom doesn't know any better.
Tom doesn't know about those kinds of things.
Tom doesn't intend to go by himself.
Tom doesn't hesitate to tell everyone what he thinks.
Tom doesn't have what it takes to be a teacher.
Tom doesn't have what it takes to be a good leader.
Tom doesn't have very many friends.
Tom doesn't have to work today.
Tom doesn't have to work so hard.
Tom doesn't have to work on Mondays.
Tom doesn't have to study French. He can already speak it quite well.
Tom doesn't have to go there by himself.
Tom doesn't have to go if he doesn't want to.
Tom doesn't have to get up early tomorrow.
Tom doesn't have to do that now.
Tom doesn't have to come here tomorrow.
Tom doesn't have the qualities of a good leader.
Tom doesn't have tea.
Tom doesn't have much time.
Tom doesn't have much time for volunteer work.
Tom doesn't have much interest in outdoor sports.
Tom doesn't have enough time for a cup of coffee.
Tom doesn't have enough money.
Tom doesn't have enough money yet to buy the car he wants.
Tom doesn't have as much energy as he used to.
Tom doesn't have anything in his bag.
Tom doesn't have anyone to discuss his problems with.
Tom doesn't have any time to watch TV.
Tom doesn't have any plans for tomorrow.
Tom doesn't have any friends who like to go camping.
Tom doesn't have any enemies.
Tom doesn't have any classes today.
Tom doesn't have any choice.
Tom doesn't have any children.
Tom doesn't have any cash.
Tom doesn't have any brothers.
Tom doesn't have any brothers and sisters.
Tom doesn't have an ear for music.
Tom doesn't have a visa.
Tom doesn't have a very good Japanese-English dictionary.
Tom doesn't have a TV at home.
Tom doesn't have a ticket for tonight's concert.
Tom doesn't have a sister.
Tom doesn't have a pet now, but he used to have a dog.
Tom doesn't have a microwave oven.
Tom doesn't have a driver's license.
Tom doesn't have a cat.
Tom doesn't have a car.
Tom doesn't have a bicycle.
Tom doesn't have hairy arms.
Tom doesn't go to the movies as often as he'd like to.
Tom doesn't go to school by bus.
Tom doesn't go to his office on Saturday.
Tom doesn't go to a good school.
Tom doesn't give up easily, does he?
Tom doesn't get up early.
Tom doesn't get along with his neighbors.
Tom doesn't get along with his neighbors like he used to.
Tom doesn't gain weight even though he eats a lot.
Tom doesn't feel well.
Tom doesn't feel up to going today.
Tom doesn't feel up to eating anything today.
Tom doesn't feel much like talking right now.
Tom doesn't feel like working this morning.
Tom doesn't feel like taking a walk with his dog this morning.
Tom doesn't feel like eating anything right now.
Tom doesn't feed his dog in the morning, only in the evening.
Tom doesn't even try to keep up with fashion.
Tom doesn't even know how to start a lawn mower.
Tom doesn't enjoy tennis and never has.
Tom doesn't enjoy doing that sort of thing.
Tom doesn't eat meat.
Tom doesn't eat meat or eggs.
Tom doesn't drink.
Tom doesn't drink much beer, but he sure drinks a lot of wine.
Tom doesn't drink coffee.
Tom doesn't drink beer.
Tom doesn't drink and drive.
Tom doesn't do things like that.
Tom doesn't come here every day, but he comes quite often.
Tom doesn't carry much luggage on trips.
Tom doesn't carry much cash.
Tom doesn't care what happens.
Tom doesn't care how much it costs. He still plans to buy it.
Tom doesn't believe that ghosts exist.
Tom doesn't believe in God.
Tom doesn't believe in ghosts.
Tom doesn't always obey his parents.
Tom doesn't allow people to enter his house.
Tom doesn't agree.
Tom doesn't actually live within Boston city limits.
Tom does things at his own pace.
Tom does nothing but watch TV all day.
Tom does nothing but read books on Sundays.
Tom divorced his first wife more than fifteen years ago.
Tom divided the pie into three equal parts.
Tom dislikes the house he's living in.
Tom dislikes speaking in public.
Tom dislikes noisy cities.
Tom dislikes going to school.
Tom dislikes being told what to do.
Tom disliked school when he was younger.
Tom disguised himself as a policeman.
Tom discovered the truth.
Tom discovered that he had run out of money.
Tom discovered that he had made a mistake.
Tom disappointed me.
Tom disappeared without leaving a trace.
Tom disappeared without a trace.
Tom digitized an old family photo and emailed it to his mother.
Tom died young.
Tom died yesterday.
Tom died with over ten million dollars in the bank.
Tom died with a knife in his back.
Tom died with a gun in his hand.
Tom died when he was seventy years old.
Tom died when he was 97.
Tom died trying to save a child from a burning building.
Tom died three days before he was to receive the award.
Tom died three days after he arrived in Boston.
Tom died of a broken heart.
Tom died just one day after his seventieth birthday.
Tom died in prison ten years ago.
Tom died in his thirties.
Tom died in his sleep.
Tom died in his seventies.
Tom died in combat.
Tom died in a traffic accident.
Tom died in a plane crash.
Tom died in 2009.
Tom died because he had eaten some contaminated beef.
Tom died at the age of 97.
Tom died at an early age.
Tom didn't seem to notice any problems.
Tom didn't have the courage to go there alone.
Tom didn't get his driver's license until he was twenty-four.
Tom didn't work last Monday.
Tom didn't wear a tie to work today.
Tom didn't want to walk the tightrope without a net.
Tom didn't want to spend as much money as he did.
Tom didn't want to speak to anyone.
Tom didn't want to go, but his father made him go.
Tom didn't want to get up so early.
Tom didn't want to get involved.
Tom didn't want to get involved in the fight, but he had no choice.
Tom didn't want to eat the worms even though they were high in protein.
Tom didn't want to attract attention.
Tom didn't want this to happen.
Tom didn't want an expensive camera.
Tom didn't use to like red wine, but now he drinks it almost every day.
Tom didn't use to drink so much.
Tom didn't understand what the teacher said.
Tom didn't turn off the lights.
Tom didn't think that movie was interesting.
Tom didn't think he'd ever have a chance to live in another country.
Tom didn't tell his parents that he had gotten an F on the test.
Tom didn't take part in our conversation.
Tom didn't take many pictures on his trip.
Tom didn't swim because it was too cold.
Tom didn't study at all last weekend.
Tom didn't start to study French until he was thirty.
Tom didn't start to play the trombone until he was twenty.
Tom didn't specify how many pencils to buy.
Tom didn't sleep well last night.
Tom didn't sleep at all last night.
Tom didn't sleep a wink last night.
Tom didn't show up until the meeting was over.
Tom didn't see anything.
Tom didn't say who he was planning to go with.
Tom didn't say whether he was planning to go or not.
Tom didn't say where he was planning to go.
Tom didn't say where he had been.
Tom didn't say when he was planning to leave.
Tom didn't say how much money he had spent.
Tom didn't say how many times he had been there.
Tom didn't say how he was planning to get there.
Tom didn't say anything.
Tom didn't run fast enough to catch the bus.
Tom didn't really like his job.
Tom didn't really feel like swimming.
Tom didn't really feel like going out.
Tom didn't really feel like eating Korean food.
Tom didn't read the newspaper yesterday.
Tom didn't read the book his teacher had told him to read.
Tom didn't play badminton yesterday.
Tom didn't plan to go anywhere.
Tom didn't pay any attention to the warning.
Tom didn't participate in the discussion.
Tom didn't offer to give me my money back.
Tom didn't offer me anything to eat.
Tom didn't need to take a taxi. He could have walked.
Tom didn't need to paint the fence. They tore it down a week after he painted it.
Tom didn't need to hurry. He had plenty of time.
Tom didn't need to finish that work by today.
Tom didn't need to come so early.
Tom didn't need to come at all.
Tom didn't need to buy so much food.
Tom didn't miss his watch until he got home.
Tom didn't mind doing the dishes.
Tom didn't mention why he was late.
Tom didn't mention it to me.
Tom didn't mention his reason for being late.
Tom didn't mean to offend anyone.
Tom didn't mean to do that.
Tom didn't mean that.
Tom didn't mean it.
Tom didn't live in Boston last year.
Tom didn't like that movie at all.
Tom didn't like not having enough money.
Tom didn't like living in the country.
Tom didn't like living in the city.
Tom didn't like living in Boston.
Tom didn't like children then and he still doesn't.
Tom didn't like beer at that time.
Tom didn't leave a suicide note, so the police suspect murder.
Tom didn't know why his car wouldn't start.
Tom didn't know which bus to take.
Tom didn't know whether to laugh or cry.
Tom didn't know whether he should stay a bit longer or leave right away.
Tom didn't know where to catch the bus.
Tom didn't know what to say.
Tom didn't know what to do.
Tom didn't know what to do with the leftover food.
Tom didn't know what to do next.
Tom didn't know what to do first.
Tom didn't know what he was supposed to do.
Tom didn't know that.
Tom didn't know that woman at all.
Tom didn't know that song.
Tom didn't know how to ride a bicycle at that time.
Tom didn't know how to express his thanks in French.
Tom didn't know how to express himself well.
Tom didn't know how to ask the right question.
Tom didn't know how to answer the question.
Tom didn't know how much he had spent.
Tom didn't know how much he had drunk.
Tom didn't know how many cups of sugar to add.
Tom didn't know he was going to die before he was thirty.
Tom didn't know for certain which road to take.
Tom didn't know for certain where he should go.
Tom didn't know for certain what time he should arrive.
Tom didn't know for certain how much the new computer would cost.
Tom didn't know apple trees grow from seeds.
Tom didn't know anything.
Tom didn't keep his promise.
Tom didn't intend to spend so much time painting the fence.
Tom didn't intend to pay that much.
Tom didn't have to wear a suit and tie, but he did.
Tom didn't have to get up so early.
Tom didn't have to come so early.
Tom didn't have time to watch TV yesterday.
Tom didn't have time to watch the TV program he wanted to watch.
Tom didn't have time to think.
Tom didn't have time to relax.
Tom didn't have time to go jogging every morning.
Tom didn't have time to finish his report.
Tom didn't have time to eat lunch.
Tom didn't have time to do the job properly.
Tom didn't have the sense to come in out of the rain.
Tom didn't have the right equipment to do the job.
Tom didn't have the faintest idea what he was going to do the next day.
Tom didn't have the decency to admit that he was wrong.
Tom didn't have the courage to say no.
Tom didn't have the courage to pull the trigger.
Tom didn't have the courage to go there by himself.
Tom didn't have the courage to commit suicide.
Tom didn't have the courage to come right out and say what he believed.
Tom didn't have the courage to ask his boss for a raise.
Tom didn't have the courage to admit his mistake.
Tom didn't have much water to drink.
Tom didn't have much time so he just quickly scanned the report.
Tom didn't have much money.
Tom didn't have much food to eat.
Tom didn't have enough space to do what he wanted to do.
Tom didn't have enough money.
Tom didn't have enough experience to know what to do.
Tom didn't have enough experience to do the job well.
Tom didn't have enough experience in dealing with that kind of problem.
Tom didn't have anything to say on that subject.
Tom didn't have any idea what he should do.
Tom didn't have any children.
Tom didn't have a good time at the party.
Tom didn't go there.
Tom didn't go out last weekend.
Tom didn't go and I didn't either.
Tom didn't give up on the plan.
Tom didn't give up hope.
Tom didn't get up early enough to catch the first train.
Tom didn't get to school in time.
Tom didn't get much sleep last night.
Tom didn't get home until after midnight.
Tom didn't get a chance to visit the art museum.
Tom didn't get a chance to even try.
Tom didn't find anyone who met the requirements.
Tom didn't feel well, but he went to work anyway.
Tom didn't feel like playing golf.
Tom didn't feel like eating.
Tom didn't feel like eating lunch.
Tom didn't even try to help.
Tom didn't even try to get his homework done on time.
Tom didn't even try to do the right thing.
Tom didn't even have the courtesy to say that he was sorry.
Tom didn't enjoy the concert very much.
Tom didn't enjoy the concert at all.
Tom didn't eat dill pickles.
Tom didn't eat anything yesterday.
Tom didn't do well on today's test.
Tom didn't do much work today.
Tom didn't do it.
Tom didn't do it on purpose.
Tom didn't do his homework.
Tom didn't do any work at all today.
Tom didn't do any of the work he was supposed to do.
Tom didn't die in vain.
Tom didn't come to the last meeting.
Tom didn't come to school yesterday.
Tom didn't come back until after 2:30.
Tom didn't buy what I asked him to.
Tom didn't buy anything at that store because he thought the prices were too high.
Tom didn't buy a new car yesterday, did he?
Tom didn't arrive until the meeting was over.
Tom didn't arrive until about 2:30.
Tom didn't answer all the questions.
Tom didn't agree to do it.
Tom didn't act quickly enough.
Tom did what I wanted him to do.
Tom did what I told him to do.
Tom did what he said he'd do.
Tom did what he promised to do.
Tom did what he had to do.
Tom did what he believed was right.
Tom did twenty pushups.
Tom did the right thing.
Tom did the job to the best of his ability.
Tom did the job the best he could.
Tom did the best he could, but he still wasn't able to pass the course.
Tom did the best he could, but he still got bad grades.
Tom did study, but he didn't study very much.
Tom did say that, but I don't think he really meant it.
Tom did nothing but watch TV all day.
Tom did nothing but complain.
Tom did what he had been told to do.
Tom did it voluntarily.
Tom did it very carefully.
Tom did it on purpose.
Tom did it on his own.
Tom did it just for fun.
Tom did it in his own way.
Tom did it himself.
Tom did it for fun.
Tom did it easily.
Tom did it carefully.
Tom did it by himself.
Tom did it all by himself.
Tom did it against his will.
Tom did his best.
Tom did his best, but he failed.
Tom did fifty sit-ups.
Tom did exactly what I told him to do.
Tom did as he was told.
Tom did an excellent job.
Tom did all that he could.
Tom did a very stupid thing.
Tom did a lousy job.
Tom did a good job.
Tom did a cartwheel.
Tom despises people who smoke.
Tom despises people who lie.
Tom deserves to be punished.
Tom deserves to be promoted.
Tom deserves to be in prison.
Tom deserves to be blamed.
Tom deserves the prize.
Tom deserves a promotion.
Tom described what had happened.
Tom deposited three thousand dollars in the bank just before closing time.
Tom deposited some money in the bank.
Tom deposited 1,dollars in his saving account.
Tom denies having done it.
Tom denied that he had stolen anything.
Tom denied that he had accepted the bribe.
Tom denied knowing anything about it.
Tom denied having said such a thing.
Tom denied having ever been in Boston.
Tom denied having done it.
Tom deliberately broke the window.
Tom declined our job offer.
Tom decided to wait for another hour.
Tom decided to submit his resignation.
Tom decided to study harder.
Tom decided to stay until 2:30.
Tom decided to start a business.
Tom decided to quit his job.
Tom decided to postpone his departure.
Tom decided to major in French.
Tom decided to go to Boston.
Tom decided to buy a new computer.
Tom decided that he was going to study French for three hours a day.
Tom decided that he wanted to eat by himself.
Tom decided not to go to Boston.
Tom decided not to buy the car he was looking at yesterday.
Tom decided not to attend the meeting.
Tom dealt the cards.
Tom cut the pie into six pieces.
Tom cut the pear in half.
Tom cut the article out of the newspaper.
Tom cut some branches off the apple tree.
Tom cut his sister a piece of cake.
Tom cut his hand with a rusty knife.
Tom cut his finger on a piece of glass.
Tom cut down a tree in his yard.
Tom crushed the sheet of paper up into a ball and threw it across the room.
Tom crushed the box with his foot.
Tom crossed the river in a rowboat.
Tom crossed the border into France.
Tom cries every time he hears this song.
Tom cried like a baby.
Tom cried all night.
Tom cried all night long.
Tom couldn't find his glasses.
Tom couldn't understand what the sign meant.
Tom couldn't think of anything to say.
Tom couldn't think of anything better to do.
Tom couldn't think of any reason for not going.
Tom couldn't think of a good place to hide it.
Tom couldn't stop coughing.
Tom couldn't speak French well.
Tom couldn't solve the problem, could he?
Tom couldn't sleep well last night because it was noisy outside his room.
Tom couldn't sleep last night.
Tom couldn't see the lake from where he was standing.
Tom couldn't say a word.
Tom couldn't run very fast.
Tom couldn't quite understand it.
Tom couldn't put up with the pain.
Tom couldn't make up his mind.
Tom couldn't make up his mind right away.
Tom couldn't make it to school because of the typhoon.
Tom couldn't make himself understood.
Tom couldn't make himself understood in French.
Tom couldn't make himself heard.
Tom couldn't make both ends meet on his salary.
Tom couldn't make both ends meet on his income.
Tom couldn't make an immediate decision.
Tom couldn't keep from laughing.
Tom couldn't hold back his tears.
Tom couldn't hold back his anger.
Tom couldn't help falling asleep.
Tom couldn't go to the concert because he had to work.
Tom couldn't go to Boston with us because he didn't have enough money.
Tom couldn't go because he was unable to get permission.
Tom couldn't get to sleep.
Tom couldn't get the job he wanted.
Tom couldn't get the door to close all the way.
Tom couldn't get the book he wanted.
Tom couldn't get his car to start.
Tom couldn't get his car started.
Tom couldn't find what he wanted at the supermarket.
Tom couldn't find the page he was looking for.
Tom couldn't find his key anywhere.
Tom couldn't find anything better to do.
Tom couldn't find anyone to talk to.
Tom couldn't find anyone to play tennis with.
Tom couldn't find anyone to help him.
Tom couldn't find anyone to dance with.
Tom couldn't find anyone for the job.
Tom couldn't find anybody to go with him, and so he went by himself.
Tom couldn't find a good place to hide.
Tom couldn't find a good place to hide the key.
Tom couldn't figure out how to solve the puzzle.
Tom couldn't figure out how to export JPEG files.
Tom couldn't figure out how to do it.
Tom couldn't fall asleep so he got up and took a walk.
Tom couldn't explain it to me either.
Tom couldn't eat peanuts when he was a child.
Tom couldn't do that either.
Tom couldn't do anything about the danger.
Tom couldn't do anything about it until much later.
Tom couldn't do anything about it at that time.
Tom couldn't decide which camera to buy.
Tom couldn't decide where to go.
Tom couldn't decide where to begin.
Tom couldn't decide when to leave.
Tom couldn't decide when to begin.
Tom couldn't decide what to order.
Tom couldn't decide what to do.
Tom couldn't decide how to begin.
Tom couldn't count to ten until he was three years old.
Tom couldn't control his anger.
Tom couldn't bring himself to jump into the cold water.
Tom couldn't believe his eyes.
Tom couldn't believe his ears.
Tom couldn't be happier.
Tom couldn't attend the meeting.
Tom couldn't answer even one question on yesterday's test.
Tom couldn't answer all of the questions.
Tom couldn't afford to buy the bicycle he wanted.
Tom could swim a lot faster when he was young.
Tom could still be alive somewhere.
Tom could sing quite well when he was a child.
Tom could run a lot faster when he was young.
Tom could hear the cat scratching the door.
Tom could have done better if he had had more time.
Tom could hardly wait to hear the news.
Tom could hardly believe him.
Tom could do with some help.
Tom could do it if he tried.
Tom could be wrong.
Tom could be in the kitchen, but I don't know.
Tom could be in Boston for a long time.
Tom could barely make ends meet when he was in his early twenties.
Tom coughed up some blood.
Tom cooked dinner.
Tom converted about half of his yen into dollars and the other half into euros.
Tom contributed a lot of money to charity.
Tom continued reading the newspaper even though the burglar alarm had gone off.
Tom considered the problem settled.
Tom considered leaving school, but decided against it.
Tom considered himself lucky.
Tom considered changing his job.
Tom confessed to stealing the money.
Tom concentrated on his work.
Tom concealed the fact that he had been in prison.
Tom concealed his pistol under his coat.
Tom complained that the soup was not hot enough.
Tom complained that he couldn't get that song out of his head.
Tom complained about the weather.
Tom complained about the room being too small.
Tom complained about the noise.
Tom complained about his low salary.
Tom committed suicide by taking poison.
Tom committed suicide by jumping off a cliff.
Tom committed suicide by jumping off a bridge.
Tom committed suicide by jumping in front of a train.
Tom committed suicide by hanging himself.
Tom comes here once in a while.
Tom comes here nearly every day.
Tom comes here every other month.
Tom comes here every other day.
Tom comes here every few days.
Tom comes here almost every weekend.
Tom comes here almost every Saturday.
Tom comes here almost every day.
Tom comes from Boston.
Tom comes from a small village up north.
Tom coaxed the mouse out of the hole in the wall with a piece of bread.
Tom closed the door quietly and tiptoed into the room.
Tom closed his umbrella and put it in the umbrella rack near the door.
Tom closed his eyes.
Tom closed his diary after writing about that day's events.
Tom climbed the stairs up to the attic.
Tom climbed over the fence.
Tom climbed Mt. Fuji a few years ago.
Tom climbed down from the tree.
Tom climbed down from the roof.
Tom cleared the table.
Tom cleaned his room last weekend.
Tom clapped his hands.
Tom claims he doesn't watch much TV, but he watches more than three hours every day.
Tom claimed to be the owner of the land.
Tom claimed to be an expert in finance.
Tom claimed that the enormous property was at his disposal.
Tom claimed that he was working at the time.
Tom claimed that he was innocent.
Tom claimed that he saw a man being eaten alive by piranhas.
Tom claimed that he owned that expensive-looking red car we saw yesterday.
Tom claimed that he had not eaten for three weeks.
Tom claimed he was the son of a rich man.
Tom claimed he saw a UFO.
Tom chose to live with his father instead of his mother.
Tom chose his words carefully.
Tom chopped down the tree that was in our front yard.
Tom checked to make sure all the doors were locked before he went to sleep.
Tom checked the date.
Tom checked out a few books from the school library a few days ago.
Tom checked into a small hotel and stayed for a couple of days.
Tom cheated on the geology exam.
Tom changes his mind a lot.
Tom changed his mind.
Tom changed a few words on the report and resubmitted it.
Tom certainly plays the harpsichord well.
Tom certainly is good-looking.
Tom celebrated his twentieth birthday last week.
Tom caught the ball with his right hand.
Tom caught a wolf and tried to tame it.
Tom caught a lot of fish yesterday.
Tom caught a couple of large trout yesterday.
Tom caught a big fish.
Tom catches colds easily.
Tom carried the duffle bag on his shoulder.
Tom cares a lot about the way he looks.
Tom cares a lot about his reputation.
Tom carefully read over the contract.
Tom cancelled his party because something came up.
Tom canceled his hotel reservation.
Tom can't write French without making mistakes.
Tom can't work tomorrow.
Tom can't think of a better plan.
Tom can't tell the difference between Spanish wine and Chilean wine.
Tom can't tell a horse from a pony.
Tom can't take on any more work.
Tom can't take less.
Tom can't take care of himself.
Tom can't swim.
Tom can't swim tomorrow.
Tom can't swim like he used to.
Tom can't swim at all.
Tom can't stay for long so let's get the meeting started.
Tom can't stand up straight anymore.
Tom can't stand the hot and muggy summers here, so he heads for the mountains.
Tom can't stand people like that.
Tom can't speak very much French.
Tom can't speak French. Tom can't speak Spanish either.
Tom can't speak French without making mistakes.
Tom can't speak French either.
Tom can't speak either French or Spanish.
Tom can't seem to do anything right.
Tom can't see what's written on the blackboard.
Tom can't see anything without his glasses.
Tom can't see anything with his left eye.
Tom can't remember which ping-pong paddle is his.
Tom can't remember when he moved to Boston.
Tom can't remember the words of the song.
Tom can't remember how to use the shredder.
Tom can't remember his kindergarten teacher's name.
Tom can't read without glasses.
Tom can't read French.
Tom can't read all these books in one day.
Tom can't play the tin whistle very well.
Tom can't play the piccolo.
Tom can't play the drums all that well.
Tom can't play tennis very well.
Tom can't play tennis here.
Tom can't move this bookcase without a little help.
Tom can't manage on his own.
Tom can't make up his mind whether to get a job or to go to college.
Tom can't make it to class today.
Tom can't make himself understood in French.
Tom can't leave work today until six o'clock.
Tom can't help move the piano because he has a bad back.
Tom can't have done what you say he did.
Tom can't have done that all by himself.
Tom can't go to the movies tonight.
Tom can't go to the concert with you tonight.
Tom can't go out today because he's sick.
Tom can't go out because he has a lot of homework.
Tom can't get the lid off.
Tom can't get rid of his cough.
Tom can't get his car to start.
Tom can't get his car started.
Tom can't get along with his neighbors.
Tom can't finish this job in a day.
Tom can't find his ticket.
Tom can't find his bag.
Tom can't find anyone to help him.
Tom can't find a job.
Tom can't find a babysitter for Friday night.
Tom can't figure out how to fill out this application form.
Tom can't ever seem to make up his mind.
Tom can't ever keep a secret.
Tom can't even write his own name.
Tom can't even play one song on his ukulele without making mistakes.
Tom can't even afford to buy a new pair of shoes.
Tom can't drive a car yet.
Tom can't drive a car so he always rides a bicycle.
Tom can't drive a bus.
Tom can't do such a thing and get away with it.
Tom can't do just one thing at a time.
Tom can't do his job without an internet connection.
Tom can't do anything else right now.
Tom can't do anything about that right now.
Tom can't do all this work by himself.
Tom can't describe how painful it was.
Tom can't describe how fun it was.
Tom can't describe how exciting it was.
Tom can't decide which camera to buy.
Tom can't decide whether to buy a Toyota or a Ford.
Tom can't decide what to do this evening.
Tom can't decide unless you tell him all the facts.
Tom can't decide what to order.
Tom can't cook very well, so he often eats out.
Tom can't control his children.
Tom can't come to the office today.
Tom can't carry all those suitcases so you should help him.
Tom can't buy what he wants to buy because he doesn't have enough money.
Tom can't be trusted.
Tom can't be over thirty. He looks like he's about eighteen.
Tom can't be hungry. He's just eaten dinner.
Tom can't be all that young.
Tom can't attend the meeting.
Tom can't answer your question.
Tom can't afford to travel by plane.
Tom can't afford to take a vacation now.
Tom can't afford to send his children to college.
Tom can't afford to eat at that kind of restaurant so let's go somewhere else.
Tom can't afford to visit Japan.
Tom can't afford to buy even a used car.
Tom can't afford to buy a house.
Tom can't afford the time to visit Japan.
Tom can't accept your gift.
Tom can write almost like a native speaker, but his pronunciation is terrible.
Tom can walk to his office in thirty minutes or less.
Tom can understand Swahili.
Tom can swim.
Tom can swim, can't he?
Tom can swim, but I can't.
Tom can swim well.
Tom can swim very well.
Tom can swim like a fish.
Tom can swim faster than anyone else in his swimming class.
Tom can still make it on time if he runs.
Tom can speak only a little French.
Tom can speak just a little French.
Tom can speak French well.
Tom can speak French very well.
Tom can speak French pretty well.
Tom can speak French better than I can.
Tom can speak French almost like a native.
Tom can speak French almost as well as he can speak Spanish.
Tom can sing a few French songs.
Tom can run much faster than I can.
Tom can reach me at this number any time of day.
Tom can probably pull some strings for you and get you into that school.
Tom can play the piano by ear quite well.
Tom can play the harmonica and the guitar at the same time.
Tom can play tennis very well.
Tom can play tennis quite well.
Tom can play both tennis and table tennis well.
Tom can only speak a little French.
Tom can no longer be a member of our committee.
Tom can never seem to make up his mind.
Tom can never remember how to spell my name.
Tom can never get my name right.
Tom can meet you at the airport if you let him know your arrival time.
Tom can make himself understood in French.
Tom can hardly see without his glasses.
Tom can hardly hear without his hearing aid.
Tom can go wherever he likes.
Tom can go whenever he likes.
Tom can go if he wants to.
Tom can get to work faster on bicycle than by car.
Tom can get there in ten minutes if he drives fast.
Tom can eat just about anything but peanuts.
Tom can dance quite well.
Tom can dance fairly well, can't he?
Tom can cook.
Tom can come over to my place whenever he wants.
Tom can come and pick it up today.
Tom can be trusted.
Tom can barely speak French.
Tom can always quit his job if he doesn't like it.
Tom can already play the drums better than I could at his age.
Tom can afford to eat at expensive restaurants every day.
Tom came up with various ideas on how to make his business more successful.
Tom came up with a new system.
Tom came to the meeting late.
Tom came to see me just the other day.
Tom came to return a book he'd borrowed.
Tom came to our house uninvited.
Tom came to our house several times last summer.
Tom came to my office early yesterday afternoon.
Tom came to Japan to study Japanese.
Tom came to Japan three years ago and has been living here ever since then.
Tom came to Japan for the first time when he was three.
Tom came to Japan eight and a half years ago with his parents.
Tom came to Japan as a child.
Tom came to France with the intention of studying French.
Tom came to Boston hoping to find a job.
Tom came to ask us to help him.
Tom came to ask us for our help.
Tom came just before dinner.
Tom came into the room without knocking on the door.
Tom came in through the back door.
Tom came in second in the race.
Tom came in last in the race.
Tom came here today looking to start a fight.
Tom came here today looking for trouble.
Tom came here to use my computer.
Tom came here to help us fill out these forms.
Tom came here to ask us to help him.
Tom came downstairs in his pajamas.
Tom came down with the flu.
Tom came down with a cold and couldn't go to school.
Tom came close to being run over by a truck.
Tom came close to being killed by a stray arrow.
Tom came by car.
Tom came back home after dark.
Tom came back home after being gone for many years.
Tom came back early.
Tom came at a good time.
Tom came all the way from Boston.
Tom came a little after noon.
Tom came a few days later.
Tom calls me almost every day.
Tom called to say that he couldn't attend today's meeting.
Tom called the students back into the room to tell them about the plane crash.
Tom called the office to say that he'd be late.
Tom called me this afternoon.
Tom called me from Boston.
Tom called me by name.
Tom called in an expert.
Tom called himself the Master of the Universe.
Tom called a taxi for me.
Tom calculated that the total would be over dollars.
Tom buys two or three cameras every year.
Tom buys new shoes whenever he can find a pair that fit.
Tom buttoned up his coat.
Tom burst out laughing.
Tom burst out crying.
Tom burst into the room.
Tom burst into tears.
Tom burst into laughter.
Tom burns both wood and coal in his stove.
Tom burned his report card.
Tom burned his fingers on a hot frying pan.
Tom burned himself badly when he took the pie pan out of the oven without using an oven mitt.
Tom built the house himself along with the help of a few friends.
Tom built his son a house next to his own.
Tom built his own house.
Tom built a wall around his house.
Tom budgeted three hundred dollars for the party.
Tom brought up the subject.
Tom brought plenty of food.
Tom brought enough food to feed everyone.
Tom brought each of us a gift.
Tom brought back some souvenirs.
Tom brought along his younger sister.
Tom brought a cup of tea to me.
Tom broke the world record.
Tom broke one of the rules and was kicked out of school.
Tom broke his neck falling down a flight of stairs.
Tom tore down the house.
Tom broke down and started to cry.
Tom brings his children with him to work once or twice a year.
Tom brews beer as a hobby.
Tom branded the calf.
Tom bought three bottles of grape juice.
Tom bought this camera for himself, not for his wife.
Tom bought this camera for a reasonable price.
Tom bought them each a camera.
Tom bought the whole nine yards.
Tom bought that pair of shoes at a clearance sale.
Tom bought some rope to use as a clothesline.
Tom bought some expensive meat to cook for dinner.
Tom bought several cameras last year.
Tom bought his camera for less than I paid for mine.
Tom bought his camera at this store about three months ago.
Tom bought himself a camera.
Tom bought each of them a camera.
Tom bought a very good camera.
Tom bought a very expensive camera.
Tom bought a very cheap camera.
Tom bought a sweater for thirty dollars.
Tom bought a small camera to take on his trip.
Tom bought a really expensive, well-made pair of shoes.
Tom bought a pound of cheese.
Tom bought a new car.
Tom bought a new camera.
Tom bought a new camera so he sold his old one.
Tom bought a new camera last month.
Tom bought a computer at thirty percent off the list price.
Tom bought a camera yesterday.
Tom bought a camera that was over-priced.
Tom bought a camera that was made in Japan.
Tom bought a camera on sale.
Tom bought a camera on eBay.
Tom bought a camera not too long ago.
Tom bought a camera like yours.
Tom bought a camera just a couple of days ago, but he's already lost it.
Tom bought a camera for me.
Tom bought a camera for dollars.
Tom bought a camera at a store not too far from here.
Tom bought a camera at a bargain sale.
Tom bought a camera and tripod.
Tom bought a bunch of inexpensive cameras to give to children who lived in his neighborhood.
Tom bought a bunch of grapes and I ate them.
Tom bought a book about cameras.
Tom bought a bag of apples and he ate a third of them in one day.
Tom boiled some eggs on the rocket stove that he had just built.
Tom boiled a dozen eggs.
Tom boarded the ship along with his three children.
Tom blushed.
Tom blew up the bridge.
Tom blew up the balloon.
Tom blew his nose loudly during the oboe solo.
Tom blew himself up accidentally.
Tom bet me fifty dollars that he could eat more hot dogs than I could.
Tom bent over to pick up a coin that was on the floor.
Tom believes that life exists on other planets.
Tom believes he has a very low carbon footprint.
Tom believed that the people in that small village were cannibals.
Tom behaved like he was happy, but deep inside, he was very sad.
Tom begged for something to eat.
Tom began trombone lessons when he was twelve years old.
Tom began to try to lose weight a few months ago.
Tom began to talk.
Tom began to study karate when he was still in junior high school.
Tom began to look for a job three months before he graduated from college.
Tom began to feel faint.
Tom began talking.
Tom began reading that book three weeks ago and he still has only read less than half of it.
Tom began living by himself at the age of sixteen.
Tom becomes nervous whenever he has to speak in public.
Tom became scared as soon as he saw the robber's knife.
Tom became more and more handsome as he grew older.
Tom became an engineer.
Tom became a successful photographer.
Tom became a Japanese citizen.
Tom became a doctor.
Tom beat the drum at a slow tempo.
Tom bargained with the salesman hoping to get a lower price.
Tom barely passed the exam.
Tom barely escaped being killed by a tiger.
Tom bakes cookies on Sundays.
Tom baked his wife a pumpkin pie.
Tom avoided places where people smoked.
Tom avoided making any comment on the matter.
Tom ate what many people call a healthy diet.
Tom ate what little food he had left.
Tom ate what he wanted.
Tom ate too much cotton candy.
Tom ate too many jelly donuts.
Tom ate three hotdogs.
Tom ate three eggs and a slice of toast.
Tom ate the whole pizza by himself.
Tom ate the stew right out of the pot.
Tom ate the delicious meal and thought he must be in heaven.
Tom ate the chocolate donut that I had smuggled into the hospital.
Tom ate the chicken with his fingers.
Tom ate some spicy Indian food.
Tom ate quickly.
Tom ate plain and simple food.
Tom ate part of the ham, and then put the rest into the refrigerator.
Tom ate pancakes for breakfast.
Tom ate only three or four bites then spit out the food.
Tom ate only three carrots for lunch.
Tom ate one slice of Swiss cheese.
Tom ate many of his meals off of paper plates.
Tom ate half the peach and handed me the rest.
Tom ate half a bag of potato chips.
Tom ate dinner by himself.
Tom ate dinner about one hour ago.
Tom ate breakfast while his wife read the newspaper.
Tom ate as soon as the food was put on the table.
Tom ate all the bread, so there is none left.
Tom ate all that he wanted to eat.
Tom ate all his meals in his room.
Tom ate a whole bag of marshmallows.
Tom ate a spoonful of peanut butter.
Tom ate a quick lunch then went back to work.
Tom ate a piece of garlic bread.
Tom ate a lot of ice cream.
Tom ate a handful of raisins.
Tom ate a dozen doughnuts all by himself.
Tom assumed that the meeting would start on time.
Tom asked the same question over and over, but never got an answer.
Tom asked some very good questions.
Tom asked me to do him a favor. However, I couldn't do what he asked.
Tom asked his boss for a pay raise.
Tom asked him where I should park my car.
Tom asked for something cold to drink.
Tom asked for some more time.
Tom asked for permission to use the copy machine.
Tom asked for a higher salary.
Tom asked for a beer.
Tom asked a stupid question.
Tom arrived three hours late.
Tom arrived in time.
Tom arrived in the nick of time.
Tom arrived in Boston less than three weeks ago.
Tom arrived in Boston last night.
Tom arrived in Boston at 2:30.
Tom arrived earlier than usual yesterday.
Tom arrived at the camp safely.
Tom arrived at school ten minutes late today.
Tom arrived at school earlier than usual this morning.
Tom arrived at just the right moment.
Tom arrived at home early yesterday.
Tom arranged for his family to visit Boston.
Tom armed himself with a gun and a knife.
Tom appreciates good wine.
Tom applied for the position, but he didn't get it.
Tom applied for a passport, but was turned down.
Tom applied for a leave of absence.
Tom applied for a job as an English teacher.
Tom appears to have achieved what he set out to do.
Tom appears to be wise.
Tom appears to be a friendly guy.
Tom appeared to be in his early thirties.
Tom appeared from out of nowhere.
Tom appealed to us for help.
Tom apologized to the families of the victims for the explosion at the factory.
Tom apologized for what he did.
Tom anticipated that there would be trouble.
Tom anonymously donated a million dollars to his favorite charity.
Tom annoyed me with a lot of questions.
Tom announced his resignation yesterday.
Tom announced his intention to run for class president.
Tom and the other farmers prayed for rain.
Tom and I were just talking about you.
Tom and I are old friends.
Tom and his wife wanted to have a child before they were too old.
Tom and his wife seem to get along well.
Tom and his wife both have to work to make ends meet.
Tom and his uncle walked together in silence.
Tom and his sister are both students at this university.
Tom and his grandmother went to the bookstore.
Tom and his girlfriend are in the same class.
Tom and his friends went to the circus.
Tom and his friends sat on the beach and watched the boys swimming.
Tom and his friends often play cards until after midnight.
Tom and his friends love to get together and play music.
Tom and his friends headed towards the beach.
Tom and his friends asked me to come with them.
Tom and his dog sleep in the same room.
Tom and his cousins went into business together.
Tom and his classmates are going to an art museum tomorrow afternoon.
Tom and his brother are about the same height.
Tom always wished he had more money.
Tom always wears goggles when he swims.
Tom always wears a tie to work, except on Fridays.
Tom always wants to try something new.
Tom always wants to sit in the front row.
Tom always wants to be the center of attention.
Tom always walks to school if it isn't raining.
Tom always tries to keep an open mind.
Tom always tries to blame someone else for his failures.
Tom always told us that you can't teach an old dog new tricks.
Tom always stays at school as late as the teachers allow him to.
Tom always speaks in such a low voice that I can barely understand what he says.
Tom always seems to be smiling.
Tom always seems to be short of money.
Tom always seems to be reading something.
Tom always seems to be complaining.
Tom always prays before eating.
Tom always obeyed the rules.
Tom always makes it a rule never to ask a woman her age.
Tom always makes a point of arriving at least five minutes ahead of time.
Tom always looks happy.
Tom always looked happy, but never was.
Tom always keeps some aspirin in his jacket pocket.
Tom always keeps his word.
Tom always insists that he's right even when we all know that he's wrong.
Tom always has to have his own way.
Tom always has a backpack slung over his shoulder.
Tom always had a back up plan.
Tom always gives the same old excuse for being late for school.
Tom always gets up early in the morning.
Tom always gets nervous just before he goes on stage.
Tom always gets lost if he doesn't carry a map.
Tom always feels hungry at least one hour before lunch.
Tom always feels depressed during the cold winter months.
Tom always drinks his coffee strong.
Tom always drinks coffee in the morning.
Tom always drinks at least three cups of coffee in the morning.
Tom always dresses in black or some other dark color.
Tom always does things the same old way.
Tom always does his best.
Tom always causes trouble.
Tom always carries a map and compass in his bag.
Tom always brushes his teeth after meals.
Tom also runs a well-known website.
Tom already has plans for this weekend.
Tom almost passed out from the heat.
Tom almost never gets sick.
Tom almost never forgets to send his mother a Mother's Day card.
Tom almost never does anything out of the ordinary.
Tom almost got hit by the ball.
Tom almost forgot to take an umbrella with him.
Tom almost forgot to lock the door.
Tom almost forgot to do his homework.
Tom almost forgot his umbrella at the restaurant.
Tom almost drowned.
Tom almost died.
Tom almost always walks to work.
Tom almost always uses a credit card when he goes shopping.
Tom almost always takes a bath before dinner.
Tom almost always goes to work by car.
Tom almost always gets places on time.
Tom almost always falls asleep while watching TV.
Tom allowed his dog to run free.
Tom aimed his pistol at the target.
Tom agreed to marry that man's daughter with the promise that he'd inherit the man's business.
Tom agreed to be here at 2:30, but he's not here yet.
Tom advised us to leave early and avoid the morning traffic.
Tom advertised his saxophone for sale.
Tom adopted our method of bookkeeping.
Tom adopted a new policy.
Tom admitted what he said was wrong.
Tom admitted that it was partially his fault.
Tom admitted that it was due to his carelessness that the accident had happened.
Tom admitted that he was wrong.
Tom admitted that he had made a mistake on the invoice.
Tom admitted that he had committed the murder.
Tom admitted that he had been wrong.
Tom admitted that he had been defeated.
Tom admitted that he didn't eat the cake that his girlfriend had baked for him.
Tom admitted that he always has trouble remembering names.
Tom adjusted the seat, put in the key, and then drove away.
Tom adds a little money to his savings account each month.
Tom added up the numbers.
Tom added his name to the list of people who wanted to attend the dance.
Tom added a room to his house.
Tom added a few finishing touches to the painting.
Tom adapted last year's lesson plans so he could use them with this year's lower level students.
Tom actually hardly ever studies.
Tom acted happy, but deep inside he was sad.
Tom acted as the boss whenever the boss wasn't around.
Tom acknowledged that what he said earlier was not true.
Tom acknowledged that he was hoping to become the new class president.
Tom aches all over after working all day.
Tom accidentally threw his thumb drive into the garbage.
Tom accepted their job offer.
Tom accepted the proposal without reservation.
Tom accepted the nomination for class president.
Tom accepted the job as janitor at the local high school.
Tom accepted our offer and joined our company.
Tom abuses his authority, so no one likes him.
Tom abused my trust.
Tom abstained from voting.
Tom absconded with all the money donated for earthquake relief.
Tom abandoned the project because he didn't have enough money.
Tom abandoned the hope of becoming an actor.
Tom abandoned his wife and joined the army.
Tom abandoned his plan to build a factory.
Tom abandoned his family and went into hiding.
Tom abandoned his car that had run out of gasoline and started walking.
To the best of my knowledge, Tom can't swim.
Three months before Tom was to graduate from college, he died.
Though Tom's English seems quite good at times, he doesn't seem to know his limitations and it's impossible to convince him that he's wrong when he makes a mistake.
Those are Tom's dogs.
This land belongs to Tom.
This just has to be Tom's hat.
This is your last chance to spend time with Tom.
This is Tom's motorcycle, I think.
This is Tom's dog.
This is the place where Tom works.
This is the place where Tom was born.
This is the picture I took of Tom's house.
This is the house where Tom was brought up.
This is the hotel where Tom usually stays.
This is the hospital where Tom was born.
This is the camera that Tom took the pictures with.
This is probably the key that Tom is looking for.
This is one of the fish that Tom caught.
This is my friend, Tom.
This is all Tom has to do.
This desk is too small for Tom.
This cap belongs to Tom.
This camera is Tom's.
This camera is Tom's, isn't it?
This camera is Tom's favorite.
This camera is the one that Tom bought last Thursday.
They took Tom to the hospital to have his stomach pumped because he ate something poisonous.
They did a DNA comparison to see if the body was Tom's.
They appointed Tom chairman.
These shoes belong to Tom.
These shoes are Tom's.
These gloves belong to Tom.
These gloves are Tom's.
There was something odd about the way Tom looked at me yesterday.
There's something about Tom that I don't like.
There's something about Tom that gets on my nerves.
There's nothing I could ever say that would make Tom change his mind.
There's no way that Tom will ever be able to juggle.
There's no way that Tom could have stolen the money without being seen.
There's no doubt that Tom used to live in Boston.
There's a possibility that Tom will be late.
There were many things that Tom wanted to do before he died.
There was some mud on Tom's boots.
There was a limousine waiting for Tom outside the hotel.
There is indisputable proof that Tom is the thief.
There have been a lot of complaints about the way Tom behaves.
There aren't any signs that Tom has been here.
There are many talented people in our city, but Tom isn't one of them.
The workers at Tom's company are demanding shorter working hours.
The waitress flirted with Tom thinking that he'd leave her a larger tip.
The truth is that I didn't want to eat with Tom.
The teacher accused Tom of cheating.
The reason Tom is fat is because he eats too much and doesn't get enough exercise.
The police think that Tom was stabbed before his throat was slit.
The police looked everywhere and couldn't find any trace of Tom.
The police looked everywhere and could find no trace of Tom.
The police have been searching for Tom for years.
The police found Tom's bicycle.
The police found a suicide note in Tom's pocket.
The picture on the wall is the one that Tom painted last summer.
The person standing near the gate is Tom.
The only time that Tom left the room was just before we ate dinner.
The only person who could have done this is Tom.
The odds are in Tom's favor.
The letter was written by Tom.
The grand jury indicted Tom for murder.
The flight attendant shook Tom awake and told him that the plane had landed.
The doctors say it was a miracle that Tom made it through the night.
The doctor gave Tom a sedative.
The doctor asked Tom what the pain felt like.
The doctor advised Tom to stop drinking.
The dictionary on the desk is Tom's.
The DA wants me to testify against Tom.
The bartender threw Tom out of the bar.
The background check on Tom turned up suspiciously little.
That's just the way Tom is.
That tall building across the street is where Tom works.
That house over there is where Tom lives.
That day, Tom bought as many cameras as he could afford.
That camera is Tom's most prized possession.
Tell Tom that he can get in touch with me at home this evening.
Tell me something about Tom.
Some object to Tom's opinion.
Since Tom is leaving for Boston tomorrow, today is our last chance to give this to him.
Since the accident, Tom has given up hope of becoming a professional dancer.
Since it was getting even hotter, Tom peeled off another layer of clothing.
Please write down what Tom says.
Please wait till 2:30. Tom will back then.
Please tell Tom to wait.
Please tell Tom that I called.
Please say hello to Tom for me.
Please remember what Tom said.
Please have Tom wait until I get there.
Please ask Tom to come here and help us fill out these forms.
Please ask Tom to call me before 2:30.
Perhaps Tom can solve this problem.
Part of what Tom said was true.
Only Tom would have the guts to do that kind of thing.
Now that you mention it, I don't remember seeing Tom in class today.
Not knowing what to expect, Tom was caught off guard.
Nobody saw Tom steal the book.
Nobody saw Tom leave the room.
Nobody saw Tom do it.
Nobody noticed Tom leave the room.
Nobody knew that Tom was the person who contributed most of the money.
No one laughed at Tom's jokes.
No matter how much Tom eats, he wants to eat more.
My most interesting Canadian friend is Tom.
Maybe you need to be reminded how dangerous Tom is.
Luckily, Tom made some sound investments.
Like Tom said, this is a waste of time.
Like many students at our school, Tom stays up until late at night studying.
Like many other students, Tom rides a bicycle to school.
Let's split up and look for Tom.
Let's not start drinking until Tom gets here.
Let Tom do that by himself.
Let me tell you why I don't like Tom.
Leave Tom alone.
Keep a close eye on Tom and make sure he doesn't get into any trouble.
It's very unlikely that Tom's children inherited anything from him.
It's very unlikely that Tom wrote this report.
It's very unlikely that Tom will ever want to travel alone.
It's very unlikely that Tom will be fired.
It's very unlikely that Tom will agree to work for that salary.
It's very unlikely that Tom survived the crash.
It's very unlikely that Tom acts that way at home.
It's very unlikely that the teacher will believe Tom's excuse for not having his homework done on time.
It's very unlikely that any evidence will turn up to prove Tom's guilt.
It's unlikely that Tom will get out of prison anytime soon.
It's unlikely that Tom will ever return home.
It's unlikely that Tom will ever learn to play the mandolin.
It's unlikely that Tom will attend the meeting.
It's unlikely that the boss would consider giving Tom a raise.
It's unlikely that anyone other than Tom would be interested in buying this.
It's unlikely that anyone besides Tom would consider taking that job.
It's OK with me if Tom watches television after he finishes his homework.
It's been three years since Tom left Boston.
It's been three years since Tom has been to visit us.
It's because of you that Tom decided to go home early.
It's amazing how much trouble Tom is able to get into.
It's amazing how much time it takes Tom to wash his car.
It's amazing how much money Tom spends every week.
It's amazing how little time Tom spends with his children.
It's all Tom's fault.
It was late at night when Tom finally got home.
It was definitely Tom that I saw yesterday in the park.
It turns out that Tom never graduated from college.
It took Tom a few weeks to get used to working in his new office.
It seems that Tom can't swim.
It seemed that Tom wanted to attend the party.
It may seem obvious to Tom, but it doesn't seem obvious to me.
It may seem like Tom has forgotten all about the matter, but deep down inside, he's still torn up about it.
It may seem like just a little thing to you, but Tom is really worried about the whole thing.
It looks like Tom will eat the whole thing.
It looks like Tom is sleepy.
It looks like Tom is mad.
It looks like Tom has gained a little weight.
It doesn't make much sense to me, but Tom has decided not to go to college.
It doesn't make any difference to me whether Tom comes or not.
It can't hurt for you to spend a little time with Tom.
Isn't Tom forgetting something?
Isn't it strange that Tom isn't here by now?
Is Tom seriously thinking about not going to today's meeting?
Is this Tom's bag?
In the early afternoon, Tom decided that he just had to get out of the house.
In retrospect, Tom wishes he had spent more time studying.
In retrospect, Tom realized he shouldn't have been dating both sisters at the same time.
In his heart, Tom knew that he would never return.
If you ever do anything to hurt Tom, I'll kill you.
If Tom's girlfriend knew he was here now, she'd be very angry.
If Tom does that, he's sure to regret it.
If only I'd listened to what Tom said, I wouldn't be in this kind of trouble.
If I remember correctly, Tom used to be a carpenter.
I've seen Tom on TV many times.
I've never known Tom to break a promise.
I've made up my mind to ask Tom to forgive me.
I've heard that Tom can cook as well as, or better than, his wife.
I've had no problems with Tom.
I've figured out why Tom is always late.
I've figured out that the only way I can do this is to get Tom to help me.
I'm wondering whether Tom would ever consider helping me with my homework.
I'm the only person Tom knows who can play chess.
I'm the only person Tom knows in this town.
I'm sure that Tom would want you to go.
I'm pretty sure that Tom didn't eat all his dinner.
I'll do whatever I have to do to put Tom behind bars.
I wonder why Tom didn't show up last night.
I wonder who will help Tom decorate the Christmas tree.
I wonder when Tom will get here.
I wonder what Tom thinks of me.
I wonder what Tom ate for his Christmas dinner.
I wonder if we'll have enough money to buy Tom the painting he wanted.
I wonder if Tom will get here on time.
I wonder if Tom regrets what he did.
I wonder if Tom really meant what he said.
I wonder if Tom realizes how many hours a day I work.
I wonder if Tom realizes how lonely I am.
I wonder if Tom misses me when I'm gone.
I wonder if Tom has ever slept on a park bench.
I wonder if Tom has ever considered cycling to work.
I wonder if Tom has ever considered buying a smaller car.
I wonder if Tom ever works on Sunday.
I wonder if Tom ever cries.
I wonder how Tom will ever manage to pay for such an expensive wedding.
I wish you would stop calling me Tom.
I wish you would start calling me Tom.
I wish Tom wouldn't sing so loudly late at night.
I wish Tom wouldn't keep hassling me.
I wish Tom wouldn't keep bothering me.
I wish Tom wouldn't keep bothering me with questions.
I wish Tom wouldn't do that kind of thing.
I wish Tom wouldn't always be late.
I wish Tom would weed the garden.
I wish Tom would help me weed the garden.
I wish Tom would help me move the sofa.
I wish Tom were here.
I wish I hadn't punched Tom in the nose.
I wish I hadn't given Tom my grandfather's violin.
I wish I had as much money as Tom.
I wish I had as much energy as Tom.
I wish I had a butler like Tom.
I wish I could figure out how to make Tom happy.
I wish I could figure out how to get Tom to like me.
I wish I could figure out how to convince Tom to stay.
I wish I could figure out how to convince Tom to help us.
I was surprised to get a call from Tom.
I was just wondering if Tom has ever been over to your house for dinner.
I was just wondering if Tom could possibly still be at school.
I was just wondering if maybe Tom was the one who started the fire.
I was just telling Tom that he should go out and buy something to eat.
I wanted to ask Tom why he had never gotten married.
I wanted to ask Tom to come over to help me paint the ceiling.
I wanted to ask Tom if he'd ever consider changing jobs.
I wanted to ask Tom how long he had lived in India.
I told Tom to give me a call.
I told Tom that he should go to the meeting.
I think Tom's grandmother is too old to wear a miniskirt.
I think Tom's grandmother is too old to be wearing a bikini.
I think Tom won't go.
I think Tom won't fail the examination.
I think Tom won't come to our party.
I think Tom won't accomplish anything.
I think Tom will never become famous.
I think Tom was trying to make something to eat when we came to visit.
I think Tom means just what he said.
I think Tom is too young to retire.
I think Tom is too young to really understand women.
I think Tom is too young to really be in love.
I think Tom is too young to be dating.
I think Tom is too old to be dating my daughter.
I think Tom is going to get fired.
I think Tom doesn't have the ability to solve the problem.
I think that Tom hasn't left yet.
I think it's unlikely that Tom would ever move.
I think it's unlikely that Tom would be interested in buying your old MPplayer.
I think it's unlikely that Tom will get elected.
I think it's unlikely that Tom will get back in time for supper.
I think it's unlikely that Tom will be arrested.
I think it's unlikely that the police will find Tom.
I think it's highly unlikely that Tom will get custody of the kids.
I think it's highly unlikely that Tom will ever face criminal charges.
I think it's highly unlikely that Tom will ever be satisfied.
I think it's highly unlikely that Tom will be allowed to keep the gold that he found.
I think it's highly unlikely that Tom was not aware that he wouldn't be allowed to enter the museum without his parents.
I talked with Tom for over an hour before he said something that made me realize he wasn't a native speaker.
I suspect that Tom is a cold-blooded murderer.
I still think it's unlikely that we'll find any evidence to prove Tom's guilt.
I still think it's unlikely that we'll ever find someone to replace Tom.
I shouldn't have kissed Tom.
I shouldn't have gone to see Tom.
I should've listened to Tom's advice.
I saw Tom wiping his fingerprints off the doorknob.
I saw Tom standing near the exit.
I saw Tom on the stairs.
I saw Tom a while back.
I realized too late that I needed Tom's help.
I paid Tom one hundred dollars.
I never thought it'd be this hard to get Tom to accept the job.
I never thought it'd be this hard to find an appropriate birthday gift for Tom.
I never knew Tom's mother was Japanese.
I never imagined that my skills as a lawyer would be used to defend Tom.
I never for a moment imagined that you would show my letter to Tom.
I never for a moment imagined that Tom would be convicted.
I met Tom who said he had just been to the store.
I met a young man whose name was Tom.
I like the kind of music Tom composes.
I honestly didn't think Tom would show up.
I heard that Tom was working late last night with you. Is that true?
I heard that Tom had been smuggling drugs into America for years before he got caught.
I heard a strange noise coming from Tom's room last night.
I hear that Tom isn't in Boston now.
I have no doubt in my mind that Tom will show up at the auction.
I had no idea that Tom was going to leave me his estate.
I had no idea that Tom knew so much about zebras.
I found a box of Tom's things in the closet.
I doubt that Tom would remember me.
I doubt that Tom would help, but you should still ask him.
I doubt that Tom would ever consider selling his antique car.
I doubt that Tom would ever consider leaving his wife.
I doubt that Tom would ever consider going to Iraq.
I doubt that Tom would ever consider driving such a small car.
I doubt that Tom would behave in the way you suggested he did.
I doubt that Tom will run for president.
I doubt that Tom will get here on time.
I doubt that Tom will ever learn how to speak French properly.
I doubt that Tom will ever come back home.
I doubt that Tom was ever in any real danger.
I doubt that Tom understands what I tried to tell him.
I doubt that Tom planned to spend so much time on that project.
I doubt that Tom meant any harm.
I doubt that Tom is innocent.
I doubt that Tom is happy.
I doubt that Tom is happy with his new job.
I doubt that Tom is guilty.
I doubt that Tom is even interested in trying to learn Russian.
I doubt that Tom has the courage to stand up for what he believes in.
I doubt that Tom has the courage to do what really needs to be done.
I doubt that Tom has the courage to cross the picket line.
I doubt that Tom has finished his homework.
I doubt that Tom had to sell his car in order to raise money for medical expenses.
I doubt that Tom ever said that.
I doubt if Tom is single.
I don't want to hurt Tom again.
I don't think Tom was involved in the scandal.
I don't think Tom is in the mood to work right now.
I don't think Tom can deal with the situation.
I don't remember ever seeing Tom carrying a red bag.
I don't like it when Tom borrows money from me.
I don't know when Tom is planning to arrive.
I don't doubt that Tom will arrive on time.
I don't believe that Tom could have said such a thing.
I didn't think Tom would make it through the night, so I stayed by his bedside.
I didn't hear Tom leave.
I didn't agree to pay Tom that much.
I didn't agree to meet Tom.
I didn't agree to help Tom.
I can't understand why you don't want to eat with Tom.
I can't tell you why Tom is late.
I can't tell you when Tom will get here.
I can't tell you what Tom told me.
I can't help feeling sorry for Tom.
I can't believe Tom lied to my face about what happened.
I can't believe Tom ate the whole thing.
I can't believe that you made Tom cry.
I can still remember the time when Tom fell out of the tree.
I believe Tom is mistaken about that.
I ate dinner last night, but I don't think Tom did.
I asked Tom not to wear his sister's clothes.
I asked Tom if he could have it ready by 2:30.
How often does Tom take French lessons?
How often does Tom play hockey?
How many young people do you know that own as many cars as Tom does?
How do you know that Tom isn't a native speaker?
How did Tom start the fire?
How big is Tom's house?
Hang in there, Tom. Don't die.
Get Tom to help you.
Get Tom out of here.
From what I've heard, I think Tom is going to get fired.
Everybody I know thinks Tom is stuck up.
Even though Tom studied very hard, he failed the class.
Even though Tom still had tears in his eyes, he began to smile.
Even though Tom is only sixteen, he looks like he's over twenty.
Don't tell Tom about what we plan to do next weekend.
Don't tell Tom about what we did today.
Don't tell Tom about the party.
Does Tom usually wear a tie to work?
Does Tom usually put on sunscreen?
Does Tom enjoy watching horror movies?
Do you think Tom would consider dating my younger sister?
Do you think Tom is guilty?
Do you have any idea where Tom put the keys?
Do you have any idea what time Tom will come home?
Didn't Tom come to your house?
Did you know that Tom has a criminal record?
Did you know that Tom doesn't have a driver's license?
Did Tom meet the criteria for passing this class?
Did Tom arrive on time?
Could you show Tom how to use this application?
Could you help Tom pack his suitcase?
Could you give this to Tom?
Could you drive Tom home?
Can you remember the time we visited Tom when he was still a teenager?
Can you remember the summer Tom shaved his head?
Can you remember the first time you saw Tom?
Before Tom became famous, he was a junior high school art teacher.
Before the crash, Tom had been hoping to become a professional tennis player.
Because Tom admitted he had taken bribes, he didn't get reelected.
At the time of the incident, Tom was in his office.
As soon as the bell rang, Tom headed for the door.
Are you seriously thinking about giving Tom your computer?
Are you seriously thinking about changing your name to Tom?
Apparently, Tom's death was a suicide.
Apparently, Tom's car needs a new set of tires.
Apparently, Tom was late because there was a traffic jam on Rt. 19.
Apparently, Tom was already famous before he released that album.
Apparently, Tom has been cheating on his wife.
Almost all of Tom's money goes to supporting his family.
Almost all of Tom's friends are famous.
Almost all of Tom's free time is spent on a golf course.
Almost all of Tom's ex-wives still talk to him.
All I need to know about Tom is his phone number and email address.
All I know about Tom is that he's a teacher.
After the work day was over, Tom went home to his wife.
After polishing his shoes, Tom brushed his teeth and combed his hair.
After eating three dishes of ice cream, Tom had a stomachache.
After drinking three bottles of beer, Tom fell asleep.
You're wanted on the phone, Tom. It's Mary.
You'd better not tell Tom about what Mary did yesterday.
You'd be amazed how often I've seen Tom and Mary hanging out together.
You probably think Mary is cute.
You plan to go out dancing with Mary, don't you?
You never can tell what might happen if Tom meets Mary.
Yesterday, when Tom was backing up his car, he ran over Mary's bicycle.
Write down Tom's address for Mary.
Without Tom's help, Mary would have failed.
Without Tom's advice, Mary would have failed.
Without Tom, Mary would have no one to turn to.
Why would Tom want to kill Mary?
Why would Tom kill Mary?
Why do you think Tom and Mary are planning to get divorced?
Who's taller, Tom or Mary?
When was it that Tom visited Mary in the hospital?
What puzzles me most is why Tom even bothered to go see Mary.
What does Tom want to say to Mary?
What does Tom want Mary to do?
What does Tom think of Mary?
What does Tom see in Mary?
What does Tom really think of Mary?
What does Tom need to say to get Mary to forgive him?
What do you know about Mary's boyfriend?
What did Tom think Mary would say?
We're going to invite Tom and Mary to our Halloween party.
We watched Tom and Mary playing handball.
We plan to invite both Tom and Mary.
We haven't seen much of Tom since Mary committed suicide.
We believe that Tom killed Mary with an ice pick.
We believe that it was Tom that killed Mary.
We believe it was possible that Tom poisoned Mary.
Until then, Tom had never seen Mary in jeans.
Tom's the same age as Mary.
Tom's sister Mary is now in Boston.
Tom's room is only slightly larger than Mary's.
Tom's problems are nothing compared to Mary's.
Tom's parents don't want Tom and Mary to live together until after they are married.
Tom's house is near Mary's school.
Tom's dream is to travel around the world with Mary.
Tom's chauffeur opened the limousine's door for Mary.
Tom, I think we need to help Mary. It looks like she's in trouble.
Tom wrote a love letter to Mary, but she didn't read it.
Tom wouldn't speak to Mary.
Tom wouldn't let me help Mary.
Tom wouldn't let Mary in.
Tom wouldn't have been able to manage without Mary's support.
Tom wouldn't even talk to Mary after she had apologized to him.
Tom wouldn't be surprised if Mary decided not to go.
Tom wouldn't be happy living with Mary.
Tom would rather let Mary have her own way than to have an argument.
Tom worries about how Mary will make ends meet.
Tom wonders why Mary came here alone.
Tom wondered why Mary didn't tell him about it.
Tom wondered what could have made Mary change her mind.
Tom wondered if what Mary said was true.
Tom wondered if he should pretend to appreciate the dinner Mary made for him.
Tom won't ever be able to forgive Mary for cheating on him.
Tom woke Mary up at 6:as she had asked him to do.
Tom wishes Mary would come over for a visit.
Tom wiped the tears from Mary's eyes.
Tom wiped away Mary's tears.
Tom will never forget Mary's kindness.
Tom will never forget all the time Mary spent with him.
Tom will give Mary the details later.
Tom whispered something to Mary.
Tom whispered his darkest secret to Mary.
Tom went with Mary to the museum.
Tom went with Mary to Boston.
Tom went to the same school as Mary did.
Tom went to see Mary three days after that.
Tom went to see Mary the following Friday.
Tom went to church with Mary.
Tom went there to talk to Mary.
Tom went there to meet Mary.
Tom went shopping with Mary.
Tom went shopping with Mary last weekend.
Tom watched Mary dance.
Tom wasn't polite to Mary.
Tom wasn't allowed to tell Mary everything he knew.
Tom wasn't able to talk to Mary.
Tom wasn't able to meet Mary.
Tom wasn't able to contact Mary by phone.
Tom wasn't able to answer Mary's question.
Tom was wrong to refuse Mary's help.
Tom was warned not to bully Mary again.
Tom was waiting for Mary.
Tom was very rude to Mary.
Tom was very kind to Mary.
Tom was upset when Mary walked out on him.
Tom was talking to Mary with a smile on his face.
Tom was surprised to see how skimpy Mary's new swimsuit was.
Tom was surprised to hear Mary had gotten married.
Tom was surprised that Mary showed up.
Tom was surprised that Mary had changed so much.
Tom was surprised that Mary complained so much.
Tom was surprised that Mary bought such a small car.
Tom was surprised by Mary's behavior.
Tom was sound asleep when Mary walked into the room.
Tom was shocked to hear that Mary had been injured in a traffic accident.
Tom was scared Mary would shoot him with her father's rifle.
Tom was positive that the camera Mary had was his, but it wasn't.
Tom was not permitted to tell Mary everything he knew.
Tom was never able to tell Mary that he loved her.
Tom was looking forward to seeing Mary again.
Tom was looking forward to going to a movie with Mary.
Tom was looking at the pictures that Mary took when I entered the room.
Tom was lonely without Mary.
Tom was laughed at by Mary.
Tom was kissing Mary when I walked into the classroom.
Tom was kissed by Mary.
Tom was just trying to get a rise out of Mary.
Tom was impatient to see Mary again.
Tom was humiliated by Mary.
Tom was hired to supervise the production of Mary's music video.
Tom was happy to see Mary again.
Tom was guilty of spreading lies about Mary.
Tom was glad to hear Mary's voice.
Tom was flattered by Mary's attention.
Tom was eating lunch with Mary at that time.
Tom was dying to meet Mary.
Tom was disappointed to hear that Mary was already married.
Tom was disappointed in Mary's performance.
Tom was determined to kiss Mary.
Tom was determined to kill Mary.
Tom was confused by Mary's question.
Tom was completely taken in by Mary.
Tom was born the year after Mary was born.
Tom was always mean to Mary.
Tom was afraid that Mary might change her mind.
Tom was afraid of Mary's temper.
Tom was afraid of getting in trouble if he told Mary where he had really been.
Tom was advised by Mary not to go there by himself.
Tom was able to help Mary.
Tom was able to get home before Mary did.
Tom warned Mary not to be late.
Tom wants to see Mary again.
Tom wants to play golf with Mary's father.
Tom wants to make Mary happy.
Tom wants to hug Mary.
Tom wants to go out with Mary.
Tom wants to get in touch with Mary.
Tom wants to be with Mary.
Tom wants Mary to be safe.
Tom wanted to understand why Mary didn't like him.
Tom wanted to talk to Mary face to face.
Tom wanted to talk to Mary about it.
Tom wanted to surprise Mary.
Tom wanted to help Mary.
Tom wanted to be the first to shake hands with Mary after her concert.
Tom wanted to ask Mary how old she was, but he thought that maybe he shouldn't.
Tom wanted Mary to win.
Tom wanted Mary to stay a little bit longer.
Tom wanted Mary to sing his favorite song.
Tom wanted Mary to pose in the nude for his painting, but she refused to do so.
Tom wanted Mary to help him solve the problem.
Tom walked right into Mary's trap.
Tom walked Mary to the gate.
Tom walked as fast as he could to catch up with Mary.
Tom waited patiently for Mary.
Tom waited a long time for Mary, but she never showed up.
Tom volunteered to help Mary.
Tom visited Mary on Sunday morning.
Tom visited Mary on October 20th.
Tom visited Mary in Boston.
Tom vaguely remembers meeting Mary.
Tom usually walks to school with Mary.
Tom used to think Mary was the most beautiful woman in the world.
Tom used to tell Mary stories about when he lived in Boston.
Tom used to speak French better than Mary.
Tom used to play tennis with Mary.
Tom used to love Mary. Now he can't stand her.
Tom used to love Mary.
Tom used to love Mary, but that was years ago.
Tom used to live near Mary.
Tom used to help Mary with her homework.
Tom used to hate Mary. Now he loves her.
Tom used to go to school with Mary.
Tom used to go out with Mary.
Tom used to go mountain climbing with Mary.
Tom used to enjoy being with Mary.
Tom used to date Mary.
Tom used to be married to Mary.
Tom urged Mary to study harder.
Tom urged Mary to drive carefully.
Tom understood what Mary was saying.
Tom turned to Mary for advice.
Tom tried to warn Mary, but she ignored him.
Tom tried to stop Mary from drinking the last bottle of wine.
Tom tried to stay away from Mary.
Tom tried to rescue Mary.
Tom tried to prove Mary's guilt.
Tom tried to persuade Mary.
Tom tried to persuade Mary to quit smoking.
Tom tried to never think of Mary.
Tom tried to kill Mary.
Tom tried to get the splinter out of Mary's finger.
Tom tried to find out where Mary had gone.
Tom tried to explain the situation to Mary.
Tom tried to elicit a response from Mary.
Tom tried to cheer Mary up, but she kept on crying.
Tom tried to catch up with Mary, but he couldn't.
Tom tried to avoid looking at Mary.
Tom tried moving the bookcase without Mary's help.
Tom tried his hardest to persuade Mary.
Tom tricked Mary into doing his work for him.
Tom treated Mary very well.
Tom treated Mary like his own daughter.
Tom tore Mary's letter in half.
Tom took out his anger on Mary.
Tom took Mary in his arms.
Tom took home Mary's umbrella by mistake.
Tom took a picture of Mary standing under the cherry tree.
Tom told the police that Mary was missing.
Tom told me that he had not gone shopping with Mary.
Tom told me that he could see no reason why he shouldn't accept Mary's offer.
Tom told Mary what to do.
Tom told Mary to wash the dishes.
Tom told Mary to wash her face.
Tom told Mary to wait a little longer.
Tom told Mary to try harder.
Tom told Mary to mow the lawn.
Tom told Mary to make sure that she wasn't late.
Tom told Mary to listen carefully, but she didn't.
Tom told Mary to go next door and see if the neighbors needed any help.
Tom told Mary to give him a call after dinner.
Tom told Mary to behave herself.
Tom told Mary to be quiet.
Tom told Mary to be more careful.
Tom told Mary to be home by 2:30.
Tom told Mary the whole story.
Tom told Mary the truth.
Tom told Mary the secret.
Tom told Mary that she was wrong.
Tom told Mary that she was right.
Tom told Mary that she shouldn't swim.
Tom told Mary that she shouldn't go out in this kind of weather.
Tom told Mary that she looked beautiful.
Tom told Mary that she couldn't just make up the rules as she went along.
Tom told Mary that she could do whatever she wanted to do.
Tom told Mary that she could do whatever she liked.
Tom told Mary that it would probably snow all day.
Tom told Mary that he'd look into the problem.
Tom told Mary that he'd go to Boston in October.
Tom told Mary that he'd be free tomorrow.
Tom told Mary that he wouldn't be able finish the job in the amount of time she'd given him.
Tom told Mary that he would be quitting his job and going back to Boston.
Tom told Mary that he was the captain of the wrestling team.
Tom told Mary that he was happy.
Tom told Mary that he was going to kill himself, but he didn't have the courage to do it.
Tom told Mary that he loved her.
Tom told Mary that he had to leave before 2:30.
Tom told Mary that he had finished the work she had asked him to do.
Tom told Mary that he had finished the work a few days ago.
Tom told Mary that he didn't love her.
Tom told Mary that he couldn't live without her.
Tom told Mary that he couldn't allow her to do that.
Tom told Mary not to worry.
Tom told Mary not to waste her money on such a thing.
Tom told Mary not to swim there.
Tom told Mary not to swim alone.
Tom told Mary not to study so hard.
Tom told Mary not to play with fire.
Tom told Mary not to go.
Tom told Mary not to go there alone.
Tom told Mary not to be late.
Tom told Mary not to be late again.
Tom told Mary his phone number.
Tom told Mary his age.
Tom told Mary he wanted a divorce.
Tom told Mary and her children an interesting story.
Tom told Mary an interesting story.
Tom told Mary all about his childhood.
Tom told Mary a racist joke.
Tom tied Mary to the chair.
Tom threw Mary's book into the fire.
Tom threw Mary the ball.
Tom threw Mary out of the bar.
Tom threatened to kill Mary.
Tom threatened Mary.
Tom thought that Mary was hiding something from him.
Tom thought only of Mary.
Tom thought Mary's offer was unreasonable.
Tom thought it would be difficult for Mary to get a ticket to that concert.
Tom thought it would be dangerous for Mary to go alone.
Tom thought about Mary a lot.
Tom thinks that Mary is afraid of snakes.
Tom thinks that Mary drinks too much coffee.
Tom thinks Mary will divorce her husband.
Tom thinks Mary is still in Boston.
Tom thinks Mary is over forty.
Tom thinks Mary is guilty.
Tom thinks it's time for Mary to ask for help.
Tom thinks it's better not to lend Mary any money.
Tom thinks it possible for Mary to get a job with that company.
Tom thinks it impossible for Mary to break the record.
Tom thinks it's important for Mary to learn how to speak French.
Tom thinks he can trust Mary.
Tom thinks he can trust Mary not to do something stupid.
Tom thanked Mary for her help.
Tom thanked Mary for her advice.
Tom thanked Mary for helping him.
Tom thanked Mary for all her help.
Tom testified against Mary.
Tom terrified Mary.
Tom teased Mary.
Tom taught Mary how to swim.
Tom taught Mary how to play the piano.
Tom taught Mary how to bake bread.
Tom talked with Mary for nearly an hour.
Tom talked with Mary all night.
Tom talked to Mary on the telephone.
Tom talked to Mary after class.
Tom talked Mary into joining our band.
Tom talked Mary into going to the concert with him.
Tom talked Mary into buying a new computer.
Tom takes a walk with Mary and her dog every day.
Tom sympathized with Mary.
Tom surprised Mary with an expensive gift.
Tom surprised Mary with a kiss.
Tom suggested that I write Mary a letter.
Tom suggested that I go to a movie with Mary.
Tom suggested that I accompany Mary to the party.
Tom suffocated Mary with a feather pillow.
Tom stopped to talk to Mary.
Tom stood close to Mary.
Tom stole Mary's computer.
Tom stole all of Mary's money.
Tom stole a lot of money from Mary.
Tom still loves Mary.
Tom still has feelings for Mary.
Tom still can't get Mary out of his head.
Tom stepped aside to allow Mary to pass.
Tom stays in touch with Mary.
Tom stayed in touch with Mary.
Tom stared at Mary.
Tom stared at Mary from across the room.
Tom stabbed Mary with a spear.
Tom stabbed Mary with a hunting knife.
Tom stabbed Mary in the neck with his ballpoint pen.
Tom stabbed Mary in the back.
Tom spoke to Mary in private about the matter.
Tom spent all the money he had to buy Mary a Christmas present.
Tom spends all his time thinking about Mary.
Tom spends a majority of his time helping Mary.
Tom spends a lot of time with Mary.
Tom spends a lot of time helping Mary do her homework.
Tom soon caught up with Mary.
Tom sometimes sees Mary on the street in front of his house.
Tom sometimes plays tennis with Mary.
Tom sold the necklace to Mary for a very low price.
Tom sold Mary his car.
Tom smuggled a bottle of whiskey into Mary's hospital room.
Tom smiled at Mary.
Tom slit Mary's throat.
Tom slipped some money into Mary's hand.
Tom slapped Mary.
Tom showed Mary the way.
Tom showed Mary some pictures of his hometown.
Tom showed Mary how to use the washing machine.
Tom showed Mary how to do it.
Tom showed Mary around the city.
Tom showed his photo album to Mary.
Tom shouted Mary's name as loud as he could, but she didn't hear him.
Tom shouted at the top of his lungs so Mary could hear him over the sound of the waterfall.
Tom shouldn't wait for Mary for more than ten minutes.
Tom shouldn't trust Mary.
Tom shouldn't tell Mary anything about his past.
Tom shouldn't tell Mary anything about his ex-girlfriends.
Tom shouldn't say such rude things to Mary.
Tom shouldn't make fun of Mary's limp.
Tom shouldn't make fun of Mary.
Tom shouldn't have told Mary.
Tom shouldn't have told Mary his secrets.
Tom shouldn't have stolen Mary's money.
Tom shouldn't have made Mary angry.
Tom shouldn't have kept Mary waiting so long.
Tom shouldn't have given Mary a diamond ring.
Tom shouldn't have driven Mary's car.
Tom shouldn't have borrowed Mary's car.
Tom should tell Mary the truth.
Tom should know better than to ask Mary for a loan.
Tom should help Mary with the housework.
Tom should have told Mary the truth.
Tom should have paid attention to what Mary said.
Tom should have listened to Mary more carefully.
Tom should have known better than to trust Mary.
Tom should have known better than to lend money to Mary.
Tom should have known better than to kiss Mary in public.
Tom should have known better than to call Mary after midnight.
Tom should have known better than to believe Mary.
Tom should have invited Mary, but he didn't.
Tom should have helped Mary move the sofa.
Tom should have followed Mary's advice.
Tom should have done it the way Mary told him to do it.
Tom should've asked Mary for help.
Tom should have apologized to Mary.
Tom should go to see Mary in the hospital this afternoon.
Tom should do what Mary says.
Tom should do as Mary suggests.
Tom should definitely go visit Mary next weekend.
Tom should definitely ask for Mary's opinion.
Tom should be more careful not to bother Mary while she's working.
Tom should be careful not to underestimate Mary.
Tom should ask Mary how to do it.
Tom should ask Mary for advice.
Tom should apologize to Mary for not arriving on time.
Tom should apologize to Mary for being so rude to her mother.
Tom shot Mary with a speargun.
Tom shot Mary with a shotgun.
Tom shot Mary with a crossbow.
Tom shot Mary three times.
Tom shot at Mary, but he missed.
Tom shook hands with Mary.
Tom shared the apartment with Mary and three other friends.
Tom shared his lunch with Mary.
Tom shared a room with his younger sister Mary.
Tom set the table for dinner while Mary cooked.
Tom set fire to Mary's house.
Tom sent money to Mary to help her pay for school expenses.
Tom sent Mary some flowers.
Tom sent Mary home.
Tom sent Mary a three-page letter.
Tom sent Mary a message.
Tom sensed that Mary was in pain.
Tom seldom speaks to Mary.
Tom seldom laughed at Mary's jokes.
Tom seems to have misunderstood Mary.
Tom seems to believe everything Mary says.
Tom seems to be involved with Mary.
Tom seems to be interested in Mary.
Tom seems to always get along well with Mary.
Tom scolded Mary for not calling to say she'd be late.
Tom scolded Mary for not arriving on time.
Tom says that he'll pick Mary up at 2:30.
Tom says that he heard a similar story from Mary.
Tom says that he has no trouble understanding Mary's French.
Tom says that he can't believe anything Mary says.
Tom says that he always feels tense when Mary is in the room.
Tom says that he always enjoys playing cards with Mary.
Tom says he saw who crashed into Mary's car.
Tom says he can't put up with Mary's behavior any longer.
Tom says he can't imagine life without Mary.
Tom says he can't ignore Mary's behavior any longer.
Tom saw me give Mary some money.
Tom saw Mary earlier this week.
Tom saw Mary at the party.
Tom saw Mary again.
Tom sat next to Mary.
Tom sat next to Mary on the bus.
Tom sat next to Mary in class.
Tom sat next to Mary at the concert.
Tom sat down beside Mary.
Tom sat beside Mary.
Tom sat across from Mary.
Tom said that Mary was stupid.
Tom said that Mary had a cold.
Tom said that he was eager to eat lunch with Mary.
Tom said that he wanted to make Mary happy.
Tom said that he loved Mary.
Tom said that he felt sorry for Mary.
Tom said nothing about Mary's black eye.
Tom said Mary would come.
Tom said he'd help Mary with her plan.
Tom said he had seen Mary a couple of months ago.
Tom said he didn't care about Mary's past even though he really did.
Tom said he didn't answer Mary's letter, because he was busy.
Tom said he could give Mary some money.
Tom robbed Mary of all her money.
Tom risked his life to save Mary.
Tom respects Mary a lot.
Tom reported Mary missing.
Tom reminded Mary to go to the bank before 5:00.
Tom remembers that Mary was kind of cute.
Tom remembers telling Mary the story about how he had escaped from being eaten by cannibals.
Tom remembers giving Mary the key to the suitcase.
Tom remembered how beautiful Mary had been when he first met her.
Tom relied on Mary.
Tom regrets telling Mary his telephone number.
Tom regrets having told Mary about the incident.
Tom regrets having been rude to Mary.
Tom refused to talk to Mary.
Tom refused to let Mary in.
Tom refused to let Mary go out and play in the rain.
Tom refused to give Mary any information.
Tom refused to continue to ignore the way Mary was behaving at school.
Tom refused to believe that Mary was guilty.
Tom refused to believe that Mary didn't like him.
Tom refused to accept the gift from Mary.
Tom refused Mary's offer to help.
Tom refused Mary's offer to drive him home.
Tom recognized Mary immediately.
Tom recognized Mary by her voice.
Tom recognized Mary as soon as he saw her.
Tom received a letter from Mary this morning.
Tom really needs to tell Mary the truth.
Tom really enjoys talking with Mary, doesn't he?
Tom read the letter to Mary.
Tom read about Mary's accident in the newspaper.
Tom read a poem to Mary.
Tom put a diamond ring on Mary's finger.
Tom pushed Mary out the door.
Tom pushed Mary off the diving board.
Tom purposely wore his shirt inside out just to irritate Mary.
Tom pulled Mary out of the quicksand.
Tom proposed to Mary.
Tom promised to meet Mary at the usual time and the usual place.
Tom promised to help Mary with her homework.
Tom promised Mary that he'd pay back all the money that he'd borrowed from her.
Tom promised Mary that he'd meet her last night, but he never showed up.
Tom promised Mary that he'd meet her after school.
Tom promised Mary that he'd keep their engagement secret.
Tom promised Mary that he'd come home early today.
Tom promised Mary that he'd be more careful in the future.
Tom promised Mary that he'd be home by 5:30.
Tom promised Mary that he wouldn't tell anybody.
Tom promised Mary that he wouldn't do that again.
Tom promised Mary he'd come home early.
Tom promised Mary he'd be here by 2:30.
Tom promised he'd tell Mary the news.
Tom promised he'd help Mary.
Tom probably got tired of waiting for Mary and left.
Tom pretended not to understand what Mary was saying.
Tom pretended not to know who Mary was.
Tom pretended not to know Mary's email address.
Tom pretended not to know anything about Mary.
Tom pretended not to hear Mary.
Tom pressured Mary to quit.
Tom prepared Mary for the bad news.
Tom prepared lunch for Mary.
Tom predicted Mary would win the race.
Tom prayed for Mary's safe return.
Tom prayed for Mary to get well.
Tom praised Mary for always being on time.
Tom poured Mary a cup of coffee.
Tom poured a cup of tea for Mary.
Tom postponed his party until Mary got out of the hospital.
Tom pointed out the mistakes that Mary had made.
Tom pointed out Mary's mistakes.
Tom pointed at Mary.
Tom plays the xylophone better than Mary does.
Tom plays the baritone saxophone and Mary plays the alto saxophone.
Tom goes out with Mary three or four times a month.
Tom played the oboe and Mary accompanied him on the piano.
Tom played the accordion while Mary danced.
Tom played cards with Mary.
Tom played a waltz on the piano using only his thumbs and Mary was very impressed.
Tom plans to see Mary on Monday.
Tom plans to go visit Mary in Boston one of these days.
Tom plans to go skiing with Mary.
Tom plans to go out dancing with Mary, doesn't he?
Tom pitched the tent while Mary started the fire.
Tom picked up a stone and threw it at Mary.
Tom picked some pink flowers for Mary.
Tom picked out an interesting book for Mary to read.
Tom picked Mary up at the station.
Tom picked a fight with Mary.
Tom persuaded Mary to lend him her new car.
Tom persuaded Mary to join our band.
Tom persuaded Mary to go to the party.
Tom persuaded Mary to go on a date with him.
Tom persuaded Mary to change her mind.
Tom persuaded Mary that she should try again.
Tom persuaded Mary not to go.
Tom persuaded Mary not to go swimming by herself.
Tom peeped in the window and saw that Mary was still sleeping.
Tom passed by Mary's house the day before yesterday.
Tom parked his car behind Mary's house.
Tom painted a picture of Mary's dog.
Tom painted a picture for Mary.
Tom paid no attention to what Mary said.
Tom paid no attention to Mary's advice.
Tom paid no attention to Mary all afternoon.
Tom owes Mary slightly over a thousand dollars.
Tom ought to have told Mary the truth.
Tom ordered some pie and so did Mary.
Tom ordered beer for himself and red wine for Mary.
Tom ordered a beer for himself and a gin tonic for Mary.
Tom opened the door for Mary.
Tom only saw Mary once.
Tom only had a dim recollection of what Mary looked like.
Tom only got the gist of what Mary was saying.
Tom only allowed Mary to watch three hours of television a week.
Tom often thinks of Mary when he hears a string quartet.
Tom often talks with Mary.
