We talked about various subjects.
We discussed different topics.
Where others have opinions, Regina issues edicts.
His was a generous, open-hearted nature.
Open-heart surgery is giving way to laparoscopic intervention.
Waldos, which are a kind of hand-operated robot--and are coming into vogue with surgeons--take their name from an early story of Heinlein's.
Quickly he loosed the stern line and climbed into the boat by the bow.
Last month was November, right?
This computer saves us a lot of work.
We walk along the lakeside.
Can you wait a bit?
I'd rather peel potatoes with a potato peeler than with an ordinary knife.
That should be kept between us.
To my surprise he failed the test.
The mysteries will be cleared up when the chest is finally opened.
I should not advise you to go there alone.
It's usually a pretty safe place, even after dark.
Dammit! That was our only way out!
Hold it! We need to rethink our strategy here.
Reuben's busy right now, maybe come by later?
The gum's ten cents.
Something's out of whack here.
Good God! You scared me there.
Oh, it's you. Come in.
The pasta was literally swimming in butter.
Sorry, I can't let you stay here.
I'm sort of an introvert.
I'm sort of an extrovert.
The less said, the better.
We're in 3/time here.
The rain falls on the just and the unjust alike.
I don't remember her name anymore.
He has no hat on.
He doesn't have a hat on.
The air is soft, and the soil is moist.
You'll find something that interests you.
Please throw away your trash from this room.
The room became filled with smoke.
Where is the giraffe?
More time is needed for the preparations.
Please wash it.
I think she is good at dancing.
China is an advocate for the Diaoyu Islands' sovereignty.
The apartment caught on fire.
When you leave the bathroom, you should wash your hands.
From the time he got up, his beliefs began to sway.
The tree is green.
The motion was carried unanimously.
How can you get Tom to heed the comments with suggested corrections?
The settling of piston rings into a cylinder's wall is the goal of modern engine break-ins.
You're the only man who doesn't remember anything of what he's dreamed after he wakes up.
I really don't think that this is of any importance to us.
The quotation marks are superfluous.
Are you absolutely sure you want to drop out of school?
Are you sure you don't want something a little smaller?
Are you sure you don't want to consider another option?
Do you really want to raise these children by yourself?
Do you want to live with Tom for the rest of your life?
Do you want to work at a hamburger joint all your life?
I don't know where Tom was and I don't want to ask him.
I don't want to argue about this in front of everybody.
I don't want to be treated any differently than before.
I don't want you to do anything you're going to regret.
I just want to be able to support my family and myself.
I just want to say how thankful I am for all your help.
I suppose you want to ask me who I was with last night.
I think you'll want to contact Tom as soon as possible.
I want everyone to show me his or her driver's license.
I want to apologize for all the terrible things I said.
I want to do what I used to do before I went to prison.
I'm not sure my parents would want me to give you that.
I'm tired of waiting to do all the things I want to do.
If you didn't want to go, you should've said something.
If you want to ask any more questions, you can ask Tom.
The last thing I want to do is cause you any more pain.
Tom and I want to talk to Mary alone for a few minutes.
Tom and Mary don't understand what you want them to do.
Tom didn't want anybody to find out about him and Mary.
Tom isn't the kind of person I want dating my daughter.
Tom probably doesn't want to live on this side of town.
Tom wanted Mary dead because she had murdered his kids.
Tom wanted me to keep it quiet until he talked to Mary.
Tom wanted to kiss Mary goodbye, but knew he shouldn't.
We often do what we have to do, not what we want to do.
Which do you want first, the good news or the bad news?
You may be forced to fight, whether you want to or not.
You might want to think about this a little bit longer.
"Do you want to hug me or kiss me?" "I want to do both."
All I want now is a hot shower and a good night's sleep.
Do you have any idea why someone would want to kill Tom?
Do you want to go out dancing with me on Saturday night?
Do you want to know if your marriage will be successful?
Here's a list of people I want to invite to our wedding.
I don't want that and I know you don't want that either.
I don't want to go through another experience like that.
I don't want Tom anywhere near his classmates right now.
I don't want Tom telling Mary she needs to be here all day.
I hear you're selling your car. What do you want for it?
I suppose you want to ask me what I was doing yesterday.
I want to be sure you understand what's going to happen.
I want you to tell them I didn't do what you said I did.
I wanted to thank you for everything you've done for me.
I'm prepared to give you a second chance if you want it.
It's time for Tom to understand how we want things done.
Maybe I should just tell Tom I want my money back today.
The last thing I want to do is come between you and Tom.
There is something important I want to discuss with you.
Tom doesn't seem to want to have anything to do with me.
You may want to consider postponing your trip to Boston.
Are you sure you don't want me to talk to Tom about that?
Are you sure you want to borrow Tom's car without asking?
Do we really want to spend the entire weekend doing this?
Do you want to go out to a movie with me on Friday night?
I could force you to do that, but I don't really want to.
I don't ever want to be as irritating as Tom seems to be.
I don't want anyone to find where we buried the treasure.
I promised Tom and I really don't want to disappoint him.
I want to apologize to all of you for what just happened.
I want to find out how many people died in that accident.
I want Tom to know that I didn't mean for this to happen.
I wouldn't want to do anything that would make Tom angry.
I'd like for Tom to tell you what he did on Friday night.
I'd like for Tom to tell you where he was two nights ago.
If you didn't want to come, you should've said something.
If you had wanted our help, why didn't you ask us for it?
Is there something in your room you don't want me to see?
It looked like you didn't want to do what you were doing.
It's clear Tom doesn't want to deal with it at this time.
Just tell me what it is you want and I'll give it to you.
Tell Tom I want my belongings returned to me immediately.
The only time you talk to me is when you need some money.
Tom didn't want Mary to tell him how to run his business.
Tom doesn't want to play any of the songs Mary requested.
Tom says he wants to spend the rest of his life with you.
Tom told Mary that he wanted to break off the engagement.
Tom wanted a picture taken of the damage done to his car.
Tom wanted me to find out if you'd be willing to help us.
Tom wanted me to let you know when Mary will be arriving.
Tom wants me to buy a suit to wear to that job interview.
What I really want to hear about is Tom's new girlfriend.
What you want and what you need are two different things.
You want me to get a better job, but I don't think I can.
Are you honestly telling me you never want to get married?
Are you sure you don't want me to help you do the laundry?
I didn't want to go on this mission, but I was ordered to.
I don't know who Tom was with and I don't want to ask him.
I don't want there to be any chance of a misunderstanding.
I don't want to go and I know you don't want to go either.
I don't want Tom to be in the room while I'm on the phone.
I think you and Tom are more alike than you want to admit.
I want everything you just said written into the contract.
I want the two of you to try to get along with each other.
I want to know if you can go fishing with us next weekend.
I want Tom to know why I couldn't come to visit him today.
I'd like this meeting to last no more than twenty minutes.
If you want me to wear those boots, I'll wear those boots.
If you want to do that, I'm not going to try and stop you.
Now's the time to decide if you want to go with us or not.
The question still remains why Tom would want to do that.
Tom never really wanted to become a professional musician.
We want to make absolutely sure that Tom wants to do that.
You could buy all of those things if you really want them.
You might want to sit down. This is going to take a while.
Are you saying you don't want to help us paint the ceiling?
Are you sure you don't want me to take you to the hospital?
Do you want me to talk to Tom about what's going to happen?
I don't want to have to listen to Tom sing that song again.
I don't want you knocking on my door at two in the morning.
I just don't understand why people would want to live here.
I just don't want to have people thinking I'm not sociable.
I think you're having a better time than you want to admit.
I want that more than I've ever wanted anything in my life.
I want to be part of the solution, not part of the problem.
I want to cut down on the time it takes to process records.
I want to find out what Mary is going to wear to the dance.
I wanted a key to Tom's house, but he wouldn't give me one.
I'd like it if you would clean this room before I get back.
If he really doesn't want to do that, he shouldn't have to.
If you don't want to attend the meeting, you don't have to.
If you really want a challenge, you should try windsurfing.
If you want to go there, I'm not going to try and stop you.
Sometimes we do what we have to do, not what we want to do.
The last thing we want to do is to forget to pay our bills.
Tom didn't want Mary to see his painting until it was done.
Tom doesn't want you to share this information with anyone.
Tom is exactly the sort of guy Mary wants to hang out with.
You don't know how bad I want to learn how to speak French.
Are you honestly telling me you never want to see Tom again?
I don't want to get off on the wrong foot with the new boss.
I don't want you to feel that I'm pressuring you to do this.
I really wanted to go to Tom's concert, but it was sold out.
I still have a lot of questions I want to ask you about Tom.
I think the first thing you might want to do is talk to Tom.
I want to apologize for all the things I said earlier today.
I wanted Tom stopped, but I didn't think anyone could do it.
If I were you, I'd want to know what Tom is doing right now.
It'll take me a long time to do all the things I want to do.
Look, I've had a long day and I want to go to bed right now.
Tom didn't want anyone to know that he had been dating Mary.
Tom thought he might want to become a pediatric neurologist.
Tom wanted to do it this afternoon, but I begged him not to.
When are you going to tell Tom that you want to get married?
Can you think of anyone who would want to rent my extra room?
Do you want this done quickly or do you want this done right?
I don't know why Tom didn't come and I don't want to ask him.
I don't like being made to do things I don't want to do.
I don't want there to be any chance of our missing the train.
I figured you wouldn't want to drink coffee so late at night.
I hope you know that the last thing I want to do is hurt you.
I really do want to devote some more time to studying French.
I sometimes just don't want to get out of bed in the morning.
I suppose you want to ask me where I was yesterday afternoon.
I want to find out if Tom is going to go out and eat with us.
I want to find out when Tom is planning to finish doing that.
I want to get into shape, so I've been working out every day.
If you want something done, you often have to do it yourself.
The only time my son talks to me is when he needs some money.
Tom isn't going to make you do anything you don't want to do.
Tom isn't interested in Mary and she isn't interested in him.
Tom wants desperately to believe that what Mary said is true.
You might want to consider buying some new tires for your car.
You might want to encourage Tom to do his own homework early.
You want to grow up to be big and strong like Tom, don't you?
Are you absolutely sure you want to sell your father's guitar?
Are you sure you don't want me to help you with your homework?
Are you sure you don't want to live at home with your parents?
I'd like nothing better than to fire Tom, but I can't do that.
One thing I don't ever want to do again is punch a time clock.
The last thing I want to do is give you any reason to fire me.
Tom didn't want me to tell you this, but he just lost his job.
Tom told me you only want two hundred dollars for your guitar.
Why in a million years would I want to do something like that?
I can't believe you don't want to at least look out the window.
I just want to be able to visit my children whenever I want to.
I just want to know why you didn't come over to help yesterday.
I just want you to consider the possibility that you are wrong.
I think you and Tom have more in common than you want to admit.
I want the whole world to know that we're going to get married.
I wanted to explain what had happened, but no one would listen.
I wish I didn't have to do all those things I don't want to do.
I'd like for Tom to tell you who he was with on Saturday night.
I'd like to have a word with you about what happened yesterday.
If you ever want to get better, you have to take this medicine.
If you want more details than that, you'll have to ask my boss.
Something you might want to consider buying is a new briefcase.
There's one thing I want to do before I go. I want to kiss you.
Tom made it clear that he didn't want anything to do with Mary.
Can you think of anyone who would want to do this kind of thing?
I don't want you to think that I'm not happy with your decision.
I just think that Tom should be able to go where he wants to go.
I just want to make sure you live up to your end of the bargain.
I want each of you to tell me exactly what you did last weekend.
I want everyone in the conference room tomorrow morning by 8:00.
If there's anything you want to do, you should do it if you can.
It was a nice place to visit, but I wouldn't want to live there.
One thing I don't ever want to do again is spend time in prison.
People always want to blame someone else for all their problems.
Tom didn't want me to tell you this, but he's still dating Mary.
Tom made it clear that he didn't want to eat before the concert.
Have you thought about what time of year you want to get married?
I can get us some tickets to Tom's concert if you want to go.
I don't want everybody on the Web to be able to access my photos.
I don't want to do what I'm planning to do, but I have no choice.
I want a written report in my hands first thing tomorrow morning.
I want you to tell me everything you know about what's happening.
Sometimes our prayers aren't answered the way we want them to be.
The first thing you'll usually want to do is check the oil level.
Tom asked Mary the one question she really didn't want to answer.
Tom doesn't really want to talk about this, but he has no choice.
Tom wanted to get back home before the kids realized he had left.
Tom wanted to give Mary a goodbye kiss. However, she backed away.
You didn't come into the office yesterday and I want to know why.
Do you want to give up now after all the time we've put into this?
Have you thought about what time of year you want to visit Boston?
I didn't want to believe the things Tom said about Mary yesterday.
I don't think I'll have enough time to do everything I want to do.
I wanted to give you something, but I wasn't sure what you'd like.
I'm not going to tell you unless you tell me why you want to know.
Obviously, I can't force you to do something you don't want to do.
Recently, I've been thinking about what I want to do with my life.
Are you sure you don't want to come with me to get a cup of coffee?
Do you want me to just call Tom up and tell him that we can't come?
Do your really want to be doing this job for the rest of your life?
Have you thought about what time of year you want to take a cruise?
I don't care how much you want it. I'm not going to give it to you.
I hear you're selling your motorcycle. How much do you want for it?
I want to give you some money to help you through these hard times.
I want to go to sleep soon because I need to get up early tomorrow.
I wanted to borrow your camera to take pictures of Tom's new house.
If you don't want to go to Tom's birthday party, you don't have to.
Mary wanted me to look the other way while she was getting dressed.
Maybe eventually you'll decide you don't want to live here anymore.
One thing you definitely don't want to do is borrow money from Tom.
Tom and Mary didn't seem to understand what John wanted them to do.
Tom has done things he doesn't want his children to find out about.
Tom wanted to drive, but since he was drunk, Mary wouldn't let him.
What makes you so sure Tom doesn't want to play basketball with us?
All I want to do is sit here and drink this bottle of wine with you.
I don't think I want to answer any more of your questions right now.
I don't want a lot of money. I just want enough to live comfortably.
I don't want Tom to make the situation any worse than it already is.
I just want you to know that I won't be able to come to your picnic.
I want to find out if Tom is going to wear the new shirt I gave him.
I wouldn't ask Tom to do anything that he doesn't really want to do.
I'd think that the last thing you'd want to do right now is go home.
If you don't want to attend Tom's birthday party, you don't have to.
If you want to find out more information about this, please call us.
Tom wants Mary to know he's not planning on asking her to marry him.
While Tom is here, you might want to have him fix your leaky faucet.
I want to apologize for the way I talked to you the last time we met.
I want to believe there's still a chance for us to be happy together.
I wouldn't want Tom to think we're not taking his proposal seriously.
I'm already twenty and I have no idea what I want to do with my life.
If you don't want to do it yourself, you can ask Tom to do it.
If you want one, you'll have to pay for it out of your own allowance.
One thing you definitely don't want to do is to go out alone after dark.
We don't want to do anything without thinking about the consequences.
I get the distinct impression that somebody doesn't want Tom to leave.
I suppose you want to ask me why I didn't go to your party last night.
I think Tom didn't want to hang out with you guys two nights in a row.
I want to go back to doing what I was doing before you interrupted me.
Tom doesn't want to admit it, but he's excited about tomorrow's dance.
Tom doesn't want to go through another experience like the one he had.
Are you sure you don't want me to buy you something at the supermarket?
Let's play another hand of poker. I want a chance to win my money back.
Now's the time to decide whether you really want to get married or not.
Tom probably just wants to find out what time he's supposed to be here.
We just want to ask him a few questions about what he did last weekend.
Have you thought about what time of year you want to start your journey?
I'd think that the last thing you'd want to do right now is talk to Tom.
It's not that I don't want to go, it's just that it's not a good time for me.
I wanted to see the elephant first, but Tom wanted to see the monkeys.
I'd like to go through just one day without being told I need to grow up.
If you don't want to have any more contact with Tom, that's fine with me.
I understand how much you want to go to the party, but I can't let you go.
Tom wanted to give Mary a goodbye kiss, but he thought maybe he shouldn't.
Tom wants to ask what Mary has been doing, but he knows that he shouldn't.
I don't want to give them any reason to think I'm not willing to do my job.
If there's anything you want to do, you should do it if it makes you happy.
You can believe what you want to about me, but that doesn't mean it's true.
Tom hid in the mountains because he didn't want to get caught by the police.
Don't you want all your friends to come to your party and celebrate with you?
I want each of you to take out a piece of paper and write down what happened.
I wanted to have lunch with Tom tomorrow, but he told me he'd be out of town.
Tom wanted me to tell you that no matter what happens, he'll always love you.
You can say anything you want about me, but don't say anything bad about Tom.
Do you really want me to tell Tom that you were the one who killed his father?
I do like Tom. I just don't want to have dinner with him four nights in a row.
I think the first thing you might want to do is put some gasoline in your car.
I want to apologize to you for calling you a jerk in front of your girlfriend.
I'd like to go through just one day without being told I look like my brother.
Do you want a second opinion? I can get another doctor to come here right away.
I want to be able to walk down this street without worrying about getting shot.
My parents wanted me to marry a nice guy like Tom, but I was in love with John.
Tom didn't want to encourage Mary to do anything that might get her in trouble.
I don't want to have to hurt you, but if you get in my way, I'll have no choice.
I wanted Tom to take some aspirin, but he said he didn't think it would help.
What I really want is for Tom to teach me how to play a few chords on my guitar.
I don't want to be the one who tells Tom that Mary died in an automobile accident.
I figured you wouldn't want the teacher to know you hadn't done your homework yet.
I know you probably don't want to go out with me, but I'd love to go out with you.
I still have a lot of questions I want to ask you about your relationship with Tom.
I wanted to discuss this with you yesterday, but you didn't seem to want to listen.
I suppose you want to ask me how I was able to make so much money in so little time.
Whether you believe it or not, I want to get this thing over with as much as you do.
I hope you know that the last thing I want to do is go there without your permission.
I'm pretty sure the first thing you'll want to do when you get to Boston is call home.
Tom wanted me to tell you that he was going to be away from the office for a few days.
Tom wanted to cut down that tree in his front yard, but Mary doesn't want it cut down.
I told Tom the reason I didn't want to do it was that I didn't think it was a good idea.
Tom wanted to give you a surprise party, but I knew you'd hate it, so I told him not to.
I know some of you want to go back to the way things were, but that's not going to happen.
My mother always told me I would be able do anything I wanted to do if I put my mind to it.
Children often want to do things that are dangerous without knowing that they are dangerous.
We want to be fair.
I want you to handle it.
They want you to resign.
Why would Tom want that?
I want to live in Boston.
I still want to marry Tom.
I want to stretch my legs.
If you want to talk, talk.
Do you want to say goodbye?
I want to be here with you.
I want to kiss Tom goodbye.
I want you to call Tom now.
I want you to speak frankly.
I don't want to waste your time.
I want you to give each other a hug.
I don't particularly want to do that.
I want you to come to Boston with me.
Do you guys want to read what I wrote?
I don't want you two talking about me.
You're just the man I want to speak to.
I want to apologize for everything I said.
You're just the person I want to speak to.
I suppose you want to ask me where I've been.
There's something I want to discuss with you.
Do you want to know my first impression of Tom?
I'm not sure Tom would want me to give you that.
Do you want to spend the rest of your life alone?
I know you don't want to talk about what happened.
If you really want to know, why don't you ask Tom?
Why don't you ask me what you really want to know?
I want you to go to your room and pack your things.
I'd like for Tom to tell you why he did what he did.
Are you sure you want to leave without saying goodbye?
Tell us what you want and we'll try to get it for you.
You might want to childproof those electrical sockets.
Why didn't you come to the party?
What are the drawbacks of this approach?
Urdu is my mother tongue.
French is my mother tongue.
Urdu is our mother tongue.
Urdu is her mother tongue.
Urdu is his mother tongue.
I gave my plans away.
We helped each other.
Never put off until tomorrow what you can put off until next week.
Why do today what you can put off until tomorrow?
I'm not above begging in order to get the job.
The more guests there are, the more difficult it is to keep a surprise party secret.
I'm tired of being retired.
He's a quick study.
We'll go to any length to send our child to a good university.
The proposed legislation runs roughshod over at least three amendments to the constitution.
What you make is small potatoes compared to the boss's salary.
Madness is repeating the same experience, expecting the results to be different.
The press has been hounding the president nonstop about reneging on his promise not to raise taxes.
Humans are supposedly rational animals, but make most decisions based on gut feeling.
We chose a hotel in the vicinity of the museum.
We've chosen a hotel in the vicinity of the museum.
The motion was approved unanimously.
The motion was unanimously adopted.
Insanity means doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results.
Tomorrow is my birthday; I will be seventeen.
You don't have to go if you don't want to.
She always forgets my telephone number.
Give me half.
I often get up very early.
I know how to solve the problem.
The bodies were found decapitated and with the skin flayed.
If no goals are set, it's impossible to fail to achieve them.
You have to go there, even if you don't want to.
We don't see this eye to eye, but it's not me who is wrong.
He and I don't agree on that matter, but it's not me who is wrong.
Open, Sesame!
I didn't know this song.
I was not familiar with this song.
He lives over there, on that hill.
I think he was involved in that affair.
He was in the hospital for a week.
They told me João went to live in Argentina.
I divided my funding into three equal parts.
The oldest brother became a successful trader.
Now I wish to go to sleep.
I would like to go to sleep now.
As far as I know, they are still together.
The older brother became a successful trader.
The oldest son succeeded in doubling his inheritance.
The older son succeeded in doubling his inheritance.
The two of them were equally stressed out.
I love you beyond measure.
A rich trader felt that the hour of his death was approaching.
I was happy.
We're happy.
Is Tom happy?
Make me happy.
They're happy.
Was Tom happy?
We were happy.
Happy holidays.
I was so happy.
I'm happy here.
I'm happy, Tom.
I'm happy, too.
Nobody's happy.
Tom died happy.
Were you happy?
You look happy.
You seem happy.
You were happy.
Be happy for me.
They look happy.
Tom looks happy.
You'll be happy.
Are we all happy?
I'm always happy.
I'm fairly happy.
I'm really happy.
Tom is happy now.
Tom seemed happy.
Tom was so happy.
Tom wasn't happy.
We weren't happy.
Everyone is happy.
Happy anniversary!
I should be happy.
I'm happy for Tom.
I'm happy for you.
I'm happy to help.
I'm happy to talk.
I'm happy to wait.
I'm happy tonight.
I'm just so happy.
It's a happy tune.
They're not happy.
Tom is very happy.
Tom will be happy.
Try to look happy.
You look so happy.
You were so happy.
Are you happy, Tom?
Choose to be happy.
Did Tom seem happy?
Happy Thanksgiving!
I'm happy for them.
I'm happy to do it.
I'm not happy here.
Is everybody happy?
No one looks happy.
They are all happy.
They look so happy.
They seem so happy.
Tom is a happy man.
Tom is happier now.
Tom is happy again.
Tom looks so happy.
Tom was real happy.
Try and look happy.
We're really happy.
Are you still happy?
I can die happy now.
I was happy for Tom.
I'm perfectly happy.
Put on a happy face.
That makes me happy.
Tom is always happy.
Tom seemed so happy.
Tom was never happy.
Why is Tom so happy?
You look very happy.
You should be happy.
You're always happy.
Are we all happy now?
Are you really happy?
I choose to be happy.
I wish you happiness.
I'd be happy to help.
I'm happy to hear it.
I'm happy where I am.
I'm happy you called.
I've been happy here.
I've been very happy.
It makes me so happy.
That's a happy sound.
That's why I'm happy.
Tom is not very happy.
Tom is visibly happy.
Tom makes Mary happy.
Tom will be so happy.
Why would I be happy?
You don't seem happy.
You seem to be happy.
Get ready to be happy.
I couldn't be happier.
I guess we were happy.
I love a happy ending.
I was happy, wasn't I?
I'm glad you're happy.
I'm happy to be alive.
I'm happy to meet you.
I'm so happy you came.
Look how happy Tom is.
My life is very happy.
That'll make me happy.
They don't seem happy.
Tom can die happy now.
Tom did a happy dance.
Tom doesn't look happy.
Tom seems happy again.
Tom still isn't happy.
We'd be happy to help.
Who made you so happy?
You all look so happy.
You ought to be happy.
You seemed happy here.
You'll be happy again.
Are you happy now, Tom?
Do you think I'm happy?
Everyone will be happy.
I can't make Tom happy.
I could make you happy.
I know why Tom's happy.
I'll be happy to do it.
I'm a pretty happy guy.
I'm happy to cooperate.
I'm happy you're happy.
I'm just happy for Tom.
I'm so happy right now.
I'm very happy for you.
It makes me very happy.
That's a happy thought.
Tom is extremely happy.
Tom is not a happy boy.
Tom is not a happy man.
Tom isn't much happier.
Tom seems almost happy.
Tom seems happy enough.
Tom seems pretty happy.
Tom, I'm happy for you.
We could be happy here.
We couldn't be happier.
We deserve to be happy.
We're so happy for you.
Who's the happy couple?
At least I'll die happy.
Do I usually seem happy?
Does Tom make you happy?
I'd be happy to come in.
I'll be happy to comply.
I'm happy to have a job.
I'm not happy with this.
I'm so happy to be home.
I'm so happy to see you.
I'm so happy you called.
I've never been happier.
Is Tom happy about this?
Nothing makes Tom happy.
They weren't happy here.
Tom does not look happy.
Tom is not at all happy.
Tom is not happy at all.
Tom makes me happy, too.
Tom says he's not happy.
Was I really that happy?
We are happy to see you.
You deserve to be happy.
You don't look so happy.
You made Tom very happy.
You've never been happy.
Are you happy about this?
Aren't we happy together?
Did Tom look happy to go?
Does that make you happy?
I hope you two are happy.
I hope you're happy, too.
I was so happy back then.
I'd be happy to tell Tom.
I'll be happy to explain.
I'm happy for all of you.
I'm happy to be with Tom.
I'm not happy about this.
I'm not happy to be here.
I'm only happy on payday.
I'm perfectly happy here.
I'm really happy for Tom.
I'm so happy for you two.
I'm so happy to meet you.
I'm so happy you're back.
I'm so happy you're here.
This is a happy occasion.
Tom deserves to be happy.
Tom is clearly not happy.
Tom is happy to be alive.
Tom is happy to see Mary.
Tom is not happy, either.
Tom is not looking happy.
Tom made Mary very happy.
Was Tom happy doing that?
We are all happy to help.
We will be happy to help.
We've never been happier.
What a happy coincidence!
Why are you all so happy?
You don't look too happy.
You sound happy about it.
You won't be happy there.
I just love happy endings.
I promise you'll be happy.
I should be happy for Tom.
I was happy to do it, Tom.
I was happy to see Tom go.
I would be happy to do so.
I'd be happy to cooperate.
I'll never be happy again.
I'm a pretty happy person.
I'm glad I make you happy.
I'm happy doing what I do.
I'm happy to be here, Tom.
I'm just happy to see you.
I'm so happy for you both.
I'm so happy for you guys.
I'm so happy for you, Tom.
I'm so happy you found me.
I'm so happy you found us.
I'm so happy you like Tom.
I'm sure happy to see you.
If you're not happy, quit.
It doesn't make Tom happy.
Let them know we're happy.
That's what made me happy.
Tom is not a happy camper.
Tom is not a happy person.
Tom is not happy about it.
Tom looks extremely happy.
Tom makes Mary very happy.
Tom was deliriously happy.
Tom was happy to see Mary.
We're very happy together.
What makes you happy, Tom?
Would that make you happy?
You and Tom must be happy.
You don't look very happy.
You sound very happy, Tom.
You're not happy, are you?
Aren't you happy to see me?
Busy hands are happy hands.
I have a right to be happy.
I'm certainly happy to try.
I'm glad you're happy, Tom.
I'm happy to ride with Tom.
I'm happy you're here, Tom.
I'm only too happy to help.
If you're happy, I'm glad.
People like a happy ending.
That should make you happy.
Tom and Mary were so happy.
Tom didn't look that happy.
Tom doesn't look too happy.
Tom doesn't seem too happy.
Tom has never been happier.
Tom is not happy with this.
Tom isn't happy about this.
We were all so happy there.
We'd be happy to cooperate.
We're so happy you're here.
What're you so happy about?
Why wouldn't they be happy?
You should be happy for me.
Do whatever makes you happy.
Doesn't that make you happy?
I like to make people happy.
I'd be happy to go with you.
I'm genuinely happy for Tom.
I'm going to make you happy.
I'm happy it all worked out.
I'm happy that you're happy.
I'm so happy you stopped by.
I've never seen Tom happier.
Look how happy you made Tom.
Neither of them looks happy.
That wouldn't make me happy.
That'll make Tom very happy.
This does not make me happy.
Tom and Mary are very happy.
Tom doesn't look very happy.
Tom has never been so happy.
Tom is definitely not happy.
Tom is not happy about this.
Tom is not happy to be here.
Tom looks happy to see Mary.
Tom seemed happy to see you.
Tom seems happy and excited.
Tom was such a happy person.
Tom wasn't happy to see Mary.
We're one big, happy family.
When Tom's happy, I'm happy.
Why are you always so happy?
You look happier than usual.
You should be happy for Tom.
You're supposed to be happy.
A lot of people aren't happy.
Don't look so happy about it.
Hardly anybody's happy today.
I had such a happy childhood.
I hope you're happy together.
I know Tom's not happy there.
I'm happy to do this for you.
I'm just so happy to see you.
I'm only happy when it rains.
I've never seen Tom so happy.
I've never seen you so happy.
It was just a happy accident.
That was a much happier time.
They aren't happy to see Tom.
They look like a happy family.
Tom doesn't seem much happier.
Tom is looking a bit happier.
Tom is not happy to see Mary.
Tom isn't too happy about it.
Tom looks happier than usual.
We were one big happy family.
Why do you all look so happy?
You and Tom must be so happy.
You have a right to be happy.
You seem to be way too happy.
Do you know what happiness is?
I couldn't be happier for you.
I hope Tom will be very happy.
I hope you two are very happy.
I just thought you were happy.
I'd be happy to give it a try.
I'd be happy to work with you.
I'm happy just to be near you.
I'm really happy for you guys.
I'm really happy for you, Tom.
I'm so happy that you're here.
I'm so happy to see you again.
I've never seen them so happy.
It's nice to see Tom so happy.
Nothing would make me happier.
That's a happy-looking family.
They look very happy together.
Tom is very happy to see Mary.
Tom says Mary should be happy.
We will be happy to cooperate.
We'll be happy to do our part.
You don't look all that happy.
You're happy here, aren't you?
Are you happy with the service?
I don't deserve to be so happy.
I hate it when you're so happy.
I have never seen Tom so happy.
I knew it would make Tom happy.
I would be happy to be of help.
I'd be happy to have you along.
I'm a sucker for happy endings.
I'm glad it makes you so happy.
I'm going to make myself happy.
I'm happy to hear you say that.
I'm not exactly happy about it.
I'm not going to be very happy.
I'm so happy you could make it.
If you'd kiss me, I'd be happy.
It makes you happy, doesn't it?
It's great to see you so happy.
They'll be very happy together.
They're a happy-looking couple.
Tom and Mary aren't happy here.
Tom hasn't been happy recently.
Tom isn't looking much happier.
Tom really is happy to be here.
Tom wasn't happy about leaving.
We've been very happy together.
You're not very happy, are you?
Are you happy with your new car?
Does what you do make you happy?
I don't make Mary happy anymore.
I guess we were happy back then.
I was so happy to get your call.
I'd be happy to give you a ride.
I'd be happy to show you around.
I'm happy to have you here, Tom.
I'm happy to report that we won.
I'm just happy it ended so well.
I'm not at all happy about this.
I'm only happy when Tom is here.
I'm perfectly happy being alone.
It makes all the children happy.
Making you happy makes me happy.
Maybe Tom wasn't happy about it.
People like you are never happy.
Rich people aren't always happy.
That doesn't mean I'm not happy.
Tom and Mary are happy together.
Tom and Mary must be very happy.
Tom doesn't look happy about it.
Tom thinks Mary should be happy.
Tom was always such a happy boy.
We all have a right to be happy.
We'll be happy to call you back.
Were you happy with the results?
What can I do to make you happy?
Why aren't you happy about this?
You don't seem to be very happy.
All the children had happy faces.
I don't deserve to be this happy.
I wish you nothing but happiness.
Please leave and let me be happy.
Stories often have happy endings.
That makes you happy, doesn't it?
Tom isn't happy about it, either.
Tom tried to put on a happy face.
Would you be happier if I stayed?
You were always such a happy boy.
You'll make Tom a very happy man.
You're going to be so happy here.
Do you think I'm happy about this?
I guess they really weren't happy.
I'd be happy to do whatever I can.
I'm really not too happy about it.
If Tom's not happy, I'm not happy.
It doesn't seem to make you happy.
It made Tom's family really happy.
They don't look so happy, do they?
Tom and Mary don't seem too happy.
Tom is happy traveling by himself.
Tom isn't at all happy about that.
Tom seems really happy to be here.
Tom wasn't happy with what he saw.
Tom wasn't very happy when I left.
Why are you so happy all the time?
A hug from you would make me happy.
All I want to do is make you happy.
I couldn't be happier for you guys.
I don't know how to make you happy.
I wish you a lifetime of happiness.
I'll be happy to do anything I can.
I'll do anything to make you happy.
I'm happy to help in any way I can.
I've never been happier in my life.
Let's pretend we're happy together.
Look at how happy Tom and Mary are.
That would certainly make me happy.
Tom clearly isn't happy to be here.
Tom doesn't seem to be much happier.
Tom doesn't look happy to see Mary.
Tom doesn't look so happy, does he?
Tom is not happy you're late again.
Tom wasn't happy to see Mary there.
Tom will be happy to see you again.
We spent some happy years together.
Were we ever really happy together?
Who says money can't buy happiness?
You don't seem too happy to see us.
You seem really happy this morning.
Happiness is sometimes hard to find.
I can't be happy when Tom is so sad.
I would be happy to do that for you.
I'm sure Tom would be happy to help.
I've never felt so happy in my life.
That's going to make Tom very happy.
Tom doesn't look too happy about it.
Tom is not happy about the situation.
Tom really isn't happy to hear that.
Tom was able to find true happiness.
Tom was genuinely happy to see Mary.
Was Tom happy you gave Mary the job?
What makes you happy makes me happy.
Why don't you seem as happy as I am?
I don't like it when you're so happy.
I guess they really weren't so happy.
I hope you'll be very happy together.
I hope you'll both be happy together.
I think Tom will be happy to see you.
I would've been happy to go with you.
I'm glad to see you're finally happy.
I'm happy for the first time in life.
I'm happy to assist in any way I can.
They'll be so happy to have Tom back.
They're clearly not happy about that.
They're clearly not happy to be here.
Tom and Mary are very happy together.
Tom wants so much to make Mary happy.
Weddings are usually happy occasions.
I was perfectly happy being all alone.
I was perfectly happy being by myself.
I would be happy to explain it to you.
I'd be happy to talk about this later.
I'm so happy we understand each other.
Is there a happy ending to this story?
Just a few days ago, we were so happy.
My only concern is for your happiness.
Tom isn't going to be happy to see me.
Tom isn't happy about what's happened.
Tom seems to be happy about something.
Tom told me he was really happy there.
Tom wasn't looking particularly happy.
Tom won't be happy if he sees me here.
When my children are happy, I'm happy.
You two just looked so happy together.
Does going out with Tom make you happy?
I hope Tom finds happiness in his life.
I hope you two are very happy together.
I wasn't sure you'd be happy to see me.
I'd be happy to take care of your baby.
I'll be perfectly happy here by myself.
Let's pretend we have a happy marriage.
Tom is as happy as we've ever seen him.
Tom is going to be so happy to see you.
Tom is happier than I've ever seen him.
Tom isn't going to be happy about this.
You don't know how happy that makes me.
You should do whatever makes you happy.
You won't be happy no matter what I do.
Are you happy with your new bass guitar?
At least pretend you're happy to see me.
I don't know whether to be happy or not.
I don't think I've ever been this happy.
I guess I just like making people happy.
I know I'll be happy when Tom gets home.
I never thought I'd be happy to see you.
I think we are happier than most people.
I wish you both a lifetime of happiness.
I would be happy to teach you that song.
I'm sure you and Tom will be very happy.
If you're happy, then I'm happy for you.
Now that I have a girlfriend, I'm happy.
Tell me about one happy memory you have.
Tom is definitely not happy to be there.
Tom is happier than we've ever seen him.
Tom is not going to be happy about this.
Tom seems almost happy to be here today.
We must do all we can to make Tom happy.
Whatever makes you happy makes me happy.
You deserve a chance for a happier life.
At least pretend you're happy to be here.
I couldn't be happier for the two of you.
I don't know whether Tom is happy or not.
I don't know whether you're happy or not.
I heard you whistling. You must be happy.
I'd be more than happy to drive you home.
I've just never seen you looking happier.
Now that you're my girlfriend, I'm happy.
They won't be happy until we're all dead.
Tom is not happy with Mary at the moment.
You don't know how happy I am to see you.
You seemed so happy just a few hours ago.
Eating lunch with you would make me happy.
I think you guys would be very happy here.
Maybe Tom would be happier somewhere else.
Tom's family is happy that he's back home.
I guess they really weren't all that happy.
I'm not sure Tom is ever going to be happy.
Tom is the only one who doesn't seem happy.
I don't see what you two are so happy about.
I saw a little girl who was sweet and happy.
I should just go on to happier things, okay?
I was just saying how happy you two must be.
I'm happy to sit out here and chat with you.
Let's just pretend we have a happy marriage.
Perhaps you would be happier in another job.
Tom seems a lot happier since you showed up.
We're just one big, happy family, aren't we?
You don't seem to be happy with our decision.
Going for a walk with you would make me happy.
Tom seems a lot happier since he got divorced.
Tom was more than happy to change the subject.
Getting a driver's license would make me happy.
I hope you two will be as happy as Mary and me.
I wish you both all the happiness in the world.
I'm sure Tom would be happy to show you around.
Tom and Mary aren't going to be happy about it.
Tom looks as happy as any person could ever be.
Tom wasn't completely happy with the agreement.
I never thought I'd be happy to hear your voice.
I'll be happy to help you look for an apartment.
Ladies and gentlemen, I'm very happy to be here.
Tom and Mary are both happy to be friends again.
Tom still isn't happy with how things are going.
Tom wasn't completely happy with the settlement.
Tom is happier than I've seen him in a long time.
Tom walked down the path, whistling a happy tune.
I see a big smile on your face. You must be happy.
I would be happy to speak to Tom about that matter.
There were lots of happy kids in the swimming pool.
Tom wasn't happy with the way Mary cooked his eggs.
I'm sure Tom will be happy to tell us what happened.
Nothing would make me happier than to see you happy.
Tom raised his glass and said, "To the happy couple!"
If you think it'll make you happy, go ahead and do it.
Tom seems a lot happier now that he's found a new job.
Tom suddenly got happy when Mary walked into the room.
I'd be more than happy to help you clean out your garage.
Tom woke Mary up at 6:and she wasn't happy about that.
There was a banner on the wall that said "Happy Birthday."
They won't be happy until they've taken everything we own.
Tom wasn't happy with how the painters painted his office.
This is a picture of the happy couple on their wedding day.
I don't think Tom and Mary are going to be happy about that.
They're clearly not happy that they got stuck with that job.
Tom saw that Mary wasn't happy and went over to cheer her up.
Tom gave a famous singer ten thousand dollars to come to the restaurant to sing "Happy Birthday."
They liked big cars.
I am as surprised as you.
You're always complaining.
In my city, Warsaw, it is cold.
She is our neighbor.
It's not worth the effort.
It is not worth the trouble.
I saw you in my dream.
I dream about you every night.
I was dreaming.
Everyone dreams.
I like to dream.
Is this a dream?
It isn't a dream.
It's a dream job.
It's all a dream.
You are dreaming.
You're a dreamer.
I had a bad dream.
It wasn't a dream.
It's a pipe dream.
Follow your dreams.
You're the dreamer.
Tom was in my dream.
It felt like a dream.
It seems like a dream.
It's just a bad dream.
It's like a bad dream.
I was just daydreaming.
I often dream about you.
It was just a bad dream.
Tom is living his dream.
It was almost like a dream.
Did you really dream about me?
I dream about you quite often.
I had a weird dream last night.
What kind of dreams do you have?
You're just like I dreamed you'd be.
I've been having strange dreams lately.
Going to Boston was Tom's lifelong dream.
What sort of dreams have you been having?
Tom keeps dreaming about buying a new car.
I just had a bad dream.
I saw Tom in my dreams.
It's a dream come true.
I just like to daydream.
I know I'm not dreaming.
Everybody has bad dreams.
I feel like I'm dreaming.
I was dreaming about Tom.
It was a dream come true.
Tom was always a dreamer.
I keep dreaming about Tom.
I don't remember my dreams.
Tom's dream is coming true.
This is just like a dream.
Tom often daydreams in class.
I hardly ever remember dreams.
It was like a dream come true.
I almost never remember dreams.
I wouldn't dream of doing that.
I would never dream of leaving you.
It seems my dreams never come true.
Tom wants to build his dream house.
I had the strangest dream last night.
I wouldn't dream of selling my guitar.
I had that weird dream again last night.
Tom dreams of leaving this place someday.
Who would have dreamed that Tom would ever graduate?
Never in my wildest dreams did I ever think you'd go out with me.
Tom has been having the same dream every night for the past six months.
If a relationship is good, marriage is redundant, but if it isn't, marriage becomes a liability.
Natural disasters can be devastating.
What a beautiful baby!
What a beautiful ring!
What a beautiful house!
What a beautiful place!
What a beautiful sight!
What a beautiful story!
What a beautiful campus!
What a beautiful morning!
Is Tom handsome?
Mary is beautiful.
You look handsome.
Isn't Tom handsome?
It's beautiful here.
That's so beautiful.
That sounds beautiful.
Tom is quite handsome.
That's a beautiful name.
That's a beautiful ring.
That's a beautiful suit.
That's really beautiful.
The sunset is beautiful.
This place is beautiful.
Tom has a beautiful car.
You have beautiful eyes.
You're really beautiful.
You're a beautiful woman.
Isn't it a beautiful day?
It's a beautiful picture.
It's beautiful, isn't it?
Mary is a beautiful girl.
That's a beautiful photo.
That's a beautiful story.
You have a beautiful dog.
It was a beautiful speech.
It's absolutely beautiful.
It's incredibly beautiful.
It's such a beautiful day.
Mary is a beautiful woman.
This is a beautiful house.
You are a beautiful woman.
You have a beautiful home.
Boston is a beautiful city.
It was a beautiful wedding.
The moonlight is beautiful.
These are beautiful horses.
Tom is as handsome as ever.
You are still so beautiful.
You have a beautiful smile.
You have a beautiful voice.
You look beautiful tonight.
You're a very handsome man.
You're as handsome as ever.
Beautiful evening, isn't it?
I just love beautiful women.
That's a beautiful bracelet.
That's a beautiful necklace.
That's a beautiful painting.
Those flowers are beautiful.
Tom is a handsome young man.
Tom makes me feel beautiful.
You have a beautiful family.
You look so beautiful today.
You look very handsome, Tom.
You're still very beautiful.
Boston is beautiful at night.
Mary has beautiful long hair.
Mary is beautiful, isn't she?
Mary is stunningly beautiful.
Tom has a beautiful garden.
Your sons are quite handsome.
It's such a beautiful morning.
Mary has beautiful brown eyes.
You look as beautiful as ever.
You're such a beautiful woman.
You have such a beautiful home.
You have such a beautiful name.
You're a beautiful young woman.
I think Tom looks very handsome.
You look beautiful this evening.
You look very beautiful tonight.
You're a very handsome man, Tom.
You've become a beautiful woman.
It's a beautiful night, isn't it?
It's a beautiful sunset, isn't it?
You get more handsome every year.
You look beautiful in that dress.
You're a very handsome young man.
Do you know how beautiful you are?
I heard you have a beautiful voice.
You get more beautiful every year.
You sure look handsome today, Tom.
You're as beautiful as I remember.
I forgot how beautiful it was here.
That ugly man has a beautiful wife.
It was a beautiful wedding ceremony.
The sunset is really beautiful here.
The preacher gave a beautiful sermon.
We've had beautiful weather all week.
You really do have a beautiful smile.
You really do have a beautiful voice.
You're going to be a beautiful bride.
I saw Tom talking to a beautiful girl.
Isn't it a beautiful day for a picnic?
Mary is wearing a beautiful red dress.
Our university has a beautiful campus.
Have you ever seen anything so beautiful?
It's a beautiful day for a hike, isn't it?
It's as beautiful as you said it would be.
Let me introduce you to my beautiful wife.
Tom didn't tell me how beautiful you were.
You get more and more beautiful every day.
You're an extremely beautiful young woman.
You're more beautiful than I remember you.
Have I ever told you how beautiful you are?
Tom has trouble talking to beautiful women.
Every bride is beautiful on her wedding day.
You are even more beautiful than I remember.
You're the most beautiful girl in the world.
I thought it was a beautiful funeral service.
Isn't it a beautiful day for a marathon race?
Mary is not only beautiful, she's smart, too.
Tom was handsome when he was in his twenties.
It was the most beautiful thing I'd ever seen.
All brides are beautiful on their wedding days.
You look even more beautiful than I remembered.
You're the most beautiful bride I've ever seen.
Did I tell you how beautiful you looked tonight?
Have you ever heard such beautiful music before?
You never mentioned how beautiful your sister is.
I like tall, beautiful women with long black hair.
I'll bet you looked beautiful when you were young.
Three beautiful ladies just walked into the lobby.
Tom lied to me when he said you weren't beautiful.
I just met the most beautiful woman I've ever seen.
It's a beautiful night for a swim, don't you think?
I had a room with a beautiful view of the mountains.
I hope this is the beginning of a beautiful friendship.
We're enjoying another beautiful day here on the beach.
Tom got jealous when he saw Mary talking to a handsome guy.
What's a beautiful woman like you doing in a place like this?
Mary is still as beautiful as she was when she was a teenager.
I think you're the most beautiful woman in the whole wide world.
You said Mary was beautiful, but I didn't think she would be this beautiful.
You're not as beautiful as my ex-girlfriend, but you're a lot more fun to hang out with.
We carried a map with us in case we got lost.
The dictator's fall will upend the political landscape.
What is the difference between the meaning of i'a and i'e?
I got busy.
I was busy.
We're busy.
Tom is busy.
I'm too busy.
They're busy.
Tom was busy.
We were busy.
I'm busy, Tom.
I'm busy, too.
Keep Tom busy.
I'm a bit busy.
I'm a busy man.
I've been busy.
Tom isn't busy.
We're all busy.
I really am busy.
I'm pretty busy.
I'm rather busy.
I'm really busy.
The bar is busy.
We are busy men.
We're busy, Tom.
We're very busy.
We've been busy.
I'm not too busy.
Tom is very busy.
Are you busy, Tom?
Are you guys busy?
Go away. I'm busy.
I'm just too busy.
It was a busy day.
Sorry, I was busy.
Tell Tom I'm busy.
The phone is busy.
Tom is a busy man.
Tom might be busy.
I was busy cooking.
I'm very busy here.
I've been too busy.
We are busy people.
You seem very busy.
You're pretty busy.
Everybody's so busy.
I'm a very busy man.
It was a busy night.
It'll be a busy day.
We know you're busy.
Well, I'm busy, too.
You don't look busy.
Are you keeping busy?
I had a busy morning.
I'm busy on Saturday.
I'm pretty busy here.
I'm really busy, Tom.
I'm really very busy.
I'm sure you're busy.
I've been quite busy.
It's been a busy day.
They're clearly busy.
Tom was busy working.
We're busy right now.
How busy could Tom be?
I really am very busy.
I told Tom I was busy.
I'm a little busy now.
I'm really quite busy.
I've been rather busy.
It was a busy morning.
It's been busy lately.
Look, I'm really busy.
My work keeps me busy.
Tom and Mary are busy.
Tom is busy right now.
Tom is extremely busy.
Tom isn't at all busy.
Tom isn't busy at all.
You must be very busy.
Everybody is very busy.
I had a busy afternoon.
I know how busy Tom is.
I see you've been busy.
I'm a little busy here.
I'm a little busy, Tom.
I'm a very busy person.
I'm too busy next week.
I've been keeping busy.
I've been kind of busy.
Tom has been very busy.
Tom is a very busy man.
You don't look so busy.
I know how busy you are.
I know you're busy, Tom.
I know you're busy, too.
I'm busy right now, Tom.
I've been a little busy.
I've just been too busy.
It was a busy afternoon.
Look, I'm a little busy.
Perhaps you're too busy.
We're kind of busy here.
We're sort of busy here.
You're busy, aren't you?
Are you really that busy?
Can't you see we're busy?
Excuse me, I'm very busy.
I suppose I was too busy.
I was busy with the food.
I'm kind of busy tonight.
I'm no busier than usual.
I've been extremely busy.
I've got a busy schedule.
It's been a busy morning.
Look, I know you're busy.
Look, I'm extremely busy.
Things have been so busy.
Tom is very busy at work.
We're a little busy here.
You don't look that busy.
You know how busy we are.
You seem to be very busy.
Are you busy Friday night?
Are you having a busy day?
I'm fairly busy, actually.
I'm sure you're busy, Tom.
I'm sure you're very busy.
I've managed to keep busy.
It's been a busy hours.
It's been a busy two days.
Mary is a very busy woman.
Tom has been busy all day.
Tom has been busy at work.
Tom has been busy working.
We've both been very busy.
You seem pretty busy here.
You seem to be a busy guy.
You seem to be a busy man.
You're obviously too busy.
I really am very busy, Tom.
I'm sure you're quite busy.
It sounds like you're busy.
This is a busy time for me.
Tom is real busy right now.
Tom lives on a busy street.
What's keeping you so busy?
You've certainly been busy.
Are you busy tomorrow night?
I didn't know you were busy.
I know how busy you've been.
I'm a little busy here, Tom.
I'm a little busy right now.
My job keeps me pretty busy.
School keeps me pretty busy.
This is a very busy station.
Tom was very busy with work.
You guys are always so busy.
Are you busy doing something?
Excuse me, Tom, are you busy?
I know how busy Tom has been.
I'm just trying to keep busy.
I've been a little busy, Tom.
The hotel lobby is very busy.
The line's been busy all day.
Can't you see we're very busy?
It looks like Tom's been busy.
It sounds like you'll be busy.
Please keep the children busy.
This seems to be a busy place.
Tom is busy with his research.
We are too busy for that, Tom.
We're a little busy right now.
You're busy today, aren't you?
Do you know how busy I've been?
I can't talk now. I'm too busy.
I hear Tom has been quite busy.
I wish I wasn't always so busy.
I wish we both weren't so busy.
My studies keep me pretty busy.
The dining area is always busy.
The dining area is rather busy.
Tom is very busy with his work.
We have a busy day ahead of us.
We were busy working all night.
We've been having a busy night.
You always seem to be too busy.
You've got a busy day tomorrow.
I'm kind of busy right now, Tom.
I'm really quite busy, you know.
I've been busy repairing things.
They're busy repairing that now.
Tom has been busy in his office.
Tom has been really busy lately.
Tom is busy with some paperwork.
Tom is quite busy at the moment.
Tom seems to be as busy as ever.
We have a busy week ahead of us.
You always seem to be very busy.
Actually, Tom, I'm a little busy.
I'm just a little busy right now.
The office seems very busy today.
Tom and Mary are still very busy.
Tom is busy doing some paperwork.
Tom is pretty busy at the moment.
Tom is rather busy at the moment.
We were kind of busy at the time.
We've got a busy day ahead of us.
Will you be busy Wednesday night?
You must be very busy these days.
You've got a busy week coming up.
I wish you weren't always so busy.
I'm sorry, the line is still busy.
My boss is keeping me pretty busy.
Tom will be busy tomorrow morning.
Actually, tomorrow's a little busy.
I told Tom that I was way too busy.
Sorry, but I've been a little busy.
Tokyo Station is usually very busy.
We have a busy evening ahead of us.
Your job must keep you pretty busy.
"I've been busy." "Busy doing what?"
It looks like Tom's been a busy man.
The bar is fairly busy this evening.
Things are getting busy around here.
I'm afraid Tom is busy at the moment.
I'm sure that Tom is a very busy man.
It looks like you've been busy today.
This seems to be a pretty busy place.
You guys have been busy, haven't you?
You're not too busy to talk, are you?
I've been very busy the last few days.
If you're busy, I can do that for you.
In case you haven't noticed, I'm busy.
Sorry, I didn't realize you were busy.
This project still keeps me very busy.
This should keep Tom busy for a while.
We were both pretty busy at that time.
You saw how busy they are, didn't you?
I think I'm going to be busy on Friday.
This restaurant is busier on Saturdays.
Today is just another typical busy day.
Tom says he's never too busy to listen.
Tom will be busy at this time tomorrow.
You've had a busy morning, haven't you?
I hear you've been pretty busy yourself.
This is always a very busy intersection.
I'm just too busy to take a vacation now.
Tom has been busy for the past few hours.
Tom is far too busy to talk to you today.
Tom is here, but he's busy at the moment.
Tom walked slowly down the busy sidewalk.
If you're not too busy, could you help me?
Things have gotten a little busy recently.
Tom is busy writing something at his desk.
Can you squeeze me into your busy schedule?
Tom and Mary walked down the busy sidewalk.
We'll do that later when we're not so busy.
We're just busy enough to stay in business.
This week has been very busy for both of us.
Tom is busy making breakfast for the family.
If you're not busy, could you please help me?
This bar is much busier later in the evening.
Tom and Mary are busy planning their wedding.
Tom is busy making sandwiches in the kitchen.
I hear you've all been pretty busy yourselves.
I know you're busy, but I could use some help.
We're both way too busy to help you right now.
This week has been terribly busy for both of us.
Tom stood there, waiting to cross the busy road.
I'm just too busy to stop to eat lunch right now.
Things have been a little busier than I expected.
Hong Kong International Airport is a busy airport.
I told Tom that I was way too busy to talk to him.
Tom opened the door and asked Mary if she was busy.
The last few days have been very busy for both of us.
We're busy now, but not as busy as we're about to be.
I can see you're busy, so I'll get right to the point.
Tax season is a very busy time of year for accountants.
Tom looked both ways before he crossed the busy street.
The last few days have been terribly busy for both of us.
You were too busy having fun to notice what was happening.
I had to keep busy, so I wouldn't think about what had happened.
Tom was too busy worrying about Mary to worry about himself.
I guess I was too busy to notice that Tom was having problems.
The month before Christmas is a very busy time of year for stores.
No matter how busy I become, I'll always have time for my children.
Tom has been getting a busy signal every time he tries to call Mary.
Tom, if you're not too busy, could you come to my office for a minute?
Tom and Mary have been too busy fighting to notice how much they actually like each other.
Medical innovations are the best way to relieve us from sufferings.
I need to go to sleep.
John stayed at home, as he was told.
Make up your mind.
I haven't made up my mind.
I haven't decided.
I haven't made a decision yet.
Have you made up your mind?
Have you made a decision?
Can't you make up your mind?
Can't you decide?
I've already made up my mind.
I've already made my decision.
I've finally made up my mind.
I've finally made a decision.
Have you made up your mind yet?
Have you made a decision yet?
Have you decided yet?
Tom has almost made up his mind.
Tom hasn't made up his mind yet.
Why don't you make up your mind?
Tom has made up his mind already.
Tom has not yet made up his mind.
I haven't really made up my mind yet.
I sure wish Tom would make up his mind.
You'd better make up your mind quickly.
They've made up their minds not to come.
They've decided not to come.
Tom should have made up his mind by now.
Have you made up your mind about tonight?
We'll talk to Tom then make up our minds.
We'll talk to Tom then make a decision.
We'll talk to Tom then we'll decide.
I'd make up my mind quickly if I were you.
I'd make a decision quickly if I were you.
You have ten minutes to make up your mind.
Tom and Mary are still making up their minds.
I'm still waiting for Tom to make up his mind.
You don't have to make up your mind right now.
You don't have to decide right now.
I want to talk to Tom before I make up my mind.
I'm pretty sure Tom has already made up his mind.
They're still waiting for us to make up our minds.
Tom seems to have made up his mind about something.
Please make up your mind.
You seem to have already made up your mind.
I was born in the year nineteen hundred and seventy-two.
There are whole cultures where understatement is bred in the bone. In New England one hears as satisfaction: "It's better than a poke in the eye with a sharp stick."
You're not all that productive!
The cat is like a human.
She cried all morning and was still weepy at dinnertime.
It's impossible that she said that.
I should have thought you'd had enough.
He had had enough, and threw in the towel.
Please stop chattering!
He gave the cat milk.
I wish to all the best of cheer.
Their fates were entwined.
For most Americans, "Allahu akbar" fails of the crucial connotation: "And you're not."
Mugabe's regime did not so much slide as plunge headlong into kleptocracy.
Can computers translate literary works?
That takes care of that. Nothing else needs doing.
Better the devil you know than the devil you don't.
You're talking to yourself and about yourself. It's called "projection."
Japanese don't talk a lot because they know that what people talk about is usually about themselves, albeit indirectly.
As an atom approaches the barycenter of a forming star, it trades potential for kinetic energy: the stuff of heat.
Here's an example of a semantic gamut: non-existent, unique, rare, uncommon, common, trite, worn-out, universal.
You're crazy.
That's an exact measurement.
The basic directions in anatomy are toward the head; toward the front, back, and sides; and toward and away from the center.
In Bali the primary directions are toward and away from the island's great mountain, Gunung Agung.
Your language is your religion.
Hawaiian has the shortest alphabet: seventeen letters.
Hiking in the Alps means up one mountain and down another.
Schools must pay more attention to language learning and to literature.
You butchered that totally.
"The semantic subject of this sentence is 'this sentence,' but its grammatical subject is 'the semantic subject of this sentence'" is an example of a sentence benefitting from punctuation.
The child who delights in her jack-in-the-box may have been terrified the first time the puppet-on-a-spring popped out.
"There's more than one way to do it" is a motto common among users of the programming language perl.
That's not enough.
I'd like to lose some weight.
The new street is being built.
Anti-social behavior is fertile ground for humor. In America, where sexual expression was for long repressed, sex jokes abound. When Clifford Geertz asked a young Balinese man the funniest thing he could think of, the answer was "A younger being rude to his older brother."
In Bali, the intergenerational forgetting of names is institutionalized. A woman will be known by her given name to peers. When she bears a son, the boy's age-mates will refer to her as "the mother of so-and-so."
Polyandry used to be common among the Sherpas of Nepal, where a band of brothers would often take a wife in common. When she died--of child-bearing or overwork--they would frequently marry her younger sister.
I'll follow you to the ends of the earth.
Press freedom is advancing.
When freedom of the press was fresh, newspapers were even more scurrilous and libelous than today.
Freedom--especially the freedom of association--encourages small bands of zealots to public outrage. The price is high, but the bargain is good.
Democratic governments are supposed to answer to the people.
In the lights of some, freedom necessarily includes the freedom to starve.
In American society, economic power knows no bounds.
Should developers be able to run roughshod over smallholders and ancestral dwellings?
You should have taken more care with your work.
I'd like to rent a two-room apartment.
The newspaper boy delivers in all weather.
Ceremony is not needed for prayer, trust is.
The contract was ended.
The contract was signed.
I sweated on the treadmill.
Have you told your girlfriend the news yet?
Have you told your friend the news yet?
The sky will soon clear.
The sky will clear soon.
Can you please tell me how I can get to the beach?
He has begun a boat trip around the world.
Be careful!
I'm careful.
Do be careful.
I was careful.
We're careful.
Be careful now.
Tom is careful.
Be careful, Tom!
Just be careful.
Tom, be careful!
Choose carefully.
I'm real careful.
We'll be careful.
Be careful of Tom.
But I was careful.
I'm being careful.
Be careful with it.
I was very careful.
I'm always careful.
I'm really careful.
Please be careful.
Tom was so careful.
Be careful in there.
Be careful up there.
Be careful with Tom.
Be careful with that.
I'll be more careful.
Now listen carefully.
We were very careful.
I hope Tom is careful.
We have to be careful.
I will be more careful.
I will be very careful.
I'll be really careful.
I'm just being careful.
I've got to be careful.
Just be careful of Tom.
Just please be careful.
Please be very careful.
Tell Tom to be careful.
They're always careful.
Tom wasn't too careful.
Tom, please be careful.
You have to be careful.
I'll have to be careful.
Tell them to be careful.
We can't be too careful.
You'd better be careful.
You're not that careful.
I told you to be careful.
Just be careful with Tom.
Look, we must be careful.
We'll have to be careful.
You've got to be careful.
Be careful where you step.
Be careful with that, Tom.
Be very careful with this.
Hey, be careful with that!
Just be careful with that.
Tom told me to be careful.
Are you watching carefully?
Be careful near the window.
Be careful with my luggage.
Be careful with that knife.
Be careful with that thing.
I'll just be extra careful.
I'm tired of being careful.
They watched Tom carefully.
Tom watched Mary carefully.
We have to be more careful.
We have to be very careful.
Consider my offer carefully.
I've got to be more careful.
Tom looked around carefully.
All I'm saying is be careful.
Please listen very carefully.
They have to be very careful.
Tom carefully lifted the box.
Tom carefully opened the box.
Tom carefully opened the lid.
Tom carefully raised the lid.
Tom made a careful selection.
We'll try to be more careful.
You'd better be more careful.
You'd better be very careful.
I think you should be careful.
I'll be careful with the kids.
Tom carefully locked the door.
Tom thought it over carefully.
You've got to be more careful.
Could you be careful with that?
Everyone watched Tom carefully.
I'll watch carefully this time.
Look at the contract carefully.
Tom keeps very careful records.
Tom picked his words carefully.
Tom told me to be more careful.
We all have to be very careful.
You should be careful with Tom.
Be careful how you speak to Tom.
Consider your options carefully.
I should have been more careful.
I was very careful on the phone.
I'd suggest you be more careful.
I've been careful my whole life.
In other words, be very careful.
Just be careful with everything.
Listen to me very carefully Tom.
Listen to me very carefully, OK?
Please be careful with that one.
Tom carefully took off his mask.
Tom is always extremely careful.
You need to look more carefully.
You should be careful with that.
You've got to be really careful.
Be careful not to tamper with it.
Choose your next words carefully.
I'll be more careful from now on.
Now, listen to me very carefully.
Tom folded the napkins carefully.
We should be careful what we say.
You should be careful with those.
Just be careful not to break this.
Just be careful what you tell Tom.
Tom carefully removed the bandage.
Tom chooses his friends carefully.
Tom promised he'd be more careful.
Tom was careful not to be noticed.
You've got to learn to be careful.
I think we have to be very careful.
Please be careful not to touch Tom.
Tom carefully pronounced the words.
Tom studied the document carefully.
You guys need to be really careful.
You must be very careful with this.
I should have looked more carefully.
Tom carefully peered inside the box.
Tom seems to be listening carefully.
We should've planned more carefully.
Be careful with your choice of words.
I hope Tom is more careful next time.
Tom considered the problem carefully.
Tom looked around the room carefully.
Be careful near the edge of the cliff.
I have considered that very carefully.
Please look at these papers carefully.
Be careful you don't break Tom's heart.
I'd be careful with that if I were you.
Tom carefully watched Mary's reactions.
We're going to have to be very careful.
I was careful to not leave any evidence.
You should be careful what you wish for.
I have to choose my words very carefully.
I just think we need to be extra careful.
Just be careful not to push Tom too hard.
You should be more careful the next time.
Everything must be handled very carefully.
I think you're being a little too careful.
Tom was careful not to leave any evidence.
We must choose the right moment carefully.
I should have been watching more carefully.
That doesn't mean you shouldn't be careful.
Tom, be careful you don't fall in the hole.
We'll try to be more careful the next time.
I guess I should have read it more carefully.
I think we all should have been more careful.
Listen carefully and do what I tell you to do.
I just think you should be careful, that's all.
Tom listened carefully to everything Mary said.
Listen carefully and do exactly what I tell you.
If you're not careful, you might have an accident.
Tom carefully removed the letter from the envelope.
I just think you should be more careful, that's all.
Listen carefully and do exactly what I tell you to do.
We'll always have to be careful not to let this happen again.
This plum tart is to be made with shortening.
He became dispirited.
His spirit failed.
It's time for me to go, kids.
The government bends the truth.
This box is made of cardboard.
There were three hundred cardboard boxes filled with old clothes ready to be sent to the disaster area.
A good book is the best friend, now and forever.
As fluently as she speaks French, she may have studied in France.
Is Zara your friend's shop?
The derivatives of distance with respect to time are velocity, acceleration, and jerk.
The company provides workers uniforms, but it's expected they will wash them regularly.
Since it's nice out, I'd like to go take a walk.
Voles in the garden are a nuisance.
I've made up my mind what I'm going to do; and no ifs, ands, or buts about it.
He pointed out to me the goods that were to be shipped.
Are you underage?
Ask Tom if he's willing to work part-time.
Could I work part-time?
I have a part-time job working as a Santa at the mall.
I think you need to find yourself a part-time job.
I'd like to get part-time work in the cafeteria.
Mary has been dating a part-time janitor.
Mary waitressed part-time.
Mary works part-time as a nurse.
They're part-time employees.
Tom has a part-time job after school.
Tom has a part-time job at a burger joint.
Tom has a part-time job.
Tom is a high school history teacher and a part-time harmonica player in a blues band.
Tom is a part-time guard.
Tom is just a part-time worker.
Tom met Mary on the way home from where he worked part-time after school.
Tom worked part-time to put himself through school.
Tom works as a bank clerk during the week and as a part-time lifeguard on weekends.
Tom works part-time after school.
Will you be hiring any part-time help?
Rachel Corrie was an American who was killed in Gaza.
For my own part I wish the Bald Eagle had not been chosen the Representative of our Country.
You have a good plan, Comrade Zhukov.
They have never forgotten to send their mom a birthday present.
They have never forgotten to send their mother a birthday present.
They have never forgotten to send a birthday present to their mother.
Don't bother about what people say.
"What is your name, miss?" "Stop boozing up, Tom! I'm tired of making acquaintances of you every day!"
Seek peace and pursue it.
The truth is incontrovertible. Panic may resent it, ignorance may deride it, malice may distort it but there it is.
That was very funny. Do it again!
This is exactly what I was looking for.
A string quartet is rehearsing in the next room.
Nail the windows shut.
Please nail the windows shut.
I need Tom's money.
Just listening to that song makes me think of you.
Tom was hoping Mary wouldn't find out the truth.
Please tell us why you need to stay here.
Maybe you should learn how to use a gun.
Would someone tell me what's going on?
Could you please tell me what that was about?
Would you mind telling me what this is about?
What does this key unlock?
Tom said he saw something weird on the other side of that mountain.
Tom looked like he was ready to jump out a window.
Could you please tell me why?
Could you help me out here?
Read this first.
Tom and Mary both just stare at John.
Tom wanted to be an orchestra conductor.
I wanted to be a journalist.
I don't want to be a hero.
I don't want to be a freak.
Have you always wanted to be a police officer?
Do you want to be a flower girl?
Do you want to be a bartender all your life?
Do I want to be able to continue working as a teacher?
If you want to be a newspaperman, you have to be observant.
If you want to be a good father, you need to spend time with your children.
I'm very sorry about what the U.S. has done in Iraq. This war has been a tragedy for everyone.
It's not an exaggeration to state that he is a genius.
He decided to go there.
The quality of a painter depends on the amount of past he carries with him.
We are worried because of his unexpected departure.
The pallor of his face presaged his tragic end.
I want to know what happened to the pistol Tom gave you.
I want to know what happened to the pistol that you received from Tom.
I want to know what happened to the gun you received from Tom.
We just have to put the finishing touches to the work, and it will be ready to be delivered.
Gema's grandmother always tells her granddaughter that she's going to be left on the shelf when the latter tells her that she's waiting for Mr. Right.
No item in this shop costs more than one real.
Tom has been singing a lot of sad songs recently.
I'd love to hear you sing sometime.
Go play with Tom.
Tom plays hockey.
Do you play chess?
I don't play golf.
I play the guitar.
I'll play it safe.
Is it a good play?
I don't play cards.
I don't play games.
I was playing here.
I used to play here.
I've heard you play.
Stop playing around.
That's child's play.
Don't play dumb, Tom.
I played right field.
Tom played shortstop.
Are you ready to play?
Can I play you a song?
Come to watch us play.
I don't play the oboe.
I love playing Chopin.
I play a little piano.
Do you play the guitar?
Tom doesn't play rugby.
Do you guys play soccer?
Don't play dumb with me.
Go play tennis with Tom.
Let's all play together.
What teams were playing?
Can I play your mandolin?
Do you still play hockey?
I love playing solitaire.
I enjoy playing the blues.
I'm just playing the odds.
What are you guys playing?
What are you playing with?
What game are you playing?
What music should we play?
What position do you play?
What team do you play for?
When does this play start?
I always play by the rules.
I've never played the tuba.
Why won't you play with me?
Don't you play jazz anymore?
Have you ever heard me play?
I don't play computer games.
I used to play in this park.
I used to play the trombone.
What position does Tom play?
What team does Tom play for?
I thought you wanted to play.
Mary was playing hard to get.
We should play golf sometime.
Could you please play a tango?
I don't know how to play pool.
Tom and Mary are playing pool.
Tom plays organ at our church.
What game are you all playing?
What instrument does Tom play?
Why don't you go play outside?
Would you like to play a game?
Are the Giants playing tonight?
I didn't know you played chess.
Tom and Mary are playing cards.
Tom and Mary are playing darts.
Tom plays accordion quite well.
What instruments does Tom play?
What kind of music do you play?
What time does that play start?
Why don't you go play with Tom?
You shouldn't play with knives.
I don't know how to play bridge.
I haven't played guitar in ages.
I play guitar in an oldies band.
They play football after school.
I don't feel like playing either.
Tom has stopped playing the piano.
Do you guys play on the same team?
Go find someone else to play with.
I'm learning to play the clarinet.
I've never played tennis with Tom.
I've started playing guitar again.
Some kids are playing in the park.
Stop playing and get back to work.
Tom and Mary often play billiards.
Tom and Mary played all afternoon.
Tom is playing catch with his son.
Tom is playing fetch with his dog.
Would you rather play racquetball?
I've been playing the bongos a lot.
Tom isn't good at playing charades.
Have you ever played with Tom's dog?
I like basketball, but I can't play.
The band starts playing at 8:p.m.
Tom and Mary like to play badminton.
Come to watch us play music sometime.
I asked Tom to play my favorite song.
The Giants play the Dragons tomorrow.
Tom loves playing old computer games.
Who plays the keyboards in your band?
How long have you been playing the violin?
I haven't played the ukulele in years.
I'm just playing the devil's advocate.
My grandparents enjoy playing croquet.
Our band has never played disco music.
Would you like to play a game of chess?
Tom played spoons and Mary played kazoo.
We should play squash together sometime.
How long have you been playing the drums?
I don't play tennis as well as I used to.
I played checkers with Tom all afternoon.
Tom has been playing sad songs all night.
Tom is pretty good at playing rockabilly.
Tom plays the drums as well as the organ.
What kind of music do you want us to play?
Do you play checkers with your grandmother?
Please don't play near the railroad tracks.
Tom and I played baseball together as kids.
When was the last time you played lacrosse?
I've seen Tom play peek-a-boo with his baby.
Tom and Mary played together almost all day.
Tom is outside playing frisbee with his dog.
Tom is playing by himself in the front yard.
What kind of music will you guys be playing?
I played the flute when I was in high school.
I don't play the bassoon as much as I used to.
I saw Tom and Mary playing a game of dominoes.
I play guitar with a band every Saturday night.
Tom and Mary played music together all evening.
We played together every day when we were kids.
We're playing tag. Do you want to play with us?
When was the last time you played a board game?
There was a country song playing on the jukebox.
Is it true that you've never played poker before?
Some children were playing frisbee near the pond.
I heard some reggae music playing in the distance.
Playing Russian roulette isn't really a good idea.
There was some fifties music playing on the radio.
I used to play with dolls when I was a little girl.
Tom and his friends played basketball last weekend.
Do you think you could teach me to play the bagpipes?
Tom and Mary played games on their iPads all morning.
When was the last time you played an acoustic guitar?
I never get tired of watching Tom and Mary play darts.
I could be playing golf right now instead of doing this.
The young girl was in the next room playing with a doll.
Which one of your guitars do you enjoy playing the most?
Last Saturday, our kids played in the park near the lake.
Tom and his friends play poker almost every Friday night.
Tom plays quarterback on our high school's football team.
You and I have never played backgammon together, have we?
I'm really impressed with the way Tom plays the saxophone.
I could hear the sound of children playing outside my window.
Tom and Mary sat at a small table in the garden playing chess.
As I entered the bar, I heard a sad song playing on the jukebox.
I've heard you play the viola and you're not very good, are you?
Tom stopped playing the piano as soon as we walked into the room.
When I entered the room, I could hear Mozart playing on the radio.
You were always playing tricks on me when we were in junior high school.
Yesterday was the first time Tom had ever played in front of an audience.
Tom usually plays a drum solo at least once every time his band gives a concert.
The nurse took Tom's temperature.
Under the cloak of anonymity cowards are acting as big-mouth.
They seem American.
Why is Tom hiding?
My mother hates to write letters.
For dust thou art, and unto dust shalt thou return.
This is why girls love cucumbers.
Hypocrisy goes on.
Hypocrisy is the death of democracy.
This is pure hypocrisy!
I see a lot of hypocrisy.
There's a lot of hypocrisy regarding that.
No man is without hypocrisy.
This story was written by my friend.
It turns out that they went to the cinema the day before yesterday.
It's not an issue.
The girl drank down the milk in one gulp.
The pigeon has flown the coop.
I'm dying.
Don't use Google Translate to learn phrases in another language because it's not always accurate.
If you need any help, let me know.
I really want to be a good teacher.
Is this your house?
The secret is killing you.
Hey, my friend. How are you?
You'll be in my heart today and always.
Do you want it in banknotes or in small change?
You need to put a question mark at the end of a question.
Do not tell me you feel sorry for me.
If you loan me money, I'll be grateful to you.
I wish you a nice day!
We reached the poor soul we had to help.
That's the way it always was.
That's how it always was.
Here's the reason that girls like cucumbers.
When we were kids, we played together every day.
She doesn't speak, she screams!
This is a typical loser's sentence.
Life is wonderful.
My husband is a compulsive gambler. What can I do?
Let the tricks begin!
The big fish eat the small ones.
Eat something.
There are people who cannot see a pearl even when it says "I am a pearl, I'm a pearl."
The stores were closed due to the strike.
Stay with us tonight and find a hotel tomorrow.
I burned the cake.
The forest burned for days.
The one with the book is Marco.
If only I were rich, I would buy a villa on the seashore.
The river supplies the city with electricity.
I am going to learn to swim over the holiday.
Do your work as you see fit.
She doesn't like going to school.
He would like to come with us to the movie.
I recently met an old friend.
I met an old friend a short time ago.
Always something new, but rarely something good.
She swam fast enough to win a medal.
You may also add sentences that you can't translate yourself. Perhaps someone else can! Also, please don't forget capitalization and punctuation! Many thanks!
That's a very funny story!
I didn't buy the book.
I am from Tokyo.
I heard that Mr. Collins asked you to marry him.
I play with my cat.
He can't buy himself a car.
I have a big problem.
Please try to express the same with simpler words, so that our foreign colleagues can understand it better.
Well, at least she didn't get wet.
Someone looks funny without his beard.
There are no real Japanese in North America.
Some comments are scary.
I'm getting pregnant tonight.
Thanks a lot for your tips!
We've got you covered.
Thanks a lot for having warned me!
Thank you very much for your tips!
You come right in time. Can you please test the new model?
You come right in time. Can you please try the new model?
As soon as I got out, I kicked the wall.
Fortunately, the shark bite didn't hit any major arteries.
Could you lend me your pink pen, please?
You name a price!
I could not control my anger.
Pausing to think doesn't always mean we can.
It was still really hot, even though the sun had already gotten quite low.
Tibetan rug weavers use traditional designs and knotting. Hence their rugs have a simple, natural look.
Her finger bleeds when she sneezes. She just sneezed, and now her finger is bleeding.
The engineer put his eye to the transit and looked through it.
Is the food good in this restaurant?
Do people eat well in this restaurant?
Mathematics is a superior amusement.
What is beyond remedy should be beyond remark.
We have to tell them.
She's probably ashamed of her apartment.
I know him, a wily, cheeky lad.
He should be rich: he has a rich man's tastes.
He should have been rich: he has a rich man's tastes.
If you could loan me some money, I'd be grateful.
He should have been rich: he had a rich man's tastes.
If you could loan me some money, I'd really appreciate it.
He should have been rich: he had had every opportunity before he emigrated.
He should have been rich: he had every opportunity before emigrating.
He should be rich: he had every opportunity before immigrating.
He should be rich: he has had every opportunity since immigrating.
Everything has a particular sound, its alone.
He was a drummer, selling dry goods from town to town.
I have three exams at the end of the year.
It took me nearly two hours to write the essay.
A manifold is like a three-layer cake: on the bottom, a set; in the middle, a topology; on top, an atlas.
You'll regret this in the morning.
What's that noise I can hear in the background?
What's he doing there?
Found anything interesting?
I listened to the radio while I worked.
Time was running out.
Her English was surprisingly good.
The ideal lexicographer knows simply everything; unfortunately, that's impossible.
She was twice mistaken for a Spaniard.
All of the books on the bookshelf have been read.
The walls of her room were covered in posters.
I sensed immediately that something was wrong.
You've got what it takes to do well in this job.
There's a problem with the printer, I'm gonna try and fix it.
You're awful at keeping secrets.
I would like to be alone.
I've lost notion of time.
I think we should leave.
I thought I knew them.
Here's the good news: there's work. And here comes the bad news: there's work, but it's ever more often under the table.
He's worried we'll lose the way.
Of all the many millions of things that I might do, the things that are worth doing are but a paltry few.
The toxin that causes diphtheria is produced by a normally benign bacterium when infected with a certain virus.
The English of time-domain reflectometrists is as much English as that of nannies.
Most tributaries' waters end up in the middle of the stream.
Though autumn gales are less clement than summer zephyrs, they are more exciting.
If the statistics are less fuzzy than the fuzzy data they summarize, they are not fuzz-free.
No smoking.
Take hold of opportunity by the forelock.
Most days she sits on a chair at the table, and I sit in the big armchair; today she is sitting in the big armchair, and I am sitting on a chair at the table.
The kitten seems to be enjoying her food this evening. She doesn't always seem to enjoy it.
They were playing sports all afternoon. Etienne played very well.
The girls went fishing today. Alla caught a big one.
The girls ran to the corner. Mai Ai runs like a gazelle. She was still running in place when they stopped at the corner.
When each of the children had been given a portion, they began to quarrel in pairs about whose was larger.
Which of my servants did you see?
Mattie told Oliver he would have a new sister soon.
That's what you get for your trouble.
Do you need help?
A blackboard doesn't have to be black.
It started again!
His weak spell a little while ago was probably caused by that cold he's neglecting.
As Tom raced down the field, the crowd shouted, "Go, Tom! Go!"
Five times five is twenty-five.
He drove me up the wall all morning.
I sent this letter to my uncle.
He'll do well.
We must begin as we mean to go on.
When Einstein said, "Things should be as simple as possible--but no simpler," he meant "Simpler is better--but only to the edge of simplistic."
Did you know there are carnivorous tortoises?
What did you eat last night?
Can we extend a hand to the people in the forgotten corners of this world who long for a chance at security and justice and a life shaped by the wish for dignity?
The typical beer of Germans is pilsener.
Mark took his things and left.
He didn't get the joke at all.
Mark took his stuff and left.
Tom has no self-confidence.
This is cheap.
The relationship "A loves B" is not reflexive, transitive, or symmetric.
Their car passed ours.
You just need to press this button to take a picture.
A little snow was falling.
He cracked the walnut with his teeth.
She cracked the walnut with her teeth.
When he's hungry, Marco is capable of wolfing down a kilogram of baked goods.
When he's hungry, Marco is capable of stuffing himself with a kilogram of baked goods.
My profession is my passion.
My work is my passion.
In that case, it will need to take place without their noticing.
Are you racist?
Are you a racist?
I'm waiting for his response.
I'm waiting for her response.
I'm waiting for a response from him.
I'm waiting for a response from her.
Tom opened the box and peeked inside.
Please translate this text from Japanese to French.
Our company is a limited company.
We collect stamps from all around the world.
It would be cool if I could speak three languages.
Don't go, my friends.
I want to go to bed.
How you can abide him?
I'm not sure what's the best way to disentangle this.
The authorities fined the shop because of a disorder in the electronic balance.
I cannot abide to see such cruelty.
He had lost all faith in his ability to succeed.
He always has an emotional outburst when arguing.
She always has an emotional outburst when arguing.
The moment he starts to argue, he explodes.
The moment she starts to argue, she explodes.
I am in Rome now.
She was born blind.
I'm soaking wet.
Dear friends, just say what you need!
The reports of my death are greatly exaggerated.
He insists that Esperanto is mainly a Latinate language.
Scarce are the people learning Interlingua.
Even the word "Esperanto" rings of Latin.
You can't fool people by telling them that Esperanto is blond, whilst it comes from Eastern Europe.
The inventor of Esperanto was a Jew.
Maybe you should make brochures for Interlingua and distribute them.
You can make websites advertising Interlingua.
Give Interlingua a chance because it's easier than French, Spanish, or Portuguese and has more similarities to them.
Will Interlingua remain just a fantasy metaphor for you?
Your persistence is not appreciated.
You can keep trying all you like, but it won't help.
Where is the fire extinguisher?
Always program as if the person who will maintain your code is a maniac serial killer who knows where you live.
There I fixed it.
Her dream was to be able to speak French fluently.
The exam was two and a half hours long.
I can't come tomorrow. I've got a lot of work to do.
I plan to take a gap year before going to university.
It's easy to find an example.
He did everything for her.
Are you not hungry?
My older brother built his own house last month.
Today is not your lucky day.
If you're happy, I'm happy.
Do you think I'm silly?
"Got it?" "No, not at all."
"Did you understand?" "Yes, everything."
Now I understand.
Now I get it.
I could listen to this song all day, and I wouldn't get tired of it.
I have the whole day free.
I have brown eyes and black hair.
Does the license plate of your car begin with ABC?
The teacher said that he didn't know the answer to my question.
I don't know about João, but Maria lost her father when she was young.
I like Maria, but she's very naïve.
They say that Isabela died.
Please add me on Facebook.
I'd like a turnover, please.
Could you give me a turnover please?
David is handsome.
Why live if we're going to die?
Study with us!
You do not understand.
I intend to speak more than languages by 2015.
That's crazy!
This is not yellow; it's green.
Do you think that I'm insane?
"Did you understand?" "More or less."
I learn a lot from my father.
A ghost writer is a writer who writes for someone else, and the latter, for practical purposes, is considered the sole author.
Is your car black?
I want to speak with you.
I want to go to the movies today.
Have you memorized his number?
Moncalvo is the smallest Italian city.
When Tom married Soraya, her father fell in love with and married Tom's daughter; so Tom's daughter's husband is Tom's father-in-law; and Tom now claims he's his own grandfather.
She's an oenophile and a perfume-maker: she smells well, and she smells good, too.
She's a healthy chiropractor: she feels good; and with her trained hands, she feels well, too.
The window gives onto the courtyard.
Don't you like any Chinese food?
I told about an outing.
Are you getting along well with your new schoolmates?
Since a disaster occurred, few passengers survived.
You can't come at the same time!
I like the mountains around here a lot, and come often for vacation.
What's it going to take for you to finally yield?
Many in Hamburg speak Missingsch, a mix of Low Saxon and German.
The readiest support for planets' having confocal orbits is their sometimes retrograde motion.
No-one's memory is less reliable than mine.
No-one has a dog truer than mine.
No-one lays a course of bricks truer than mine.
A tap threads the inside of a hole, a die threads the outside of a bolt.
Tycho's painstakingly collected data was reduced by Kepler to become grist for the mill that ground out Newton's gravitational theory.
In popular English a hopelessly fruitless effort is called "Shoveling shit against the tide."
Who knows the flavor of misfortune knows how it tastes to others.
How can I embed the debt clock on my Web site?
Five and three is eight.
Numerology is like schizophrenia.
Do do something this evening.
Just being is good enough.
You don't really want to learn logograms, do you?
A strict system of numerology is like a mental jail.
I guess that a few non-standard logograms might not yet be in Unicode, which is like a museum.
Many logograms are just graphical idiomatic expressions, "figures of speech."
You think that Tagalog looks cleaner and neater.
We have to make up for lost time.
You are speaking nonsense, my friend.
There, now! What did I tell you?
I'm tired of listening to your complaints.
I'm tired of your endless complaints.
Totoro says: "I can't speak Chinese."
We will play football after school.
The more people buy a certain merchandise, the higher its price.
He saved himself somehow.
Somehow, he saved himself.
In those days, and for some time after, giants lived on the earth, for whenever the sons of God had intercourse with women, they gave birth to children who became the heroes and famous warriors of ancient times.
But few people ponder over the fact that copying English words, terms and phrases causes irreversible mental changes.
On the main menu of this DVD there is no 'Play Main Feature' button.
What time's your class tomorrow?
Sri Lanka is a beautiful island.
Terroristic actions happened in Sri Lanka.
There was a sense of fear.
She comes from a mixed family.
She comes from both minorities.
She also writes about loss and trauma.
She started writing novels.
She wrote novels in years.
The main character is a young character.
She's also a visual artist.
It focuses on the refugees.
Some of these texts come from direct experiences.
There are different points of view in the narration.
Ben represents the engine of the story.
Unicode 6.has glyphs and scripts.
The identity is related to the place.
I shall learn to like this bitter life.
A trucker nearly froze to death on the road.
For a bribe, a traffic policeman agreed not to take away a driver's license.
There are many webs within the World Wide Web. Rings are obvious. Less apparent are webs of server farms, which are in effect distributed Web sites.
We cannot all be stupid. It would be against the laws of statistics.
Tunneling and secure protocols--like IPsec--permit the creation of effectively isolated nets within the Net: internets within the Internet.
A web site may be created in an intranet, a local or private cloud, or a virtual private network. A Web site is for the world.
Nod your head if you understand.
Recently "simplistic" is being used more and more often as a substitute for "simple." Such solecisms--presumably driven by a desire to appear learned--impoverish the language..
Have you not learned to respect others?
Semantic equivalence is protean as well as fuzzy: what hoi polloi find equivalent may to cognoscenti be quite distinct.
The impolite words that pepper many Americans' speech should be seen as intensifiers; and the macro effect of their spread, as a kind of linguistic inflation.
Have you ever tried not being rude to people?
It is less the available structures and lexicon of a particular language that influence speakers' thought than the range they choose to call their own.
In America a crude expression for "The device has failed" is "It shit the bed."
The notion of "minimal pair" in linguistics has the lovely power of immediately convincing.
What should we deduce from Aristotle's assertion that women have fewer teeth than men: that he had small knowledge of women or that he couldn't count?
When it's very hot, you should drink lots of water to avoid dehydration.
We shall soon reach one hundred thirty thousand words. That achievement should be attributed to energy and to heart.
Nevertheless, I'm immensely proud.
Nevertheless, I'm extremely proud.
When I saw that a painting was missing, I had the museum closed immediately.
Ups and downs must be expected; but even in the face of catastrophic loss and sorrow, I like to think that at bottom I can't not be all right: I read the lines as they were written.
Americans call foolish persons turkeys.
It's obvious the man is wrong.
You can play a musical instrument, can't you?
I can give you my personal assurance of that.
I am in search of the lost language.
Publishing poems is like throwing rose petals into the Grand Canyon and waiting for echoes.
I'm holding in my hands a book by Susanna Tamaro.
The Greens are against everything.
The spoken word matters.
The house belongs to him.
Mrs. Kotter said, "Don't do that anymore."
You mustn't shout at me that way.
You mustn't shout at me like that.
It's possible he will spend more time in Hainan.
I wish to pretend to be an actor.
The 80m-high cliffs, steep from every angle, appear uninviting, even menacing.
I learned to type at the age of nine.
Many couples quarrel over meaningless matters.
Ordering from catalogs saves you time and money without requiring you to leave the house.
"The good news first or the bad news?" "The good news first."
Do not accept the world as it is.
Here we took the boat to Alaska.
The strike brought the city to a halt.
It's not exactly a strike.
Walking down the street, I ran into an old friend.
The taxi arrived late.
The cab arrived late.
Alcohol is harmful to health.
She led the life of a princess.
Peace is what we wish you.
Don't accept the world the way it is.
The enemy is stupid: they think we're the enemy, when they are!
To welcome someone is to open the heart's door and make room for him.
It's he, isn't it?
It's him, isn't it?
He's the one, isn't he?
It was he who broke the window yesterday.
It was he who told me about that.
He's the one who told me about that.
He's the one who heads the marketing of the perfumes line.
He's the head of marketing for the perfumes line.
It's he who helped me.
He's the one who helped me.
He's the scapegoat.
He's the pigeon.
I know he's the one who did it.
I know he did it.
He's the one I called.
It's poor form to spit from the window into the street, or into the fire, or anywhere people might step on what you have spit.
The teacher said he did not know the answer to my question.
What is your opinion on this matter?
What is your opinion on this issue?
He is the fastest runner in the world.
He succeeded.
A cry broke the silence.
How did you get into our room?
I write poetry in my free time.
I write poetry in my leisure time.
My grandfather used to love reading.
My grandfather loved reading.
He was warned several times.
Thanks.
Thanks a lot.
Stop spreading these lies!
I blame Tom.
I'm to blame.
Why blame Tom?
I blame myself.
Who's to blame?
Do you blame me?
Don't blame Tom.
I'm not to blame.
Who do you blame?
You can blame me.
Can you blame Tom?
I don't blame Tom.
You're not to blame.
I blame Tom for that.
I knew I'd be blamed.
I'm the one to blame.
No one's blaming you.
I'm entirely to blame.
I'm not placing blame.
We're not blaming Tom.
I think we're to blame.
I'm not blaming anyone.
Is Tom partly to blame?
It's hard to blame Tom.
Perhaps we're to blame.
You can blame yourself.
Blame it on the weather.
Don't blame me for this.
Don't blame this on Tom.
I can't say I blame you.
I would never blame you.
I'm not assigning blame.
I'm not blaming anybody.
Don't blame Tom for this.
I blame Tom for all of this.
I'll blame it all on Tom.
I'll blame it all on you.
I'm not blaming you, Tom.
The blame lies elsewhere.
Don't blame yourself, Tom.
I blame no one but myself.
I blame you for this, Tom.
I guess I can't blame you.
I think Tom blames himself.
You need to blame somebody.
I certainly don't blame you.
I have only myself to blame.
I know where the blame goes.
Nobody's going to blame you.
We're all to blame for that.
I can't say that I blame you.
You blame Tom for everything.
You shouldn't blame yourself.
I couldn't blame you for that.
I'm not blaming anyone for it.
Neither side is without blame.
Tom is always blaming himself.
You can't blame me for trying.
I don't blame you for hating me.
If anyone is to blame, it's you.
No one would blame you for that.
I blame myself for what happened.
I knew I'd get blamed eventually.
The police need someone to blame.
They'll blame Tom for everything.
Tom blames Mary for John's death.
Who else would you like to blame?
You can't blame a guy for trying.
I guess I needed someone to blame.
I don't blame Tom for his decision.
I'm just saying you can't blame me.
I'm sure no one meant to blame you.
Tom is always blaming things on me.
I don't blame you for what happened.
I know you blame me for Tom's death.
They're going to blame Tom for this.
Tom is looking for someone to blame.
I wouldn't blame you if you hated me.
If it doesn't happen, don't blame me.
Tom still blames you for Mary's death.
We have no one to blame but ourselves.
I have only myself to blame, I suppose.
Are you going to blame me for this, too?
Tom got blamed, but it wasn't his fault.
Well, you can hardly blame Tom, can you?
You can't blame me for being suspicious.
You can't blame this whole thing on Tom.
Is there any way I can blame this on you?
The boss is looking for someone to blame.
Tom blames you for the death of his wife.
I can't blame Tom for not wanting to come.
You have to be somewhat to blame for that.
I blame Tom for what happened to all of us.
I guess I can't blame you after last night.
I think we both know who's really to blame.
They got blamed, but it wasn't their fault.
Are you blaming me for your lack of success?
Even Tom couldn't blame Mary for everything.
I know you still blame Tom for Mary's death.
It was Tom's idea, not mine. Don't blame me.
No one would blame you if you left right now.
Tom blames himself for what happened to Mary.
Tom is mad at me and I can't say I blame him.
I wouldn't blame you if you preferred to leave.
If you need to blame someone, blame Tom and me.
No one can blame you for being a little scared.
No one can blame you for being a little nervous.
I'm not to blame for everything that has happened.
Nobody can blame you for falling in love with Tom.
I'm going to figure out a way to blame this on Tom.
If blaming me makes you feel better, go right ahead.
You're just trying to shift blame away from yourself.
Go ahead and blame me if it makes you feel any better.
If Tom is looking for someone to blame, it'll be Mary.
The only reason I got blamed was that the boss needed someone to blame.
Do you remember this?
He's playing Monopoly.
Facebook wastes a lot of my time.
I don't spend the whole day on Facebook.
I don't feel at ease on Facebook.
When Facebook didn't exist, what was I doing to talk crap?
I think the fault is of the new Facebook lists.
Our class today will begin at p.m.
Since having given up smoking, I feel much better.
Did you know that Julia lived years in Moscow? That's why she speaks Russian so well.
How long has it been since you've seen your family?
There's less of it, but no less to it.
This sentence has a loser's ring to it.
Alcohol is bad for the health.
This book gives a blow by blow account of how the banking system is ruining our financial security.
You scared the living day lights out of me!
The citizens of this small community don't condone public displays of affection.
The Latino voting bloc in the US is increasingly a force to be reckoned with.
My video channel on YouTube has a wide viewership.
From here on out, it's smooth sailing.
The journalist was accused of playing fast and loose with the facts in the editorial he wrote.
Since this is your neck of the woods, maybe you can tell us where to find a good pizza joint.
The thieves divvied up the proceeds from their heist.
Somehow, he weaseled himself out of jury duty.
Any good negotiator plays his cards close to the vest.
I'm not who you think I am.
Israeli Prime Minister Mr. Netanyahu will be hosted today evening by his German counterpart, Mrs. Merkel, in the Federal Chancellor's Office in Berlin.
Can people change?
If thou doest well, shall it not be lifted up? and if thou doest not well, sin coucheth at the door; and unto thee is its desire, but thou mayest rule over it.
Is her father alive?
The old lady had found Rachel trying to suckle milk from her dead mother’s cold, empty teat.
Someone visited her yesterday.
Why has he stopped talking about the army?
Why did he stop talking about the army?
This is not comedy.
This is not exactly healthy.
I knew it was unhealthy.
That wouldn't be healthy.
Tom cares about his health.
Tom was in perfect health.
Tom is in excellent health.
You're completely healthy.
I lost my health insurance.
My parents worry about my health.
You should be eating healthier food.
Tom eats a healthy breakfast every morning.
There are three health food stores within walking distance of my house.
Tom is now the proud father of a healthy baby girl.
As far as I know, I'm in perfect health.
Do you have any idea how unhealthy that is?
How many people do you know that don't have health insurance?
Rubber is made from the sap of the rubber tree.
Tom's health has been deteriorating for some time.
He's allergic to latex.
My grandparents were in good health the last time I saw them.
Stop showing off your iPhone.
Tom bragged about his new phone.
She dreamed of being a princess.
She dreamt of being a princess.
He dreamed of being a hero.
I received a letter from my sister.
I received a letter from my brother.
He works as a teacher, but actually he's a vampire.
Is she really that pretty?
That computer has a quad-core processor.
This phone has a quad-core processor.
You don't look well.
I only want what's best for you.
It was already too late.
Do you know how to dance?
I learned a lot from Tom.
I learned from the best.
She lives with her dad.
He lives with his mom.
Tom has just started learning to read.
Did you learn anything new today?
Listen and learn.
Tom is a slow learner.
I'm learning a lot.
I have a lot to learn.
Just watch and learn.
I learned a new trick.
I learned a new technique.
I learned quite a bit.
What have you learned?
Tom learns pretty fast.
We're willing to learn.
Where did you learn to do that?
I didn't learn anything.
I learned that from you.
Tom never did learn how to do that correctly.
I really did learn a lot.
We've got a lot to learn.
We've learned our lesson.
I'm a quick learner.
He came tearing around the corner, driving like a maniac, going like a house afire.
Where did Tom learn that?
Listen and you might learn something.
Too much information was presented all at once. Taking it in was like drinking from a fire hose.
I never learned to swim.
You've got a lot to learn.
You should've learned that in school.
Didn't you learn that in school?
I learned from my mistakes.
We learn from our mistakes.
Where did you learn karate?
I learned that the hard way.
I still have a lot to learn.
Tom has a learning disorder.
What have you learned so far?
He made a speech in which he supported my point of view.
He made a speech in which he supported my opinion.
He made a speech in which he supported my opinions.
He made a speech that supported my opinions.
Which objects are in the room?
Tom loves to study music.
This word comes from Latin.
Don't leave your dog in the house all day.
Don't leave your dog inside all day.
Don't leave your dog locked inside a hot car.
My mind is clear today, thanks to all of yesterday's sleeping.
Language learners sometimes marvel that even two-year-olds can speak French; but two-year-olds can't speak much French; and many will be improving their mastery until the end.
If you don't write me back, I'll start thinking you don't want to know me.
Tom loves being a music student.
He was burning up with fever.
Reading makes a full person; conference, a quick-thinking person; writing, an exact person.
Where did you buy flowers?
We help you, not to help you, but to help you help us.
Do you know who this car here belongs to?
What did she do today?
What did he do today?
Tom got his learner's permit yesterday, so he's out with his father practicing driving.
I have to learn how to shoot.
I know I have a lot to learn.
I've got to learn some new songs.
I've learned to live with the pain in my back.
Where did you learn all that?
You'll have to learn to cook.
I'm learning so much from you.
There's so much more to learn.
Tom is learning how to defend himself.
You should learn self-defense.
You still have a lot to learn.
I learned a lot about Tom from Mary.
I never learned his real name.
I never knew his real name.
I never knew his first name.
Tom never told me his last name.
I like to learn new things.
There's so much left for me to learn.
What have you learned about Tom?
I learned the hard way that crime doesn't pay.
I've learned a lot by watching Tom.
Making pizza is something I learned from Tom.
You could learn a lot from them if you'd only listen.
Language learning never ends.
Mayflies are ephemeral. As adults they live but a day. Sometimes it's a rainy day.
Into every life a little rain must fall.
Anything that can be said in one natural language can be said in any other, but sometimes it takes many words to translate one word. In such cases it's often a good idea just to borrow that word.
Prepositions are not like other words. The separable prefixes of German seem strange at first. Later they seem like a great idea.
All natural languages are equally complex--but in different ways. The grammar of Malay is simple, but choices among many superficially equivalent words are dictated by the social status of speaker and hearer.
When a native speaker of Japanese says, "You talk like geisha," he's telling you you're not hip to the extra-grammatical dimensions of his language.
No-one invited her.
How old were you when you learned to tie your own shoes?
How old were you when you learned to ride a bicycle?
I hope I get a chance to return the favor you've done me.
Tom's happy not to be in your shoes.
I'd do the same thing in your shoes.
I almost wish I could be in your shoes.
If you were in my shoes, what would you do?
If you were in my shoes, what would you think?
Tom would've made the same decision I'm making if he were in my shoes.
I'd hate to be in Tom's shoes.
I can't imagine how I'd feel in Tom's shoes.
Before you criticize a man, you should always walk a mile in his shoes.
You can't really understand another person until you walk a mile in their shoes.
Before you criticize someone, you should walk a mile in their shoes.
My father will kill me.
I was supposed to be home before midnight. My parents will kill me.
I was supposed to mow the lawn. My father will have my hide.
I was supposed to do the dishes. My mother will skin me alive.
When it came time to jump out of that airplane I was terrified. My heart was in my mouth.
When the time came to jump out of that airplane I was scared stiff. My heart was pounding so hard I thought it would come out of my chest.
The leopard was starting to get tired of his spots.
A man who is his own lawyer has a fool for a client.
You need to learn to be assertive.
You'll have to learn to sit still.
I think you've learned your lesson.
I was hoping you learned something.
Among familiars, the merest hint suffices each to know what's going on.
I've learned to think like Tom thinks.
Tom and Mary need to learn to work together.
We need to learn to work together.
By legend the woods were said to be haunted, so people avoided them.
How long does it take to learn to play the xylophone?
If I learn to play the washboard and you learn to play the kazoo, maybe we can join a jug band.
I am responsible for my own conduct.
I've always wanted to learn to play the drums.
My New Year's resolution is to learn how to play the ocarina.
Is the zither a hard instrument to learn?
We could learn a lot from each other.
Tom learned shorthand from Mary.
I really feel like I learned something worthwhile today.
I couldn't refuse.
You should learn how to ride a bicycle.
What have you learned about Tom so far?
Where did you learn to dance like this?
You have a lot to learn about business.
I guess you never learned how to do this.
I've always wanted to learn how to skate.
Tom and Mary could learn a lot from each other.
You need to learn to mind your own business.
You need to learn to listen to our advice.
Women can be scary when insulted.
You need to learn not to ask so many questions.
You still have a lot to learn about relationships.
Did you really think I wouldn't learn the truth?
I've learned a lot from you over the past year.
Our project fell through.
Our plan failed.
Our plan was unsuccessful.
We need to learn all we can about what happened.
What would Tom do if he ever learned the truth?
What would you do if Tom ever learned the truth?
Everybody's getting rich but me.
Everyone seems to be happy but me.
It shouldn't surprise you to learn that I don't like you very much.
Pain is something we all have to learn to deal with.
Even the most carefully made plans frequently result in failure.
Since early childhood, he dreamed of writing stories.
This is a work of fiction.
Names, characters, places, and incidents either are the product of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously.
She had chosen to succumb to parental pressure.
Tom finally succumbed after weeks of suffering.
You're a good student, but you still have a lot to learn.
I had always supposed that Tom was innocent.
How hard is it to learn to read music?
Tom is very popular, I suppose.
I suppose Tom would have been about sixty when he died.
"Are you happy?" "Yes, I suppose I am."
I'm supposed to be working this afternoon.
"Can you come over this afternoon?" "Yes, I suppose I could."
What am I supposed to say?
I'm supposed to see Tom.
I'm supposed to talk to Tom.
I'm supposed to wait for Tom.
I'm supposed to help Tom.
I don't suppose you want to just tell me who you really are?
I suppose you want me to tell Tom what happened.
Do you suppose that we're actually in any danger?
I thought we weren't supposed to talk about Tom.
I thought we weren't supposed to tell Tom about what happened.
I thought we weren't supposed to go there without Tom.
I suppose you want me to invite Tom to the wedding.
Some people never seem to learn how to think for themselves.
How did you learn about what happened here yesterday afternoon?
Tom has granted me an interview.
Mary is huddled on the couch.
Several children were huddled around the fire.
Even ill she looks gorgeous.
I don't want you to be late.
I couldn't believe I have let Tom talk me into this.
I can't smile without you.
I can't believe I let Tom talk me into doing this.
Social media have made us more densely networked than ever. Yet new research suggests that we have never been lonelier and that this loneliness is making us mentally and physically ill.
That will teach you not to bother others.
That taught me not to annoy other people.
We spent three days in Baghdad.
Seeing my brother trembling before the urchins mocking him made me anxious and angered at the same time.
Having seen my brother trembling before the urchins mocking him, I became anxious and angered at the same time.
The newspaper says that she committed suicide.
According to the newspaper, she committed suicide.
In my country, our people don't like others who are cleverer than them.
What's better, geocaching or Tatoeba?
She earned three thousand euros in one night.
If you don't eat fast, you will be late for school.
Since losing the match was everyone's fault, you don't have to apologize.
I'm so tired that I can barely move.
Littering is prohibited.
If you talk to a man in a language he understands, it will go to his head. If you talk to him in his language, it will go to his heart.
The language of friendship is not of words but of meanings.
Drawing on my fine mastery of the English language, I said nothing.
I like the word ‘indolence.’ It makes my laziness seem classy
Never make fun of someone who speaks a language poorly. It means they know another language.
They really know how to throw a party!
I borrowed three books from the library.
After several questions it turned out that Tom's experience in French was rather limited, so Mary switched to English.
A brother is like a shoulder.
"What kind of music do you want to hear?" "Put on something romantic."
I found a very good drug for nettle rash.
She continued working.
I've got something in my eye.
In order to be like them, we must think like them.
He's completely crazy.
She's completely crazy.
Hello, new timer here hailing from Canada!
You could've said something.
You've got to do something.
You're something else.
You're forgetting something.
You'll think of something.
You should eat something.
You should do something you enjoy doing.
You really are something.
This will teach you not to annoy other people.
I could use something to drink.
You must eat something.
There's something missing.
There's something on the table.
Something terrible's happened.
I forgot to tell you something.
I'm in the middle of something. Could you come back later?
Your death was not in vain.
That sounds like something a teenager would say.
I'd like to say something appropriate, but I'm not sure what I should say.
The apes groom each other.
You didn't die in vain.
Maybe you should say something.
I'm afraid something's come up.
I need to find something to cut this with.
I need to find something to open this bottle with.
You shouldn't smoke here.
Something I hadn't anticipated happened.
Something strange is happening.
Have I said something wrong?
Have I done something wrong?
Tom is fixing something to eat.
Tom is searching for something.
Why don't we do something else?
Aren't you forgetting something?
Are you afraid of something?
Are you insinuating something?
Are you scared of something?
Did something happen at work?
Did something happen at home?
Did someone say something?
Did you lose something?
Did you see something?
Go find something else to do.
Get me something to drink.
Here's something I need to give you.
How about something to drink?
How about something to eat?
I have something for Tom.
I have something for you, too.
I have something for you to do.
I have something in my suitcase for you.
I have something of yours.
I know something's wrong.
I think I hear something.
I think I just saw something.
I'm sure you'll find something in the refrigerator.
I'm sure we can find something to do this evening.
I'm sure we can find something in the kitchen to eat.
In my country, people can't stand others who are more intelligent than them.
There is enough food in the world; people are starving because of politics.
Is something wrong with the way I'm doing this?
Is something troubling you?
Is something the matter?
Is something on your mind?
Maybe Tom has something to hide.
Maybe Tom knows something.
Maybe Tom saw something.
Maybe Tom can do something to help.
Please say something.
Please do something.
Pretend you know something.
Should I make something up?
Something terrible happened to Tom.
Something unusual happened last night.
Something urgent came up.
He envisions the "Post-scarcity Economy."
How could you not say something?
I must be doing something wrong.
I'll get you something to drink.
A "Post-scarcity Economy" requires higher intelligence from its populace.
I've got to tell you something.
I've got to talk to you about something.
I've got to give Tom something.
I've got to do something.
I've got to check something out.
I've got something you want.
I've got something to tell you.
I've got something to say.
I've got something on the stove.
I've got something on my mind.
I've got something more important on my mind at the moment.
I've got something in the oven.
I've got something in my bag that I need to give you.
I've got something important to tell you.
I've got something I'd like Tom to have.
I've got something I need to tell you.
I've got something I need to do.
I've got something here I think you should see.
I've got something for you, too.
I've got something for Tom.
I've got a hunch something might be happening tonight.
I've got a feeling this is something we both should do.
I've got a feeling something's gone wrong.
There's something I've got to tell you.
There's something I've got to say.
If you've got something to say, say it.
I think I've got something you might want.
Perhaps we overlooked something.
Next time, you should wear something more appropriate.
Tom hits the pedal to the metal.
Are you accusing me of something?
He smiles kindly at me.
Could you help me with something?
At least I tried to do something.
Did I do something to offend you?
Tom doesn't fit in here at all.
Did you just say something to me?
She is far more smartly dressed than I am.
I have something I'd like to say.
Is there something I should know?
She was so pretty that I was momentarily paralyzed by the sight of her.
You must've seen something.
You must've done something.
Tom started to say something, but changed his mind.
This is something Tom made for you.
You have to believe in something.
Can I get you a beer or something?
Can I talk to you about something?
I came here to give you something.
I came here to tell you something.
I have something else to show you.
I knew Tom would do something stupid.
I knew Tom would do something romantic.
Is something wrong with the helicopter?
Is something wrong with your eyes?
A sure friend is seen in an unsure matter.
That's something I've always wanted.
Is that a euphemism for something?
Do you have something to make this headache go away?
Everyone got something for Christmas.
I have a feeling something very special is going to happen.
I hope we're going to do something worthwhile.
I knew something like this would happen.
I need to get something out of the car.
The defeat was galling to his pride.
I needed your help on something, but I couldn't find you.
I was trying to say something when you so rudely interrupted.
The child has got the fidgets today.
If you want something done right, you should do it yourself.
If you have something to say, say it.
If something is wrong, tell me.
If something happened to you, I don't know what I'd do.
Bob and Hank are duking it out in the alley behind the bar.
In case something happens to me, I'd like you to take care of my children.
Patch the call through to my office, will you?
I prefer my own company.
Most men with receding hairlines are very self-conscious of it, but he makes light of his.
I found out that the opposing counsel is planning on deposing three expert witnesses.
I'll run your idea by the boss, see if he's interested.
The ideals he's touting in this election go against everything I hold most dear.
I'll say!
She had a really frumpy outfit on today.
I've never excelled at chess.
When Tom put his foot into the stream, he felt something bite his toe.
When I entered the room, Tom and Mary were laughing at something.
We'll work something out.
We need to check something out.
We need to show you something.
You guys should go do something.
Why can't we do something?
We'd better do something about this leak.
Was there something else you wanted?
Tom threw something at me and I ducked.
Tom showed Mary something.
Tom stole something from my house.
Tom handed Mary something.
There's something we need to talk about.
Tom does crap work.
I hope you are safe.
It took a moment for Tom to find his voice.
After talking to Tom for a few minutes, it became obvious that his French wasn't very good, so Mary switched to English.
My thoughts are with all of you.
Were you expecting something else?
You've seen something, haven't you?
Can I ask your advice on something?
Can I get your help with something?
Have I done something to upset you?
Have I said something to upset you?
I could've sworn I heard something.
I could've sworn I saw something.
Is there something I could get you?
Is there something wrong with that?
This is something Tom gave me years ago.
Tom asked me to give you something.
Tom asked me to tell you something.
Tom found something on the front seat of his car.
Tom found something hidden behind the dresser.
Tom did something he didn't want Mary to know about.
Tom needed something to do to keep his mind off his problems.
Tom tried to tell me something, but Mary interrupted before he could say anything.
Tom's planning something special for Mary's birthday.
Tom said something in French that I didn't understand.
Tom said something in French.
Where is the hospital?
I need some coffee.
My name is not "you"; it's Ricardo.
Can you tell me where it is?
Waiter, may I please have the check?
Stay strong and safe. Good luck!
Where did you buy the flowers?
Excuse me, what have you just said?
Pardon, what have you just said?
This website can harm your computer.
This website can damage your computer.
Please tell me the bank's number.
Waiter, the bill please.
Waiter, may I have the bill please?
As our fingers touched, I felt a shiver run through me.
She could see the ghost of a smile in his expression.
Would you like to sit?
Tom's apartment is way too big for just one man.
Tom was disturbed at the direction of his thoughts.
Tom is all fingers and thumbs.
Mary looks flustered.
Tom is trying to suppress a smile.
I'm not used to this.
Residential rooms are not to be used for commercial purposes.
My friend is stupid.
During the past two years, Egypt joined the malfunctioning, failed states.
Waiter, the check please.
I feel their pain.
I feel her pain.
I feel his pain.
He showed me around.
She showed me around.
He filed a complaint.
This is none of your business.
Tom knows something about Mary that he won't tell us.
Tom knows something he's not telling us.
Tom must have seen something.
Tom might know something.
Tom said he saw something scary.
Tom is writing something.
Tom is reading something.
Tom is munching on something.
Tom is looking for something.
Tom is excited about something.
Tom has found something valuable.
This is something I wore when I was much younger.
There's something on the floor.
There's something about Mary that makes her irresistible.
There must be something we can do.
Something's obviously wrong.
Something's not quite right.
Something's bothering Tom.
Something is wrong with my computer.
Something is very, very wrong.
Something is terribly wrong.
Something important has come up.
Something must be wrong.
Is Tom unhappy about something?
Just give me something to ease the pain.
I'm looking for something.
I wish I could give you something.
Aren't you going to do something?
Aren't you going to say something?
Could you do something for me?
Could I get you something?
Could I ask you something?
Can't you do something about that?
Can you help me with something?
Can we help you with something?
Did I do something to make Tom angry?
Do you have something to report?
You always take things too seriously.
It's no use crying over spilt milk.
It's your bedtime.
It's well past Tom's bedtime.
It's about time you went to school.
It's about time I was going.
Hot liquids cool much more quickly in thin-walled teacups than in mugs; hence handles are de rigueur for teacups.
I'm glad to be rid of that trouble.
It snowed for ten days in a row.
In Sweden it is more common for a child to have three first names than one, but here, at home, this is a more unusual phenomenon.
I'm sick of English.
We've heard enough of your complaints.
Enough, already!
I'm tired of its being me all the time.
I ate until I couldn't eat any more. I was stuffed to the gills.
You act surprised. What did you expect?
Our train is late.
What they're doing is none of your business, and you've got enough to worry about as it is. Don't borrow trouble.
Trust yourself: every heart vibrates to that iron string.
In the long run your interest is better served by benefitting those below than those above.
Autocatalytic processes have positive feedback built in.
I'm not in the habit of talking behind people's backs. I told her to her face what I think of her.
What he needs is practice.
What she needs is practice.
I'm learning as much as you are.
I learn as much as you do.
Does the gentleman know whose car this is here?
Does the lady know who this car here belongs to?
Does the lady know who this car belongs to?
Does the gentleman know whose car this is?
Do you know whose is this car here?
Who is Emily?
Give Tom a hand, will you?
Right now I'm at the airport.
Does the gentleman speak Turkish?
Does the lady speak Turkish?
I don't want to read this here book.
Do you have something to hide?
Do you have something stronger to drink?
Show me something that I can wear to a banquet.
Show me something else.
Show me something a little larger.
Perhaps you could suggest something we can do tomorrow.
Maybe there's something I can do.
Let's grab something to eat.
Let me give you something to remember me by.
Is there something the matter?
Is there something on your mind?
Is something happening?
Is something going on that I need to know about?
If something did happen to Tom, I don't know what I'd do.
I'll trade you something for it.
I heard something.
Can I ask something?
Can I say something?
Something's strange.
Tom found something.
Do you see something?
Let me try something.
You owe me something.
Do you need something?
I need something else.
I'm missing something.
Is that something new?
Something seems wrong.
Something smells good.
Something's happening.
This is something new.
Am I missing something?
Did you find something?
Did you need something?
Do I owe you something?
I bought you something.
I did something stupid.
I'll get you something.
Is it something I said?
Is something different?
Let me check something.
Let's do something fun.
Let's do something new.
Should I say something?
Something's very wrong.
Tom sent you something.
Can I say something now?
Did you break something?
Did you order something?
I brought you something.
I got something for Tom.
I got something for you.
I knew something was up.
I need something to eat.
I need to get something.
I need to say something.
I'll give you something.
I'll show you something.
I'll think of something.
I'll work something out.
Is it something serious?
Is something wrong, Tom?
There's something wrong.
They're up to something.
Can I show you something?
Can I tell you something?
Did something seem wrong?
Does that mean something?
Have you found something?
Here's something for you.
I have something for you.
I know I heard something.
I'll find something else.
I'm working on something.
I've found something out.
Is it something pressing?
Is that something for me?
Is there something wrong?
Let me explain something.
Something doesn't add up.
Something frightened Tom.
Something made Tom angry.
They're really something.
This really is something.
Tom knows something's up.
Was it something special?
We'll think of something.
Did I interrupt something?
Did I say something funny?
Did you get Tom something?
Don't I owe you something?
I have something you want.
I knew I forgot something.
I think I found something.
I think something's wrong.
I will think of something.
I'll figure something out.
Maybe something's changed.
Maybe they have something.
Something happened to Tom.
Something's going on here.
That was really something.
Tom saw something unusual.
We can work something out.
We got something from Tom.
We should build something.
We've got to do something.
Can I do something for you?
Can I do something to help?
I figured something was up.
I knew something was wrong.
I should've done something.
I've brought you something.
Isn't there something else?
It could be something else.
Something funny's going on.
Something weird's going on.
Something's wrong with Tom.
Tom took something of mine.
Tom was carrying something.
Am I missing something here?
Did something happen to you?
Do I have to sign something?
Do I need to sign something?
Do you guys smell something?
Has something else happened?
Has something good happened?
I didn't tell you something.
I had to show Tom something.
I have something to ask Tom.
I have to ask Tom something.
I have to ask you something.
I just have to do something.
I just need to do something.
I just thought of something.
I know something's going on.
I made you something to eat.
I must be missing something.
I need to ask you something.
I should tell you something.
I think something's burning.
I think Tom knows something.
I think we forgot something.
I was looking for something.
I wish I could do something.
I'll come up with something.
I'm curious about something.
Is something wrong with Tom?
Is there something you need?
Is there something you want?
It gives me something to do.
It's something I have to do.
Last night, I saw something.
Let me figure something out.
Something must be different.
Something's happened to Tom.
Something's happened to you.
Something's very wrong here.
Something's wrong, isn't it?
That must've been something.
That'll be something to see.
Tom knows something's wrong.
We have something in common.
We've got something for you.
Why don't they do something?
Call me if something happens.
Can I ask you something else?
Did they do something to Tom?
Did Tom say something to you?
Have we done something wrong?
Have you found something out?
Here's something interesting.
I can see something up ahead.
I definitely heard something.
I got something nice for you.
I got you a little something.
I have something to tell Tom.
I have to tell Tom something.
I have to tell you something.
I may have something for you.
I must've missed something.
I need to show you something.
I need to tell you something.
I should have said something.
I think I've found something.
I think something scared Tom.
Somebody has to do something.
Somebody should do something.
Something happened in Boston.
There's something wrong here.
Tom knows he hears something.
Tom should've done something.
We have to do something, Tom.
We might have something else.
We must do something to help.
We're missing something here.
What if something goes wrong?
Are you waiting for something?
Bring along something to read.
Can I have something to drink?
Can I help you find something?
Can I help you with something?
Did I do something wrong, Tom?
Did Tom break something again?
Did Tom spill something again?
Did Tom steal something again?
Did you expect something else?
Do something about that noise.
Do you have something in mind?
Has something happened to Tom?
Hey, let me ask you something.
I can do something about that.
I did something really stupid.
I just want something to read.
I think I left something here.
I think we've found something.
I was doing something outside.
Is there something you wanted?
Let me ask you guys something.
Let me ask you something, Tom.
Something has gone very wrong.
Something just occurred to me.
Something must've spooked Tom.
Something strange is going on.
There's something inside here.
They're waiting for something.
Tom thinks he hears something.
Tom thinks you know something.
Tom was looking for something.
We could get something to eat.
We have something even better.
What if something gets broken?
Why didn't they say something?
Don't you have something to do?
I brought you something to eat.
I can get you something to eat.
I just want to check something.
I knew I'd forgotten something.
I knew Tom was up to something.
I really have to eat something.
I think I just heard something.
I think Tom is up to something.
I'm glad we agree on something.
I'm going to ask you something.
Let me remind you of something.
Let me show you something else.
Maybe it's something important.
Tell me something I don't know.
Tell us you've found something.
That's something I couldn't do.
That's something you'll regret.
There's something I have to do.
There's something odd going on.
This is something I have to do.
Tom is trying to say something.
Tom knows something about this.
Tom knows something's going on.
Tom's not telling me something.
We have to give them something.
We have to send them something.
We have to tell them something.
We'd better think of something.
Would I do something like that?
Are you making something to eat?
Does this mean something to you?
I know something you don't know.
I might be able to do something.
I sat on something and broke it.
I think I figured something out.
I'll have to try something else.
I'm going to give you something.
I'm going to show you something.
I'm going to tell you something.
Is something bothering you, Tom?
Isn't there something we can do?
Let me explain something to you.
Let's buy something nice for Tom.
Maybe Tom can tell us something.
So, can I ask you guys something?
Something's happened, hasn't it?
There's something I have to say.
There's something I need to say.
There's something I wish to say.
You found something, didn't you?
Did I miss something interesting?
Do you see something interesting?
Don't do something you'll regret.
I came down to ask you something.
I have something to do right now.
I have to take care of something.
I just had to check on something.
I need you to check on something.
I've got to get something to eat.
Tell me something about yourself.
There must be something in there.
There's something I have to know.
There's something I need to know.
This is something I made for Tom.
Would you like something to read?
Did I miss something this morning?
Do we have something to celebrate?
Do you have something to add, Tom?
I know something Tom doesn't know.
I need you to do something for me.
I think I have something you want.
Is there something wrong with Tom?
Maybe Tom's got something to hide.
Maybe we can do something to help.
Something tells me Tom will be OK.
Something's wrong with the engine.
There's something inside this box.
There's something you should know.
Why didn't you just say something?
Can I offer you something to drink?
Do you know something I don't know?
Does that suggest something to you?
I can offer you something to drink.
I just banged my head on something.
I saw something moving in the dark.
I'm trying to figure something out.
Something seems to be worrying you.
Something very strange is going on.
Tom has something else on his mind.
Tom has something important to say.
Are you trying to tell me something?
Do you want to get something to eat?
I knew you would do something great.
I seem to have done something wrong.
Something seems to be bothering Tom.
I want to give Tom something special.
I'll get you something to write with.
Isn't there something else we can do?
There's something I need to tell you.
Are you reading something interesting?
Did you bury something on that island?
I lost something very important to me.
I forgot something. I'll be right back.
I stepped on something and cut my foot.
I think Tom wants to sell us something.
I'll grab something to eat at the Deli.
There's something up there in the tree.
Tom seems to be holding something back.
Did you do something new with your hair?
That's not something I would joke about.
Tom's noticed something was out of place.
Do you want me to come cook you something?
I hope something bad doesn't happen to us.
I think I did something to make Tom angry.
I think Tom had something to do with this.
Something embarrassing happened last week.
Something still seems to be bothering Tom.
Tom's building something behind his house.
Tom's carrying something in his left hand.
You might get something in the mail today.
Something might fall on you, so be careful.
We heard something moving in the next room.
Let's do something different this afternoon.
We must find something to plug up this hole.
I think Tom is going to do something drastic.
Let's get Tom something useful for Christmas.
Tom's covering something with his right hand.
Tom and I have something to do this afternoon.
Something happened here, but I don't know what.
I'm going to do something by myself for a while.
At least you'll have something to write home about.
Tom says he's spotted something out of the ordinary.
I don't know what it is, but it's something very big.
Tom said something, but I couldn't hear what he said.
Sorry I couldn't come over yesterday. Something came up.
I'd better do something before the problem gets any worse.
Tom was just about to say something when Mary walked into the room.
We were talking about something at that time, but I don't remember what.
Both girls are wearing white suits.
I'd like some plum jam.
The dial code for Bulgaria is +359.
English used to have two forms for "you," one intimate and one "polite." No more. But where status matters, and a deferential address is called for, the third person is pressed into service; and the headwaiter asks, "Does the gentleman want a table?"
I don't need gold, I only seek the ultimate truth.
Indeed, computers are detrimental.
Indeed, computers are destructive.
Beans and peanuts are pulses; many wildflowers, forbs.
No one of us is immortal.
I just got here.
It's a single-cell organism.
I can't recall all their names.
Who can help you learn German?
The landscape was a measureless yellow mass of flourishing sunflowers.
Do it any way you can.
Let's smoke this hashish!
Let's smoke this charas!
I understand it, but I still don't agree with it.
When we went to Brazil, the first place we headed for was the beach at Botafogo.
The media are not reporting these stories.
Jack disappeared from view in the crowd.
The papers didn't print this story.
Many attended his funeral.
Many people went to Tom's funeral.
There were a lot of people at Tom's funeral.
A lot of people attended Tom's funeral.
You're using me in your art like this without consulting me?
Everything seemed dulled by Sunday's torpor and the dolefulness of the summer days.
When did you get there?
Can you guys solve the puzzle?
When will her new novel be published?
A kitten up a tree.
My dog is dreaming of a cat.
Orrery is a mechanic model of the Solar System.
Most folks use their youth to wreck their old age.
They never learn!
We live and learn.
Tatoeba contains many sentences that fill your bill.
Her help came at just the right moment.
They look just like rats leaving a sinking ship.
They're just like rats leaving a sinking ship.
I got married when I was years old.
Numerous examples can be given.
Life without love is meaningless.
Life without love has no meaning.
She couldn't attend the morning church service.
I'm crazy.
I'm not crazy.
I'll decide.
That's the book I told you about.
You should face the reality.
If you die, everyone dies.
I do everything for my family.
The introduction of the potato into Nepal doubled the population in a generation.
I do my job well.
My beloved girl is far away from me.
Just give me one more chance.
The Virgin Mary is Jesus' mother.
Tom wasn't homosexual, but Tom's friends told Tom's girlfriend Tom was gay.
Yeah, show us your ti..., uh, translations.
If the plug gets dirty, wipe it off with a dry cloth before insertion.
Tom is off my list of evil ones for today.
She is American.
I feel depressed because there were a lot of things I had to do.
It doesn't matter who says so, it's still wrong.
They guarantee this clock can be used for a year.
Tom looked at Mary in the mirror.
Christmas is rapidly approaching.
Beetroot was offered to Apollo in his temple at Delphi.
I've eaten the borsch.
I don't know three languages.
He's wearing a hat.
How long did it take for you to read this book?
Actually, I'm going to New Zealand to study.
They say the girl sold her body.
All right, who are you?
Very well, who are you?
OK, who are you?
We ate sandwiches, cake and so on.
The house fell down one week later.
I don't think he is sincere.
I am taking tomorrow off.
The train is thirty minutes late.
He drank detergent by mistake.
Can you remember this game?
It's a rather depressing thing.
I hate fanatics.
I hate zealots.
I'm a fanatic of ecology.
I am a fanatic of ecology.
We must stop this dangerous plague.
I'd like to learn the Latvian language.
I'd like to learn Finnish.
I don't have any love problems.
What do you think of our love?
I'm a cat.
Is money important for me?
I am a cat.
Who wants freedom?
I couldn't stand any more.
All men are brothers.
People like to talk.
Get me the number of this young girl.
Anna is a little girl.
He works for a large American corporation.
I try not to use more paper than I need.
When I go shopping, I try to buy local products rather than imported ones because it is good for the environment.
You are both really kind.
Gas could be leaking at our home.
There could be a gas leak at our home.
Hand out the maps to us.
Oh, but that is a mundane matter!
When the sweet potato was introduced to New Guinea, the population exploded.
Brisance measures how quickly an exploding material reaches its maximum pressure.
Although the United States is a developed country, it still has some very poor people.
Is it an obsession?
Is this an obsession?
I'm twelve years old.
I don't like listening to his complaining all the time. It makes me tired.
He went all out and gave it his best shot.
I'm twelve.
That problem is too simple.
I demand that students always be on time.
It is said that the girl sold her body.
If I knew it was going to upset you so much, I wouldn't have mentioned it.
Some people have all the luck.
If I had all the time in the world, I'd build a boat and sail to Fiji.
My grandfather suffers from osteoporosis.
Phrenology was very popular in the 19th century, but nowadays most consider it to be nothing more than a curious pseudoscience.
This is pseudoscience.
Some things are best left unsaid.
Just because you can, doesn't mean that you should.
If I met Jesus, I'd check out his abs.
We don't have enough cake to go around.
What kind of person would do such a thing?
Some say that he was the greatest boxer who ever lived.
I read both of those books in tandem several years ago and I can't remember which one the scene you're describing was in.
Some species are probably not domesticable--the polar bear comes to mind--others, seemingly unlikely--like the alligator--are being farmed today, although keeping them confined has turned out to be a bit of a problem.
Next time, lie to me. In this case, I'd rather not have known the truth.
I fought off my desire to sleep.
Some things are better not said.
Some things are better left undone.
It's half an hour by foot from here to the station.
Jesus has abs of steel.
You've got to fight that tendency of yours.
Have you been fighting with the boy next door again?
I think I'm right, but I'm not going to fight about it.
Sometimes I get carried away.
While the baby was napping, she drooled all over her pillow.
Nobody likes a sore loser.
Good conductors of heat are usually good conductors of electricity, but that puts the causal relation backwards. Conduction-band electrons can't help but transport kinetic energy, which--randomized--is heat. Putting heat before electricity is reasonable only because of the rarity of materials like diamond that conduct heat via the quasi-particles called phonons, which are communicable crystal-lattice vibrations.
Hysteria is no laughing matter.
I don't pay them any mind.
So keep at it and don't turn back.
Wasn't that day a bummer!
Clover makes a good cover crop.
Her help was just what the doctor ordered.
Tom traveled back in time.
Tom traveled back in time to perform a mission.
Tom has an important mission to perform.
Tom called Mary and asked her what year it was.
Mary told him not to waste her time.
Mary's was the only phone number Tom had.
Tom called her again.
He convinced her to listen to him.
He explained to her his circumstances.
He explained to her that he came from the future.
Tom came from the future.
He explained her he was on a mission.
He explained to her that he needed her help.
Tom had to change the past.
Tom had to prevent the war from breaking out.
He had to prevent the war.
Tom had to change the future.
Tom changed the future.
Tom never knew if he had accomplished it.
He couldn't know.
He could only wait to see it with his own eyes.
Tom had nowhere to return to.
He could travel back, but not forward in time.
He could travel back in time.
He could not travel forward in time.
Mary showed him the world.
Mary showed Tom the world from the past.
Tom became aware of a brand new world.
Tom had a whole world to discover.
Tom decided to stay with Mary.
Tom would see with his own eyes the future he had made.
Take a good look.
The man was a complete stranger to her. She had never seen him before.
What kind of person is this Russian woman? What do you know about her?
This crime was probably committed by a woman.
I am not a Polish detective, dear lady. I am an international detective.
Her very long, black eyelashes set off the aristocratic pallor of her cheeks.
Her dark, almond-shaped eyes were remarkably beautiful.
I'd just like to ask if you saw or heard anything last night that could cast some light on this mysterious affair.
I hoped you could hurl some lumens into the gloom.
Fluence is the time integral of flux.
Live free or die.
Johnny Appleseed is beloved in American folklore, because he traveled the country and planted apple seeds wherever he went; but folklore lovers don't know much about apple trees, which almost always require grafting to be much use.
Please, don't be concerned about it. It's just a formality.
No-one is more capable of translating your sentences than yourself, surely.
Don't cry / For the good times gone. / Smile instead / While they're still going on.
All afternoon a violent storm scoured the little town's streets.
As Japan approaches the 21st century, she is learning from Europe and making a necessary shift of economic focus from production for export to providing for the unprecedented needs of an aging population.
Since it's written in easy English, even you can read that book.
It's written in easy English, so even you will be able read that book.
Why do you despise people?
Don't give me a call.
Why are African lions disappearing?
Bread feeds the body, and books feed the mind.
What you smell now is the scent of nightmares.
Do you see that over there?
Tom still can't swim very well.
I'm too happy for you.
We are already training for the eating challenge!
Aliens are among us!
Thinking about it, I must look dangerous.
I am not finished with you yet.
Don't look for me.
Tom is an agreeable person.
Tom is a likeable person.
How do you download a photo from this site?
I would like to upload several photos to the forum. Could you tell me how?
How do we upload photos to this area?
It is painful for me to see the name of the traitor among other names in the same sentence.
Mary was an agreeable girl.
Mary was a likable girl.
Gaza is one of the most overcrowded and poorest colonies in the world.
I'd tell you all you want and more, if the sounds I made could be what you hear.
Words are for lovers. I want to see action.
The language of friendship is not words but meanings.
Some of the best scrolls contain unicorns and space.
I'll save it for a quieter decade.
I couldn't pass the exam.
When will it be ready?
Prove me wrong.
I couldn't have passed the exam.
I was feeling utterly powerpointless.
I always take my tea with sugar.
Who's at the door?
Who are you calling for?
Domestic corn's wild precursor was teosinte.
The workflow is illustrated in the following chart.
What's your last name?
What's your middle name?
Who do you know here?
What are your plans for the weekend?
On either side of the Equator the prevailing winds blow in opposite directions. Shifting of the boundary north and south creates the monsoon.
Do you often think about things outside the bounds of your reality?
We have few occasions in life to be witness to extraordinary history.
Silence is the only answer to a fool.
Where has this man gone?
If you do that again, I'll come and cut your throat when you're asleep.
We're all sad-faced.
Whole systems have sunk into chaos or revolution, because greedy politicians were mired in corruption and blackmail with their people suffering the while.
Their death is an obligation for us.
You've become a thought leader in the whole corporate-governance space.
How many times have you seen "Matrix"?
When I started to fix the language, I got wrapped around the axle.
The pump didn't work properly.
The cell phone rang, but he went back to sleep.
Our professor has a good reputation.
I think about you often.
He told me that she loves me.
She told me that he loves me.
There you go!
Our teacher is in a good mood.
Whose newspaper is this?
Bill is my closest friend.
Wait a minute, please.
I go to sleep at about midnight.
I will now explain this rule to you.
He successfully realised his dream.
Oranges contain lots of vitamin C.
My mother is afraid of lifts.
We used to have aeroplanes, but we had to sell them.
My foot!
In Japan there are a lot of beautiful cities. Kyoto and Nara, for example.
Tanks aren't afraid of dirt.
Tanks don't fear dirt.
But life is short!
You're taking the wrong sow by the ear there, pal!
I try to leave room for dessert.
In case of fire, please use this exit.
My father isn't afraid of anybody.
You expect us to work on the house, too? What next?!
Oxygen is necessary for combustion.
There are so many stars in the sky that I can't count them all.
There was nothing left in the fridge.
There was nothing left in the refrigerator.
I'm worried that he'll get lost.
I'll go to Paris when I have enough money.
I had to cool my heels for an hour in front of the door, waiting for his highness to leave the bathroom.
Do you remember this game?
I go to school at seven o'clock.
What do you think of when you hear the word "radioactivity"?
Alice is playing tennis at the moment.
The cupboard is near the fridge.
The table is next to the fridge.
Is it a phenomenon, or a noumenon?
Some retarded teenager is assailing the statistics again.
That man died of pellagra.
Is it difficult to learn Greek?
Timing is fundamental!
The immigrants entered the country in a steady flow.
Well, it doesn't look so difficult to me.
Mary is quite picky.
Ronnie's music and legacy live in all of us!
My absence has left a hole in your heart.
We have a very limited stock.
I fully agree!
A variety of films delve into such themes.
He wants to demonstrate the plausibility of a new dictatorship coming to power.
This has been instilled into them.
And he saith unto them, Why are ye fearful, O ye of little faith? Then he arose, and rebuked the winds and the sea; and there was a great calm.
Why did you unfriend me?
Tanning is stinky work.
A clipper ship running before the wind with all her canvas spread is a sight to behold.
Once capsized, a catamaran is impossible to right without help.
The ship was listing fifteen degrees to port.
The ship had taken on water and was down by the stern.
The ship had a marked list.
A catamaran is unlikely to be capsized by wind, but a big enough rogue wave can do it.
A big ship, like a large airplane, has an enormous reynolds number; airships and low-mass submersibles are quite different.
Daddy, I love you!
Zebras become progressively more ill-tempered as they age, which militates against their domestication.
He didn't drink wine.
Thus do all women.
In the next four years, billion euros must be saved.
It is not so cold today.
In physics, the Jeans instability causes the collapse of interstellar gas clouds and subsequent star formation.
God pays you.
God is paying you.
Please show me how to do it.
Could you please show me how it's done?
Would you please show me how it's done?
Show me how it's done.
It is illegal for young people to drink.
The men who tried to steal the plane have been sentenced to death by firing squad.
It is sad to stay at home.
You can stay tonight with me.
Look at my eyes.
I always get home by six o'clock.
This is the hotel where we stayed that time.
That's the building where my dad works.
This is the way they capture elephants alive.
Vair, who was to be revered as a Sufi saint, was noticed in a bazaar because of his deferential bearing by a stranger, who, taking him for a slave, approached and asked, "Are you looking for your master?"
Our team won.
The Byzantine Greek monks Cyril and Methodius are credited with bringing the alphabet to Russia and laying the foundations of the Russian Orthodox Church.
Rain, rain, go away. / Come again another day.
Announced on the 16th of October of 2012, Alpha Centauri Bb may be the closest planet outside our Solar System and may be a "lava world."
The true nature of the planet Alpha Centauri Bb is still a mystery.
Don't scold her. She's too young to understand.
He couched his demand in respectful words.
Uri Avnery founded the Gush Shalom movement in 1993.
Uri Avnery visited Yassir Arafat for the first time in 1982.
I like living in this country.
This was the worst day ever.
This was the best day ever.
I asked him for advice.
Is there anything new?
He's always so fast!
She's always so fast!
Don't worry, you are safe.
Stay calm, I will not harm you.
What I hate most about living in Istanbul is always getting stuck in traffic.
I will never hurt you.
I definitely want to get acquainted with Mary. I think she is very likeable.
I'm a town dweller.
I'm a city dweller.
What is the Turkish equivalent of meditation?
What do I expect from life?
I want to strain your nerves.
Life's purpose is to be happy.
As for the accusations of heresy: here, the evidence is much weaker.
As for the accusations of heresy--here, the evidence is much weaker.
Don't freak out.
He's the man of the house.
I'm the man of the house.
It's a classic.
This is not okay.
Don't be cruel.
I'll do it tomorrow.
"I'll do it tomorrow." "You said that yesterday!"
I don't know you anymore.
Don't drop the soap.
That's so true!
That's a low blow.
Don't let her drive.
Don't let her drive your car.
This is taking forever.
She can't drive.
This is not safe.
The Pamir has high and beautiful mountains.
Everything worked fine.
Everything worked without a problem.
Everything functioned without a problem.
Has anyone here in the classroom heard about Norman Finkelstein?
Last year, I saw at least fifty movies.
There’s a saying that goes, "Fortune always comes in pairs." But there’s another saying that says, "Fortune comes, but never in pairs, while misfortune always does."
What could I do for you?
This isn't safe.
Could you please fix this flat tire?
Would you have time to fix this flat tire now?
How much do you charge to fix a flat tire?
Is there someplace around here that can fix a flat tire?
I hope you practiced your solo.
No matter how much I think about it, I can't understand it.
No matter how much I think about it, I don't understand it.
You know I didn't like you in the 6th grade.
I love our conversations.
This applies to many people.
I haven't done this for a while.
All you have to do is decide.
I just want to sleep.
I don't care, OK?
He's dirty minded.
Thanks for reminding me!
They're just jealous of you and me.
This animal feeds on flesh.
You just need to decide.
This makes me remember you.
Are you here for business?
Thanks for making me remember.
They are just jealous of us.
You know I didn't like you in sixth grade.
You're so pretty when you get angry.
Worst day ever!
Some day your dream will come true, too.
Can I borrow this pen?
I feel as if I could fly.
Tomas changed the future.
They are manufactured in various sizes.
She really wants to go there.
I think he's innocent.
He isn't hungry.
Let me tell you what I did today!
Which floor do you live on?
The worst of Istanbul is the traffic.
I was appalled by the traffic in Bangkok, but travellers told me Taipei was worse.
People are funny.
Funny how? Funny ha-ha or funny odd?
No longer mourn for me when I am dead / Than you shall hear the surly sullen bell / Give warning to the world that I am fled.
In a traditional Javanese burial, before the grave is filled in, someone close to the deceased will go down into it and shout into his ear the Muslim profession of faith. The message is "Don't forget. Especially not now."
The horse has four feet.
She wants to kiss her.
Please ensure that your speakers are connected and sound turned up. Please note that the file size to be viewed/downloaded is large so the download times may vary depending upon the local internet connectivity.
Who's with me?
I need a keyboard to be funny.
I can hear that all the way from over there.
This little piggy went to market. / This little piggy stayed home. / This little piggy had roast beef. / This little piggy had none. / And this little piggy went wee-wee-wee-wee all the way home.
I'm sure of it. No question. There is absolutely no doubt in my mind.
Take care. Be safe.
Good night, sleep tight, don't let the bedbugs bite.
I'm OK. I'm fine. Right as rain.
He went slowly and deliberately to his car, being careful not to step on the cracks in the cement walkway.
I like a good crime novel, especially procedurals.
French words like "vin" give Americans trouble; but "meringue," a valuable clue, falls trippingly from the tongue.
We're going dancing tonight, my dear. We're going to trip the light fantastic.
If I can win the lottery, then I won't have to sell my daughters.
Lie down on the examination table.
If I can get a book from the library, it saves me from having to buy it in the bookshop.
If I can get a book from the library, it saves me from needing to buy it in the bookshop.
Air is composed mainly of nitrogen and oxygen.
You should have kept your mouth shut.
She should have kept her mouth shut.
He should have kept his mouth shut.
I should have kept my mouth shut.
You look surprised.
I am a city mouse.
The sound of a trumpet will bode the end of the world.
Mars has two moons.
My mother would turn in her grave if she knew I had married an *.
My uncle gave me this watch.
I went swimming in the river.
A pair of sparrows is building a nest on the terrace at my house.
What does he mean to do?
What does he intend to do?
What does he plan to do?
According to her opinion, yes.
McDonald's golden arches may have marched into countries, but the quintessentially American company still resides in a quintessentially American suburb.
I have enough money to buy it.
I don't have enough money to buy it.
It is in the kitchen.
She is too old for you.
Tom's parents thought that Mary was too old for him.
She is younger than me.
She's younger than me.
His family loved me.
Her family loved me.
Her daughter is sick.
This night belongs to the fireflies and the bats—and the werewolves.
I can imagine how the stars feel on tour.
My name is Kuzey.
My name is not Kuzey.
The world turns around sex, money and drugs.
How did your sister die?
I'm also a human being, we are all brothers.
I cannot forget you.
I can't forget you.
I cannot drink coffee.
What are you looking for in the darkroom?
Greece cancels the referendum.
This wasn't my question. I wanted to know something else.
Truth is always the same: all its versions are a lie.
Death is just a gate: when it shuts, another opens.
I wish you were a little more like me.
It's time to begin.
Time to begin.
Since Christmas is coming, everyone's talking about it.
I ain't got no kids yet.
There is no rest for the wicked.
It's crucial for my girlfriend to be a hugger.
You don't really like feeling old.
All of you have a similar behaviour.
Some of you are lesbians too.
Make your brain work before talking!
I know you're not going to come to my party, but I wish you were.
I know you're not coming to my party, but I wish you were.
The trend is your friend.
My older sister takes a shower every day.
The eyes are windows to the soul.
I hate going to school with all my heart. The only thing that comforts me is that someday it will end.
Music is to the soul what gymnastics is to the body.
Any dance looks beautiful, if it's danced from the heart.
I take a shower every day.
After taking a shower, Tom ate dinner.
That wasn't the question I asked. I wanted to know something else.
Mine is centimeters long.
The committee is comprised of ten members.
I'm grateful to him for catching my hat that I lost on the windy street.
Then, do you think I should say 'wow' to you?
Please help him!
Please help them!
Winter is the coldest season of the year, proof, sometime it snows.
His mark's lowering was progressive.
His star is fading.
I read a lot.
Because of you, I'm having problems with my blood pressure.
I have read all the letters you sent.
The committee has ten members.
Our town has excellent sports facilities.
She offered me some marmalade.
He offered me some orange jam.
I don't buy that. Your logic is faulty, and your example is nonsense.
You haven't been cooperating with us, John. It's time you got with the program.
Once he got a taste, you couldn't keep him away from it.
Once he smells it, you won't be able to stop him. He'll be off to the races.
I played hooky from school today and went skateboarding.
The cockpit of the Spitfire was small and narrow.
The Spitfire's fuel was gravity fed. If you flew upside down, the engine would conk out.
Is this as far as you're going?
When the horse walked into the tavern, the barkeep asked, "Why the long face?"
It is strictly prohibited for Negroes to visit those hospitals, libraries, theatres, cinemas, hotels, and restaurants, which are destined for the Whites.
How many languages have you recognized?
This kind of proposal can't be rejected.
Rabbit droppings are not raisins. I suppose you knew that.
Ooh! Chocolate mousse. Yummy.
That food smells good. Yum, yum.
I can't reach the jar on that shelf. Hand it down to me, please.
Phrases heard in children's games can be handed down for generations after their meaning has been forgotten.
It's an heirloom. Been in my family for generations.
Inter-family is more likely than intra-family conflict to result in violence. Or is it?
The situation was becoming dangerous. We got the hell out.
He came into the room with his hat and coat.
He came into the room with his hat off.
This kind of offer is not refused.
Peter is a truth teller.
He could not credit her story.
Collect sentences, not guns! At worst, your children will throw them in one another's faces.
Parents need to collect guns for what?
Gun collecting is a poor companion to child rearing.
It's a bet. Nothing more.
He always does as he pleases.
These are serious difficulties.
There's no-one in the house; they're all outside.
I thought he was busy, but in reality he was available.
Collecting guns goes ill with collecting children.
Our inventory is very limited.
Some think that we are not spiritually related.
He woke up starving; but after getting outside a substantial breakfast, he felt splendid.
Your soul can be outside your body; don't assume that it's inside.
You don't feel enlightened enough not to be racists.
I won't starve if I have a real Japanese breakfast.
Be joyful and merry for it's the jolly season.
My reality view is drastically different from yours.
Winter's coat's off.
That car is fast. It goes like a bat out of hell.
In hospitals, the equipment and appliances most often needed for life-threatening emergencies is kept together on a crash cart.
She has remained in her present position for ten years.
We kept together for safety.
They clung together for warmth.
There are old pilots, and there are bold pilots; but there are no old, bold pilots.
The container ship kept station outside the harbor until the pilot boat arrived.
Just a minute. I'm coming.
In heavy rain a light nylon tent is drier with a fly.
A tent with a floor and a zipper is bug tight.
The tech was asked to make a light-tight box.
You can't get there from here.
All hope abandon ye who enter here.
What hope attends you through this gate? Not one!
In some stations the inbound and outbound platforms are not connected.
Connectivity can be rated by ease, cost, time, distance, or capacity. What about scenery? That's a cost factor. It may be positive or negative.
A play with many scene changes may be a trial for the crew or a trial for the audience.
How does Esperanto, with its word-order freedom, deal with scope of negation?
He became forgetful, which annoyed him intensely.
He said no, he was busy.
These are questions that matter.
He's busy and can't meet with you.
He's a busy man, so the only way you can contact him is by telephone.
I love serious music.
Tom waited more than an hour.
Ken still hasn't washed the car.
Everybody is just "smoking" in a way.
There is a garden by the side of your house
Just talk about the language that you want learn. Why do you want to learn it?
Why do you want to learn French?
You like a language that reminds you of your own?
You think that because many people know that language, you should learn it too?
You wish to look like the people who speak the language that you want to learn?
You think that the language that you want to learn will be the "language of the future"?
You think that the language that you want to learn will take over the whole world?
What is "language ecology"?
Eliza's not Oriental.
The name of the cybertherapist is Eliza.
The Gulf Stream is a great river of warm water flowing within the Atlantic Ocean.
How many boys are in this class?
Do you get paid for being such an asshole?
We discovered a secret passageway.
We discovered a secret passageway leading to the catacombs.
This castle is full of secret passageways.
There is a secret passageway in my mind leading to my childhood.
They fled through a secret passageway.
When do you intend to start?
She can't find her hat.
She lives in this neighborhood.
It's not possible for humans to live forever.
An undeciphered dream is an unread letter.
It makes no difference.
It's the same thing.
Let's not talk about it anymore.
She doesn't listen to music at all.
Now that I see these pictures, I remember.
Who?
I'll go on Sunday.
Where was she born?
What doesn't kill us only makes us stronger.
Whatever doesn't kill us only makes us stronger.
Those agenda items were discussed together.
That's a highly energetic and unstable compound. Don't make it.
No suitable comment offered itself to Tom.
Tom found nothing to say in return.
Tom didn't know how he should answer.
The author of the text of the famous song "I love you, oh life" died yesterday.
That's a book of incredible prophetic power.
It's a book of incredible imaginative power.
Let's not go over that again.
That comes to the same thing.
That amounts to the same thing.
That boils down to the same thing.
When do you mean to start?
When do you plan to start?
Opposite the station.
When would you like to begin?
I'm thirty-four.
Smoking stinks.
There's a student who wants to see you guys.
Scars are no big deal, Doctor. I haven't been pretty for a very long time.
Are you bored here?
That movie was really boring.
I do not quite understand what you mean.
I do not think they will accept these terms and conditions.
It is rather sad to see people who can't even use their mother tongue correctly.
There are many tall trees and different kinds of grass in the jungle.
We should give him flowers.
We should give her flowers.
Give them money.
No man is a prophet in his own country.
I need to lie down.
For whither thou goest, I will go; and where thou lodgest, I will lodge: thy people shall be my people, and thy God my God:
I did not understand.
I don't generally go out of the house to want to see other people.
This is an outrage!
Every new language is like a game.
Russia should give the Kuril Islands back to Japan.
We're going to begin.
He has been to Hawaii several times.
I can't answer that, because that question is too difficult to answer.
I can tell when someone is lying.
Playing music to me is like reading a book.
My fingers pronounce every word, every pause and every accent.
As I finish reading a score, I open the next one.
Then I try to play the first notes.
There are two plates on the table.
I wanted to ride my bike, but I'm out of practice.
Don't get out of practice.
I admit that it doesn't feel bad at all.
Considerable care is advised when driving in winter weather.
His car is two years old.
Swadesh's glottochronology was based on the tenuous thesis that all languages have a core vocabulary that undergoes replacement at a constant rate.
First of all, I'm very worried about my daughter's health.
The Soviet Union proposes to peoples a new way – a way of equality and friendship of peoples, a way that has already proved to be so fruitful in our country.
That scientist wrote a lot of science texts.
Do you have time on today?
Why do we need aspartame?
Aspartame is an artificial sugar.
It is cold outside.
We're test subjects.
We are test animals.
We are guinea pigs.
If you read, you will survive.
If you survive, you will read.
Today I feel much better.
This is my business card.
Judging from his appearance, he is sick.
Astronomy is like geography. It should be part of basic education as it was for me.
Your alphasyllabary needs better vowel marks.
Do you want to Romanize your language? Maybe, you should.
Maybe, all you need is a French keyboard with accents.
We think someone, and we know very well who, called the police.
We think someone, and we know very well who, used the boss's cup.
I think someone, and I know very well who, took my money.
I think someone, and I know very well who, came in my bedroom.
You know very well who I mean.
I know very well who you are.
They know very well who we are, and what we can do.
We know very well what our chances are.
I know very well what they want.
You guys are insane!
This law can be interpreted in many ways.
We're sorry we can't help you.
There are people who don't like to go to bed early.
There are people who don't like to go to sleep early.
The wages of sin are death.
The apartment is in flames.
You clearly are interested in buying that dress.
This makes me very happy.
That makes me very happy.
Thanks, I'll delete it then.
I'll delete the sentence.
The sentence has been deleted.
Thank you for adding these new languages to Tatoeba!
You upset the entire place!
Did Dorenda really come back?!
There's some truth in science fiction, but don't go looking for it there. There's science fact.
She's Caucasian.
Teenagers who want to learn languages because they find them "awesome" probably won't ever master them at all.
I like this music.
I always listen to this song.
Blümchen sings in German.
Have you heard about a German singer called Blümchen?
But wait! There's more.
Le Mur des "Je t'aime" (The "I Love You" Wall) in Paris, features the words "I love you" written times in different languages.
Talent is like money. It's not necessary to have any to talk about it.
It's enough!
This is my life right now.
Piracy isn't killing music.
Are you telling us you suck?
Why would you want to be a teacher?
Why in the world would I want to be a teacher?
Why does Tom want to be a teacher?
Tom wanted to be a teacher.
You always said you wanted to become a scientist. Why didn't you?
You don't want to be an editor?
You sound like you don't want to be an archaeologist.
Do you want me to be your bodyguard?
Do you still want to be an officer?
You'll be asked why you want to be a teacher.
I want to be an artist.
I want to be an actor.
I want to be a teacher.
Are you saying you don't want to be a teacher anymore?
Wish me luck, I will need it.
No one died.
No one cared.
Trust no one.
Don't trust anyone.
No one cheated.
No one escaped.
No one laughed.
No one got hurt.
No one loves me.
No one asked you.
No one is amused.
No one is around.
No one knows why.
No one knows yet.
No one says that.
No one was alive.
No one was there.
No one will talk.
No one's perfect.
No one's talking.
No one can get in.
No one is talking.
No one lives here.
No one's in sight.
No one's prepared.
No one's seen Tom.
No one's watching.
I'm no one special.
No one can do that.
No one can hear us.
No one can help us.
No one followed me.
No one is speaking.
No one noticed Tom.
No one's safe here.
No one came up here.
No one can help you.
No one could see us.
No one else laughed.
No one has seen Tom.
No one saw anything.
No one will miss me.
No one will survive.
No one would listen.
No one's allowed in.
There's no one here.
There's no one left.
We have seen no one.
We haven't seen anyone.
No one else knows it.
No one has been here.
No one is asking you.
No one is downstairs.
No one is unbeatable.
No one listens to me.
No one suspected Tom.
No one voted for Tom.
No one will be fired.
No one will get hurt.
No one will harm you.
No one will hurt you.
No one's judging you.
No one's watching me.
It was no one's fault.
No one cares about us.
No one heard anything.
No one here has a car.
No one is in the room.
No one knew who I was.
No one threatened Tom.
No one wants to fight.
No one wants to speak.
No one was in the car.
No one would hurt Tom.
No one knew what to do.
No one knew who did it.
No one saw Tom take it.
No one was in the park.
No one was in the room.
No one knows what to do.
I have no one to talk to.
I'm glad no one got hurt.
No one can figure it out.
No one can get in or out.
No one can hear you, Tom.
No one can help you, Tom.
No one knows Tom is here.
No one knows what to say.
No one seems to know Tom.
No one asked your opinion.
No one but Tom was amused.
No one is in the bathroom.
No one knows where we are.
No one takes us seriously.
No one will ever find you.
No one will know I'm here.
No one will speak with me.
No one feels like fighting.
No one would talk about it.
It looks like no one's home.
No one here will betray you.
No one is going to harm you.
No one is going to hurt you.
No one knows me like you do.
No one made you do anything.
I used to think no one cared.
No one asked me to come here.
No one pays attention to Tom.
No one was on board the ship.
I have no one else to turn to.
No one has seen Tom for years.
No one is allowed to go there.
No one knew quite what to say.
No one knows where Tom's gone.
No one will give me any money.
No one's seen Tom for a while.
I don't know why no one saw Tom.
No one knew who owned the land.
No one said anything like that.
No one said anything about that.
No one seems to know the answer.
No one was in the swimming pool.
No one could've predicted this.
No one knows what Tom looks like.
Tom laughed, but no one else did.
Tom looked around, but saw no one.
Tom looked around, but didn't see anyone.
The bus stopped, but no one got out.
No one ever escapes from this prison.
No one's coming to our party tonight.
I knocked, but no one opened the door.
No one knows how many people Tom killed.
No one makes chicken soup like my mother.
No one ate any of the cookies that I made.
No one seems to know what this is used for.
Tom soon realized that no one was paying any attention to him.
I didn't tell anyone.
I didn't shoot anyone.
Norman Finkelstein's parents were survivors of the Holocaust.
"Who is Norman Finkelstein?" "He is an American political scientist."
I will explain the problem to you later.
The company gave out a press release.
All the King's Men.
Sperm bank regulations restricted a given donor to making sperm donations at only one facility and restricted the number of children that each donor could "father".
We sprinkle salt to ward off bad luck.
She's beautiful, too.
The fourth is called Numbers, since at the beginning of the book the great number of the children of Israel are listed by their tribes and families.
We really are good and diligent.
Certain people are evil.
I couldn't enter because the door was closed.
Quiet, please.
I'm looking for my brother.
With a piercing whistle, the ship sailed from the port.
Be careful not to miss the train.
Take care not to miss the train.
It's better to stay silent than make a mistake.
I've been singing since I was six.
It rains here often.
Nobody seems to know where Jean is.
We ran fast so they wouldn't catch us.
I go to the city to buy bread.
He's a friend of mine named Jeannot.
I appreciate what you did yesterday.
What crisis? I feel comfortable.
What do you mean by "dead"?
You're saying you wrote this book?
On the inquest it was shown that Buck Fanshaw, in the delirium of a wasting typhoid fever, had taken arsenic, shot himself through the body, cut his throat, and jumped out of a four-story window and broken his neck—and after due deliberation, the jury, sad and tearful, but with intelligence unblinded by its sorrow, brought in a verdict of death "by the visitation of God." What could the world do without juries?
We didn't see anybody.
Why doesn't anyone believe me?
Why doesn't anyone listen to me?
We don't need anyone else.
Why isn't anybody doing anything?
I've never hit anyone in my life.
I've never told anyone that.
Why would anybody come here?
Why would anyone kidnap Tom?
Why would I tell anyone?
Isn't there anyone you know?
Did anybody see anything?
Did anyone call me?
Did anyone else help you?
Did anybody else see it?
Did anyone hear me?
Did anyone hear the gun shot?
Did anyone laugh?
Did anyone notice anything unusual?
Did anybody notice this?
Did anyone see it happen?
Did anybody see what happened?
Did anyone see you come here?
Did anyone see you come in here?
Did anyone see you on the beach?
Did anyone see you there?
Did anybody see you?
Did I forget anyone?
Did Tom talk to anyone else?
Did you call anyone else?
Did you hug anybody?
Did you kill anybody?
Did you kiss anybody?
Did you see anybody else?
Did you see anybody?
Did you see anyone leave?
Did you see anyone on the beach?
Did you see anyone suspicious?
Did you see anyone?
Did you tell anybody?
Did Tom tell anyone?
Didn't anyone question you?
Didn't anyone tell you?
I didn't know anyone was there.
I didn't mean to hurt anyone.
I didn't rescue anybody.
I didn't see anyone else.
I didn't see anyone using it.
I didn't see anyone.
I didn't talk to anybody.
I didn't tell anybody.
Tell Tom not to talk to anyone.
Tom didn't hurt anybody.
Tom didn't trust anyone.
Tom doesn't usually trust anyone.
Is Tom seeing anyone?
Tom won't let anyone help Mary.
Tom won't speak to anybody.
Tom won't talk to anyone.
Tom would never kill anyone.
Tom wouldn't hurt anybody.
Tom wouldn't listen to anyone.
Tom wouldn't talk to anybody.
Can anybody hear me?
Can anybody help me?
I can't afford to pay anyone.
I won't marry anyone.
I won't tell anybody.
Is anybody else scared?
Anybody here?
Anybody hurt?
Anybody in here?
Is anybody in there?
Anybody miss me?
Did anyone miss me?
Is anybody ready for dessert?
Anybody see you?
Is anybody there?
If anyone can do it, Tom can.
Anyone could do that.
Is anyone else home?
Is anybody else in the house?
Is anyone going to eat that?
Is anyone here yet?
Anyone home?
Anyone hurt?
Is anyone in there?
Is anyone on board?
I'm no use to anyone.
Do you know anybody in Boston?
Do you know anyone here?
Do you know anyone named Tom?
Do you recognize anyone?
Do you trust anyone?
Does anybody have a can opener?
Does anyone have any other questions?
Does anybody hear me?
Does anybody know about this?
Does anybody know where Tom is?
Does anyone know you're here?
Does anybody need anything?
Does anyone care?
Does anyone else know about this?
Does anybody here trust Tom?
Does anyone know what this is?
Does anyone need a lift home?
Doesn't anyone care?
Don't call anybody.
I don't care what anyone says.
Don't expect anyone to help you.
Don't fire anyone.
I don't have anybody else to turn to.
I don't have anybody.
Don't hurt anybody else.
Don't hurt anyone.
I don't know anybody in Boston.
I don't know anyone here.
I don't know anyone named Tom.
Don't mention this to anyone.
I don't need anybody.
I don't need anyone anymore.
I don't need anyone's help.
Don't open that door for anybody.
Don't open the door for anyone.
Don't say a word to anyone.
I don't see anybody inside.
Don't talk to anybody about this.
Don't talk to anyone.
Don't tell anybody.
I don't think Tom likes anybody.
Don't trust anybody.
I don't trust anybody.
I don't usually wait for anybody.
I don't work for anyone.
It's not anybody's fault.
You don't owe anybody anything.
You work harder than anyone here.
I know him better than anybody.
I hope I haven't offended anyone.
Is there anyone in here?
Is there anybody there?
Is there anyone else around?
Is there anybody else I can ask?
Is there anyone here who hasn't been to Boston?
Is there anybody here you don't know?
Is there anyone here?
Is there anybody left?
Is there anyone living in that house?
Are you bringing anyone?
Are you dating anybody?
Are you expecting anyone?
Are you seeing anybody right now?
Are you seeing anyone?
Are you seeing anybody now?
Was anybody else there?
Has anybody seen Tom?
Has anyone spoken to Tom?
Has anybody talked to Tom?
Was anyone else injured?
Was anybody hurt?
Was anyone in the room?
Was anybody in there?
Has anyone seen Tom?
Was anybody with you?
Was there anyone else around?
Was there anybody else in the bar?
Has Tom been seeing anybody?
Was Tom dating anyone?
Ask anyone.
Would anyone like some coffee?
It could happen to anyone.
I couldn't find anybody.
Have you met anyone yet?
Have you told anybody?
I haven't told anyone.
If you don't know what kind of mushroom it is, better not take it.
If you don't know what kind of mushroom it is, it's better not to take it.
He didn't wash for a week.
He didn't wash himself for a week.
Don't go walking in the park at night!
Don't walk in the park at night!
He jumped into the swimming pool.
Keep away from me, devil!
Nobody appreciates me.
Nobody asked me anything.
Nobody believes me.
Nobody can beat me.
Nobody can stop it.
Nobody can stop Tom.
Nobody has made a decision yet.
Nobody heard the bell ring.
Nobody heard Tom's screams.
Nobody here knows what Tom looks like.
Nobody here ordered a pizza.
Nobody hurt me.
Nobody invited me to the party.
Nobody is going to hurt you.
Nobody is going to stop me.
Nobody knows his name.
Nobody knows how I feel.
Nobody knows Tom like I know Tom.
Nobody knows what to say.
Nobody knew what to say.
Nobody lied.
Nobody lives there.
Nobody saw me.
Nobody told me you were here.
Nobody understands what's going on.
Nobody was expecting that.
Nobody was home.
Nobody's going to hire you.
Nobody's indispensable.
Nobody's killed me yet.
Nobody's looking for us.
Nobody's seen Tom.
The phone rang, but nobody answered it.
There's nobody home.
I'm trying to hold it!
It'll be hard for me to wake you up.
Ah, this is easy.
Nah, why bother fixing it.
I intend to live forever.
I don't know whether I'll purchase these or not.
I'm not planning to work on Monday.
I don't mean to add words of my own devising.
I didn't mean for you to get hurt.
Would that the trees might speak on behalf of all things that have roots, and punish those that wrong them!
I don't really care who wins.
I'm reluctant to leave.
Oh, that the Lord would guide my ways.
Everything will be lost now.
I'm hopeless!
Gotta go now, bye!
You ought to know.
You don't have to feel threatened.
You may sit down.
Show them what you can do! Go for it!
I'll race you to the car!
Sorry, I have other things to do.
Give that to me!
Do whatever you please!
Here, have some candy.
You better not open your mouth.
Indeed God exists.
Hmm ... God may or may not exist.
I don't believe God exists.
Yes, that's beautiful.
I disagree with that.
I should go now. Bye!
The president ought to be ashamed.
I have to go now. Bye!
Aha, go on, what happened next?
Eh, just a second, let me finish this.
La, la, la, I'm not listening.
Today is going to be a good day!
Yaaaawn... I'm going to bed.
That's none of my business.
Yuck, that smells like shit!
Okay, that will do.
No, that still doesn't satisfy me.
Very good! You did an excellent job.
Speaking objectively, math can be confusing for 1st graders.
Hm, the picture is hanging crooked.
Yay! We're gonna win!
We demand a raise!
Go away, I want to be alone!
Ah, you're a true friend.
Damn you, you always have good luck!
Yes, I lived there for many years.
I have no idea how much they are paying for that.
Oh, no! The tiger is back!
Heh, the teacher won't find us here.
This way, Sir, if you please.
Get your ass over here, you idiot!
You're evil.
Look Mummy, I can read!
Oh, *I* mopped only some part of the floor.
Oops, I posted the message to the wrong newsgroup.
I'll go with you to see the doctor.
Clearly!
Careful! The floor is slippery.
Charge!
OK, try again.
So, what drove you to do it?
Damn, the elephants are blocking my way!
Ah, this is the life!
I followed the law.
Where is my son?
Ouch! My eyes hurt.
Hah, that proves I was right!
Snif, Rover was a good dog.
Wow, there are seven people here!
Wow, that dog is really talented!
Pshaw, is that the best you can do?
Heh, heh, he said "arsehole".
Yawn, that's enough for today.
I'm coming to your rescue!
Erm, may I stay here?
Oh no, I'm not going in there.
Sorry, I wasn't paying attention.
Yeah, I just stepped on your foot. What are you going to do about it?
Ah, so *that*'s your sister.
Huh? How is that relevant?
Oo, that's cold!
So what's new?
Everything was perfect, just as I expected.
Yay, I went to the store!
Sigh, this used to be a nice neighbourhood.
Phew, that was a long sentence!
Oh, you almost hit it.
Oh you poor thing! I'll get you a blanket.
Mwa, ha, ha, ha, ha! Your soul will be mine!
My name is Soundararajan.
I am a poor man.
I expect that in the far future, you will know about every day.
Oh yeah, I remember now.
Are frogs reptiles? I don't expect them to be mammals.
Me and Tal's recent discussion prompted me to ask you. I expect cats to taste better than dogs. Agree?
Where near Austin do you live? Probably near UT.
You probably live in South Carolina.
In my experience, it is possible for me to speak quickly with pauses between every word.
We should admit to ourselves that this sentence is just ill-formed.
Our newest pocket computers are smarter than the people we sell them to.
Let's face it: this sentence is simply bad.
Whose car is it, do you know?
Will they arrive here tomorrow?
Are you seeing anybody?
Why do dentists feel obligated to talk to you while they have a handful of sharp objects in your mouth?
Thus, the ethical issue remains: Should cigarette makers be allowed to target global markets?
Major life changes, such as changes in income level or legal and financial issues, can also create mental and physical feelings of stress and anxiety, which can overload the ability to function well.
I don't think he is right.
I don't think she is right.
Marafon will turn one hundred years next year.
I sneeze all the time.
They all called him Penguin, due to him being short and fat.
She has plenty of friends in the United States.
I gave him a grammar book.
I gave him two cakes and asked, "Are you going to eat them both?"
Enjoy the party until the end!
Recess ended.
We all stood up.
He's better than me at math.
There wasn't even a speck of dust on the table.
I don't know what to tell you.
You could have killed me, but you didn't.
You're not my father.
I could have killed you, but I didn't.
I'm not from this world.
You're very smart.
Tom loves Mary.
I'm really old.
I'm a great singer.
This is my brother's.
The water was too hot yesterday.
I'm always sneezing.
I'm sneezing all the time.
The Firefighters' Ball continues to be among the most highly regarded of the parties that celebrate July in France.
That's my teacher.
We have an elevator and a private bathroom.
We have an elevator and a private bath.
Every person is unique.
Every person is special.
Everyone is unique.
Everyone is special.
When you go to play at a friend's house, you need to be well behaved and obedient.
The bank robbers killed everyone but Tom.
Why's everyone calling me Tom?
Why's everybody so quiet?
Why's everyone whispering?
I talked to everybody.
Be polite to everyone.
I'm going to tell everybody.
Tom kissed everyone in the room.
Tom knows everybody.
Tom seems to know just about everybody.
Tom waves to everyone.
Sometimes it seems that everybody hates me.
Good evening, everyone.
If you do that, everyone's going to hate you.
Just about everyone came.
I know everybody here.
There isn't room for everyone.
Where's everybody else?
Where's everyone going?
Where's everybody?
Where's everyone else?
Almost everyone was late.
I get along with everybody.
Is everybody having a good time?
What's everybody looking at?
Is everybody okay?
Is everybody ready?
Is everyone all right?
What's everyone staring at?
How's everybody doing?
Everyone around here likes Tom.
Everybody at school hates me.
Everyone at the party was drinking wine.
Everybody but Tom is already here.
Everyone but Tom is wearing a hat.
Everybody but Tom smiled.
Everyone changes.
Everyone cheered.
Everybody's dead.
Everybody has already left.
Everybody has secrets.
Everybody's having a good time.
Everyone here likes Tom.
Everybody's here.
Everybody's home.
Everyone ignored Tom.
Everybody in the audience sang along.
Everyone in the classroom was coughing.
Everyone in the office knew about Tom's problems.
Everyone is exhausted.
Everyone is gone now.
Everyone is here.
Everyone is in the living room watching TV.
Everyone is scared.
Everyone is silent.
Everyone is tired.
Everyone is waiting for Tom.
Everyone is waiting in the other room.
Everybody just stared at Tom.
Everybody knew Tom was dying.
Everyone knows that.
Everybody liked Tom.
Everyone liked Tom.
Everybody likes Tom.
Everybody likes you.
Everyone looked at Tom.
Everyone looked shocked.
Everyone looked unhappy.
Everyone looks worried.
Everybody loved Tom.
Everybody needs a hobby.
Everybody needs to calm down.
Everybody rushed towards Tom.
Everybody's safe.
Everybody saw it.
Everyone screamed.
Everyone seems to be nervous.
Everyone should have a hobby.
Everyone should know this.
Everyone smiled but Tom.
Everyone smiled.
Everyone stared at Tom.
Everybody started cheering.
Everyone started laughing.
Everybody started to leave.
Everybody thinks I'm dead.
Everybody's tired.
Everyone waited.
Everyone's watching.
Everyone worked very hard.
I found it difficult to make myself heard because of the noise.
At what time is the end of the world?
Are you expecting someone?
Are you looking for somebody?
Are you waiting for someone?
Can somebody give me a hand here?
Can someone give me a lift?
Can somebody help me?
Can somebody please help me?
Can someone help me, please?
Can someone open a window?
Could somebody get me a spoon?
Could someone hand me a knife?
Did I hear you talking to someone?
Did somebody call the police?
Did someone die?
Did somebody mention my name?
Does someone here know how to do this?
I had to tell somebody.
I have to find someone to help me.
I have to talk to somebody.
I have to tell someone.
I heard somebody talking.
I hired someone today.
I know somebody who can help us.
I know someone who can help you.
I know someone who lives in Boston.
I need somebody I can trust.
I need someone now.
I need someone who I can talk to.
I should have told someone.
I'd like to get married to someone like you.
I'd like to give this to somebody we can trust.
I'm meeting someone for dinner.
I've been looking for someone to babysit my children.
Is someone meeting us?
Is there someone with you?
Is Tom someone special?
It sounds like someone is crying.
There's somebody in the tunnel.
There's someone behind Tom.
There's someone here to see you.
There's someone hiding in the closet.
They hired someone else for the job.
Why didn't somebody call me?
Why didn't someone help Tom?
Why didn't somebody tell Tom?
Why didn't you call somebody?
Won't somebody please help me?
You look like somebody I went to high school with.
Someone broke into my house last weekend.
Someone cleaned my room while I was gone.
Somebody's coming up the stairs.
Someone cut the rope.
Someone gave Tom a car.
Somebody is here to see you, Tom.
Someone is watching us.
Somebody just called.
Somebody killed Tom.
Someone's knocking on the door.
Somebody made a mistake.
Somebody's made a mistake.
Someone might get hurt.
Someone opened the window.
Somebody ought to talk to Tom.
Somebody poisoned Tom.
Someone stole all my money.
Somebody stole it from me.
Somebody stole my car.
Someone stole Tom's guitar.
Someone took my place.
Somebody tried to kill me.
Someone turned the alarm off.
Somebody was in the house.
Someone who looks a lot like Tom is standing near the gate.
Mmm, hot chocolate!
I say my pipe is a non-pot pipe.
The work is hereby done.
I hereby pronounce that the two of you are mutual spouses.
I pronounce you husband and wife.
So, I dislike root beer.
Then you cannot be a cannibal.
Then you must be Argentinian.
So you know only English and Lojban.
I can hear the loud sound of rain. So it must be raining heavily.
Of all good properties, God is the entity that has the most of it. Existence is a good property. Hence, God is the entity that is the most existent of all.
Alcohol is the answer. I can't remember the question.
*Everything* should be doubted, I say.
I'm tired and hungry. Tomorrow I mustn't eat or drink for religious reasons.
Almost all men hate something, but I am very good at being patient.
In my opinion, the fact that we can't easily send the zeroth one should be a reason for us not to try to send and sell the second one.
Presumably, none of the people are more than years old.
I am slightly ill, I assume.
I know internally that it stabbed my thumb. Something evil was coming close.
I was told that. E-mail, in particular.
They say that language is a virus from outer space.
I hear that the "rocks" on Titan are actually made of ice, not rock.
I see that you have a Greek name.
Apparently the present Taral is new.
The pile of garbage is as big as Mount Everest.
To be precise, I go, because I am forced to.
To put it mildly, the Moon is not small.
Now, it so happens that I'm afraid of flying.
As earlier mentioned, I was afraid.
A boy saw a dog. And then this child got happy because of the dog.
Broadly construed, it's, uh, slightly useful.
But most computer users know 'a little' English.
I'm going to bed for real.
Aha, Bancus, I thought that the boat for carrying you were in fact sail-powered.
This so-called "evil" is something that is thought up by minds who do not understand the dark self.
Again, hello.
I told you, I disagree.
Furthermore, in order to defeat Ganon, Link mends the eight scattered fragments of the triforce of wisdom, in order to have the magic triangle.
My sister lives in Boston, hence, I'll likely visit the area.
What's happening in Ukraine will probably result in peace, however.
That's probably not so.
But it is unlikely that something is strange to everyone in every way.
Shane, who goes off and on attending the computer, is obviously crazy.
Clearly, Lojban is easier than Postscript.
Of course, I haven't seen all marijuana users. But marijuana use causes temporary stupidity. Everyone knows that.
Right, I see. But it's complicated.
For instance, people who physically have to have alcohol can die from not drinking.
A few people (I'm not telling who) have not cleaned up the room.
I ate different fruits like apples and bananas and such. I also ate two potatoes.
My unbiased opinion is that the movie is awful.
Of course I'm biased, but Lojban really is quite good.
You are asking about something that is the reason for something happening in the future, and/or a usage. What is that reason, and is it for something happening in the future, a usage, or both?
But the sad things don't go away. They never do. Why is that so?
What are you talking about?!
Above all, the translation exercises at the end of each chapter are.
The lawgivers wanted women to work in traditionally male occupations. Equally importantly, the lawgivers wanted men to work in traditionally female occupations.
Incidentally, I know that "rlpowell" is not a Lojban name.
To be precise, I drank red wine.
Okay. To be precise, it is understanding the flaws that I don't.
Roughly speaking, a doctor repairs people.
Simply put, a human being is an aggregate of many cells.
Furthermore, each cell in the human body belongs to one out of many classes.
By the way, are you called Robin as well?
By the way, I am eating a bean stew right now.
But back to the point; I now understand the word "material". I suggest using "vehicle door".
In short, try Dict.
In detail, I'm considering the meaning of the command "exist somewhat".
In other words, you agree with *me*?
To rephrase, why did you say an address?
You are feeling very tired. Yes, you are feeling very tired.
On the one hand, the place is cheap. On the other hand, it's too hot.
On the other hand, my fingers usually get numb when I haven't slept well.
Do you feel like dancing?
I don't know what this is.
Please don't tell anyone where I am.
That's right, yes.
Languages differ in how many basic colour terms they have.
You ought to decide whether or not you want to go.
Monday is the first day, Tuesday is the second day, and so on.
What do you believe of "pelmeni"? No, I don't know such word.
What do you believe of "pelmeni"? Nothing, I don't know such word.
I have an intense "burning" pain in my eyes.
It takes literally a minute to make the sauce.
This is a silly example, i.e. it exemplifies something silly.
This is an example of something silly. A silly example, we might say.
He hems and haws. "It's different," he finally says.
Tom is a millionaire.
They think I'm a millionaire.
You don't look like a millionaire.
Many of Tom's clients are millionaires.
Tom is a billionaire, not a millionaire.
You're not really a millionaire, are you?
Tom always dreamed of being a multi-millionaire.
Everyone who worked on that project became a millionaire.
Which table?
I see, you were joking.
I understand, you were joking.
Is this enough?
Apples are good for your health, and, in addition, they taste great.
I too like apples.
A hungry bear will eat even insects.
I'm leaving now, but I'll be back in a while.
I was just saying the very same thing to John.
I took a book from John and gave another one to Jane.
I read only the first translation.
I try to destroy an object using just my mind.
The only thing is, unicorns don't exist.
We know that we are closer to monkeys than to rodents. Similarly cats and dogs are closer to one another than to cows or pigs.
Thank you, friend. You are fair and just.
There is no god.
I'm just puttering here by myself, fixing my computer.
I finished building my Gundam model. I feel so lonely.
Stupid brain! Why is saying "galxe" so very difficult with a sore throat?
I did it, through much hard work, though it took but little thought.
I am so lonely I think I'm going to cry.
I don't care that I don't have an opinion.
Yum, this food is delicious!
Gulp! The food is delicious, but I'm afraid of how expensive it's going to be.
You're faster than this. Don't just think you are, know you are.
Damn, she's HOT!
I love you, there's just no spark.
My father is a peasant.
I love you like a brother.
I'm happy now that you've arrived.
I don't love you any more; I'm sad.
I see the owner of what I believe to be a blue house.
There is only love and happiness in Scatland. Hatred and resentment? Well that's unheard of. It's unheard of.
It's not here.
This is not enough.
Heh heh, not enough.
Ahh, I like Lojbanic conversation.
Drink most, which will definitely sate you, of the coffee.
Uhhh, Shoulsen quickly exceeded. You win. Yay you!
Ugh, my internet hates me.
I'm late with my period.
Pepe felt his life crumbling down at his feet.
Does using Emacs (which is probably easy for you) cause you to have weak fingers?
I despite a startling lack of evidence, I believe I may be able to repair my computer with much difficulty.
I'm talking to you, my peers.
Get your meat right into my office, you maggot.
Where's your father now?
Talking about films, why don't we go to the cinema tonight?
They're original. Go ahead, smell them. They smell original.
Thanks to life.
This day, the living shall envy the dead.
The truth shall be revealed to you.
Prepare yourselves, for the end is near.
My wish is to know the meaning of life.
The compass points north because of the attractive force exerted by the Earth on that direction.
What is music for you, listener, and for you, performer?
Words left unsaid are like presents left undelivered.
I want to show you my box of undelivered presents.
I can't whistle.
She was dressed up in black.
That is my priority at the moment.
Mary, as always, is inimitable!
I am going to keep your secret.
I'm going to keep your secret.
The king did not see the end of the monarchy coming.
What's the point of my knowing three foreign languages if no-one listens to me?
What's the point of my knowing three foreign languages if I don't know what to say?
His criticism only referred to incidental matters.
They took part in the assembly.
She took part in the assembly.
He took part in the assembly.
I took part in the assembly.
We took part in the assembly.
He doesn't remember me anymore.
Answer as soon as possible!
Well, of course, I would never doubt that my coach is right.
What happened to me? Am I sick?
A joke is a serious matter.
He can run meters in less than twelve seconds.
I don't mean to be unsociable, but I'm tired.
He translates faster than others read.
They liked to play in the snow.
He doesn't have very much money on him.
Tom's not into mathematics.
It's impossible to see Rome in a day.
The war had ended.
The patient can't keep his food down.
Can you lend me your car, as a favor?
This issue should be voted on.
Look! It's snowing!
That's my intention.
This is my intention.
The world began without man and shall end without him.
I have the honor of working with Tom.
The e-mail from Alice, who must be you, got read.
Oh geez, I'm not sure, but I think I ate too much.
Eimi, you assume it's possible when you find the truth, which is impossible.
Hey! Everybody get in line! Follow me!
Hey, I was trying to familiarly greet you.
No worries, you aren't ready to talk about the company, which is useful.
That's the response to my question!
Corn... ah... is the plant containing edible portions.
Okay, yes, ehm... it's not a well-known rule, though, you see.
We, by ourselves, are able to, without a typical crab.
However, the coffee (mildly delicious) machine is always permitted for use. Yay, but ugh for caffeine!
I said something wrong ... eff me.
Hey, could you tell a story about it tomorrow? I'm very interested, and I hope you can.
Read it. I recall, you protested quite virtuously the fact that the lojbanologists had discussions in English.
I love my city.
Seriously, I postulate that I am, right after my ex-girlfriend leaves my house, going to talk to myself in Lojban.
No. I don't find that very funny.
Holy fucking shit! My old ex is a thief!
That's so awful! You poor thing! What are you ill with?
I'm not asleep, meh.
I'm not certain if Lojban is a rational language, but I am very sure that Lojbanists are habitually not rational people.
Ehhh, I hope I'm not interrupting anything ...
Do you feel competent about us presenting our argument in English?
Such as?
Do you agree that in a set with is a set with one member?
Heh, Camgusmis said "Lobjan".
I am mildly annoyed about just spending a while controlling my mother's computer with VNC, then with ssh.
Agh. I waited for a long time for the receipt of a present from my mother. However, it's very problematic.
Hahaha! Do you want to kill all flies?
Pardon me, ma'am. - Yes?
I'm not staying to listen to this! Have a nice day!
Welcome, John! We were waiting for you.
Grr! Avoid not, unwelcome evil and cowardly beast!
It is not my name.
A space is missing here between these two words.
A polar bear is a rectangular bear after a coordinate transform.
The scales of this fish shine with the light.
Are we mad squirrels?
Tom doesn't like chess.
I'm innocent, I swear.
He tends to ask a lot of questions.
I think he was speaking Latin.
Anybody can do this.
Above the moon, everything is eternal; below, there is nothing save mortality.
Do you know she's in the church?
I'd like to learn Russian, but my friends tell me it's difficult.
Don't speak too loud. You'll wake her up.
He has trouble waking up on time.
He was my student. Now he teaches my children.
A hurricane destroyed Tom's house.
I urgently need to go to the bathroom.
I suggest putting a comma here.
The books and documents are scattered all over your sister's room!
Do you know where she went?
It looks like the world didn't end on December 21st after all.
It is necessary to make the study of languages easier.
It all started with a dream.
It all started with an idea.
It all started with a well-intentioned experiment.
It all started in this place.
It all started in this lab.
It all started on a stormy day.
It all started on a January morning.
It all started on a gloomy night.
It all started that day.
It all started the day I was born.
It all started the day I became ten years old.
He put the final coat of paint on the wall.
I don't want to sour his relationship with the company by fining him for misconduct just before he's due to leave.
'Managing' simply means taking the blame for everyone's mistakes.
Trying to juggle two jobs at once is an almost impossible task.
Many working mothers struggle to balance their home and work lives.
I thought that working in a Japanese company would improve my Japanese, but it has only served to show me how far I still have to go.
Our exhibitions are always produced with trilingual labels.
In our company the official language of business is Japanese.
All materials must be produced trilingually to meet the needs of our customers.
Most of the people working here are bilingual, trilingual and multilingual.
'Technical difficulties' is never a good-enough excuse for failures to deliver.
Some people prize meeting the deadline over producing the highest standard of work.
It's important to train your staff in correct telephone etiquette as they often create the first impression of your company.
An awareness of international relations is more important now that it has ever been.
We should raise our children as 'global citizens'.
Homeschooling is growing in popularity.
Homeschooling is still illegal in Germany.
I believe that education should be secular, not rooted in religion.
During a stopover of more than hours most airlines will provide some vouchers for food or accommodation.
Should spending time abroad be made an integral part of every child's education?
Do you prefer to watch subbed or dubbed TV?
In many countries it is normal for all television programmes to have subtitles.
Hey, John, look at this.
At ease, soldiers.
Oh, I found it, nevermind.
What did you say? I didn't hear.
All right, we heard you the first time.
Thank you very much! It's beautiful.
I've found it myself, no thanks to you!
Hi, I'm the King of the Universe.
Hi, John. - I'm not John.
What's your location? Over.
And what did they tell me?
I promise I'll be back in less than an hour.
I'll do my best to get it for you, but I don't promise anything.
I promise I won't complain again today. Umm... I better take that back. This stinks!
Please don't feed the animals.
Yes? What were you looking for?
Just wait a minute, please.
Excuse me, could someone tell me where the bathroom is?
Could you please open a window? - Sure.
Come here doggie.
You're like a machine.
Judaism is not the opposite of Christianity.
I see that Volapük is a good language.
I would like to know as well.
I would also like to know.
I also wanted to know.
I wanted to know as well.
The people he lives with in London will be coming to visit me.
Larger cars use more gas.
In the long run we are all dead.
What? What is it? What's the matter?
An explosion blew the house apart.
Some holy men affected sackcloth and ashes.
The administration effected a change in compensation policy that affected all the workers.
My sentences are not sacrosanct.
Tatoeba's corpus is heterogeneous in many dimensions.
Purity is at best an approximation.
When a word is borrowed from another language, it frequently begins by having the same meaning; but with continued use in both languages, the now separate words may accrete disparate connotations.
When trade prohibitions are resisted by any substantial minority, black markets develop.
There's a whole lot of shaking going on.
Is the fax a modern form of the telegraph?
I don't attend more often, not because I'm not interested, but because I can't find the time.
It's not because I'm not interested that I attend so seldom, but because I don't find the time; and it's not that there's really not enough time, but that I don't manage it well.
The Torres Strait divides New Guinea from Australia.
Never write the words "bortsch" and "shchi" in German!
The English Channel is the divide between Britain and Europe.
The Bering Strait separates Asia from North America.
The Celebes and Sulu Seas separate the Indonesian Archipelago and the Philippines.
You can put me in jail, but you cannot give me narrower quarters than as a seaman I have always had; you cannot give me coarser food than as a seaman I have always eaten; you cannot make me lonelier than as a seaman I have always been.
Thank you very much, everyone.
Thank you very much, everybody.
No good deed goes unpunished.
Luck is a part of life.
Samples are acquired from an analog-to-digital converter at interrupt level and written to one of two ping-pong buffers. When one buffer fills, the interrupt handler switches to the other and sets a flag for the full buffer to be written to disk.
Oblivia knows a good deal less than she thinks.
The cheapest of nepenthes are often the most corrosive.
Dead-end jobs are not only unlikely to be lucrative over the long haul, they're unlikely to provide much scope for talent.
Bad manners shade imperceptibly into crime: both have their roots in an absence of concern for others.
I like cookies.
Jane is fun to be with.
I encourage you to be good and diligent.
Skydiving is not my idea of fun.
Mountaineering is not my idea of a good time.
A good time was had by all.
We all had a fine time that day.
Isometric exercise is good for muscle tone, but doesn't provide much of a cardiovascular workout.
In the Pleistocene the Sunda Platform, which today underlies the Java Sea, was dry land.
How come we're not doing better?
It's not for nothing that mathematicians use the phrase "necessary and sufficient."
Make sure the brain is engaged before putting the mouth in gear.
Opaque? Not at all. Intuitively obvious to the most casual observer.
Four score and seven years ago our fathers brought forth on this continent a new nation, conceived in liberty and dedicated to the proposition that all men are created equal.
This horse stands fifteen hands and weighs seventy stone.
Negating the assertion requires a negative augend, but all augends are products of factors on the unit interval.
They took to the field with all the panoply of modern warfare.
How many soldiers did you see?
How many were they?
How many were there?
Less is less than more, and more is more than less.
That sumbitch work for the gummint?
No trace of Napoleon's waltz across Europe appears in the pastoral novels of Jane Austen.
Trace elements of proven dietary importance do not include polonium-210.
Even thin sheets of Americium-can sustain a chain reaction.
This soup is really delicious, isn't it?
This soup is really delicious, right?
Get out of here! I'll do it myself.
Today both of you are staying home.
Don't let the dog sleep in our bed.
I wouldn't want to get thrown into a situation like that.
I wouldn't want to get caught up in a situation like that.
My tooth is making me suffer horribly.
My tooth is giving me unbelievable pain.
She uses cheap makeup.
So what are you suggesting?
So what do you suggest?
The director reprimanded you.
And who claimed it would be easy?
And who said it would be easy?
And what if your son was like that?
And what if your child was like that?
Well, what?
And if so, what then?
Do you know how much it cost me?
The members of the family had grave doubts regarding the explanation they received from the army.
The family had grave doubts regarding the explanation they got from the army.
The family had grave doubts regarding the explanation it received from the army.
I eat everything.
I'm eating everything.
I tried not to look into her eyes.
Sorry, but that's not what I ordered.
The stomach pains went away.
He thinks I'm in love with her.
In fact, I was born in Boston.
I'll write you or call you next week.
Not only the workers, but also their wives, sisters, mothers, and daughters older than four are being cruelly exploited.
The lake water is very cold.
Now what will all the idiots believe who remained alive?
When all was said and done, the world was not destroyed on December 21, 2012.
I can't do it alone. You have to help me.
He remained silent the whole time.
Stay positive.
We've been through three wars.
We've endured three wars.
What is your field of study, your domain of inquiry, your major interest?
Everything will work out on schedule.
I want to do some bass fishing, but I don't know what to use for bait.
My friends don't pay attention to me anymore.
We need to make up for lost time.
I wanted to know, too.
I could stand no more.
I was unable to stand any longer.
This is discrimination!
Let's not forget human rights.
Man spends his life in reasoning on the past, in complaining of the present, in fearing future.
The street was full of advertisements.
I cannot do it alone. You need to help me.
He thinks that I am in love with her.
I have like tiny pebbles in my boots.
Have you bought your Christmas gifts yet?
The human soul is built such that a lie works upon it a hundred times better than the truth does.
To laugh at everything that is done or said is stupid, but not to laugh is even more foolish.
Those who chase two rabbits at once will catch neither.
What have you bought your girlfriend for Christmas?
"Christmas is not tomorrow, it's today!""No, it's tomorrow!"
That might look like you're giving yourself a gift.
You eat lobster for Christmas? Are you serious?
What should I buy my dad for Christmas? A tie maybe?
I'm not sure what size she wears.
You should buy her a gift card instead.
The news on TV never tells the whole story.
She is at church right now.
If for some reason I don't make it, go alone.
Are you familiar with the new song yet?
Do you already know the new song?
Made in Russia.
Even if only one Russian hamlet were to remain, Russia would revive.
A person who chases two rabbits won't catch either.
"Why?" "Why not?"
"You slept with her!" "I did not."
Did you spend the night with her?
He twirled his mustache.
You slept with her?
Are you sleeping with her?
You screwed her?
I shouldn't have slept with her.
Did you sleep with her?
She slept with her boss.
What do you mean, you slept with her?
Did you sleep with that woman?
How many people have you slept with?
I haven't actually slept with him.
Not tonight.
Time passes too quickly!
Fame doesn't always go hand in hand with success.
Fame isn't always accompanied with success.
Fame and success don't always walk hand in hand.
He lives in a suburb of London.
He lives in a London suburb.
Two years ago, in the Atlantic Ocean, parts of the crashed plane were found.
Ostriches cannot fly.
When you want to sell hot dogs in the ball park, you pay a concession fee to the ball-park's owner. When you want to profit from selling in the European Economic Community market, you pay what to whom?
Let me buy this car.
Do you know how many in the world starve to death every year?
Shall I tell them the truth?
He sang a song to lighten the atmosphere.
When will she get home?
Have you seen my passport?
It was mortifying. They laughed at me.
I love my tiger duck. He is quiet, but loyal.
I'm looking for my passport. Have you seen it?
I'm looking for my keys. Have you seen them?
I'm looking for my wallet. Have you seen it?
Well, it is a done deal.
What the heck are you doing?
Tom told us not to do that anymore.
She suddenly kissed me.
I've lived here for years.
His opinion was the same as mine.
The label "foreigner" should never be based on skin colour, but on nationality.
What is the translation of "政務顧問"?
The tongue has no bones but is strong enough to break hearts.
Tom blew Mary a kiss, got into his car and drove away.
Tom was talking on the phone when Mary walked into the room.
I wouldn't have expected it to be that tall.
I've come to accept that my parents were Santa. Though I still don't understand how they made it to all the houses in one night.
The moon circles the earth.
I bought a new t-shirt yesterday.
The parking lot in the back of the school is almost empty.
The parking lot in front of the bank was completely full.
Tom parked his car in the driveway just behind Mary's car.
Tom parked the truck across the street from Mary's place.
Maybe we can find someplace to park further up the street.
There is a police car parked outside our house.
I'm not your enemy.
The soldiers went back to the town without any hope.
Thus saith Cyrus king of Persia: All the kingdoms of the earth hath the Lord, the God of heaven, given me; and He hath charged me to build Him a house in Jerusalem, which is in Judah. Whosoever there is among you of all His people, the Lord his God be with him, let him go up.
What time is it over there?
What's the time on your side?
Someone came in his classroom and flashed a picture and he wasn't very happy about that.
I'm in denial.
I drove the car into the garage.
The issue is proceeding at a snail's pace.
This song is too beautiful.
I'm testing it now.
Esperanto is a huge expansion of my horizon.
Who's missing?
We're adults.
We're back.
We're bored.
We're broke.
We're brothers.
We're celebrating.
We're cousins.
We're dating.
We're defenseless.
We're desperate.
We're different.
We're divorced.
We're early.
We're experienced.
We're fine.
We're friends.
We're grateful.
We're helpless.
We're honeymooning.
We're journalists.
We're kidding.
We're late.
We're losing.
We're lost.
We're partners.
We're ready.
We're safe.
We're separated.
We're serious.
We're sinking.
We're sorry.
We're stalled.
We're stuck.
We're tired.
We're trapped.
We're twins.
We're winners.
We're winning.
Tom's adopted.
Tom's afraid.
Tom's alert.
Tom's alive.
Tom's alone.
Tom's amazed.
Tom's amazing.
Tom's amused.
Tom's angry.
Tom's annoyed.
Tom's anxious.
Tom's arrived.
Tom's asleep.
Tom's awake.
Tom's bleeding.
Tom's bluffing.
Tom's bored.
Tom's brilliant.
Tom's Canadian.
Tom's changed.
Tom's charming.
Tom's cheating.
Tom's cheerful.
Tom's choking.
Tom's comfortable.
Tom's coming.
Tom's concerned.
Tom's confessed.
Tom's confused.
Tom's conscious.
Tom's convinced.
Tom's cooking.
Tom's correct.
Tom's crazy.
Tom's crying.
Tom's dangerous.
Tom's dead.
Tom's deaf.
Tom's defensive.
Tom's defiant.
Tom's dehydrated.
Tom's delirious.
Tom's delusional.
Tom's dependable.
Tom's desperate.
Tom's devastated.
Tom's diabetic.
Tom's died.
Tom's different.
Tom's disappointed.
Tom's divorced.
Tom's downstairs.
Tom's dreaming.
Tom's drowning.
Tom's drunk.
Tom's dying.
Tom's early.
Tom's eating.
Tom's eavesdropping.
Tom's elderly.
Tom's embarrassed.
Tom's engaged.
Tom's escaped.
Tom's excited.
Tom's fainted.
Tom's famous.
Tom's fast.
Tom's fat.
Tom's fearless.
Tom's filthy.
Tom's finished.
Tom's flaky.
Tom's frantic.
Tom's free.
Tom's friendly.
Tom's frightened.
Tom's funny.
Tom's furious.
Tom's glad.
Tom's gone.
Tom's great.
Tom's greedy.
Tom's grieving.
Tom's grinning.
Tom's groggy.
Tom's guilty.
Tom's hallucinating.
Tom's harmless.
Tom's headstrong.
Tom's healthy.
Tom's helping.
Tom's helpless.
Tom's here.
Tom's hilarious.
Tom's home.
Tom's homeless.
Tom's homesick.
Tom's hungover.
Tom's hungry.
Tom's hurt.
Tom's hyperventilating.
Tom's hysterical.
Tom's illiterate.
Tom's imaginative.
Tom's important.
Tom's impressed.
Tom's incompetent.
Tom's injured.
Tom's innocent.
Tom's innovative.
Tom's insane.
Tom's interested.
Tom's interesting.
Tom's joking.
Tom's laughing.
Tom's leaving.
Tom's left.
Tom's limping.
Tom's listening.
Tom's lonely.
Tom's lucky.
Tom's lying.
Tom's mad.
Tom's married.
Tom's mean.
Tom's miserable.
Tom's missing.
Tom's mistaken.
Tom's outside.
Tom's overwhelmed.
Tom's packing.
Tom's painting.
Tom's panicked.
Tom's panicking.
Tom's paralyzed.
Tom's polite.
Tom's pushy.
Tom's repulsive.
Tom's resigned.
Tom's resting.
Tom's retired.
Tom's returned.
Tom's right.
Tom's sad.
Tom's safe.
Tom's scared.
Tom's screaming.
Tom's sensible.
Tom's serious.
Tom's shot.
Tom's shy.
Tom's sick.
Tom's silent.
Tom's sincere.
Tom's singing.
Tom's skiing.
Tom's sleeping.
Tom's smart.
Tom's smiling.
Tom's smoking.
Tom's sniffling.
Tom's snoring.
Tom's sorry.
Tom's stalling.
Tom's stoned.
Tom's stranded.
Tom's strange.
Tom's strict.
Tom's strong.
Tom's studying.
Tom's stupid.
Tom's suffering.
Tom's suffocating.
Tom's surprised.
Tom's suspicious.
Tom's sweating.
Tom's swimming.
Tom's terrific.
Tom's terrified.
Tom's thirsty.
Tom's thirty.
Tom's thirtyish.
Tom's thrilled.
Tom's tipsy.
Tom's tired.
Tom's tough.
Tom's trapped.
Tom's troubled.
Tom's ugly.
Tom's unarmed.
Tom's uncomfortable.
Tom's unconscious.
Tom's undefeated.
Tom's uneasy.
Tom's unhappy.
Tom's unharmed.
Tom's unreliable.
Tom's unscrupulous.
Tom's unstable.
Tom's unstoppable.
Tom's unsure.
Tom's up.
Tom's upset.
Tom's upstairs.
Tom's violent.
Tom's waiting.
Tom's wasted.
Tom's watching.
Tom's weak.
Tom's weird.
Tom's well.
Tom's wicked.
Tom's winning.
Tom's working.
Tom's worried.
Tom's wounded.
Tom's wrong.
Tom's yelling.
Tom's young.
Watch carefully.
Watch closely.
Watch yourselves.
We apologize.
We lost.
We overslept.
We promised.
We remember.
We surrendered.
We survived.
We talked.
We volunteered.
We waited.
We won.
We'll dance.
We'll help.
We'll manage.
We'll rebuild.
We'll share.
We'll survive.
We'll try.
We'll wait.
We'll win.
Han shot first!
Thanks for everything.
Thank you for everything.
I received a book in Dutch.
Tom has Windows 7.
Languages act as distorting mirrors: one is more prone to hearing languages that one speaks.
He finally arrived.
Supper tastes better with a pinch of salt.
All the kids were dancing.
The more the devil has, the more he wants.
I'd like to rent a bus.
I hardly have any money.
We don't have all afternoon.
We don't have all day.
I'll go to London.
He's from Lisbon.
Do you know the meaning of "climate refugee"?
Kiss me if you really love me.
Since this isn't your native language, I'd suggest unowning this sentence, leaving it free for a native speaker to adopt. This way we can all be confident that it's a good sentence.
This should be reverted back to the original.
I’d suggest making this into two sentences.
I’d suggest a comma.
I'd suggest removing the comma.
I'd suggest inserting a comma.
I've unlinked the Japanese sentence since it didn't have the same meaning as this sentence.
These and perhaps other sentences need to be removed from the corpus. They are from a copyrighted book.
I'd suggest the following change.
I filled up the vase with water.
The capital of Hungary is Budapest.
To tell you the truth, I've been scolded by my mom.
We should discuss this topic in more detail at the next meeting.
If you have the time you are welcome to make use of and contribute to the Tatoeba project.
Negligence is a type of damage or offense.
Sit comfortably.
Dear passengers! The Minsk City Council and the Executive Committee of the City of Minsk cordially send their greetings on the occasion of the Nativity of Christ and the new year and wish you happiness, health and well-being.
There’s class warfare all right, but it’s my class, the rich class, that’s making war, and we’re winning.
I'll go to Tokyo by train.
I took it as a joke and did not answer.
I am married and I have a daughter.
The situation is a lot worse than we imagined.
Listening to the personal analysis about global economy made by people who watch only CCAV has always been kinda funny.
My wife has cooked a delicious meal.
It seems interesting.
Just imagine: he is a doctor, and yet he is a smoker.
Maybe I could like this.
What time are you guys going to the theater?
"I told you, I like to be alone." "So do I! Let's do it together!"
He who knows several languages gets more from the world.
In the Arctic there are no penguins.
The union is striving for shorter working hours.
As a result of the weak economy, the working week at VW was reduced by hours.
This way we can shorten the distance.
Life is interesting.
This is just a hypothesis.
What is the basis of your assumptions?
Reactionary groups were overthrown by the people.
Where there is asphalt, there is nothing interesting, but where it's interesting, there is no asphalt.
The heroic deed is an act of the man frightened to death.
To what extent was Igor wrong calling her "mercantile"?
Let's try to swim against the current.
You are so formal.
Watch yourselves!
Tom's older.
Tom's impossible.
Tom waited.
Tom volunteered.
Tom snores.
Tom sighed.
Tom paid.
Tom moaned.
Tom looked.
Tom listened.
Tom laughed.
Tom knows.
Tom knits.
Tom jumped.
Tom insisted.
Tom inhaled.
Tom hesitated.
Tom helped.
Tom grumbled.
Tom groaned.
Tom grinned.
Tom graduated.
Tom gloated.
Tom giggled.
Tom gasped.
Tom fought.
Tom forgot.
Tom flinched.
Tom finished.
Tom fainted.
Tom failed.
Tom exhaled.
Tom exaggerates.
Tom escaped.
Tom enlisted.
Tom drowned.
Tom drove.
Tom drives.
Tom drinks.
Tom dozed.
Tom danced.
Tom cried.
Tom coughed.
Tom confessed.
Tom clapped.
Tom chuckled.
Tom cheats.
Tom cheated.
Tom called.
Tom burped.
Tom blinked.
Tom approved.
Tom apologized.
Tom answered.
Tom agrees.
Tom agreed.
This'll work.
This'll help.
This'll do.
This works.
This stinks.
Things changed.
Things change.
Things break.
They've left.
They've gone.
They've changed.
They're wrong.
They're worried.
They're working.
They're wonderful.
They're weird.
They're weak.
They're watching.
They're waiting.
They're useless.
They're upstairs.
They're unreliable.
They're unpredictable.
They're unconscious.
They're ugly.
They're twins.
They're trying.
They're trapped.
They're traitors.
They're Tom's.
They're tired.
They're surprised.
They're students.
They're strong.
They're staying.
They're spies.
They're special.
They're smiling.
They're small.
They're similar.
They're separated.
They're secretive.
They're scared.
They're safe.
They're right.
They're rich.
They're ready.
They're quiet.
They're outside.
They're old.
They're nice.
They're new.
They're mistaken.
They're mine.
They're married.
They're lovely.
They're listening.
They're leaving.
They're laughing.
They're late.
They're kissing.
They're kids.
They're kidding.
They're jittery.
They're involved.
They're interested.
They're incredible.
They're impressed.
They're immune.
They're idiots.
They're identical.
They're horrible.
They're home.
They're hollow.
They're hiding.
They're harmless.
They're green.
They're great.
They're gorgeous.
They're good.
They're going.
They're friends.
They're foreigners.
They're fools.
They're finished.
They're fine.
They're fighting.
They're fearless.
They're fast.
They're fantastic.
They're fake.
They're fabulous.
They're exhausted.
They're excellent.
They're evil.
They're everywhere.
They're escaping.
They're eggs.
They're early.
They're dying.
They're drunk.
They're downstairs.
They're done.
They're disposable.
They're different.
They're dead.
They're dangerous.
They're dancing.
They're cute.
They're creepy.
They're crazy.
They're cousins.
They're correct.
They're cops.
They're clean.
They're Christians.
They're carnations.
They're cannibals.
They're brown.
They're broke.
They're boys.
They're boring.
They're bluffing.
They're beautiful.
They're bad.
They're back.
They're babies.
They're asleep.
They're Asian.
They're arguing.
They're angry.
They're amused.
They're amazing.
They're alone.
They're alive.
They'll wait.
They'll understand.
They'll survive.
They'll starve.
They'll respond.
They'll remember.
They'll dance.
They'll come.
They'll call.
They'll attack.
They yelled.
They walked.
They waited.
They vanished.
They understood.
They tried.
They sweated.
They struggled.
They stopped.
They stood.
They smiled.
They screamed.
They relaxed.
They refused.
They obeyed.
They lost.
They lied.
They left.
They laughed.
They hugged.
They fell.
They escaped.
They embraced.
They disappeared.
They danced.
They cheered.
They cheat.
They canceled.
They called.
They burned.
They approve.
They applauded.
They agree.
That's wrong.
That's wasteful.
That's vulgar.
That's unreal.
That's unnecessary.
That's unlucky.
That's unlikely.
That's unfortunate.
That's unethical.
That's understandable.
That's ugly.
That's Tom.
That's thoughtful.
That's them.
That's theirs.
That's terrific.
That's sweet.
That's smart.
That's silly.
That's significant.
That's sensible.
That's scary.
That's sad.
That's remarkable.
That's reassuring.
That's reasonable.
That's realistic.
That's private.
That's preposterous.
That's possible.
That's personal.
That's pathetic.
That's outstanding.
That's outrageous.
That's OK.
That's offensive.
That's obscene.
That's normal.
That's nice.
That's irrelevant.
That's ironic.
That's insulting.
That's ingenious.
That's incredible.
That's incorrect.
That's impressive.
That's important.
That's immoral.
That's illegal.
That's humiliating.
That's huge.
That's horrible.
That's helpful.
That's free.
That's freaky.
That's fascinating.
That's fantastic!
That's extraordinary.
That's expensive.
That's excellent.
That's encouraging.
That's easy.
That's disturbing.
That's dishonest.
That's discouraging.
That's disappointing.
That's debatable.
That's dangerous.
That's cyanide.
That's cute.
That's cruel.
That's convenient.
That's confusing.
That's brilliant.
That's blackmail.
That's beautiful.
That's barbaric!
That's awful.
That's awesome.
That's appalling.
That's accurate.
That's absurd.
That'll work.
That'll last.
That'll help.
That'll do.
That'll change.
That works.
That worked.
That helped.
Tell Tom.
Tell everybody.
Taste this.
Take Tom.
Take this.
Take these.
Take precautions.
Take over.
Take mine.
Take everything.
Take cover!
Take control.
Take command.
Take action.
Stop trying.
Stop there.
Stop them.
Stop squabbling.
Stop shooting!
Stop pushing.
Stop overreacting.
Stop moving.
Stop lying.
Stop laughing.
Stop it.
Stop here.
Stop fighting!
Stop crying.
Stop complaining.
Stop babbling.
Stop arguing.
Stop apologizing.
Step forward.
Stay together.
Stay still.
Stay quiet.
Stay put.
Stay here.
Stay focused.
Stay cool.
Stay close.
Stay away.
Stay awake.
Stay alert.
Start writing.
Start singing.
Start running.
Start over.
Start now.
Start here.
Start counting.
Start again.
Stand still!
Stand by.
Stand aside!
Something's different.
Something's changed.
Something's burning.
Something's beginning.
Something changed.
Someone's there.
Someone's talking.
Someone's singing.
Someone's shooting.
Someone's missing.
Someone's knocking.
Someone's humming.
Someone's calling.
Someone screamed.
Someone coughed.
Somebody's here.
Somebody laughed.
Somebody intervened.
Somebody called.
Somebody answered.
Sleep tight.
Sit there.
Sit still.
Sit here.
Sing along.
Sign this.
Shove over.
Settle down!
Seize him!
School's out.
Say something.
Say please.
Say nothing.
Say hello.
Say goodbye.
Return immediately.
Return fire.
Replace it.
Please wait.
Please stop.
Please stay.
Please proceed.
Please listen.
Nothing's wrong.
Nothing's working.
Nothing's there.
Nothing's moving.
Nothing's missing.
Nothing's happening.
Nothing's free.
Nothing's changed.
Nothing's broken.
Nothing'll happen.
Nobody's volunteering.
Nobody's volunteered.
Nobody's there.
Nobody's moving.
Nobody's laughing.
Nobody's infallible.
Nobody's home.
Nobody's around.
Nobody'll know.
Nobody volunteers.
Nobody volunteered.
Nobody understands.
Nobody remembers.
Nobody listens.
Nobody cares.
Nobody called.
Nobody answered.
Memorize this.
Memorize it.
Love lasts.
Love hurts.
Loosen it.
Look here.
Look closer.
Look closely.
Look back.
Look away.
Look alive.
Look alert.
Look ahead.
Look again.
Let's vote.
Let's try.
Let's switch.
Let's see.
Let's review.
Let's investigate.
Let's drink.
Let's check.
Let's attack.
Leave town.
Leave tomorrow.
Leave Tom.
Leave everything.
Keep writing.
Keep working.
Keep warm.
Keep walking.
Keep this.
Keep them.
Keep that.
Keep talking.
Keep still.
Keep smiling.
Keep singing.
Keep searching.
Keep running.
Keep practicing.
Keep paddling.
Keep notes.
Keep moving.
Keep looking.
Keep going.
Keep focused.
Keep fighting.
Keep down.
Keep digging.
Keep dancing.
Keep cool.
Keep climbing.
Keep back.
Keep away.
Ignore them.
Ignore that.
Identify yourself.
I've remarried.
I've forgotten.
I've failed.
I've decided.
I've checked.
I've changed.
I'm yours.
I'm wounded.
I'm worried.
I'm working.
I'm wasted.
I'm waiting.
I'm vegetarian.
I'm unarmed.
I'm trying.
I'm trapped.
I'm touched.
I'm ticklish.
I'm through.
I'm thrilled.
I'm thirty.
I'm terrified.
I'm teasing.
I'm stubborn.
I'm staying.
I'm smart.
I'm single.
I'm ruined.
I'm retiring.
I'm restless.
I'm rested.
I'm responsible.
I'm resourceful.
I'm resigning.
I'm replaceable.
I'm remodeling.
I'm relaxed.
I'm reformed.
I'm quitting.
I'm psyched.
I'm prepared.
I'm positive.
I'm plastered.
I'm paying.
I'm optimistic.
I'm offended.
I'm observant.
I'm objective.
I'm neutral.
I'm nervous.
I'm naked.
I'm miserable.
I'm managing.
I'm lying.
I'm lucky.
I'm loyal.
I'm kidding.
I'm joking.
I'm irreplaceable.
I'm intrigued.
I'm interested.
I'm impressed.
I'm impatient.
I'm immune.
I'm hurt.
I'm homeless.
I'm home.
I'm here.
I'm guilty.
I'm grounded.
I'm grateful.
I'm glad.
I'm furious.
I'm fasting.
I'm fascinated.
I'm famished.
I'm engaged.
I'm early.
I'm downstairs.
I'm double-parked.
I'm dizzy.
I'm divorced.
I'm devastated.
I'm cooperating.
I'm convinced.
I'm confident.
I'm concerned.
I'm concentrating.
I'm comfortable.
I'm claustrophobic.
I'm celebrating.
I'm Canadian.
I'm bluffing.
I'm blind.
I'm bleeding.
I'm baffled.
I'm available.
I'm astonished.
I'm ashamed.
I'm armed.
I'm ambidextrous.
I'm alone.
I'm afraid.
I'm adopted.
I'm adaptable.
I'll walk.
I'll wait.
I'll understand.
I'll try.
I'll stay.
I'll start.
I'll stand.
I'll sing.
I'll shoot.
I'll scream.
I'll quit.
I'll pass.
I'll obey.
I'll manage.
I'll hurry.
I'll explain.
I'll drive.
I'll cooperate.
I'll cook.
I'll check.
I'll change.
I'll cancel.
I'll call.
I'll apologize.
I'd leave.
I'd agree.
I'd accept.
I volunteered.
I tripped.
I sympathize.
I see.
I resigned.
I rescheduled.
I remember.
I promise.
I panicked.
I misunderstood.
I improvised.
I exercised.
I exaggerated.
I disagree.
I contributed.
I confessed.
I apologized.
How unfortunate!
How tragic!
How touching!
How thrilling!
How perceptive!
How pathetic!
How melodramatic!
How humiliating!
How exciting!
How clever!
How barbaric!
How adventurous!
How absurd!
Have some.
Have courage.
Have another.
Get upstairs.
Get started.
Get serious!
Get moving.
Get inside.
Get everything.
Get dressed.
Get changed.
Forgive us.
Forget Tom.
Follow Tom.
Finish this.
Find Tom.
Examine this.
Examine them.
Examine it.
Everything's wrong.
Everything's ruined.
Everything's OK.
Everything's normal.
Everything's negotiable.
Everything's here.
Everything's free.
Everything's dirt-cheap.
Everything's different.
Everything's changing.
Everything's changed.
Everything's better.
Everything stopped.
Everything changes.
Everything changed.
Everyone's waiting.
Everyone's there.
Everyone's standing.
Everyone's sick.
Everyone's quiet.
Everyone's out.
Everyone's laughing.
Everyone's here.
Everyone's going.
Everyone's dead.
Everyone survived.
Everyone stood.
Everyone prayed.
Everyone looked.
Everyone hesitated.
Everyone gasps.
Everyone escaped.
Everybody's worried.
Everybody's talking.
Everybody's suspicious.
Everybody's smiling.
Everybody waited.
Everybody stayed.
Everybody smiled.
Everybody panicked.
Everybody paid.
Everybody left.
Everybody laughs.
Everybody knows.
Everybody knew.
Everybody groans.
Everybody down!
Everybody claps.
Everybody cheered.
Everybody applauded.
Drive faster.
Don't yell.
Don't talk.
Don't struggle.
Don't stop.
Don't stare.
Don't stand.
Don't speak.
Don't smile.
Don't slouch.
Don't sing.
Don't scream.
Don't rush.
Don't run.
Don't respond.
Don't quibble.
Don't push.
Don't move!
Don't look.
Don't lie.
Don't jump!
Don't fight.
Don't exaggerate.
Don't cheat.
Don't argue.
Dinner's ready!
Defend yourselves.
Defend yourself.
Control yourselves.
Control yourself.
Continue working.
Continue digging.
Contact Tom.
Comfort Tom.
Come tomorrow.
Come quickly!
Come inside.
Come forward.
Come closer.
Come alone.
Come again.
Come aboard.
Check this.
Check that.
Check everyone.
Check around.
Check again.
Carry this.
Bring wine.
Bring help.
Bring food.
Bring backup.
Bless you.
Beer's good.
Be watchful.
Be vigilant.
Be tolerant.
Be thorough.
Be supportive.
Be specific.
Be serious.
Be sensible.
Be seated.
Be ruthless.
Be respectful.
Be punctual.
Be prepared.
Be merciful.
Be friendly.
Be discreet.
Be creative.
Be content.
Be confident.
Ask around.
Ask anybody.
The power plant was mothballed because of its outdated technology.
I took him on his word when he said he'd never seen her before.
Unless we find some way to drum up more business, bankruptcy will be our only option.
We put a wealth of information at your fingertips.
He's gotten so powerful in this town that he's become a law unto himself.
He testified that no money changed hands at the meeting.
The only difference between a bimbo and a prostitute is payment.
You may not agree with him, but at least he stands up for what he believes in.
Let no one lightly discuss the subject of rites.
He drank the beer in one gulp.
He sold his car without hesitation.
Light has the ability to transform a space into a place.
She told me the project had been a failure.
In his opinion Brasilia was a failure in many ways.
In his opinion Brasilia was a failure in many ways. The city did not turn out the way the planners intended and is not thought of very highly by either its own inhabitants or other Brazilians.
To find an address can be difficult because so much of the city looks the same.
In hindsight it is hard to decide whether this project was a failure or whether its side benefits made it a success.
There is no smoking in this building.
Did you kill him?
We know that you are not stupid.
I've been waiting for you.
He that will steal an egg will steal an ox.
That foreigner spoke Japanese as if it were his native language.
He was raised in the United States, but his native language is Japanese.
If you try, you'll succeed.
Italy isn't Greece.
I'm still angry because of her.
I plan to give my son a computer at the end of the month.
He came with two pals.
He built a kind of house using branches.
Suddenly I felt something like a jolt.
What is running across the room? - A mouse or something.
I don't have a cellphone anymore.
It will be far better if there were some pretty girls.
"How old are you?" "Sixteen years old".
I chose between two options.
Everyone can offend a boxer, but not everyone has time to apologize.
Sometimes it's too late to apologize.
It's not me, I swear!
"Who is he?" "A soldier that will fight."
To point out the flaws of others while forgetting one's own is ignorance itself.
In a different category was the prediction of a new age.
I saw Dan and Andrei.
Grandfather opened the car window and aimed the gun at a bird.
We must do what we can to stop the violence.
Don't forget we have to do our homework.
We have to do the shopping.
We should do our best to make things different.
We should make something like that.
We should do it, because it's right.
We have to do the work in one day.
We should do better.
We ought to do better.
Spring fever is not a disease.
Who ordered that?
Modern obituaries are commonly written before the fact and kept on file for instant insertion when the occasion arises.
A certain hallmark of wisdom is the cheerful benevolence it confers.
I've got a bum ticker: coronary artery disease.
I've got a bad heart: coronary artery disease.
Just look at all these yachts. Take a gander at that trimaran.
A second look may be flattering; after that, things go downhill: first to staring, then to ogling, finally to frankly leering.
Evergreen wreaths are Christmasy, but credit cards are Christmasier.
It had an effect very different from the one intended.
The effect was quite different from what was intended.
If one has the right to live, then one should also have the right to die. If not, then living is not a right, but an obligation.
He finally made it.
She finally made it.
He finally succeeded.
Eventually, she succeeded.
The mail is delivered every day.
Be especially careful of ice on overpasses and bridges while driving in the winter.
The night was so dark, almost as dark as her heart.
He was always trying to provoke an argument.
She was always trying to provoke me into saying something I would regret later.
Please take a seat!
He will be here any moment.
The Latin language is not entirely unknown to me, but I altogether lack the ability to speak it.
It's always worth a try.
He avoids me.
Do you have time to come tomorrow?
The church is in the middle of the village.
The grass is always greener.
How long will our civilization last?
All the sudden, it got dark outside.
You are a professor.
I'll make you pay for this.
I will make you pay for this.
I will get even with you for this.
I'll get you for this.
Not here!
The play is based on true events.
I know next to nothing.
Maybe he did it on purpose.
How come?
Have fun!
What are the benefits?
Give me a break!
I'm buying a new car.
I'm learning Chinese.
He is frequently absent from school.
The course will be continued at nine.
Poor guy... Food poisoning's never fun.
My level of Japanese is weak, so I can't write well.
Once there was an unfortunate forgetful guy named James who used to confuse Mary with Maria all the time. For that, Maria hated him with every fibre of her being.
I'm not sure of it either.
You can always tell a man by the kind of woman that is with him.
I don't know what happened to you.
I live a privileged life.
Put your manners back in!
The Chinese government took measures to slow the rise of the price of houses.
I ate sand.
Decide for yourself what you think is normal.
How come you're so slow?!
Pardon me, what's the name of this place?
Ben's not as young as he looks.
As far as I know, he's a kind man.
For all I know, he's a friendly guy.
Tom had never been to Boston.
He still drinks, but only once in a while.
My mom bought me this toy when I was eight years old.
I jumped for joy when I heard the news.
The project will be completed in less than three years.
If anything happens, call me right away.
I paid in cash.
That tired boy is sound asleep.
Jim tends to exaggerate.
Soccer is a sport in which players can't touch the ball with their arms, except for the keeper, who can use his whole body to defend the goal.
Where's the gate for Japan Airlines flight 124?
He that thinks little, errs much.
The surgery was successfully completed.
Giving up what you want is hard, but sometimes we have no other choice.
Never give up!
How come this fucking apartment has no double-glazing? I'm freezing.
A tree is green.
It is too much for me. I need to slow down.
A fat cat with a hat on, sat on a mat, dreaming to catch a rat or a bat.
I was in the hospital last week.
She dived naked into the sea.
I don't like the way he looks at you.
Do you like it when I do this?
Have I made myself clear?
I just don't care enough.
The regime was eventually ousted from power.
Be merciless.
He looks so serious studying that menu!
Don't ever give up.
These men are strong.
Two young boys are carrying a load of water on a pole.
It's gotten dark.
It's become dark.
I have a load of work to do before I can go home.
I have a lot of work to do before I can go home.
I buy loads of stuff at that store.
I buy a lot of stuff at that store.
I buy lots of stuff at that store.
Heraldry is his hobbyhorse: he steers the conversation in that direction whenever he gets the chance.
She despaired of breaking through the glass ceiling that seemed to keep even the most accomplished women from positions of real leadership.
The warm punch fuming in the icy air called to mind caldrons, witches, and arcane incantations.
Who would gild a lily?
Further elaboration or ornament would only detract from the perfection of its simplicity.
Had I but known what she intended, I might have forestalled this debacle.
The first was not the best.
Who would better his state should look to his foundations.
No risk, no reward.
When told an American ambassador had been seen sneaking into someone else's room, President Kennedy remarked, "I guess I need to hire faster ambassadors."
My favorite dissenters--I mean those whose ideas ill accorded with my own--were wont to express themselves with exquisite courtesy.
Pervasive and pernicious deviations from both fact and logical validity lurked behind a meretricious plausibility.
Traditional Javanese villages partitioned their most essential resource into house land and rice land.
Our hearts go out to all in distress this night.
Happy the man who can pay his own way.
That's the story of my life: a day late and a dollar short.
"Don't forget to write to me!" "Don't worry, I'll send the first lines as soon as I arrive in London."
Do you know how to deactivate a bomb?
Many European birds hibernate in the north of Africa.
We are entering a vicious circle.
Her career was rich and exciting.
Boys and girls play in the garden.
First, I'd like to examine the catalyst used in this experiment.
I water the flowers.
He's sloshed.
He's plastered.
He's completely gone.
Those girls arrived.
He's smashed.
He's hammered.
Ghosts really exist?
I am trying my level best.
I am doing my best.
I do my best.
Have some pity on me.
Please don't interrupt me.
Life could be a dream.
You can rest assured all my love's for you.
It's not gonna be fine!
There's no mail in the mailbox.
Are you in a bad mood?
Are we gonna have popcorn?
I have to tell her that the phone rang while she was gone.
Today it's foggy.
Contractions began.
The witness sees the citizen.
Do you think one person can change the world?
Many of the victims either burnt to death or suffocated.
I laughed so hard I almost choked on my candy.
I had to stifle my anger in front of him.
I would like some further details.
Once in a while I play golf.
My answer is final.
We'll start when he gets here.
I feel like I am being forced to help her.
I have an older brother and an older sister.
Are you still sleepy?
We're free right now, but we've got a meeting in a half-hour.
The airplane is ready for takeoff.
The airplane is ready for landing.
The pilot made an emergency landing in the desert.
The death of the Mamonas Assassinas undoubtedly marked the history of Brazilian music.
It's dangerous to clean the windows of an apartment building.
Contribute to Tatoeba.
Jim managed to control his anger.
I caught him cheating on the test.
I caught him cheating on the exam.
We bought a comfortable new armchair.
Take a little nap on the sofa.
Take a little nap on the couch.
He's the tallest one in the class.
I'll do it my way this time.
Animals can't distinguish between true and false.
Animals can't tell what's real and what's fake.
Two apparatus were damaged at the fire scene after having been parked too near to the soon-to-collapse structure.
We don't get along with each other.
He is my best friend because we just get on well with each other and I can trust him with things that I wouldn't tell anyone else.
She probably can get along well with her mother-in-law.
Multinational corporations outperform traditional corporations operating in just one country.
Unfortunately he was a bit slow of apprehension.
Even the birds are staying in the shade here!
Those boys are sixteen years old.
Tough luck!
I'm telling him I don't know how it is written.
They seem like code names.
It is a cross with him, he always comes too early.
Today is a day of compliments. Tomorrow will be a day of insults.
I am not worried about it.
Let's be honest!
Wait a minute!
Do not rush!
Typical girl talk!
I've got two kids. One of them is a boy, and the other one's a boy, too.
It would be nice to meet again before long.
Thou preparest a table before me in the presence of mine enemies; Thou hast anointed my head with oil; my cup runneth over.
Thanks for your email!
It snowed yesterday.
By the way, I saw him yesterday.
I warn you, the thing is pretty risky.
I can not keep it to myself, she is really beautiful.
It is said that he is wealthy.
I hardly think so.
It remains to be seen if I can get there in time.
No wonder that the presenter sounded weird, she was sick.
The event takes place rain or shine.
Too high expectations are often a cause for disappointment.
Either all or none.
Let's go the whole hog.
I tried to distract him, but it was in vain.
Everything was prepared well in advance.
Just for fun, I agreed to the proposal.
We called to remind him lest he come late.
If I love one, but one does not love the one I loved when one loved me, and one is one, but one does not love one unless the one that is one loves one, then does one love one, or does one not love one?
There is milk in the fridge.
Sweden's population is growing.
We spent a great holiday in Sweden.
Greece has many islands.
Once upon a time there was a poor man and a rich woman.
He did not read the book.
In mathematics, he is an ace.
His stomach growls.
I don't see a good dog, but I do see a good horse.
How can you put up with that guy?
He dared not jump the brook.
He didn't dare to jump over the brook.
It comes full circle.
When you're able, could you answer me a question?
My son is way too skinny.
There is no fear in love; but perfect love casteth out fear: because fear hath torment. He that feareth is not made perfect in love.
If you talk to me that way again, I'm going to smash your face in.
I would have paid my debts if I had had money.
I'm not tempting them.
I am a reporter.
You have to read the subtext.
My hair is so dirty!
Measure twice, cut once!
My work was already finished on January 15th.
Katalin dedicated her life to Esperanto.
I am ready to serve you.
Tom doesn't know the difference between a city and a village.
That's obvious, you don't need to explain it.
I didn't want to.
I'm a student from Italy.
Stop being pessimistic! Everything will sort itself out.
When we got to the bus stop, the bus had already left.
Write the sender's address on the backside!
That's funny!
Every drop is important.
How many languages should a diplomat know?
You hurt a man.
The bird flew up into the blue sky.
Take a bath and go to bed.
Look outside! It looks like it'll rain soon.
You've won!
You've tried.
You've grown.
You're stupid.
You're losing.
You're different.
You're contagious.
Who's first?
We've won!
We're trying.
We're surviving.
We're inside.
We're here.
We're downsizing.
We forgot.
We failed.
Tom's distracted.
Tom's delighted.
Tom'll wait.
Tom'll understand.
Tom'll talk.
Tom'll survive.
Tom'll succeed.
Tom'll stay.
Tom'll speak.
Tom'll remember.
Tom'll recover.
Tom'll reconsider.
Tom'll quit.
Tom'll pay.
Tom'll manage.
Tom'll lose.
Tom'll live.
Tom'll know.
Tom'll improve.
Tom'll help.
Tom'll go.
Tom'll die.
Tom'll cry.
Tom'll come.
Tom'll change.
Tom'll call.
Tom winked.
Tom recovered.
Think again.
They're dreadful.
They're broken.
They'll know.
They voted.
They crashed.
That's wonderful!
That's unrelated.
That's unimportant.
That's treason.
That's suicide.
That's serious.
That's Saturn.
That's plastic.
That's over.
That's okay.
That's incurable.
That's good.
That's fine.
That's done.
That'll pass.
It's working.
It's treatable.
It's Tom.
It's time.
It's there.
It's stuck.
It's strange.
It's shiny.
It's scary.
It's Saturday.
It's sand.
It's safer.
It's right.
It's remarkable.
It's real.
It's possible.
It's pointless.
It's ours.
It's okay.
It's normal.
It's necessary.
It's mine.
It's locked.
It's important.
It's huge.
It's here.
It's happened.
It's good.
It's futile.
It's fun.
It's fine.
It's fair.
It's empty.
It's difficult.
It's deserted.
It's dark.
It's cool.
It's comfortable.
It's close.
It's clear.
It's Christmas.
It's blank.
It's accurate.
It helps.
It happens.
It happened.
I'm ready!
I'm motivated.
I'm losing.
I'm late.
I'll live.
I waited.
I survived.
I stayed.
I recovered.
I promised.
For some reason I couldn't access my e-mail account.
Many foreigners come to Japan to work.
She didn't need to go to the meeting.
Once upon a time, there lived an extremely vain emperor who cared a lot about his clothes but not his people.
The president is usually accompanied by his wife when he travels internationally.
Do you know how to write a letter in English?
He read a lot.
I calculated my BMI and found out my height is centimeters less than ideal!
Yesterday I baked pastries with mushrooms.
Will you promise me that you will never leave me?
Silently, she looked out the window.
You thought we were done talking about you today? Think again!
Simply put, these allegations are false.
They presented a laundry list of arguments about how he is trying to fool consumers.
When the shooting began, I just prayed.
Do you have a ballpen?
Sadly, the world is full of idiots.
Human cruelty has no limits.
This person seems well acquainted with the history of Japan.
I found my lost wallet.
The woman was seven months pregnant when she went into labor.
"Are you apathetic or just ignorant?" "I don't know and I don't care."
We are all going to die.
I call the living, I mourn the dead, I chase the lightning.
And now a word from our sponsor.
I call the living, I mourn the dead, I repel lightning.
I call on the living, lament the dead, shatter the lightning.
All the rooms are taken.
We don't get many visitors here.
We don't get many visitors down here.
Do you get many visitors?
We're so glad to have you here.
I hate women who say that all men are the same.
I wish I could paint like that.
Let's forget the whole thing, OK?
Come back in an hour.
Come back in a day.
Come back in a week.
Come back in a month.
She peeked through the curtain.
Supra.
Opinion is my going about explaining why all the world should think as I think.
I'd rather be hanged than shot.
Check out this video I made with my friends.
"Sheila decided not to go to Acapulco with Joe." "Thank goodness she didn't." "Yeah, she'd have been a fool to."
I knows that I am "unswedish". And I intend to continue that way. It is not "best not do overdo things". It's best to be best!
He seems well acquainted with the history of Japan.
He made an angry face.
Hydraulic fracturing makes use of high-pressure water to create cracks in hydrocarbon-bearing shale.
Proppants, such as sand, are added to the water to prop open the newly created cracks.
The net gravitational field at any point on the surface of the earth is the sum of the gravitational fields of all the masses in the universe; hence it displays diurnal and seasonal variations and variations with the phases of the moon and Jupiter; and those variations vary with latitude: if you live far from the poles, you weigh more at night.
There was a lull in the festivities as Fred was carted off to the infirmary by the emergency medical technicians.
There are eight gluons. Six--modulo superposition--are sensible color-anticolor color swappers. The other two are fathomless mixtures that can only be described as the remaining linearly independent elements of the group of three-by-three complex unitary matrices with determinant one.
The dimension of a vector space equals the largest number of its elements that can be linearly independent.
Fuzzy logic maps a spectrum of logical states onto the unit interval, which may then be divided into regions by fuzzy hedges.
Einstein described quantum entanglement as "spooky action at a distance." So, before Einstein's own Theory of General Relativity, might Newton's theory of gravitation have been described.
"Cuore" is one of those books whose periodic popularity will be assured whenever--as is certain to happen from time to time--the teaching of virtue to the young is revived.
During the First World War "Anne of Green Gables" was distributed by the Polish government to troops in the trenches to remind them of what they were fighting for.
A virtue like honesty may be allied to a defect related to honesty, such as being too trusting, too ready to assume that others are as honest as oneself. In such a case we may say, "Hers were the defects of her virtues."
In General Relativity the observed global effect of gravity arises from strictly local interaction with curved space-time.
How small is a differential? What's the smallest number greater than zero? What's twice that number?
Dollies have four wheels. The two-wheeled jobs are called hand trucks.
She swerved to avoid hitting a tarantula as big as a catcher's mitt in the middle of the road.
The woman has beautiful cheeks.
Assigning numbers to abstract things is a dangerous business.
You can talk well!
Do you know what love is?
Many admire him.
Many admire her.
There are many who admire him.
There are many who admire her.
I like trips.
Don't you remember the question?
Since then, they met up every afternoon at the pier, had breakfast together, had dinner, took walks and admired the sea.
He did it only for my sake.
It all went wrong.
It's cloudy, but not raining.
I'm at the beach.
I'm on the beach playing volleyball.
It rhymes, therefore it is true!
Adding manpower to a late software project makes it later.
We call upon over twenty-five years of experience in creating first class business solutions.
The forum looks lethargic; maybe it's your diet.
I love coherence.
Are you a wunderkind?
He is as thick as two short planks.
I doubt it'll be very hard for you to get your driver's license.
It was Mendel's good fortune that the arrival of the pea weevil postdated the completion of the pea part of his research.
Every vector space has a basis.
There's going to be a math test tomorrow.
What would you do if you met a man from another planet?
It's my birthday soon.
Chinese journalists at a major newspaper have gone on strike to protest against censorship.
One school in the U.K. has abandoned textbooks in favour of iPads in the classroom.
If students have a question about their homework they can e-mail the teacher at anytime.
Some people believe that technology interferes with teaching while others believe that it enhances the learning experience.
Substituting textbooks and handouts with hand-held computers could actually save money in the long run.
Multi-tasking can lead to being less productive.
Prehistoric figurines have been interpreted in many different ways.
Pottery usually appears in a culture after the advent of agriculture.
Early agriculturalists often show similar patterns of tooth decay to modern people.
In many countries women have still not achieved equal status to men.
Police did not interfere with the protest.
Chinese newspapers are supervised by the government who maintains the right to change content to match the current party line.
The UN has set eight milennium development goals to improve living standards for the world's poorest people.
Some people say that the theory of evolution is "only" a theory but a scientific theory is something that has been proven to be true.
A scientific theory is a hypothesis that has been proved by testing.
Some people thought the world was going to end at the milennium, others in 2012...but we're still here!
A kangaroo surprised security officers at Melbourne Airport when it was found hopping around one of the carparks!
Progress has been made towards gender equality but more needs to be done.
Many archeological sites are at risk due to poor maintenance.
The Mediterranean diet seems to be good for our health.
More than 60% of people in Britain maintain an active Facebook profile.
The UK uses more mobile data than any other country.
The Milennium Development Goals aim to reduce hunger, poverty and disease.
Hunger kills more people every year than AIDS, malaria and tuberculosis combined.
Internationally, almost million people don't have enough to eat.
98% of hungry people live in developing countries.
Women represent around half of the world's population but they account for more than 60% of those going hungry.
One third of children who die before the age of die from malnutrition.
He was in my house too.
I'm feeling off colour today.
Learning languages comes easy to her.
The attempt to deceive me did not come off.
Everybody can see that he has a crush on her.
Mona answered their questions off the cuff.
To cut a long story short - she won and I lost.
Thumbs up! You've got the job.
What would you say to breakfast at McDonald's?
What do you think about breakfast at McDonald's?
It was touch and go whether he would survive.
Touch wood!
Am I allowed to use this?
Am I capable of using this?
I had the word on the tip of my tongue.
Tom insulted me severely, but I gave him tit for tat.
Yes, gladly.
Yes, with pleasure.
I don't have enough money for my trip.
When you've finished reading that book, I'd like to read it.
His facial expression was more sour than a lemon.
Her facial expression was more sour than a lemon.
The expression on his face was more sour than a lemon.
The expression on her face was more sour than a lemon.
Play the role of Hamlet.
Crime doesn't pay in the long run.
It's just one of those things.
She has a thing about red-haired people.
Don't expect me to believe such a tall story.
I hate his talking big on every occasion.
Someone should talk turkey to him.
Few people know what the word "hipster" means.
This regulation will take effect from next year.
His help came in the nick of time.
He is very proud and will never lick anyone´s boots.
For the life of me I couldn't remember her name.
The population is increasing by leaps and bounds.
Everything that you say may be used against you.
He is a man who is fond of ceremony.
He is a man who loves ceremonies.
He is a man who loves ritual.
He loves ritual.
He loves ceremonies.
He is fond of ceremony.
He loves rituals.
I am an Esperanto beginner.
I'm a beginner in Esperanto.
Brazil is the land of the future.
Sometimes I stay three hours in Tatoeba.
Sometimes I stay for three hours at Tatoeba.
Gategno explained in a press interview that the restriction of access to the e-mail service had nothing to do with the release of the inflammatory video.
I have hundreds of such examples in my computer.
I hope we have fine weather tomorrow.
How many aunts and uncles do you have?
I don't find him in the telephone directory.
How's the neighborhood? Quiet? Noisy at night?
Now and then your sister asks our sisters to teach her something.
When the man saw a policeman, he fled.
Mary knows how to swim.
Many, many years ago, there lived an old man.
That boy speaks as if he were an adult.
That boy speaks like an adult.
She watched the birds intently and joyfully.
Do you prefer subtitled or dubbed TV shows?
Do you prefer it when TV shows are subtitled or dubbed?
Do you prefer for television shows to be subtitled or dubbed?
I can keep a secret.
I can't believe I forgot.
You look fat.
Do you have a copy?
I was impressed with her work.
He did all the legwork.
Some girls just never learn.
I love your city.
I like your city.
Mona had the gift of the gab.
The garden is really a sight for sore eyes.
Prices are running wild just now.
Mona is still running a temperature and should stay at home.
Can't they speak Italian?
All good things come in threes.
When two people quarrel, a third rejoices.
She has a double chin.
I'm already starving.
As a teacher you should try to win the pupils' confidence, that is half the battle.
I had half a mind to go to the concert.
You did a very fine job! I take my hat off to you.
His son has what it takes to be a good doctor.
She's a girl after my own heart.
You've hit it! The book was still in the car.
My promise to come next Monday still holds.
If we don't catch the train we shall be in a hole.
We all are really something!
She counted all of the flowers in the garden.
I'm lazy about my hair, so I tend to look like a slob.
For the love of money is the root of all evil: which while some coveted after, they have erred from the faith, and pierced themselves through with many sorrows.
Invite us to dinner at a restaurant.
She cleared off the table.
is the year I was born.
I was born in 1980.
Drink a lot of milk, because that is healthy.
Shoes change one's life. Just ask Cinderella!
Water, please.
Raise your hands!
Hell is waiting for you.
Hell awaits you.
The cathedral dominates the cityscape.
The cathedral dominates the view of the city.
Nothing is more contemptible than respect that is based on fear.
Nothing is more contemptible than respect based on fear.
My parents raised me.
This photo is too blurry. I can't make out your face.
She's my oldest friend. I've known her since kindergarden.
The Arabian peninsula has long been accepted as the original Semitic Urheimat by a majority of scholars.
He wants an iPad 4.
She wants an iPad mini.
He reads a book.
I hope it isn't the saddest answer.
He said only stupid things.
This is no laughing matter.
This isn't a sentence in Chinese!
Is the horse black?
This looks amazing.
I look like a reindeer.
This is Italy.
I promise, it's worth the effort.
I'm unable to stay calm.
If you don't want to listen, cover your ears.
You haven't downloaded that app yet?
I'm in Rome.
I am in Rome.
He removed him from the list.
He's crazy about bread.
Go to your room and wait there until I call you.
My sister does not live near me.
On the beach you can spend time with your friends.
On Sundays, the museum is not open.
Let me know, when you are ready!
You gotta obey the laws.
The train station is very close to the hotel.
He bought a new car, but we didn't know anything about that.
Get ready for a strong scene.
The cherry blossom is in April.
They came from far away.
Third year students were not invited.
I like red fruits a lot.
They invited me to the wedding.
It snows in the south during the winter.
I don't know why but I like this place.
John is another person outside home.
He was alone in the world; if he were to die, who would feel sorry for him? Who would think of him?
Do not open the door before the train comes to a halt.
I bought all of these televisions.
Out of all of my children, Ernesto is the youngest.
My mother really loves tea.
He has a lot of creative ideas.
Imagine that everything is a ilusion.
Waiter, there is a fly in my coffee.
How much time, more or less, does it take to walk from here to the town hall?
The roof of the house is leaking.
Maybe I'm not the right person for that job.
He had to leave school because he was poor.
Don't throw this paper away!
Are you religious?
The man who rang an hour ago was Frank.
In the village there are no thieves.
I did not know that she has a child.
I quit smoking a year ago.
Eat - if you are hungry!
He definitely wanted to start a fight.
I would like to open a checking account.
Iron directs heat well enough.
Speak clearly!
This is the taste of victory.
Why are people always so cynical?
Why are you always so cynical?
My sister started crying.
I grabbed my little sister's hand and started running.
He stopped smoking and started running.
I found her in the kitchen crying.
I'm sure everything will work out just fine.
I need to vent my anger.
He doesn't want to admit that he has a drinking problem.
I'll just have one or two beers.
I don't want to be told what to do.
He's wearing a white cotton shirt.
I have no clue what you're talking about.
Where do you get your ideas from?
Are you about done?
You must be starving.
What would you do without me?
Due to the reason that I described above, I arrived at a different decision.
It was nothing but eyewash.
You made a fool of yourself.
These books are yours.
Judging from what she says, he's guilty.
I can't help being thirsty.
He's just a know-all.
He's just a know-it-all.
They speak about the sponsor even in these days.
A man like me needs a hat.
I don't pick the fruits for them.
I don't make faces at them...
I don't make faces at them.
I'm not making faces at them...
I'm not making faces at them.
Don't you want to tell me anything?
I thought he was going to kill me.
I thought I was going to kill myself.
I thought she was going to kill me.
She needs to come.
Many people suffer from reverse culture shock when returning to their home country after spending a long time abroad.
Culture shock is often described as an emotional rollercoaster.
Culture shock tends to move through four different stages: wonder (or the honeymoon period), frustration, depression and acceptance.
Most people who have lived in a foreign country have experienced some form of culture shock, although many people don't recognize it in themselves.
Got us a butt on you?
Did she have any weapons on her?
The racial prejudice that used to be rampant in America has, to a considerable degree, metamorphosed into cultural prejudice. Those infected will say of a Black friend: "She's different"--meaning the cultural stereotypes they find objectionable do not apply.
The police intervention in the early morning of November 1st was precisely one of the points that greater stains have spilt over the municipal actions in the political investigation of the tragedy.
Did you see what she had on?
Did you see what she was wearing?
It is perhaps interesting to note in this connection that Fermat's Principle was found objectionable by a contemporary optics expert because it seemed to impute knowledge to the working of Nature.
Those in attendance numbered in the dozens.
Mead and Bateson chose the upland village of Bajoeng Gede for their research, because a lack of iodine in the villagers' diet made them slow of speech.
Margaret Mead ascribes to the Balinese she studied an inability to follow complex directions. I ask, "What of her ability to express complex directions in Balinese?"
It is virtually impossible to discuss the Thai Royal Family in English without offending native Thais: the special honorific forms of reference that exist in Thai simply have no counterparts in English.
The sun exerts a stronger gravitational pull on the moon than does the earth.
The moon's orbit is always concave toward the sun.
A and B alternately roll an N-sided die, A always first. A game is lost by the first roll failing to better the previous. What is the probability that A wins?
The answer is far more easily discovered than the proof.
Nobody encouraged him.
He is having dinner.
He left his children.
Are you going to the gym today?
I want to try again.
Of course this phrase is only used by older people.
Do you accept a credit card?
It's a quarter to two.
He loves soccer.
He likes soccer a lot.
That's really surprising.
The kitchen is not a suitable place for arguments. Too many knives.
Even a child knows that.
Even children know that.
They're killing the planet.
It's an Indian dish.
You went to Shanghai, right?
Fabio lived for two years in Shanghai.
She lets me go with her by plane to Shanghai.
She was elated by the molybdenum assay of the ore sample from her claim.
At any given moment, there are perhaps eight francium atoms in the whole of the earth.
New hires are subject to careful monitoring in our firm.
The engine was seized and the lug nuts were frozen on all four wheels.
Continuing volatility is a safe bet in today's market.
There is not an iota, not a scintilla, not a hint of any real evidence.
The winners tell jokes; and the losers say, "Deal the cards."
Raising the spinnaker while tacking is not advised.
They want my death.
I don't want to risk our plan just because you are trigger-happy!
Lubomir loves his mom.
Rank smells are a clear indicator that food should be thrown away.
A smaller, but still dangerous, concentration of pathogens won't necessarily be detectable by smell.
The boy is playing with his tin soldiers.
Don't you agree?
He is greedy and lazy.
Do penguins live at the North Pole?
Are there penguins living at the North Pole?
We must pay taxes.
I think she's innocent.
At the North Pole, there are no penguins.
He speaks Portuguese.
Doctors give us information about our health.
Doctors inform us about our health.
That flag is very nice.
That flag is very pretty.
That flag is very beautiful.
He darkens the room.
She puts the children to bed.
She puts the boys to bed.
She puts the children to sleep.
She puts the boys to sleep.
Wait a bit longer.
Wait a little longer.
We must leave right away.
How can a duplicate sentence be removed?
How can one remove a duplicate sentence?
I am searching for my brother.
We are not alone.
What a gorgeous flower!
He improved the device.
She is really a nice girl.
She is really a good girl.
She is a really good girl.
We often use them as umbrellas or parasols.
Get out of here, all of you!
Why are you protesting against the government?
All men dream, but not equally. Those who dream by night in the dusty recesses of their minds, wake in the day to find that it was vanity: but the dreamers of the day are dangerous men, for they may act on their dreams with open eyes, to make them possible.
City life suits me very well.
Anyone else think tonight's class is a complete waste of time?
I'm in class on time.
At least I'm in class on time.
I'm glad I'm not anywhere near school today.
My card is charged.
It is just a drop in the bucket.
It's not anything serious.
Your country is amazing!
Thank you for approving my join request.
His goal is not to earn money.
His goal is to not earn money.
He always leaves for work at 8:a.m.
He always goes to work at 8:a.m.
Do not blame me, I do not have anything to do with that video.
This is your final warning.
He pinched me!
He found her irresistible.
Any other bright ideas?
Everything is copacetic.
I just brewed a pot.
It was an immediate success.
He can't work properly until he's had his cup of joe.
It's the best-kept secret in town.
It snowed in Jerusalem.
This is going to be good for you too.
Look on the bright side of things.
It makes no fucking sense.
The first sip taken from the cup of science turns you into an atheist, but God is waiting for you at the bottom of the cup.
Sit down and make yourself comfortable!
I've married the wrong person.
Umeshu is a Japanese liqueur made from plums.
The old men slept on the puncheon floor of the cabin, while the rest bivouacked out in front.
Accommodation is in individual tents.
It is difficult to speak in public.
It is hard to speak in public.
Since her husband died, Cristina has suffered a lot.
Since the death of her husband, Cristina has suffered a lot.
It is the job that is never started that takes longest to finish.
All we have to decide is what to do with the time that is given us.
She likes fairy tales.
Stability is in unity.
Sorry, we are closed.
Excuse me, could you repeat what you've just said?
If he is abroad, he is constantly homesick.
He wanted to flatter me.
She wanted to flatter me.
Do you get nervous if you have to speak in front of many people?
Members of parliament deserve immunity and a paid salary to guarantee their independence.
I'm as free as a bird.
Finland supports Greece with a heavy heart.
The two met each other at a vocational college for animation.
How far away is the Eiffel Tower?
What is the name of this street?
March is the third month of the year.
I will be staying for two nights.
I beg your pardon, could you repeat what you've just said?
Thank you for your warm welcome!
Thanks for your warm welcome!
That serves him right.
It was a great loss for me.
It doesn't belong to one people or country, so it works as a neutral language.
Hands off!
Guess what!
Do you speak Bulgarian?
Bulgarian is very similar to Russian.
They are hand in glove.
I want to get lost in Eastern Europe.
He and I are the same age.
I don't like dirty jokes, but I get a kick out of it when you tell them.
It might be time for Atheists to start knocking on doors too, to spread their message of happiness to the world.
I hear the message just fine; it's faith that I lack.
Thanks to you, I have problems with my blood pressure.
John has gone cuckoo.
For my own poor part, the fading summer left me out of health, out of spirits, and, if the truth must be told, out of money as well.
It's bad manners to talk during meals.
It's an excellent method to relieve stress.
I'm still working on it.
I need to talk to him.
She did pretty well.
I watched it on YouTube.
I watched it on Dailymotion.
I mean no disrespect.
For every one that doeth evil hateth the light, neither cometh to the light, lest his deeds should be reproved.
He described the flight in detail.
Could I have a glass of wine?
And now here is my secret, a very simple secret: It is only with the heart that one can see rightly; what is essential is invisible to the eye.
When two "Alpha males" come together in a group, it is exciting to see who holds the upper hand.
How do I get there best?
I don't speak Elvish.
When I see you, my heart says me that I am a lover.
Common sense tells us, however, that there is no easy solution.
How are you, son?
Whenever I see you, my heart tells me that I'm in love.
I know your face.
I love to see your eyes shine when you laugh.
Go kiss an orc.
I need to go.
I must go.
This just made me laugh, especially towards the end!
Who did you see?
Your head is empty.
Come near the fire.
Now it's hard to get a good advice: where should I go?
Mr. Tanaka called while you were out.
What are you doing to stop this?
In many places in China, there were temples of the dragon-king.
Could you wake me up at eight in the morning?
You must take his state of health into account.
Would you like to drink something?
A DNA test proved she was innocent.
A DNA test showed she was innocent.
A DNA test proved his innocence.
A DNA test proved her innocence.
I am going to fill you up so full.
The French and the English like drinking, but the latter prefer beer whereas the former go in for red wine.
He can't have made such an obvious mistake; it's unthinkable!
You mustn't throw litter in the street.
As a boy, he would go to the seaside every summer.
I can't speak Spanish but even so, I was able to make myself understood when I went to Malaga last year.
I'm sorry I never got round to calling you back.
He took to insulting his parents.
As in Eastern Europe, pollution in China is getting worse and worse.
I would like to have dinner.
I would like to have lunch.
What prompted you to move out?
I would like to have breakfast.
I would like to have some water.
You must go and see the headmaster at once.
I talked him into selling his house.
Halting the decline of the planet's ecosystems may be the most difficult challenge humanity has ever faced.
Humans pollute first and pay later.
They were stuck together to maintain their own body heat
If we have no more clean, drinkable water, we are doomed.
The industrialised world is used to using water profligately.
There is nothing much we can do against the freaks of nature.
Most of the food we buy in supermarkets is overpackaged.
Oil is a finite supply and supplies will eventually run dry.
There is so much pollution in New York that joggers often wear masks when running.
The age of nuclear power is not yet over.
Safety fears have been a problem since Chernobyl in nineteen nighty six.
What is your specialty?
I'm dying to eat something.
Hatemongers unite!
She might help if she knew the truth.
Might I express my opinion?
He might have written many of his plays.
No one knows what will happen in the future.
I forgot to sent her an email.
He looks just like his brother.
Do you make photocopies? I need ten of them.
When do you all write?
Have you all met him recently?
There's a radio on the table.
I am annoyed by your egotism.
How did we let things get to this point?
I only used it once.
I am sure I will win the tennis match.
Could you all turn off the lights?
Tom takes out the trash every day at six.
Providing energy to the poor without destroying the planet any further is this century's biggest challenge.
I don't have any friends to talk with.
Environmentally damaging projects should be abandoned systematically.
Do you all believe in God?
I will prepare a little tea.
Tell Tom that I am ready.
Make everyone feel at ease.
I had never seen it.
As the world becomes economically richer, it becomes environmentally poorer.
Do you remember faces easily?
Protecting the environment means saving ourselves.
It is starting to sink in that we can't ignore nature.
It is time to take effective action to ward off disaster.
The train is about to arrive.
I am waiting for the bus.
I am waiting for the train.
You have a good reason to be angry.
Do not be absurd.
We've always been friends.
At present the Unites States have decided to go it alone.
It's extremely important to exercise every day.
Scientist's pleas to introduce fish quotas were ignored for too long.
Reverse osmosis consists in forcing seawater through a membrane that filters out the salt.
Human greed is threatening the existence of many species.
What was at first a natural disaster rapidly became a man-made debacle.
The plastic bag has become public enemy number one.
It's a throw-away society.
I'm not in that much of a hurry.
There's another meaning, too.
I can't wait all day.
Whom did you see?
You're fooling yourself.
You are deceiving yourself.
Esperanto congresses are very useful.
I still have to run errands.
Hopefully, you will not be mad now.
As for me, I am quite happy.
You have to seize the opportunity with both hands.
It is not easy to find recognition.
The feast was so boring that I took flight almost immediately.
To strive against the stream requires courage.
It was anything but pleasant.
There is every reason to doubt that it is true.
I tried to remove all doubt.
Christmas comes but once a year.
What a man!
What a boy!
I regret that I didn't go there.
Fairy tales always begin the same: once upon a time.
This is very typical for you.
There is fame and fortune lost.
No one can resist.
There is nothing to complain about.
Why don't you take off your coat?
Aren't you going to take your coat off?
That gives one a horse laugh.
You can depend on it.
May I bother you with a request?
That does not bode well.
The best was yet to come.
The film I told you about has been released.
I wish you did not have so many problems.
He went on singing.
Behold the days come saith the LORD that the plowman shall overtake the reaper and the treader of grapes him that soweth seed and the mountains shall drop sweet wine and all the hills shall melt.
Nobody's found a solution yet, have they?
A school is a very easy place to make people more aware of recycling because the pupils take that message home.
Plastic kills countless seabirds and sea turtles each year.
We have to crack down on illegal trading.
He is having coffee now.
Where do you live at the moment?
No matter what, I won't change my decision.
Tom got scared.
She lives alone in this room.
Do you have a home in Italy?
We are still hoping that Tom will get better.
Knowing that every minute, maybe even every second can count for a human life makes you hurry.
The French are often wrong.
We have to close the window.
I was nearly caught up in a crime.
And don't tempt me.
The Yangtze, at 6,km, is Asia's longest river.
Do you know the rules of football?
I prefer salad for supper; I'm usually not hungry at this time of the day.
She was the first one to notice him.
Dinosaurs are animals that disappeared long ago.
"What would you like for lunch?" "It doesn't matter, whatever you've got."
The next few years won't be easy for us.
The next few years won't be a walk in the park.
Experience is the name many people give to their mistakes.
Quick, hand me a can with an airtight screwcap!
What a great day! I'm feeling peachy!
This tap made from brushed steel has an integrated 1.megapixel webcam and a hygrometer.
The whale was found off the coast of Wakayama.
He went on with his list.
Friendliness is a language the deaf can hear and the blind can read.
It really is your fault.
We are eating breakfast inside.
The spring in my watch is broken.
More women than men commit perjury.
Don't say anything!
This engine sometimes gives up the ghost.
When wisdom comes, hair goes!
He stood stock still.
He was frozen to the spot.
I knew as little about his past as I did about my parents'.
Slice the quartered lettuce into broad slices.
The door opens and in walks my friend.
John was born in the US.
We rushed out onto the street.
She's one tough cookie.
If you are really 16, think hard about it!
I'm already hitched!
Everybody knows that where I come from.
Five minutes of sun on a normal day can be worth more than a whole day of sun on holidays.
I'd like to make a reservation for o'clock tomorrow.
It was five to one when I got to bed.
In the old days, the test card was the only thing on TV at night.
The internet can't commit crimes!
My friends went to the cinema without me.
We get on very well.
Before the ship sank, the radio operator broadcast one final message - SOS!
We have better things to do.
His pyjama top had blood stains on it.
Bill, don't go there!
It is very small.
The women whose daughter you spoke to doesn't live here.
As of now I'll be able to sleep peacefully.
Did you understand a single word?
Do you still love your wife?
The garrison saw no choice but to surrender.
I trust your ability to know what to do instinctively.
The new furniture came today.
The proof is trivial and left to the reader.
Even if we could live on Mars, we must first get there.
I was doing an impersonation of my boss when he showed up.
Are there waterfalls in your country?
I don't see anything from my room since I always keep my curtains closed.
I can't believe I forgot about that.
I love my work very much.
I love my work a lot.
You guys got the rug all dirty!
I raised the binoculars again and looked at the cemetery.
The times of chivalry between two rivals is long gone.
The house always wins.
John left home in a hurry.
His words excited everyone, even the opposition.
They got the prize.
John's sleeping on the couch.
I want you guys to do me a favor.
He's my husband's dad. He's my father-in-law.
He's my sister's husband. He's my brother-in-law.
He's my father's father. He's my paternal grandpa.
He's my daughter's son. He's my grandson.
She's my son's daughter. She's my granddaughter.
I made a bet.
He doesn't like to lose.
This is one of the dictionaries I told you about yesterday.
Oh my goodness!
Don't be so gleeful!
Don't let people make you crazy about money, hair and clothes.
Don't you never do that again!
I went to the room.
Would you like to have a glass of water?
Is your wife still in America?
Choose the lesser of two evils.
Bodies grow slowly and die quickly.
Do you really want to break my heart?
You've saved my bacon for me.
You were my savior in times of need.
What I dread most is to get into a rut.
I don't need to eat in a restaurant.
She lit some candles in her room.
Can I have something hot to drink?
It's a legend.
Do you go fishing in lakes?
He lives in a segregrated community.
He lives in a closed community.
Maria said to herself, "I'm really lucky."
All the visitors went back home one after another.
I'm sorry, I have another meeting.
The stocks went down overnight.
He's not taller than me.
The German team lost, and now I'm upset.
Would you please not smoke in this room?
Who needs it?
Do you refer to me?
I saw a strange lady there.
He ruined his health with drinking.
Have you already started learning English?
Let's sit here on a bench.
I will be here until you return.
I was supposed to study English, but I prefer watching this movie.
You talk so fast, I can't get a word.
Do I need to wear a tie?
I'm planning on staying in the city.
They are six people.
I want it with a lot of ice.
It's really infuriating.
He has an important position in the firm.
This cellphone really costs a lot.
Slow down your pace.
You are rich indeed, but I doubt that you are happy.
Return it when you are done.
We haven't seen him anywhere.
Tonight there is a performance of a known cabaret artist.
Tom couldn't stand the pain.
Now you are an adult.
I can't stand her envy.
I am a married man.
We keep in touch.
Can I speak in English?
My grandmother cooked for five.
What do you want to say to me?
What are you trying to tell me?
I would never want this to change.
The girl looked ill.
She is shameless.
I have no doubt English is the most common language in the world.
Clearly, the rumor is false.
The park was crowded.
He pulled a coin out of his pocket.
I've seen the dog.
It's my disk, right?
Stop hanging out with losers!
I will join you.
The previous tenant took care of the apartment.
It's illegal.
I'm sure he trusts you.
She committed suicide yesterday.
I don't mean to be selfish.
What does this word exactly mean?
Do you prefer going to the cinema or to the theatre?
I don't cancel their meetings.
What a beauty she is!
I hope you'll return.
He looks like a sick person.
What's your favorite hang-out?
This will be thirty Euros.
Without water, the flowers die.
He is probably still alive.
What a stench! Do you suffer from gas?
I don't breast-feed their babies.
She has no one to talk to.
Could I go play after reading this book?
I will examine your report.
This man is very humble.
India is poised to surpass China and become the world's most populous country.
Mobiles are so convenient that one can hardly imagine what life would be without them.
Woe to those who are obese in a society where slimness is the norm.
She trusted me.
E.T. phone home.
Globalization destroys the diversity of languages.
She's as mad as a hatter.
Excuse me, where is the post office?
Temper your spirit, warm your heart.
The women went to the celebration dressed to the nines.
You know that we don't have much time right now.
What's your favorite metal song of all time?
Now I want to speak Esperanto.
I don't believe he's a lawyer.
What would you like me to make you for dinner?
I think this guy is serious.
"How long till dinner?" "Five minutes."
My grandfather died three years ago.
Do you believe in life after death?
Oh, what a pity.
This is the key that opened that door.
Both are pretty; I don't know which to choose.
Do any of you know what to do in case of an emergency?
A mother can feed ten children, but ten children can't feed a mother.
I met her again.
The circus will come to town tomorrow.
Something is going on.
There is a mysterious legend surrounding this lake.
We have the boots in green, blue and yellow.
The cup was empty.
I consider Tom a friend.
Your passport photo doesn't look anything like you.
I won't be able to come tomorrow. I hope you will be able to make it without me.
Without his pants, the general looks less impressive.
The right riverside is steep.
He only needs food and rest to live.
I won't return to that terrible place.
No, no! I am going back to town.
Just look at those good-looking men!
What does he do for our town?
Free yourself of sadness, misery and fear!
Go without me!
Apparently he wanted to distract her.
In the north, it's cold in winter.
I love snow. It's so pretty!
For dinner, we had sole. ׁWhat did you have for dinner last night?
Tom is still too young to understand that.
Tom gave Mary his telephone number.
What's your favorite dinner?
If you don't believe me, go see for yourself.
You promise?
I grabbed my little sister's hand, and the two of us started running.
I grabbed my little sister's hand, and the two of us started to run.
Check out this video I filmed with my friends.
That's clear.
We rented out a canoe.
That belongs to us.
I felt dazed when I got up.
Thank you for the last invitation.
Look, my dog is not as dirty as yours.
Where is she?
Big companies need an economy analyst.
Drunkards drink non stop.
I'm going to buy some bread.
Let me welcome you to the Tatoeba Project.
He's been working as a diplomat since many years.
Was it worth it?
The transnationality of the European blogosphere is still underdeveloped.
The depth of the debates has decreased, as the new forms of social media do not provide enough space for the elaboration of long arguments.
The over presence and domination of English in the European blogosphere works against interaction and dissemination of debate.
The excessive presence of the English language does not contribute to an equal and fair debate.
I'm impatient to see the new version of Tatoeba.
The dominance of English kills the European debate.
I feel dizzy every time I get up.
The left hand doesn't know what the right hand is doing.
Boston is cold for me, unlike Chicago.
I haven't eaten the soup and I won't.
Do you see them?
The excessive presence of the English language does not contribute to an equitable and fair debate.
The lack of a public sphere in Europe is being felt increasingly keenly.
The lack of a public sphere in Europe is being felt more and more keenly.
The lack of a public sphere in Europe is being felt more and more.
The dominance of English is killing the European dialogue.
I'm your past.
Why do you need this toothpick?
It's past your bedtime.
It's already past your bedtime.
I'm sorry, but it's past your bedtime.
It's way past your bedtime.
She looked at me and laughed.
They stayed awake all night.
He's getting used to the situation.
He's getting used to this situation.
He's getting used to that situation.
It's not yet a big enough scandal.
There is no escape from fate.
There is no escape from destiny.
That disc cost ten dollars.
Until what time can I call you on the phone?
The old man wrote a letter to his son.
The oldest republic in Europe is named San Marino.
My friend likes to live in the city, but his wife prefers to live in their little cottage in the country.
The man never told the police what his destination was.
When they spoke English to me, it was because they wanted to sell me something. When they spoke Esperanto to me, it was because they wanted to be my friends. Heard from American Esperanto speakers returning from trips abroad.
Bell lived in London, right?
I think this guy is not joking around.
Then the woman felt ashamed and asked for the king’s forgiveness, and he forgave her.
I don’t regret it. To tell you the truth, this has given me some publicity.
Prussian is a Baltic language.
After he stated his belief that prostitution was the oldest profession in the world, he refused to change his mind.
He has no reason to be late.
I don't know if my money is enough.
Put the book there.
He felt perfectly content.
“The Little Prince” is a very popular book that was translated into many languages.
I know what you were doing.
Somebody saw you.
I saw somebody.
I could have sworn I saw somebody.
It was one of the most incredible experiences of my life.
The water was five feet deep.
No, I didn't see anyone.
Have you seen my son?
Have you seen my watch?
He saw it, too.
I'll be right there.
He froze in his tracks.
Can I go now?
Even the pastor's sermon is not beyond criticism.
"How many cakes did the child eat?" - "The child ate one cake."
He almost died.
The child continues to be rambunctious.
Have you noticed anything suspicious?
Give it to me!
She just told me.
I think she's hiding something.
That's all I saw.
She's very emotional.
That's just fascinating.
I've known him for years.
I used to be indecisive, but now I'm not so sure.
‎I am sorry, but I never apologize.
‎I am sure of my insecurities.
Color television! Bah, I won't believe it until I see it in black and white.
Help! I'm being followed by paranoids!
I never eat before breakfast.
He'll definitely go to the U.S.
I'll be back within a couple of hours.
She's a blog addict.
This is the book I read after finishing my homework.
We should pass on our culture to the next generation.
All that Jack does is sleep.
I'm currently a teacher at this school.
We've already prepared for the millennium bug.
My father didn't eat much fruit.
You only gave me fifty cents.
I discovered that speaking English was pretty easy.
The company's going to go bankrupt really soon.
Being unfamiliar with foreign languages, you'll never be able to understand the foreigner's silence.
Please spell your name.
He asked me questions similar to those asked by many others.
Peter never had to help the girl with drawing.
If you're not a loser by nature, then people won't trust you.
College is the time to enjoy yourself to the fullest!
I often use SSH to remotely connect to my computer.
He shaves every day.
He raised the glass to his mouth and drained it all in one shot.
Don't throw out this magazine. I haven't read it yet.
Tom and his buddies slit the throats of eleven men and women.
Being young means you have to go to school.
Bill was too young to take the job.
She's only a shell of her former self.
I feel powerless.
He deserves to know the truth.
I went to the supermarket and bought three oranges, in addition to two soda bottles.
Oh my God! What are you doing!?
I'm just trying to survive.
I'm just trying to get by.
He has not paid his portion of the rent.
He's in danger of being evicted.
He says he likes flowers.
John has a car from Japan.
Science will not solve all of our problems.
What is it really about?
He became a hobo.
It's not as great as it used to be.
Our relationship is not as great as it used to be.
That's what I want most.
That's what I want most in the world.
That's what I want most right now.
That's what I want most of all.
I don't like silence.
Are you afraid of silence?
What does silence sound like?
Leave the lights on!
Her voice grew soft.
Show me what you got!
Acai berries have become popular.
In my head it's all perfectly clear.
I have been studying Chinese for two years.
My father, grandfather, great-grandfather and great-great-grandfather all had the same name as I have.
Watch what you're doing. You almost killed Tom.
Tom suffered from a heart attack and almost died waiting for the ambulance.
What is your favorite movie?
There was nothing left to do - the decision was made.
What are your favorite movies?
It's in God's hands.
May God's will be done.
Maria doesn't have just one dog, she has five!
I don't have one sister, I've got two.
Priests receive health insurance.
The rain makes me strange and introspective.
As soon as I entered the class, the students began asking me questions.
You haven't seen Tom today, have you?
There's nothing like digging up money, it's good fun.
There's blood in my urine.
My uncle had me act as a translator.
I don't sugar my coffee.
Can I trust him?
The boy playing the guitar is my younger brother.
A message on the answering machine:"Please call me back! Until 18.you will reach me on my cell phone, after that on the landline."
All writing systems have advantages and disadvantages.
I didn't know about it, so don't blame me for it.
Wanting things makes us happier than actually having them.
The very pursuit of happiness thwarts happiness.
The meat is roasting.
I have written a letter.
If you think it was my fault, you're barking up the wrong tree.
I am a deeply superficial person.
Bad becomes good when worse happens.
The result was worth zero.
This can not be described with words.
Your proposal sounds good.
The father is educating his son.
Give me the book back once you've finished reading it.
In the bathroom there's a sink, a bidet, a toilet, and a shower. There used to be a bath.
We don't fight for trendy clothes, we fight for justice.
Rather than cry, you should take action!
You are such a nice person! You are so kind to me! Thank you.
Her father was probably killed in a car accident.
I love cheese.
He's shit-faced drunk.
He's bombed.
Don't just whine, do something!
Words cannot describe it.
Why do you use the phrase "calm down" instead of "calm up"?
Are they in Paris?
He gave me a penetrating gaze.
Words could not describe it.
Please lend me your dictionary.
If you have a time, could you translate some sentences below, please?
Could you please lend me your dictionary?
Please loan me your dictionary.
If your mind feeds your sword, your sword will surely feed on your mind.
A country that ignores its own past, that knows absolutely nothing and does not care about knowing anything, won't live to see another day.
I don't play tennis after school.
The Turks held siege over the Castle of Eger for a long time.
Is it a good material?
Tom should have paid Mary.
Tom managed to tell me the truth.
With the travel voucher, trips are cheaper and I can make free transfers.
The supermarket was relatively empty for that time of day.
I don't want to read more.
Nothing is worth more than love.
Some people have a calm temperament or exude courtesy.
I'll forgive, but I won't forget.
She stood and walked toward the window.
Whales are similar to fish in shape.
Experience pays off.
Experience has shown that money does not bring happiness.
Am I making lots of mistakes?
Thank God it's Friday.
You're full of yourself.
As if!
It is similar.
It's similar.
You should allow an hour to get to the airport.
Is it similar to what he did yesterday?
It's not similar at all.
Only the strong can afford to be wrong.
How could I comfort you?
The situation was difficult, but Liisa helped Markku out of a jam.
It's hit or miss.
He forgot to feed the dog.
When Luisa broke into tears, only her best friend approached to console her.
I have a tomcat.
They were arrested along with their friends.
United States shale gas production is one of the worst ongoing ecological disasters.
Is his aunt eating an apple or a banana?
He would do whatever it takes to make money.
You will be praised for speaking the truth.
You will be universally praised for speaking the truth.
I've seen everything.
But do you like it?
As wisdom grows, and so does pain.
I have broken my favourite bracelet.
I always read the label for them.
A few hours after the clouds cleared and the sun came out, and the desert smelled of ozone.
What have you done with my luggage?
I don't understand this reasoning.
If you want to participate, you have to register.
At the moment, things are not going so well for me.
Fabio's car is parked in front of Elena's house.
Put out your cigarette butts before throwing them away!
The photo doesn't do us justice.
Can you give me a euro?
I heard she is married with two children.
One thing is for sure: If you keep up the relationship like this, it won't be good, either for you, or for your children.
We climbed a steep slope.
She is gone shopping.
We need to win.
We really need to win.
Bring your best game.
It may already be too late for him.
Calm your nerves down.
Calm your nerves.
You could hear a pin drop.
There was a ton of pressure on him.
I'm getting tired of losing.
There's no right answer.
It wasn't easy.
Do not attempt this at home.
You have to stay fit.
You have to keep fit.
You have to stay in shape.
The girl was quick as a flash.
All those things are so artfully made!
I'm very fond of Paul-Henri Mathieu since he is the best.
Can I visit a church?
Learn a language for free.
Learning Esperanto, as recent university studies prove, makes foreign language acquisition easier and quicker.
Stop thief!
In this respect, you're right.
For this time of year, the weather is chilly.
I miss you, it's been a week since I last saw you.
A mother's love is unconditional.
Stop laughing!
Don't be so harsh on me please.
He could've done it!
That sounds good!
The thing still bothers me.
What's he on about?
No, and it is also not under the chair.
No, and it's not under the chair either.
And now, where is my pen?
Groups are a good way to share an interest with a small community or the whole world.
Coffee beans are not beans, but seeds, and peanuts are not nuts, but beans.
The cat maimed three squirrels.
I need to take medications.
I think that's great.
Which planet are you from?
I hope that all your dreams come true.
I'm proud of my children.
Math is fundamental to any science.
There's a two hour time difference between Buenos Aires and New Jersey.
About midnight will I go out into the midst of Egypt, and all the firstborn in the land of Egypt shall die.
It turned out that the rumor was false.
I didn't mean to be selfish.
I wish you'd go.
They are eating just now.
He is an excellent speaker.
I know where Tom was born.
I'm left handed.
I'll keep an eye on you!
You've invited your friends as well?
It's very easy to miss this kind of mistake.
I've nowhere to sleep tonight.
You need to hit the clay pigeon.
We went clay pigeon shooting.
It was not an easy decision.
She surprised me.
I know it's not easy.
You nailed it!
He's very rude.
We're screwed.
I have no experience.
Can you forget your native language?
She's a bright student.
We're planning to spend our honeymoon abroad.
That's just awesome.
Do you really want to win?
Once you learn it, you never forget.
Calm down, son.
He's an expert with a slingshot.
Wow, that was fast!
It's harder than it looks.
It's easier than it looks.
I just want to get it over with.
You will love your neighbour as you love yourself.
We were all shocked.
The boredom, routine and lack of curiosity are the major enemies of our brain.
You're mistaken. That's not what I said.
You're wrong. That's not what I said.
Only those who do nothing don't make mistakes.
That book's over here.
Only a hungry person knows the value of hunger.
Didn't you see her by chance yesterday?
Just as rural homeowners had trouble keeping the grass green over the septic tank and drain field in late summer, so only a few desert plants found purchase here.
Her fingers hooked around a juniper trunk, and with her other hand she reached high and found purchase among the stone knobs at the top.
Person of the future: "The calendar of this Unix machine that the ancients built only goes up to January 19, 2038. As such, I am convinced that this marks the day of the Earth's destruction."
Can you recommend to me a place to stay in London?
Can you recommend a place for me to stay in London?
Language learning isn't a short distance race; it's a marathon.
There are some strange animals in that zoo.
Don't bother seeing me to the door.
The teacher was angry with me.
Don't overreact to the bad news -- take it easy.
It looks like you bit off more than you can chew.
The tables have turned.
But, of course, hindsight is 20-20.
The blind leading the blind.
This student is totally out-of-control.
It's time for us to set the record straight about what happened.
The ideas of great thinkers are always warped with the passage of time.
A little pain never hurt anyone.
While I was waiting for the streetcar, I witnessed a traffic accident.
A manservant is a man who works as a servant in a private house.
That's why I don't understand.
A rail is a piece of metal or wood which is long and thin. For example, a train runs on rails, which is why we call it a railway train.
I am nineteen years old.
If I act weird around you, it means I'm comfortable with you.
Tell me that was a joke!
Tell me you're not serious!
Do not intervene in matters which do not concern you!
I'm sorry, I'll pay you back in kind.
I adore your hands.
Can I lick your fingers?
Can I lick your toes?
Perfection doesn't exist.
I was fortunate to see that.
Their performance that year was horrible.
You have clearly laid out your ideas.
If I'll make it, we'll see again in February!
More than 1,more are expected in the next few days.
From the Moon, knowledge.
From the stars, knowledge.
Nobody helped her.
Someone is playing the piano.
Are they coming, too?
I was frustrated.
Skip the boring chapters.
Please note that I am jealous!
Italy is the country where the business of selling snatched pictures of the famous began and gave the world the word "paparazzo".
Send him to me!
All swans are white.
This swan is black.
Can you recommend me a place to stay in London?
Textbooks that claim otherwise sound dubious.
What you don't know can't hurt you.
What you don't know can hurt you.
What you know cannot hurt you.
Science is the belief in the ignorance of experts.
The seat cushions were filled with foam rubber.
According to the contract you may take three days of bereavement leave for your uncle's funeral, but only one for your nephew's.
He does not expect attack that way. His eye is all around, but it attends more to some places than to others. He can't see everything at once, not yet.
May your will be done on Earth as it is in Heaven.
You lack imagination.
I do not think that you should live in a country where people speak your goal language in order to be able to speak it, but certainly you need a real contact with the language in order to command it perfectly.
The context is the most important thing in a translation. A translator might forget a word, but if the context is clear enough to him, he could make himself understood with no problems, but if he gets an isolated sentence with no explanation, he might understand it ambiguously and he won't translate the real meaning from the original language. That's why you should always provide context when asking for a translator's help.
There is nothing like looking, if you want to find something.
She's a voracious reader.
Wow! Is that you? You look wonderful.
What a lovely garden!
There's something wonderful about night walks.
They are pumping freshwater from the river catchment.
Writing English for me has nothing whatsoever to do with England. You have to detach this international language from its land of origin.
I do not think about England, whilst I write in English.
I live in Canada, where English is a common, ordinary language.
Many, however, may wish to know more about this remarkable people from the outset, while some may not possess the earlier book.
International languages like English, Spanish, and French do not really have "countries" anymore, but people know their lands of origin.
Tagalog has no verbal tenses, but Spanish does. Tagalog, though, has verbal aspects.
They were, in fact, sheltered, but they had ceased to remember it.
You are afraid that Latinate languages exude sexuality, to which you are not accustomed.
Friendlier people are not necessarily dumber people.
If you want me to write about Judeo-Christian topics, you have to pay money.
She has good sense.
Most of us have, to some extent, experienced being caught in a cycle like this one: Facing the browser, you hit, like you always do, Ctrl-T to open a new tab, type in the first letter of the website you always visit, and hit "enter"... just to see if anything new has happened.
In its graphical representation, the normal distribution is a bell-shaped curve, with the value growing as one moves closer to the middle and decreasing as one moves away.
He never laughs at my jokes.
He never laughs.
The reform of the Chinese healthcare system is an acknowledgement of its failure.
According to one study, Amazon's sales go down by 1% for every 100-millisecond lag in its loading times.
He couldn't concentrate on the conversation.
I slipped an ice cube down her shirt.
They were playing footsie under the table.
I never meant to say that the conservatives are generally stupid. I meant to say that stupid people are generally conservative.
I thought it would be a good idea.
I miss my mom.
This is fucked up.
I want to see you in my office.
I want to see you in my office this afternoon.
I want to see you in my office right now.
Can I see you in my office?
For some reason, he wasn't able to be completely honest.
Your parents loved us.
Could you tell me your name again?
Turn left!
I was hungry and you've given me something to eat.
It was an incredible place.
Mount Fuji is extraordinary.
He finished all of the exams.
Everyone can be mistaken.
Your parents used to really love us.
How can one achieve such brilliant results?
I think it would be more fun to go together.
I would not go so far as to call Finland a paradise.
Now that you are in Italy, you must see Naples.
His heart sank to his boots.
How are you going to Milan?
He wants me to go with him to Milan by train to visit a friend.
Over the evening it will stop snowing.
I spent a week in Florence last year. I'm sure you'll like it.
He means it seriously.
The village needs your help.
Catch it and bring it to Darwin.
Come and drop by!
Cost what it may.
On the client side, very time-consuming operations should run asynchronously so as to avoid freezing the browser. The best example is the operation of Ajax.
Short and sweet.
A user should have freedom with respect to both hardware and software. An operating system should be open, not closed.
Life's short, so I use Python!
Let us leave it at that!
Liisa accused me of negligence.
She does not let up.
Don't inconvenience yourself!
Do not joke!
Do you want a snail in your eye?
Dignity doesn't cost anything, but I'm the only one who truly possesses it!
His crime is unforgivable.
It is the duty of every patriot to protect his country from its government.
Don't smoke here, it's a hospital!
A country is a dangerous machine.
I do not know that lady.
I was flabbergasted.
But this is an issue to which we will return later.
I'm too old for that shit.
Ever since I learned about the existence of the university, I wanted to attend it.
Ever since I learned about the existence of the university, I wanted to go there.
As long as I've known about the existence of the university, I've wanted to go there.
I'm sorry he committed suicide.
Maybe you don't like reading certain things.
We work for eternity, not for the moment.
He needs assistants.
She needs assistants.
Freeze!
The people of your country have no mental discipline.
And now you wish perhaps to learn on less familiar traps?
Who of those who have read the novel can forget it?
The organization of employers is an organization with a great deal of influence.
I know Portuguese, English, and Russian.
The light is changing from red to green.
I can't express my feelings.
A photograph cannot explain the reasons.
A photograph can't explain the reasons.
I'm in the mood for something sweet.
You can't eat soup with a fork.
I don't like fried fish.
Women talk nonstop.
It's snowing in Paris.
It snows in Paris.
I will be expecting a letter from her.
He still hasn't responded.
Right at that instant, the bus stopped.
You heard correctly.
She had reached her goal.
She had achieved her objective.
His patience reached its tipping point.
A bee sting can be very painful.
The old lady got off the bus.
The old lady stepped off the bus.
Her acute observation skills make her a very suitable photographer.
I found the rare edition that I've been looking so long for.
This store is currently selling vegetables.
I hope you'll get better soon.
I think that it would be better if you hurried.
This guy looks like a fox.
He confessed to the murder.
The tree leaves turned red.
I wrote a letter asking him to return a bit earlier.
Do you know what they call alternative medicine that works? Medicine.
You can use a dreamcatcher to catch your nightmares.
He says it's urgent.
I wrote him a letter asking him to come home soon.
The leaves on the tree have turned red.
The leaves on trees have turned red.
Marcus isn't as tall as Marius.
He always forgets his money.
You will regret this!
I need it today.
That's how it should be.
I don't like scary movies!!!
My girlfriend doesn't like scary movies.
I must hurry.
This is sooo scary!!!
Think outside the box.
"Think outside the box." "What box?"
Do you want to install this free browser add-on?
I'll buy it.
She moved out of her parents' house.
Is this really happening?
We're trapped!
She loves to read Chinese books.
I am very happy, because I am currently learning a little bit of Dutch.
She is a strumpet.
She is a harlot.
She is a doxy.
I will wait for you at the bus stop.
The secret was spread.
I didn't manage to find the address of my hotel.
They congratulated the veteran on his promotion.
Stay there and don't move!
Everything comes at a price.
Liisa eschews public attention.
In general my friends call me Freddy.
He is not to be trifled with.
It dawns on me.
Damacus is located in Syria.
You do have to come along!
No jokes please!
Check the number in the phone book.
Look up the number in the phone book.
Don't take it amiss!
Don't mention it!
Nothing daunts her.
Parking prohibited!
Remember to take good care of yourself!
The debate on spending is pending.
Do not talk nonsense!
You are not authorized to enter there.
He believes that he can prove it.
He held a ball.
As a nationalist feeling, real Japanese think that the heart of their language is the phonemic Kana, not the logographic Kanji.
Often, Kanji is like nonsense in Japanese because it has multiple readings, including the native and the mainland import.
Ten minutes later, our car ran out of gas.
My father died of a subarachnoid hemorrhage when I was fourteen.
Tom reached for a dictionary that was on the very top of the shelf.
Beware of thieves.
Tom is leading Mary astray.
She didn't buy bread.
Is anyone thinking of going to Kos next summer holidays?
If English was good enough for Jesus Christ, it's good enough for me.
It must be time for dinner: I'm terribly hungry.
It's so easy for Americans to say "I love you" but it's impossible to do this in Chinese.
I thought you hated me.
Hey, guys, wait for me!
Thank you for giving me those Italian magazines!
I was happy to see her.
His request is as follows.
My wife buys vegetables from a supermarket nearby.
There isn't a place in this market that isn't lively.
Now that's right.
We can't let Tom in on this.
He asked me if I was happy or not.
It looks like you're thinking about something else.
I think we'd better sing that English song!
I've spent an entire hour waiting for my friend.
That's a no-entry zone.
That area's off-limits.
Please tell me where I should change trains.
"What was that?" "Nothing."
This is sick.
Do you want to do this now?
This still applies to him.
I got dealt a bad hand.
You're certain that you've never met her before?
That's why I told you that you shouldn't go alone.
It's just an expression.
There is no such thing as a thornless rose.
I live in Kazakhstan.
Wouldn't it be better if we went and got a coffee?
Her husband is currently living in Tokyo.
He can't handle it.
You missed a spot.
I had to drag him out of bed.
She slowly lost hope.
Life is a bitch.
Life's a bitch, then you die.
Please give me the exact address.
It's not personal.
I hate this job.
I ran outside.
I have the feeling you had something else in mind.
Mary didn't hesitate.
Mary wasted no time.
My dad gave up alcohol.
We're all in the same boat.
She looked at a few dresses and picked the most expensive one.
You're the best thing that ever happened to me.
Enjoy your day.
Here's your change.
I'm done with you.
I'm not done with you.
I'm not done with you yet.
Crime is down.
We're getting close.
I like the way you think.
The citizens immediately prepared everything to defend the city.
God or nature.
This guy is so lazy!
School sucks.
A lack of sleep affected the singer's performance.
Airplanes land at airports.
All citizens should respect the law.
All future meetings will be held in this room.
An important quality of steel is its strength.
Come early so we can discuss the plans.
Criminals should be punished.
Electric power companies are seeking to reduce their use of coal.
Give me one dollar for the book.
Have they arrived yet?
Help me for just a minute.
I am so sick.
I gave them a present for their anniversary.
I speak for all people.
I studied hard when I was in school.
I suppose you are right.
I was present at school yesterday.
I will go if you go.
It is their right to vote.
It may not be a good idea to eat while you are running.
May I go?
Other scientists are debating his theory about the disappearance of dinosaurs.
Please come to my house for a while.
Schools and roads are services paid for by taxes.
Security was increased in the city.
Something is making the door stick.
Swimming is a form of exercise.
Ten is ten percent of one hundred.
That country has a trade surplus. It exports more than it imports.
That man is a soldier.
The actor's career lasted for thirty years.
The book costs five dollars.
The book fell to the floor.
The book is on the table.
The building collapsed in the earthquake.
The building that I saw was very large.
The chief justice will swear in the president.
The cost of the book is five dollars.
The distance from my house to your house is two kilometers.
The family had its dinner at noon.
The fire was on the first floor.
The government collapsed after a vote in parliament.
The jury found the man guilty of murder.
The mother and daughter represented two generations.
The official dinner took place at the White House.
The path is direct.
The police detained several suspects for questioning.
The police persuaded the criminal to surrender his weapon.
The police recovered the stolen money.
The present time is a good time.
The president ignored the protesters outside his office.
The president takes office tomorrow.
The rebels sabotaged the railroad.
The report on the meeting is ready.
The room was dark.
The storm had a serious effect on the economy.
The sun was shining, yet it was cold.
The talks should begin soon.
The talks will deal with the problem of pollution.
The talks will last three days.
The teacher demonstrated the idea with an experiment.
The test of the new engine takes place today.
The two men were business partners.
The two nations have strong trade ties.
The two sides hold talks this week.
Their goods are of the highest quality.
There was a list of available candidates.
There was only one case of chicken pox at the school.
These shoes fit my feet.
They are the ones who want to go.
They are willing to talk about the problem.
They believe in God.
They called for an end to the fighting.
They formed a swim team.
They may leave tomorrow.
They plan to have a party.
They survived, even though the building was destroyed.
They were members of the middle class.
They were responsible for the accident.
They will hold talks tomorrow.
Water power turns the wheel.
We ask the teacher questions every day.
We can talk about it in the future.
We have only two dollars.
We liked the food, especially the fish.
We should study.
We will present our idea to the committee.
Which students will take the test?
You must go to school.
She complains all the time.
Tom is a kisser.
Did your cat die?
It's not a failure.
They cancelled the festival.
You don't have to pay anything.
I don't really think so.
Due to lack of money the more advantageous solution initially chosen was abandoned in favour of a necessarily less favourable second choice.
Go ahead! Don't be shy!
The key to producing correct sentences is remembering correct examples.
Tom has big, blue eyes.
Tom and Mary have two cats.
One must not break his promise.
Let's see if someone can help me.
That's a waste of time and money.
It's like you don't have a family, so you are talking about my family.
I like to read.
I'll give you a ring.
Stop talking about my family.
Maria got pregnant at the age of 14.
You've really turned black now.
Do you even know how to smell the flowers?
This boy is riding a horse for the first time.
She's used to going to the museum on Sundays.
His success is due more to his persistent hard work than to his talent.
I don't feel like I can trust what he says.
The difference between Earth and the other planets is that Earth has water.
It's been a while since I've had a real vacation.
This article isn't written very coherently.
Whatever you say buddy.
It looks like you've gone out of the frying pan and into the fire.
The two things aren't necessarily mutually exclusive.
I'm interested in things meta-physical.
Love is more powerful than death.
Uh...how does this work?
Everybody ran outside.
He ran outside naked.
She ran outside to see what had happened.
She ran outside half-naked.
I ran outside and the door locked itself behind me.
I ran outside and the door locked itself behind me. It was almost -40.
Oh my God, it's my house!
They were both naked.
Both were naked.
She's an intense woman.
He has a butler and a cook.
What kind of worms are there?
That's just false.
We can talk this through.
I often study with music.
I have a hunch that the show will be cancelled; they haven't sold many tickets.
Stay out of this!
Do not try to avoid responsibility.
If you drink and drive, you're a bloody idiot.
An empathetic girl can empathize with a friend's feelings.
Meanwhile I can make myself understood.
They're not quarreling, but rather rehearsing a play.
I thought that Tom was exaggerating.
I caught a big fish yesterday with my bare hands.
I'm going to get some grub and I'll be back.
Someone like you won't be able to do that.
Someone like you doesn't deserve this punishment.
Someone like you doesn't deserve to be in this place.
I had never seen someone like your father.
Someone like you can change the world.
It's people like them who make every day special.
It's people like you who make the world go round.
There will always be people like me.
I'll never meet someone like her.
I'll never find someone like him.
All my life I've wanted to meet someone like me.
All my life I've wanted to meet someone like you.
It's not that high off the ground.
Does it get much sun?
How late is the last train?
Everybody learns their own language and never makes any effort to learn even one word of other languages.
The house I bought is pretty far from downtown.
I hope you have enjoyed your trip.
You needn't to be afraid.
She was a real gem of a person.
Something like this can happen to anyone.
Things like that happen.
I sit down for so long.
Focus on your mission!
Concentrate on your mission!
Concentrate on the mission!
Concentrate on our mission!
It's also important to women that their men be circumcised.
When the person is old enough, he can get circumcised.
You should have kept that secret.
A very beautiful picture is hanging on the wall.
Is your mother tongue Chinese?
Her life goal is to marry a rich man.
Don't mistreat small animals!
That girl smiled and waved to me.
There's a huge number of people there.
I get tongue-tied in front of you.
Would you like to eat lunch with me?
Your room is big.
I need an apple.
Strictly forbidden.
I don't understand the meaning of this phrase.
He never said that.
He plays golf every weekend.
This is his plane.
He confused us.
I like to eat lamb kebabs.
When does the game begin?
His ideas don't deserve to be heard.
She has a big butt.
Please check it out and let me know what you think about it.
To gain time we took the plane.
I don't want to cause any inconveniences.
Why didn't they appear?
Why didn't they show up?
TATOEBA could be an acronym in various languages: The All-inclusive Treasury Of Examples Beautifully Arranged.
His grandfather died of cancer last year.
Her grandfather died of cancer last year.
In the store, there's not a soul to listen to us.
Do you frequent any clubs?
You don't dress yourself.
I was born on an ill-fated day.
I'm a farmer.
Wouldn't it be better for us to go to the movies rather than to a theater?
Evil spirits are mean.
Bye for now.
How far apart are the contractions?
Are those your bags?
Is this your briefcase?
Is this my passport?
Is this our flight?
Is that your package?
You didn't put your flight number.
You didn't put the passport number.
You didn't put the port of embarkation.
You didn't put anything.
You didn't put the number of pieces.
I only have clothes.
I only have personal items.
I only have this briefcase.
I only have this baggage.
I only have two pieces.
It was the Pan Am flight.
It was the Varig flight.
It is the Varig flight.
It is the flight from Recife.
It is the flight to Recife.
Is this your baggage?
Is this your suitcase?
Is this your flight?
Are you going to stay here in Rio?
Are you going to work here in Rio?
Are you going to stay here in the hotel?
Are you going to have dinner here with me?
Are you going to wait here in the consulate?
Could you carry these suitcases for me?
Could you carry this shopping bag for me?
Could you open this door for me?
Could you take this book for me?
Could you type this letter for me?
Someone is waiting for me.
Someone is looking at me.
You are confusing me.
She is teaching me.
Yara is avoiding me.
Long live the USSR!
It's a fruit.
It's a plant.
It's my suitcase.
It was my suitcase.
It was a good example.
How many suitcases do you have?
How many shopping bags do you have?
How many plants did you buy?
How many things did you buy?
I'm only bringing personal items.
I'm only bringing in a plant.
I'm only bringing two suitcases.
I'm only bringing this shopping bag.
I'm only bringing used clothes.
Can you change these dollars?
Can you change these travelers checks?
What is the exchange rate for the dollar?
I wonder if we lost our luggage.
Today I have to study.
I have to stay.
I had to tell the truth.
She didn't like the idea.
They all wanted a taxi.
The suitcase wasn't mine.
They didn't speak English very well.
We had too much clothing.
Who carried the luggage?
I opened all my suitcases.
They arrived on flight 201.
They passed through customs in São Paulo.
We arrived at Viracopos at one o'clock in the morning.
You have to meet my children.
She didn't stay because she had to go to the dentist.
I had to open my suitcase.
If nature were a bank they would have saved it already.
Jefferson was a plantation owner, and he owned slaves which he freed in his will.
It was a beautiful marriage proposal.
We want a government so small it can fit in a vagina.
He has always liked to drive at a dangerous speed.
They stick together like glue.
Things happen.
The doctor saved me from certain death.
If you're seeking information about the Esperanto movement in Indonesia, please visit the webpage.
Why didn't you just sell it?
Where is the city of Paris?
Why did she do it?
What time will the train arrive in Yokohama?
The television is broken.
I think he is sick.
Modern methods have pushed industry forward.
So far, they haven't arrived.
I'm not used to treatment like that.
She has taught music for thirty years.
Ken and his little brother are very alike.
My dad saves some of his wages every week.
I think I'll be very busy, but after the test I will have more time.
I bought a watch in that shop.
I hope he can help you.
It's still kilometres to Paris.
That drunk driver is responsible for the accident.
I returned the knife that I borrowed.
Thoughts and feelings are illustrated by words.
He's in the hospital right now.
We hope prices are going to drop.
The government sends goods to that little island by helicopter.
No matter what you say, I just won't believe you.
He's crying.
I refused her invitation to dinner.
Is there a washing machine in her house?
She cooks delicious food for herself.
Mary has to go to school.
Robert likes to chat with his boyfriend.
Can I speak to Mr Sato?
Let's find somewhere to sit at the front.
Should I buy something?
I saw her sweep the room.
He made all of the clothes himself.
Next year she will be 17.
He and his mother went shopping.
I saw her wash the car.
I want to climb to the peak of Mount Kitadake.
Please don't cry any more.
Most Hollywood films have happy endings.
I don't like to use Google Translate.
Happy holidays!
I couldn't stop myself from laughing.
Sometimes I walk home from work and sometimes I cycle, because I live close to where I work.
I apologise for arriving late.
We should offer children free movie tickets as an incentive to attend school.
Your country is already beautiful and it has still a potential to be even better.
Were you born in England? You don't seem to have a British accent.
They didn't specify the year.
One day, Elisa left for Madrid.
Madrid's air is bad for me.
If I'm living in Madrid now, there's surely a reason!
Let's hope it's better than the first one.
That is an epic novel.
The cat is twenty years old.
The book costs dollars.
Tom will have to do the work.
Her chastity belt set off the metal detector at the airport.
It's for you.
You can't do this to us.
I don't even vote.
It's your duty to vote.
I can live with that.
I'm not taking no for an answer.
Tom has enough time.
They invited them to dinner.
Our servers are currently experiencing heavy load.
We are currently experiencing heavy loads on our servers.
We will have to upgrade our servers.
I have some very good news.
What does he want in return?
What does she want in return?
Where does the devil live?
At some point the United States will elect a female president, and it won't be a pretty sight.
You have lots of time.
If you don't have any ideas of your own then you just have to steal some.
You are in very serious trouble.
You are in serious trouble.
She's in serious trouble.
He's not a bad kid.
You don't have to worry about me.
Sergio has been here for a week.
We have been here for three weeks.
We have been here for two days.
I have been here for one week.
I have worked here for a week.
I have lived here for six weeks.
George has lived there for six weeks.
How long has George lived there?
How long has George worked there?
How long has George been in Rio?
How long has George studied Portuguese?
How long has George lived here?
How long has George worked in Rio?
How long have you known Luis?
How long have you been married?
How long has Luis had a Volkswagen?
How long has Lourdes worked with you?
How long has Afonso lived there?
Unexpectedly, I struck fortune.
I aimed at a sparrow, but shot down a goose.
I have been here for two years.
I have known George for a month.
They have lived in Brazil for only five days.
He has worked in the embassy for three months.
He hasn't eaten for three days.
I haven't spoken with Luis for two weeks.
We have known Paul for a long time.
Gloria hasn't lived in Rio for many years.
He has been a teacher for four years.
I haven't felt well for two days.
They have studied here for six months.
They have been in Brazil for one year.
Rosa has been a secretary for many years.
Milton hasn't slept well for a week.
I have wanted to go to Brazil for many years.
He has spoken English well for many years.
He has not been able to work for many years.
I have been living here for many years.
I have studied Portuguese for two months.
He has been here for three days.
I left New York two weeks ago.
I arrived two weeks ago.
I ate lunch two hours ago.
I got up an hour ago.
I studied there a year ago.
I lived there three years ago.
I bought it a month ago.
John arrived a week ago.
Hey guys, we've got company!
You need a ride?
Do you need a ride, babe?
The taller the tree, the more likely it is to be struck by lightning.
I'm someone ambitious - someone who knows very well what he is after.
I'm someone ambitious - someone who knows very well what she is after.
He owes me a favor.
He owes me one.
She owes me a favor.
They need new shoes.
Mary needs new shoes.
It was a waste of time.
What have you got to lose?
Can you explain the exact meaning of this word?
Our teacher is someone who likes precision, and always demands precise answers of her students.
This cartographer is famous for the precision in his maps.
This cartographer is famous for the precision in her maps.
No one is allowed to translate this sentence.
It was consensual.
We made an agreement to meet exactly at ten.
This is not my problem.
We challenge you.
We resist you.
We oppose you.
We confront you.
We face you.
Pardon my French.
This is bullshit.
John has five apples.
John has five apples. He gives one to Mary. How many pears are left in the bag?
Where do you see yourself in five years?
I don't think your mother will like it.
You're out of line.
Answer me!
You could at least return her calls.
Please put your shirt on.
She sounded mad.
I'll get back to you on this.
It hurt, but I didn't cry.
Kim arrived back home safely.
Sébastien got married three days ago.
That's cheating.
He will soon be back.
He is arriving shortly.
Which photos did she choose?
Which books did you forget to bring with yourself?
Why do koalas not have a navel?
The first thing you learn in a language are swear words.
I didn't try to go any further.
Where is the other end of this thread?
Many philosophers come from Greece.
There once were many nymphs and goddesses in the forests and waters.
Actinium is a radioactive element.
Actinium-occurs in uranium ore.
Actinium-is a decay product of uranium-235.
Actinium was discovered by André-Louis Debierne in 1899.
Actinium is a silvery metal.
Actinium melts at 1,051°C.
Actinium vaporizes at 3,198°C.
How long has Agnès been here?
Where do you use Esperanto?
Where do you speak Esperanto?
The more precise the calculations, the stronger the friendship.
I need the exact address so that I may go there.
It hurts to see Mary suffer so.
Don't fix it if it ain't broke.
Laugh before breakfast, you'll cry before supper.
I like learning old languages.
Mary was proud of her beauty.
I hope that you are not angry.
It's not cool.
It's so cool!
It'd be nice if you could sing.
It would be lovely if one could ride a bike around town.
If time permits, I'll come.
Eric is an eternal optimist.
Alice was unfaithful to Eric.
I can't depend on you anymore.
I don't want to have anything to do with that.
The future depends on us and our generation.
My father lived in Nagoya for years.
Do you find that washing machine easy to use?
When unlike is joined to unlike, the result is called harmony.
The cock crows. The sound made by him is "cock-a-doodle-doo."
What's his name again?
He behaved as it should be.
I like women, I like wine.
We could give it a try.
Let's not forget.
Mary has dinner at seven.
I don't like scary movies.
Let's not forget the real reason we're here.
Let's not forget that Tom doesn't understand French.
Let's not forget we never could have done this without Tom's help.
He's now on the boat.
He's now aboard the ship.
Anyway.
He asked me if I were happy.
I continued reading the book.
Where is the journey taking us?
We have to stay here whether we want to or not.
Tom asked me if I was happy and I said I was.
Tom wondered whether Mary was happy with how John had handled the situation.
When we moved to our new home we've slept all day because it was laidback.
We got there late because the hotel was so laid back.
I was so laidbacked that I had slept without realizing.
We faced some stiff competition.
Our rival was an honest, competitive person as well.
It's homemade.
Where did you meet each other?
Arguments can be disruptive at work.
Working shifts can be extremely disruptive to family life.
Train services have been disrupted by the bad weather.
Child: "I need to go to the loo." - Mother: "Number one or number two?"
My aunt gave me flowers.
In Arabic culture, men say that vanity belongs to women.
She's really vain about her looks.
The man complains, because the dog is barking, or vice versa?
"What does the dog say?" - "Bow, wow."
As I must confess to my shame, I lied.
There's always a woman in between.
Criminals should go to jail.
Not all criminals should go to jail.
You look so cool.
"You don't know how to smoke?" "Of course I know how to smoke!"
You're not aiming high enough.
Lava lamps are awesome.
Something was wrong.
She never told me.
He told me just the opposite!
Buying a new TV won't make you happy.
Hey guys, it's getting late.
He's a metrosexual.
He's a freelance journalist.
It keeps me up at night.
What keeps you up at night?
What difference does it make if people are looking at us?
People are looking at us.
It tastes like chicken.
They don't have a car.
Give it a shot.
Any questions?
I'm not a fool.
How do you start to learn a new language?
Tom has been sitting in front of his computer for hours today.
Walking to work in this heat isn't a good idea.
Tom tried to leave, but Mary stopped him.
Tom showed Mary several pictures of his house.
I couldn't believe Tom would really say no to me.
When is she coming back?
What did he do to you?
Will you be eating here or is this to go?
Will that be for here or to go?
The moon has come out.
The moon is out.
Lasagna is one of my favorite foods.
My my! Don't you look handsome!
"I'm looking for a song name." "How does it go?" "It goes like da dada da da."
I've had this song stuck in my head for two days!
The forecast calls for rain.
We were talking that this guy I know walked by.
Shall we go to a little more upscale restaurant?
This is a low end restaurant.
I was tossing and turning all the night.
Why would you go all the way to city to get a burger when there are many burger places here across the street.
She said she can't come, what a party pooper!
Damn! This toaster tries to make a monkey out of me.
I'm feeling a little under the weather today.
It's a blessing in disguise.
I know I can trust you.
Do you like to play computer games?
dwm is my window manager of choice.
Having broken the mirror, Roksolana grew worried: she believed in omens, and a broken mirror promised her seven unhappy years.
He came amiss.
'It must be very scary to be you,' Janina said in a whisper.
Black cats bring bad luck.
But now, when only one step was left to reach the goal, Orestes suddenly lost his courage.
Su Shi and Su Ziyou promised to remember each other every rainy night.
It's an emergency!
There's an emergency.
There's an emergency situation.
Liisa is so absorbed in her book that she sees or hears nothing.
I wished I could express myself in a way that would be safe, clear, friendly and appropriate to the situation.
Quickly buy all required items.
Purchase any necessary articles quickly.
The failure shamed Liisa.
The police searched Tom Smith's house.
Tom Smith's home got searched by the police.
I had another dream. In my dream, I saw a perfect dictionary.
My name is Dušana.
The Persian cat slept on the table.
At what time does the market open?
Let me know when you're done!
What is John doing right now?
On such a cold day I don't want to go out without a warm coat.
He gave me a call.
She held the kitten like mother gorillas hold their babies.
He's not a surgeon, but a butcher.
Sorry, I can't stay for long.
She is gaining weight.
She asked me whether I know how to sew.
"Why don't you come?" "Because I don't want to."
It rained for three days.
She gained weight.
Wasn't he fine in jail?
Wasn't she fine in jail?
They should be put in jail.
Spit it out!
I wonder if he's still in jail!
I wonder if she's still in jail!
Those objects strewn about are a woman's "projection" of what is happening in her own life.
When you are talking to someone, sometimes you are unaware that subtly, you are talking about yourself and what is happening in your own life.
They came with kith and kin.
They came with bag and baggage.
The came with kit and caboodle.
Some believe that there is a brain part that is responsible for insults and it is more active in some people. It is a sickness, sometimes endemic in an entire race.
I'm fed up with it.
I'm slow to adapt to new situations.
If there are difficulties give me a call!
I was young at the time.
Trust me on that.
Do you want to play with me?
"Do you want to play with me?" "Not with you!"
He got kicked off the team.
He turned a blind eye.
I gave you my word.
He gave me his word.
Stay in the car.
I'm not a saint.
She's not a saint, you know.
I need a volunteer.
We need a volunteer.
This interview has been cueing her up for a run in the next election.
No one wanted to volunteer.
It's a delicate situation.
Forget about that.
My shirt was ruined.
Everything is for the best in the best of all possible worlds.
If this is the best of all possible worlds, what are the others like?
If you can't do it, I'll find someone who can.
She invited me over for coffee.
"She invited me over for coffee." "Did you go?" "I don't like coffee."
Mules are sterile.
Shut up and kiss me!
Total tosh.
What a bad movie!
I want to punch you in your face.
I wanted to punch him in the face.
I'm very impressed.
She's a natural.
In reality, translation is akin to working for peanuts, since the corresponding meaning of something in one language is often hidden in some deep and impenetrable recesses of the other. As a result, the translator is forced to search all over... Never mind that the picky reader is very difficult to fool.
My hands are cold.
My parents aren't home.
My parents are not home.
Where do I find that?
Can I come over?
Hang in there.
It shouldn't be much longer.
Is your father stern?
I'm punishing you for your negligence.
Democracy is the government of the people, by the people, for the people.
Better to remain silent and be thought a fool than to speak out and remove all doubt.
The last days of January happened to be cold.
I had to learn the hard way that it is not advisable to drive your car when you're drunk.
There is a boy.
The pursuit of truth is admirable.
He missed on purpose so as not to kill me.
It's time for small children to go to bed now.
I always lock my room.
Someone locked me in the room.
All of my wife's relatives are my in-laws.
We are now in-laws, seeing as our kids got married.
Because our kids got married, we are now in-laws.
I often visit my relatives.
Almost everyone in our village is related to one another.
I don't want to be related to you!
The poor man has no relatives.
The hurricane damaged the small house.
He commands the respect of a king.
Actually they're richer than us.
"Is this small house yours?" "Yes, it's ours. We bought it last year."
We'll have a small comfortable house.
We will have a small comfortable house.
The hurricane is coming dangerously close.
You're reliable like a shack in the middle of a hurricane.
You are reliable like a shack in the middle of a hurricane.
Did you make a cake?
Can you come here for a minute?
Apparently, I got too drunk.
I need to relax.
Do you want to see my snake?
Do you want to see my cat?
Do you want to see my room?
I didn't know you had a snake.
He has a big house and two cars.
Cats are the top threat to wildlife. They already are responsible for the global extinction of thirty three species and kill billions of wild birds and mammals each year.
You did not learn about people from Star Trek.
I want blue eyes!
I would like some bread and butter please.
I play football.
In my pencil case, I have a rubber.
Bring those men here.
When he was young, he liked to go by bike.
I read the Times.
He lives with his mother.
"Where is your father?" "I don't have one."
I don't have time to relax.
The time to relax is when you don't have time for it.
This is what happens when you don't pay attention to what you're doing.
Pay attention to what you're doing.
I am in this restaurant.
I want more money.
Do you want to see my bedroom?
Maths is a good subject.
There is a lack of long-term vision for Europe.
Today's newspapers recounted a meeting of Esperantists.
He looks down on everybody else.
I'd like bread and butter, please.
I didn't know that you owned a snake.
He's got a large house and two cars.
Everybody likes money.
The poor don't get richer when the rich get poorer.
Here's Japan's flag.
I don't want to be rich. I just don't want to be poor.
It's a shame that the singer died so young.
The enemies of my enemies are my friends.
You must obey your parents.
All of these apples are very sweet.
It's very difficult to know oneself.
That's not completely wrong.
The post office is in the town centre.
It seems no one paid any attention to what he said.
I suppose you won't mind if I take one.
Whilst it's not broken, it's not necessary to fix it!
I don't tolerate incompetence.
Where are we going after?
She never saw her.
She never saw it.
She never saw him.
I want to be an astronaut.
Tom had a propensity for looking the other way when spoken to.
An ounce of wit that is bought is worse a pound that is taught.
One must have conviction in law, or its existence will be superficial only.
Fear is more harmful than the sharpest of swords.
Come on, come on, come on, look.
While he was waiting for the train, he listened to music and sent text messages.
The teacher confiscated a student's phone because he was texting in class.
Tom sent me an interesting text.
Smog was very heavy today.
Emili is pretty.
He wants to squish the spider.
Who loves you?
Is that sweet?
Are more people coming?
Give me a lollipop!
Which bug hurt you?
Whom did you go with?
He loves to eat.
Ken, I love you.
Who is that?
Who is your girlfriend?
Why did you go to the city?
Who is your wife?
What place do you want to go to?
Keli’s child is funny.
I am a Toki Ponan.
He is a good musician.
The captain of the ship is eating.
Meow.
Enya’s music is good.
Which people of this group are important?
Our house is messed up.
How did she make that?
Linda’s fruit is bad.
Susan’s clothes are dirty.
I don't know their names.
I don't want to talk about music.
I want to talk about girls.
How did you break the tool?
Washington was a good leader of America.
The desires of evil people mess things up.
There are sayings, phrases, idioms and proverbs in every language which can not be translated literally.
These twin brothers are as alike as two peas in a pod.
A penny for your thoughts!
They have no children, for all I know.
This organization was founded one hundred and eleven years ago.
In the shadow of the Leaning Tower of Pisa sits the town storyteller, eating a bowl of pea soup. After that he tells some children the fairy tale "The Princess and the Pea".
It is used under the condition with spatial gradient field of T/m (value extrapolated) and less.
This morning I was up very early.
We need all the help we can get.
Do you see that moustachioed man over there?
I deserve better than this.
His abs were flat and toned.
She didn't much care for his constant advances toward her.
Get Unlimited Space Now!
I read a lot of books in English.
It's only temporary.
Is Tom on the boat?
Tom cleaned his glasses.
He is expected to go abroad next year.
I have heard of this song some time ago.
Is there a lot of flowers in this garden?
I have not seen such beautiful flowers.
There are some books that you are looking for that may be found.
I don't like the house he is living in.
The only thing you have to do is shut your mouth.
He left the house.
Too bad, you need to leave for Japan.
"I have the wrong life," was his last words.
As for my father, he has not gone abroad until now.
Do you eat chilies?
Women have beautiful cheeks.
Actually we wanted to go to the movies on Saturday, but we changed our mind and stayed at home.
I will miss this place.
I'll let you study.
I'm letting you study.
The horse has four legs and still stumbles sometimes.
Do we support this?
Do I have to pay the tax?
We are working hard.
We're working hard.
Your password has just been sent. Check your email.
The specified email is already registered.
The password is too short. It has to be longer than letters.
The passwords don't match.
Give me a hammer.
We made something wrong.
Your password has just been changed.
I am looking for someone to learn English with.
If you want we can use English.
Thanks for the visit.
I like your website.
The river is long.
Mary is thirsty.
My aunt died of leukemia.
When the father came home, I watched TV.
The silver is on the table.
Today I picked up my four-year-old nephew from kindergarten.
Sooner or later I'll take a hammer and destroy everything I see.
"Listen to me," said the Demon, placing his hand upon my head.
He's an ex-con.
Wolverine is an X-Man.
It's time to open the third wardrobe.
I own a miniature schnauzer.
Is there any other way I can pay you?
We should hang out.
We should hang out sometime.
We should hang out more.
He owns an iguana.
I hate fluorescent lights.
I hate fluorescent lighting.
You're on to something.
I meant to ask you a question in the meeting but I missed out.
They are very this-is-what-you-paid-for type of thing.
Sorry, I know you've been sidetracked by the issue many times, but I have a question.
Today isn't really convenient for me.
It needs to be done in the same way.
These things are very hard to come by these days.
If the budget gets exceeded then we will need to kick in a couple of dollars.
Yesterday evening? As in what time?
Nowadays toilet and bathroom is one piece.
My backyard is one step down and lower than the ground.
I haven't bothered checking it.
It fills it up way too fast!
Forward this to everyone you know.
Please forward this to as many people as possible.
Please tell me you're joking.
Please tell me you're kidding.
I can't place him.
I can't place her.
I'll tell my mom!
I'll tell my mom on you!
I'll take that into consideration.
I'll take it into consideration.
I'll tell my dad!
It's not a pyramid scheme.
It's not a pyramid scheme, it's a gifting circle!
That explains a lot.
I know this must come as a shock.
He loved me, but he doesn't love me anymore.
She kissed my cheek.
She did it slowly.
I got one for Christmas.
Is there life on Mars?
Me too!
Do you have a shoehorn?
He drives a pimped-out Cadillac Escalade.
Let's bounce.
I thought I was cool.
She's a tall, statuesque blonde with blue eyes.
I have no problem with this.
She introduced me to her sister.
The police raided the speakeasy.
Al Capone used the Tommy gun.
He paid the money back.
She didn't pay back the money.
It's against my religion.
When I came to the ticket office at in the morning there were many people there already. Some of them had come at 6. So I didn't get the tickets I had promised Peter.
I can never remember names however hard I try.
I'm on my lunch break.
I talked to him when we were in the cinema.
I can never get Nina on the phone.
Fuck my life.
He was stunned by her beauty.
He was distracted by the beautiful girl.
I knew it would happen.
I knew it would happen sooner or later.
Are aliens real?
I miss him a lot.
I miss her a lot.
I think about him a lot.
I think about her a lot.
He's fresh off the boat.
This rice is sticky.
Thanks for translating my sentences.
Thanks for all the fish.
Humans originated in Africa.
I'm an ex-marine.
Don't be afraid to make mistakes.
The word you use depends on your intended meaning.
Does anyone of you know them?
Working four days a week is great for errands.
I'm giving them to him tomorrow.
I'm giving them to her tomorrow.
It seems that I have known you all my life.
I'd rather get punched five times than shot once.
I've decided to study kanji.
How small your cat is!
Couldn't you wait another month to come?
Inventing a star like you isn't simple.
Wasn't it scary?
We aren't the Americans!
I don't have these colors!
I didn't say they must suppress it.
I didn't understand it yet.
Help me to make it grow!
Help me to make her grow!
He said it with a broad grin.
I should visit Kyoto.
This is an open source project.
You can use or contribute to this project.
He ogled a girl outside a pub.
If it's not for sale, don't advertise.
I just wanted to get her attention.
One of your boobs fell down.
What was I thinking?
I never thought anything of it.
Thou art very beautiful.
That book is old.
Humans are the only animals that wear clothes.
A green tea, please.
Sometimes translations do create ambiguity.
I'd like a Toyota.
What's the right spirit to adopt when learning a language?
It won't happen to me.
The exact same thing happened to me.
She had her navel pierced.
She's a straight-A student.
She's not the only beautiful girl in the office.
We know each other quite well.
He sat beside her on her bed.
I didn't think it could happen to me.
Your daughter is very pretty.
Happy birthday to your wife!
Happy birthday to your son!
Happy birthday to your husband!
She stretched out her legs.
It's a mad, mad world.
It's a very stressful job.
Watch out for zombies.
We were attacked by zombies.
What's the most fun you've ever had?
He laughed nervously.
I don't think you really want to know.
She wriggled her toes.
He's the class clown.
There are exceptions.
He doesn't stand a chance.
She doesn't stand a chance.
She told me that I could sleep on the sofa.
It's worth a trip.
She was on the verge of tears.
French is the language of love.
The first time is free.
He's a nonsmoker.
I want a flat stomach.
He told me that I could sleep on the sofa.
My friend has been here this week.
He carried a knife or something similar.
It's a fish.
She took a sip of her drink.
They spent the afternoon around the pool.
They're sunbathing around the pool.
I'm wearing my swimsuit under my clothes.
He's incredibly talented.
She's incredibly talented.
I suppose you've got a point.
I suppose she's got a point.
I suppose he's got a point.
It was hard to believe.
It's hard to believe.
It's about four blocks from my house.
They went to the public swimming pool.
I heard a strange noise coming from the kitchen.
I could not refuse.
I had the time of my life.
I'm very proud of my son.
I'm very proud of my daughter.
I grew up in a poor family.
I never had to worry about money.
Things are about to get ugly.
I need to do this.
You need to do this.
Everyone needs to do this.
It's a bargain.
It's a dead giveaway.
Don't fall for it!
Coke or Pepsi?
Do you prefer Coke or Pepsi?
How was the wedding?
What do you like about it?
We stopped for lunch at a local restaurant.
She barely ate her lunch.
I was shaken.
She was shaken by the accident.
I swim here every morning.
There's nothing worse than that.
Don't understand.
Welcome to the club.
It's not hard to find.
"Who's speaking, please?" "Your boss."
Thanks to his experience, he had an edge over the rest.
Dad went out to get postcards.
Oh, shut up!
I'm not gonna do anything about it.
I'm not going to do anything about it.
Are you going to do something about it?
What keeps you going?
I'm worth more than this.
She stole my clothes!
She's still single.
He's still single.
This is a private matter.
Tell me where she is.
Tell me where he is.
How old is she now?
How old is he now?
Is that what you were talking about last night?
Were you at the cinema last night?
I went to the cinema, but I didn't enjoy the film much.
Did you score last night?
Are you up for it?
Have you ever been in love?
How many times have you been in love in your life?
It was obviously a joke.
Get away from me!
The teacher writes on the blackboard.
Being poor is expensive.
I've given this a lot of thought.
I've given it a lot of thought.
You look like you're about to throw up.
She looks like she's about to throw up.
Are we broke?
My house, my rules.
The water is great!
I didn't have a choice.
This is not funny!
Hey, guys, it's not funny anymore.
Hey guys! That's not funny!
Thank you for stopping by.
Don't do this to me! It's not funny!
It's not funny! Stop it!
Hey guys, I think I found something.
Come on, guys. This is not funny anymore.
I love to see you laugh.
I love to see you smile.
You don't know what you're doing.
Do you know what to do with this?
Do you know how to do this?
It's my last offer.
This is my final offer.
You're not going to believe this.
What time is it there now?
They just left.
He just left.
That house is small, but it's big enough for us.
Nice wheels.
I got her phone number.
You're not normal.
He's loaded.
She's loaded.
I just want to be normal.
I'd love to meet him.
I'd love to meet her.
Women love that.
You'll ruin everything.
I can't accept this.
That's more recent than you think it is.
It's only when I have things I have to do that I find I want to do things I don't have to do.
Keep driving.
Take a hike!
I can't wait to meet him.
I can't wait to meet her.
She will be here tonight.
We can easily forgive a child who is afraid of the dark; the real tragedy of life occurs when men are afraid of the light.
I'd like a cheeseburger and a coke.
Study about different brain waves to see why you think that you are always working.
It is harder to crack a prejudice than an atom.
Eternal rest grant unto them, O Lord, and let perpetual light shine upon them.
Is there a telephone in the kitchen?
He is slowly catching up.
We had to think on our feet.
A DNA test proved he was innocent.
He will be here today.
I'm broke and tired.
We walked to my room.
Are you gay?
Have you told your parents?
They don't know yet.
He doesn't know yet.
She doesn't know yet.
Hurry up, girls.
I was no match for him.
I was no match for her.
We were always together.
She looks good for her age.
He looks good for his age.
What kind of movies do you like?
I love shopping!
I hate shopping.
She loves shopping.
He hates shopping.
I tried everything.
All the languages are subject to variations.
Would you like to have a look?
You can't win every time.
Your mother is going to kill me.
I love my family.
You little runt!
Do you mind if I take off my sweater?
They've bet the farm on it.
Because thou sayest — I am rich, and have grown rich, and have need of nothing, and hast not known that thou art the wretched, and miserable, and poor, and blind, and naked.
How can I make him stop?
I'm sorry I'm calling you at work.
I told you not to call me at work.
Where the hell have you been?
Keep an eye on her.
I hate spinach.
I ate some spinach.
Why didn't I listen to you!
Why didn't you listen to me?
Why didn't you listen to him?
Why didn't you listen to her?
Why did you listen to him?
Why did you listen to her?
Why did you listen to them?
Call 911!
I just wanted to see what it was like.
I want to ride a pony!
The hotel was expensive, but the daily rate included breakfast.
I forgot where the car was.
I forgot what they called him.
I forgot that Barbara spoke French.
I forgot that Cristina read English.
I forgot that the daily rate included breakfast.
He is the person I was waiting for.
She is the person I was waiting for.
He set a precedent.
There's a radio in my room.
He fell to the floor.
Switzerland is a very beautiful country that is worth a visit.
Is there anyone else who can answer?
He came minutes late.
Don't provoke me.
Be careful. He's not an easy one to swindle.
Be on your guard. He's not an easy one to fool.
Let's not beat around the bush here! I'm pregnant, and you're the kid's father.
Let's not beat around the bush! I'm pregnant, and you're the baby's father.
You've fallen in love with me?
There's nothing more important than friendship.
Nothing is more important than friendship.
I require an apple.
Somewhere in this world, there must be an apple that needs me.
If it rains, we'll cancel the trip.
Success doesn't taste of anything and doesn't smell of anything, and once you've gotten used to it, it's as if it never even existed.
Friendship is just like peeing your pants; everyone can see it, but only you can feel its true warmth.
You don't know how hard you held on until you let go.
Revenge can't satisfy your feelings just like salt water can't quench your thirst.
An eye for an eye makes the whole world blind.
Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none.
Above the clouds, the sun keeps on shining.
Life is nothing more than a vacation between two slices of eternity.
An "experience" is a nightmare in preterite tense.
At times, a small gift can serve as a testament of a great love.
Unbroken happiness is a bore: it should have ups and downs.
His right eye is blind.
He has an evident need of medical attention.
She has an evident need of medical attention.
To speak a foreign language is to break a boundary. To speak many languages is to break several. But to speak Esperanto is to want to break all at once.
You must unmask the imposter.
He is a masked hero; what could he ever be hiding?
He is a masked hero; we can trust him.
The food was finger-licking good.
I dipped my finger into the honey.
He's a very nice boy.
She's a very nice girl.
Rules are made to be broken.
I'll fix your wagon.
I'll fix your sink for you if you want.
You can sleep on the couch.
Don't get any ideas.
He was like a father to me.
I'm a black belt in karate.
Honey, I love you.
He's not worthy of you.
I have to work tomorrow.
Can you spare some change?
Hey, guys. What's up?
We will talk about this later.
How could you?
You should marry someone you love.
She came with her hands in her pockets.
I've seen enough.
I'm not good enough for you.
Hurry up, girls, you're going to be late.
Hurry up, guys, you're going to be late.
Hurry up, guys.
I have a lot of work to do today.
I only have six months to live.
I don't want to get into trouble.
What happened to Tom? Is he dead?
They're almost here.
We were just holding hands.
This is a miracle.
Are you ready for Y2K?
Have you done this before?
Make him work for it.
Go away. I don't want to see you.
The German scientist Erich von Wolff, who measured the rate of iron (Fe) in various vegetables, had a mistake in adding the decimal point when copying the data from his notebook.
I'm off the wagon.
So long as men believe that women will forgive anything, they will do anything.
I thought you had more sense than that.
Rules are meant to be kept, not broken.
Who are you trying to convince?
How was abroad?
The girl is buying milk at the supermarket.
I think we should talk.
He has a capacity to gain everybody's confidence.
I love a woman.
I don't know what I want right now.
We were both drunk.
They were both drunk.
I almost gave up the whole affair.
I didn't want to leave before the work was completed.
I should have come if it hadn't rained.
I came at about six.
I shall not arrive until after two.
He treats his experience as failure and he doesn’t get anything out of his experience.
He doesn’t label himself as a failure; rather,he sees every experience as learning.
Learning Finnish takes time.
He happened to be in the same train.
Questions never hurt anyone.
This is Finland's biggest power station of all.
He arrived by sea but left by air.
When he arrived the weather was most beautiful.
Eero always walks bare-headed.
Nothing will hinder my malicious plan.
There shall be no hindrances to my malicious plan.
He felt pity for us.
The distress call of a young dolphin has been used to lure a large pod of the animals to safety.
When and how did the message in a bottle appear?
Don't despair.
