I thought it might be you.
I thought it must be something like that.
I thought it over and decided not to go.
I thought it over and decided to tell Tom everything.
I thought it sounded like a good idea.
I thought it was a fluke.
I thought it was a good idea.
I thought it was a joke.
I thought it was a mistake to go talk to Tom about that.
I thought it was a mistake to tell Tom the secret.
I thought it was a mistake to tell Tom where we buried the treasure.
I thought it was a nice wedding.
I thought it was a prank call.
I thought it was a secret.
I thought it was about time we all met.
I thought it was illegal to park here.
I thought it was just a metaphor.
I thought it was love at first.
I thought it was lunchtime.
I thought it was something like that.
I thought it was the least I could do.
I thought it was the perfect time to leave.
I thought it was Tom, but it was John.
I thought it was unnecessary for us to do anything about that today.
I thought it was worth a try.
I thought it was your day off.
I thought it wasn't supposed to rain today.
I thought it would be all right.
I thought it would be an opportunity for you to improve your French.
I thought it would be best if you told Tom yourself.
I thought it would be fun for us to go skiing together.
I thought it'd be fun to sing a few songs together.
I thought it'd be fun to surprise Tom.
I thought it'd be great if we could get Tom to play a few songs for us.
I thought it'd be more comfortable if we sat here.
I thought it'd be worth it.
I thought it'd get easier.
I thought Mary still loved me.
I thought Mary was a cheerleader.
I thought maybe I could buy you a drink.
I thought maybe I could help.
I thought maybe I'd go to the supermarket and buy something for dinner.
I thought maybe you could use a hand.
I thought maybe you would have a better time without me.
I thought maybe you'd have an idea.
I thought Tom would be better at French.
I thought Tom would be better at playing the flute than that.
I thought nobody really believed in ghosts.
I thought our essays were due next week, not today.
I thought perhaps no one else would agree with me.
I thought perhaps you'd give up.
I thought something horrible had happened.
I thought something was odd.
I thought that guy had a gun, so I shot him.
I thought that I told you to stay behind.
I thought that I told you to stay where you were.
I thought that policy was abolished a couple of years ago.
I thought that shirt might look good on you.
I thought that system was abolished last year.
I thought that was kind of strange.
I thought that was kind of weird.
I thought that was my job.
I thought that was obvious.
I thought that was the right thing to do.
I thought that was your job.
I thought that went exceedingly well.
I thought that went quite well.
I thought that went very well.
I thought that went well.
I thought the captain ordered you not to do that.
I thought the company had sent Tom to Boston.
I thought the concert went pretty well.
I thought the death penalty should be abolished.
I thought the enemy had killed Tom.
I thought the game was over.
I thought the only thing you really enjoyed was golf.
I thought the play went very well.
I thought the police were looking for Tom.
I thought the same thing.
I thought the show was excellent.
I thought the show was over.
I thought they looked familiar.
I thought they offered you a job.
I thought they were going to put me out of business.
I thought this building had a sprinkler system.
I thought this building was abandoned.
I thought this door was locked.
I thought this looked familiar.
I thought this might come in handy.
I thought this present might be from you.
I thought this was mine.
I thought this was something we both wanted.
I thought this was what you always wanted.
I thought this would be more fun.
I thought this would make us both so happy.
I thought today was your day off.
I thought Tom already knew about that.
I thought Tom and Mary broke up.
I thought Tom and Mary were both dead.
I thought Tom and Mary were crazy.
I thought Tom and Mary were going to Boston.
I thought Tom and Mary were going to kill John.
I thought Tom and Mary were going to use me as a hostage.
I thought Tom and Mary were happy.
I thought Tom and Mary were married.
I thought Tom and Mary were nuts.
I thought Tom and Mary were supposed to be in Boston.
I thought Tom and Mary were twins.
I thought Tom and Mary would have forgotten me by now.
I thought Tom confessed.
I thought Tom could handle the job if I gave him a chance.
I thought Tom did a great job.
I thought Tom did all right.
I thought Tom didn't drink.
I thought Tom died last year in Boston.
I thought Tom dumped Mary a month ago.
I thought Tom had a soccer game tonight.
I thought Tom had left.
I thought Tom had stopped smoking.
I thought Tom just needed some more time.
I thought Tom liked riddles.
I thought Tom might be in jail.
I thought Tom might be sick.
I thought Tom might be the one responsible for the problem.
I thought Tom might do that.
I thought Tom might have been hurt.
I thought Tom might need some time off.
I thought Tom might stop by this afternoon.
I thought Tom needed help.
I thought Tom probably did it.
I thought Tom refused to do that.
I thought Tom resigned.
I thought Tom said it was his dog.
I thought Tom said to be here by 2:30.
I thought Tom told you about me.
I thought Tom told you what you had to do.
I thought Tom turned that job down.
I thought Tom was a complete idiot.
I thought Tom was a doctor.
I thought Tom was a farmer.
I thought Tom was a jerk.
I thought Tom was a nice guy.
I thought Tom was a veterinarian.
I thought Tom was afraid to swim.
I thought Tom was an accountant.
I thought Tom was asleep.
I thought Tom was Canadian.
I thought Tom was coming home with you.
I thought Tom was coming.
I thought Tom was dead.
I thought Tom was different.
I thought Tom was exaggerating.
I thought Tom was from Boston.
I thought Tom was going to hit me.
I thought Tom was going to hurt me.
I thought Tom was going to join us tonight.
I thought Tom was going to take us to see Mary.
I thought Tom was guilty.
I thought Tom was here with you.
I thought Tom was home asleep.
I thought Tom was in Boston.
I thought Tom was in danger.
I thought Tom was in the bathroom.
I thought Tom was in trouble.
I thought Tom was joking.
I thought Tom was just bragging.
I thought Tom was lost.
I thought Tom was lying, too.
I thought Tom was married.
I thought Tom was Mary's son.
I thought Tom was meeting us here.
I thought Tom was nice.
I thought Tom was on our team.
I thought Tom was on vacation.
I thought Tom was one of them.
I thought Tom was overreacting.
I thought Tom was planning on staying for a month.
I thought Tom was pretty good.
I thought Tom was stealing from us.
I thought Tom was still in jail.
I thought Tom was the best singer on stage tonight.
I thought Tom was with Mary.
I thought Tom was with you.
I thought Tom was your best friend.
I thought Tom was your brother.
I thought Tom was your enemy.
I thought Tom was your friend.
I thought Tom was your surgeon.
I thought Tom wasn't allowed to eat candy.
I thought Tom wasn't allowed to have visitors.
I thought Tom would at least understand the situation.
I thought Tom would be here by now.
I thought Tom would be valuable to you.
I thought Tom would give Mary your phone number.
I thought Tom would know not to do that.
I thought Tom would leave the book with Mary.
I thought Tom would look more like his brother.
I thought Tom would love it.
I thought Tom would need help figuring out how to do that.
I thought Tom would never see you again.
I thought Tom would stop by and say hello.
I thought Tom would want to know about that.
I thought we agreed to consult each other before we made any major decisions.
I thought we already did that.
I thought we could do better.
I thought we could do it.
I thought we could do this together.
I thought we could eat out on the patio.
I thought we could get together later.
I thought we could go out and get something to eat.
I thought we could hang out together.
I thought we could stay here all day.
I thought we could talk.
I thought we could use the cloth napkins.
I thought we could walk home today.
I thought we were going to do something fun.
I thought we had agreed that you would study harder.
I thought we had agreed you weren't going to do that anymore.
I thought we had settled this.
I thought we had that under control.
I thought we had this place for the entire day.
I thought we settled that matter last night.
I thought we should discuss Tom's request.
I thought we were all going to die.
I thought we were best friends.
I thought we were finished with that.
I thought we were going out to dinner.
I thought we were going to be on the winning side.
I thought we were going to die.
I thought we were going to play baseball.
I thought we were going to talk.
I thought we were going to try to be friends.
I thought we were going to win.
I thought we were out of coffee.
I thought we were out of time.
I thought we were supposed to eat lunch together.
I thought we were supposed to meet Tom at 2:30.
I thought we were welcome here.
I thought we weren't going to do this.
I thought we weren't going to go there.
I thought we would be more comfortable here.
I thought we would have breakfast together.
I thought we'd be more comfortable here.
I thought you already have a job.
I thought you always played football on Saturday.
I thought you could help me.
I thought you could use a break.
I thought you could use a friend.
I thought you could use the help.
I thought you could use this.
I thought you did fairly well.
I thought you didn't believe in ghosts.
I thought you didn't care about money.
I thought you didn't have any family.
I thought you didn't have any money.
I thought you didn't know anything about lacrosse.
I thought you didn't know that.
I thought you didn't know Tom.
I thought you didn't like romance movies.
I thought you enjoyed my company.
I thought you enjoyed talking about baseball.
I thought you guys had a big party tonight.
I thought you guys had already left.
I thought you guys were my friends.
I thought you guys were planning on coming to my party.
I thought you had a meeting at 2:30.
I thought you had agreed not to phone me again.
I thought you had an agreement with Tom.
I thought you had plans with Tom.
I thought you hated Tom.
I thought you liked being alone.
I thought you liked it here.
I thought you liked me.
I thought you liked parties.
I thought you liked romance novels.
I thought you liked Tom.
I thought you might be able to give me a hand.
I thought you might be hungry, so I made some sandwiches.
I thought you might be lonely, so I came over with a bottle of wine.
I thought you might be upset.
I thought you might change your mind.
I thought you might come.
I thought you might feel like an early lunch.
I thought you might feel like going out for a drink.
I thought you might feel sorry for Tom.
I thought you might feel the same way.
I thought you might find this interesting.
I thought you might get cold, so I brought a jacket.
I thought you might have a change of heart.
I thought you might have decided to start without me.
I thought you might help.
I thought you might know where Tom went.
I thought you might like some company.
I thought you might like some hot coffee.
I thought you might like something to eat.
I thought you might like to know that Tom isn't planning on coming.
I thought you might like to know where we'll be going next weekend.
I thought you might like to know who's coming over for dinner.
I thought you might like to know who's coming to our party.
I thought you might like to see some of Tom's paintings.
I thought you might like to talk.
I thought you might need help.
I thought you might need some help getting ready for your wedding.
I thought you might need this.
I thought you might want some breakfast.
I thought you might want something to drink.
I thought you might want to come along.
I thought you might want to look over these documents.
I thought you might want to play a game of chess.
I thought you might want to see Tom right away.
I thought you might want to talk about it.
I thought you moved to Boston.
I thought you said I could count on you.
I thought you said someone was going to meet us.
I thought you said the police would never find us here.
I thought you said they'd let sit in on the meeting.
I thought you said Tom didn't like you.
I thought you said Tom was a jerk.
I thought you said Tom was dangerous.
I thought you said Tom was dead.
I thought you said Tom was in Boston.
I thought you said Tom was overweight.
I thought you said Tom was your brother.
I thought you said Tom wasn't a member of our club.
I thought you said Tom would be asleep.
I thought you said Tom would never hurt Mary.
I thought you said we could go anywhere we wanted.
I thought you said you can't afford to build a garage.
I thought you said you couldn't afford a truck.
I thought you said you couldn't draw.
I thought you said you didn't do that kind of thing.
I thought you said you didn't see anything.
I thought you said you didn't speak French.
I thought you said you didn't trust Tom.
I thought you said you didn't want to talk about it.
I thought you said you liked to try new things.
I thought you said you never went out drinking.
I thought you said you were alone.
I thought you said you were an only child.
I thought you said you were bad at French.
I thought you said you were going to be working today.
I thought you said you were going to buy me a drink.
I thought you said you weren't interested.
I thought you said your car was stolen.
I thought you said your cello was in the car.
I thought you said your name was Tom.
I thought you set the alarm for 2:30.
I thought you should know I've been dating Mary.
I thought you should read these documents.
I thought you should see this contract.
I thought you should see this.
I thought you thought Tom was still a bricklayer.
I thought you thought Tom wasn't interested in sports.
I thought you trusted me.
I thought you two didn't like each other.
I thought you two played tennis together every weekend.
I thought you two wanted to work together.
I thought you two were the same age.
I thought you two would have a lot in common.
I thought you understood.
I thought you wanted a divorce.
I thought you wanted me to help you.
I thought you wanted the truth.
I thought you wanted this back.
I thought you wanted this job.
I thought you wanted this.
I thought you wanted to be a dancer.
I thought you wanted to get married.
I thought you wanted to get out of here.
I thought you wanted to meet Tom.
I thought you wanted to talk to me.
I thought you wanted to wait until Tom arrived.
I thought you wanted to wait.
I thought you wanted Tom to marry you.
I thought you went home.
I thought you were a friend.
I thought you were a man of honor.
I thought you were against this proposal.
I thought you were asleep.
I thought you were at the gym.
I thought you were attracted to me.
I thought you were bluffing.
I thought you were broke.
I thought you were Canadian.
I thought you were dating Tom.
I thought you were finished.
I thought you were going out with Tom.
I thought you were going steady with Tom.
I thought you were going to ask us to leave.
I thought you were going to be at the concert last week.
I thought you were going to be at the party last night.
I thought you were going to buy groceries.
I thought you were going to come straight home.
I thought you were going to do something about that.
I thought you were going to do this.
I thought you were going to fix the sink.
I thought you were going to Harvard.
I thought you were going to keep Tom busy.
I thought you were going to keep Tom happy.
I thought you were going to keep Tom here until I got back.
I thought you were going to keep Tom occupied.
I thought you were going to kill me.
I thought you were going to offer me the job.
I thought you were going to quit working for Tom.
I thought you were going to quit.
I thought you were going to sleep all day.
I thought you were going to stay home.
I thought you were going to talk to Tom about it.
I thought you were going to talk with Tom.
I thought you were going to visit Tom.
I thought you were going to wait for Tom.
I thought you were going to wear your new suit.
I thought you were having a good time.
I thought you were hungry.
I thought you were in charge.
I thought you were in your room.
I thought you were injured.
I thought you were kidding.
I thought you were mad at me.
I thought you were mad at Tom.
I thought you were my best friend.
I thought you were one of us.
I thought you were right.
I thought you were serious.
I thought you were sleeping.
I thought you were smarter than that.
I thought you were somebody else.
I thought you were someone else.
I thought you were Tom.
I thought you were Tom's friend.
I thought you were trying to be funny.
I thought you were working.
I thought you weren't coming back.
I thought you weren't coming here until this afternoon.
I thought you weren't coming.
I thought you weren't going back for a couple of days.
I thought you weren't going to do this again.
I thought you weren't going to tell anyone.
I thought you weren't supposed to talk to Tom.
I thought you wouldn't like sushi, but I liked it quite a lot.
I thought you wouldn't notice that Tom wasn't here.
I thought you wouldn't recognize me.
I thought you wouldn't tell the teacher that I hadn't done my homework.
I thought you'd agree with me.
I thought you'd agree.
I thought you'd all gone and left me.
I thought you'd ask that.
I thought you'd be alone.
I thought you'd be at the bar.
I thought you'd be comfortable here.
I thought you'd be dead by now.
I thought you'd be different.
I thought you'd be disappointed in me.
I thought you'd be glad to see Tom.
I thought you'd be grateful.
I thought you'd be happy about that.
I thought you'd be happy.
I thought you'd be impressed.
I thought you'd be in Boston by now.
I thought you'd be in your room.
I thought you'd be interested in this.
I thought you'd be kind of surprised.
I thought you'd be much fatter.
I thought you'd be older.
I thought you'd be out partying with Tom.
I thought you'd be pleased.
I thought you'd be proud of me.
I thought you'd be taller.
I thought you'd be thrilled.
I thought you'd be too busy.
I thought you'd been notified.
I thought you'd changed.
I thought you'd end up going to the party with Tom.
I thought you'd enjoy the party.
I thought you'd eventually realize Tom didn't like you.
I thought you'd figure it out for yourself.
I thought you'd find that interesting.
I thought you'd gone to Boston.
I thought you'd gone with Tom.
I thought you'd gotten lost.
I thought you'd left.
I thought you'd like it.
I thought you'd like to see this.
I thought you'd like Tom.
I thought you'd never get here.
I thought you'd probably already gone home.
I thought you'd quit smoking.
I thought you'd say that.
I thought you'd sleep until noon.
I thought you'd speak French better than Tom.
I thought you'd stay overnight in Boston.
I thought you'd understand.
I thought you'd want butter on your toast.
I thought you'd want it back.
I thought you'd want the work.
I thought you'd want this one.
I thought you'd want to help me.
I thought you'd want to know.
I thought you'd want to meet my family.
I thought you'd want to see this movie.
I thought you'd want to see this.
I thought you'd want to take a look.
I thought you'd want to try some Japanese food.
I thought your concert went well yesterday.
I thought your dad took away your credit card.
I thought your middle name was Tom.
I thought your parents liked me.
I thought your shift ended a couple of hours ago.
What are your favorite colors?
Is Aun still in love with his wife?
As soon as we heard the noise from the second floor, Takashi, who claimed he didn't believe in ghosts, lost control and started running.
Can you park here?
Only death cures all pain.
I have a lot of confidence in you.
It was close to o'clock.
It is second-hand.
I know how to swim, i just don't like swimming in the river.
New York is one of the largest cities in the world.
Tom seems like an idiot.
Did you make it yourself?
Tom doesn't like it when he doesn't have enough money.
He wanted to go to the beach.
Don't insult him.
The United States is a democracy.
Parrots imitate the words of humans.
There are students in my class.
Where is the accent on the word 'Australia?'
That lake looks like an ocean.
They hurried out of the room.
The doctor suggested that she drink more water to keep from being dehydrated.
There were kitchen gadgets including toasters, kettles and percolators
Well, that went smoothly.
I still believe in love.
She stood bolt upright.
I'd like an earnest word with you.
We esteemed ourselves happy to have survived.
Talk of the devil!
Talk of the devil and he's sure to appear.
It's not easy to solve the problem.
I have a terrible headache.
We wanted to make this trip to see our friends.
Computer performance may be very poor.
Mike is the team's captain.
You’ll get into trouble if you spend time with him.
I thought if I don’t go with him I’ll never know if he's dangerous or not.
How far is the garden from your house?
I last saw them in Albania.
Me without you is like a body with no soul.
Have you finished your duties?
When did you arrive there?
He came home early in order to see the children before they went to bed.
You've seen their new house, haven't you? What's it like?
I have opened a lot of new factories.
Unfortunately, I never got the chance to meet her.
What led you to believe that?
The conference continued till o'clock.
You'd do well to follow the rules around here, young lady.
I accept his proposal.
All gone.
I made your life a whole lot easier.
Sebastian's grandmother is the first woman to hold the position of a judge in Navarre.
Two minutes for roughing.
I wanted to clear that up with you.
With no regard for the consequences.
I'm trying to figure out what you do for fun.
Correct mistakes, if found.
She was a war widow.
Do not open your book.
You wanted to avoid war at the price of dishonour.
A fleeting glimpse of eternity.
But when all is said and done, they have one thing in common.
I don't love him.
He aimed at the cornered deer with his gun.
What's the name of your ship?
What's the name of the ship you served on?
Get off this ship right now.
May I have permission to board this ship?
Tom and I both spent our time in the navy on the same type of ship.
We could see enemy ships on the horizon.
Return to the ship.
The ship sunk and all hands were lost.
The ship sank and all hands were lost.
Who owns this ship?
That's a bad name for a ship.
This is a fine ship.
Is Tom aboard that ship?
We must abandon ship.
We could see what we thought was a pirate ship in the distance.
Everyone on the ship thought it was going to sink.
She's the pirate queen.
The customs officials searched the whole ship.
The customs officials boarded the ship.
I need this money.
What ship were you on?
Where is the ship now?
An enemy ship is approaching.
I want Tom off this ship.
Don't even get me started.
Why are you on this ship?
The enemy destroyed many of our ships.
I didn't touch anything.
Tell me about your ship.
Why are you touching my girlfriend?
Why are you touching my boyfriend?
We tried to contact the other ship.
Instead of going ashore, we stayed on the ship.
Could you please be quiet?
Have you ever been on a cruise ship?
Why isn't the ship moving?
Hurricane Sandy is coming.
This is a cargo ship, not a passenger ship.
I can't even see the other ship in this fog.
Tom came to America as a stowaway on a ship.
He took his time.
She took her time.
Our ship is badly damaged.
What happened to the ship?
What kind of ship is that?
Let's get back to the ship.
Return to the ship at once.
Tom discovered a flaw in the ship's design.
That ship has sailed for me.
Two of the enemy ships have been destroyed.
The enemy torpedoed our ship.
Their ship is still in port.
What ship did Tom arrive on?
What ship will you arrive on?
I'm the captain of this ship.
I wonder who named this ship.
Our ship is severely damaged.
That's the most beautiful ship I've ever seen.
We're going back to the ship.
We must get back to the ship.
Our ship wasn't damaged in the battle.
I wonder where that ship is headed.
Where did that ship come from?
I'll meet you back on the ship.
The ship slowly started to move.
This is a picture of the ship I was on.
Tom told us it was an old ship.
We're going to search the whole ship.
Tom was born on a ship.
Who's the captain of this ship?
The ship hasn't even docked yet.
They probably saw our ship come into port.
Tom said he read a book about this ship.
I remember being on a ship when I was only five years old.
How far away do you think that ship is?
The ship was searched thoroughly, but no illegal drugs were found.
When is the ship due to arrive?
I have a right to be on this ship.
The ship wasn't ready for battle.
Where is the captain of this ship?
Why aren't you already on board the ship?
I felt I just had to get off the ship.
You were told to stay on the ship.
This is the best ship I've ever been on.
Tom looked out the window at the ship that was coming into port.
There's nobody on this ship except us.
How many people were aboard that ship?
Is Tom still the captain of your ship?
They were told to stay on the ship.
We were told to stay on the ship.
I've just gotten home.
I've just come home.
My father is taking a walk in the park.
She says she's not dating anyone now, but I don't believe her.
Tom doesn't drink beer at home.
If a porter carries your luggage, don't forget to tip him.
They swam.
We drank a lot.
Where is my newspaper?
I'll do everything that I can.
Baseless speculations.
The only way to achieve great things in life is to first leave your comfort zone.
I don't have to go to work today and tomorrow, so I will use the opportunity to quickly finish moving it.
Don't let this information leak out.
What I write is not English.
If it doesn't sound English, it's not English.
I am not writing in English. This language is Russian.
This will be my last sentence in English.
I will never write again in English.
I have decided to stop writing in English.
I don't know how to write in English.
Let the others write in English and write in your own language.
Do you know anyone who was on that ship that sunk?
Do you think we should abandon ship?
If you didn't learn it when you were a kid, you will never learn it.
This is the best thing to tell to someone who tries to learn something.
I like it when someone tells me that I would never learn something.
I like mangas.
I like comic books.
I like cartoons.
That war ended in 1954.
Why am I learning Icelandic?
Why am I studying Icelandic?
They want us to believe that we are in a democracy.
I sent Steina a letter in Icelandic.
I found a very interesting website that presents the complete text of Icelandic sagas, some of which are also translated into English and Danish.
Confucius said: "He who does not drink tea is a fool."
When I imagined imaginary images I imagined that my imagination imagined all the images, imagine when your imagination imagines images that even you can't imagine.
He has the possibility to work!
She has the possibility to work!
This yacht is very expensive.
What are you doing for Halloween?
I can't understand myself.
Are you ready for Halloween?
I wrote a novel exactly as I wanted to write it.
A rainbow is a seven-colour arch in the sky.
We should take into account she is still young.
I am going to enquire at the service desk if there are any restaurants around here.
Is there something in particular?
Is there something in particular that you want?
Is there something in particular that you want to hear?
Is there something in particular that you want to watch?
Is there something in particular that you want to eat?
Is there something in particular that you want to drink?
I worked my ass off on that project.
I really just want to make friends.
I don't need this book.
I don't introduce them.
This show needs to come back.
Did this require a signature?
One good sentence is better than two bad.
That's actually really mean.
That is always great fun.
Her day is about to be ruined.
We're always complaining.
How do you know someone is a runner?
These students are Korean.
They're getting onto us!
I wonder the same thing, bro.
Hello! Welcome to my aquarium!
She was wondering the same thing.
What the hell did he do?
This is pretty accurate.
There wasn't any cat there.
Which one do you think he chose?
Did you walk down?
Tamy discovered a mistake in the sentence structure.
It looks like a Michelangelo painting.
Tom takes the trash out every day at six o'clock.
The streetlight over there is broken.
I sure had my due reward.
Dinner is ready!
Lunch is ready!
I showed him my room.
I showed my room to him.
I showed my room to her.
Where is he going?
Would you like to take a stroll around the park with me?
I motivated you.
That world where people lie to each other leaves me in despair!
The Bounty sank near Cape Hatteras.
He's not supposed to be here.
She's not supposed to be here.
You're not supposed to be here.
I'm a respectable businessman.
He seems like a respectable businessman, but he's really part of the Mafia.
This storm is not dangerous. You don't need to worry.
It's a large one.
This storm, too, shall pass.
It's a superstorm.
This is a serious and big storm.
We need to take this very seriously.
The water is rising.
It will be a long night.
The streets are flooded.
Do you support Mitt Romney or Barack Obama?
Did you vote for Romney or Obama?
It almost worked.
We're getting out of here.
We're getting out of here. The storm is coming.
Time Square is empty.
So where does Al Gore fit in to the story?
It's a monster storm.
How was Hawaii?
The situation has deteriorated.
The situation is deteriorating.
It's an incredible sight.
They were enjoying themselves.
They enjoyed themselves.
You can't do both at the same time.
He did both at the same time.
He died a happy man.
She died a happy woman.
Would you like that?
Would he like that?
Would she like that?
They'll never make it.
She will never make it.
He will never make it.
He wants an iPad.
She wants an iPad 4.
He wants an iPad mini.
She wants a fourth generation iPad.
Can I use my laptop in the bath?
"Can I use my laptop in the bath?" "No, you can't."
I like snow. It's so beautiful!
I like cats. They're so beautiful!
I like her. She's so beautiful!
You are really very productive today.
I have already completed out of tasks on my to-do list today.
Time to eat!
He put a sudden end to this career as a poet.
"More coffee?" "No, thanks."
If I cut badly, than I cut badly!
It's my son.
The tiger escaped from the zoo.
One of the tigers has escaped from the zoo.
His wife is Swedish.
A totally lawless state will be quite lawful carried through space and time.
There's never a new fashion but it's old.
I don't like you at all.
It was a very complicated world.
Today I can say that this flight has changed my life.
He who cannot love himself, cannot love others either.
That's awesome!
This animal is a peacock.
It's a shame to not be able to get nearer to observe those peacocks, but walking on the flowerbeds in this garden is prohibited.
Stop strutting around at once!
There's a lot of tension among the siblings.
It's impossible to recreate the sense of home in London.
The monsoon is a central element.
She's an English girl of Indian origin who goes to visit India.
She uses her talent as an artist to describe places.
She takes into consideration the mixed relationships.
She writes about Sri Lanka.
This is his only chance.
It failed miserably.
I have a right to my own opinion.
You do not have a right to your own opinion!
My plans failed miserably.
The government's policies failed miserably.
Everybody has a right to his own opinion. However, sometimes it's better not to tell anybody what that opinion is.
He told me that she will not tell him what happened to me on the day he saw me talking about the story about the girl who got killed.
Whosoever shall kill the king will be punished with death.
Only I can do it. I did it alone.
The man said yes, but only if I promised.
Tom is one of my friends.
Tom is one of my closest friends.
I'm Tom's friend.
I miss my friends.
I'm Mary's boyfriend.
I was with friends all last night.
I have a girlfriend.
I became Tom's friend.
I just made a friend.
I'm here as a friend.
I might be your only friend.
I wish I had more friends.
I didn't sleep well last night so I have little energy today.
The Taiwanese dollar appreciated, causing Taiwanese exports to slump.
When a weasel pays a new year visit to a chicken, that's no reason for comfort!
Man is so made that when anything fires his soul, impossibilities vanish!
I don't know about success, but the key to failure is trying to please everyone!
I have a friend named Tom.
I have a friend whose name is Tom.
I didn't sleep well last night, so I don't have much energy today.
Your friends sound nice.
Grub's up!
Death is something that we're often discouraged to talk about or even think about, but I've realized that preparing for death is one of the most empowering things you can do. Thinking about death clarifies your life.
It's nice to be in the right place.
Beautiful start.
We all want to be forever young.
I've learned never to borrow money from friends.
I know better than to borrow money from friends.
I consider Tom to be my best friend.
I know Tom was your best friend.
I understand you were Tom's best friend.
I'm glad we're best friends.
I'm one of Tom's best friends.
I've just lost the best friend I ever had.
I have a friend at City Hall.
I have a number of influential friends.
I have some friends in the police department.
I still have friends in high places.
I still have friends in the CIA.
I hear you have friends in the CIA.
I talked to my friend in the FBI.
I've got a friend in the FBI.
I'm friends with a lot of cops.
I didn't know you still had friends at the IRS.
I've got a friend at the IRS.
I've got a friend who works for the New York Times.
I've got a lot of friends at the Department of Motor Vehicles.
I have some powerful friends who can help you.
I know Tom and Mary were more than just friends.
I'm more than a friend.
I want to be more than friends.
I'm not Mary's boyfriend. I'm just a friend.
I just want to be your friend, nothing more.
I told Mary I just want to be friends.
I told Mary that I just wanted to be friends.
I can't be friends with Tom.
I don't think Tom and Mary are ever going to be friends.
I hope we can still be friends.
I know Tom and Mary used to be friends.
I was hoping we could still be friends.
I'd really like it if we could be friends.
I expected to make new friends when I moved to Boston.
I have a lot of friends in Boston.
I have several friends in Boston.
I still have a few friends in Boston.
I always counted you as a friend.
I assume you must be a close friend of Tom's.
I didn't pretend to be your friend.
I can't even pretend to be Tom's friend.
I didn't realize Tom was such a close friend of yours.
I don't expect you to be my friend.
I don't have any Canadian friends.
I don't have any close friends.
I don't have any friends to talk to.
I don't have many friends.
I don't like your friends.
I don't think I'd like you as a friend.
I don't think Tom has too many friends.
I don't think Tom wants to be my friend anymore.
I don't want to be your friend.
I had a little help from a friend.
I had dinner with a friend last night.
I had hoped we might become friends.
I have a lot of friends.
I've always considered you a close friend.
I have plenty of friends.
I know Tom and Mary used to be good friends.
I know Tom is a friend of yours, but I still don't like him.
I know Tom is your friend.
I know Tom was a friend of yours.
I know you and Tom are friends.
I know you considered me a close friend.
I like Tom, but I'm not really his friend.
I liked Tom, but I wasn't really his friend.
I must find some new friends.
I never stay anywhere long enough to make friends.
I see you've made a friend.
I sure miss my friends.
I think friends are important.
I think of you as a friend.
I think that's the reason Tom doesn't have any friends.
I think that's why Tom doesn't have any friends.
I told Tom we were friends.
I told you Tom isn't my friend.
I used to have a friend named Tom.
I wonder what your friend Tom is doing now.
I wouldn't really call Tom a friend.
I'm a friend of Tom and Mary's.
I'm an old friend of Tom's father.
I'm a childhood friend of Tom's.
I'm asking you as a friend.
I'm certainly not your friend.
I'm glad I'm Tom's friend.
I'm happy you two are friends again.
I'm just grateful none of my friends saw me with Tom.
I'm just waiting for a friend.
I'm no friend of yours.
I'm still your friend.
I've been friends with Tom for many years.
I've drifted apart from my friends.
I've got all the friends I need.
I've made a couple of friends here.
I've never had a friend quite like you.
I've never had a friend like you before.
Tom pretended to be my friend.
Tom told Mary about his imaginary friend.
I value our friendship more than anything.
I value our friendship.
I value our friendship a great deal.
I hope this doesn't ruin our friendship.
I hope this won't affect our friendship.
I've decided to end our friendship.
I don't deserve your friendship.
I envy the friendship Tom and Mary have.
I want to be worthy of your friendship.
I don't want to do anything to jeopardize my friendship with you.
I've always been a little jealous of your friendship with Tom.
I hope they're friendly.
I'm going to stop trying to be friendly with you.
I'm just trying to be friendly.
I was just being friendly.
I don't know who they are, but they don't look friendly.
I'm happy to see so many friendly faces.
I looked around hoping to spot a friendly face.
I don't have a girlfriend.
I wonder if Tom has a girlfriend.
I don't think Tom has a girlfriend.
I know you have a girlfriend.
I told you I have a girlfriend.
I never had a girlfriend before.
I've never even had a girlfriend.
I wish I had time for a girlfriend.
I'm years old and I've never had a girlfriend.
You're the nicest girlfriend I ever had.
I'm breaking up with my girlfriend tonight.
I'm getting back together with my ex-girlfriend.
I don't need a girlfriend.
I hate Mary's boyfriend.
I'm still Mary's boyfriend, I think.
Am I still your boyfriend?
I know Tom isn't your boyfriend.
I want to be your boyfriend.
Never go to a doctor whose office plants have died.
You take my self control.
Do you really want to stay young forever?
I have 1,head of cattle.
Tom and his family sold head of cattle earlier this week.
There are about head of cattle on that ranch.
We have ten head of cattle.
I only have fifty meters of rope.
I only wish I had a little more time to finish this.
I wish I had a little more time to finish this.
What do you plan to do on Friday?
What're you going to do on Friday?
What're you going to do during your summer vacation?
I walked around the block.
Tom takes a quick jog around the block every morning before breakfast.
People were lined up around the block waiting for the theater to open.
Why in the hearts of all the nations lives the clash of civilizations?
Poverty teaches you to eat bread without butter.
Don't repeat that word in God's house.
I want two hot dogs with lots of pepper.
An infrared ray is electromagnetic radiation.
It was the first time I walked along the Mogami River.
Hurry up! We are waiting for you.
This is cooking well.
He scaled a fish.
It seems too much to me, too.
You must be sad as you have lost one of your friends.
What's the difference between American and British English?
Little mistakes are like salt in a soup.
You must be sad as you've lost one of your friends.
You never know what life may throw your way.
In French, adjectives agree in gender and number with the noun they qualify.
We are all capable of loving and being loved at the moment of our birth.
I don't feel like doing it today.
It's a very dangerous system.
How do you go there? By car?
I would like to buy myself a new computer; show me the best model.
The world changes a lot.
Tom jotted down the meeting time in his diary.
I detest everyone, and everyone detests me.
Why all this hate?
I hate everyone, and everyone hates me.
Listen to her!
Just because he likes painting doesn't mean he's good at painting.
Just because he likes painting doesn't mean he's good at it.
Sadly, he isn't as skilled as he is enthusiastic.
Please call me before you come.
Please telephone me before you come.
Please call before you come.
We use much more than 10% of our brains; that's just an urban myth.
Ugh. I'm so not looking forward to today.
If I were a foreigner, I probably couldn't eat raw fish.
If I were a foreigner, I probably wouldn't be able to eat raw fish.
That is useless to me.
Today I started a new Esperanto course.
And if everyone started jumping off the ninth floor, would you jump too?
Do you know any foreigners living in your country?
I can't believe that you mix white and colours together in a washing machine!
"That's from the Bible?" "Where in the Bible?"
All I ask is that you show up on time.
All the lights in the building have gone out.
Are you sure we can't repair this camera?
Can this car go any faster?
Can't this wait until things are back to normal?
Can't we talk about it in the morning?
Can't you do anything to stop them?
Did you crash your car into something?
Have you decoded the message yet?
I couldn't live like that.
I don't even have a car anymore.
I like reading mystery novels.
I need to ask you about Tom.
I never really liked Tom.
I saw you in the park yesterday.
I should have listened to Tom.
I told you to stay away from my daughter.
I wasn't talking to you.
I wish Tom had never come here.
I would really like to explore this cave.
I'm going to hide somewhere near here.
I'm not surprised you don't know the answer.
I'm right in the middle of doing something.
I've got to get back home by midnight.
It could be dangerous to do what Tom is asking us to do.
It's too late to contact Tom now.
It's up to you to keep things running smoothly.
Let's go on a road trip.
Let's keep each other company for a while.
Perhaps you should buy a gun.
Something's wrong with Tom's car.
That car belongs in a museum.
The concert hasn't yet begun.
There are many people that don't like me.
There are many people who don't like me.
There must be a pattern.
There was a modern-looking coffee table in the center of the room.
They couldn't find out why your car won't start.
They couldn't find the problem.
They won't allow me to do what I'm being paid to do.
Tom didn't have a good excuse for not coming.
Tom is a lousy dancer.
Tom is still at the house.
We got stuck in traffic.
We saw something move in the shadows just up ahead.
Words can't describe it.
You'll never leave this town.
Attack!
Come back.
Come down here and eat with us.
Come down from the tree.
Come home as soon as you can.
Come over for dinner sometime.
Come over to our table.
Come over.
Come soon or there won't be any food left.
Come soon.
Don't come near me.
Drop it!
Drop your gun!
Enjoy it while you can.
Feel this.
Feel this. It's really soft.
Follow me. I'll show you how to get out of here.
Follow us.
Follow us. We're headed to the nearest bar.
Get a job so you can support your wife and kids.
Get a job.
Get out of here. I need some peace and quiet.
Get Tom to call me.
Get Tom.
Go get it.
Grab that.
Grab the end of this rope.
Grab this.
Grab Tom and don't let him get away.
Grab Tom.
Hang on.
Hang on. We'll be right there.
Hold fire.
Don't shoot.
Hold this while I tie my shoes.
Hold this.
Make sure you get a good night's sleep.
Send in something to eat or I'll kill a hostage.
Show me how to do that.
Show me.
He is afraid of chopsticks.
Is the Orient too foreign for you?
The Occident and the Orient are merely on the same planet.
Europe is not really a continent; it juts westward out of Eurasia, the continent, as India juts southward out thereof.
I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody.
I'm writing a sentence in German.
The All-Russian Public Opinion Research Center measures Russian citizens' trust in politicians every week.
Yerevan is the capital of Armenia.
Did you want to cut off his head?
I have to leave early to catch the train.
We decorated the room ourselves.
I kissed her on the forehead.
The contemporary Soviet press reveals a great contradiction between its international Socialist contents and its national-bourgeois writing system.
The so-called Thousand Year Reich lasted only twelve years.
Fishing was very important.
The least you can do is schlep me somewhere.
This is a blue movie.
This is a dirty movie.
Is this Paris or Marseille?
Large raindrops are starting to fall.
There is no deafness worse than that of a person who doesn't want to hear.
Wanna shoot some pool?
Wait. Don't shoot yet.
Stop shooting.
Money on hand goes away.
The taste of the first kiss remains vivid in my memory.
When I came to, I was in the hospital.
When I regained consciousness, I was in the hospital.
I love things that are beautiful.
Sweden is pronounced "ˈsværjə" in Swedish.
Tom always wears a hat.
Tom almost always wears a hat.
Tom frequently wears a hat.
Tom often wears a hat.
Tom sometimes wears a hat.
Tom rarely wears a hat.
Tom seldom wears a hat.
Tom almost never wears a hat.
Tom doesn't always wear a hat.
Tom doesn't often wear a hat.
Tom doesn't usually wear a hat.
Tom wears a hat almost every day.
Tom wears a hat every day.
Tom doesn't wear a hat every day.
I help nobody.
I forgot my own birthday.
"I hear you quit your job." "Actually, I got fired."
"That doesn't happen much, does it?" "Actually, it happens quite often."
"You look sad." "Actually, I'm quite happy."
Actually, I just made that up.
Actually, I'm not quite sure.
Actually, I'm not sure whether I can come or not.
Actually, I'm not sure who Tom is.
Actually, it makes perfect sense.
Actually, Mary is now my ex-girlfriend.
Actually, Tom is his real name.
Actually, Tom is my boss.
Are you actually threatening me?
Can you believe this is actually happening?
Did it actually happen?
Did Tom actually say that?
Did you actually believe that?
Did you actually give Tom money?
Did you actually read that?
Did you actually see Tom do what the police say he did?
Did you actually see Tom?
Do people still actually use that word?
Do you actually like this?
Do you actually live here?
Do you think I can actually help you?
Does this medicine actually help?
Does this medicine actually relieve pain?
Have you actually ever tried it?
Have you actually ever tried Thai food?
I actually agree with Tom.
I actually don't work here.
I actually had fun tonight.
I actually never knew that.
I actually work here.
I didn't actually forget my camera. I just didn't want to take pictures.
I didn't actually go to college.
I didn't actually see it myself.
I didn't actually want to go to college.
I didn't think Tom would actually try it.
I don't actually believe that.
I don't actually have any money.
I haven't actually shot anyone yet.
I never actually believed Tom was a Canadian.
I never actually met Tom.
I never actually saw it.
I never actually saw Tom and John fighting.
I realize I don't actually really need a sailboat.
I was actually born in Boston.
I was actually kind of serious.
I'm actually a very good driver.
I'm actually being quite serious.
I'm actually enjoying myself.
I'm actually having fun tonight.
I'm actually here on business.
I'm actually not sure how it's done.
I'm actually pretty tired.
I'm actually ready to go.
I'm actually very busy.
I'm actually very excited about that.
I'm actually very happy.
I'm here to help you, actually.
I've actually never been drunk.
I've actually never played golf.
Is this actually happening?
It actually isn't that simple.
It actually looks like a lot of fun.
It actually wasn't that bad.
It sounds like you actually mean that.
It was actually a lot more fun than I expected it to be.
It was actually a lot more fun than I expected.
It was actually my fault.
It's actually a lot of easier than it looks.
It's actually a lot of fun.
It's actually not that difficult.
It's not actually raining yet.
Juggling is actually a lot easier than it looks.
Skiing is actually a lot more fun than I expected it to be.
Snowboarding was actually a lot more fun than I expected.
That actually seems to be the problem.
That actually sounds like a lot of fun.
That was actually a lot of fun.
That was actually easier to do than I expected.
That was actually really fun.
That's actually a good point.
That's actually not true.
That's actually pretty clever.
That's actually the good news.
That's why I'm here, actually.
This document was actually written by Tom.
Tom actually apologized to Mary.
Tom actually believed you.
Tom actually did what he said he would do.
Tom actually figured it out by himself.
Tom actually got Mary to dance with him.
Tom actually likes Mary.
Tom doesn't actually play much.
Tom doesn't actually speak much French.
Tom is actually a very good cook.
Tom wasn't actually there.
Tom's concert was actually pretty boring.
Tom's cooking was actually not so bad.
Tom's party was kind of fun, actually.
We actually don't have to do that now.
We've never actually been out on a date together.
Who actually performed the surgery?
You didn't actually lie to Tom, did you?
If we stick together, we'll be able to survive.
I don't have any books to read.
I don't have anything to read.
I don't have anything to write with.
I don't have anywhere to go.
I don't have anywhere I need to be.
I don't have anything to wear.
I don't have any clean clothes to wear.
Please get out of here immediately.
Please get out of my office immediately.
He's what they call a walking encyclopedia.
That story is a famous one that everyone knows.
We can't avoid putting off our departure.
We can't avoid postponing our departure.
I can't let them catch me.
I can't let them catch you.
Mary is hanging up the washing.
Mary is hanging up the laundry.
I know some dirty jokes, but I don't tell them.
I know some dirty jokes, but I never tell them.
I'm hanging a picture of my grandmother on the wall.
Where is the yellow jug of milk?
War is simple: it's driving a piece of iron through a piece of flesh.
The educational innovations of the next half-century are being shaped right now.
Spring ahead, fall behind.
The ice-cream will melt, so I put it in the fridge.
It's right in front of your eyes.
Where is it? I've been searching for hours.
Where's the park?
They slept in the car because they couldn't find a hotel.
He slept in the car.
She slept in the car.
I've never met a man as stupid as you.
I've never met a woman as stupid as you.
Is there anything to drink?
Is there anything to eat?
I need to understand the meaning of this sentence.
You're on the wrong ship.
You're on the wrong ship. This is a cruise to Alaska, not Hawaii.
He wore a pirate costume for Halloween.
She wore a pirate costume for Halloween.
German has a gender system. Every noun has a gender: masculine, feminine, or neuter.
Some teenagers smashed our pumpkins just before Halloween.
Some snakes are venomous.
Where can I rent a costume?
Where can I rent a Halloween costume?
Don't you want to know?
I've lived here my entire life.
He's lived here his entire life.
She's lived here her entire life.
She shrieked.
Everything is under control.
It was a false alarm.
Why don't you join us?
Why don't you join me?
He dressed as a fireman for Halloween.
He pulled open the door.
She pried open the door.
I promised him not to tell anyone.
I promised her I'd not tell anyone.
Get out of the kitchen!
Get out of my room!
There will be milk and cookies.
Something wasn't right.
Something is not right.
I knew something wasn't right.
She's a cold-hearted bitch.
He's a cold-hearted jerk.
I appreciate what she did for me.
I appreciate what he did for me.
It's freezing in here.
You should use deodorant.
She moved close to him.
He moved close to her.
It's impossible to find parking around here.
Can I speak to him?
Can I speak to her?
Can I speak to Tom?
It's the perfect moment for a kiss.
It was the perfect moment for a kiss.
You're the most beautiful woman in the whole world.
You should go on a diet.
It's a dead-end relationship.
Stop crying for no reason.
She can't stop crying for no reason.
He licked his fingers.
You have to come.
She has to come.
He has to come.
That's how she likes it.
That's how he likes it.
Don't push it.
I like it when you do that.
She likes it when I do that.
He likes it when I do that.
Does he know how you feel?
Does she know how you feel?
Does he know how she feels about him?
Does she know how he feels about her?
That's the way she likes it.
That's the way he likes it.
That's the way I like it.
How well can you dance?
He touched my hand.
She touched my hand.
Do you want to do this?
Do you want to do this or not?
Give it back to me!
We're all on the same team.
She ran her fingers through his hair.
I wasn't here last week.
He wasn't there last week.
She wasn't there last month.
Don't you push me, boy!
Don't push me!
He studied military history.
My dad will kill me.
My mom will kill me.
Pickpockets target tourists.
She left her keys in the car.
He left his keys in the car.
I left my keys in the car!
I want to go.
I want to come.
He wants to go.
He wants to come.
She wants to go.
She wants to come.
You'll get over this.
You'll get over it.
She'll get over it.
He'll get over it.
She dyed her hair blonde.
All the children fell asleep before it got dark.
He was a student at that time.
The fishermen took photos of their catch.
The boy caught a large fish.
We went out for a walk after breakfast.
Fishing is fun.
Are you American?
Mary played the tin whistle when she was young.
She's really pretty.
You can stay at my place.
I think she's attracted to you.
I think he's attracted to you.
I don't want to meet your parents.
Keep your eyes on the road.
Keep your eyes on the prize.
There's something important I need to tell you.
How long did it take?
He doesn't need to know.
She doesn't need to know.
It was just a dream.
He ripped his shirt open.
He's not always happy.
Don't open the box yet.
Don't open the present yet.
She's waiting for you at home.
Something has to be done.
He was very nervous.
He wanted to please the crowd.
She wanted to please the crowd.
I can't decode the message.
He's looking at you.
She's looking at you.
He didn't want to think about it.
Before the Internet, friends and lovers had to correspond.
I think love doesn't exist.
I can't even cook an omelet.
I believe love exists.
Aren't you a little young?
I'm your brother.
I can't understand anything he said.
She may speak harsh words, but deep inside she is a kind person, you know.
Just dismiss those thoughts from your mind - they're crazy and not worth thinking about.
I like to answer these kind of questions.
I go to bed at ten almost every day.
The letter Tom received said that he should return home as soon as possible.
I'm convinced that this job is perfect for you.
How is your weekend so far?
How is your weekend going so far?
How has your weekend been so far?
I'm closing the door.
The hardest thing to do is watch the one you love love somebody else.
Good friends are like stars. You don't always see them, but you know they are always there.
Everything is okay in the end. If it's not okay, then it's not the end.
Will it be a difficult exam?
I have to buy flowers for my girlfriend.
He got up early so he'd be in time for the train.
The dog is called Ken.
I lived in poverty.
How beautiful you are today!
"Do you have a dog?" "No."
A pungent, salty odor wafted from the kitchen.
I'm glad to have met you.
The doctor was finally able to stanch the flow of blood.
The length of one side of a triangle is always less than the sum of the lengths of the other two.
The samurai decapitated his opponent in one fell swoop.
Don't just stand there! Help me clean it up!
Today the teacher chose "Chinese culture" as a topic.
You always astonish me with your unexpected arrivals.
I prefer living in the countryside to living in the city.
Italo Calvino returned to Italy when he was still a child.
I had stayed in Boston before I returned to Japan.
It took Ioana a week to get over her cold.
Why did you want to see me?
Kale chips are addictive.
Two plus two equals five.
I took a painkiller for my headache.
There isn't a cloud in the sky; it's not going to rain on us.
She dog-eared the page and set the book aside.
The one that just yesterday said he was guiding and leading finds himself, out of the blue, lying stiff in a wooden box; the others, after realising that he was worthless, burnt him in a furnace.
Your assignment this week is to finish chapters and 12.
What is your deal, man?
Not all blondes are dumb.
English has seen many attempts at spelling reform throughout its history; most of them failed.
I was starting to lose my temper.
This got many people angry.
My throat is hurting and my nose is runny.
The truth is that I want to become a writer.
That is our father.
Summer holiday begins in July.
Is there a reason why this is untranslated?
I tried to break down the door, but I found out that it is impossible.
I can easily read Spanish.
He has enough willpower.
I saw Tom kissing Mary.
Not all internet browsers are safe.
My brother works in France.
My clock is running seconds faster every day.
In the class, it was very noisy.
I'm your sister.
If you dream of starting your own business, but sit, enjoy yourself and don't do anything in that direction, you will not achieve anything.
Right now, I'm not hungry.
The kettle broke.
The teapot broke.
The teapot is whistling.
Bob filled the teapot with water.
We should work faster.
I took some creative liberties. I hope you don't mind.
He's quite a character!
Wait, what? That doesn't make any sense!
There's hella empty seats over there.
Now that you are an adult, you should know better.
We must work faster.
We have to work faster.
The train from Paris had just arrived.
He has smooth hands.
Today I had to fart.
I see waking up early as an important matter.
What is the reason why he came here?
He said he would call tomorrow.
Leave immediately!
It looks like we didn't understand him.
He bought a bread, a packet of butter and two canned sardines packed in oil.
He has money.
I felt sick.
There are people which have been given to taste only poison, to which any surprise is a hurtful one and any acquaintance becomes a new torture opportunity.
It annoys me if you speak your American English without opening your mouth.
She has enough willpower.
It has enough willpower.
The real heroes are us.
The field spoke!
Your words make me happy.
So it isn't new.
So he isn't new.
Which one do you prefer, the red one or the blue one?
He was born in Athens in 1956.
The doctor wouldn't allow me to take part in the marathon.
I have one cat and one dog. The cat is black and the dog is white.
I know the girl who is playing tennis.
You should protect your eyes from direct sunlight.
Finishing this job by Tuesday will be easy.
It'll be easy to finish this job by Tuesday.
Finishing this job by Tuesday will be a piece of cake.
Baby teeth are sharp.
Where are the book and the pencil?
He likes vegetables, especially cabbage.
Theodore owns the rose.
I talked about lions.
Japanese tourists can be found everywhere.
It would be better if you didn't eat before going to bed.
Trang needs fish oil.
Could you please tell me your height and weight?
Could you please tell me how tall you are and how much you weigh?
It's a long way between our houses.
You may have left your cellphone at home.
It's not polite to stare at others.
At this time, we'd like to again sincerely thank all our friends and contributors, and encourage all our subscribers and concert-goers to join our circle of friends, in case they haven't joined yet.
The golf course is completely deserted. There is not a single person!
Isn't she a little young?
Isn't he a little young?
Isn't she a bit young?
Isn't he a bit young?
She didn't want to think about it.
She was very nervous.
Something had to be done.
He's waiting for you at home.
The cat is waiting for you at home.
She ripped his shirt open.
There's something important I need to tell him.
There's something important I need to tell her.
The girl caught a small fish.
He dyed his hair black.
It has never been done before.
No, I don't want to.
He drives an electric car.
I'm feeling pretty good.
She's very curious.
He's very curious.
It's never been done before.
He's ready to go.
She's ready to go.
We're ready to go.
Are you Julius?
A promise doesn't mean a marriage.
When she comes, we'll eat.
He is not dumb.
But I have, they don't have money.
Please give me a Band-Aid and some medicine.
I don't feel well. Please give me some medicine.
I'm buying my sister a new hat.
The context is important.
In this city, there are three beauty salons.
This sentence isn't in English.
"When did he die?" "Not very long ago."
Romania's capital is Bucharest.
Even though I sleep too much, I'm always tired.
I did that already.
One organization allegedly controls the European drug market.
My father has quit smoking for his health.
My father has quit smoking for the sake of his health.
My father gave up smoking for his health.
This problem is hard to solve.
He is a great swimming champion.
Remember that the media broadcast what interests them, that's all.
He was extremely mad at him.
She didn't visit me on Sunday, but on Monday.
It wasn't Sunday that she visited me, but Monday.
What's a VCR?
She's going to make it.
He's going to make it.
Is she going to make it?
Is he going to make it?
He's not going to make it.
She's not going to make it.
She's secretly in love with him.
He's secretly in love with her.
I love you... as a friend.
I'm in big trouble.
These girls are in trouble.
He was afraid of making the first move.
She was afraid of making the first move.
I was afraid of making the first move.
Next week I will go to Vancouver and visit my younger sister.
Thanks for accepting my friend request on Facebook.
And this is my page.
My father told me not to read a book in bed.
He ratted us out.
She ratted me out.
I know what he said.
I know what she said.
I know what she did.
It would be fun.
He's old enough to be your father.
I'm old enough to be your father.
He couldn't stop smiling.
She couldn't stop smiling.
They couldn't stop smiling.
I must be dreaming.
She came out of the shower with only a towel on.
This box is heavy.
She came out of the shower naked.
He came out of the shower naked.
Tom always said he wanted to learn how to play mahjong.
Tom's mother always told him he should eat more vegetables.
Tom said that the box was too heavy to lift by himself.
My mother always told me that I should put money in the bank every month so I'd have enough money in case of an emergency.
Not my problem.
Shoes will change your life. Ask Cinderella.
She grabbed my hand.
He grabbed my hand.
She grabbed his hand.
How's the water?
I'll go first!
I'll go in first!
He crawled out of bed.
She crawled out of bed.
You may be correct.
You might be correct.
We had bacon and eggs.
I told him everything.
I told her everything.
I told them everything.
It's great for families.
I was not sure what to do.
He was not sure what to do.
She was not sure what to do.
It's been a long time since I've seen you.
She's a belly dancer.
I did something similar.
I guess it's too late to say no.
It's never too late to say no.
It's a good thing.
It was quite funny.
It's a basic human right.
It was very funny.
It was really funny.
It was awfully funny.
It's not a bad thing.
It was rather funny.
It was extremely funny.
It was fairly funny.
It was almost funny.
It was not at all funny.
The water is warm.
The water was warm.
The water was cold.
The water is cold.
"Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm."
It's almost seven. We have to go to school.
My English teacher recommended that I read these books.
I own a computer.
I have four computers, but two of them are so old I don't use them anymore.
Possibly the fossilized tracks belong to animals of the Jurassic period.
Rules are rules.
I like this colour.
This big sofa is really not suitable for a small room.
It's a difficult world.
In this store they like to bait and switch.
I'm calling the waiter.
The pain she suffered while being tortured was unimaginable.
My hovercraft is full of eels, and there's a bit of chewing gum stuck to my keyboard.
It's one of my favorite movies.
It's one of my favorite films.
The queue is too long at the ticket office.
While in the queue at the ticket office, I understood that I should have relied on your camera to take more pictures!
What are you doing here today?
I was just trying to be helpful.
We slept in the same room.
They slept in the same room.
We slept in the same bed.
They slept in the same bed.
This is very surprising.
It's very surprising.
Get out of bed.
Calm down; he's just teasing you.
Where's the rest of our class?
How did you cook this?
I need to have a haircut.
I need to get a haircut.
It keeps you on your toes.
I'm on to you.
I'm working in a town near Rome.
I love Norwegian!
I love the Norwegian language!
Peter is buying a tomcat.
Excuse me, without wasabi, please.
No matter who you ask, you won't be able to get a satisfactory answer.
Correct the mistakes, if there are any.
Correct the errors, if there are any.
New Metro stations — ‘Hrušaŭka’, ‘Michalova’ and ‘Piatroŭščyna’ — will be opened on October Revolution Day.
A good wife is worth a golden plow.
The child is eating the meat.
The child is eating meat.
As for the child, he is eating the meat.
As for the child, he is eating meat.
It's a child that is eating the meat.
It's a child that is eating meat.
It's meat that the child is eating.
Oh! I know very well that he is dead! cried out the trembling girl while lifting her tear-flooded face towards her protector.
They told us we could go home because of the snow.
Dismissing the frightened servant, Mary went alone into the room and closed the door.
Rich and generous, he was soon surrounded by those who knew well how to flatter and foster his weaknesses for their own ends.
Mary soon discovered that her husband grew more and more fond of his wine, and of even stronger stimulants.
The gentle young wife pleaded with tears that her darling husband should restrain his habit of drinking so much.
He was never what the verdict of society calls drunk. Yet was he ever sober?
Mary Elton, the rector's only child, a sweet maiden of twenty-two summers stood at the window of her pretty chamber, looking out upon the wonderful picture which frost and sunshine, with the long stretch of valley, and distant wood-clad hills, had made for her.
Mary's hands were clasped, and tears of happiness stood in her eyes as she gazed.
His love was passionate and pure.
The happy young wife suspected nothing of it.
And Mary was buried in the rural graveyard, under the shadow of the belfry tower.
It's a novel-based film.
It's a world controlled by very few countries.
He died leaving his widow and this one boy, with a small business, a long doctor's bill, and sad memories of the past.
It's a novel-based movie.
Religion's role is central.
It raises the question of fundamentalism.
When John was fourteen he was apprenticed to the trade of carpenter.
The poor widow with her two young children - herself an orphan - struggled bravely for a while against the fearful tide of adversity.
Women and girls would cross over the street rather than meet him.
A kindly-looking young woman took the hand of the miserable drunkard and drew him inside, shutting the door before he had time to realise what had happened.
She has a particular concept of home.
Australia has very strict rules on immigration.
She offers an alternative vision of home.
That's almost a shocking situation.
I have lived my life on the sea. I have been through many a storm. I know what it is to be within a step of death — ay, nearer than a step.
Little Mary was only seven years old when the sad event happened which made her a suffering cripple for life.
Farmer Jones, however, had the misfortune to have a wife who, before she was Mrs Jones, was very fond of drink.
Mary was, as usual, playing about among the farm implements or chasing the young pigs, and the fowls, and ducks across the home field.
Shrieking, and all on fire, little Mary bounded into the open air and on towards the ditch in which the young ducks were playing.
The house was burned to the ground, with all its contents.
The year after the first meeting, George and Mary were married.
The birds sang as only birds can sing on a bright spring morning.
She's so fucking charming!
How was your day today?
And Jacob put his rough hand reverently upon the open Bible that lay on Mary's knees.
Tom and his dog were on the spot before any of his fellow firemen.
The frantic shouts and screams of the excited household and guests made the confusion indescribable when it was found that scarcely anything of the costly building could be saved.
"O save my children!" shrieked the frantic mother, as she tried to rush into the burning pile.
He rushed up through the blinding smoke and hissing flames, till he reached the children.
Tom dashed into the room amid a shower of sparks and splinters of burning woodwork.
The last house was Tom's residence.
What a home! The place looked like some disused rag-store. The large unglazed window was closed up by a dilapidated shutter.
Tom stood leaning against the entrance smoking his clay pipe.
I am a slave to drink.
There's a pig in the sty.
Drop the anchor!
The more money we have, the more we want.
I washed my T-shirt.
"How many candles did you blow out on your birthday?" "Fifty-six."
How did you meet your partner?
She opened the cage and let the bird out.
Either they don't want to or they can't.
I slept very well.
My tea is too sweet.
Tom has been working for the same website design company for years.
Tom spent all day designing a website for a new client.
Tom used to smoke two packs of cigarettes a day.
Tom's wife doesn't like it when he smokes in the living room.
In the hands of a skilled designer, any two colors can go well together.
I haven't had a barbecue for a long time.
Language was invented to convey meaning. It's arguably the most direct form of human communication.
A sentence is never innocent.
Musical beauty has a direct and inseparable link to mathematical beauty.
I laughed very hard when I saw that.
Outside, cars rumbled and rattled as they passed by.
A sharp pain pierced her stomach.
Those who are terrorists for some, are resistance for others.
Can I ask you to join me?
I blame your beard.
Would you like tea or something?
I am this kid's companion.
They say Hauru tore her heart out.
I'll attract those guys.
Don't worry, he won't go after you.
Have you become an angel?
A mysterious sound approaches.
Isn't he cute when he's so angry?
They're nice guys.
I will serve you as an escort.
Different associations have criticized the Government's actions.
I swear to you I will never do it again.
Police officers throw tear gas at protesters outside congress.
There are no hospitals in this town, we have to go to the nearest city.
My seat is in the third row. Where are you sitting?
There were no seats left for the show.
A statement against social program cuts has been read.
Frankly, I'm not that impressed with his idea.
It's a good thing that this happened during the rehearsal and not the performance!
You guys are overplanning this.
She was put in charge of the project, despite having zero leadership skills.
The gamma function is a generalization of the factorial function.
So, the answer would be about 41.meters.
Humans are very poor random number generators. If you ask someone to pick a number from to 4, they'll usually pick 3.
Lojban and its predecessor Loglan are mutually unintelligible.
The derivatives of the inverse trigonometric functions are algebraic.
The fog was so thick that I couldn't see where I was going.
Tom was booed by a number of audience members.
I am being followed.
It's getting full of soldiers.
The world has become dangerous.
Do you plan to spend your whole life on that store?
I would like Quim Monzó to sign my book, but I'm embarrassed to ask.
I'll teach Esperanto in my country.
I believe in my abilities.
It exploded like gunpowder.
The rain pattered quietly on the shed's roof.
John lit a match.
He went to the hardware store to get a shovel.
You forgot to divide by X here.
What did he do after that?
Just a second. This call might be important.
It wasn't exactly a piece of cake.
The zombies are closing in on us!
Do you want your possessions identified?
They kept flashing that light in my eyes.
Did you vote?
It's too late to vote now. The polls are closed!
Who will be the next president of the United States?
Who did you vote for?
The two candidates are neck and neck.
Who will win Ohio?
Mitt Romney is the former governor of Massachusetts.
Some voters waited hours to vote.
People change. There's not much you can do about it.
Throw another log on the fire, will you?
Those who are terrorists for some, are freedom fighters for others.
Since it will be cold soon, it might be nice to enjoy doing something outdoors the final few warm days we have before winter sets in.
I think Tom and Mary might actually get married.
I know exactly who Tom plans to marry.
Let's throw a party for Tom.
Do you really think I should see a therapist?
I hope our luck doesn't run out.
Please get all of your junk out of this room.
If I had time, I would go to the movies.
He who doesn't use "brauchen" with "zu" shouldn't use "brauchen" at all.
I believe that she is honest.
I believe she is honest.
I believe he is honest.
I hope Tom is in a good mood.
Tom needs medical assistance.
Don't read what's in the envelope. Just give it to Tom.
I fed the dog.
My dog bit Tom.
This is very easy.
I hope something good happens before the day is over.
The term "autistic savant" is used to describe a person who is autistic and is extremely talented in one or more specialized fields.
Nowadays, we often use the term "senior citizen" to refer to old people.
Tom doesn't like to use the term "a person of color" because he thinks it implies that white people have no color.
The proposal was formally accepted at a plenary session of the association.
I'm really tired. Today, I walked way too much.
Have you got your tickets?
I have a dog that can run fast.
This is pure demagogy.
All the doors of the house were closed.
On a certain Friday night in November one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, did business occasion you to travel between London and Dover by the mail?
Mr. Jarvis Lorry, are you a clerk in Tellson's bank?
Good, right, yes.
"How is the young lady?" "She is greatly distressed; but her father is comforting her."
She and I are brother and sister.
Sam, no!
I'm not going anywhere.
Do you have your laptop with you?
Did you get my email yesterday with the instructions?
You gotta get more organized.
You were supposed to read Chapter 14. That was your homework over the weekend.
Oh, here comes Chris.
The Gall-Peters map projection was a subject of controversy.
Good job, Captain Obvious.
Some quartic equations can be easily decomposed into quadratics.
It's not like you're going to get arrested or anything.
On your mark! Get set! Go!
Ready! Get set! Go!
Hi, could you move? We're about to have a meeting here.
The point of hipster subculture is to avoid conforming to societal norms.
I never really studied C++ beyond "Hello, world!"
Yes, he is an inventor, if I understood correctly.
My friend is bilingual.
Our evidence is no more than a tiny sliver of solid knowledge amidst the vast bog of doubts and speculations.
It's witchcraft!
I think I'm going to make a triple camomile.
This sentence is true.
The following sentence is true. The preceding sentence is false.
Even if I knew, I couldn't tell you.
Get ready.
They're always together.
Lady Gaga gave $million to the Red Cross to help the victims of Hurricane Sandy.
The best is yet to come.
President Obama won a second term.
We're all in this together.
You're cute.
Did somebody hit you?
Did he hit you?
Did Tom hit you?
Your cat is cute.
Tom and Mary always seem to be hanging out together.
You're not above the law.
No one is above the law.
I'm not a snitch.
I remember when I was about your age.
This storm will also pass.
He had a change of heart.
She had a change of heart.
Don't ask any questions.
What did you do at school today?
I'd prefer it if you didn't ask me any questions.
Who ate the last cookie?
If you want to ask a question, please put your hand up.
Tom wanted to ask questions, but he didn't.
Mary wanted to ask a question, but she didn't.
It's confidential.
It's top secret.
He decided not to press charges.
Can you tell me what happened?
I learned my lesson.
Have you learned your lesson?
He was at the wrong place at the wrong time.
She was at the wrong place at the wrong time.
I was at the wrong place at the wrong time.
Do you like chocolate milk?
Don't ask questions, just come with me.
Don't ask questions, just do it.
Have you ever asked me a question that wasn't rhetorical?
I didn't ask any questions.
Tom hardly ever asks questions.
I just wanted to ask a question.
I knew better than to ask questions.
Let me ask a question.
One of the students raised his hand to ask a question.
Please don't ask that kind of question.
The reporters continued to ask questions.
Shoot first, ask questions later.
When I was studying to become a lawyer, my teachers told me to never ask a question that I didn't know the answer to.
Would you mind if I ask a question?
You often ask questions I can't answer.
You're not paid to ask questions.
Do you like sweet tea?
Do you like grits?
I still feel bad about it.
What kind of question is that?
Do you enjoy it?
Did you enjoy it?
I'm glad you're okay.
Are you enjoying yourself?
Are you enjoying the evening?
Are you enjoying the holidays?
Are you enjoying the play?
Are you enjoying this?
Are you enjoying your stay here?
Aren't you enjoying yourself?
Did you enjoy reading that book?
Did you enjoy that?
Did you enjoy the game?
Did you enjoy the movie?
Did you enjoy the show?
Did you enjoy your birthday?
Did you enjoy your meal?
Did you enjoy the tour?
Do you enjoy losing?
Do you really enjoy doing that kind of thing?
I do hope you enjoy the rest of your day.
I do hope you enjoyed the dinner.
I enjoyed every minute of it.
I hope you enjoy your vacation.
I hope you enjoyed it.
I hope you enjoyed the show.
I hope you enjoyed your trip.
I hope you'll enjoy the concert.
I suppose you enjoy that sort of thing.
I'm glad to see you enjoy your work so much.
I'm starting to think you enjoy being with me.
What kind of things do you enjoy doing?
You enjoy that, don't you?
You enjoy working here, don't you?
You enjoyed doing that, didn't you?
You enjoyed that, didn't you?
You looked like you enjoyed that.
You looked like you were enjoying yourself.
You seem to be enjoying this as much as I am.
You seem to enjoy watching me suffer.
You'd better not let Tom know you enjoyed it.
She's kind of pretty.
He's kind of handsome.
He never talked about it.
She never talked about it.
He doesn't want to talk about it.
Things got out of hand.
If he'd taken his doctor's advice, he might not have died.
If she'd taken her doctor's advice, she might not have died.
If they'd taken their doctors' advice, they might not have died.
You, too, know Mr. Kimura, don't you?
I heard that that boy traveled from Hokkaido to Kyushu by bicycle.
If you do something that stupid, you'll be laughed at.
If you do something that crazy, you'll be laughed at.
People will laugh at you if you do something as stupid as that.
We could say that both of those balls are the same weight.
You could say that both of those balls are the same weight.
I will need your help.
The Amazon is the second longest river in the world, next to the Nile.
Can you speak Japanese?
There are more ignorant people than wise people, and even in the wise people there is more ignorance then wisdom.
It's hard to tell the difference between the truth and lies.
I don't have time to read books.
This is a good book, but that is better.
Mark's car is called "Thunder Giant".
You know this isn't the way we should be doing this.
He's never been to America.
You look just like your father.
I have nothing left to lose.
You must make your own decisions.
This is but a humble downtown store.
Please be leaving.
To pick a fight with her, that's courageous.
The children rode a toboggan down the hill in the snowy weather.
You must remain calm.
Panicking will certainly not help.
Panicking isn't going to help.
You're probably too young to understand this.
You're probably too young to understand what's happening.
You're probably too young to understand why Tom had to leave.
You're probably too young to understand why we have to do this.
You're probably too young to understand what is likely to happen next.
She looks like an Indian.
Tom picked up the bottle, but had trouble opening it.
Tom has trouble opening bottles.
Tom has trouble standing still.
Tom had trouble believing that Mary would actually want to go out with him.
Tom had trouble believing that Mary actually liked him.
Tom has trouble keeping up with the rest of his class.
Tom has trouble keeping his temper.
Tom has trouble fitting in.
Tom has trouble with social interactions.
Tom has trouble socializing with people.
Tom has trouble getting along with other people.
Tom seems to be unable to interact normally with other people.
Tom has a short attention span.
Tom sometimes is very aggressive and likes to start arguments.
Tom sometimes has trouble understanding other people's motives and desires.
Tom sometimes has trouble understanding other people's feelings.
Tom sometimes has trouble keeping his balance.
Tom often has trouble remembering things.
Tom often has trouble choosing what clothes to wear.
To be honest, I would lie, if I said that I have never regretted my sudden decisions.
If the idiots would compete, you would be second because you are too idiot to be the first.
Japan is a country that is completely surrounded by oceans.
When will that picture I wanted enlarged be ready?
My father brags about never having had a traffic accident.
My father is proud of the fact that he's never been in a traffic accident.
The series of crimes were thought to have been committed by the same man.
He was covered all over with paint.
Rather than cutting down on cigarettes, why don't you just give them up?
Instead of cutting down on cigarettes, why don't you just give them up?
Humans only live about years.
People live only about years.
What time did you wake up?
Don't let him know the truth.
It's not a vice.
The weather is so hot.
Come immediately.
Our teacher sometimes speaks too fast.
He's nervous and easily frightened.
I can't give you an immediate answer.
I can't give you an answer right away.
That singer is going to become popular.
All the passengers died, but the pilot and copilot survived.
I didn't know you could cook so well.
Why did you start learning French?
Why did you start studying French?
Please tell me who some of the famous musicians in your country are.
There's never enough time to do everything you want to do.
I'd like to thank you for doing such a great job.
Let's climb to the top of this mountain.
She isn't old enough to get a driver's license.
I'm not sure where I should put this.
I am thrilled to be here.
Get in line.
He's not himself.
She's not herself.
I'm not myself.
Meet me there at midnight.
He's a repo man.
He's a repossession agent.
She's wearing high heels.
What more do you want?
Is it legal?
She's a good girl.
He's a good boy.
She was wearing a mink coat.
She was wearing a fur coat.
You should not wear a fur coat.
Rabbits are extremely social animals.
He was angry and confused.
She was angry and confused.
I was angry and confused.
He did a pretty good job.
She did a pretty good job.
Did you cheat on me?
How was I supposed to know?
Why are girls so complicated?
Men are simple.
Girls aren't complicated. Men are simple.
She sees nothing wrong with it.
He sees nothing wrong with it.
I see nothing wrong with it.
My credit card is maxed out.
My credit cards are maxed out.
I can't pay the rent.
I want some answers.
I assume we're doing a pretty good job since no one has complained.
I think Tom is doing a pretty good job for us.
I think we've done a pretty good job so far.
I thought Tom did a pretty good job.
It looks like you did a pretty good job.
Museums do a pretty good job preserving history.
Our local TV station does a pretty good job of covering local news.
Tom and Mary are doing a pretty good job of that all by themselves.
Tom did a pretty good job of selecting music for the dance.
Tom does a pretty good job concealing his pain.
Tom does a pretty good job of forecasting the weather.
Tom has been doing a pretty good job of eluding the police, but eventually he'll get caught.
Tom has done a pretty good job concealing his dissatisfaction.
Tom told me I had done a pretty good job.
You should take your car to Tom's Garage. He does a pretty good job.
You've been doing a pretty good job so far.
You've done a pretty good job so far.
At the moment, I have a pretty good job.
Last year, Tom had a pretty good job.
You should read a book like the one he is reading now.
I'm looking forward to the summer break.
He unbuckled his belt.
She unbuckled her belt.
Her hair was unkempt.
She unbuckled his belt.
This is her fault.
This is his fault.
This is the cat's fault.
As the room fall silent, only the ticking sound of an old clock could be heard.
My family is still working, so I can't go to Texas right away.
My family is still working, so they can't go to Texas right away.
Is it OK if we don't go to Costco this time?
I thought for sure you would stay in Japan forever.
I missed my family, so I went back.
I want to have a word with you.
I'm really proud of you.
Can I count on you?
It's for your own safety.
War is evil.
I'm good for now.
I need you to see this.
Do you want me to call the police?
You have got to be kidding me.
I am not a big fan of the Hollywood superhero movies.
My husband was so flabbergasted he dropped his car keys.
Fat chance.
Nobody has asked you to agree, but can't you at least accept that there are people who hold different views from you?
There are certain expressions which are now only used ironically.
You don't fucking say.
See if I care!
In the 80's, things were really quite different.
That guy standing in the corner over there can finish a smoke in less than a minute.
Both of my parents were unemployed, but they didn't let that stop them from properly looking after me and my brothers and sisters.
I don't trust politicians.
I'll have a kebab pizza deluxe, with mixed sauce.
If you're so inclined, sure, get the fuck out of here.
I eat fruits because I am hungry.
Could you please put the baby to bed?
Would you please put the baby to bed?
Please put the baby to bed.
You can't remember it and I'll never forget it.
I can't find the newspaper.
I'd like to have my teeth cleaner.
She works slowly.
What do you mean by Human?
Is there really a sustainable peace?
The people are under pressure.
Is there such a thing as an honest politician?
Kant, in his book "Perpetual Peace", offers a very practical means of establishing means of perpetual peace between nations.
Three old women are sitting at a table, striping goosefeathers.
You're not schizophrenic.
Could you please help me figure this out?
I'd rather be dead than red.
Rather dead than red.
Tom, you're not schizophrenic.
Tom isn't schizophrenic.
Tom is schizophrenic.
Tom is clearly a paranoid schizophrenic.
Tom has been diagnosed paranoid schizophrenic.
Some people think Tom is schizophrenic.
I don't think you're schizophrenic.
I don't think Tom is schizophrenic.
They must love you.
She must love you.
They must love her.
He must love her.
In Japan, it's very hot in the summer.
That boy speaking English is taller than I am.
That boy speaking English is taller than me.
Keisuke is taller than me.
It looks like rain. We should close the windows.
The tiles that fell from the roof broke into pieces.
The tiles that fell from the roof broke into very small pieces.
Smoking is now prohibited on all domestic flights.
Tom wrote down his new teacher's name so he wouldn't forget it.
Don't be fooled by his good looks.
It was a brief journey.
The journey was brief.
There was a drop in temperature after it rained.
I can't forget the scent of his hair.
Who is familiar with a book consisting of one page only?
The student read the book the night before the exam.
The prominent physician was invested doctor honoris causa.
I'm seeing him this evening.
I'm meeting her this evening.
I'm meeting him this evening.
She worked so hard that eventually she became ill.
I'm just about to head off to the station.
What a big surprise!
Self confidence is the key to success.
Trusting yourself is the key to success.
What's your Skype username?
I give you five minutes to solve this problem.
I was really impressed with your translation of English sentences in Dutch.
He's a gadget freak.
Minors are drinking alcohol inside this bar.
Please send bug reports to the following email address.
There's a new James Bond movie.
The bar where Tom works lost its license because they had been selling alcoholic drinks to minors.
I'll pray for you.
Do you like spruce beer?
Do you like root beer?
Why do you think I'm here?
It belongs to my father.
It belongs to my mother.
It belonged to my father.
It belonged to my mother.
I don't want to get in trouble.
I didn't want to get in trouble.
Tom told me that he often drinks root beer, but he'd not only never drunk spruce beer, he'd never even heard of it.
She didn't want to get in trouble.
He didn't want to get in trouble.
He doesn't want to get in trouble.
She doesn't want to get in trouble.
My passport was stolen.
Her passport was stolen.
His passport was stolen.
They stole my passport!
She got what she deserved.
He got what he deserved.
You got what you deserved.
He thinks that he can win at the casino.
He lost all of his money gambling.
He gambled away his life savings.
He lost all of his money at the casino.
He sashayed around the room.
He plays baccarat.
He's a grouch.
The proof is in the pudding.
This book is a whodunit.
It's a scandalous idea!
He's a patient man.
She's a patient woman.
Open the door!
Your marriage is in trouble.
You're the one who got me in trouble in the first place.
You're supposed to help your friends when they're in trouble.
You're not going to get in trouble for helping me.
You're in trouble, aren't you?
You're in trouble with the teacher.
You're in trouble again, aren't you?
You're going to be in trouble and it's my fault.
You wouldn't be in trouble if it weren't for me.
You should help your friends when they're in trouble.
You said you were in trouble. How can I help?
You really are in trouble, aren't you?
Won't you get in trouble for this?
Why should Tom be in trouble?
What makes you think Tom is in trouble?
We're going to get in trouble for that.
We think Tom may be in trouble.
We heard Tom was in trouble.
We all knew Tom was in trouble, but none of us did anything to help.
Tom's company is in trouble.
Tom, I'm scared we're going to get in trouble.
Tom, I'm in trouble. I need you to come get me.
Tom was in trouble.
Tom was in trouble financially.
Tom was in trouble and we let him down.
Tom took one look at the teacher's face and he knew he was in trouble.
Tom told Mary that John was in trouble.
Tom seems to be able to sense when someone is in trouble.
Tom risked getting in trouble for me.
Tom realized he was in trouble.
Tom may be in trouble.
Tom knows he's in trouble.
Tom knows he's in trouble now.
Tom knew he was in trouble.
Tom is running the risk of getting himself in trouble.
Tom is obviously in trouble.
Tom is in trouble, isn't he?
Tom is always getting in trouble.
Tom has no desire to get John in trouble.
Tom has never been in trouble in his life.
Tom got you in trouble, didn't he?
Tom got in trouble, didn't he?
Tom doesn't yet realize he's in trouble.
Tom doesn't even know he's in trouble.
Tom didn't sound as if he was in trouble.
Think of all the times we've been in trouble before.
They're in trouble.
There's a chance Tom is in trouble.
The way you talk is going to get you in trouble someday.
That's not going to get me in trouble.
That's exactly what got me in trouble in the first place.
People in trouble often have nowhere to turn.
Now I'm in trouble.
Mary thought Tom was in trouble.
Mary said Tom was in trouble.
It sounds like Tom is in trouble again.
Is Tom in trouble again?
If Tom were in trouble, Mary would know.
I've never been in trouble with the law.
I've been in trouble before.
I'm sorry I got you in trouble.
I'm not the only one in trouble here.
I'm not in trouble.
I'm in trouble. I need your help.
I'm in trouble now.
I'm holding you personally responsible for getting us in trouble with the police.
I'm already in trouble.
I'll probably get in trouble for telling you this, but I don't care.
I'll get in trouble if I do that.
I won't get anyone in trouble.
I think that Tom and Mary are in trouble.
I think I'm in trouble.
I never meant for Tom to get in trouble.
I need to help a friend in trouble.
I know why Tom is in trouble.
I know why they're in trouble.
I know I'm in trouble now.
I heard you might be in trouble.
I had a feeling that Tom was in trouble.
I guess I'm really in trouble now.
I could get in trouble if I did that.
Has Tom ever been in trouble with the law?
Everyone needs someone to turn to when they're in trouble.
Everybody knew Tom was in trouble.
Does that mean we're in trouble?
Does that mean I'm in trouble?
Did you get in trouble?
Are you in trouble with the law?
Are you going to get in trouble because of me?
Am I in trouble?
Am I in trouble financially?
I'm too drunk.
He's too drunk.
The robbers came out from behind the trees and attacked him.
I do love Finland, but I can't stand the Finns.
Sure, my mum is a prostitute, but at least we have a place to stay.
I forget, do they have a panda at the Ueno Zoo?
It seems as if my daughter is faintly aware that I'm not her real mother.
I was really surprised to hear that this cultivator cost as much as million yen.
This is a decent town.
It just isn't worth it.
It's just not worth it.
You look terrible.
I wanted to see you, too.
The train left the station and was soon out of sight.
What is considered impolite in one language may not be considered impolite in another language.
Since he's visited Rome many times, he knows it well.
The train had already left by the time I got to the station.
We're looking for some computer-savvy people to work for us.
If it weren't for music, the world would be a dull place.
If it weren't for music, the world would be a boring place.
Without music, the world would be a boring place.
I wonder if she'll recognize me after so many years.
Compared to last summer, we haven't had so much rain this year.
Just the gesture is enough, thank you.
For a while, I was really addicted to cola and drank it every day.
As the train pulled out, they waved goodbye to their parents.
Mr. Suzuki persuaded his son to drop his plan to study abroad.
Mr. Suzuki persuaded his son to give up his plan to study abroad.
The house standing on the hill is very old.
I'm getting sick and tired of Ms. Maruta and her noisy friends.
"One way or round trip?" "Um... let me think. Round trip."
Did he learn Japanese as well?
Do you agree about that?
She doesn't want me to speak about this matter.
She doesn't want me to speak about this issue.
He asked for a glass of water.
Today is one of my friends' birthday.
I care for no man on earth, and no man on earth cares for me.
He resorted to his pint of wine for consolation, drank it all in a few minutes, and fell asleep on his arms, with his hair straggling over the table.
Those were drinking days, and most men drank hard. So very great is the improvement Time has brought about in such habits, that a moderate statement of the quantity of wine and punch which one man would swallow in the course of a night, without any detriment to his reputation as a perfect gentleman, would seem, in these days, a ridiculous exaggeration.
She managed to escape.
What isn't yet may later be.
Have you ever thought about the connection between the breath, the mind, and the body?
Youtube is a great place to find songs with the lyrics in the video.
There is enough iron in your body to make a nail.
Come to Albania, where we always make good coffee.
Pollsters polled 1,families on their preferences in TV programs.
People go to the polls to vote.
Pollsters conducted a poll on the popularity of the political candidates.
Please don't tell me to stop drinking.
If you had picked up the phone, I would have invited you to the party in Paul’s house.
He's looking for a job in computer programming.
It's too soon to think about marriage. We're still getting to know each other.
The police searched for the stolen computers but they were never recovered.
Be careful with the way that you use the word "far" when describing distances. You can use it in questions or in negative sentences.
You won't have a reason to not want to get on it.
Give me a minute and l'm good. lf l've got an hour, l'm great. You give me six months, l'm unbeatable.
He went to France to brush up his colloquial French.
He traveled to France to brush up his colloquial French.
Let me know if you know where to find some.
Where are my clothes?
He wanted to meet you.
He wanted to meet me.
She wanted to meet you.
She wanted to meet me.
What a long flight!
I can't wait to shower.
Have as much fun as possible.
I don't remember if I told you that I am so jealous.
I forgot to send you an e-mail.
He made up his mind.
That will remain a mystery.
She made up her mind.
It's a family heirloom.
Nobody suspected anything.
I'm sorry to hear that you all lost power.
Where is she going?
She's an honest girl.
He's an honest man.
He knocked the door with a tap.
This is correct.
He's a very hard worker.
She's a very hard worker.
He scratched his balls.
She scratched her head.
He scratched his head.
Do you like ravioli?
Do you like wonton soup?
Do you like dumplings?
Do you like tortellini?
She went to the library.
He went to the library.
What in the world are you doing here?
You've gotta be kidding!
You shouldn't have done that.
He shouldn't have done that.
She shouldn't have done that.
He squinted.
She squinted.
I've got a plan.
She gave him a kick in the balls.
She made sure nobody could see her.
He made sure nobody could see her.
He made sure nobody could see him.
They made sure nobody could see them.
He chewed his gum.
Who sent you?
Geese fly in a V shape.
It's stupid and dangerous.
Don't do it! It's stupid and dangerous.
He's been dead ten years.
I'm opposed to that bill.
You have no right to do that.
Is it OK if I leave my homework here?
The blind young man has overcome his handicap.
I give you five minutes to resolve this issue.
Tom doesn't want me to talk about what we discussed yesterday.
I know what it is you're looking for.
I know who it is you're looking for.
The elections this weekend will in some way have an impact on what will be the elections.
I looked Tom in the eyes and told him the truth.
Do you have any idea who would do this?
Do you have any idea who would do this kind of thing?
I know that you don't like me.
I know you don't like me.
Look at this.
But fun is not enough.
These machines are distinguished by particularly high-quality workmanship.
A fresh layer of snow covered the street.
He's the little brother I never had.
He plays Minecraft day in, day out.
He's in desperate need of a haircut.
We're going too fast! I can't play a walking bass line at this tempo.
We're only a little away from two million.
In high school, he alienated all his friends with his constant mocking.
A googol is ten to the power of one hundred.
I want to marry this man.
How much time did you spend on it?
The view from the top of the mountain was breathtaking.
It's pouring pretty hard out there!
Zap it in the microwave for thirty seconds.
His stage presence has really improved since last year.
All that was left to them was one another.
All they had was one another.
You can call us at any time.
All they had was each other.
I disagree. It's not racist to use the word "race."
We're going to watch a play.
The view from the summit of the mountain was breathtaking.
In his books, he would often fulminate against the government and its policies.
You're afraid of him, aren't you?
You have to be joking!
Hard to believe, but that's the way it is.
Sure, it might be traumatic, but so what?
Well done, guys.
Your mother is extremely dirty‐minded, Pelle. I can't stand her insinuations!
Maybe you don't watch TV that often?
The robots will gain control one day, be sure of that.
Let's make that much very fucking clear!
Bullying is a serious problem, but we have to understand that setting out to eliminate it entirely isn't a realistic proposition.
I sure wouldn't mind a sip of some fine almond liqueur right now.
Every time I use my microwave oven, my Wi-Fi stops working. It's extremely irritating.
My girlfriend is crazy over Forever 21, but at least it's cheap.
I prefer vodka myself, though I don't mind the occasional liqueur.
The problem with the Swedish animation industry is that it is, by and large, nonexistent.
These devices are distinguished by particularly high-quality workmanship.
He's very honest, so we can depend on him.
He's very honest, so we can rely on him.
Your parents adored me.
Our parents adored me.
The words of a drunk man are the thoughts of a sober man.
I love the Norwegian winter.
Use only in case of emergency.
She lives alone in the large house.
I was just watching this.
I love these actors.
He lives in a village near Osaka.
The city is small.
The city is big.
The train is early.
The train is late.
The house is warm.
The neighbors are noisy.
The neighbors are quiet.
The neighbors are friendly.
The box is heavy.
The box is light.
The bus is slow.
The bus is quick.
The towel is wet.
The towel is dry.
The book is old.
The book is new.
The teacher is friendly.
The teacher is unfriendly.
The food is good.
The food is bad.
The rent is expensive.
The rent is cheap.
The sofa is comfortable.
The sofa is uncomfortable.
The hole is narrow.
The hole is wide.
The glass is clean.
The glass is dirty.
The girl is ugly.
The girl is pretty.
The room is dark.
The room is light.
The game is fun.
The game is boring.
The tree is straight.
The tree is crooked.
The bridge is high.
The bridge is low.
The bottle is full.
The bottle is empty.
The exam is easy.
The exam is difficult.
Life is expensive.
Life is cheap.
The skin is soft.
The skin is rough.
The smell is pleasant.
The smell is disgusting.
The ring is loose.
The ring is tight.
The wind is strong.
The wind is weak.
The park is sunny.
The park is shady.
The meat is cooked.
The meat is raw.
The password is long.
The password is short.
The boy is fat.
The boy is thin.
The boy is slim.
I have something very important to tell you.
I have something important to tell you.
Don't go in there.
The results were spectacular.
My parents are asleep.
He pretended to be asleep.
She pretended to be asleep.
That sounds like a great idea.
The coast is clear.
Come a bit closer.
I miss her.
I miss my cat.
Today, I have a date with destiny.
Today is the day of my predestined meeting.
I hate the way that he speaks to me.
You can add a literal translation.
Must we already go? - Yes, the time has come.
This book has many pictures.
Don't forget us.
Too bad I didn't wait for your response before I added the sentences.
Tom is the only person who can show you how to do that.
I know I should have said something, but I didn't know what to say.
Please don't forget to turn off the light before you go to bed.
Please remember to turn off the light before going to bed.
His debt reached a hundred dollars.
Are you still asking yourself what the meaning of life is?
They walked down the street singing a song.
Do you have a moment to talk about Jesus?
This isn't how I remember it.
Don't go, my dears.
That's really what you want?
The thick fog made it impossible to see the building.
I've gotten used to going to bed early.
Look at me when I'm talking to you!
I'm glad to see you here.
Did he say that?
We are not made for each other.
Some claim that taxing the rich inhibits job creation.
If only I'd known then what I know now.
I asked him to slowly read off the numbers on the meter.
Teachers should never make fun of students who make mistakes.
A teacher should never make fun of a student who makes a mistake.
If you're wrong, admit it. If you're right, be quiet.
Ignore him; he's just an annoying kid who wants attention.
Any comments, suggestions, or complaints?
I'm gonna have to call you right back.
As he gets older, he's getting more and more stubborn.
He's getting more and more stubborn with age.
What are you doing Sunday?
I discouraged him from going swimming since it looked like it was going to rain.
I discouraged him from going swimming because it looked like it was going to rain.
I have nothing in particular to say about this problem.
I have nothing in particular to say about this situation.
I may have to come home late. In that case, I'll call you.
I might have to come home late. In that case, I'll phone you.
He climbs trees easily.
If you tell too many lies, people won't ever believe you.
It stopped raining and we were able to finish our game of tennis.
You cannot scale creativity.
He has no trouble climbing trees.
Because of the rain, the boys couldn't play baseball on the playground.
This is why I don't have a boyfriend.
That's why Tom doesn't have a girlfriend.
This was her first novel.
There's a movement from a context to another.
The film skips the whole story of the dead boy.
Indian women are not allowed to work outside their houses.
Their works are mainly for the black market.
Her letters become less significant.
Karim has a significant role in the film.
Bangladesh became independent in 1971.
The husband presents a more spiritual vision of religion.
She's very religious.
She finds strength in her religion.
She's very different at the end of the film.
The two daughters are the second generation.
The two daughters are different from each other.
The husband is quite naive.
For Karim, she embodies the values of Bangladeshi women.
The older daughter wants to be British.
She wants to be part of the English society.
The Bangladeshi community thought it wasn't a balanced description.
The Bangladeshi community tried to stop the film shooting.
The novel and the relative film have been controversial.
If you are an ethnic writer, you have a burden of representation.
She didn't speak English when she arrived in England.
The Bangladeshi community tried to stop the movie shooting.
He wants to be part of the English society.
He finds strength in his religion.
She's very different at the end of the movie.
Karim has a significant role in the movie.
His letters become less significant.
The movie skips the whole story of the dead boy.
One may add matres lectionis when the word could be ambiguous, but surely it is not obligatory.
The novel and the relative movie have been controversial.
It's ready now.
She's ready now.
He's ready now.
Can I stay?
Can we go?
How's Tom?
Tom left.
Tom lied.
Tom lost.
Tom moved.
Who quit?
Tom quit.
Tom smiled.
Tom waved.
Tom yawned.
Who died?
Tom died.
Did I win?
Who won?
Tom won.
I won!
I would have come back.
I thought that this can't be true.
My thoughts exactly!
That's what I thought too!
The pilot closes the door.
Some of you will attend the party.
He needs to speak English.
She took a painkiller.
He doled out the waffle batter with a large soup spoon.
You are a great person.
I hope to contact other Esperantists through the radio, as I'm a radio amateur. My call sign is F5NQW.
Turkish is a difficult language.
Life is like a soap bubble.
You speak English fluently.
I'm bored and don't know what to do.
When will you get home?
They called on him to provide evidence.
Teach me how you do that.
I didn't know the truth until yesterday.
That's too hard a problem for me to solve.
I feel helpless.
Hey, don't go.
Magenta is the best color in the world!
Is scarlet a fruit or a color?
I love the color scarlet!
Wow! The color scarlet is beautiful.
What is onyx?
Scarlet is a beautiful color, but I like fuchsia.
I never worked with her.
I never worked with him.
I've never worked with Tom.
Tom has never worked with Mary.
Have you and Tom ever worked together?
When was the last time you worked with Tom?
This is my tackle box.
That tackle box looks a lot like mine.
I wish I had a tackle box as nice as yours.
Grab your fishing pole and tackle box and let's go fishing.
He went out fishing.
He likes to go out fishing alone.
It's a popular fishing spot.
He doesn't drink anymore.
I, too, have the right to speak.
She doesn't drink anymore.
I don't drink anymore.
He's a fly fisher.
He caught a big one.
Tom has gone fishing.
It seemed too easy.
How many fish did you catch?
This seems too easy.
I certainly hope so.
It's like shooting fish in a barrel.
I'm sick of eating fish.
I'm sick of fish.
Let's go fishing.
I bought a new fishing rod.
That's a pretty big fish you've just caught.
Tom went fishing.
I'm going fishing.
He went deer hunting.
He went fishing.
He caught a large trout.
Have you caught any big fish?
Some people say that fish is brain food.
Do you sometimes drink red wine with fish?
Tom drinks like a fish.
Tom saw some dead fish floating on the lake.
I didn't order fish.
I caught more fish than Tom did.
He has a nice rod.
Do you have a fishing boat?
Can we rent a fishing boat here?
Fish don't like sunlight.
The fish fought hard.
I've never been fishing.
I've never been fishing with Tom.
I've never been fishing in Texas.
I've never gone fishing at night.
It looks like you've hooked a big one.
We have bigger fish to fry.
All Tom wants to do is fish.
Fishing is Tom's life.
Fishing is the only thing Tom wants to do.
Fishing is the only thing Tom ever wants to do.
What do you expect in return?
What does he expect in return?
What does she expect in return?
Tom usually fishes off the dock, but sometimes he fishes from the shore.
Is he that good?
Is she that good?
That's a delicious-looking fish.
There are plenty of fish in the sea.
He's up to something.
She's up to something.
He went on a fishing trip.
He took Tom on a fishing trip.
Is it valuable?
Is this valuable?
Sorry, but you're not allowed to fish here.
It's priceless.
I thought it would make you laugh.
I thought it would make him laugh.
Tom is out fishing with Mary.
I thought it would make her laugh.
Why don't we do some fishing?
They met on a fishing trip.
I didn't catch one single fish.
I didn't catch even one fish.
I didn't even catch one fish.
I asked her out.
I think I'd rather be fishing.
I asked her out and she said yes.
I went night-fishing with Tom.
Thanks for taking Tom fishing.
It's not the same.
Tom never liked to go fishing.
Tom never enjoyed fishing with his father.
He knows what he's talking about.
She knows what she's talking about.
I know what I'm talking about.
The fish don't seem to be biting this morning.
Have you ever been trout fishing?
His body was never found.
Her body was never found.
I'm never taking you fishing again.
I saw Tom and Mary carrying their fishing poles and tackle boxes.
He's a con artist.
She's a con artist.
Would you like to come fishing with us?
I've caught a lot of fish here. It's a great fishing spot.
You and Tom used to go fishing together, didn't you?
This is almost as good as fishing.
Would you like more?
He's a fishing guide.
Let's spend the whole day fishing.
We spent the whole day fishing.
You aren't supposed to go fishing without a license.
Tom has never been fishing in his life.
You're not supposed to go hunting without a license.
What a beautiful morning for fishing!
The last I heard, Tom was fishing up in Canada.
She bit her lip.
He bit his lip.
Tom is crazy about fishing.
Tom put on his fishing vest and hat and headed for the door.
You and I have other fish to fry.
She stopped dead in her tracks.
I was hoping to go fishing today.
He stopped dead in his tracks.
I was hoping to go fishing today, but something came up.
I don't like the way Tom is always fishing for a compliment.
Tom opened a can of tuna fish.
Tom spent hours looking at the fish in the tank.
It's too bad we're not out fishing.
It's a shame we're not out fishing.
He's getting suspicious.
She's getting suspicious.
He opened a can of worms.
You've just opened a can of worms.
Get back to work!
The only thing I want to do is go fishing.
All I want to do is go fishing.
I hope you're wrong.
I hope he's wrong.
I hope she's wrong.
Tom saw Mary catch a fish.
I hope I'm wrong.
Tom assumed Mary caught a fish.
Tom didn't think Mary would catch a fish.
Tom was pretty sure that Mary wouldn't catch a fish.
Tom was surprised that Mary caught more fish than he did.
Tom was surprised when Mary caught a fish.
Tom and Mary were walking down the path with fishing poles slung over their shoulders.
Enjoy your stay.
You should be grateful.
He went back to the hotel.
She went back to the hotel.
I used to go ice fishing when I was younger.
I don't know the first thing about fishing.
Tom decided to take up fly fishing.
Tom made tuna fish sandwiches for Mary and John.
Tom sat down at the counter and ate a tuna fish sandwich.
Tom was feeling a little guilty.
He felt a little guilty.
Nobody says you can't go fishing.
Nobody said you couldn't go fishing.
She did not look happy.
She does not look happy.
He did not look happy.
He does not look happy.
I'm as surprised as you are.
There's a fishing lodge near Boston that I often go to.
Why won't you listen to me?
Why won't he listen to me?
Why won't she listen to me?
He outsmarted me.
She outsmarted me.
I outsmarted her.
They kissed.
She overdosed on heroin.
Tom is just a large fish in a very small pond.
Tom promised to take me fishing.
There are a number of fishing boats tied up at the dock.
Don't talk to me. Just give me paper.
He was a bit embarrassed.
I was a bit embarrassed.
She was a bit embarrassed.
They were a bit embarrassed.
Tom is chopping heads off fish.
He chuckled.
She chuckled.
I chuckled.
I wondered why Tom didn't seem to enjoy fishing with us.
Tom wears a modified fishing vest to hold all his harmonicas when he performs on stage.
Tom showed Mary how to gut a fish.
Tom grabbed Mary's fishing pole to help her pull in the fish.
Tom unhooked the fish and released it back into the water.
Tom threw his line in and waited for the fish to bite.
Tom lived in a small fishing village.
Tom and I are fishing buddies.
I was fined for fishing without a license.
He spoke with a Taiwanese accent mixed in.
You can believe him. He's not an untrustworthy person.
I finally feel appreciated.
It's cool this morning, isn't?
He's hungry for power.
Approximately how large is the community?
You sent medicine from your pharmacy.
We'll see each other tomorrow in the library.
Yesterday my father caught three fish.
You don't know whether he has a girlfriend?
His boyfriend gave him the key to his apartment.
All the essays, other than yours, were good.
On what grounds are you arresting me?
I'm sorry I told you.
I've visited Kyoto twice.
I love dogs.
I'm a dog lover.
I don't like eating pineapples. They have a strong smell.
The car was carrying four people when the accident occurred.
She couldn't have expected that he would come home when everything was over.
In winter, I like to stay at home, near the fire, and listen to the wind blow.
I'll be glad to take you up on your invitation!
Have any of you been to Hawaii?
My heart broke when I saw the dying birds.
My heart broke at the sight of the dying birds.
We can't live without water for even a day.
You owe it to yourself to do it.
Hello, is Mr. Freeman there?
But it lets us get into the church.
He promised that he would never lie again.
It was filmed in Australia.
The movie we saw last night was filmed in Australia.
That kind of thing isn't important.
As soon as the rain stopped, the tennis match continued.
I hope to contact other Esperantists through the radio, as I'm a radio amateur. My call sign is Foxtrot-Five-November-Quebec-Whiskey.
You don't have to answer right away.
We don't need your answer right away.
You don't need to answer right away.
He agreed with me.
Today I'm working from home.
Japan is famous for its scenic beauty.
This is exactly the book that I want to read.
Let's keep thinking about the best way to get this done.
Let's start with what we were talking about yesterday.
Let's try to get this done before the end of the day.
Let's see if we can speed up the process a little.
Let's not lose any more time than we already have.
Let's hope the situation doesn't get out of hand.
Let's see if we can find out what the matter is.
Let's not discuss this in front of the children.
Let's go find a place that serves Buffalo wings.
Let's hope Tom didn't do what you think he did.
Let's hope the situation doesn't get any worse.
Let's all admit that Tom is a pretty good guy.
Let's see if we can find out where Tom went.
Let's not worry about that until we have to.
Let's have a drink and listen to some music.
Let's have a drink and discuss this further.
Let's forget about what happened last night.
Let's try to treat each other with respect.
Let's see if we can do it without any help.
Let's look at these problems one at a time.
Let's get this over with as fast as we can.
Let's do something we've never done before.
Let's see if Tom is staying at this hotel.
Let's not stay any longer than we have to.
Let's get to the library before it closes.
Let's ask Tom when he thinks he'll arrive.
Let's put this in the top dresser drawer.
Let's not waste what little time we have.
Let's just pray this never happens again.
Let's get back to Boston where we belong.
Let's not waste time talking about this.
Let's not let our imaginations run wild.
Let's not get Tom's hopes up needlessly.
Let's just stay out of each other's way.
Let's get this done and get out of here.
Let's get out of here as fast as we can.
Let's see what Tom has to say about it.
Let's see if we can solve that mystery.
Let's see if we can get this door open.
Let's see if we can cancel the meeting.
Let's just sit here a while and listen.
Let's just pray it never happens again.
Let's just keep this our little secret.
Let's go outside and look at the stars.
Let's get this done, so we can go home.
Let's find somewhere else to hide this.
Let's talk about this when I get home.
Let's see what we're up against first.
Let's see how you feel in the morning.
Let's just give it a little more time.
Let's just enjoy this peace and quiet.
Let's hope you haven't made a mistake.
Let's go get a cup of coffee and talk.
Let's get some more information first.
Let's do this before I change my mind.
Let's cross some T's and dot some I's.
Let's try something a little simpler.
Let's talk about this again tomorrow.
Let's put this behind us and move on.
Let's not talk about your job tonight.
Let's hope Tom hasn't made a mistake.
Let's go over the plan one more time.
Let's go grab a hot dog or something.
Let's find out what's going on first.
Let's concentrate on the job at hand.
Let's not talk about that right now.
Let's not jump to conclusions, okay?
Let's not do something we'll regret.
Let's just leave our suitcases here.
Let's just keep our fingers crossed.
Let's go grab a burger or something.
Let's try to speed things up, okay?
Let's stay out of each other's way.
Let's keep that in the hall closet.
Let's keep our priorities straight.
Let's hope you're wrong about this.
Let's hope it doesn't come to that.
Let's go for a ride in your new car.
Let's get a picture of us together.
Let's find someplace quiet to talk.
Let's find out who stole Tom's car.
Let's ask Tom to do something else.
Let's start with something simple.
Let's solve this problem together.
Let's see what we're dealing with.
Let's see if Tom is in his office.
Let's keep this our little secret.
Let's just say I wasn't surprised.
Let's just forget the whole thing.
Let's hope we did the right thing.
Let's hope Tom is still available.
Let's hear what you've got to say.
Let's go celebrate your promotion.
Let's give Tom a little more time.
Let's find somewhere else to hide.
Let's decorate the Christmas tree.
Let's talk about why you're here.
Let's see if Tom can handle that.
Let's put our cards on the table.
Let's not waste this opportunity.
Let's not talk about Tom tonight.
Let's not talk about money, okay?
Let's not get ahead of ourselves.
Let's hope you're wrong for once.
Let's have a water balloon fight.
Let's go before things get worse.
Let's go before I change my mind.
Let's get this meeting over with.
Let's focus on getting this done.
Let's try write a song together.
Let's talk about your childhood.
Let's talk about that right now.
Let's talk about it later, okay?
Let's take each day as it comes.
Let's take a break for a second.
Let's see what we're up against.
Let's not let that happen again.
Let's not even think about that.
Let's look on the positive side.
Let's listen to that song again.
Let's just get out of Tom's way.
Let's hope there is a next time.
Let's hope everything goes well.
Let's have a little fun with it.
Let's have a glass of champagne.
Let's go talk in the other room.
Let's go say hi to the Jacksons.
Let's get together in my office.
Let's get this show on the road.
Let's find Tom before Mary does.
Let's talk about what happened.
Let's talk about this tomorrow.
Let's talk about it over lunch.
Let's start with the good news.
Let's start from the beginning.
Let's spend some time together.
Let's sit down and have a beer.
Let's see if Tom has any ideas.
Let's not waste any more money.
Let's not allow Tom to do that.
Let's move on to another topic.
Let's leave it at that for now.
Let's keep our fingers crossed.
Let's just make the best of it.
Let's hope Tom finds something.
Let's hope Tom doesn't walk in.
Let's hope Tom behaves himself.
Let's hook up later for a beer.
Let's hear what Tom has to say.
Let's go over it one more time.
Let's go grab a bite somewhere.
Let's go back to the beginning.
Let's give Tom some more time.
Let's get to the train station.
Let's get this meeting started.
Let's find out who stabbed Tom.
Let's find out where Tom lives.
Let's find out what Tom thinks.
Let's figure this out together.
Let's think about it together.
Let's talk about your problem.
Let's talk about the Jacksons.
Let's stop by the post office.
Let's see what we can find out.
Let's see if we can get lucky.
Let's not waste any more time.
Let's not jump to conclusions.
Let's not even think about it.
Let's meet Tom at the station.
Let's keep that in the garage.
Let's just get this over with.
Let's hope we're not too late.
Let's go see how Tom is doing.
Let's go out and have a party.
Let's go get a Christmas tree.
Let's get ourselves organized.
Let's forget about last night.
Let's find out who killed Tom.
Let's find out what Tom wants.
Let's find out more about Tom.
Let's clear this up right now.
Let's call a press conference.
Let's talk about your school.
Let's talk about the problem.
Let's stay home and watch TV.
Let's start with the obvious.
Let's see what Tom does next.
Let's put this near the door.
Let's put this in the corner.
Let's put this in the closet.
Let's not use our real names.
Let's not get Tom's hopes up.
Let's leave it till tomorrow.
Let's just go somewhere else.
Let's just admit we're wrong.
Let's hope you don't need it.
Let's hope it stays that way.
Let's give Tom a little time.
Let's get this thing working.
Let's get the party rolling.
Let's get it right this time.
Let's finish what we started.
Let's do this again sometime.
Let's discuss it over dinner.
Let's check Tom's background.
Let's be candid for a moment.
Let's at least talk about it.
Let's ask Tom what he thinks.
Let's ask Tom something else.
Let's try to make Tom laugh.
Let's talk about basketball.
Let's take care of business.
Let's start the meeting now.
Let's see what Tom is up to.
Let's see if Tom is at home.
Let's put this in the trunk.
Let's not waste this chance.
Let's not talk about it now.
Let's not do that right now.
Let's make the best of this.
Let's just sit here quietly.
Let's just not talk anymore.
Let's just leave it at that.
Let's just get it over with.
Let's just get back to work.
Let's hope Tom doesn't come.
Let's give Tom some privacy.
Let's get back to the party.
Let's find out where Tom is.
Let's do something together.
Let's be ready for anything.
Let's be logical about this.
Let's walk a little faster.
Let's try to get this done.
Let's try another approach.
Let's talk about happiness.
Let's stop by the hospital.
Let's start with this wine.
Let's split up into groups.
Let's split the difference.
Let's see what we can find.
Let's see what Tom left us.
Let's see what happens now.
Let's see how Tom is doing.
Let's put this in the safe.
Let's play this game again.
Let's not keep Tom waiting.
Let's not get carried away.
Let's never be apart again.
Let's look into the matter.
Let's keep this between us.
Let's just go to my office.
Let's just get out of here.
Let's just forget about it.
Let's join the celebration.
Let's have dinner together.
Let's go upstairs and talk.
Let's go somewhere private.
Let's go see for ourselves.
Let's go in the other room.
Let's go find the Jacksons.
Let's get Tom out of there.
Let's get out of this rain.
Let's get out of the storm.
Let's get out of here, Tom.
Let's get it all over with.
Let's get a second opinion.
Let's do this another time.
Let's check with an expert.
Let's bake a birthday cake.
Let's allow Tom to do that.
Let's talk about your job.
Let's take a look at that.
Let's see what's in there.
Let's see what you've got.
Let's see what Tom can do.
Let's not waste our money.
Let's not wait any longer.
Let's not panic over this.
Let's not get greedy here.
Let's not do that anymore.
Let's make a break for it.
Let's just think about it.
Let's just get rid of Tom.
Let's just get on with it.
Let's hope Tom isn't dead.
Let's hope it still works.
Let's have a pillow fight.
Let's go to the Jacksons'.
Let's go through it again.
Let's go outside and talk.
Let's give Tom some space.
Let's give it a shot, Tom.
Let's get Tom out of here.
Let's get rid of that one.
Let's get out of here now.
Let's get a cup of coffee.
Let's eat out next Sunday.
Let's do it one more time.
Let's check one more time.
Let's try something else.
Let's take a quick break.
Let's take a look around.
Let's take a little walk.
Let's take a closer look.
Let's see what we can do.
Let's see what this does.
Let's see how this works.
Let's play truth or dare.
Let's play some football.
Let's play hide and seek.
Let's not worry about it.
Let's not waste our time.
Let's not try that again.
Let's not get distracted.
Let's not forget it, Tom.
Let's not discourage Tom.
Let's look under the bed.
Let's look in the garage.
Let's look in the closet.
Let's leave the building.
Let's leave it up to Tom.
Let's keep an eye on Tom.
Let's just hope it works.
Let's just have some fun.
Let's just get this done.
Let's just call it a day.
Let's hope we get a break.
Let's hope Tom was right.
Let's hope that's enough.
Let's have a look inside.
Let's have a bite to eat.
Let's go to Tom's office.
Let's go to the hospital.
Let's go somewhere quiet.
Let's go out for a drink.
Let's go inside and talk.
Let's go down the street.
Let's go and investigate.
Let's get you to a chair.
Let's get ready to leave.
Let's get out of the car.
Let's do something crazy.
Let's do it after school.
Let's do dinner tomorrow.
Let's discuss this later.
Let's barricade the door.
Let's all just calm down.
Let's wait until Monday.
Let's try and stay calm.
Let's talk in my office.
Let's talk about Boston.
Let's take another trip.
Let's stop wasting time.
Let's stay here forever.
Let's sit down and talk.
Let's see if that works.
Let's play another game.
Let's not wait too long.
Let's not talk about it.
Let's not point fingers.
Let's not kid ourselves.
Let's not get into that.
Let's not get emotional.
Let's keep this private.
Let's just try it again.
Let's hope you're right.
Let's hope Tom is smart.
Let's hope Tom is right.
Let's hear your opinion.
Let's go to your office.
Let's go to the kitchen.
Let's go to the factory.
Let's go to the bar now.
Let's go the extra mile.
Let's go somewhere, Tom.
Let's go out for a walk.
Let's go into my office.
Let's go back to Boston.
Let's give Tom a minute.
Let's get started, OK?
Let's get some pictures.
Let's get out of Boston.
Let's get a closer look.
Let's find out for sure.
Let's do this carefully.
Let's do something else.
Let's all stay in touch.
Let's watch that again.
Let's try to stay calm.
Let's talk about death.
Let's stretch our legs.
Let's set up a meeting.
Let's see how you feel.
Let's say you're right.
Let's play that by ear.
Let's play a word game.
Let's not do this, Tom.
Let's move the dresser.
Let's meet for a drink.
Let's make that happen.
Let's just keep moving.
Let's just go to sleep.
Let's just go find Tom.
Let's just get to work.
Let's just get it done.
Let's hope Tom is home.
Let's hope it's enough.
Let's hear your excuse.
Let's have a bake sale.
Let's greet our guests.
Let's grab some coffee.
Let's go watch a movie.
Let's go over it again.
Let's go one at a time.
Let's go grab a burger.
Let's go get some food.
Let's go and say hello.
Let's get to the point.
Let's get in the truck.
Let's forget about Tom.
Let's finish this, Tom.
Let's do what Tom says.
Let's do this together.
Let's cut to the chase.
Let's try another one.
Let's talk about work.
Let's talk about this.
Let's talk about that.
Let's stop for coffee.
Let's start with this.
Let's start with that.
Let's settle this now.
Let's see you do that.
Let's play a new game.
Let's pay Tom a visit.
Let's offer it to Tom.
Let's not go to class.
Let's not get excited.
Let's not do this now.
Let's make this short.
Let's make this quick.
Let's make this brief.
Let's keep it private.
Let's just sing songs.
Let's have Tom decide.
Let's go to the party.
Let's go home, please.
Let's go get a burger.
Let's go check on Tom.
Let's go and find Tom.
Let's give Tom a hand.
Let's give it a whirl.
Let's get some dinner.
Let's get some coffee.
Let's get another one.
Let's figure this out.
Let's enjoy ourselves.
Let's do that instead.
Let's do it right now.
Let's clear this area.
Let's call it a night.
Let's buy Tom a drink.
Let's break for lunch.
Let's think about it.
Let's talk about Tom.
Let's see what it is.
Let's play hopscotch.
Let's not exaggerate.
Let's not discuss it.
Let's move the table.
Let's let Tom decide.
Let's leave the room.
Let's just stay here.
Let's just stay calm.
Let's just slow down.
Let's just meet here.
Let's just go to bed.
Let's just go inside.
Let's just calm down.
Let's hear your plan.
Let's have some cake.
Let's have breakfast.
Let's go wake Tom up.
Let's go to my house.
Let's go take a look.
Let's go see Tom now.
Let's go look around.
Let's go have a beer.
Let's go get a drink.
Let's go for a drive.
Let's go back to Tom.
Let's go back inside.
Let's go and ask Tom.
Let's give it to Tom.
Let's give it a shot.
Let's get Tom to bed.
Let's get this moved.
Let's get the others.
Let's get some lunch.
Let's get on with it.
Let's get in the car.
Let's get a doughnut.
Let's do it your way.
Let's do it this way.
Let's check with Tom.
Let's work together.
Let's watch a movie.
Let's talk about it.
Let's take it to Tom.
Let's take it apart.
Let's take a survey.
Let's take a detour.
Let's stop a minute.
Let's stay in touch.
Let's start tonight.
Let's start at 2:30.
Let's split a salad.
Let's open the wine.
Let's not ruin this.
Let's not overreact.
Let's not overdo it.
Let's not open this.
Let's not get crazy.
Let's not get cocky.
Let's not forget it.
Let's move the sofa.
Let's mop the floor.
Let's look upstairs.
Let's let Tom do it.
Let's keep it civil.
Let's just end this.
Let's just eat here.
Let's go get wasted.
Let's go get a beer.
Let's go for a walk.
Let's go for a swim.
Let's go for a ride.
Let's get your coat.
Let's get this done.
Let's get some help.
Let's get some food.
Let's get it inside.
Let's finish it now.
Let's end this fast.
Let's do this right.
Let's do this first.
Let's do it tonight.
Let's do it for Tom.
Let's call for help.
Let's be on our way.
Let's wait and see.
Let's use this one.
Let's use this car.
Let's try it again.
Let's take a drive.
Let's switch sides.
Let's step outside.
Let's not squabble.
Let's not spoil it.
Let's not go there.
Let's not be hasty.
Let's move the bed.
Let's look into it.
Let's keep looking.
Let's just say yes.
Let's just go home.
Let's just go away.
Let's just drop it.
Let's have a drink.
Let's go to dinner.
Let's go to Boston.
Let's go somewhere.
Let's go home, Tom.
Let's go get lunch.
Let's give it a go.
Let's get you home.
Let's get Tom back.
Let's get that one.
Let's get prepared.
Let's double check.
Let's do it my way.
Let's check it out.
Let's be realistic.
Let's talk to Tom.
Let's step inside.
Let's start again.
Let's settle down.
Let's pick Tom up.
Let's not rush it.
Let's not ruin it.
Let's not push it.
Let's not hide it.
Let's not go home.
Let's not do this.
Let's not do that.
Let's make a pact.
Let's make a deal.
Let's keep moving.
Let's just listen.
Let's hustle, Tom.
Let's hurry it up.
Let's have a beer.
Let's go upstairs.
Let's go to Tom's.
Let's go to sleep.
Let's go tell Tom.
Let's go sledding.
Let's go shopping.
Let's go meet Tom.
Let's go in there.
Let's go find out.
Let's get to work.
Let's get serious.
Let's get it done.
Let's finish this.
Let's concentrate.
Let's begin again.
Let's try it out.
Let's talk later.
Let's start over.
Let's start here.
Let's skip class.
Let's set a date.
Let's play poker.
Let's play house.
Let's play darts.
Let's play chess.
Let's open it up.
Let's move along.
Let's keep going.
Let's keep at it.
Let's just say no.
Let's just relax.
Let's just leave.
Let's hold hands.
Let's go outside.
Let's go in here.
Let's go camping.
Let's go back in.
Let's go ask Tom.
Let's go and see.
Let's get coffee.
Let's get a beer.
Let's follow Tom.
Let's face facts.
Let's compromise.
Let's be careful.
Let's visit Tom.
Let's thank Tom.
Let's stay calm.
Let's not panic.
Let's not gloat.
Let's not fight.
Let's not argue.
Let's negotiate.
Let's make sure.
Let's live here.
Let's just talk.
Let's improvise.
Let's go listen.
Let's go inside.
Let's get ready.
Let's get crazy.
Let's finish up.
Let's do it now.
Let's ditch Tom.
Let's celebrate.
Let's calm down.
Let's be candid.
Let's try this.
Let's try that.
Let's sit down.
Let's practice.
Let's just eat.
Let's head out.
Let's have fun.
Let's go again.
Let's get wild.
Let's fix this.
Let's fire Tom.
Let's find Tom.
Let's enjoy it.
Let's eat here.
Let's continue.
Let's check it.
Let's call Tom.
Let's be smart.
Let's be quiet.
Let's be frank.
Let's be clear.
Let's be brave.
Let's sue Tom.
Let's push on.
Let's proceed.
Let's move on.
Let's keep it.
Let's go down.
Let's go back.
Let's get out.
Let's get one.
Let's drop it.
Let's do that.
Let's do more.
Let's be safe.
Let's be fair.
Let's ask Tom.
Let's not go.
Let's go out.
Let's start.
Let's relax.
Let's party.
Let's leave.
Let's hurry.
Let's go in.
Let's work.
Let's walk.
Let's talk.
Let's swim.
Let's quit.
Let's kiss.
Let's chat.
His opinion is worthless.
Don't use harsh language.
Look at me and do what I do.
The disco is empty.
The bread arrived; the basket can be thrown away.
You make me want to throw up!
I got here last night.
He's pretty bad at tennis.
She breathed deeply.
If you look, you'll notice that he's turning left.
What did he see?
Here's an optical illusion: you think you are looking at a cube, but in fact you are looking at the screen.
Here's an optical illusion: you think you are looking at a cube, while in fact you are looking at the screen.
Here's an optical illusion: you think you are looking at a cube, while in fact you are looking at your monitor.
Don't tell me that.
Let's get in the house.
They were so playful.
The film considers real social issues.
It's not an easy question.
There were a lot of writings about homosexuality.
It's a story based on a real event.
They deal with Muslims.
Later, his shop becomes a club with young dancers.
He's a butcher.
Charles is a British customer.
He falls in love with Aiesha.
She wrote this novel after a long research.
Pepsi is a transvestite.
"All the President's Men" is my favorite movie.
One way to lower the number of errors in the Tatoeba Corpus would be to encourage people to only translate into their native languages.
One way to lower the number of errors in the Tatoeba Corpus would be to encourage people to only translate into their native languages instead of vice versa.
The police went over every inch of this place.
It's time to take the pie out of the oven.
They must have found out who I was.
Everyone who's anyone will be there.
Everybody who's anybody will be there.
That's exactly what I hoped wouldn't happen.
It's getting hotter.
It's getting colder.
I know she's hiding something from me.
I know he's hiding something from me.
I know they're hiding something from me.
I know you're hiding something from me.
I know Tom is hiding something from me.
He overdosed on heroin.
He was left behind.
She was left behind.
They were left behind.
We were left behind.
The girls were left behind.
I got left behind.
Was Tom left behind?
No one's getting left behind.
I just don't like getting left behind.
Do I remind you of the one of the guys you left behind?
When the military pulled out, many injured people were left behind.
If I didn't know any better, I'd say you were hiding something.
Why would anyone hide something like that inside this cave?
I know Tom's hiding something, but I don't know what.
I can usually tell when someone is hiding something.
The best place to hide something is in plain sight.
I just have a gut feeling Tom is hiding something.
How do you know Tom wasn't hiding something?
What makes you think I'm hiding something?
Tom's hiding something, and Mary knows it.
Tom was hiding something behind his back.
I still think Tom is hiding something.
Tom is hiding something from me, too.
Tom knows Mary is hiding something.
Tom is clearly hiding something.
I think Tom is hiding something.
Maybe Tom was hiding something.
I know you're hiding something.
Tom must be hiding something.
Tom's hiding something, too.
Tom was hiding something.
You're hiding something.
Is he passing stones?
Is she passing kidney stones in her urine?
You'd best set some money aside for your wedding.
This purse is strawberry.
It's not very windy today.
That was an interesting day.
Our business is your perfect satisfaction.
We hope to improve with time.
If your books have not come, take ours.
We had better tell her beforehand, so we can calm her down.
That girl wants a good slap!
I don't care to see more than one bottle of prosecco a year.
He is up to date.
Mushrooms contain significant amounts of minerals.
He has always understood our problems right away.
This book is unique in many ways.
We are taking advantage of it to attract notice.
Say: the truth from the Lord of you all. Then whosoever will, let him believe, and whosoever will, let him disbelieve.
Quit hassling me.
He received cheers and applause.
He obviously lied.
The capacity to produce novel utterances is an attribute of every natural language.
She is Ethiopian.
We try our best.
We tried our best.
I tried my best, but I still lost the race.
She isn't there.
He isn't young.
She isn't young.
She is not young.
He's very fast.
She is very fast.
She's very fast.
A high proportion of crime in any country is perpetrated by young males in their teens and twenties.
Research in this area is somewhat equivocal.
Your wry insolence will not be rewarded.
Do you think that any really smart person is inherently interested in languages?
Young people must respect the law.
This is my last review.
This is my latest review.
The current socioeconomic system is made-up.
Your banking "product" is a matrix full of arbitrary formulae.
His skin was warm.
Everybody is a slave to the current socioeconomic system that was invented through the years by unintelligent people.
His dream is over.
The king's subjects rallied around him in his hour of need.
You shouldn't pop your bubble gum in class.
Can't a woman have a dream?
Do you like to cook?
How should it work?
I love that film.
He ran a hand through his habitually rumpled hair, stretching his neck until it cracked.
This is the part I hate the most.
From this point, we'll go on by car.
From this point, we'll go on foot.
From this point, we must proceed with caution.
You can't always do what you want.
We're waiting for his return.
Tom can't just do anything he wants.
Lie on the examining table.
Tom can't just do whatever he wants.
Tom isn't allowed to do just anything he wants.
I read a letter.
I love my mom.
Tom has lost the will to live.
Could you please tell me how to do that?
Please tell me how to do that.
Would you please tell me how to do that?
I want kids.
I want Mary.
I want that.
I want them.
I want this.
We want Tom.
I want a job.
I want facts.
I want to run.
Who wants it?
I want a pony.
I want a pool.
I want to die.
I want to try.
I want to win.
I wanted this.
We want candy.
We want peace.
We wanted Tom.
We wanted you.
Who wants tea?
You want this?
Do you want it?
I want a chair.
I want a donut.
I want details.
I want to play.
I want to rest.
I want to talk.
I want to walk.
I want to work.
I wanted to go.
Tom wants this.
Who wants that?
Who wants this?
I want a doctor.
I want a dollar.
I want children.
I want my money.
I want my stuff.
I want one, too.
I want to do it.
I want to watch.
I want Tom here.
I want you back.
I want you, Tom.
I wanted to die.
I wanted to pay.
I'd like a beer.
I'd like to try.
They want peace.
Tom wanted Mary.
Tom wanted more.
Tom wanted this.
Tom wants money.
Tom wants to go.
We both want it.
We want to help.
We want to know.
We want to talk.
We want to vote.
Who wants jello?
Who wants to go?
Do you want that?
Do you want this?
I didn't want it.
I don't want one.
I don't want tea.
I want a hot dog.
I want a martini.
I want a rematch.
I want that book.
I want to retire.
I want Tom fired.
I want us to win.
I wanted to come.
I'd like a salad.
I'd like a shave.
Tom wanted a job.
Tom wanted money.
Tom wants a bath.
Tom wants a pony.
Tom wants advice.
Tom wants it now.
Tom wants to die.
Tom wants to run.
We don't want it.
We only want you.
We want to leave.
We want you here.
Did you want this?
Do you want a cab?
Do you want these?
I don't want that.
I don't want them.
I want an apology.
I want my freedom.
I want to be free.
I want to be safe.
I want to be sure.
I want to confess.
I want to do this.
I want Tom killed.
I want Tom to win.
I want you to die.
I wanted sympathy.
I wanted to fight.
They want to help.
They want to talk.
This is something I want to do.
Tom doesn't want us.
Tom wanted to die.
Tom wants a fight.
Tom wants dessert.
Tom wants revenge.
Tom wants to live.
Tom wants to talk.
Tom wants to work.
Tom wants us dead.
We want a rematch.
We want our money.
We wanted to wait.
Who wants a drink?
Who wants cookies?
Who wants to know?
Do you want a beer?
Do you want a pony?
Do you want to see?
Does Tom want this?
I didn't want this.
I just want to die.
I want a challenge.
I want a new dress.
I want an attorney.
I want many things.
I want my job back.
I want my key back.
I want to be alone.
I want to be heard.
I want to enjoy it.
I want to find Tom.
I want to go there.
I want to help Tom.
I want to help you.
I want to hire Tom.
I want to hire you.
I want to hold Tom.
I want to keep one.
I want to kill Tom.
I want to kiss Tom.
I want to know now.
I want to know how.
I want to know why.
I want to see more.
I want to see this.
I want to talk now.
I want to tell Tom.
I want to tell you.
I want to warn Tom.
I want to warn you.
I want Tom to live.
I want Tom to stop.
I want what's mine.
I want you to come.
I want you to help.
I want you to stay.
I want you to talk.
Nobody wants a war.
They don't want it.
They don't want us.
They only want Tom.
They still want it.
Tom didn't want it.
Tom wanted to come.
Tom wanted to stay.
Tom wants a lawyer.
Tom wants our help.
Tom wants to do it.
Tom wants to learn.
Tom wants to speak.
Tom wants to trade.
Tom wants to watch.
Tom wants you back.
We don't want that.
We want more money.
We want to go home.
We want to hear it.
We want to see Tom.
We want to take it.
When do we want it?
Who wants this one?
Who wants to fight?
Who wants to party?
Why do you want it?
Do you want a salad?
Do you want my help?
Do you want to come?
Do you want to help?
Do you want to know?
Do you want to play?
Do you want to quit?
Do you want to race?
Do you want to read?
Do you want to stay?
Do you want to talk?
Do you want to vote?
Do you want to wait?
Everybody wants Tom.
Give me what I want.
I didn't want to go.
I don't want cereal.
I don't want credit.
I don't want it now.
I don't want to die.
I just want to know.
I just want to read.
I really want to go.
I want a girlfriend.
I want my life back.
I want to do my job.
I want to hear more.
I want to hear this.
I want to keep that.
I want to learn how.
I want to negotiate.
I want to play, too.
I want to speak now.
I want to start now.
I want to thank Tom.
I want to thank you.
I want to trust you.
I want to work here.
I want Tom arrested.
I want Tom to leave.
I want you home now.
I want you to guess.
I want you to leave.
I want you to relax.
I want your respect.
I wanted to be free.
I wanted to be here.
I wanted to do this.
I wanted to see Tom.
I wanted to see you.
I wanted to wash up.
I wanted you to win.
I'd like your input.
Tom didn't want one.
Tom doesn't want it.
Tom wants you to eat.
Tom wants to escape.
Tom wants to see me.
Tom wants to see us.
Tom wants you badly.
Tom wants you fired.
We want to help Tom.
We want to help you.
We want to hire you.
We want to know why.
We want to meet Tom.
We want you to stop.
We wanted to listen.
When do you want it?
Who wants to see me?
Who wants us killed?
Why did Tom want it?
Why do they want me?
Why do you want Tom?
You don't want that.
You don't want this.
You might want this.
Do you want a doctor?
Do you want a lawyer?
Do you want me to go?
Do you want to leave?
I didn't want to die.
I didn't want to pry.
I do want to open it.
I do want to see you.
I don't want a drink.
I don't want charity.
I don't want to do that.
I don't want to fail.
I don't want to look.
I don't want to lose.
I don't want to play.
I don't want to rest.
I don't want trouble.
I just want you back.
I still want to know.
I want a distraction.
I want my shirt back.
I want the other one.
I want them all shot.
I want to be careful.
I want to be invited.
I want to be noticed.
I want to see a show.
I want to start over.
I want to stay alive.
I want to take notes.
I want to watch this.
I want Tom beaten up.
I want what you want.
I want you back here.
I want you to listen.
I want you to try it.
I want your analysis.
I wanted to be alone.
I wanted to be there.
I wanted to help you.
I wanted to hurt Tom.
I wanted to kill Tom.
I wanted to love Tom.
I wanted to remember.
I wanted to save Tom.
I wanted to stop Tom.
I wanted to warn you.
I wanted to warn Tom.
I wanted Tom to come.
I wanted you so much.
I wanted you to come.
I wanted you to know.
I wanted Tom to stay.
I wanted Tom to stop.
I'd like some coffee.
I'd like to think so.
I'd like Tom to rest.
I'd like you to stop.
None of us want that.
They want to go home.
They want to help us.
They want to hurt me.
Tom didn't want that.
Tom doesn't want you.
Tom still wants Mary.
Tom wanted a Porsche.
Tom wanted Mary dead.
Tom wanted to see me.
Tom wants a sandwich.
Tom wants to kill us.
Tom wants to sell it.
Tom wants to stop us.
Tom wants to take it.
Tom wants us to talk.
We don't want to die.
We just want to talk.
We want to be strong.
We want to make sure.
We want to negotiate.
We want what we want.
What do you want to know?
Where do you want it?
Where do you want me?
Who wants more bacon?
Who wants to go next?
Did you want a cookie?
Do you want me to continue?
Do you want breakfast?
Do you want it or not?
Do you want some help?
Do you want some soup?
Do you want this back?
Do you want to buy it?
Does Tom want to come?
Don't you want to win?
I didn't want the job.
I didn't want to know.
I don't want any help.
I don't want any wine.
I don't want sympathy.
I don't want to fight.
I don't want to shoot.
I don't want to shout.
I don't want Tom here.
I don't want visitors.
I don't want you here.
I don't want your job.
I just want the truth.
I just wanted to talk.
I really want to stay.
I still want to fight.
I want a steak dinner.
I want a third choice.
I want an explanation.
I want another chance.
I want my family back.
I want to be involved.
I want to be near you.
I want to be pampered.
I want to be with Tom.
I want to be with you.
I want to do it again.
I want to do it right.
I want to get married.
I want to go home now.
I want to go swimming.
I want to go to sleep.
I want to go with Tom.
I want to keep moving.
I want to leave today.
I want to protect Tom.
I want to see Tom now.
I want to try that on.
I want Tom on my team.
I want Tom to go home.
I want Tom to help us.
I want you back today.
I want you to be safe.
I want you to do this.
I want you to drop it.
I want you to go back.
I want you to go home.
I want you to grow up.
I want you to have it.
I want you to help me.
I want you to join us.
I want you to take it.
I wanted to thank you.
I'd like some privacy.
I'd like to go inside.
I'd like to hear that.
I'd like to kiss Mary.
I'd like you to leave.
I'd like your opinion.
They want to meet you.
They want us to do it.
Tom doesn't want that.
Tom doesn't want them.
Tom doesn't want this.
Tom wanted more space.
Tom wanted to be sure.
Tom wanted to see you.
Tom wanted to sell it.
Tom wants me to do it.
Tom wants to blame us.
Tom wants to help out.
Tom wants to marry me.
Tom wants to meet you.
Tom wants to see Mary.
Tom wants us to leave.
We don't want to know.
We just want Tom back.
We still want to help.
What do you want here?
What do you want next?
What do you want, Tom?
Who wants more coffee?
Who wants to kill you?
Who'd want to kill me?
Who would want to kill me?
Why do you want to go?
Why would I want that?
Why would you want it?
Did you want something?
Do you want to come inside?
Do you guys want these?
Do you still want this?
Do you want a cocktail?
Do you want me to quit?
Do you want me to stay?
Do you want me to stop?
Do you want me to wait?
Do you want some candy?
Do you want to be here?
Do you want to give up?
Do you want to hear it?
Do you want to help me?
Do you want to join us?
Do you want to keep it?
Do you want to kiss me?
Do you want to risk it?
Do you want to see Tom?
Do you want us to wait?
Don't you want to help?
I didn't want anything.
I didn't want that job.
I didn't want to do it.
I don't want a divorce.
I don't want any beans.
I don't want to buy it.
I don't want to forget.
I don't want to impose.
I don't want to see it.
I don't want you to go.
I don't want your gold.
I don't want your help.
I just want a vacation.
I just want to be free.
I just want to be safe.
I just want to be sure.
I just want to see Tom.
I know why you want it.
I want a direct answer.
I want a status report.
I want a word with you.
I want this one myself.
I want this to be over.
I want to believe that.
I want to buy them all.
I want to cook for you.
I want to go into town.
I want to go right now.
I want to go to Boston.
I want to hear who won.
I want to speak to Tom.
I want to stay outside.
I want to wait for Tom.
I want Tom behind bars.
I want Tom to like you.
I want Tom to see this.
I want you out of here.
I want you to be quiet.
I want you to call Tom.
I want you to find Tom.
I want you to go there.
I want you to have fun.
I want you to lie down.
I want you to like Tom.
I want you to marry me.
I want you to see this.
I want you to sit down.
I want you to stand up.
I want you with me now.
I wanted to let Tom go.
I wanted to say thanks.
I wanted Tom to suffer.
I wanted you to see it.
I wanted you to see me.
I'd like you to see it.
It's what I want to do.
Mary wanted a pedicure.
They don't want to die.
They wanted an apology.
Tom doesn't want to eat.
Tom doesn't want to go.
Tom got what he wanted.
Tom may not want to go.
Tom wanted to say more.
Tom wanted you to know.
Tom wants to disappear.
Tom wants to kill Mary.
Tom wants to kiss Mary.
Tom wants to meet Mary.
Tom wants to stay here.
Tom wants to stop Mary.
Tom won't want to wait.
Tom wouldn't want that.
Tom wouldn't want this.
We all want to go home.
We do anything we want.
We don't want this one.
We don't want you here.
We want our money back.
We want the same thing.
We want Tom to say yes.
We want you to help us.
We want you to join us.
We want you to take it.
Where do you want this?
Who wants French toast?
Who'd want to hire Tom?
Who would want to hire Tom?
Who'd want to kill Tom?
Who would want to kill Tom?
Why does Tom want this?
Wouldn't you want that?
You want me to come in?
Did you want to come in?
Did you want to join us?
Do you really want this?
Do you still want these?
Do you still want to go?
Do you want some coffee?
Do you want this guitar?
Do you want this or not?
Do you want to go there?
Do you want to know why?
Do you want to see this?
Do you want to stop Tom?
Do you want to tell Tom?
Do you want Tom to stay?
Do you want Tom to wait?
Does anybody want these?
Does Tom want to see me?
Don't you want a cookie?
Eat as much as you want.
How could you want that?
I don't want any coffee.
I don't want to be here.
I don't want to be shot.
I don't want to do this.
I don't want to go back.
I don't want to go home.
I don't want to see Tom.
I don't want to see you.
I don't want to sue Tom.
I don't want Tom to die.
I don't want you to die.
I don't want your money.
I don't want your stuff.
I just want to be clear.
I just want to be ready.
I just want to find Tom.
I just want to help Tom.
I just want to help you.
I just want to know why.
I know Tom will want it.
I know you want to help.
I sure don't want to go.
I want a little brother.
I want a pair of gloves.
I want a second opinion.
I want an honest answer.
I want more information.
I want something better.
I want this room sealed.
I want this to be yours.
I want to be around you.
I want to be left alone.
I want to check out now.
I want to do a good job.
I want to do it for you.
I want to do it tonight.
I want to do this alone.
I want to do this right.
I want to give Tom this.
I want to hear from Tom.
I want to hear from you.
I want to hear it again.
I want to help if I can.
I want to help you, Tom.
I want to join the army.
I want to make it right.
I want to press charges.
I want to say I'm sorry.
I want to say one thing.
I want to see the world.
I want to see Tom first.
I want to see you first.
I want to stay with Tom.
I want to stay with you.
I want to take it apart.
I want to take Tom home.
I want to talk with Tom.
I want to talk with you.
I want to wash my hands.
I want to wash up first.
I want Tom on the phone.
I want Tom to apologize.
I want Tom to have this.
I want Tom to know that.
I want Tom to read this.
I want Tom to see these.
I want Tom to sign this.
I want you to come back.
I want you to come home.
I want you to have this.
I want you to hear this.
I want you to know that.
I want you to leave now.
I want you to lie still.
I want you to stay here.
I wanted to be with you.
I wanted to protect you.
I wanted to say goodbye.
I wanted to talk to you.
I wanted us to be happy.
I wanted you to have it.
I wanted you to like me.
I'd like an explanation.
I'd like that very much.
I'd like to make amends.
I'd like to say goodbye.
I'd like you to have it.
I'd like you to join us.
That's all I want to do.
Tom didn't want the job.
Tom doesn't want to die.
Tom has to want to stay.
Tom just wanted to talk.
Tom wanted Mary to help.
Tom wanted Mary to know.
Tom wanted Mary to stay.
Tom wanted to punish me.
Tom wanted to thank you.
Tom wanted us to attack.
Tom wanted us to see it.
Tom wants to be like me.
Tom wants to go job hunting.
Tom wants to protect me.
Tom wants to talk to me.
Tom wants to wear jeans.
Tom would want us to go.
We just want to go home.
We sure don't want that.
We want to see the king.
We want you to be happy.
We want you to have fun.
What we want is freedom.
Who wants to go hunting?
Who wants to talk to me?
Who would want Tom dead?
Why do you want to know?
Why would you want that?
You'll want to see this.
I don't want to wait.
I wanted to help Tom.
I'd like you to stay.
I want you to find out.
I want you to trust me.
Tom wants to let it go.
Who'd want to hurt Tom?
Who would want to hurt Tom?
I want Tom gone by noon.
All we want to do is eat.
Did you want to sit down?
Do you think I want this?
Do you want a calculator?
Do you want me to go now?
Do you want some aspirin?
Do you want some chicken?
Do you want some company?
Do you want to join them?
Do you want to leave now?
Do you want to risk that?
Do you want to sell them?
Do you want to stay here?
Do you want to take over?
Do you want to take that?
Do you want to try again?
Do you want to try it on?
Does anybody want a beer?
Everyone wants something.
Here's what I want to do.
I didn't want to be seen.
I didn't want to do that.
I didn't want to intrude.
I didn't want Tom to die.
I don't want any hassles.
I don't want any popcorn.
I don't want the surgery.
I don't want their money.
I don't want to be alone.
I don't want to bore you.
I don't want to die here.
I don't want to get sick.
I don't want to go there.
I don't want to hurt Tom.
I don't want to lie down.
I don't want to lose Tom.
I don't want to lose you.
I don't want to see that.
I don't want to tell you.
I don't want you anymore.
I don't want you to lose.
I don't want you to quit.
I don't want you with me.
I just don't want to die.
I just want my life back.
I just want to thank you.
I just want you to be OK.
I just wanted to see you.
I think you'll want this.
I want my money back now.
I want this room cleaned.
I want to be your friend.
I want to bring Tom here.
I want to buy some shoes.
I want to go talk to Tom.
I want to join your team.
I want to know about Tom.
I want to know about you.
I want to know the truth.
I want to make you happy.
I want to see everything.
I want to see for myself.
I want to see Tom so bad.
I want to speak with Tom.
I want to start a family.
I want to thank you, Tom.
I want to understand Tom.
I want Tom put in prison.
I want Tom to look at me.
I want Tom to respect me.
I want us to be a family.
I want us to be together.
I want you all to myself.
I want you to be with me.
I want you to follow Tom.
I want you to go with me.
I want you to stand here.
I want you to take these.
I want you to talk to me.
I want your help on this.
I want your legal advice.
I wanted to surprise you.
I wanted Tom to be happy.
I'd like a hat like that.
I'd like my hair trimmed.
I'd like my old job back.
I'd like to question Tom.
I'd like Tom to be happy.
I'd like you to be there.
I'd like you to meet Tom.
I'd like you to see this.
I'm not sure I want that.
Isn't that what you want?
People want to feel safe.
Say what you want to say.
Tom didn't want anything.
Tom didn't want to do it.
Tom didn't want to leave.
Tom doesn't want a party.
Tom doesn't want my help.
Tom doesn't want to come.
Tom doesn't want to look.
Tom doesn't want to move.
Tom has what we all want.
Tom may not want to stay.
Tom wanted a fresh start.
Tom wanted Mary to leave.
Tom wants Mary's opinion.
Tom wants me on his team.
Tom wants to make a deal.
Tom wants to ride a bull.
Tom wants to see his son.
Tom wants to sleep on it.
Tom wants you right away.
Tom wants you to have it.
We don't want to be late.
We don't want to do that.
We don't want to do this.
We just want to help you.
We only want to help you.
We want to be reasonable.
We want to talk with you.
We want Tom at our table.
We want you to marry Tom.
What did you want to say?
What do you want from us?
What do you want with me?
What do you want with us?
What I want is a divorce.
Why don't you want to go?
Why would you want to go?
Why wouldn't you want it?
You can do what you want.
All I want is what's mine.
All I want to know is why.
Do you want any help, Tom?
Do you want anything else?
Do you want me to ask Tom?
Do you want some pancakes?
Do you want these tickets?
Do you want to go to jail?
Does anybody want a pizza?
Does Tom want this or not?
Don't you want to keep it?
Don't you want to kiss me?
Don't you want to move on?
Here, you might want this.
How badly do they want it?
I didn't want to hurt you.
I didn't want to kill Tom.
I didn't want to wake you.
I didn't want to waste it.
I didn't want you to know.
I don't even want to know.
I don't want any crackers.
I don't want any pancakes.
I don't want any problems.
I don't want distractions.
I don't want to be killed.
I don't want to die alone.
I don't want to fight you.
I don't want to forget it.
I don't want to hear that.
I don't want to hear this.
I don't want to leave Tom.
I don't want to leave you.
I don't want to marry Tom.
I don't want to overreact.
I don't want to shoot you.
I don't want to sign that.
I don't want to stay here.
I don't want to upset you.
I don't want Tom to leave.
I don't want you involved.
I don't want you to leave.
I don't want you to panic.
I don't want you to worry.
I don't want your charity.
I don't want your opinion.
I just want to find a cab.
I just want to watch this.
I just want you to listen.
I really want to help you.
I really want to meet Tom.
I want a few more minutes.
I want it to be a success.
I want my dollars back.
I want my kids to be safe.
I want new business cards.
I want the truth from you.
I want to ask you a favor.
I want to be here for Tom.
I want to be your husband.
I want to buy my car back.
I want to buy you a drink.
I want to check something.
I want to dance with Mary.
I want to figure this out.
I want to get to know you.
I want to hear everything.
I want to hear you say it.
I want to hear you scream.
I want to hear your story.
I want to join your group.
I want to know everything.
I want to know what it is.
I want to make this quick.
I want to try to help you.
I want to watch the fight.
I want to write this down.
I want Tom out of my life.
I want Tom to do it alone.
I want you back in Boston.
I want you out of my life.
I want you out of my room.
I want you to be prepared.
I want you to call it off.
I want you to call me Tom.
I want you to go upstairs.
I want you to go with Tom.
I want you to help me die.
I want you to sit with me.
I want you to talk to Tom.
I want you to wait for me.
I want you to work for me.
I wanted to give you this.
I wanted to have children.
I wanted to hear from Tom.
I wanted to show you this.
I wanted to talk about it.
I wanted to tell you that.
I wanted to watch you die.
I wanted to wish you well.
I wanted you to have this.
I wanted you to keep that.
I wanted your cooperation.
I'd like a car like yours.
I'd like a little privacy.
I'd like a second opinion.
I'd like to go to my room.
I'd like to hear Tom sing.
I'd like to make a speech.
I'd like to talk about it.
I'd like to work this out.
I'd like you to have this.
I'd like you to wear this.
Maybe somebody wants that.
So what do you want to do?
Somebody wants to kill me.
Someone wanted us to come.
Someone wants to meet you.
That's all I want to know.
That's where I want to go.
They don't want to use it.
They want me to join them.
They want to speak to you.
They want us to cooperate.
Tom always wants to argue.
Tom didn't want to see me.
Tom doesn't want anything.
Tom doesn't want me to go.
Tom doesn't want our help.
Tom doesn't want to fight.
Tom doesn't want to leave.
Tom really does want this.
Tom wanted some fresh air.
Tom wanted to say goodbye.
Tom wanted to talk to you.
Tom wants a word with you.
Tom wants Mary to say yes.
Tom wants to kill himself.
Tom wants to protect Mary.
Tom wants to stick around.
Tom wants to talk to Mary.
Tom wants us to come back.
Tom wants us to find Mary.
Tom would want us to stay.
We all want to be desired.
We do want that, don't we?
We don't want any trouble.
We don't want to lose you.
What do they want from us?
What do you want that for?
What do you want us to do?
What do you want with Tom?
What does Tom want to eat?
What is it you want to do?
What more do you want, Tom?
What would you want to do?
When do you want to leave?
When do you want to start?
Who wants a piece of cake?
Why did Tom want you dead?
Why did Tom want you here?
Why wouldn't I want to go?
Would you like my address?
You don't want to do that.
You don't want to do this.
You may want to slow down.
You won't want to miss it.
Are you sure you want this?
Did you want to talk to me?
Do you really want to help?
Do you really want to stay?
Do you think I want to die?
Do you want a drink or not?
Do you want help with that?
Do you want me to call Tom?
Do you want me to help Tom?
Do you want my help or not?
Do you want some breakfast?
Do you want something else?
Do you want that warmed up?
Do you want the job or not?
Do you want to be left out?
Do you want to bet on that?
Do you want to grab dinner?
Do you want to make a deal?
Do you want to talk to Tom?
Do you want us to call you?
Do you want us to kill Tom?
Do you want us to tell Tom?
Do you want your coat back?
Don't you want to graduate?
How do you want to do this?
I didn't want to come here.
I didn't want to interrupt.
I didn't want to scare Tom.
I didn't want to upset Tom.
I didn't want to worry Tom.
I didn't want Tom to leave.
I didn't want Tom to worry.
I didn't want you to worry.
I don't want any ice cream.
I don't want to be in pain.
I don't want to bother Tom.
I don't want to discuss it.
I don't want to leave town.
I don't want to make waves.
I don't want to marry Mary.
I don't want to move again.
I don't want to play cards.
I don't want to scare them.
I don't want to see it now.
I don't want to tempt fate.
I don't want Tom to forget.
I don't want Tom's apology.
I don't want your sympathy.
I have things I want to do.
I just want to be near you.
I just want to be prepared.
I just want to be with you.
I just want to get married.
I just want to go to sleep.
I just want to support you.
I just want to talk to you.
I just want Tom to go away.
I just want you to be safe.
I just wanted to say hello.
I know what you want to do.
I know you want to see Tom.
I may want to stay a while.
I really want to thank you.
I told you I don't want it.
I want a third alternative.
I want more days like this.
I want to be there for Tom.
I want to buy my bike back.
I want to file a complaint.
I want to go over it again.
I want to go with you, Tom.
I want to hear it from Tom.
I want to hear it from you.
I want to know the details.
I want to know where it is.
I want to know who that is.
I want to let my hair down.
I want to make a complaint.
I want to make Tom jealous.
I want to see Tom tomorrow.
I want to see what happens.
I want to tell you a story.
I want Tom out of my house.
I want Tom to come with us.
I want Tom to wash the car.
I want what's best for Tom.
I want you all out of here.
I want you gone by sunrise.
I want you out of here now.
I want you out of my house.
I want you to analyze this.
I want you to be my friend.
I want you to come with us.
I want you to go somewhere.
I want you to let Tom live.
I want you to listen to me.
I want you to look for Tom.
I want you to meet someone.
I want you to work with me.
I wanted to see for myself.
I wanted to think about it.
I wouldn't want to do that.
I wouldn't want to intrude.
I'd like one stamp, please.
I'd like to confide in you.
I'd like to learn about it.
I'd like you to do it, too.
I'd like you to talk to me.
I'll complain if I want to.
If you want to go, then go.
Is this something you want?
Maybe I don't want to know.
Nobody wants to be in pain.
Only Tom didn't want to go.
Please give me what I want.
That's what I want to hear.
They don't want us to know.
They want to do this right.
They wanted you to do this.
They'll want to punish him.
This is where I want to be.
Tom doesn't want any pizza.
Tom wanted Mary to be safe.
Tom wanted to talk to Mary.
Tom wanted you out of here.
Tom wants Mary to want him.
Tom wants me to follow him.
Tom wants to do a good job.
Tom wants to eat lunch now.
Tom wants to hear from you.
Tom wants to say something.
Tom wants to surprise Mary.
Tom wants us to follow him.
Tom wants you to hear this.
Tom wants you to kill Mary.
Tom will want some of this.
We all want the same thing.
We can go anywhere we want.
We didn't want any trouble.
We don't want to hurt them.
We don't want Tom to leave.
We want to be in the group.
We want to hear everything.
We want to run a few tests.
What do you want from life?
What do you want me to get?
What do you want me to see?
What do you want Tom to do?
What does Tom want from us?
What does Tom want to know?
What I want is a gin tonic.
What I want is a hamburger.
What I want to know is why.
Where do you want to start?
Who wants to watch a video?
Why do you want to do that?
Why do you want to kill us?
Why do you want to see Tom?
Why do you want to sell it?
Why doesn't Tom want to go?
Would you like some advice?
You don't even want to win.
You don't want to go there.
You may want to reconsider.
You might want to sit down.
You might want to use this.
Believe that if you want to.
Did you want to speak to me?
Do you really want to fight?
Do you two want to be alone?
Do you want a demonstration?
Do you want it gift wrapped?
Do you want me to come back?
Do you want me to go or not?
Do you want me to leave now?
Do you want me to stay here?
Do you want me to wait here?
Do you want the details now?
Do you want this job or not?
Do you want to go someplace?
Do you want to hold my hand?
Do you want to keep playing?
Do you want to learn or not?
Do you want to see me again?
Do you want to stay with me?
Do you want Tom back or not?
Do you want us to stay here?
Does Tom want to see me now?
Don't you want to help them?
Everybody wants recognition.
How bad do you want to know?
I always wanted to say that.
I certainly don't want that.
I didn't want to believe it.
I didn't want to bother you.
I didn't want Tom to see me.
I don't even want you there.
I don't think you want that.
I don't want that to happen.
I don't want to be involved.
I don't want to disturb Tom.
I don't want to disturb you.
I don't want to do anything.
I don't want to go anywhere.
I don't want to go near Tom.
I don't want to go to rehab.
I don't want to go up there.
I don't want to go with Tom.
I don't want to know either.
I don't want to look at Tom.
I don't want to put you out.
I don't want to see anybody.
I don't want to talk to Tom.
I don't want to wake Tom up.
I don't want Tom to find me.
I don't want Tom to hate me.
I don't want Tom to help me.
I don't want you to be hurt.
I don't want you to do this.
I don't want you to fear me.
I don't want you to go back.
I don't want you to go home.
I don't want your apologies.
I just want to go to heaven.
I just want to go to school.
I just want to talk to them.
I just want Tom to be happy.
I just want Tom to get well.
I just wanted clarification.
I know you want to help him.
I never want to get married.
I really do just want to go.
I really want to understand.
I still don't want to do it.
I think I want to be a monk.
I thought Tom might want it.
I thought you might want it.
I want a doctor in here now!
I want cashews, not almonds.
I want everyone to be there.
I want this building locked.
I want to ask Tom something.
I want to ask you about Tom.
I want to ask you something.
I want to buy my house back.
I want to do this on my own.
I want to find my own place.
I want to go back to Boston.
I want to hear all about it.
I want to help, but I can't.
I want to know what love is.
I want to know what that is.
I want to know where Tom is.
I want to know who did that.
I want to know who sent you.
I want to lose a few pounds.
I want to make some changes.
I want to make you an offer.
I want to return your money.
I want to see how Tom lives.
I want to send Tom a letter.
I want to share it with you.
I want to sleep for a while.
I want to take the test now.
I want to talk about it now.
I want to talk to Tom alone.
I want to talk to Tom first.
I want to talk to you alone.
I want to try something new.
I want to wait another week.
I want us not to get caught.
I want us to do it together.
I want us to make it happen.
I want you both to get them.
I want you home by midnight.
I want you out of my office.
I want you to beg for mercy.
I want you to come home now.
I want you to dance with me.
I want you to do this right.
I want you to follow orders.
I want you to get me a soda.
I want you to give me a job.
I want you to keep your job.
I want you to meet everyone.
I want you to ride with Tom.
I want you to see something.
I want you to stay with Tom.
I want you to take my share.
I want you to take this job.
I want you to wear this one.
I want you to work with Tom.
I want your friends to come.
I want your opinion on this.
I wanted to say I was sorry.
I wanted to see you tonight.
I'd like to know the reason.
I'd like to pick you up now.
I'd like to see you, please.
I'd like to try some myself.
I'd like you to call me Tom.
I'd like you to participate.
I'd like you to talk to Tom.
I'll be here if you want me.
I'm doing what I want to do.
I'm not sure I want the job.
I've seen all I want to see.
If you want to go, we'll go.
Is it wrong to want to stay?
Is that the way you want it?
Is that what you want to do?
So what do you want to know?
So what do you want with me?
Someone wants to play games.
Tell me what I want to know.
Tell us what you want to do.
They want to make it bigger.
Tom didn't want to be found.
Tom doesn't even want to go.
Tom doesn't want to be here.
Tom doesn't want to do that.
Tom doesn't want to do this.
Tom doesn't want to give up.
Tom doesn't want to hear it.
Tom doesn't want to hurt us.
Tom doesn't want to see you.
Tom may not want to do that.
Tom wanted a word with Mary.
Tom wanted advice from Mary.
Tom wanted to know the time.
Tom wanted to talk with you.
Tom wanted you to have this.
Tom wanted you to know that.
Tom wants his umbrella back.
Tom wants Mary to apologize.
Tom wants me to do this now.
Tom wants me to go with him.
Tom wants to speak with you.
Tom wants you to shoot Mary.
We all want Tom to be happy.
We both want the same thing.
We didn't want to upset Tom.
We didn't want to worry you.
We don't want any accidents.
We just want our money back.
We just want to be together.
We just want to talk to Tom.
We simply want you to leave.
We want it to be a surprise.
We wanted to talk about Tom.
We wouldn't want to do that.
What did you want to ask me?
What do they want you to do?
What do you want me to wear?
What does Tom want us to do?
What is it you want from me?
What is it you want to know?
When do you want to do this?
Why do you want me to leave?
Why do you want that anyway?
Why do you want to meet Tom?
Why would I want to do that?
Why would I want to sue you?
Why would I want your watch?
Why would you want to leave?
Would you like some cookies?
Would you like to hear more?
You can come if you want to.
You do want that, don't you?
You don't want much, do you?
You don't want that, do you?
You don't want this, do you?
You don't want to lose that.
You might want some of this.
You wanted this, didn't you?
He hath looked into mine eyes and hath seen fire.
Thou hast seen poverty aplenty, but thou art rich of mind.
You wanna do what you wanna do.
I want you to do me a favor.
All I want is some breakfast.
All I want is some free time.
All I want to do is sit here.
Ask me what you want to know.
Boston is where I want to be.
Boston is where I want to go.
Do you want a drink of water?
Do you want this door closed?
Do you want to be my partner?
Do you want to go for a swim?
Do you want to go for a walk?
Do you want to go to a party?
Do you want to have children?
Do you want to press charges?
Do you want to say something?
Do you want to see Tom again?
Do you want to see your room?
Do you want to take this one?
Do you want to wear a kimono?
Do you want to work with Tom?
Do you want your friend back?
Do you want to be near Tom?
Don't you want me to keep it?
Don't you want to talk to me?
Everyone wants to feel loved.
Hey, you want to take a walk?
How bad do you want this job?
How do you want this handled?
I didn't want to be a burden.
I didn't want to disturb Tom.
I didn't want to disturb you.
I didn't want to put it down.
I didn't want you to go away.
I didn't want you to hate me.
I don't think I want to know.
I don't want a job in Boston.
I don't want anyone to panic.
I don't want her to find out.
I don't want this day to end.
I don't want to be different.
I don't want to be disbarred.
I don't want to be disturbed.
I don't want to die tomorrow.
I don't want to do this here.
I don't want to go back home.
I don't want to go on my own.
I don't want to hit you, Tom.
I don't want to hurt anybody.
I don't want to kill any man.
I don't want to leave a mess.
I don't want to leave Boston.
I don't want to let go of it.
I don't want to let Tom down.
I don't want to live forever.
I don't want to look foolish.
I don't want to look younger.
I don't want to make Tom sad.
I don't want to miss the bus.
I don't want to pick a fight.
I don't want to run into Tom.
I don't want to stick around.
I don't want to talk anymore.
I don't want Tom at my party.
I don't want Tom to be alone.
I don't want Tom to be angry.
I don't want Tom to get hurt.
I don't want Tom to get sick.
I don't want Tom to see that.
I don't want you on the trip.
I don't want you to date Tom.
I don't want you to enjoy it.
I don't want you to get hurt.
I don't want you to kill Tom.
I don't want you to see this.
I don't want you to tell Tom.
I figured you'd want to know.
I just want to humiliate Tom.
I just want to talk a minute.
I just want you to scare Tom.
I just wanted to be with Tom.
I just wanted Tom to shut up.
I knew you'd want to be told.
I know how badly you want it.
I really didn't want to play.
I really want to believe you.
I really want to impress Tom.
I really want Tom to like me.
I want a closer look at that.
I want another cup of coffee.
I want everyone here to help.
I want exactly what you want.
I want my share of the money.
I want the same thing you do.
I want them to be my friends.
I want this to be a surprise.
I want to be there, you know.
I want to convey my sympathy.
I want to do the right thing.
I want to go back to my desk.
I want to go back to my room.
I want to go back to the lab.
I want to go to the bathroom.
I want to go wherever you go.
I want to grow old with Mary.
I want to hear what Tom says.
I want to kill you right now.
I want to know if it's close.
I want to know what happened.
I want to know what I can do.
I want to know where I stand.
I want to see Tom in an hour.
I want to see what Tom found.
I want to sign the contracts.
I want to speak to my lawyer.
I want to speak to Tom alone.
I want to speak with Tom now.
I want to start making plans.
I want to take a closer look.
I want to take a look inside.
I want to take you to dinner.
I want to talk to the doctor.
I want to talk to the police.
I want to thank you for that.
I want Tom to call every day.
I want Tom to know the truth.
I want Tom to ride with Mary.
I want you back in one piece.
I want you to be proud of me.
I want you to bring it to me.
I want you to get in the car.
I want you to get me a knife.
I want you to go easy on Tom.
I want you to have something.
I want you to know something.
I want you to know the truth.
I want you to leave me alone.
I want you to make this work.
I want you to open your eyes.
I want you to think about it.
I wanted it to be a surprise.
I wanted somebody to talk to.
I wanted to be just like Tom.
I wanted to be just like you.
I wanted to hear Tom confess.
I wanted to hold you so much.
I wanted to introduce myself.
I wanted Tom to see me first.
I wanted you to feel at home.
I wouldn't want to miss this.
I wouldn't want to speculate.
I'd like to hear your advice.
I'd like to keep it that way.
I'd like to make a statement.
I'd like to offer a proposal.
I'd like to solve the puzzle.
I'd like to start seeing you.
I'd like Tom to take me home.
I'd like you to accompany me.
I'd like you to come with me.
I'd like you to look into it.
I'd like you to make one now.
I'd like your candid opinion.
If you want me to go, I will.
If you want to come, you can.
If you want to know, just ask.
It makes me want to throw up.
It's not how I want us to be.
Say anything you want to say.
Somebody wanted to scare you.
Tell me anything you want to.
Tell Tom we don't want to go.
Tell Tom what you want to do.
Tom and Mary don't want that.
Tom and Mary want to see you.
Tom didn't seem to want that.
Tom doesn't want to be found.
Tom doesn't want to be there.
Tom doesn't want to go there.
Tom doesn't want to lose you.
Tom doesn't want us to leave.
Tom wanted a meeting with us.
Tom wanted a million dollars.
Tom wanted to buy some sugar.
Tom wanted to save the world.
Tom wanted us to talk to you.
Tom wants a meeting with you.
Tom wants to get out of town.
Tom wants to get to know you.
Tom wants to know who did it.
Tom wants to know who we are.
Tom wants us to die with him.
Tom wants you all to himself.
Tom wants you back, you know.
Tom wants your parking space.
Tom, I want you to have this.
Tom, I want you to meet Mary.
Tom, I want you to stop this.
We want Tom to stay and help.
What did you want to show us?
What did you want to tell me?
What do you want to do about it?
What does Tom want you to do?
What don't you want me to do?
What is it you want me to do?
What would Tom want that for?
When do you want me to start?
Where do you want to go, sir?
Where would you want to live?
Which hat do you want to buy?
Who wants you to be the boss?
Why did you want to buy them?
Why do you want one of those?
Why do you want to know that?
Why do you want to work here?
Why does Tom want to hurt me?
Why doesn't Tom want us over?
Why would I want to go there?
Why would Tom want Mary dead?
Why would Tom want to see us?
Why would we want to do that?
You don't want me to do that.
You don't want to go, do you?
Do you guys want to play a game?
You know what I want to hear.
You might want a little help.
You might want to leave that.
You might want to reconsider.
You wouldn't want to be late.
You wouldn't want to do that.
Your lawyers want to see you.
Actually, they want to pay us.
All I want to do is go to bed.
Are you sure you want to know?
Are you sure you want to quit?
Didn't Tom want to talk to us?
Do whatever you want about it.
Do you really want to be here?
Do you really want to do this?
Do you want a turkey sandwich?
Do you want me to check again?
Do you want me to handle this?
Do you want me to help you up?
Do you want me to lose my job?
Do you want me to pick you up?
Do you want this or don't you?
Do you want to argue about it?
Do you want to come sit by me?
Do you want to do it together?
Do you want to get some lunch?
Do you want to go get a drink?
Do you want to hear my theory?
Do you want to know the truth?
Do you want to send a message?
Do you want to take that risk?
Do you want to wear my jacket?
Do you want us to go with you?
Do you want your old job back?
Does Tom want me to call back?
Don't you want some ice cream?
Don't you want to come inside?
How much do you want to spend?
I didn't want to frighten you.
I didn't want to push my luck.
I didn't want to say anything.
I didn't want you to leave me.
I don't think we want to know.
I don't want any distractions.
I don't want anyone to see us.
I don't want Mary to leave me.
I don't want them to hurt Tom.
I don't want things to change.
I don't want to be distracted.
I don't want to die like this.
I don't want to do it anymore.
I don't want to do that again.
I don't want to do this alone.
I don't want to embarrass you.
I don't want to fight anymore.
I don't want to hear about it.
I don't want to humiliate Tom.
I don't want to interrupt Tom.
I don't want to kill you, Tom.
I don't want to know any more.
I don't want to know anything.
I don't want to live this way.
I don't want to lose any time.
I don't want to lose you, Tom.
I don't want to move too fast.
I don't want to play checkers.
I don't want to press charges.
I don't want to talk with you.
I don't want to walk with you.
I don't want Tom to get angry.
I don't want Tom to get upset.
I don't want Tom to know this.
I don't want Tom to take over.
I don't want us to be enemies.
I don't want you following me.
I don't want you to apologize.
I figured you might want this.
I got something I want to say.
I just don't want to lose you.
I just want everybody to live.
I just want people to like me.
I just want to get some sleep.
I just want to go back to bed.
I just want to help you relax.
I just want to know one thing.
I just want to say I love you.
I just wanted to let you know.
I never thought I'd want more.
I never wanted to hurt anyone.
I really want you to meet Tom.
I thought you might want this.
I want a money back guarantee.
I want a volunteer to help me.
I want this computer repaired.
I want to be doing a good job.
I want to be in show business.
I want to find a box for this.
I want to get on with my life.
I want to go with you tonight.
I want to know how Tom thinks.
I want to know what Tom meant.
I want to know where they are.
I want to know who started it.
I want to see your supervisor.
I want to share this with you.
I want to stay in my quarters.
I want to talk to all of them.
I want to talk with Tom alone.
I want to tell Tom good night.
I want to tell Tom I love him.
I want Tom brought to justice.
I want Tom to hear your story.
I want us to be friends again.
I want us to start over again.
I want you to be a bridesmaid.
I want you to call the police.
I want you to come and get me.
I want you to find Tom for me.
I want you to get in your car.
I want you to get out of town.
I want you to hold Tom's hand.
I want you to ignore the pain.
I want you to take care of me.
I want you to understand this.
I want you to wait right here.
I wanted to give you a chance.
I wanted to share it with you.
I wanted to talk to you first.
I wouldn't want to bother Tom.
I'd like some popcorn, please.
I'd like to buy this computer.
I'd like to help Tom prove it.
I'd like to help, but I can't.
I'd like to see that contract.
I'd like to see the agreement.
I'd like to see the principal.
I'd like to shake their hands.
I'd like to talk to Tom again.
I'd like to think that's true.
I'd like you back on the team.
I'd like you to accompany Tom.
I'd like you to meet with Tom.
I'd like your opinion on this.
I'm not sure I want to see it.
I'm sure you don't want to go.
I've always wanted to do this.
If you don't want to go, fine.
If you want me to go, I'll go.
Is that what you want to hear?
It's not like I want you here.
Listen, I don't want to fight.
No one would want to hurt Tom.
Somebody wants to talk to you.
The police want to talk to me.
They don't want to talk to me.
They don't want you to use it.
They just want to talk to Tom.
They know I want to leave now.
They want to see how we react.
They'll want to remember this.
Tom didn't want to talk to me.
Tom doesn't want to be a hero.
Tom doesn't want to be caught.
Tom doesn't want to hear this.
Tom doesn't want to negotiate.
Tom doesn't want to work here.
Tom obviously doesn't want it.
Tom said he wanted to be here.
Tom said you wanted to see me.
Tom wanted me to come get him.
Tom wanted me to speak to you.
Tom wanted to change his life.
Tom wanted to turn himself in.
Tom wanted way too much money.
Tom wants me to quit this job.
Tom wants to eat here tonight.
Tom wants to know if it hurts.
Tom wants to see you upstairs.
Tom wants to set up a meeting.
Tom wants you to check it out.
Tom would want me to say that.
Tom would want us to continue.
Trust me. You don't want that.
We don't want to ignore facts.
We don't want to pressure you.
We just want to be left alone.
We just want to take Tom home.
We only want to help you, Tom.
We want to tell you something.
We wanted to do it right away.
What do you want me to do now?
What do you want the list for?
What don't you want us to see?
What else do you want from me?
What else do you want to know?
What is it you want to ask me?
What made you want to do that?
What more do you want from me?
What time do you want to meet?
What would Tom want you to do?
When do you want me back here?
Where do you want me to start?
Where does Tom want you to go?
Which hat do you want to wear?
Who'd ever want to leave here?
Who would ever want to leave here?
Why did you want Tom to leave?
Why would Tom want to do that?
Why would you even want to go?
Why would you want me to stay?
Why would you want to help me?
Would you like to come inside?
You can say whatever you want.
You guys can do what you want.
You may want to tell Tom that.
You might not want to do that.
You might want to talk to Tom.
You must want this very badly.
You probably want to be alone.
You really don't want to know.
You want a divorce, don't you?
They were terrified once they were told they were assigned as partners for this mission.
All I want is a chance to help.
All Tom seems to want is money.
Are you sure you don't want it?
Are you sure you want that one?
Do you really want to help Tom?
Do you think I want to do this?
Do you want a few more minutes?
Do you want me to stick around?
Do you want me to tell you why?
Do you want me to try it again?
Do you want the lights left on?
Do you want this window opened?
Do you want to come to a party?
Do you want to do it right now?
Do you want to keep dating Tom?
Do you want to know how I feel?
Do you want to know the future?
Do you want to know what I see?
Do you want to know why I quit?
Do you want to leave a message?
Do you want to sell your house?
Do you want to speak privately?
Do you want to talk about that?
Do you want to talk about them?
Do you want to talk to someone?
Do you want to wait in the car?
Don't you want to live forever?
Everybody wants to protect you.
Hey Tom, I want to talk to you.
How long do you want this time?
I assumed you'd want me to pay.
I didn't want to embarrass you.
I didn't want to humiliate Tom.
I didn't want to miss anything.
I didn't want to tell you this.
I didn't want to use the phone.
I didn't want Tom to bother me.
I didn't want you to read that.
I don't know what I want to do.
I don't want anyone to hear me.
I don't want anything from you.
I don't want people to hate me.
I don't want this night to end.
I don't want to antagonize Tom.
I don't want to argue with you.
I don't want to be alone again.
I don't want to be here either.
I don't want to be rude to Tom.
I don't want to disappoint Tom.
I don't want to do that either.
I don't want to fight with you.
I don't want to live with that.
I don't want to lose you again.
I don't want to play this game.
I don't want to see that again.
I don't want to see this again.
I don't want to speak with you.
I don't want to talk about Tom.
I don't want to turn myself in.
I don't want Tom getting upset.
I don't want Tom to go to jail.
I don't want you to be nervous.
I don't want your legal advice.
I just don't want any of these.
I just don't want to marry Tom.
I just don't want to marry you.
I just want a little more time.
I just want to forget about it.
I just want to save the planet.
I just want to stay in the car.
I just want you to be prepared.
I just wanted to wish you luck.
I never said I didn't want you.
I really don't want to do that.
I really want to be around you.
I think they want you to do it.
I want an answer from you ASAP.
I want it done within the hour.
I want that more than anything.
I want them to be your friends.
I want to hear more about this.
I want to hear what Tom thinks.
I want to know how Tom does it.
I want to know what's going on.
I want to make something clear.
I want to make that very clear.
I want to make Tom proud of me.
I want to remember all of this.
I want to see Tom in my office.
I want to show Tom around town.
I want to take advantage of it.
I want to talk to your superior.
I want to tell Mary I love her.
I want Tom arrested for murder.
I want Tom kept away from here.
I want us to be together again.
I want us to get back together.
I want you to come work for me.
I want you to destroy all this.
I want you to go see the nurse.
I want you to go to the doctor.
I want you to light the candle.
I want you to stay out of this.
I want you to take me with you.
I want you to think about this.
I want you to watch this video.
I want you where I can see you.
I want your complaining to end.
I wanted everyone to get along.
I wanted to ask you a question.
I wanted to do the right thing.
I wanted to keep my eye on you.
I wanted to say that I'm sorry.
I wanted to thank you for that.
I wanted Tom to clean his room.
I wouldn't want to show you up.
I'd like to ask you a question.
I'd like to buy a refrigerator.
I'd like to hear that from Tom.
I'd like to request a transfer.
I'd like to take a look around.
I'd like you to leave my house.
I'm exactly where I want to be.
I'm not so sure I want the job.
I'm not sure I want to do that.
Look, I don't want any trouble.
People don't want to hear that.
That's not the way I wanted it.
The police want to question me.
They want to tell us something.
Tom and Mary want to come over.
Tom didn't want me to kiss him.
Tom didn't want you to do that.
Tom doesn't want Mary to leave.
Tom doesn't want to compromise.
Tom doesn't want to discuss it.
Tom doesn't want to leave Mary.
Tom doesn't want to see anyone.
Tom just didn't want to see me.
Tom says he doesn't want to go.
Tom seems to want to help Mary.
Tom wanted me to give you this.
Tom wanted to polish his shoes.
Tom wants me to move to Boston.
Tom wants me to see everything.
Tom wants me to take his place.
Tom wants to be more like Mary.
Tom wants to go back to Boston.
Tom wants to see us right away.
Tom wants to talk to you again.
Tom wants very much to see you.
Tom, do you want to go with me?
We don't want to cause a panic.
We just want you to get better.
We want to know who's the best.
We wanted to keep you informed.
What do you all want to do now?
What do you want for Christmas?
What else do you want me to do?
What is it you want to tell me?
Where did you want to take Tom?
Why do you want Tom to have it?
Why doesn't Tom want to see me?
Why would Tom want to go there?
Why would we want you to leave?
Would you like my phone number?
Would you like to join my team?
You don't want me here, do you?
You know what I want you to do.
You said you didn't want to go.
You still want this, don't you?
You want this stuff, don't you?
You'll want to write this down.
All I want is a washing machine.
Are we sure we want to hire Tom?
Are you sure you don't want to come?
Are you sure you don't want one?
Believe me, I don't want to die.
Did you want this window closed?
Didn't Tom want to talk to Mary?
Do you really think I want that?
Do you really want to risk that?
Do you think I want to hurt Tom?
Do you want a ride to the store?
Do you want me to call a doctor?
Do you want me to open this now?
Do you want me to stay with Tom?
Do you want me to tell Tom that?
Do you want me to write it down?
Do you want that responsibility?
Do you want to file a complaint?
Do you want to go grab some dinner?
Do you want to live like slaves?
Do you want to marry Tom or not?
Do you want to pay now or later?
Do you want to take that chance?
Do you want to tell me about it?
Does anybody want anything else?
Don't you want any orange juice?
Don't you want something to eat?
Don't you want to give me a hug?
Don't you want to hear the rest?
Don't you want to know for sure?
Don't you want to see your kids?
Everybody wants to be my friend.
Go with who you want to go with.
Guess what I want to talk about.
Have you asked if they want one?
Have you ever asked if Tom wants one?
I assumed you'd want me to help.
I didn't want to do it this way.
I didn't want to make any noise.
I didn't want to see Tom's face.
I didn't want to throw that out.
I didn't want to waste any time.
I don't ever want us to be apart.
I don't want to be here anymore.
I don't want to be part of this.
I don't want to end up in court.
I don't want to force you to go.
I don't want to forget anything.
I don't want to get in your way.
I don't want to go out with Tom.
I don't want to keep doing this.
I don't want to leave a message.
I don't want to take the chance.
I don't want to take your money.
I don't want to talk about love.
I don't want to talk about this.
I don't want to throw that away.
I don't want to throw this away.
I don't want us to look foolish.
I found the man I want to marry.
I just didn't want to upset you.
I just don't want to believe it.
I just want things to be normal.
I just want to get my work done.
I just want to go back to class.
I just want to have a good time.
I just want us to stay together.
I just want what I was promised.
I just want what's best for Tom.
I just want what's best for you.
I just want you out of my house.
I never want to leave you again.
I think you'll want to see this.
I thought you didn't want to go.
I want a match. Do you have one?
I want everything to be perfect.
I want people to know the truth.
I want these people out of here.
I want things the way they were.
I want this garbage out of here.
I want to be in the other group.
I want to be in your life again.
I want to be ready for anything.
I want to be sure Tom is guilty.
I want to change my reservation.
I want to discuss this with Tom.
I want to do everything Tom did.
I want to do it right this time.
I want to find out who did this.
I want to finish what I started.
I want to go back there tonight.
I want to go back to my cubicle.
I want to go back to my friends.
I want to help you, but I can't.
I want to hire you to watch Tom.
I want to know how Tom is doing.
I want to know Tom's every move.
I want to know what it is first.
I want to know what's out there.
I want to know who started this.
I want to make sure Tom is safe.
I want to make sure you're safe.
I want to make Tom feel at ease.
I want to see if Tom is in town.
I want to sit down for a change.
I want to take your temperature.
I want Tom to clean the kitchen.
I want Tom to make me breakfast.
I want you to arrange a meeting.
I want you to be honest with me.
I want you to come back with me.
I want you to look at something.
I want you to make the decision.
I want you to stop following me.
I want you to tell me about Tom.
I want you with us all the time.
I wanted to learn from the best.
I wanted to spare your feelings.
I wanted you to know how I feel.
I wanted you to know how I felt.
I wouldn't want you to get hurt.
I'd like a chance to learn more.
I'd like to put on some clothes.
I'd like to see what I'm buying.
I'd like us to be friends again.
I'd like your attention, please.
I'll tell you what I want to do.
If you want to fire me, fire me.
If you want to talk, let's talk.
Is that what you want me to say?
Is that why you want to hurt me?
Is that why you want to kill me?
It isn't something I want to do.
Let me know what you want to do.
My parents want me to come home.
So what is it you want me to do?
That's just what I want to hear.
There's something I want to try.
They both want to say something.
They just want someone to blame.
They want Tom to stay overnight.
Tom and Mary don't want us here.
Tom and Mary want to talk to me.
Tom didn't want me to touch him.
Tom doesn't want that right now.
Tom doesn't want to go to sleep.
Tom doesn't want to talk to you.
Tom just wants something to eat.
Tom said he didn't want a drink.
Tom said he didn't want to talk.
Tom said he wanted some company.
Tom wanted me to do him a favor.
Tom wanted to see me right away.
Tom wants to be like his father.
Tom wants to break up with Mary.
Tom wants to see you downstairs.
Tom wants to spend time with me.
Tom wants us to enjoy ourselves.
Tom, I want to hear it from you.
Tom, I want you to come with me.
Tom, I want you to listen to me.
We don't want any bad publicity.
We don't want any more mistakes.
We don't want to be any trouble.
We don't want to scare Tom away.
We don't want to startle anyone.
We just want to sell you things.
We want to have a word with Tom.
We want you to have a good time.
We wanted to wish you good luck.
What didn't Tom want you to see?
What do you really want from us?
What do you want me to call you?
What do you want me to start on?
What do you want me to tell you?
What doesn't Tom want us to see?
What else do you want me to say?
Why does Tom want us to do this?
Why should Tom want to see Mary?
Why would they want to harm Tom?
Why would Tom want to hurt Mary?
Why would we want to punish you?
Would you like to give it a try?
You can stand up if you want to.
You know what I want you to say.
You may want to slow down a bit.
I don't want to see Tom anymore.
I want to know who is in charge.
All I want is some companionship.
All I want now is a little sleep.
All I want now is a glass of water.
Are you sure you don't want this?
Are you sure you just want water?
Are you sure you want to be here?
Change your mind, if you want to.
Do you know where you want to go?
Do you really want me to do this?
Do you really want to talk to me?
Do you really want Tom to suffer?
Do you seriously want to race me?
Do you still want to go to lunch?
Do you want me to go without you?
Do you want me to just ignore it?
Do you want me to put Tom to bed?
Do you want me to tell the truth?
Do you want sugar in your coffee?
Do you want the lights on or off?
Do you want to come out and play?
Do you want to come over tonight?
Do you want to go back to Boston?
Do you want to go someplace else?
Do you want to go to a ball game?
Do you want to know how I did it?
Do you want to know what I think?
Do you want to know what's wrong?
Do you want to take care of that?
Do you want to talk about it now?
Do you want to talk in my office?
Evidently, Tom didn't want to go.
How come you don't want to sleep?
I can see why you'd want to stay.
I could help you out if you want.
I definitely want to go with Tom.
I didn't want Tom to get nervous.
I don't want Tom to make a fuss.
I didn't want you to get nervous.
I didn't want you to make a fuss.
I don't even want to be here now.
I don't even want to talk to Tom.
I don't ever want that to change.
I don't know what I want anymore.
I don't really want to leave you.
I don't want anybody to get hurt.
I don't want to argue about this.
I don't want to ask you anything.
I don't want to be anywhere else.
I don't want to be late for work.
I don't want to do anything else.
I don't want to do this with you.
I don't want to embarrass myself.
I don't want to end up in prison.
I don't want to get too personal.
I don't want to go back home yet.
I don't want to go back in there.
I don't want to go to work today.
I don't want to hear any excuses.
I don't want to keep Tom waiting.
I don't want to know their names.
I don't want to see Tom get hurt.
I don't want to see you get hurt.
I don't want to spoil everything.
I don't want to talk to you, Tom.
I don't want to think about that.
I don't want to turn on the news.
I don't want Tom to lose his job.
I don't want Tom to miss the bus.
I don't want you there next week.
I don't want you to do that, Tom.
I don't want you to get involved.
I don't want you to go to Boston.
I don't want you to see me naked.
I don't want Tom to see me naked.
I just don't want to do it again.
I just don't want to go with you.
I just don't want to go with Tom.
I just don't want to hurt anyone.
I just don't want to talk to you.
I just don't want you to have it.
I just want to hang out with you.
I just want to hear your reasons.
I just want to make it up to you.
I just want to take a quick look.
I just wanted to make that clear.
I know you don't want to hurt me.
I know you want to make me happy.
I really do want Tom to be happy.
I really don't want to live here.
I really don't want to miss that.
I really want to figure this out.
I thought you might want a drink.
I thought you might want to know.
I want a full report before 2:30.
I want a piece of chocolate cake.
I want to ask you one last favor.
I want to ask you some questions.
I want to go back to my quarters.
I want to know how you know that.
I want to know what time to come.
I want to know who paid for this.
I want to know who was in charge.
I want to know why this happened.
I want to make a good impression.
I want to spend my life with Tom.
I want to write all of this down.
I want Tom to have a decent life.
I want you out of here right now.
I want you to be my friend again.
I want you to call off the fight.
I want you to come to my wedding.
I want you to find out about Tom.
I want you to get me out of here.
I want you to get your own place.
I want you to give Tom a message.
I want you to keep an eye on Tom.
I want you to lay back and relax.
I want you to stay away from Tom.
I want you to stay where you are.
I want you to take this medicine.
I want you to take this with you.
I wanted to get my mind off work.
I wanted to have a beer with you.
I wanted to speak with you first.
I wanted Tom to take me with him.
I wouldn't want anyone to see us.
I'd like a cup of coffee, please.
I'd like some time alone, please.
I'd like someone to ask Tom that.
I'd like to run a few more tests.
I'd like you to apologize to Tom.
I'd like you to come work for me.
I'd like you to drop the charges.
If you want us to help, just ask.
Is there anywhere you want to go?
Just what is it you want from me?
So, where do you want to do this?
Somebody wants to send a message.
Take whichever of these you want.
There is one thing I want to ask.
They wanted me to finish by 2:30.
Tom and Mary want to make a deal.
Tom and Mary want to talk to you.
Tom and Mary want you there, too.
Tom and Mary wanted an adventure.
Tom doesn't want to be disturbed.
Tom doesn't want to be seen here.
Tom doesn't want to believe that.
Tom doesn't want to discuss this.
Tom doesn't want to hurt anybody.
Tom doesn't want to see Mary now.
Tom doesn't want to speak to you.
Tom doesn't want you to get hurt.
Tom doesn't want to travel alone.
Tom never seems to want to sleep.
Tom said he didn't want anything.
Tom says he doesn't want a party.
Tom wanted Mary to look for John.
Tom wanted to be like his father.
Tom wanted to buy some souvenirs.
Tom wanted to change the subject.
Tom wanted to hang out with Mary.
Tom wants me to fix this for him.
Tom wants me to plan the wedding.
Tom wants pepperoni on his pizza.
Tom wants to leave, but he can't.
Tom wants to see you immediately.
Tom wants to tell Mary the truth.
Tom, I want you to speak to Mary.
We all want Tom to be successful.
We don't want any more accidents.
We don't want anyone to get hurt.
We'll give you anything you want.
Well, what do you want me to say?
What do you want to do with this?
What else do you want me to read?
What exactly do you want from me?
What exactly do you want from us?
What is it that you want from me?
What is it that you want to know?
Where do you want me to put this?
Where do you want to go to lunch?
Who wants to go to Boston anyway?
Why would anyone want to do that?
Why would anyone want to kill me?
Would you want to live like that?
You might want to check this out.
You might want to glance at this.
You really don't want to do this.
You really want to go, don't you?
You're going to want to see this.
Do you sometimes give your younger sister money?
The new president wants to whittle down spending on health care to a bare minimum.
I wouldn't want nobody to see us.
None of them can hold a candle to Maria.
I get very uncomfortable when I catch him staring at me.
After all, with me staring at him all day long it was inevitable that he would start suspecting something.
The law is meant to redress decades of discrimination against the country's ethnic minorities.
Intermittent flashes of lightning illuminated the dark gloom of the forest.
Knowest thou whence thou comest through the forest vale?
Ye heed not what he saith.
Thou art not mine enemy, so farest thou well.
I bid thee a happy voyage to thine abode.
Ya gotta do what he says ya hafta.
I dunno what's with ya these days.
We live in a globalized world.
Crap, I think he saw us.
She looks ill.
Now it's time to start studying.
We're resting naked in the warm sand.
There is no such thing, at this stage of the world’s history in The United States of America, as an independent press. You know it and I know it. There is not one of you who dare write your honest opinions, and if you did, you know beforehand that it would never appear in print. I am paid weekly for keeping my honest opinions out of the paper I am connected with. Others of you are paid similar salaries for similar things, and any of you who would be foolish as to write honest opinions would be out on the streets looking for another job. If I allowed my honest opinions to appear in one issue of my papers, before twenty-four hours my occupation would be gone. The business of the journalist is to destroy the truth, to lie outright, to pervert, to vilify, to fawn at the feet of Mammon, and to sell his country and his race for his daily bread. You know it and I know it, and what folly is this toasting an independent press? We are the jumping jacks, they pull the strings and we dance. Our talents, our possibilities and our lives are all the property of other men. We are intellectual prostitutes.
I didn't mean it like that.
She always claimed to have been just another one of his victims.
You're wasting both of our time.
He accidentally shot him in the foot.
Tom shot himself in the foot.
Tom accidentally shot himself in the foot while cleaning his gun.
I know it's one of your pet peeves.
Are you sure you don't want to go?
Are you sure you want to be alone?
Are you sure you want to break up?
Did you want to show me something?
Did you want to tell me something?
Do you actually want to insult me?
Do you really want me to help you?
Do you really want to do this now?
Do you really want to wait a year?
Do you really want to wake Tom up?
Do you want me to bring my guitar?
Do you want me to buy you a drink?
Do you want me to get rid of this?
Do you want me to leave you alone?
Do you want me to take care of it?
Do you want me to tell the police?
Do you want me to throw that away?
Do you want our help or don't you?
Do you want to cancel the meeting?
Do you want to come over and play?
Do you want to get together later?
Do you want to know what it means?
Do you want to let me talk or not?
Do you want to make some brownies?
Do you want to say it or should I?
Do you want to talk to me or not?
Don't you want to know what it is?
Eat with who you want to eat with.
Everyone wants to be Tom's friend.
How do you want me to handle this?
I didn't want to come here at all.
I didn't want to see Tom get hurt.
I don't know if I want to do that.
I don't really want you mad at me.
I don't think I'd want to do that.
I don't want this to happen again.
I don't want to be alone with Tom.
I don't want to be away from home.
I don't want to break up with you.
I don't want to fight you on this.
I don't want to forget Tom's face.
I don't want to go back to prison.
I don't want to have to shoot you.
I don't want to live where I work.
I don't want to make any mistakes.
I don't want to see anything else.
I don't want to sell you anything.
I don't want to take any pictures.
I don't want to talk about it now.
I don't want Tom anywhere near me.
I don't want Tom involved in this.
I don't want you fighting over me.
I have someone I want you to meet.
I just don't want to let Tom down.
I just don't want to let you down.
I just don't want Tom interfering.
I just don't want Tom to get hurt.
I just don't want you to get hurt.
I just want them both to be happy.
I just want to ask you a question.
I just want to be a good neighbor.
I just want to live a normal life.
I just want to tell Tom something.
I just want Tom to leave me alone.
I just want tonight to be special.
I just want you to think about it.
I know exactly where I want to go.
I know you don't want to hurt Tom.
I never want to talk to Tom again.
I never want to talk to you again.
I told Tom I didn't want his help.
I told you I don't want your help.
I want an answer to that question.
I want to avoid unnecessary risks.
I want to give Tom another chance.
I want to give you a goodbye kiss.
I want to go to bed early tonight.
I want to know where it came from.
I want to learn to dance like you.
I want to learn to shoot like you.
I want to name the baby after you.
I want to see what I'm up against.
I want to show you something else.
I want to show you something, Tom.
I want to spend my life with Mary.
I want to talk privately with Tom.
I want to talk to you after class.
I want to thank you for your time.
I want what's best for both of us.
I want you all to be very careful.
I want you to do something for me.
I want you to have a copy of this.
I want you to help me clean it up.
I want you to keep your eyes open.
I want you to know how sorry I am.
I want you to listen to this song.
I want you to look out the window.
I want you to return to your seat.
I want you to take a look at this.
I want your name and badge number.
I wanted to believe Tom was happy.
I wanted to believe Tom was lying.
I wanted to make Tom feel at home.
I wanted to make you feel at home.
I wanted to see how Tom was doing.
I wanted to talk to you about Tom.
I wanted you to have a little fun.
I'd like to buy a washing machine.
I'd like to cancel my reservation.
I'd like to find out what this is.
I'd like to introduce Tom to Mary.
I'd like to see that ring, please.
I'd like to see Tom one more time.
I'd like to speak to your manager.
I'd like to think Tom is a friend.
I'd like you to leave immediately.
I'd like you to look at something.
If you want that, you can have it.
Is that all you wanted to tell us?
Is there any place you want to go?
Is there anything you want to say?
Is there somebody you want to see?
Look, I don't want to lose my job.
Look, I want you to do me a favor.
So, do you really want to do this?
So, what is it you want me to say?
Tell Tom that I want to marry him.
Tell Tom we want to talk with him.
That's just what I wanted to hear.
That's not something I want to do.
They didn't want me to examine it.
They want to know what's going on.
They want to talk to you a moment.
They wanted to know where Tom was.
Tom clearly doesn't want this job.
Tom didn't want his picture taken.
Tom didn't want to get in trouble.
Tom didn't want to get out of bed.
Tom doesn't seem to want our help.
Tom doesn't want to hear about it.
Tom doesn't want to take a chance.
Tom says he doesn't want to fight.
Tom seems to want a lot of things.
Tom wanted to quit practicing law.
Tom wanted to see where I grew up.
Tom wants our report before lunch.
Tom wants to come over after work.
Tom wants to take a picture of it.
Tom will not want to be disturbed.
Tom will want to know you're here.
Tom, I want to show you something.
Tom, I want you to listen to this.
We didn't want anybody to find us.
We didn't want to get in your way.
We don't want anybody to find out.
We don't want anyone getting hurt.
We don't want to take any chances.
We want to talk to you about that.
Well, what do you want to do, Tom?
What did he want to know about me?
What exactly do you want me to do?
What exactly do you want us to do?
What game do you want to play now?
What I really want to do is sleep.
What is it you want to sell to us?
What is it you want to talk about?
What is it you want to tell us?
Where do you want these suitcases?
Why did you want to speak with us?
Why do you want to commit suicide?
Why do you want to do that anyway?
Why do you want to go out with me?
Why do you want to know about Tom?
Why would anybody want to do that?
Why would anybody want to hurt me?
Why would anyone want to hurt Tom?
Why would I want to ride with Tom?
Why would Tom want to change that?
Why would we want to go to Boston?
Why would you want Tom to do that?
You don't want me to sing, do you?
You know what song I want to sing.
You might want to grab some sleep.
You might want to reconsider that.
You might want to try it sometime.
You might want to wait over there.
You might want to watch your step.
You want to leave here, don't you?
You're just the man I want to see.
All I want you to do is talk to us.
Are you sure you don't want coffee?
Are you sure you want to leave now?
Did you get what you want from Tom?
Did you want me to call the police?
Do you and Tom want the same thing?
Do you really want to work with us?
Do you still want to give me a hug?
Do you want me to teach Tom karate?
Do you want this room painted, too?
Do you want to give it another try?
Do you want to go fishing tomorrow?
Do you want to go for a walk later?
Do you want to know how Tom did it?
Do you want to know what I'm doing?
Do you want to stay here all night?
Do you want to talk about anything?
Do you want Tom to know about this?
Do you want us to take you with us?
Doesn't anyone want to speak to me?
Don't tell me if you don't want to.
Don't you want a little excitement?
Don't you want to be in love again?
Don't you want to know what I want?
Don't you want to know where I was?
How much thinner do you want to be?
I didn't even want you to tell Tom.
I didn't want to believe it myself.
I didn't want to wait for anything.
I didn't want you involved in this.
I didn't want you to miss your bus.
I don't ever want to hurt you, Tom.
I don't ever want to talk about it.
I don't know if we want to do that.
I don't know what I want to do yet.
I don't know what you want to hear.
I don't know yet what I want to do.
I don't particularly want to do it.
I don't understand why you want it.
I don't want any special treatment.
I don't want to be a burden to you.
I don't want to be treated special.
I don't want to discuss it anymore.
I don't want to get you in trouble.
I don't want to live by your rules.
I don't want to love Tom, but I do.
I don't want to ruin Tom's holiday.
I don't want to take care of a dog.
I don't want to talk about my cold.
I don't want you to scare Tom away.
I don't want you to worry about me.
I don't want you touching my stuff.
I just didn't want Tom to get hurt.
I just didn't want you to get hurt.
I just don't want to be left alone.
I just don't want to be Tom's wife.
I just don't want to talk about it.
I just don't want you to get upset.
I just want some bacon, that's all.
I just want to be a little happier.
I just want to know what to expect.
I just want to know what's going on.
I just wanted a shoulder to cry on.
I just wanted to drop by to say hi.
I know what you want to talk about.
I think what you want is over here.
I think you'll want to hear me out.
I thought you might want this back.
I want a hug. Tom wants a hug, too.
I want permission to go home early.
I want those back when you're done.
I want to apologize for what I did.
I want to do my job the best I can.
I want to go back to where we were.
I want to help you figure this out.
I want to know about Tom's new job.
I want to know everything about it.
I want to know everything you know.
I want to leave this place quickly.
I want to let go of your hands now.
I want to lodge a formal complaint.
I want to see what Tom wants first.
I want to share something with you.
I want to show you something first.
I want to take another look around.
I want Tom to hear the whole story.
I want us all under one roof again.
I want you home in time for dinner.
I want you out of here by tomorrow.
I want you to do me one last favor.
I want you to know that I love you.
I want you to promise me something.
I want you to remember this moment.
I want you to see what you've done.
I want you to stop looking for Tom.
I wanted to buy you something nice.
I wanted to make sure Tom was here.
I wanted to retire three years ago.
I wanted Tom to drive me to school.
I'd like a copy of the autopsy report.
I'd like to welcome you all aboard.
I'd like you to answer my question.
I'd like you to postpone your trip.
I'd like you to sing a song for me.
I'd like your permission to use it.
I'll be whatever you want me to be.
I'll go wherever you want me to go.
I'm not sure I want to do anything.
I'm not sure I want to do this now.
I'm not sure I'd want to live here.
I'm not sure Tom wants to go there.
I'm sure you don't want to do that.
If you want any help, just call me.
Is that what you really want to do?
Is there anything you want to know?
Is there somebody you want to call?
Is there something you want to ask?
Is there something you want to say?
Is this really what you want to do?
Mary wanted Tom to carry her books.
Neither of us wants to get married.
No one here seems to want our help.
That's exactly what I want to know.
That's not how I want things to be.
That's the last thing I want to do.
The police want to interrogate Tom.
There's so much I want to show you.
There's so much I want to tell you.
There's someone I want you to meet.
They want me to organize the party.
They want us to come in right away.
They're back where they want to be.
This is someone I want you to meet.
Tom didn't want to live any longer.
Tom doesn't really want me to come.
Tom doesn't want to live like that.
Tom isn't going to want to do that.
Tom really doesn't want to be here.
Tom really doesn't want to do this.
Tom wanted me to hold that for him.
Tom wanted to buy Mary a new scarf.
Tom wanted to protect the innocent.
Tom wants me to give you a message.
Tom wants me to leave, but I won't.
Tom wants to call off the marriage.
Tom wants to go shopping with Mary.
Tom wants to kiss Mary at midnight.
Tom wants to learn more about Mary.
Tom wants to say yes, but he can't.
Tom wants you to take us to school.
Tom, I want you to close your eyes.
Tom, I want you to handle this one.
Wait. I want to show you something.
Wait. I want to tell you something.
We don't want to cause any trouble.
We don't want to do anything hasty.
We don't want to take the time now.
We don't want you to hurt yourself.
We just want you to tell the truth.
We want you to be the team captain.
We wouldn't want to disappoint Tom.
We're going to want to talk to Tom.
What did you want to see Tom about?
What do you want me to do about it?
What do you want me to do with Tom?
What do you want the message to be?
What exactly do you want Tom to do?
Why did you want to come back here?
Why do you want me to wait in here?
Why do you want to dress like that?
Why don't you want to wear a dress?
Why would anybody want to hurt Tom?
Why would anybody want to kill you?
Why would you want to go to Boston?
Would you like to be my apprentice?
Would you like to hang out with us?
You don't really want that, do you?
You don't want to do anything rash.
You don't want to go in there, Tom.
You don't want to see this, do you?
You may eat as much as you want to.
You might not want to mention that.
You might want to tell that to Tom.
You probably just want to be alone.
You want me to help you, don't you?
Do you want Tom to be good or don't you?
Linguists' help needed.
I'd have had a heart attack and died.
I very nearly had a heart attack and died.
You'll give me a heart attack.
Dawn, to the the poet Yeats, is "the brightening air."
When you hear "clan and sept," you should think "all the relatives since forever and some of the allies, too."
Do not put this wet towel into the bag.
The whole power structure is tottering.
Esperanto sentence structure (i.e., word order) is extremely flexible and diverse.
A vector is a unit vector if its norm is 1.
C structures allow the grouping of scalar variables, such as the coordinates of a point.
Music can be defined as the art of producing emotion by the combination of sounds.
Distinguishing Truth from everything else is a theme filling many pages in the history of philosophy.
This story belongs clearly to no genre.
Ya hafta smell the roses.
Thou shouldst smell the roses.
Thinking is something we all do, but defining exactly what thought is is no simple matter.
Mine eyes gaze at thine metallic chalice.
I buy silver from a man who owns a mine.
Spread the news!
This September was very rainy.
That's no way to behave.
I also think that someone is sure to use it for selfish and not purely altruistic ends.
He's Hungarian.
I was very glad to see him return.
I was very glad to see him come back.
I was very glad to see him go back.
This is a good handbook.
Like I care!
Find the differences.
Though the best be in sight, / It's the worst I grip tight.
We saw the children playing.
Because of him the music world was changed forever.
Shall we pull a gag?
Right now I just want to cry.
Yesterday's past when dawn comes at last.
Tom's a dope.
There is but her womb ... and the baby within.
I am the youngest of five children.
Go fix the hot-water bottle.
Go fill the ice pack.
Go and get the money ready.
Newts and salamanders, unlike frogs and toads, keep their tails as adults.
That emir is very rich.
Peeing sitting down is not all that bad.
Maybe I should have left more space on the left, where the model is looking.
The lock will have to be broken.
My brain is being crushed.
She acts mysterious.
Someone will do this job.
All I want is a chance to apologize.
Are you saying you don't want to go?
Do you really want me to spy on Tom?
Do you really want to dance with me?
Do you really want Tom on your team?
Do you want me to explain it to you?
Do you want me to help you find Tom?
Do you want me to shuffle the cards?
Do you want me to stay or don't you?
Do you want me to take a look at it?
Do you want me to watch Tom for you?
Do you want something bad to happen?
Do you want this mission to succeed?
Do you want to buy something or not?
Do you want to give it another shot?
Do you want to go to Harvard or not?
Do you want to know who I really am?
Do you want to learn to play guitar?
Do you want to talk about it at all?
Do you want to talk about something?
Do you want to tell me about it now?
Do you want to tell me who that was?
Do you want to tell me who they are?
Do you want to tell Tom or should I?
Everybody wants Tom to be convicted.
I didn't say I didn't want you here.
I didn't want to hurt your feelings.
I didn't want to rush into anything.
I didn't want to waste so much time.
I didn't want Tom to get in trouble.
I didn't want Tom worrying about me.
I don't even want to think about it.
I don't know if I want to marry Tom.
I don't want to discuss my problems.
I don't want to go jogging with you.
I don't want to go without you, Tom.
I don't want to have to hurt anyone.
I don't want to hear about it again.
I don't want to love Mary, but I do.
I don't want to make anyone unhappy.
I don't want to see your face again.
I don't want to talk about this now.
I don't want to talk to you anymore.
I don't want to waste a moment more.
I don't want to wear out my welcome.
I don't want Tom giving Mary advice.
I don't want Tom to be disappointed.
I don't want Tom to know about this.
I don't want Tom to think I'm crazy.
I have something I want to show you.
I just don't want to fight with you.
I just want to put it all behind me.
I just want to put it all behind us.
I just want to say that I was wrong.
I just want to see what will happen.
I just want you to think about that.
I just wanted to tell Tom something.
I know Tom wants to make Mary happy.
I know you want to keep it a secret.
I really do want you to talk to Tom.
I really want to get this work done.
I really want you guys to get along.
I think I want to stay in the house.
I think Tom wants me to go with him.
I think you know where I want to go.
I think you might want to hear this.
I thought you might want to see Tom.
I told you I didn't want to do this.
I want my dinner brought to my room.
I want my parents to be proud of me.
I want to be here when Tom wakes up.
I want to find out why Tom hit Mary.
I want to go back to the way it was.
I want to know exactly how Tom died.
I want to know exactly what you did.
I want to know the moment Tom calls.
I want to know what's going on here.
I want to know what's on that train.
I want to know where Tom comes from.
I want to pretend it never happened.
I want to take a nice long vacation.
I want to talk about something else.
I want Tom to be here for Christmas.
I want Tom to say that he was wrong.
I want you in my office in one hour.
I want you to leave my family alone.
I want you to meet a friend of mine.
I want you to stop this immediately.
I wanted to make sure you were here.
I wanted to tell you how sorry I am.
I wanted Tom to see me in this suit.
I wanted you to know Tom will be OK.
I wouldn't want to be an imposition.
I wouldn't want to keep Tom waiting.
I wouldn't want to see Tom get hurt.
I wouldn't want to see you get hurt.
I'd like it very much if you'd stay.
I'd like some time to talk with Tom.
I'd like you to come back next week.
I'd like you to have dinner with me.
I'll tell you what you want to know.
I'm not sure I want you to see this.
If you don't want me to go, I won't.
If you don't want to do it, it's OK.
If you want to be alone, I'll leave.
Is that really what you want to ask?
It's not like I don't want to do it.
Just how far back do you want to go?
Just tell me what you want me to do.
Maybe Tom didn't want to bother you.
Maybe Tom doesn't want you to worry.
So, what did you want to talk about?
So, what do you want to do tomorrow?
Tell me what you want for Christmas.
There's somebody I want you to meet.
They all want to know what happened.
They don't want to do it themselves.
Tom doesn't really want your advice.
Tom doesn't want to discourage Mary.
Tom doesn't want to talk about this.
Tom doesn't want to talk to anybody.
Tom doesn't want you to go, does he?
Tom has everything a boy could want.
Tom has everything a man could want.
Tom wanted me to get things started.
Tom wanted me to sit down and relax.
Tom wanted me to tell you something.
Tom wanted to bring home a souvenir.
Tom wanted you to see it right away.
Tom wants to ask us a few questions.
Tom wants to buy a present for Mary.
Tom wants to talk about the project.
Tom, I want to have a talk with you.
We didn't want to begin without you.
What do they want to talk to me for?
What do you want me to do with this?
What do you want that old thing for?
What do you want to protect us from?
What does the doctor want me to eat?
What I want is some peace and quiet.
What you want doesn't really matter.
Who wants to work on a Friday night?
Why didn't you want to go to Boston?
Why do you want Tom to talk to Mary?
Why would somebody want to kill Tom?
Why would Tom want to work for Mary?
Why would you want to give Tom that?
Would you like me to proofread this?
You didn't want Tom to die, did you?
You don't want to go down this road.
You don't want to know what I think.
You know this isn't where I want to be.
You might want to call a lawyer now.
You obviously want to be left alone.
You seem to want to know what to do.
She was in France.
He told his story in tears.
Your name says everything.
A huge waterspout has formed.
Here lives one bear.
All I want is what's rightfully mine.
Are you sure you don't want anything?
Are you sure you don't want to drive?
Are you sure you want to go with Tom?
Can you do that whenever you want to?
Do you really want to move to Boston?
Do you want me to bring you anything?
Do you want me to give Tom something?
Do you want me to help you with that?
Do you want some coffee or something?
Do you want to go to a movie tonight?
Do you want to go to the gym with me?
Do you want to grab something to eat?
Do you want to know what I would say?
Do you want to make some money today?
Do you want to talk about the affair?
Do you want to talk about the matter?
Do you want to tell me what happened?
Don't you want to ask me what I want?
Don't you want to know what happened?
How do you know I even want that job?
How much healthier do you want to be?
How much do you want for all this stuff?
I didn't want to do it, but I had to.
I didn't want to go to the reception.
I didn't want to tell Tom about this.
I do want to know what you found out.
I don't even want to think about why.
I don't ever want to leave this room.
I don't want anyone to know I'm here.
I don't want spaghetti again tonight.
I don't want to be late for the show.
I don't want to be like this anymore.
I don't want to discuss this anymore.
I don't want to do what I need to do.
I don't want to force you to do that.
I don't want to get involved in this.
I don't want to go over it all again.
I don't want to go to lunch with Tom.
I don't want to live my life in fear.
I don't want to lose you as a friend.
I don't want to see you disappointed.
I don't want to talk about my dreams.
I don't want Tom to see me like this.
I have something I want to say first.
I just don't want to do that anymore.
I just want to do what I can to help.
I just want to know if you're hungry.
I just want to say thanks to you all.
I know you don't want that to happen.
I know you want to tell me something.
I really don't want to talk about it.
I said I don't want to talk about it.
I think what you want is to be alone.
I thought you didn't want the reward.
I thought you might want to see this.
I want a list of all Tom's relatives.
I want credit for the work I've done.
I want to hear the rest of the story.
I want to help Tom as much as you do.
I want to know how you feel about it.
I want to know why you're doing this.
I want to make sure nothing's broken.
I want to share my thoughts with you.
I want to talk to Tom and I mean now!
I want to tell Tom about the book.
I want Tom here first thing tomorrow.
I want Tom to stay as much as you do.
I want you to consider this proposal.
I want you to take this medicine now.
I'd like a glass of red wine, please.
I'd like to hire you as a consultant.
I'm not even sure I want to help you.
I've got something I want you to try.
If that's what you want to do, do it.
If you don't want to go, just say so.
If you don't want to know, don't ask.
If you want me to stay, just tell me.
If you want me to stay, then tell me.
If you want to come over, call first.
If you want to kiss me, then kiss me.
Is that what you want me to tell Tom?
Isn't there anything you want to say?
It's not something I want to discuss.
Just what do you want me to find out?
Right now, I simply want to be alone.
Tell Tom I don't want to talk to him.
That's exactly what I want you to do.
That's what they want you to believe.
There's nothing I want to say to you.
There's something I want to tell you.
There's something I want you to hear.
There's something I want you to know.
They just want an excuse to fire you.
This old car is yours if you want it.
Tom clearly doesn't want to be there.
Tom didn't want Mary to go to Boston.
Tom doesn't want to go home with you.
Tom doesn't want to see Mary anymore.
Tom just doesn't want to get married.
Tom only wants to play his own music.
Tom really didn't want to go to jail.
Tom said you'd want to talk with him.
Tom thinks you want me to pay for it.
Tom wants to continue working for us.
Tom wants to have a meeting with you.
Tom wants to meet you in the library.
Tom wants you in the conference room.
We all want the same thing to happen.
We don't want anyone to find us here.
We thought you might want to join us.
We want Tom to know he can come home.
We wanted to give Tom one more chance.
What else do you want me to tell Tom?
What exactly is it you want me to do?
What exactly is it you want us to do?
What made you want to move to Boston?
What you want doesn't matter anymore.
Whatever you want us to do, we'll do.
Which hat do you want to give to Tom?
Why did Tom want you to talk to Mary?
Why did you want to become a teacher?
Why would Tom want to tell Mary that?
Why would you want to live in Boston?
Would you like to take some time off?
You didn't want to be there, did you?
You don't seem to want me to say yes.
You might want to bring Tom with you.
You might want to steer clear of Tom.
You obviously want to buy that dress.
You really want to talk about it now?
You wanted me to get a job, so I did.
He has a penchant for whistling at pretty ladies he sees on the street.
I am definitely getting the least enjoyment out of my book.
She's a drama queen.
As soon as the results are made public, I'll let you know.
When the results are made public, I'll let you know.
Why do you have such a restricted imagination?
"Where are you?" "I'm here!"
Hotly debated topics: proactive stance against discrimination and school busing.
Where are you in the world?
Where you are is not just your physical environment.
My car needs to be washed.
How did she get into that class?
Today is International Day Against Homophobia.
There's a widespread delirium.
He bought a Wii U.
Let's play a trivia game.
The kids are playing Duck Hunt.
He went duck hunting.
You need the light gun to play Duck Hunt.
She's playing Super Mario Bros.
You need to save the princess.
He reached the last level.
His health is improving.
Her health is improving.
Have you played The Legend of Zelda?
My career is on the line.
His career is on the line.
Her career is on the line.
That's how the pros do it.
It's not impossible.
It's not legally binding.
I can't see through walls.
Superman can see through walls.
She says that she can see through walls.
The cat is stuck in the tree.
My cat got stuck up a tree.
Can Superman also see through clothes?
This scanner can see through clothes.
There are full body scanners at this airport.
I have to buy a new scanner.
Some claim that full-body scanners violate the Fourth Amendment.
Full body scanners perform a virtual strip search.
He's nothing more than a common thug.
Watch your back.
Watch my back.
He's incredibly stupid.
She's unbelievably stupid.
Koalas are cute.
I look older.
This movie is incredibly stupid.
You're a fucking idiot!
She's not stupid.
She's a dumb blonde.
I'm not sure what he was thinking.
I'm not sure what she was thinking.
I'm not sure what I was thinking.
I'm not sure what you were thinking.
You need to be patient.
You need to be more patient.
You need to be careful.
You can't stop progress.
Can I try it?
It was a stupid idea.
I'm not worried about him.
I'm not worried about her.
I'm not worried about them.
I'm worried about her.
I'm worried about them.
He's allergic to cats.
She's allergic to cats.
I don't work here.
I'm only doing this for your own good.
I only did it for your own good.
He has a body to die for.
She has a body to die for.
The last couple of weeks have been crazy!
This doesn't mean anything.
Does anyone know what misandry is?
Is it safe?
It doesn't hurt at all.
The nurse hit a blood vessel.
She wants to look younger.
He wants to marry my daughter.
She had a facelift.
She uses Botox.
You don't look your age.
Who doesn't want to look young and sexy?
He's a successful banker.
She's young and sexy.
He's sexy and muscular.
It happens all the time.
He got a D.
She got an A.
She caught me off-guard.
He caught me off-guard.
You caught me off-guard.
He was the only man.
I was the only man.
She was the only woman.
I was the only woman.
It's not out yet.
Am I disturbing something?
Am I disturbing anything?
That's very thoughtful.
He wants to save the planet.
She wants to save the planet.
It's rather ironic.
She wants to marry a millionaire.
It's just a formality.
You're not welcome here.
He enjoys horseback riding.
She enjoys dancing and horseback riding.
Are you still interested?
Is he still interested?
Is she still interested?
She went horse-riding this morning.
I don't think it's true.
What the hell are you doing in here?
I owe him one.
I owe her one.
Don't tease me.
Stop teasing me.
It's because she loves me.
It's because he loves me.
It's because I love you.
It's because I love him.
It's because I love her.
I'm sorry about yesterday.
Is this fake?
He's love struck.
She rolled her eyes.
He rolled his eyes.
It caught me by surprise.
You are persona non grata.
We should all help provide starving people with food.
Tom, would you please give these starving people something to eat?
What is "man"?
When people believed that there couldn't be anything stranger than Volapük, Esperanto emerged.
When people assumed that nothing stranger than Volapük could exist, Esperanto emerged.
I'm sorely puzzled.
If all the year were a holiday, having fun would be as tedious as working.
I'll steal your mobile phone!
It never cut the mustard.
We ate at many good restaurants, but your food was the best of all!
It's a mixture of ceramics, porcelain, stoneware, and earthenware.
He wrote a small book on china.
She wrote a small book on china.
Is this list reliable?
It's Tatoeba.
This is Tatoeba.
That is Tatoeba.
I've been a member of this organization for five years. Oh wait, no. Six.
The harmonic series is divergent.
He can stay here for one night, no longer.
And who are you working for these days?
When he came to, he was tied to a chair in the basement.
After the war, he managed to escape to South America.
I'll assemble a file for you.
Someone stole my dartboard.
You have something of a reputation.
Remove your coat and empty your pockets.
Keep him under watch.
Are you sure we've never met before?
One never knows whom one might run into.
You'll get half the money now, and the other half on completion of the job.
Consider it an emergency.
We need something a bit more subtle.
Don't worry, I'm going to help you.
Have you told any of this to the police?
Search everyone who comes into this room.
I'm capable of dealing with problems like this myself.
My opinions differ from those of most of the students in the class.
I'll be grateful if you can do that for me.
I'll be grateful to you if you can do that for me.
If you could do that for me, I'd appreciate it.
I'll be glad to drink a glass of champagne.
Humans are the only living creatures that make use of fire.
He gets on my nerves.
They sell that at a hardware store.
That is sold at hardware stores.
I lived in the US from till 2011.
She eats but white meat.
We are come to give ear to truth.
She eats but very little.
She eats but little flesh of any kind.
She eats but little.
Tom doesn't eat much.
Tom hardly eats anything.
Tom doesn't eat much meat.
Many's the time my mates were so yarn-hungry they had me falling asleep in the middle of a tale, halfway through a sentence, between syllables.
The good I would, I do not: the evil I would not, that I do.
She's fucked up.
I'm fucked up.
Tom doesn't eat any meat.
Tom doesn't eat any dark meat.
Tom only eats white meat.
Tom eats nothing but white meat.
Tom doesn't eat dark meat.
If you will suffer my pontificating further, most native English speakers, most of the time, will use shorter words, even when that means using more.
It is better not to imagine such a thing.
He was a general in WWII.
I bear good news.
Please give me something cold.
In reality, the explanation is a bit more complicated than this, but you get the gist.
As you contribute more sentences to the Tatoeba Corpus in your native language, the percentage of sentences in your native language with errors will likely decrease.
It may be impossible to get a completely error-free corpus due to the nature of this kind of collaborative effort. However, if we encourage members to contribute sentences in their own languages rather than experiment in languages they are learning, we might be able to minimize errors.
Most native patterns, presented to most native speakers, would elicit: "I've never heard that."
Most English words are unknown to most English speakers.
Unsupported first-impression negative opinions are of small value.
Let us make an effort -in parallel with our efforts to identify ungrammatical English sentences- not to lose through neglect our patrimony.
Let us not forget that many of Shakespeare's words -aye, and patterns, too- were by him coined.
Neither the lexicon nor the pattern-book of English is closed.
I need to learn Japanese.
What does it take in these brave new days to keep word or pattern alive? You need but use it where gleaners can find it.
The number of English words exceeds twenty times Shakespeare's prodigious vocabulary.
It's hard to believe, but Tom is cheating on you!
I am looking for someone to share knowledge with.
My major points of interest are: programming in Python, medicine, mathematics and computer games.
Two is a couple, three is a crowd.
I steeled myself before getting the injection.
Death comes in many guises, but the end result is always the same.
If something is good, then more of it must be better.
Her footsteps fell ponderously on the wooden floor.
They claimed that my name had been inadvertently eliminated from the voter registration list.
Your feedback is important and it will help us to know how we can provide the best service possible.
I wonder if he is your brother.
No wonder he died young.
Somehow, I knew you would make it.
Don't doubt his words.
You are playing hard-to-get.
The upper reaches of the river are very beautiful.
Are you lying to me?
What is the purpose of life?
It's an American company.
It's a Chinese company.
It uses solar power.
He works for an American company.
She missed her flight.
He missed his flight.
What is the meaning of life?
It's not illegal.
I will survive.
He will survive.
She will survive.
Your cat will survive.
They will survive.
Love will survive.
Sugar draws ants.
That song is catchy.
Tokyo is Japan's most important and modern city.
Tomorrow I will go to Paris by car.
I live in Malta.
Zero, one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten.
I will never forget this night!
Can you explain to me why you refused their offer?
I want to call him. Do you have his number?
A cold wind is blowing.
What is the price of peace?
He is a scholar and a musician simultaneously.
Look at me and listen to me.
You can choose whatever name you like for the two types of government. I personally call the type of government which can be removed without violence "democracy", and the other "tyranny".
Clothes make people, rags make lice.
The notice sent to the supplier of goods to the buyer, that his order is executed.
It is probably a machine translation.
Are you sure you want me to sell this?
Come on. I want to show you something.
Did you want to go to Boston with Tom?
Do any of you guys want anything else?
Do you really want me to go right now?
Do you want me to teach you that song?
Do you want me to turn off the lights?
Do you want some sugar in your coffee?
Do you want to come back to my office?
Do you want to come to Boston with me?
Do you want to get out of here or not?
Do you want to go out with me tonight?
Do you want to go tell Tom about this?
Do you want to go to a museum with me?
Do you want to know why I lied to Tom?
Do you want to see what else I've got?
Do you want to sit next to the window?
Do you want to watch this movie again?
Don't you think I want to believe you?
Don't you want to know who I was with?
Don't you want to know why I did that?
First, I want you to apologize to Tom.
I assume you wouldn't want to do that?
I didn't want to postpone our meeting.
I didn't want to ruin the day for you.
I didn't want Tom to stay at my place.
I don't even want to know who you are.
I don't even want to think about that.
I don't really want to see you suffer.
I don't really want to talk about that.
I don't think I want to talk about it.
I don't want anybody talking about me.
I don't want anybody writing about me.
I don't want anyone to play my guitar.
I don't want someone else. I want you.
I don't want to buy a newspaper today.
I don't want to buy any cookies today.
I don't want to deviate from the plan.
I don't want to get anyone in trouble.
I don't want to give the wrong answer.
I don't want to go through this again.
I don't want to go to Boston with you.
I don't want to go to school tomorrow.
I don't want to go to sleep right now.
I don't want to hear about it anymore.
I don't want to hear any of your lies.
I don't want to remember Tom that way.
I don't want to talk about it anymore.
I don't want Tom to come to our party.
I don't want you to get your hopes up.
I don't want you to give me any money.
I don't want you to know my real name.
I guess Tom didn't want to bother you.
I haven't decided yet if I want to go.
I just don't want anybody to get hurt.
I just don't want our luck to run out.
I just don't want to see you get hurt.
I just thought you might want to talk.
I just want to ask you some questions.
I just want to get a little fresh air.
I just want to hear you talk about it.
I just want to look at it, that's all.
I just want to make sure we all agree.
I just want to say that I believe you.
I just want to say you did a good job.
I really don't want to disappoint Tom.
I really truly don't want to hurt Tom.
I told you that I didn't want a party.
I want a better look at this document.
I want a copy of Tom's daily schedule.
I want a lawyer who can speak English.
I want back what you've taken from me.
I want the two of you to quit arguing.
I want to ask you one simple question.
I want to borrow your car for an hour.
I want to find out where it came from.
I want to find Tom as badly as you do.
I want to kill Tom before he kills me.
I want to know what this is all about.
I want to know what you see right now.
I want to know what you're doing here.
I want to know what's happened to Tom.
I want to see if he really fixed this.
I want to sleep in my own bed tonight.
I want to take care of Tom personally.
I want to talk to you about this list.
I want you to get a good night's rest.
I want you to give Tom another chance.
I want you to help me get out of here.
I want you to know that I believe you.
I want you to meet my new friend, Tom.
I want you to run to the store for me.
I want you to send this report to Tom.
I want you to take a good look around.
I want you to tell me about your trip.
I wanted to do something nice for you.
I wanted you to see Tom one last time.
I won't do that unless you want me to.
I'd like to set up a meeting with Tom.
I'd like Tom's opinion on this matter.
I'd like you to meet a friend of mine.
I'd like you to tell me what happened.
I'll let Tom know you want to see him.
I'll take you anywhere you want to go.
Is that what you think I want to hear?
Is there anything you want to tell me?
Is there somebody you want to talk to?
Is there something you want to ask me?
Let's hurry. We don't want to be late.
Mary wants both a career and a family.
That's why I didn't want to come here.
They just want someone they can blame.
Tom didn't want Mary to speak to John.
Tom didn't want to leave empty-handed.
Tom doesn't want to be sent to prison.
Tom doesn't want to see you right now.
Tom doesn't want to wait for anything.
Tom may not want you back in his life.
Tom said more than Mary wanted him to.
Tom says he doesn't want to hurt Mary.
Tom wanted to say more, but he didn't.
Tom wants a progress report right now.
Tom wants Mary to stay away from John.
Tom wants Mary to use her imagination.
Tom wants someone to close the window.
Tom wants to see you immediately, sir.
Tom wants to throw it across the room.
Tom would like Mary to be on his team.
Tom would like Mary to be on the team.
Tom, I want you to stay with the kids.
We almost got them where we want them.
We don't want anyone asking questions.
We finally have you where we want you.
What didn't Tom want you to tell Mary?
What I want to know is how to do this.
What is it you really want to tell me?
What makes you think I want your help?
Where do you want us to start looking?
Who wouldn't want to go out with Mary?
Why on earth do you want to know that?
Why would somebody want to live there?
Why wouldn't Tom want me at his party?
You didn't want me to starve, did you?
You don't want to tell me why, do you?
You may want to take a few steps back.
You might want to discuss it with Tom.
You might want to take a look at this.
You probably don't want to talk to me.
You really want to do this, don't you?
You want something from me, don't you?
You're not going to want to miss this.
Quit behaving like a kid.
Stop acting like a child.
Stop acting like a baby.
Quit acting like a baby.
She has a headache.
I Pepsi challenge you to tell the difference!
All I really want to do is talk to Tom.
All we want to do is sit down and rest.
Are you sure you don't want me to help?
Are you sure you don't want me to stay?
Are you sure you don't want some juice?
Are you sure you don't want to come in?
Are you sure you don't want to do this?
Are you sure you don't want to join me?
Are you sure you don't want to keep it?
But now Tom says he doesn't want to go.
Did you want to see me about something?
Do you really want me to give a speech?
Do you want to go back to the hospital?
Do you want to go get something to eat?
Do you want to go to the opera with me?
Do you want to hear about what Tom did?
Do you want to know what this is about?
Do you want to see where Tom is buried?
Don't do anything you don't want to do.
Don't you want to know where I'm going?
Don't you want to know where it's from?
Don't you want to sit in the front, Tom?
Don't you want to talk to Tom about it?
I assumed that's what you'd want to do.
I definitely want my diamond ring back.
I didn't think you'd want to miss this.
I don't want anyone to know about this.
I don't want anything to happen to you.
I don't want to be part of the problem.
I don't want to be the bad guy anymore.
I don't want to buy anything like that.
I don't want to cause any more trouble.
I don't want to do any of those things.
I don't want to feel like this anymore.
I don't want to fight about this again.
I don't want to have to warn you again.
I don't want to live my life like this.
I don't want to make this all about me.
I don't want to stay here anymore, Tom.
I don't want to step on anybody's toes.
I don't want to take advantage of them.
I don't want to talk about it with you.
I don't want to think about it anymore.
I don't want to torment you any longer.
I don't want you to get the wrong idea.
I don't want you to overexert yourself.
I guess Tom just doesn't want to leave.
I have a message I want you to deliver.
I just didn't want to take any chances.
I just don't want to be reminded of it.
I just don't want to do that right now.
I just don't want to get your hopes up.
I just don't want you to catch my cold.
I just don't want your dog in my house.
I just want to ask Tom a few questions.
I just want to ask you a few questions.
I just want to hear you say that again.
I just want you to know how sorry I am.
I just wanted to see how Tom was doing.
I know we wouldn't want Tom doing that.
I really don't want to go back to jail.
I think what you want is in the drawer.
I thought that's what you'd want to do.
I want a jump rope with wooden handles.
I want everything to go back to normal.
I want to be your ally, not your enemy.
I want to do something special for Tom.
I want to introduce you to some people.
I want to know how you feel about this.
I want to know what I can do right now.
I want to know where they've taken Tom.
I want to see what's on the other side.
I want to talk to you about last night.
I want Tom to have a job that he loves.
I want Tom to know we mean him no harm.
I want very much for you to understand.
I want you to be nice to Tom this time.
I want you to have a job that you love.
I want you to have my land after I die.
I want you to know I tried to stop Tom.
I want you to know that Tom's doing OK.
I want you to know Tom did a great job.
I want you to know you did a great job.
I want you to look at something for me.
I want you to reconsider your decision.
I want you to stay right where you are.
I want you to teach Tom how to do that.
I wanted to make sure there was enough.
I wanted to see if Tom needed any help.
I wanted to write myself a little note.
I wanted to write something meaningful.
I'd like a chance to make myself clear.
I'd like everyone to wear nice clothes.
I'd like permission to borrow your car.
I'd like this done as soon as possible.
I'd like to be measured for a new suit.
I'd like to sign up for the track team.
I'd like you to tell me about yourself.
I'd want someone to tell me what to do.
I'll do that for you if you want me to.
I'm not sure I want Tom working for us.
In any case, I don't want you to worry.
In fact, I don't want to know anything.
Is there anything you want to say, Tom?
Is there something you want to tell us?
It's not that I don't want to help you.
Look, I don't want you to say anything.
Look, I want to be straight about this.
Look, I want you to get me out of here.
So, what do you want us to do about it?
That's exactly what they want us to do.
That's really all I want to say to you.
They all want to talk about Tom's book.
They don't want to do it by themselves.
They just don't want us going in there.
They want to thank us for watching Tom.
Tom doesn't want to do this on his own.
Tom doesn't want to see you ever again.
Tom doesn't want to talk about it here.
Tom has everything a person could want.
Tom wanted another piece of watermelon.
Tom wanted everyone to think he'd died.
Tom wanted his son to live in the city.
Tom wanted me to be something I wasn't.
Tom wanted to give Mary another chance.
Tom wanted to keep Mary all to himself.
Tom wanted you to think he'd left town.
Tom wants me to take Mary to the party.
Tom wants to get a tattoo on his chest.
Tom wants you to ask him to your party.
Tom, I have someone I want you to meet.
Tom, I want you to do something for me.
We don't want to cause you any trouble.
What could you possibly want with that?
What did you want to see me about, Tom?
What kind of teacher do you want to be?
What makes you think I want a new oboe?
What makes you think I want to do that?
What time tomorrow do you want to meet?
What Tom wants to do isn't a good idea.
What was it you wanted to ask me to do?
Why would anybody want you as a friend?
Why would I want to spy on Tom for you?
Would you like to come over for dinner?
You don't know how bad I want to leave.
You don't really want this job, do you?
You don't seem to want to come with us.
You don't want to be late for practice.
You don't want to go to prison, do you?
You don't want to point that gun at me.
You probably don't want Tom to do that.
You want to get out of here, don't you?
You'll want to look your best tomorrow.
I need a room for two people.
All I want is a chance to say I'm sorry.
Are you sure you really want to be here?
Are you sure you really want to do that?
Are you sure you want to part with that?
Come here. I want to show you something.
Do you really want to know what I think?
Do you really want to send Mary flowers?
Do you want me to go talk to Tom myself?
Do you want me to look into that matter?
Do you want me to take care of your dog?
Do you want people to think you're weak?
Do you want some time to think about it?
Do you want to go grab a bite somewhere?
Do you want to talk about what happened?
Don't you want everything to be perfect?
Don't you want to know what I was doing?
I didn't want anyone to know I was here.
I didn't want to make you uncomfortable.
I didn't want to see Tom get hurt again.
I didn't want Tom to get in any trouble.
I didn't want Tom to think I was stupid.
I didn't want you to find out like this.
I don't really want to be all by myself.
I don't want anybody watching what I do.
I don't want to have to worry about you.
I don't want to sit next to Tom tonight.
I don't want Tom and Mary to see me cry.
I don't want Tom to know that right now.
I don't want you to feel like prisoners.
I don't want you to hurt yourself again.
I have something I want you to consider.
I just want an affordable place to live.
I just want to know how far we're going.
I just want to say I'm glad you're here.
I just want you to tell me where Tom is.
I just want you to tell me why you lied.
I know exactly who Tom wants me to meet.
I know you don't want to disappoint Tom.
I never thought I'd want to buy an iPad.
I really don't want to sit in that room.
I want a list of everyone in this class.
I want an explanation and I want it now.
I want everyone to bring their children.
I want life to be the way it was before.
I want some answers and I want them now.
I want to do what's best for both of us.
I want to find a way for us to be happy.
I want to find out who broke the window.
I want to find someplace quiet to study.
I want to get married and have children.
I want to go over a few things with you.
I want to hear anything you have to say.
I want to hear what everyone has to say.
I want to help you get out of this mess.
I want to know where they hid the money.
I want to speak to the person in charge.
I want to talk to you about this report.
I want to thank Tom for paying my bills.
I want Tom to know what really happened.
I want you to give Tom something for me.
I want you to keep an eye on Tom for me.
I want you to know what really happened.
I want you to lie still for a few hours.
I want you to not go to Boston with Tom.
I want you to put in a good word for me.
I wanted Mary to love me instead of Tom.
I wanted to talk to Tom about something.
I wanted to talk to you about something.
I wouldn't want anyone to read my diary.
I'd like to buy a birthday cake for Tom.
I'll tell you anything you want to know.
I'll tell you whatever you want to know.
I'm not sure I want to give this to Tom.
If I want your opinion, I'll ask for it.
If you want me to, I'll do that for you.
If you want to go out with Tom, you can.
Is there anything else you want from me?
My mom doesn't want me to play with you.
So, what do you guys want to do tonight?
Tell Tom you want to go camping with us.
That's exactly what I want Tom to think.
Tom and Mary don't want to talk to John.
Tom didn't want Mary to see him smoking.
Tom didn't want me to sell my old truck.
Tom doesn't want anything to do with me.
Tom doesn't want Mary anywhere near him.
Tom doesn't want us to go to the police.
Tom may not want to go swimming with us.
Tom seems to want this as badly as I do.
Tom told me to do whatever I want to do.
Tom wanted me to go, so I went with him.
Tom wanted to dance with Mary all night.
Tom wants answers and he wants them now.
Tom wants to know when you're coming in.
We just want to ask Tom a few questions.
What did Tom want to talk to Mary about?
What time do you want me to pick you up?
Who in the world would want to kill Tom?
Why do you always seem to want to argue?
Why do you want to work for our company?
Why on earth would you want to go there?
Would anybody like to make a prediction?
Would you like me to draw you a diagram?
You don't want Tom to think you're poor.
You might want to give this back to Tom.
You said you wanted more responsibility.
You seem to want to take all the credit.
You want to know what I know, don't you?
You're going to want to take some notes.
Your mother and I want you to marry Tom.
Would you please do me the favor of going to the prom with me?
All I want is someone special in my life.
All I want to do now is get back to work.
Are you sure you don't want another soda?
Are you sure you don't want some of this?
Are you sure you want to hear about this?
Do you have any idea who'd want Tom dead?
Do you really want someone else to do it?
Do you want me to get you something else?
Do you want to continue living like this?
Do you want to do something about it now?
Do you want to go out on a date with Tom?
Do you want to know what your problem is?
Do you want to see something interesting?
How do you want to handle this situation?
I definitely want Tom to be here by 2:30.
I didn't want to give you the wrong idea.
I didn't want to risk a misunderstanding.
I didn't want to tell you over the phone.
I didn't want you to feel you were alone.
I don't know why Tom wants to talk to me.
I don't think Tom would really want that.
I don't think you really want to do that.
I don't want anyone to know where we are.
I don't want that kind of responsibility.
I don't want to be afraid of Tom anymore.
I don't want to be left here in the dark.
I don't want to feel that way ever again.
I don't want to take advantage of anyone.
I don't want to wait till the last minute.
I don't want you to tell this to anybody.
I have a few things I want to make clear.
I just don't want anyone to be mad at me.
I just don't want to say the wrong thing.
I just want everybody to like each other.
I just want to be left alone for a while.
I just want to make it home in one piece.
I just want to make sure it's not poison.
I just want to watch a little television.
I just want you to know that Tom is safe.
I just want you to remember this feeling.
I really didn't want to bother you again.
I really didn't want to go to work today.
I simply wanted to see what was going on.
I think Tom is going to want to see this.
I think Tom is going to want to sit down.
I think you might want to check this out.
I think you're going to want to see this.
I think you're going to want to sit down.
I thought you didn't want us to call Tom.
I told you I didn't want to go to Boston.
I want a cup of coffee and I want it now.
I want everything back to the way it was.
I want everything to work out just right.
I want my whole family to be proud of me.
I want to be sure I heard that correctly.
I want to be the one who makes you happy.
I want to be the one who makes you laugh.
I want to be with you more than anything.
I want to discuss this with your manager.
I want to give you the chance to do that.
I want to go over these numbers with you.
I want to know what's going on out there.
I want to know who threw the first punch.
I want to make one thing perfectly clear.
I want to sort this out once and for all.
I want to spend more time alone with you.
I want Tom to go get me something to eat.
I want Tom to think he's smarter than us.
I want what you owe me and I want it now.
I want you to get the help that you need.
I want you to go back over to other side.
I want you to go back to Boston tomorrow.
I want you to stay exactly where you are.
I want you to step back inside that room.
I wanted Tom to have a copy of my new novel.
I wanted Tom to know what happened to us.
I'd like a word with Tom concerning Mary.
I'd like to find out how this got broken.
I'd like you to take a look at something.
I'd like your report as soon as possible.
I'm going for a run. Do you want to come?
I'm sure Tom would want to hear from you.
I've got some things I want to do right now.
I've got something else I want you to do.
If it happens again, we want to be ready.
If you want your money back, just say so.
Isn't there anything you want to tell me?
It's just that I don't want to die today.
Maybe what I want doesn't matter anymore.
People believe what they want to believe.
Please just leave me alone. I want to think.
There are so many places I want to visit.
There's coffee over there if you want it.
There's somebody I want to talk to first.
There's something here I want you to see.
These are decisions I want to make alone.
Tom and Mary seem to really want to kiss.
Tom didn't want anything to do with Mary.
Tom didn't want to leave his dog with me.
Tom doesn't want to be touched by anyone.
Tom doesn't want to tell Mary everything.
Tom wanted to do something nice for Mary.
Tom wants Mary to know that he likes her.
Tom wants Mary to say that she needs him.
Tom wants us to mount the TV on the wall.
Tom won't leave if you don't want him to.
Tom's parents wanted him to study harder.
We don't want the bus leaving without us.
We don't want this to get damaged, do we?
We don't want to be the first ones there.
We don't want to create any new problems.
What does Tom want to talk to Mary about?
What happened that made you want to stay?
What happened that made you want to stop?
What makes you so sure Tom wants to stay?
What Tom wants to do isn't going to help.
What we want to do next is add some salt.
Which room do you want me to clean first?
Why do you want to be alone all the time?
Why would I want to have dinner with Tom?
Women don't usually want to talk with me.
Would you like me to make you a sandwich?
You don't really want to do this, do you?
You don't want me to miss my bus, do you?
You don't want to push yourself too hard.
How shall we find it?
We don't want the bus to leave without us.
She's very persnickety about her food.
The mosquitoes will eat you alive.
I sprayed insecticide on the outside of the mosquito net.
I lived those days in a hut on the beach.
She prefers white-sand beaches.
First, you must last.
They had holes in them when I got them.
Have you been poor?
We feel bad for them.
That smells good.
It's better to have God on your side than to get up early.
I read until the small hours of the morning.
The outlook is bleak.
If he hadn't been injured, he might have won.
Before I had eaten breakfast, I had run five miles.
We had to run the gauntlet of entrenched defenders.
It was an intricate scheme to defraud the rightful heirs.
Breathe, damn you!
If it falls tomorrow, it will have been going down for a week.
Fear left, hope came, and then the first real improvements began creeping in.
The recrudescence of his old complaint was disheartening.
He gets on my last nerve.
You've got some brass.
Fear no more the boss's bark, nor all the union steward's rages.
One does not forget one's place.
"Over and done with" means "finished."
Finish him off before he gets away.
Non sequitur is the last resort of the inane.
Boring is good: events are bad.
Leverage is to debt as lever is to what?
Have you ever had a lover who was never in the way?
The weeks flee like dreams.
From a walk in the park it turned into a descent into maelstrom followed by a dwindling spiral of inadequate resources and insufficient time.
When "alpha divides the product of beta and gamma" never fails to entail "alpha divides beta" or "alpha divides gamma," then alpha is prime.
Almost all real numbers are indescribable.
When the little boy was told by his mother, "We are here to help other people," he asked, "What are the other people for?"
To a mathematician, "almost all" means "all but finitely many."
"One swell foop" is a Spoonerism, "the flaw in the ointment" is a Farberism.
I can't be going fishing all the time, I have to bring home the bacon.
A well-used creel might better not be picked as a picnic hamper.
Wax adds a look of depth to any finish.
New lovers are wretched company.
The cruise for M.I.T. alumni was called "A Ship of Tools."
Graceful degradation is a close second to robustness.
If it's too heavy, add lightness.
Of the floor, sticky from the party, one said, "Flock it."
The constituents of a word salad are neither random nor unrelated, but connected by a net so torn that only detours remain passable.
Bad promises are better broken than kept.
Still still is the pond I remember.
Though worried and harried and tried, he won through at the last.
Shoemaker, stick to your last.
The sanctuary is before; and the thief, behind.
A nap would be good.
Candy is dandy, but liquor is quicker.
He's a caution when liquored.
Physics is concerned with only the simplest cases.
Despite Hippocrates' very first exhortation, the history of medicine abounds in needless torture and bad counsel.
English abounds in words like "polydipsiac": never used, but ready to spring into existence when required.
Learn this: a steep curve betokens a large change in output for a small change in input.
When you are caught on the horns of a dilemma, think of the frescoes of Knossos.
Have you never felt fettered by a bond of love?
I was in love with this picture the moment I saw it. It's a masterpiece.
To tear away from his dream world and, doing the daily needful, to step into reality was for Tom increasingly painful.
Steadily, as Tom's fantasy life grew, his connections to reality withered.
Tom's capacity to distinguish imagined from real was gone.
Tom thought he was surrounded at night by threatening spirits.
Tom suffered from the delusion that strangers could hear his thoughts. Of course that's nonsense.
Tom was obsessed by the belief that, one by one, everyone around him was being abducted and replaced by aliens.
Making babies is not hard labor.
Each, however wise, harbors a bit of fool.
Love without sorrow cannot be.
Hens don't fly over walls.
A tiny spark may become a great conflagration.
A poisoned cherry may kill a duke.
To lead a prince astray is to poison the wells of his lands.
There is no honor in taking an enemy with poison.
Overmuch is bitter, even of pure honey.
Pickles given beat honey that's bought.
When honey is there, stingers are near.
I want to buy a dozen bananas.
I want to buy a dozen eggs.
I want to buy a dozen donuts.
I want to buy a dozen doughnuts.
Every step in the experiment was deliberate.
It's quite possible to begin with splendid ideas like liberty and property and to come down on the wrong side of every question of economics or social justice.
The unalterable rhythm of mathematics is definition, theorem, proof.
No cube is the sum of two cubes.
Mountaineering is chock-a-block with terms that never need translating, because every mountaineer adopts them.
Children don't grow up speaking pidgin languages; they turn them into real languages: creoles.
Having chosen two points on a line, we can then choose any point on a parallel line to form a triangle; and all such triangles will have the same area.
Application of force to an object changes its velocity: its speed, its direction, or both.
The weight of an object submerged in liquid is reduced by the weight of liquid it displaces.
Runaway shirkers win no crowns.
Poverty is no bar to joy when friends approve.
Self-approval is seldom well placed
Better do the right job than do the job right.
I'd rather have a bottle in front of me than a frontal lobotomy.
At a point, the pressure of a fluid is the same in all directions.
Mechanical advantage is a trade-off
Duelling was in improvement over the thug-gang skirmishing it replaced.
A capacitor allows current to flow through empty space.
The founding fathers established safeguards against all the forms of concentrated power they knew about: the church, the state, the mob; but they didn't know about corporations.
It also raises questions of religion.
She discovers some of her mother's secrets.
It's very direct.
It uses a foul language.
Marx's son-in-law suggested a great many people were hard at work doing things better not done.
If I had a nickel for every time I made a mistake, I'd have made cheaper mistakes.
The heart has reasons reason cannot know.
There are also sex scenes.
There's the use of four letter words.
The mind is a good servant, but a poor master.
The romantic aspect complicates the story.
Who exactly are the poor in spirit?
The Western style and the Punjabi style coexist.
Actually, I did want to ask you one thing.
All I want to do is finish what I started.
Do you have something you want to tell me?
Do you really want to go to the pep rally?
Do you really want to know how tough I am?
Do you really want Tom to do this for you?
Do you want the good news or the bad news?
Do you want to go out for a drink with me?
Do you want to help us catch Tom's killer?
Do you want to see a movie Saturday night?
Do you want to take any of this food home?
Don't you want to ask me why he was there?
Don't you want to be having fun right now?
Don't you want to know what this is all about?
Don't you want Tom to know you were right?
Everyone wants to be young and attractive.
I bet all the boys want your phone number.
I didn't think you'd want to see me again.
I didn't want anyone to think I was crazy.
I don't know exactly what Tom wants to do.
I don't really want to go there by myself.
I don't think you want to know the answer.
I don't want another job. I want this job.
I don't want people messing with my stuff.
I don't want them all to know what we did.
I don't want them to take advantage of me.
I don't want to be here when Tom wakes up.
I don't want to come back here ever again.
I don't want to have any secrets from you.
I don't want to talk about this right now.
I don't want Tom's death on my conscience.
I don't want you putting yourself at risk.
I just don't want to discuss it right now.
I just don't want you making any mistakes.
I just want to go over this one more time.
I just want to make sure Tom is all right.
I know exactly who Tom would like to meet.
I thought you didn't want anything to eat.
I thought you didn't want to get involved.
I very much don't want to have to do that.
I want to find out what Tom did yesterday.
I want to give you enough time to do that.
I want to go over it again in more detail.
I want to go to the store where Tom works.
I want to show you something very special.
I want to try to work things out with Tom.
I want you to be able to protect yourself.
I want you to listen to me very carefully.
I won't tell anyone unless you want me to.
I wouldn't want anything to happen to you.
I wouldn't want to go there if I were you.
I wouldn't want Tom to get the wrong idea.
I'd like to sign up for the baseball team.
I'd like to talk to Tom for a few minutes.
I'd like Tom to handle this investigation.
I'd like you to consider joining our club.
I'd like you to give Tom a message for me.
I'll stay with the baby if you want to go.
I'll tell you everything you want to know.
I'm not sure I want to go there by myself.
I'm not sure what else you want me to say.
If you don't want to do this, just say so.
If you want me to help Tom, I'll help him.
If you want me to show Tom, I'll show him.
If you want money, why don't you call Tom?
If you want to come back, I'll understand.
Is that what you want to talk to me about?
Is there any place special you want to go?
Is there anything you want me to tell Tom?
So, what did you want to talk to me about?
Tell Tom I want to talk to him right away.
The children wanted to hear a scary story.
There's a lot I want to talk to you about.
There's something I want you to do for me.
They don't want a woman for that position.
Tom clearly doesn't want any help from us.
Tom clearly doesn't want to be doing this.
Tom doesn't want to go anywhere near Mary.
Tom doesn't want to go to lunch with Mary.
Tom doesn't want to play tennis on Sunday.
Tom just doesn't want me to embarrass him.
Tom wanted me out of the house, so I left.
Tom wanted to get out of the car and walk.
Tom wants Mary to know he likes her a lot.
Tom wants Mary to move to Boston with him.
Tom wants me to stay for a couple of days.
Tom wants to know when you'll be finished.
Tom wants to know when you're coming home.
Tom wants to take Mary out tomorrow night.
Tom wants you to be his date for the prom.
Tom wants your answer and he wants it now.
We can get what we want without your help.
We don't want to go down that road, do we?
We don't want to wake everybody up, do we?
We wouldn't want that to happen, would we?
We're here because we want to talk to Tom.
What do you think Tom might want from you?
What kind of food do you want me to bring?
What makes you think I'd want to see that?
When I want your opinion, I'll ask for it.
Where do you want me to put your suitcase?
Why does Tom not want to hang out with us?
Why doesn't Tom want to hang out with us?
Why would you want talk to Tom about that?
You don't want to make me unhappy, do you?
You don't want to think about Tom, do you?
You don't want Tom to think you're insane.
You don't want Tom to think you're stupid.
You might want to bring a camera with you.
You might want to put this someplace safe.
You might want to start telling the truth.
You seem to want me to talk you out of it.
You're not ready and I don't want to wait.
You've got my computer and I want it back.
The burglars forced the lock to get into the apartment.
He didn't look happy.
He doesn't look happy.
My class was canceled.
Grant failed at almost everything he tried--until he was given command of the Union Army.
Thou shalt not kill; but need'st not strive / Officiously to keep alive.
The quiz competition was a piece of cake.
Since you made a mistake in your project, you have to start over from scratch.
If it were done when 'tis done, then 'twere well / It were done quickly: if the assassination / Could trammel up the consequence, and catch / With his surcease success; that but this blow / Might be the be-all and the end-all here, / But here, upon this bank and shoal of time, / We'd jump the life to come.
You win the toss. The ball is in your court this time.
To deny sustenance to the Army of Northern Virginia, Sheridan determined to take the entire harvest of the Shenandoah Valley.
Al-Ghazali likens the emotions to a kingdom's tax collectors.
The earth is sited in an energy gradient as on a hillside, with golden nuggets tumbling continually from above.
I hadn't noticed until you said.
Punctuation finds no need where words are confined in familiar groups.
Anglo-Saxon was to Norman as hen-pecked to uxorious.
All I want to do is hang out with you guys.
All they want to do is make a lot of money.
Are you sure you don't want me to call Tom?
Are you sure you don't want me to tell Tom?
Are you sure you don't want to help me out?
Do you really think I want to do what I do?
Do you really want that on your conscience?
Do you think Tom will want to go with Mary?
Do you want me to leave a light on for you?
Do you want me to pick up Tom after school?
Do you want me to take care of that matter?
Do you want to have dinner with me tonight?
Doesn't anyone want to know why we're here?
Don't you want to know what Tom looks like?
Here's something I want you to give to Tom.
I didn't want you lurking around me anyway.
I don't know why Tom doesn't want me to go.
I don't really want to talk about this now.
I don't think you want to take that chance.
I don't want to be here when Tom gets here.
I don't want to deal with this problem now.
I don't want to go to Tom's birthday party.
I don't want Tom thinking I don't like him.
I don't want Tom to think anything's wrong.
I don't want Tom to think I was being rude.
I don't want Tom to think I'm not grateful.
I have so many things I want to say to you.
I just don't want to be disappointed again.
I just don't want to make the wrong choice.
I just want to keep things nice and simple.
I just want to make sure this isn't poison.
I just want to thank you for all your help.
I just want to wait for a few more minutes.
I just want you to know that I forgive you.
I plan to tell Tom that I don't want to go.
I really do want to get to know Tom better.
I really do want to get to know you better.
I want eggs for breakfast tomorrow morning.
I want every day to be as good as this one.
I want everyone in my office in minutes.
I want everyone to hear what I have to say.
I want everyone to help me clean the house.
I want it delivered to me by noon tomorrow.
I want the recipe for this. It's delicious.
I want to ask you some questions about Tom.
I want to do everything I'm expected to do.
I want to do everything I'm supposed to do.
I want to find out what caused the problem.
I want to get to the bank before it closes.
I want to talk to your supervising officer.
I want to thank everyone for their prayers.
I want to thank you again for believing me.
I want you all to be on your best behavior.
I wanted Mary to look at me instead of Tom.
I'd like some toast if you are making some.
I'd like to discuss some of my suggestions.
I'd like to find out who Tom got that from.
I'd like you to wait in the lobby with Tom.
I'll take Tom to the zoo if you want me to.
I'm afraid Tom doesn't want to talk to you.
I'm not even sure I want to see that movie.
If you want to dance, let's dance together.
If you want to try it, go ahead and try it.
If you want to yell at someone, yell at me.
If you want, I can show you how to do that.
Is there anyone who might want to hurt Tom?
Is there anything else you want to tell me?
Is there anything you want to tell me, Tom?
It seems that you don't want me to succeed.
Most people see only what they want to see.
The doctor wants Tom to slim down a little.
There's something I want to share with you.
They just wanted to ask me a few questions.
Tom asked me whether I wanted to go or not.
Tom definitely didn't want to be disturbed.
Tom didn't want to deal with what happened.
Tom doesn't want me to see what he's doing.
Tom doesn't want to be seen talking to you.
Tom doesn't want to eat at that restaurant.
Tom doesn't want to have any more children.
Tom doesn't want you to find out the truth.
Tom doesn't want you to get angry with him.
Tom may not want to do that, but he should.
Tom told everyone that I didn't want to go.
Tom wanted Mary to invite him to her party.
Tom wanted to ask Mary about how John died.
Tom wants something, but I'm not sure what.
Tom won't go away if you don't want him to.
Tom, I want to have a little talk with you.
We don't know what they want to use it for.
What do you think Tom would want you to do?
What does Tom want us to do with his stuff?
What exactly is it that you want me to say?
What I really want is something hot to eat.
When I grow up, I want to be just like you.
Why would I want to do something like that?
Why would you want to do a thing like that?
You can do whatever you want to, of course.
You can give Tom all of it, if you want to.
You've got to tell Tom what you want to do.
Maltese stems from Siculo-Arabic, but all its modern accretions have been European.
Of a visiting engineer, the young son of his Russian host said, "He knows all the hard words, but not the easy ones."
We shall meet again in Petersburg, as if there we had buried the sun.
Rational points are dense on the unit circle.
The Chinese don't know that I'm not human.
It was Nancy where Max was supposed to meet Patricia.
She's nice to me.
She's being nice to me.
They leave you, not so dark as the waiting house, not so surely promised to eternity as that which every night becomes the climbing stars.
Oh boy, there I go again.
He is my great-grandfather.
She wasn't too keen on coming to the party, but he finally finagled a promise out of her to come.
The difference between the two types of "yes" may be greater than between "yes" and "no".
Language is just a map of human thoughts, feelings and memories. And like all maps, language is a thumbnail image a hundred thousand times smaller than what it is trying to convey.
The shenanigans on Wall Street have sent the economy into a tailspin.
What's your status?
I would never betray you!
He had a good time.
She had a good time.
Put the gun down.
I will do what you say.
Do as I say, and no one will get hurt.
Do as he says.
Do as she says.
Do as I say.
Keep your hands out of your pockets.
She caught me by surprise.
He caught me by surprise.
They caught me by surprise.
I caught him by surprise.
I caught her by surprise.
I caught them by surprise.
The cat caught me by surprise!
Stop whining.
They can't keep their hands off each other.
I deserve more.
You deserve more.
He deserves more.
She deserves more.
Clean your hands.
Hand out your money!
Don't blow your nose like that.
We haven't got much time.
It was a complete success.
I couldn't have done this without you.
I couldn't have done this without him.
I couldn't have done this without her.
You couldn't have done this without me.
It's going to be all right.
I don't think she's faking.
I don't think he's faking.
I think he's faking.
I think she's faking.
Actually, I didn't want to ask you anything.
Are you going to call Tom or do you want me to?
Are you sure you don't want anything to eat?
Are you sure you don't want to come tonight?
Are you sure you don't want to wait for Tom?
Come on. There's someone I want you to meet.
Do you think I really want to be doing this?
Do you want me to keep Tom and Mary company?
Do you want me to read this out loud to you?
Do you want to come over for dinner tonight?
Do you want to have dinner with me sometime?
Don't you want to hear my side of the story?
How many people want to go swimming with us?
I brought something that I want to give you.
I can't think of anything I'd want from you.
I didn't want to be here in the first place.
I didn't want to do this in the first place.
I don't believe you really want to hurt Tom.
I don't know what you want and I don't care.
I don't particularly want to be here at all.
I don't want the same thing to happen to us.
I don't want to be the one to tell Tom that.
I don't want to hear any of your complaints.
I don't want to know what's going to happen.
I don't want to park too close to Tom's car.
I don't want Tom to think he has to help me.
I don't want you getting hurt because of me.
I don't want you to think I don't mean that.
I just don't want there to be any bloodshed.
I just thought that you wouldn't want to go.
I really don't want the kids left alone now.
I want a complete report on my desk by 2:30.
I want my children to have dual citizenship.
I want my money back and I want it back now.
I want that information as soon as possible.
I want this more than anything in the world.
I want to ask you about the money you found.
I want to continue this discussion tomorrow.
I want to find out where Tom went last week.
I want to have something to remember you by.
I want to know exactly what you said to Tom.
I want to know that what I'm doing is right.
I want to learn to play the guitar like you.
I want Tom to tell me what he meant by that.
I want you and Tom working together on this.
I want you to come work here at our company.
I want you to listen to what Tom has to say.
I want you to start taking things seriously.
I wanted to say thank you for all your help.
I wish I could be the man you want me to be.
I'd like it if you would cook dinner for me.
I'd like it if you would keep an eye on Tom.
I'd like some coffee if you are making some.
I'd like to go with you, but I really can't.
I'd like to thank all our guests for coming.
I'd like you to attend the meeting tomorrow.
I'll even buy you a new car if you want one.
I'll give you another chance if you want it.
I'm certain Tom will want to speak with you.
I'm meeting Tom for dinner. Do want to come?
Is there something you want to tell me, Tom?
Isn't there something you want to say to me?
Let me tell you what I want for my birthday.
Mary didn't want Tom to find out about John.
Nobody wants to do it, but one of us has to.
That's why I didn't want to go out with Tom.
The enemy wanted to discuss a truce with us.
The last thing I want to do is make Tom sad.
There's so much I want to say to all of you.
They wanted Tom dead even more than you did.
This is just what Tom didn't want to happen.
Tom didn't want Mary to think he was a jerk.
Tom didn't want me to go shopping with Mary.
Tom doesn't want Mary to find out the truth.
Tom doesn't want Mary to kiss him in public.
Tom doesn't want to admit that he was wrong.
Tom doesn't want to be seen talking to Mary.
Tom doesn't want to talk about this anymore.
Tom gave me everything except what I wanted.
Tom is the one that didn't want you to know.
Tom tells me you might want to stay with us.
Tom wanted me to find out where you've been.
Tom wanted to keep his bicycle in my garage.
Tom wanted to know more about Mary's family.
Tom wants desperately to do the right thing.
Tom wants me to help Mary with her homework.
Tom was so tired he didn't even want to eat.
Wait a minute. I want to tell you something.
We can't get what we want without your help.
What do you want me to tell Tom if he calls?
What you don't want to do is make Tom angry.
Where do you want me to put these suitcases?
Why don't you tell me what you want to hear?
Why would anyone want to swim in this river?
You don't want to get married either, right?
You don't want to get me in trouble, do you?
How did last night go?
I can't promise anything.
How did it go last night?
You've done your homework.
He's done his homework.
She's done her homework.
I think we're too young.
I think he's too young.
I think she's too young.
I was not feeling well.
He was not feeling well.
She was not feeling well.
This student is lazy.
He's lazy.
She's lazy.
The cat is lazy.
We can't live without water for even one day.
She's still alive.
He's still alive.
In the winter, I like to stay at home near the fire and listen to the wind blow.
I'm addicted.
He's addicted.
She's addicted.
You've got to be kidding me!
Tom gave Mary the key to his apartment.
He watched a Swedish movie.
I watched a Swedish movie last night.
It's a must-see.
Greta Garbo was a Swedish actress.
It's the correct answer.
I reckon it's time to wake Robert up.
I believe it's time to wake Robert up.
You have got to be joking!
He said nothing.
She said nothing.
I said nothing.
Give me the microphone.
You ruined my life.
He ruined my life.
She ruined my life.
They ruined my life.
The cat ruined my sofa.
I'm going to have to call you right back.
The bird is dead.
The cat is not dead.
He isn't afraid to die.
Her teeth were white.
His teeth were white.
My neighbors are my friends.
I can't explain it to you now.
It took me a long time to get used to the noise.
The camera you bought is better than mine.
If you had a million dollars, what would you do?
Talk of prejudice typically suggests racism, but that's not the only prejudice spread by the media. Other victims include Jews, Palestinians, Asians, poor people, homosexuals, handicapped persons, and--especially--women.
There's no wind here.
Here there's no wind.
It all depends on your true relationship.
He was sick, so he couldn't attend the party.
Buses in the country don't usually come on time.
Don't trust people who praise you in your presence.
People should be the masters of their own destinies.
Everyone ought to be the master of his own destiny.
After we walked for a while, we got to the lake.
After we walked for a while, we arrived at the lake.
The boundary of the solar cavity is the heliopause, about fifty astronomical units from the sun, where the solar wind pressure is down to the tiny pressure between stars in our arm of the galaxy.
Jane Austen's work speaks often of money and property.
George Eliot is subtly subversive: there are have-nots on every fringe, and her women collaborate in exquisitely detailed mutual oppression.
I pray for your happiness from the bottom of my heart.
I really appreciate that you think of me that way.
Those who intended to stay quickly adopted the island speech patterns, while those who did not, did not.
They say he's the best tennis player.
Odysseus and Morpheus are pronounced, with perfect regularity, like Zeus.
There are people who talk just because they have a mouth.
These days, "the lion's share" usually means "the biggest share"; but not so long ago, it meant "all of it."
Stars are big, because they're hot; when their fuel is exhausted, they collapse.
Kerf is waste.
Temperature is mean kinetic energy, not energy over volume; compression heats a gas by doing work on it; and a gas that expands without doing work does not cool.
If you want to succeed in life, work hard.
In Japan, people legally become adults at the age of twenty.
In Japan, people legally become adults when they turn twenty.
It's a fifteen minute walk from here to the campus.
It takes fifteen minutes to walk from here to the campus.
It's difficult to understand why you want to go.
Mr. Koop isn't the kind of person who would ever take a bribe.
Out of twenty students, only one had read the book.
The more you do now, the less you'll have to do tomorrow.
Two years ago, I wasn't able to play basketball at all.
Two years ago, I couldn't play basketball at all.
We have to leave at the crack of dawn tomorrow.
What do you think you'd like to do next time?
The purpose of punctuation is to help the reader.
Are you still sure you don't want to do that?
Are you sure you don't want to go to the doctor?
Are you sure you want to do this by yourself?
Are you sure you want to throw that one away?
Can you at least pretend you want to be here?
Do you really want to wait till Tom shows up?
Do you want me to ask Tom to do that for you?
Do you want me to bring you something to eat?
Do you want me to help you clean your garage?
Do you want to call Tom or do you want me to?
Do you want to know what I think is going on?
Do you want to know what the real problem is?
I don't know if I want to ever do that again.
I don't want there to be any lies between us.
I don't want to hear another word out of you.
I have a feeling you might want to see these.
I heard that Tom and Mary want to talk to me.
I just didn't want you to think I was stingy.
I just want you to tell Tom what you told me.
I suppose you want to ask Tom some questions.
I want a cheeseburger, a coke and some fries.
I want a hot shower before I go back to work.
I want an answer from you as soon as possible.
I want this matter taken care of immediately.
I want to get as far away from here as I can.
I want to see Tom first thing in the morning.
I want to speak to whoever is in charge here.
I want to spend the rest of my life with you.
I want to talk to you for a minute about Tom.
I want to thank you for what you did for Tom.
I want Tom to understand what has to be done.
I want you to go and see if it's still there.
I wanted to stop by and see how you're doing.
I'd like a chance to set the record straight.
I'm not sure Tom would want Mary to kiss him.
I'm not sure you're going to want to do that.
I'm sorry, but I don't want to talk about it.
I'm sure Tom wouldn't want you to catch cold.
I've finally found the woman I want to marry.
If you don't want to stay, you don't have to.
If you don't want to talk to me, that's fine.
If you don't want Tom here, ask him to leave.
If you want to buy a leash, go to a pet shop.
If you want to stay here, you are welcome to.
If you want your money back, you can have it.
Is there anything you want me to buy for you?
Isn't there something you want to say to Tom?
They don't want us to see what they're doing.
This is exactly what I didn't want to happen.
Tom didn't want Mary to see him in handcuffs.
Tom didn't want to continue the conversation.
Tom didn't want to think about the situation.
Tom doesn't want me around when Mary is here.
Tom doesn't want to do anything to hurt Mary.
Tom may not want to do that, but he needs to.
Tom seems to want this as badly as Mary does.
Tom wanted Mary to bring him a cup of coffee.
Tom wanted the job, but they didn't hire him.
Tom wanted to go over a few things with Mary.
Tom wanted to pull the trigger, but couldn't.
Tom wanted to spend some time in the country.
Tom wants a better percentage of the profits.
Tom wants all these reports finished by 2:30.
When do you want to have your birthday party?
You didn't actually want to do that, did you?
You don't really want me to kiss you, do you?
You don't really want to remain here, do you?
You might want to bring an umbrella with you.
You really don't want me to kiss you, do you?
You want to go to Boston with Tom, don't you?
Are you sure you don't want me to talk to Tom?
Are you sure you don't want to move to Boston?
Be careful. I don't want you to hurt yourself.
Do I look like a guy who wants to get married?
Do you still want us to take care of your dog?
Do you want fresh ground pepper on your salad?
Do you want me to help you with your homework?
Do you want to go grab a hot dog or something?
Do you want to talk about what happened today?
Do you want us to take you back to your house?
I can't believe you really want us to do this.
I didn't think Tom would want to see me again.
I didn't want anyone to know why I went there.
I didn't want to come here in the first place.
I didn't want to go to Tom and Mary's wedding.
I don't want anyone wearing my clothes but me.
I don't want to bother Tom while he's working.
I don't want to hear anything more about that.
I don't want to live too near to where I work.
I don't want to start anything I can't finish.
I don't want Tom to drive. He's been drinking.
I just don't want to see you get disappointed.
I just want to know what you did this morning.
I just want to thank you for all of your help.
I just wanted to make sure everyone was awake.
I want to believe that everything's all right.
I want to find out if Tom was at school today.
I want to find out where Tom bought his shoes.
I want to get out of here as soon as possible.
I want Tom to come over and apologize to Mary.
I want Tom to have a chance for a decent life.
I want Tom to understand why I had to do this.
I want you to explain it to me in more detail.
I want you to help us find out who killed Tom.
I want you to know what's true and what's not.
I wanted to let you know that I would be late.
I wanted you to see that I'm not all that bad.
I'd like to remind you that you're under oath.
I'm not going to stay if you don't want me to.
I'm not the guy you want making this decision.
If you don't want me to stay here, I'll leave.
If you don't want to do it, you don't have to.
If you want one, you'll have to find your own.
Is this the reason you didn't want me to come?
Mary doesn't want to end up being an old maid.
Maybe Tom just didn't want to talk about Mary.
Please just tell me what it is you want to do.
That's a filthy job and I don't want to do it.
Tom and I want to talk to you about something.
Tom didn't want to hear anything I had to say.
Tom doesn't want to do his homework right now.
Tom made it clear that he didn't want me here.
Tom made it clear that he didn't want surgery.
Tom said he didn't want any of us to help him.
Tom says he doesn't want to work here anymore.
Tom wants a full report by this time tomorrow.
Tom wants me to come back to see him tomorrow.
Tom wants me to take a picture of his new car.
Tom's not coming, because I don't want him to.
What I really want to do is to get some sleep.
Why do you think Tom wanted to commit suicide?
Why would you ever want to do a job like that?
You can be pretty helpful when you want to be.
You can sleep here for a while if you want to.
You can't make Tom help if he doesn't want to.
You don't have to answer if you don't want to.
You don't want to forget who your friends are.
You might want to have someone look into that.
You want me to wash my hands first, don't you?
You're welcome to come with us if you want to.
You've got my sunglasses and I want them back.
How do you know that Tom has never been to Boston?
That charity is named after someone who contributed about two billion yen.
That charity is named after a person who donated about two billion yen.
All the rest is propaganda.
Her father is a middle-class English man.
Silk is very precious.
It would be so transgressive.
Asian communities are very differentiated.
It's a very allegoric description.
It's a very allegorical description.
They mix the ingredients together.
All I want is a chance to do something for Tom.
Are you sure you don't want me to help you out?
Are you sure you don't want to ask Tom to help?
Are you sure you don't want to go see a doctor?
Do you have any idea who might want to do that?
Do you want me to tell Tom that we won't do it?
Do you want to go get a cup of coffee and talk?
Have you thought about when you want to arrive?
I didn't want Tom to overhear our conversation.
I don't even know if I want to do this anymore.
I don't want to have to deal with it right now.
I don't want to make the same mistake Tom made.
I don't want Tom to think he has to protect me.
I just thought you might want to eat something.
I just want you to know that I really love you.
I still don't understand what you want from me.
I want an hourly update about what's happening.
I want to ask Tom to meet us at the bank today.
I want to dedicate all my time to this project.
I want to go outside for a breath of fresh air.
I want to make sure nothing will happen to Tom.
I want to stay with you no matter what happens.
I want you to do something about it right away.
I wanted everyone to get along with each other.
I wanted Mary to go out with me instead of Tom.
I wanted to go somewhere I'd never been before.
I wouldn't want to do anything against the law.
I'd like everybody except Tom to leave, please.
I'd like to believe that Tom told us the truth.
I'd like to cancel my appointment for tomorrow.
I'd like to find out where our meeting will be.
I'd like to find out why Tom decided not to go.
I'll tell you everything that you want to know.
I'm not a teacher and don't want to become one.
I'm not going to help you if you don't want me to.
I'm not going to kiss you if you don't want me to.
I'm not going to leave if you don't want me to.
If you don't want them here, ask them to leave.
If you want my help, you'll have to ask for it.
If you're going to kill me, I want to know why.
Is there some reason you don't want us to come?
Just tell me what you want done and I'll do it.
Many inmates on death row say they want to die.
Maybe Tom thought you wouldn't want to see him.
So, you're sure you don't want to go to Boston?
The guy you want to talk to left two hours ago.
The last thing I'd ever want to do is hurt Tom.
These are decisions I want you to help me make.
Tom asked me questions I didn't want to answer.
Tom didn't want me to tell you about the party.
Tom doesn't understand what you want him to do.
Tom just can't understand why I'd want to stay.
Tom made me do some things I didn't want to do.
Tom wanted me to be something I could never be.
Tom wanted me to play chess with him, so I did.
Tom wants his father buried next to his mother.
We just don't want to deal with that right now.
What did you want us to do with all your stuff?
What on earth do you want to talk to Tom about?
What we want to do next is check the oil level.
Why in a million years would I want to do that?
Why not just tell us what it is you want to do?
Would you want to know how you're going to die?
You can be pretty charming when you want to be.
You didn't want Tom to know the truth, did you?
You don't have to do that if you don't want to.
You don't want to talk about it at all, do you?
"Do you want some water?" "Yeah, I'd love some."
"Who wants to go swimming with me?" "We all do."
Are you absolutely positive you want to do this?
Are you sure you don't want me to come with you?
Do you want me to inform Tom about our decision?
Do you want to know where you made your mistake?
Even though I didn't want to drink alone, I did.
I can't hug Tom if he doesn't want to be hugged.
I didn't want to leave without saying thank you.
I don't want that kind of life for our children.
I don't want you to do anything or say anything.
I don't want you to tell me what I already know.
I just want you to make a good first impression.
I never want you to step foot in that bar again.
I want everyone to know that I'm not a murderer.
I want life to go back to the way it was before.
I want to find out what kind of music Tom likes.
I want to get out of here before anyone sees us.
I want Tom and Mary to say that they were wrong.
I want you to help me find out who stole my car.
I want you to understand what I'm trying to say.
I wanted to say something, but I was too scared.
I wanted Tom put in jail even more than you did.
I'd like to speak to Tom about his brother John.
I'm going to let you do whatever you want to do.
I've got a newspaper article I want to show you.
If they don't want this, then what do they want?
If you don't want to come back, I'll understand.
If you don't want to do this, you don't have to.
If you really want to help, please come by 2:30.
If you want to change your mind, I'd understand.
If you want to get out of here alive, follow me.
Is there someone you want to invite to my party?
Just tell me what you want me to do and I'll do it.
Look, if you still want to go, I won't stop you.
That's exactly what I want to talk to you about.
They want a few more hours to finish the report.
Tom didn't want the same thing to happen to him.
Tom didn't want to have anything to do with you.
Tom says he doesn't want me hanging around here.
Tom told the judge he wanted a different lawyer.
Tom wanted Mary to pretend to be his girlfriend.
We can go back home if you two want to be alone.
We want to be on the first bus tomorrow morning.
What makes you so sure I want to be your friend?
What time do you want me to be at work tomorrow?
Which bottle of wine do you want to drink first?
Why don't you just ask me what you want to know?
Why would Tom want to go do something like that?
Would you maybe want to go out with me sometime?
You didn't want to tell Tom about that, did you?
You don't have to do anything you don't want to.
You don't want me to be late for school, do you?
You know this isn't the way I want things to be.
You might want to read this while we're waiting.
You skipped school today and I want to know why.
This letter has no signature.
This letter is not signed.
The insurer will indemnify the policyholder against loss of or damage to the motor car.
He denies any liability for the damage caused.
In law, a lien is a form of security interest granted over an item of property to secure the payment of a debt or performance of some other obligation.
The whole neighborhood was surprised at this news.
What if I am a Native American?
He made me love jazz.
Don't look back. You are never completely alone.
This is an area that gets little or no attention, so we're going to try and bring some attention to it.
The question was posed in English.
Allow me to show you to your room.
He usually operates behind tightly closed doors.
There are few places where we can safely talk.
It is not outside of the realm of possibility.
What time is your flight home?
What time is your plane landing?
I've been very lucky in my life to have met many of my favorite actors.
I've always been a big fan of Jean Reno.
It has been a very nice week.
I'm not fooling anybody.
The older I get, the more difficult life becomes.
His son is yelling at him.
Where did that idea come from?
I think it works.
It really works.
How many days did the Six-Day War last?
How many years did the Hundred-Year War last?
How many years did the Hundred Years' War last?
How long did the Hundred-Year War last?
What date did the Yom Kippur War break out?
If the cedars have caught fire what will the hyssops that grow out of the wall say?
If Tom loves Mary, and Mary loves John, then Tom loves John?
If three workers dig two channels in four days, in how many days will six workers dig four channels?
I don't have anything more to translate.
Although no one ever spoke about it, everyone knew that something wasn't quite right.
They live in a small town on the outskirts of Moscow.
Don't think I don't know where you were last night, and what you were doing.
Have you got plans?
If you heard her speaking English, you would never guess that she wasn't a native speaker.
I think I may have found a solution to your little problem.
What's the plan, then?
I dealt with it.
It's happening tonight.
She moved here from Mexico five years ago.
Do you have plans tonight?
She didn't show any emotion as she spoke to him; her manner was cold and businesslike.
The doll was surprisingly lifelike.
They started in the centre and worked outwards.
Sitting at a desk at the front of the library were two old librarians.
It's not a Thanksgiving dinner without turkey.
She's vegetarian, so she ate tofu instead of turkey.
It's the best turkey I've ever tasted.
We deep-fried the turkey.
She roasted the turkey.
The turkey was tender and juicy.
I want Tom's money.
I want you to stop.
We want your advice.
I don't want to quit.
I want you to behave.
I want you to use it.
Do you want to resign?
Does Tom want to rest?
I don't want to leave.
I want Tom left alone.
I wanted your opinion.
I'd like to thank you.
Did you want to see me?
I want to see it again.
I want you to help Tom.
Do you want to meet Tom?
Guess what I want to do.
I don't want to be rude.
I want to keep it there.
I want to meet with Tom.
I want to say thank you.
I want us to be friends.
I want you to wear this.
I don't want to kill you.
I don't want to meet Tom.
I don't want to pass out.
I don't want to remember.
I don't want Tom to hear.
I just want to visit Tom.
I think I'd want to know.
I want to hear Tom speak.
I want to know your name.
I want to make Tom happy.
I want to talk about Tom.
I want what you promised.
I want you to be my wife.
I want you to dig a hole.
I want you to go outside.
I want your opinion, too.
We don't want you to die.
Do you want to leave here?
I didn't want to lose Tom.
I didn't want to tell you.
I don't want to lose face.
I don't want to scare you.
I really want to help Tom.
I really want to kiss you.
I really want Tom near me.
I really want you to quit.
I want to be on this team.
I want to shake your hand.
I want to talk to Tom now.
I want to thank you again.
I want you to be my coach.
I want you to handle this.
I want you to sleep on it.
I want you to stand guard.
I'd like you to handle it.
We don't want to hurt you.
We still want to help you.
You don't want to be late.
Do you want to get married?
Do you want to see my baby?
Do you want to take a look?
Don't you want to meet Tom?
I didn't want to scare you.
I do want to be remembered.
I don't want to lie to Tom.
I don't want to name names.
I don't want to seem pushy.
I don't want Tom in my car.
I don't want you to scream.
I really just want to talk.
I want to be more like Tom.
I want to think for myself.
I want us to stay together.
I want what's best for you.
I want you to go to Boston.
Yes, samideano, I came here to talk with you.
I want you to take a break.
It's Tom I want to talk to.
Tom just wants to be liked.
Tom wants to work for Mary.
Tom, come here, I want you.
Tom, I want to talk to Mary.
Tom, I want to talk to you.
Why do you want to kill me?
Why would you want to lose?
You obviously want to help.
Relations between China and Japan have been tense recently.
Some Japanese people have faced discrimination in China as a result of diplomatic problems between the two countries.
Do you want to ride with us?
Guess what I want to do now.
I didn't want to insult Tom.
I didn't want to seem pushy.
I do want to be your friend.
I don't really want to stop.
I don't want to lose my job.
I don't want to trouble you.
I don't want you doing that.
I really don't want to play.
I really want you to hug me.
I still want to talk to you.
I want to be as rich as Tom.
I want to be as tall as Tom.
I want to be back in Boston.
I want to hire Tom and Mary.
I want to know what's funny.
I want to know why I'm here.
I want to make it up to you.
I want to stay in the house.
I want to take you to lunch.
I want Tom brought here now.
I want you guys to meet Tom.
I want you to be my manager.
I want you to consider this.
I want you to get some rest.
I want you to know who I am.
Nobody wants you to do that.
Nobody wants you to do this.
They want to know about Tom.
Tom and Mary want to see us.
What would Tom want with me?
Why did Tom want two copies?
Why do you want to hurt Tom?
I wanted to say hello to Tom.
Do you want to know my guess?
Do you want to know who I am?
I don't even want to be here.
I don't want to let you down.
I don't want to start rumors.
I don't want to work for you.
I just want to say good luck.
I just want to say I'm sorry.
I really do want to help Tom.
I want to be as happy as Tom.
I want to know what you mean.
I want to stay here with you.
I want to tell you about Tom.
I want you to be nice to Tom.
I want you to come to Boston.
I want you to leave us alone.
I want you to take a message.
I want you to take me to Tom.
Tom didn't want to hurt Mary.
Tom wanted to send a message.
Tom wants us to go to church.
Tom, I want to stay with you.
We just want you to be happy.
What did you want to show me?
When do you want to meet Tom?
Why did Tom want Mary killed?
Why does Tom want to find us?
It takes me a long time to wake up properly in the morning.
I'm still not used to my new smartphone!
I keep on forgetting that it has a touchscreen so I'm always selecting the wrong things!
One of my favourite fairytales when I was a child was the story of a mischievous fox spirit.
When we were in school, my best friend and I made our own secret code so we could write messages to each other without other people being able to read them.
I don't want to lie to you.
Do you want to leave with Tom?
I don't want to hurt you, Tom.
I don't want to know his name.
I don't want to play with Tom.
I don't want to see Tom naked.
I don't want Tom in this room.
I just want to take a picture.
I never want us to be unhappy.
I want to know how you did it.
I want to know what to expect.
I want to know what you think.
I want to know who killed Tom.
I want to spend time with you.
I want to teach you something.
I want vodka with tonic water.
I want you to drive to Boston.
I want you to get off my back.
I want you to stay right here.
I wanted to run away with Tom.
I'd like to make a suggestion.
Mary wants you to ask her out.
That isn't what I want to see.
That's a debt I want to repay.
We wouldn't want to risk that.
Why does Tom want to kill you?
Why doesn't Tom want you here?
Why would Tom want to help us?
You said you didn't want that.
Cryptography is the skill of making and breaking codes.
Nowadays, cryptography is often used to make online communications and transactions more secure.
Because of hunger and fatigue, the dog finally died.
I'm trying to fill the gaps in my education by taking online courses and reading widely.
Instilling the love of reading in one's child is the best gift any parent can give.
As a result of always being hungry and fatigued, that dog finally died.
I want to be in this group.
I don't want to insult Tom.
Do you want to say a few words?
I don't really want to be here.
I don't want to come to Boston.
I don't want you to harass Tom.
I just didn't want you in here.
I know who you want to talk to.
I know you want to talk to Tom.
I want to be on the other team.
I want to know what's so funny.
I want to make one thing clear.
I want you to do some research.
I want you to return to Boston.
I wanted you to be proud of me.
I wouldn't want to lose my job.
Tom wants to talk to all of us.
Tom wants us to know he did it.
We don't want to be late again.
Why would you want to help Tom?
Why would you want to hurt Tom?
You all might want to sit down.
I daydreamed all day.
In some ways education is like a disease: you have to get over it.
If defective in structure, they are perfect in function.
Do you want to be my girlfriend?
Don't you want to see Tom again?
I don't think I want to be here.
I don't want to be presumptuous.
I don't want to see that happen.
I really want to hold your hand.
I want to talk to you about Tom.
I want you to make me a promise.
I want you to stay on the beach.
I want you to take me back home.
I'd like to offer you some help.
Tom doesn't want you to do that.
What did you want to talk about?
What do they want to talk about?
Who do you want working for you?
Who wants another piece of cake?
Why did you want to speak to me?
You might want to wear a jacket.
Do you want to stay here all day?
Do you want us to leave the room?
Here's a test I want you to take.
I don't want you to say anything.
I still want to see you tomorrow.
I want to have a job that I love.
I want to learn to sing like you.
I want to speak to my lawyer now.
I want to speak to you about Tom.
I want to speak with Tom, please.
I want to talk to Tom about Mary.
I want to tell you what happened.
I want you to take some time off.
I want you to turn off the radio.
I wanted to introduce you to Tom.
Maybe you don't want to remember.
They want you back at the office.
Tom doesn't want to live with me.
Tom is the one who wants to wait.
Tom wanted to wear his new shoes.
Tom wants to move back to Boston.
Tom wants to tell you about Mary.
Tom would never want to hurt you.
Why did you want us to come here?
Why do you want me to go see Tom?
Why do you want to join the navy?
Why don't you want to wear a tie?
Why should Tom want to help Mary?
Do you want to stay here all week?
I don't want to step on your toes.
I don't want Tom in this building.
I just want you to know I'm sorry.
I want to know what's in this box.
I want to set the record straight.
I want to talk with you about Tom.
I want you to be my maid of honor.
I want you to find out about that.
I want you to know what to expect.
I want you to spend time with Tom.
I'd like you to wait in the lobby.
I'm not sure I want to touch that.
If you want to stay, you can stay.
Just say whatever you want to say.
Tom wanted to stay home with Mary.
Tom wanted you to think he'd died.
Tom wants to know what's going on.
Tom wants to speak to you at 2:30.
Tom wants to turn over a new leaf.
We don't want to keep Tom waiting.
Why does he want to join the army?
Why would he want to keep us here?
Why would Tom want to kill anyone?
Do you want to be on my team again?
I don't ever want to see Tom again.
I don't want to hear your theories.
I don't want to show it to Tom yet.
I don't want to talk about it here.
I don't want you to think I'm nuts.
I love you and I want to marry you.
I told Tom that you'd want to know.
I want to hear all about your trip.
I want to hear what Tom has to say.
I want to know what this is called.
I want to thank you for helping me.
I want you to come with us tonight.
I want you to know where I've been.
I want you to know you're forgiven.
I want you to run the store for me.
I wouldn't want to take the chance.
Tell Tom we want to know the truth.
There's someone else I want to see.
Tom doesn't want to join our group.
Tom doesn't want to talk right now.
Tom just doesn't want to hear this.
Tom wanted to say more than he did.
Tom wants Mary to keep him company.
Tom wants to know why Mary is dead.
Tom, do you want us to go with you?
Tom, I don't want you getting hurt.
You may still do it if you want to.
Don't you want to stay here with us?
I didn't want to take all the money.
I don't want to hurt Tom's feelings.
I don't want to wait until tomorrow.
I don't want Tom to hear about this.
I don't want you seeing Tom anymore.
I don't want you to be disappointed.
I don't want you to think I'm crazy.
I have something I want to tell you.
I know they'll all want to help you.
I want to hear what you have to say.
I want to help Tom as much as I can.
I want to know what happened to Tom.
I want to make sure there is enough.
I want you to give a message to Tom.
I want you to keep an eye on things.
I want you to lie still for a while.
I want you to take it away from Tom.
I'll tell you what I want you to do.
I'll understand if you want to wait.
They don't want us working together.
They want to know what your plan is.
We don't want you to feel pressured.
You might want to lose a few pounds.
Do you want me to spy on Tom for you?
I just don't want to catch your cold.
I just want to know that Tom is safe.
I want to be someone you can turn to.
I want to spend all my time with you.
I want to take a closer look at that.
I want to talk to you about tomorrow.
I want you to come somewhere with me.
I want you to do what you have to do.
I want you to get started right away.
I want you to put out that cigarette.
I want you to put out your cigarette.
I wanted to make sure you were alone.
I wanted to say something meaningful.
I wanted to spend more time with Tom.
I'd like to have Tom over for dinner.
That's what you want to do, isn't it?
Tom didn't want to keep Mary waiting.
Tom wanted his son to live in Boston.
Tom wants something better than that.
We want to know what happened to Tom.
Why would you even want to work here?
Do you want to tell us why we're here?
I don't want Tom messing it up for us.
I don't want you to go back to Boston.
I have a new camera I want you to see.
I want to know why you threatened Tom.
I want to live at home with my family.
I want to take a plane back to Boston.
I want you to come with me to see Tom.
I want you to go upstairs immediately.
I want you to take a good look at Tom.
I want you to tell me that's not true.
I wanted a horse, but I got a bicycle.
I wouldn't want to spoil the surprise.
I wouldn't want you to leave too soon.
I've got a picture I want to show you.
Let me tell you what I want you to do.
There's a paper they want you to sign.
They don't want you back with him yet.
Tom wanted to buy a new pair of boots.
Tom wants to know if you remember him.
You might want to take off your shoes.
Do you want to take Tom's place or not?
I don't want to sell chocolate anymore.
I just want to be certain that it's OK.
I really want to be with Tom right now.
I want to keep things the way they are.
Maybe Tom doesn't want us to find Mary.
Tom has a picture he wants to show us.
Tom, here's someone I want you to meet.
We want to talk to you about a problem.
What did you want to talk to Tom about?
You don't want to make Tom mad, do you?
I don't want to go on a picnic with Tom.
I just want to sleep in a nice soft bed.
I want to know exactly what is going on.
I want you to go home and get some rest.
I want you to meet someone very special.
I wanted to talk to you before you left.
I wouldn't want to sully your good name.
I wouldn't want you to think I was mean.
I'd like to send a coded message to Tom.
If you want a sandwich, raise your hand.
That's what I want to talk to you about.
Tom has a picture he wants to show Mary.
Tom wants us to take the blame for this.
We don't want to be the last ones there.
What I want to know is how Tom got here.
Do you want Tom punished for what he did?
I have so many things I want you to know.
I want to know what happened to your car.
I want you to know that you can trust me.
I want you to know you can stop worrying.
I wanted to make sure you were all right.
I wouldn't want you to think I was crazy.
I'd like to speak with someone in charge.
There are some things we want you to see.
Tom doesn't want to live next door to us.
We don't want to be late for the concert.
What makes you think I'd want to do that?
You don't know how bad I want to see you.
You might want to save some cake for Tom.
Do you want to tell me anything about Tom?
I didn't want to make a big deal about it.
I don't want everyone to think I'm stupid.
I don't want to take up much of your time.
I don't want to waste time talking to Tom.
I don't want you to be disappointed in me.
I just don't want you to misunderstand me.
I just want to know what I'm getting into.
I think Tom didn't want to leave so early.
I want to send a message to my friend Tom.
I want you to stay here until I come back.
I wouldn't want you to think I was stupid.
I've got this little job I want you to do.
If you want to see Tom, you have to hurry.
It looks like Tom doesn't want to be here.
Tom doesn't want to take advice from Mary.
Tom, there's something I want to give you.
Ask me anything you want to know about Tom.
I don't want to be late for my first class.
I don't want to make promises I can't keep.
I just said I didn't want to talk about it.
I just wanted to check to see if you're OK.
I still can't see why Tom would want to go.
I want to show you something in the office.
I want you there with Tom when he wakes up.
There's still so much I want to say to Tom.
Why would anyone want to steal any of this?
I just want to know why you brought me here.
I want you to take charge of this operation.
Tom and Mary wanted to talk about old times.
You don't have to stay if you don't want to.
Do you want to talk about what just happened?
Either Tom doesn't want to do it or he can't.
I didn't want to make the same mistake twice.
I don't want to hear another peep out of you.
I don't want to tell Tom I've been to Boston.
I don't want you to treat me any differently.
I thought you didn't want to talk about this.
It doesn't sound to me like you want to talk.
Tom told me he doesn't want to work with you.
You can stay here for a while if you want to.
Are you sure you don't want us to go with you?
Ask me anything you want to know about Boston.
I didn't want to leave without saying goodbye.
I don't want to be stuck in an office all day.
I guess Tom didn't want you to know the truth.
I know that I don't want to be married to you.
I want you all to know that I'll never change.
I want you to know that I will work very hard.
I want you to know that Tom's important to me.
Tom doesn't want to give the wrong impression.
You know where to find me if you want to talk.
Are you sure you don't want to stay for dinner?
I know your mom doesn't want you to talk to me.
I've got a magazine article I want to show you.
Tom wants to know why you didn't call him back.
I want to make sure you are who you say you are.
"Please go with Tom." "What if we don't want to?"
Are you saying you don't want to be here with me?
Are you sure you don't want me to drive you home?
Are you sure you don't want to study at my house?
Are you sure you want us to burn these documents?
Do you want me to say that I'll stop seeing Mary?
Does anybody have any laundry they want me to do?
Hey, you want to have a lot of fun? Come with us.
I can't kiss Tom if he doesn't want to be kissed.
I don't have to do that if I don't want to, do I?
I don't want to hear another complaint about you.
I don't want to interrupt Tom while he's working.
I don't want to look like I'm not doing anything.
I don't want to sleep on the couch again tonight.
I don't want Tom making the same mistakes I made.
I don't want Tom to make the same mistake I made.
I don't want you to have anything to do with Tom.
I don't want you to make the same mistake I made.
I get the feeling you don't really want me to go.
I have a feeling that Tom wants to call the cops.
I just want you all to know you can depend on me.
I know for a fact that Tom would never want this.
I think Tom didn't want Mary to go out with John.
I thought you didn't want to talk about this now.
I thought you wanted to go to the party with Tom.
I want my children to reach their full potential.
I want to be certain you are who you say you are.
I want to make sure you're going to be all right.
I want to see you in your office in half an hour.
I want Tom stopped before he does anything worse.
I want you to find out why Tom wasn't here today.
I want you to leave my house and never come back.
I want you to mow the lawn right after breakfast.
I wanted to talk to you because I need your help.
I wish I could do everything that I wanted to do.
I'd like to speak with whoever is in charge here.
If you want something done right, do it yourself.
If you want to change your mind, it's OK with me.
It's clear they both want to spend time together.
It's obvious Tom doesn't want to talk about this.
Mary always wants Tom to talk about his feelings.
Mary wanted Tom to put suntan lotion on her back.
Tell Tom that Mary doesn't want him to come over.
They told us they wanted to call off the mission.
Tom acts like he doesn't want to be seen with us.
Tom doesn't seem to want to answer this question.
Tom doesn't want Mary to go anywhere without him.
Tom doesn't want people asking so many questions.
Tom isn't the kind of person I want to deal with.
Tom isn't the type of person I want to deal with.
Tom wanted me to find out who you've been dating.
Tom wanted me to tell Mary that he wasn't coming.
Tom wanted to see where Mary went to high school.
Tom wants Mary to suffer for what she did to him.
Tom wants me to write a birthday message to Mary.
We don't want all the prisoners to escape, do we?
What if I told you I really want to be a teacher?
What was in the report Tom didn't want me to see?
What we want is a chance to earn a decent living.
What's the real reason you don't want to do that?
When I grow up, I want to be just like my father.
Why didn't Tom want to come on this trip with us?
Why do you always want to do things the hard way?
You don't really want to talk about this, do you?
You don't want to let on how rich you really are.
You don't want Tom to think you're crazy, do you?
You might want to change into some clean clothes.
Are you sure you don't want to wait till tomorrow?
Do you want to spend the next ten years in prison?
For once in my life, I want to do the right thing.
I didn't know how to tell Tom I didn't want to go.
I don't want to be a disappointment to my parents.
I don't want to hear about all your ex-boyfriends.
I don't want to hear about what you did yesterday.
I don't want to hear about your personal problems.
I don't want to hurt Tom, but I will if I have to.
I don't want to interfere with your personal life.
I don't want to interrupt Tom while he's speaking.
I don't want to make the same mistakes over again.
I don't want to work at a supermarket all my life.
I don't want what I'm about to say to be recorded.
I get the feeling you don't really want me to win.
I have an appointment I don't want to be late for.
I just want to tell Tom before somebody else does.
I just want you to think about me once in a while.
I'm quite certain I don't want to be married to you.
I really don't want to go out on a date with Mary.
I really don't want to sit in the back of the bus.
I still have a lot of questions I want to ask you.
I think you want this more than you want to admit.
I want my children to have the best of everything.
I want the whole world to know that we're in love.
I want to find somewhere I can sit down and relax.
I want to get Tom something nice for his birthday.
I want to show you something I've been working on.
I want you to know that I can't be there tomorrow.
I want you to know that I meant every word I said.
I want you to say you're not going back to Boston.
I want you to take care of Tom for a little while.
I want you to tell me what you really think of me.
I want you to treat me a little nicer from now on.
I wanted to apologize for what happened yesterday.
I wanted to make sure it wasn't us who caused the problem.
I wanted to make sure we didn't cause the problem.
I wanted you to understand what you're up against.
I wonder why people always want to know the truth.
I'd like to talk to the doctor alone for a moment.
I'd like Tom to spend some time with our children.
I'm not going to do anything you don't want me to.
If you have a minute, you might want to read this.
If you want to say something, go ahead and say it.
Is there something the two of you want to tell me?
It's clear that Tom doesn't want to talk about it.
That doesn't smell like something I'd want to eat.
There's something else I want to discuss with you.
They don't want to cut anything out of the budget.
This kind of weather makes me want to stay indoors.
This kind of weather makes me want to stay inside.
Tom clearly doesn't want to talk about it anymore.
Tom doesn't want his parents to know he got drunk.
Tom doesn't want to do that and I don't blame him.
Tom doesn't want to have anything to do with Mary.
Tom doesn't want to hear anything Mary has to say.
Tom knows he should do it, but he doesn't want to.
Tom made it clear that he didn't want to see Mary.
Tom really doesn't want to tell Mary where he was.
Tom wants a computer small enough to easily carry.
Tom wants information on how his stocks are doing.
Tom wants Mary to buy a new dress for the banquet.
Tom wants Mary to think you're a little dangerous.
Tom wants to spend the rest of his life with Mary.
We just want to know whether Tom is coming or not.
We wouldn't want to disobey the teacher, would we?
What makes you so sure Tom will want to come back?
What makes you think that I want to be left alone?
Who on earth would want to do something like that?
Why don't you just tell me what you want me to do?
Why would I want to have anything to do with this?
Why would Tom want to do a stupid thing like that?
You don't want to let on how smart you really are.
You know how to change it, you just don't want to.
You seem to want me to talk you out of doing that.
A few days ago, you didn't even want to talk to me.
All I want is a cup of coffee and a piece of toast.
All I want to do is to play guitar with Tom's band.
Are you aware of anyone who would want to harm Tom?
Are you saying you don't want to go to Tom's party?
Are you sure you don't want me to buy you a ticket?
Do you have any idea who'd want to steal Tom's car?
Do you really want a job in the same office as Tom?
Do you really want me to give your computer to Tom?
Do you want to go see a movie after dinner tonight?
How do you help someone who doesn't want your help?
I didn't want to say anything, but I had no choice.
I don't even want to think about what could happen.
I don't really want to bother you with my problems.
I don't really want to pay that much for a new car.
I don't want anything to jeopardize our friendship.
I don't want to hear about all your ex-girlfriends.
I don't want to think about what could've happened.
I don't want Tom telling me how to run my business.
I figured you wouldn't want Tom to know about this.
I get the feeling you don't really want me to stay.
I just don't want to have people thinking I'm weak.
I just know that I don't want to be married to you.
I just thought you might want to go skiing with us.
I just want to know what I'm getting involved with.
I know that plenty of guys want to go out with you.
I know you didn't really want to come on this trip.
I still don't understand why you'd want to do that.
I thought you didn't want to talk about this stuff.
I thought you said you didn't want to be disturbed.
I want a complete list of everything Tom purchased.
I want the name of everyone who was here yesterday.
I want this delivered to Tom by the end of the day.
I want to apologize for the way I acted last night.
I want to find out if the warranty has expired yet.
I want to get there early so we can get good seats.
I want to know more about Tom's biological parents.
I want Tom to keep doing just what he's been doing.
I want you all to meet your new substitute teacher.
I want you to tell me what you really think of Tom.
I wanted to get married. You're the one who didn't.
I wanted to tell you how much I enjoyed your party.
I've got to do something I really don't want to do.
If that's what you want to do, I'll help you do it.
If you don't want us to get in Tom's way, we won't.
If you want to get out of here alive, listen to me.
Is this how you want to live the rest of your life?
Just tell me what you want and I'll give it to you.
My parents don't want me drinking beer every night.
The kidnappers wanted Tom to blow up that building.
The last thing I want to do is cause you a problem.
Tom isn't the type of person I want working for us.
Tom just didn't want to admit that he'd been wrong.
Tom probably doesn't want to spend that much money.
Tom wanted directions to a good Chinese restaurant.
Tom wanted me to come over for breakfast, so I did.
Tom wants Mary to know he's planning to leave town.
Tom wants me to go to another party after this one.
Tom wants me to keep helping Mary in any way I can.
Tom wants you to call him back as soon as possible.
Tom was frightened and didn't want to be left alone.
Whoever did it didn't want us to find out about it.
Why would anyone want to steal any of these things?
Why would you want to do that if you don't have to?
You don't have to do anything you don't want to do.
You don't have to get married if you don't want to.
You don't have to hang around if you don't want to.
You don't really want me to go there alone, do you?
May I speak with Tom?
Hopefully, I'll be given an expensive car or at least one that isn't broken.
At least you didn't steal anything.
Do I look like a guy who doesn't want to go jogging?
Do you really want to break up with your girlfriend?
Do you want me to say that I won't keep seeing Mary?
For once in my life, I'd like to do something right.
I can't believe you don't want to at least meet Tom.
I don't ever want Tom to write to my daughter again.
I don't want to do this, but you leave me no choice.
I don't want to hear about all your old girlfriends.
I figured you'd probably never want to see me again.
I get the feeling you don't really want me to drive.
I just want to go home and see my wife and the kids.
I just want to make sure we're all on the same page.
I just wanted to have a good time like anybody else.
I know you probably want to be alone, so I'll leave.
I think Tom might actually want someone to kill him.
I think, I'd understand if you didn't want to do it.
I thought you didn't want to talk about this matter.
I want to make sure I understand what you're saying.
I want you to tell me everything you know about Tom.
I'd like a chance to explain why I made this choice.
I'd like Tom to demonstrate how to do the butterfly.
If you would like some help, why don't you call Tom?
Is there anything you want us to send you from home?
It's clear Tom and Mary want to spend time together.
It's not that I don't want to go, I can't afford to.
Right now, all I want to do is get something to eat.
The last thing I want to do is leave you here alone.
There is something else over here I want you to see.
Tom also asked me to tell you he doesn't want to go.
Tom asked Mary a question she didn't want to answer.
Tom certainly doesn't want to take advice from Mary.
Tom may not want to go camping with us next weekend.
We certainly wouldn't want that to happen, would we?
What's the real reason you don't want to go with me?
Would you want your daughter to marry a guy like me?
You might want to call Tom and have him pick you up.
You're asking me to do something I don't want to do.
It's generous of you to teach me some additional things.
Do you think I don't want what's best for Tom?
Do you want to join us for a drink afterwards?
I didn't want to say anything in front of Tom.
I don't want to make a big deal out of this.
I don't want you to worry about anything.
I guess somebody didn't want you to do that again.
I just don't want you to do anything crazy.
I know you didn't want Tom going to jail.
I want someone to tell me why Tom isn't here today.
I want to hear all about your trip to Boston.
I want you to go to your room and lock the door.
I want you to tell me everything that happened.
If you really don't want to come, you don't have to.
Maybe you ought to let Tom do what he wants to do.
Tom doesn't want anyone in his room while he's away.
Dessert presents an opportunity for self-engorgement.
To say more would require more thought than I have ready.
Many people do not immediately understand the difference between states and governments.
You can from outside.
Would you like some apricot jam?
Now let's talk about what we're going to do during the new semester.
Formerly, I had a dream of keeping fish.
I did everything in my power to protect her from you.
I'm not used to it, so it's a little tough.
It doesn't matter to us if you take a photo from the outside.
It's OK to take a picture from outside.
I've got to show you something.
I have to show you something.
Have we understood each other?
Call me if you want to do something together tomorrow.
Do we really want Tom to know how much money you make?
Do you really want this information to be made public?
Do you want me to fix your broken shovel or don't you?
I can't believe you don't want butter on your popcorn.
I don't want to hurt Tom any more than I already have.
I don't want to waste my time trying to do this again.
I don't want Tom wandering around the mall by himself.
I just don't know why Tom doesn't want me to help him.
I just don't understand why Tom would want to do that.
I just wanted to tell you I ran into Tom this morning.
I want to emphasize the need to get this done on time.
I want to find out what kind of food Tom wants to eat.
I'll understand if you don't want to go there with me.
I'm going to get myself some coffee. Do you want some?
If he really doesn't want to go, he shouldn't have to.
If you don't want to do it for Tom, then do it for me.
If you really want to know, all you need to do is ask.
If you want me to help you, all you have to do is ask.
If you want me to kiss you, all you have to do is ask.
If you want me to play the piano, I'll play the piano.
If you want Tom's help, you'll have to ask him for it.
Is there anything special you want to do this weekend?
Is there anything you want to add to what I just said?
Is there anywhere special in Australia you want to go?
Right now, I want you to tell me what happened to Tom.
Tell Tom I want to see him first thing in the morning.
The last thing I want to do is cause you any problems.
The last thing I want to do now is clean the bathroom.
Tom asked if I wanted to go to a party and I said yes.
Tom didn't want to look, but he couldn't help himself.
Tom wanted to go out with Mary even more than you did.
We don't want anything like that to ever happen again.
What I really want to do is go to Boston to visit Tom.
What I really want to do is to ask Mary for a divorce.
You can't just make everyone do what you want them to.
You don't have to do that if you don't really want to.
You need to decide what kind of person you want to be.
Who are the judges?
This is my favorite book.
You don't have to speak to Tom if you don't want to.
All I want to do is close my eyes and get some sleep.
Are you saying that you don't want to see me anymore?
Are you sure you don't want me to wait here with Tom?
Don't you want to know what Tom really thinks of you?
I decided I didn't want anything more to do with Tom.
I don't want to bother you guys while you're working.
I don't want to hear about what Tom did this morning.
I don't want to talk about my relationship with Mary.
I don't want to think about what could have happened.
I don't want Tom to think he has to interpret for me.
I just want some souvenirs to remember this place by.
I just want to see if Tom plans to come to our party.
I know that the last thing you want to do is help me.
I know that the last thing you want to do is hurt me.
I want to get a good seat, so I plan to arrive early.
I want to know what happened to the gun Tom gave you.
I want you to admit that maybe you like Tom a little.
I want you to tell me everything you know about that.
I want you to understand this isn't going to be easy.
I wanted to go outside and get a breath of fresh air.
I wanted to have a word with you about what happened.
I was thinking we might want to help Tom financially.
I won't have enough time for everything I want to do.
I'd like a copy of that document as soon as possible.
I'd like to talk to you when you have some free time.
If there's anything you want to do, you should do it.
If you don't want this, I'll give it to someone else.
Many inmates on death row say they don't want to die.
My parents wouldn't let me date who I wanted to date.
Right now, all I want to do is sleep for a few hours.
Sometimes you have to do things you don't want to do.
That's not something I want to think about right now.
There's a movie I want to watch on TV tomorrow night.
They wanted me to sell drugs for them, but I refused.
Tom definitely doesn't want to take advice from Mary.
Tom doesn't want anybody asking questions about Mary.
Tom doesn't want to do anything that will upset Mary.
Tom says he doesn't want to argue about this anymore.
Tom wanted to talk to Mary, but he couldn't find her.
Tom wants to finish eating before he talks to anyone.
Whatever happens, I want you to know that I love you.
You don't have to talk about it if you don't want to.
You might want to have someone look into that matter.
You want me to do your dirty work for you, don't you?
The party is improving slightly in the polls.
If three workers dig two ditches in four days, how many days will it take six workers to dig four ditches?
Algorithm execution is not limited to machines. Some advances can be achieved by cooperative behavior.
You can't run from the past.
My computer sometimes shuts down suddenly.
Choice is a matter of taste.
Guitar bands are on their way out.
It's sunny today.
Never tell the truth when a good lie will do.
You're the prettiest woman I've ever seen.
Poor as a church mouse.
Don't start a sentence with "but".
I'll study a lot.
I'm going to travel tomorrow.
I need help right now!
How can I show you my love?
Mercury is the planet nearest to the sun.
I urgently need your help!
The phone is ringing!
Brazil is located in South America.
I'm watching TV.
This is Mr. Pedro.
I'm Brazilian.
One can be cleverer than another person, but not cleverer than all others.
Let's save the environment!
My grandmother said "After rain comes sunshine." She was always optimistic.
Where do you plan to go on vacation next summer?
I'm done caring.
Prices rise from day to day.
Do you think a little salt will improve the flavour?
Everyone knows that two plus two equals four.
I am free this evening.
Excuse me while I take my clothes off.
This shop shuts down at nine o'clock this evening.
Can we pretend we are all in Croatia for the night?
The dog walks around the table.
I always said that Croatia is the country of marvels.
I missed you last night.
A large earthquake occurred in Mexico last autumn.
We went to Sydney yesterday.
I find it very boring to learn irregular verbs.
The next time will be better!
The next time will be surely better.
We are hoping for good weather during the sports festival.
Where's this club?
It is bonkers to go out in this weather.
Is this news true?
It pleases me to hear this news.
Good news! There are four hundred and forty four sentences in Klingon.
This is my new news.
The book is very interesting.
He has written many books about China.
I've had a slight sore throat since this morning. I wonder if I've caught a cold.
I've had a scratchy throat since this morning. I wonder if I've caught a cold.
Some enjoy particular challenges.
"Can I take photographs here?" "Only outside."
You may take photos outside this museum, but not inside.
You may take photos of the outside of this museum, but you may not take pictures of the exhibits inside.
Tom bumped into Mary on his way to school.
My cousin isn't the kind of person who'd ever break a promise.
Modern technology gives us many things.
I'm going to the movies.
What do you think we gonna do during the new semester?
Does this car go to Jingan temple?
We're really in a recession.
He is advised to keep to a strict diet.
The peace negotiations will start this week.
When you shake someone's hand look directly into his eyes.
There is a bottle in the refrigerator.
There is a bottle in the fridge.
Do you suffer from sleeplessness?
She asked if I felt like cooking something.
How many minutes do you get if you change hours into minutes?
Flowers grow in warm countries.
I own all the books.
Those are happy, who forget everything.
The house is five hundred years old.
We are poor, but we are happy.
We still have available rooms.
She chained up all his thoughts and feelings.
Forty-eight hours is how many minutes?
Open your heart; write beautiful sentences about love!
I brush my teeth every day.
I don't see a problem with this.
Tom intends to spend his life sentence writing sentences about love.
In my opinion I deserve a love sentence instead of a life sentence.
Tanaka has been arrested on suspicion of murder.
Where was it? I've forgotten it.
Can I ask you a personal question?
Children need affection and love.
I was in New York when it happened.
Tom locked his sister in the closet.
Children shouldn't be spoiled.
Children should not be spoiled.
Do you hit your children?
One and a half years have passed since I started to learn Chinese.
Nothing seemed out of the ordinary.
Do not eat in class.
Because the Japanese morning train is very crowded, I would be out of breath if I caught the express train at in the morning.
Owls are cute.
It seems to run in the family.
Owls are active at night.
When do owls sleep?
Owls are wise.
Is there something that you want to tell me?
Owls have big eyes.
I love her eyes.
Practice is tough. But, if it is for the sake of victory, then you must be able to endure.
The grand prize is a kiss from the princess.
I'll come with you.
I suppose you don't watch very much television, right?
She's always happy and smiling.
I don't have all day.
Make it quick.
You must tell me.
Since I plan to have quit my job by that time, maybe I could go!
Have you told me everything?
Are you ill?
He massaged her back.
She massaged his back.
I really miss my boyfriend.
I really miss my girlfriend.
I really miss my wife.
I really miss my husband.
You're very sweet.
He's very sweet.
She's very sweet.
He dumped me.
A promise made in Spanish is more than a simple promise.
I have lost interest in studying, so I don't think there is any point in going to college.
Social media is growing in importance.
With social media it's possible to find out a lot of information about someone before meeting them.
I'm going to have a shower.
China has landed their first jet on an aircraft carrier.
The Aichi sea isn't all that clean.
Make love, not sentences.
Stand up when I'm talking to you!
I call her pretty often.
In order to get to know a person, one merely needs to travel with them for a week.
Tom has left the door open.
It will soon be dark.
I would like to show you my beautiful city.
Opportunity waits for no one.
I hear that you would be a good tennis player.
She is not just intelligent, but pretty.
I have met this girl before.
Tom's eyes are larger than his belly.
Where were you the entire afternoon?
Will he be coming this evening?
The war on drugs is a political war.
He still has a white vest.
She held a flower in her hand.
What are my grandparents doing right now?
Where can one buy books?
She had no other choice but to marry the old man.
Didn't anyone follow you?
I don't understand; you have to be more direct.
That book is classified as "fiction."
"Fiction" is something that is not factual; it comes from imagination.
"Fiction" is not the same as "lying"; it is a literary art form.
The truth value of an assertion may be a probability value.
Your question isn't very democratic.
It seems to be one of the fundamental features of nature that fundamental physical laws are described in terms of a mathematical theory of great beauty and power.
Do you know how to cook a crab?
Do you know how to cook a lobster?
I love to hate you.
Muriel just turned twenty.
I admit this is an ambiguous answer.
I admit this isn't an unambiguous answer.
She must have been gorgeous when she was young.
She must have been gorgeous in her youth.
I often play volleyball.
I play a lot of volleyball.
Please do not add comments.
You remember it?
Is there something you want to ask me for?
He came, he saw, and he lost.
She came, she saw... and she didn't say a thing.
I'm going to talk to Tom when he gets home.
I am waiting for my friend.
I will write to you next week.
What do you think about Tom?
All I can do is wait.
All I wanted was to make you happy.
She didn't go to school because she was sick.
In June, it rains a lot in Sendai.
I am studying languages. I can help you if you want me to. And maybe I'd like you to help me.
We do not know what she did at the party.
Yesterday we did many things. Today we're tired.
We've chosen a hotel near the museums.
We can go after lunch.
Tom is an honest person. That's why I like him.
When I was ten years old, I thought that when I would be sixteen, my life would be cool.
When I was years old, I thought that when I would be 16, my life would be cool.
Why are you under the table?
Frankly speaking, he was quite shy.
The children sense what is happening between the parents.
The children sense what's going on between the parents.
Your face says that you don't agree.
The children aren't capable of weighing complicated things.
He can speak French and English.
It was really cold on Tuesday.
On Tuesday, it was really cold.
They suffer from muscle pains.
They put up with muscle pain.
Few live to be a hundred years old.
Few reach the age of one hundred.
Pay attention to what I say.
Listen attentively to what I say.
Learning is the elixir that makes the human brain the most powerful organic decision-making and problem-solving tool on the planet.
That's really annoying.
My brother hates me.
My sister hates me.
She's dating my brother.
He's dating my sister.
My wife is pregnant!
He lifted his hat politely.
She was almost run over by a car.
With perseverance, even the snails boarded the ark.
The flag is raised.
A solution to America's fiscal woes may be found in spending alone or in revenue alone, but the problem stems from a lack of balance--between both.
All will be well.
The Tatoeba corpus contains so many contributions that it can not be seriously damaged or denatured by the injection of any conceivable amount of noise.
In deleting his comments, censor-boy maims the record.
Authentic language varies in time and between places and populations.
Languages belong to all their speakers, who have a common interest in utility and in beauty.
Propaganda is communication intended to persuade.
"The day pulls to a close" is a barbarism, possibly entirely opaque if you fail to recognize it as a translation of "The day draws to a close."
All gods demand sacrifice. Good gods have you give up selfishness. Bad gods want blood.
You can't take those!
If a man does not keep pace with his companions, perhaps it is because he hears a different drummer. Let him step to the music which he hears, however measured or far away.
Generations of Americans were taught to fear--miscegenation, "the yellow peril," Italians, communism.
Small populations fear immigration with reason.
A small, homogeneous population with a precious culture--a Hopi village on a mesa top in America, e.g.--may be unable to tolerate any outsider for long.
There's a famous book in English whose entire last chapter is a single sentence.
There is nothing to fear but fearlessness.
Unreason's no threat to reason: interest's the threat.
If Persians seem extraordinarily polite, perhaps it is because politeness is built into their language.
I've heard the Malay for "word" means "a piece of something broken off."
"Mata" means "eye" in Malay, "mata mata" is "an indefinite number of eyes"--or the police.
In Martin Luther King's "I have a dream" and the folk song, "Last night I had the strangest dream," the word "dream" refers to a future different and better than today.
"Rest your features" is pseudo-polite for "Shut up."
When Achilles would draw his sword to slay Agamemnon, Athena, invisible to all else, holds him back by a lock of hair. Here Homer shows us the gods as the psychology of ancient Greece.
To wish another well bears more freight in Italian.
Like a bolt of lightning, a haiku struck me this morning, then vanished.
Haiku is a poetic form originating in Japan.
A haiku ought to have a word that pins it to a season.
Politicians are called whores because they listen to people who don't agree with us.
SNAFU is an acronym expressing the enlisted man's resigned acceptance of chaos. Situation Normal: All Fucked Up.
Many fine minds have no use for literature. In pitiful blindness, they say, "It's not real."
"The game's afoot" is Holmes's laconic call to action.
I was shocked to see that.
I was shocked to see it.
In the coming years the textile industry will adapt to the advent of free trade.
You'll tell me what about it?
Has Japanese such an expression?
"What did the teacher talk about?" asked the student.
She's a terrible do-nothing.
Stop being such dolts.
She can't put together three words in Spanish, and she claims she's intermediate.
He was caught in an ambush.
Listen, he doesn't know what he's saying.
She was sticking her tongue out.
Before you are finished, you will have been through fire.
I'd walk through fire with gasoline-soaked underpants for her.
Some books are to be tasted, others to be swallowed, and some few to be chewed and digested.
If I had known before I courted, I never would have courted none.
Booted and saddled and bridled rode he.
He kept reading the book.
He kept on reading the book.
The sicker of the two is not the one he thinks.
The building is a huge structure.
The building is a hideous pile.
A good deal of contemporary celebrity is tied to fan stupidity.
Is he really coming?
Dad gave me a computer game.
He sat down beside her.
This melody is very pleasing to my ears. Please continue.
That shirt doesn't go with the pants.
She noticed a boat in the far distance.
It's silly to read such a magazine.
Alice did not see the dog.
I'm glad you're to visit Tokyo next month.
He almost erupted in anger.
"I don't know anything about their plans" he said.
Do you understand what I want to say?
Is your brother's name Alexei?
They put him in this clinic after he said he was hearing voices.
This potato salad wants boiled eggs.
The potato salad wants boiled eggs.
He's an affected boy who looks down his nose at everybody.
He's a pretentious boy who thinks he's better than everyone else.
You know what you have to do.
You know what you must do.
Will you take this flower to Kate?
Will you give Kate this flower?
The names of Mars' dogs are Fear and Terror; those of the villain in "Green Mansions," Greedy and Dirty.
An authentic production will be recognized as such by any native speaker of sufficient experience, but the experience sufficient to one production may not suffice to another.
Does time really heal all wounds, or do we just become accustomed to having been wounded?
"You're another" is a hallowed rejoinder to playground taunts.
A book about popular-song writing recommends clichés.
Professional language producers can be expected to be ambivalent about clichés.
Children's books are a rich source of central vocabulary or at least of vocabulary central to the lives of children.
The post-war economic development of vanquished nations can be rapid if they are not looted by the victors. For this there are two reasons. First, everything has not been destroyed: some things are merely broken; and a relatively small effort of rehabilitation is multiplied by the value of what remains serviceable. Second is the disabling of entrenched power structures, which often stand as a bar to progress.
Every language has its own design.
He's absent-minded.
You or me, there's not much difference.
The boys are thirsty.
High-ranking Chinese and American officials met repeatedly to discuss the development of ties between the two countries.
It's the translations which seem to be the simplest that are often the most complex.
The Ministry of Environment would play a more important role that way.
She's stark naked.
She's as naked as a jaybird.
Is there a similar proverb in Japan?
Is there also a similar proverb in Japan?
Tom ran down the road as naked as a jaybird.
The difficult we do at once. The impossible takes a little longer.
She's a ghost writer.
Do you get me? Understand? Dig? Are you hip?
Natural languages are not a reflection of the peoples' culture but rather a result of a massive, uncontrolled and hasty urbanization process, which stripped people of their true national identity only to substitute it with the cattle atmosphere of McDonald's, reality TV and commercial porn.
A language is the foremost expression or artifact of any national culture, hence a language that isn't an expression of any particular heritage, is doomed to remain a mere universalist manifestation devoid of concrete daily usage.
Let me know!
Don't you want to know why?
I want to buy a dozen of those bananas.
The young guy wants to drink.
No need to leave them.
There was only one survivor of the accident.
They don't sell beer here.
There's no beer sold here.
In winter, night falls quickly.
The employees need to keep their hair short.
He likes adventures.
She is selling a new hat.
Give me a cup of milk, please.
No one supported me.
He got used to working two hours every day in the garden.
She doesn't know who built these houses.
Will she dare enter the forest?
As a devoted father, Bele escorts his son to school every day.
What a pleasant surprise!
Lo, the promised snow!
Y'all come! You all come see us, now!
Had I but seen it coming, I should have nipped this revolting development in the bud.
Before the advent of antibiotics, physicians had effective treatments for but a handful of diseases.
There is no breeze here.
The bits of costume and harness that Flaubert mentions have vanished, but the reasons he calls them out are eternal.
Saint Augustine's "Confessions" tells a timeless tale of intellectual search ending in orthodoxy.
A work like "In This House of Brede," which tells the story of a successful businesswoman who enters a convent in middle life, is as interesting--and for the same reasons--as a story that takes place on a planet orbiting a distant star.
That would be disastrous. Heaven forfend!
The Chinese lesson is very interesting.
Heaven forbid! That would be disastrous.
Thanks to a bureaucratic blunder, we don't have access to the building anymore.
What the hell was that?!
I might not be home when you arrive, so just wait outside if that happens.
Please be ready in about half an hour, okay?
The movie wasn't half bad.
Heh, I haven't hit IRC in a long time.
These stocks have grinded higher.
Rapidity of rise may be inversely proportional to duration at altitude.
Children are the hope of tomorrow.
Lenin learned German from books--in prison--"breaking the back of the language at the outset" by memorizing all the nouns. He was incensed when no-one in Germany could understand him.
The movie was a real tear-jerker.
Daytime serials were "soap operas," because manufacturers of laundry soap advertised there. Cowboy movies were "horse operas" by extension. Soap operas came to be called "soaps"; and horse operas, "oaters."
"Jerk" connotes an embarrasing social and verbal ineptness.
The crucial verb in SQL--Structured Query Language--is "SELECT." SELECT statements return row sets from tables, cursors, joins, or the row sets returned by other SELECT statements.
Why am I wandering blindly about?
No one over the age of thirty doesn't have a broken heart, and everyone has a sob story.
Tomorrow is not promised.
The derivatives of space with respect to time are velocity, acceleration, and jerk.
Can we talk later?
Would you like to take part in the festival?
I live in Osaka.
He betook himself to the lion's den.
He put himself into the lion's den.
He entered the lion's den.
He walked into the lion's den.
He stepped into the lion's den.
Now it's about what we do next.
If you play like that, you'll be checkmated in ten moves.
That means that water flows over the plaster and enters cracks easily.
Pain is not lessened by crying.
Health is all I want.
When the morning's first streetcar announces its arrival and glides smoothly up to the stop, there are many already standing and waiting there.
We spoke of several issues.
