Do you like to look at her picture?
Where is her picture?
Don't show me her picture anymore.
Where did she take this picture?
Don't look at her picture.
Give me her picture!
I want you to burn all of her pictures.
You keep her picture and you tell me you don't love her?
Whose picture is this?
Did you find another picture?
Burn all of her pictures!
What's this picture doing in your book?
Why do you keep a picture of her in your book?
Do you still want to remember her?
Did you ask her to give you her pictures?
My father went to Germany when he was young.
My father stayed a few days in Frankfurt.
My father learnt some German when he was in Germany.
Germany is one of Europe's most beautiful countries.
I have a friend who lives in Germany.
My aunt goes to Germany every year.
When will you go to Germany?
When will you go back to Germany?
When will you move to Germany?
Why did you come back from Germany?
Why didn't you stay in Germany?
Why didn't you even visit Germany?
Why didn't you go to Germany?
Is it true that you wanted to live in Germany?
Is it true that you have a brother in Germany?
How was your stay in Germany?
What do you like in Germany?
Which places did you visit in Germany?
Were there a lot of Algerians in Germany?
Did you find a lot of Algerians in Germany?
Are there a lot of Moroccans in Germany?
Why didn't you learn German while you were in Germany?
I can't believe that you went to Germany and you didn't learn German!
If I go to Germany, I will learn German.
Is Germany as beautiful as the Netherlands?
The cat was sitting on the window and the dog was barking outside.
Is it true that you wanted to buy a car from Germany?
Why do you want to go to Germany?
Are there a lot of Africans in Germany?
Put your finger in your throat.
Algeria is a country in North Africa.
I don't know a lot of things about Germany.
Germany is a federal state.
Does Coca-Cola contain caffeine?
Are you sure you want to go to Germany?
Mr. Wang learnt German because he wanted to work in Germany.
I'm too old to go to Germany.
I learnt a lot of things about Germany thanks to German TV channels.
Who do you know in Germany?
Where does he live in Germany?
Is Germany good?
Are there any beaches in Germany?
Tell me about Germany.
Tell me about the Turkish in Germany.
Which newspapers did you read in Germany?
What's the largest city in Germany?
Why did she remain in Germany?
Did anyone see him in Germany?
Is it true that Tom went to Germany?
But is it true that he wanted to go to Germany?
Why didn't he go to Germany?
Did you buy a house in Germany?
Did he get married when he was in Germany?
Did you drive when you were in Germany?
What did you study in Germany?
Why did you send your daughter to Germany?
What does your son do in Germany?
Does your brother have his own house in Germany?
Did you take these pictures in Germany?
How do you like Germany?
Did you go to a concert in Germany?
How's life in Germany?
Do you have any family in Germany?
Tom even learnt some Turkish in Germany.
I went as far as Germany but I didn't have time to visit Alexander.
Have you visited any beautiful places in Germany?
It is said that she studied translation in Germany.
You are such a coach potato.
Don't be such a couch potato!
The hut of that old trapper is not far.
Some Sioux gave that old trapper a golden nugget.
Here is the map.
I work at an embassy.
I will do my homework.
I will be doing my homework.
If you will need anything.
That will be better for you.
That is the Charles street.
A professor is teaching Czech.
Did you work in Germany?
Did you meet Jasmin in Germany?
Is your brother still in Germany?
I still dream about Germany.
I will never forget Germany.
Jasmin is a German girl.
Was it easy for you to find a job in Germany?
Did you bring this car from Germany?
I am calling from Germany.
I say this so that you understand.
Are you calling from Germany?
I don't think that this car was made in Germany.
Kaiser will go to Germany next week.
Does Jasmin still live in Germany?
Is this your letter?
Why didn't you get married in Germany?
Is this your beer?
Whose beer is this?
This is my beer.
How long did you stay in Germany?
What's the most beautiful city in Germany?
Is Germany near Italy?
If you didn't understand, you only had to say so.
Do you drink beer?
I am watching this video.
She's her daughter.
What's the longest river in Germany?
What's Germany's largest lake?
What's Germany's highest mountain?
Yes, this is my union.
What's Germany's largest forest?
Is this your union?
This is my union.
What's Germany's highest building?
Germany has two capital cities.
When was Germany reunited?
Germany has good football players.
Are there still wild bears in Germany?
Are there still wolves in Germany?
Are there scorpions in Germany?
Are you sure that this car was made in Germany?
This is an egg.
Why do you want to go as far as Germany to buy a car?
I didn't see any bear in Germany.
I drove from Germany to Italy.
Were these pictures taken in Germany?
Nobody knew that you were in Germany.
Do you drink beer or wine?
Women are not permitted to drive cars in Saudi Arabia.
I have told you everything I know about Germany.
He knows everything about Germany.
Saudi women are not permitted to leave their country alone.
His parents came from Germany.
Saudi women are not permitted to leave their country without their husbands.
He knows Germany like the back of his hand.
He doesn't know anything about Germany.
He studied art in Germany.
Kaiser was born in Germany.
Jasmin was born in Germany.
This is an eye.
Is it cold in Germany?
Are there floods in Germany?
We actually have four legs.
Are there earthquakes in Germany?
Is Germany as cold as Canada?
He flinches whenever he hears a loud, sudden noise.
Where did you put her picture?
He landed himself a really plum job.
I asked her to slowly read off the numbers on the meter.
When you rob a bank, you go to jail. When a bank robs you, they hand out bonuses.
The criticism was trenchant but fair.
This legislation constitutes a full-fledged attack on consumer rights.
Don't upset mommy.
You ride a bike and climb a ladder. But what do you do with a hula hoop?
I want you to tear up her pictures.
Gather all of her pictures and burn them.
It will not happen again.
I don't want to bore you by repeating things you already know.
He knows how to manage a company.
He knows how to shear a sheep.
He knows how to recite the Quran.
He knows how to recite poems.
He knows how to pray.
There's a chance he won't play on Friday.
There are a lot of things to see in Germany.
You will like Germany.
He is able to recite the Koran.
Why don't you say it in Berber?
Why don't you write it in Berber?
Why don't you speak Berber with Berbers?
Why don't you write in Berber to Berbers?
Why don't you use your language?
He knows how to switch on the lamp.
He knows how to curse in Chinese.
He knows how to greet people in all languages.
How to thank him in Turkish?
We'll just have to see where he is.
There's someone trapped in the car.
He knows how to show love.
Now you can cross the road.
Write with a pen.
"Where do you want to go?" "Anywhere."
Draw with a pencil.
Cut the meat with a knife.
Cut up the wood with an ax.
Burn this picture with a lighter.
Paint this room with a brush.
Kill that bear with a rifle.
It's not the first time I've seen this sentence.
Germany is a federal republic.
I like to advise people.
I like to anger Tom.
I like to annoy Mary.
I like to add new sentences to Tatoeba.
I like to receive letters from friends.
I like to answer this kind of question.
Mr. Wang learnt German because he wanted to go to Germany.
Although this chap came into the world in a somewhat impudent fashion, before he was sent for, his mother was pretty; we had fun making him, and the illegitimate fellow must be acknowledged.
He sent me a comic book from Germany.
I like to bring my daughters to the park.
He knows how to open this door.
He knows how to use this weapon.
He knows how to close this window.
I like to brush my teeth with this toothpaste.
I like to comb my hair with this comb.
I like to build bridges.
I like to water the garden.
I like to buy clothes.
I like to download books.
I like to calculate.
I like to card wool.
I like to wear a watch.
I like to wear a tunic.
I like to catch flies.
I like to chew tobacco.
I like to change my clothes.
I like to correct sentences.
I like to check my Facebook account.
I like to win prizes.
I like to chop wood.
I like to ask questions to doctors.
I like to give gifts.
I like to clean my room.
I like to climb mountains.
I like to conjugate difficult verbs.
I like to prepare the table.
I like to watch this series.
I like to call Tom names.
I like to call Mary in the morning.
I like to see these pictures.
I like to smile at Mary.
I like to take my children to the beach.
I like to repair phones.
I like to visit my uncle.
I like to peel apples.
I like to remind my mother of those days.
I like to remember that party.
I like to comb my hair.
I like to take a shower at night.
I like to spend my holidays in Germany.
I like to cook traditional dishes.
I like to try new cars.
I like to invent useful things.
I like to invest money in interesting projects.
I like to invite my friends home.
I like to cut trees with an ax.
I like to cut up wood in my backyard.
I like to dance with Mary.
I like to translate quotations.
I like to fry fish.
I like to dye my hair.
I like to do my homework.
I like to grow flowers.
I hope he isn't ill.
I like to pick roses.
I like to participate in this project.
I like to make my wife happy.
I like to make Mary laugh.
I like to make faces at Tom.
I like to mime President Bush.
I like to imitate Queen Elizabeth.
I like to praise Mary.
Come and catch me if you dare.
Our teacher is a real idiot.
The BBC is my favourite channel.
Who installed the new hard drive?
A sense of expectation is hanging in the air.
When can we meet again?
I haven't read all of her novels.
We will not be able to send the package first thing tomorrow morning.
All countries have a responsibility to preserve the ancestral relics of every people group within their borders, and to pass these on to the coming generations.
My notebook is pink.
Here's my pink notebook.
Does it rain much in Germany?
Are there big rivers in Germany?
Did you drive a Mercedes in Germany?
Did you work as a cab driver in Germany?
Did you keep a pet in Germany?
Were her children born in Germany?
I have never been to Germany.
Oh, my God! Frankfurt is in Germany, not in the Middle East!
My trip to Australia is officially booked.
I imagine music will be on a server somewhere - but not on a hard disk.
I'm glad that you want to support this project.
We need more Norwegian sentences.
Hey, that rhymes!
Some cookies are stored indefinitely on users' hard drives.
Germany is called "Deutschland" in German.
He talks a lot about Germany.
The embassy sent me a book about Germany.
I lent Tom a book about Germany.
He used to ask me so many questions about Germany.
Do you want to go to Germany?
Do you really want to go to Germany?
What do you want to do in Germany?
Do you think it's easy to find a job in Germany?
Don't tell me that you want to become a bum in Germany.
Stop dreaming! If you can't work, you can't go to Germany.
Do you still like to talk about Germany as before?
Why do you have a house in Germany and another one in Turkey?
I like to spend winters in Germany.
My grandmother was sent to a hospital in Germany.
My grandmother underwent surgery in Germany.
My uncle lives in Germany.
These cars were imported from Germany.
I didn't need to go to Germany.
Even if you're hungry, you must eat slowly.
He is not always happy.
I have wine.
I'm investigating a very interesting case.
Yes, this is a wine.
He has wine.
Is this your wine?
This is my wine.
Is this my wine?
This is your wine.
Whose wine is this?
Is the wine red?
Yes, the wine is red.
Is this wine?
She has wine.
You have wine.
We have wine.
They have wine.
Eat me!
Laurie is a beautiful girl.
Russia Today is a 24/English news channel.
This is their handbag.
This is your handbag.
This is our handbag.
This is her handbag.
This is his handbag.
This is my handbag.
She just wrote a book.
The sun is white.
I love your name.
I am gay.
This dog is gay.
You're gay.
He is gay.
Joshua is gay.
She's a dog.
I will live in the city.
I want to live in the city.
This is my dick.
This is my red pencil.
Is this your red pencil?
What colour is your pencil?
My pencil is red.
Is this your pencil?
This is my pencil.
Is this pencil red or white?
This pencil is white.
This pencil is red.
This pencil is not grey.
This pencil is not gray.
Your pencil is very dark.
Is today Friday?
Yes, today is Friday.
Beliefs are not liable to verification.
Does he come here?
Does he usually come here?
I am seeing it.
I am having a look at it.
Is that website good?
What do you think of our website?
I have never seen this picture on the net.
Can you call him?
He's rarely on the Internet.
I rarely see him on the Internet.
Hello again.
We have to ask after Tom.
We will come back tomorrow.
Now, Tom has a job.
Is there electricity in your house?
I looked for a job.
I'm a housewife.
Laurie is beautiful.
Laurie lives in Melbourne.
Where's Laurie's house?
Where is Laurie from?
Laurie is from Australia.
How old is Laurie?
I live in Moscow.
You live in St. Petersburg.
Laurie's family lives in Brisbane.
Laurie's family is here.
I'd love to get something to eat with Tom.
Casey lives in Tver.
Laurie was very kind.
Laurie is reading a book now.
The house is too cold.
This paper is white.
Is this paper white?
No, this paper isn't white.
Whose paper is this?
Whose tea is this?
Do you drink black coffee?
Where is Damascus?
Damascus is in Syria.
It's the most wonderful time of the year.
It's raining but never mind, I can still go.
It rained today so he can't come anymore.
She left an hour ago so she should've arrived by now.
Have you ever written a blog?
You made me laugh.
I'm from Georgia.
I'm from Greece.
I'm from Croatia.
This isn't good.
Laurie loves me.
Is Laurie at home?
Laurie is a young girl.
Laurie is listening to music.
I read the old documents.
I'm from Romania.
I'm from Bulgaria.
He isn't our enemy.
Laurie means a lot to me.
Laurie is expressing herself.
This is your time!
Laurie fell in love with me.
Do you want to eat something, Laurie?
Please stop changing channels.
What will the newspapers say?
My house is small.
How big is your dog? Mine is small.
How many bedrooms does your house have?
My house has two bedrooms.
I have not understood anything.
I will explain to him until he understands.
I was expecting this.
Jobs are scarce.
Why did you leave your job on the farm?
I work at my friend's shop.
Tom doesn't like his work.
Why does Tom work at home?
Tom works at home.
I felt a deep pain.
Aki Yerushalayim is a cultural magazine written in Ladino.
The official language of Israel is Modern Hebrew.
Your dog is over there.
You can trust them.
You make me laugh a lot.
The freezer's in the garage.
Listen to your mother!
Finally, I've found her.
That English book is too difficult for me to read.
It's my picture, not yours.
Is this the reason why mom left dad?
Get down here!
I'm now watching Russia Today.
I watch the BBC.
No, I don't watch CNN.
Do you watch BBC or CNN?
This pear is green.
We have an orange tree.
Is this pear green?
This is a good time.
This is a very good time.
He is young.
She is young.
It is young.
They are bored.
This sentence does not belong to me.
Due to the lack of attendees, we have to postpone the general assembly.
Close all the doors and windows!
She thought that I was the doctor.
I will give you a call tomorrow night.
We invite you to listen to us again.
How much?
He saw the girl.
I like their house.
He's a gardener.
Whose jalousie is this?
The weather is cold.
The weather is stormy.
The weather is windy.
The weather is hot.
The weather is sunny.
The weather is cloudy.
The weather is foggy.
The weather is rainy.
The weather is snowy.
I live in Turkey.
The weather is good.
I love life.
This coffee is brown.
This is a good dictionary.
This dictionary is good.
Is this your dictionary?
Yes, this is my dictionary.
This dictionary is mine.
I want to live in Australia.
A habit cannot be tossed out the window; it must be coaxed down the stairs a step at a time.
We're working at the moment.
Do you like basketball?
I love you, Laurie.
American English isn't better than British English.
Whose son is Tom?
I said to Chad that you're in a position to influence people.
There are a lot of things that were unacceptable and can't continue to happen unless I make a stand and change it.
Would you open the window, please?
I love autumn.
I love summer.
These books are all mine.
Thank you for your attention.
You can't blame them.
I can't blame them.
You can't blame her.
You can't blame him.
I can't blame you.
I can't blame her.
I can't blame him.
Logic has no place here.
He was robbed of his youth.
She was robbed of her youth.
She has little contact with the children's father.
This will be on the test.
You can be anything you want.
It's 99.9% effective.
He has grown strong. Only together can we turn him to the dark side of the Force.
He's the cutest boy in town.
She's the cutest girl in town.
This is different.
He asked me to do it.
She asked me to do it.
I'm just calling to let you know I'll be late for the tomorrow dinner
Your father won't buy it.
Tom doesn't know the difference between wine and champagne.
You don't have a single reason to complain about anything.
That's what I wanted to ask.
Today is my little sister's birthday.
There's nothing more delicious than a seafood casserole.
We share a dream.
No one will change anything.
The bank is closed on Sunday.
I remember that I closed the door.
In contrast to many rumours, I don't know everything.
I closed the door so no one could hear us.
Graham Greene is my favourite writer.
Could you tell me how to delete this sentence?
I am very honored!
You speak Xhosa well.
Seventeen men on the dead man's chest, yo-ho-ho, and a bottle of rum!
Do you drink green tea?
Pskov is in southern Russia.
Pskov is in the south of Russia.
I admit that I was wrong.
What's the air temperature today?
Tishrei is the first month of the Hebrew year.
It's as simple as two times two.
It's not worth worrying about it.
If she doesn't love you, what's the problem? You can love yourself.
Sorry for not answering your question. I didn't see it.
"I can't believe that they sleep together!" "Why not? It's perfectly normal to take a teddy bear to bed with you."
Cats don't like getting wet.
I think about it day and night.
I'd like to stay here a little longer.
If it gets boring, I will go home.
If it's fun, I will stay.
At what time are you leaving?
If it gets boring, I'll go home.
He plied her with alcohol until she was unable to resist his advances.
Cows spend hours just chewing their cud.
These new computers can crunch data faster than ever.
I've been way busier than expected.
Begin!
What's your favourite advert?
This clock is mine.
Really, I don't look at it that way.
And when the hourglass has run out, the hourglass of temporality, when the noise of secular life has grown silent and its restless or ineffectual activism has come to an end, when everything around you is still, as it is in eternity, then eternity asks you and every individual in these millions and millions about only one thing: whether you have lived in despair or not.
The media's the most powerful entity on Earth. They have the power to make the innocent guilty and to make the guilty innocent, and that's power. Because they control the minds of the masses.
It's important that you share your pain.
If I cared about all your criticism, I wouldn't be where I am.
Whoever thinks: "These days, everyone speaks English" or "The entire world speaks English" without asking what portion of the global population it is that speaks English, and how well they can speak it, is someone who does not want to see the reality in front of their eyes.
Can you keep the eggs outside the fridge?
I don't know if he was praying, but he spent the entire morning in the church.
Laurie is tidying her room.
Did I touch a nerve?
I think I touched a nerve.
This country suffers from brain drain.
I'm very fortunate.
He's a law-abiding citizen.
She's a law-abiding citizen.
I find her intriguing.
I find him intriguing.
I find you intriguing.
That's just the way it is.
Are you interested in me?
Is she interested in me?
Is he interested in me?
This is infuriating.
That's not always the case.
This should be fun.
This is not a dating website.
Is this your idea of a good time?
What is your idea of a good time?
The principal presented the new teacher.
He is armed to the teeth.
She is armed to the teeth.
She leaves tonight, but she still hasn't started packing up the bags.
Is something bothering you?
She has a new man in her life.
He has a new woman in his life.
She has fallen in love with me.
He has fallen in love with me.
They ate and drank wine.
Everybody needs one.
Don't be so impatient.
You can make your own.
It is what I would do.
It's what I would do.
It's shockingly inexpensive.
She drank straight from the bottle.
He drank straight from the bottle.
They spoke briefly.
We spoke briefly.
Let me deal with him.
Let me deal with her.
She cooked me dinner.
He cooked me dinner.
I cooked her dinner.
I cooked him dinner.
I'll rip your head off!
She'll rip my head off.
He'll rip my head off.
Tom is warm and generous.
He's self-employed.
She's self-employed.
Tom is open and trusting.
He's open and trusting.
She's open and trusting.
That's how it was.
Changes came quickly.
They know what's going on.
He knows what's going on.
She knows what's going on.
We should not have done that. It was wrong.
You should not have done that. It was wrong.
I should not have done that. It was wrong.
She was voted prom queen.
He was voted prom king.
Things happened very quickly.
He intrigues me.
She intrigues me.
It can't possibly work.
I was in the right place at the right time.
He was in the right place at the right time.
She was in the right place at the right time.
They were in the right place at the right time.
Everything went as planned.
She didn't win the prize, but she competed until the last moment and surprised everyone.
Jorge Luis Borges spoke English and Spanish since one of his grandmothers was an Englishwoman.
Everyone had left, and he stayed there.
The leader ordered the troops to retreat.
I would give you the moon if I could.
Tom spoke to Mary from beyond.
You know it better than anyone else.
I am a nice, good-looking girl looking for the man of my life.
Sorry, good looking is not enough for me. Call me again when you will have grown beautiful.
Mustafa Kemal Atatürk proclaimed the Turkish Republic in 1923.
I would like to say something.
I want to say something.
Was the soup tasty?
There is no situation that is without hope.
I didn't play tennis yesterday.
Yesterday I did not play tennis.
Don't hate something that you don't understand.
Do you know what this word's equivalent is?
She hummed a song.
I don't want to marry very early.
They are boiling water for tea.
Yesterday I put on a hat as it was very cold.
I donned a hat yesterday, because it was very cold.
My brother is two years older than me, but three centimeters shorter.
This is not my car.
My father loves everyone in the world.
I love my mother and she loves me.
I am your father.
Now I really started to talk nonsense.
When my interview was postponed until 3, I wandered around killing time.
The host carved the turkey for the guests.
The best don't always reap the rewards.
It's the best there is.
I have never known someone as hypocritical as you.
Not that much!
Our plane landed in Ankara late at night.
It could not be better.
The noise is going to wake the baby.
We've decided to move the meeting to next Sunday.
He's better than I.
He's never been better.
He can do better.
One's as bad as the other.
I did the best I could.
Have you seen anything down there?
There isn't anything down here.
There isn't anything down there.
What's going on up there?
What are they doing up there?
Did you break anything down there?
I didn't break anything down here.
I don't like to call it "the tricolor". I prefer the "French flag."
The "tricolor" isn't the only tricolor flag in the world.
He owns one cat and two dogs.
Are you down there?
He doesn't like any sport.
Everybody felt the earthquake, except me.
She doesn't like anyone.
Nobody likes her.
This is why nobody likes her.
Nobody can love him.
I go to work with my neighbor.
I like the new South African flag.
Nobody knows that I have bought a new car.
He bought a new car, but he didn't tell anyone about that.
He didn't come to work with his car.
He didn't want to park his new car on the street.
He said that he bought an old car.
She looks at me but I'm too shy to look at her.
Basically, it is the same thing.
In October, the leaves begin to fall.
It was very hard.
I have a different opinion.
Have you finished your question?
They are both very intelligent.
Now, let me answer your question, please.
Where did you buy this watermelon from?
Now he has teeth and he can bite.
The eternal flame of love burned only half a year.
Where is the difference?
I want you to put down the magazines, the textbooks and everything else.
You've already had cake.
He is, more or less, my size.
We will be having some guests tonight.
In the evening, we will have some guests.
When did this happen?
Come taste!
What other option do I have?
I'm about to go to the cinema.
Success! This is the five-thousandth Klingon sentence on Tatoeba!
I need more examples to know how this word is used.
No need to translate this sentence. I understand it.
I am tired!
He's just buying time.
I translated all her sentences in Berber.
He has a meeting every Sunday afternoon.
I work on Sunday.
Did you buy juice?
When will you finish this translation?
Is Nady a boy or a girl?
Mary is very angry with her sister.
We had dinner at a restaurant with the manager.
Where does this word come from?
Miss Caifeng wants to teach me Chinese.
Next time I see this sentence, I will translate it.
A lot of people think that bats are birds.
A lot of people think that whales are fish.
If I read a thousand books in English, will I become fluent in it?
If I watch a thousand movies in English, will I become fluent in it?
How long should I live in England in order to become fluent in English?
Is it necessary to live in an English-speaking country in order to become fluent in English?
When I opened my eyes, I realized she was right by my side.
In case I don't survive, preserve my brain.
He has big problems.
I didn't feel very well, but I went to work anyway.
I will wait for you before school starts.
It costs around thirty Euros.
He is merely a child.
When did you pass the exam?
And now, it's my turn!
Their job is to shear the sheep.
Their job is to feed the cattle.
Their job is to wash the cars.
Their job is to wipe the tables.
Their job is to clean the garage.
Their job is to write articles.
Their job is to milk the cows.
Their job is to contact clients.
Their job is to make the king laugh.
Their job is to add examples to the dictionary.
Their job is to advise the president.
Their job is to confuse learners of the language.
Their job is to bake bread.
Their job is to bind books.
Their job is to build houses.
Their job is to bury dead animals.
Their job is to calculate salaries.
Their job is to call clients.
Their job is to make fake orders, in order to cause trouble for the rival company.
Their job is to buy fruit and vegetables.
Their job is to card the wool.
Their job is to check the security system.
Their job is to chop the wood.
Their job is to clear gardens.
Their job is to coat the walls with plaster.
Their job is to connect the computers to the network.
Their job is to cook for the soldiers.
Their job is to correct articles.
Their job is to cut the vegetables.
Laurie doesn't like Diet Cola.
Their job is to cut up the wood.
Their job is to do the dishes.
Their job is to download new software.
Their job is to draw plans.
Their job is to drive the limousines.
Their job is to dust the furniture.
When did you take the exam?
Their job is to fell the dead trees.
I'm OK with having just one friend.
Their job is to fry the potatoes.
The thing I hate most about him is that he boasts of having had good grades in school despite not studying.
Their job is to grill the meat.
Their job is to grow flowers.
Their job is to help old people.
I think that I'm not academically oriented.
Their job is to install new software on the company's computers.
Their job is to interrogate suspects.
Their job is to iron clothes.
I'm listening to a Harry Potter audio book with the Walkman I just bought.
I forgot to bring my book, so I'm free.
Their job is to do make-up for performing artists.
Their job is to mop the office.
Their job is to close the store.
Their job is to open the workshop.
Their job is to paint cars.
Their job is to organize exhibitions.
It was his decision.
It is his decision.
I've received the admission ticket for the exam, but I haven't decided yet if I will go. I haven't studied at all.
I bought many books in Classical Japanese and I'm studying them, but it's hard, isn't it?
Don't fall into her trap.
The girl wore a light blue kimono.
It's too risky.
Who doesn't want to be a millionaire?
Don't laugh.
There are things that women will never understand...
Actually, I have no intention to quit right now.
One male American student out of five said that he drank more than drinks a day.
My mother is a lawyer.
Why don't we go somewhere together?
There's no entertainment in the countryside.
There's no entertainment for young people around here.
This program was brought to you by the sponsors here displayed.
Most of his friends are girls.
Most of her friends are boys.
I had the exact same feeling.
I'm super hungry.
I can talk to him for hours.
It's frustrating and confusing.
It was frustrating and confusing.
He's a junior employee.
She's a junior employee.
You can't handle the truth.
He can't handle the truth.
She can't handle the truth.
She had a perfect alibi.
Would you like to have some tea?
If you wanted to improve your Spanish, you shouldn't have come to Chile.
He wants something more.
She wants something more.
I want something more.
She said that she saw a suspicious man.
Are Osakans greedy?
This loaf of bread is big.
This loaf of bread is small.
Laurie ate the salad.
Laurie went to her favourite restaurant to eat.
Laurie went to London.
Laurie drank the cola.
This is Laurie's dictionary.
Laurie is going to the United Kingdom for vacation.
I fell in love with a matryoshka.
I live in Fiji.
Vanuatu is in Oceania.
She's Georgian.
He's Georgian.
No, Laurie isn't fat.
Laurie is slim.
Laurie is twenty years old.
Is Laurie fat?
Laurie is my girlfriend.
I love Laurie's hair.
I am fond of Australian food.
Most matryoshkas are wooden.
I'm Azerbaijani.
I'm Azeri.
I'm Icelandic.
I'm Turkish.
My son thinks that bats are reptiles because they're like pteranodons.
Graduating from university without studying is a victory, isn't it.
You must not give up.
I like things like horumonyaki!
I like grilled offals!
Would you like to eat some udon?
It is often said that Osaka is a city of commerce.
All the seats in this train are non-smoking.
I ate an Omurice.
I ate a Japanese rice omelette.
Please reconsider.
The patient has no pulse.
Don't be fooled by her appearance.
There are some people who think that they can't write a novel because they lack the vocabulary.
His house is small and moreover it's old.
Do you have some dango?
Lately, I haven't been able to see him, we just pass by each other.
We have one hour left until the train's departure, don't you want to drop by the bookstore?
Excuse me, can you make the sushi without wasabi?
I must be getting tired. I feel sleepy as soon as I finish eating supper.
Wow, I saw a car painted with anime characters for real. I think it's the first time.
My mother has been taking French lessons for several years.
This is a heartwarming movie.
What's that thing? I have absolutely no idea.
I don't smoke or drink. I just do pills.
I'm sorry. I will be minutes late.
Have you ever wanted to make a comment, but posted it as a translation by mistake?
You should call the police.
The girls' conversation had no end.
Tom has passed away.
I am full of doubt.
He would rather go by train than by plane.
She would rather go by train than by plane.
February has only days.
My daughter was in a light blue dress.
I prefer oranges to apples.
Jessie is my most attractive friend.
He is not so much a translator as a poet.
The German energy reform is unaffordable.
Could you possibly translate this for me?
What's the meaning of life?
I'm finished with you.
You're back again.
I don't know if I should stay or run.
"Where is my watch?" "It's in your drawer."
"Where are my shoes?" "They are under the bed."
"Where is my satchel?" "It's on the chair."
"Where are my keys?" "They are in my handbag."
"Where is my sandwich?" "It's in the kitchen."
"Where is my car?" "It's in the garage."
"Where is my book?" "It's in the classroom."
"Where is my wife?" "She is in jail."
"Where is my classroom?" "It's on the third floor."
"Where is my phone?" "It's on my desk."
To unsubscribe, click here.
The killer could have been stopped.
I yearn for victory.
How do you call this vegetable in English?
He lived alone in the countryside.
April is the cruellest month.
The majority of mankind is lazy-minded, incurious, absorbed in vanities, and tepid in emotion, and is therefore incapable of either much doubt or much faith; and when the ordinary man calls himself a sceptic or an unbeliever, that is ordinarily a simple pose, cloaking a disinclination to think anything out to a conclusion.
I have measured out my life with coffee spoons.
I have heard the mermaids singing, each to each. I do not think that they will sing to me.
Someone said: "The dead writers are remote from us because we know so much more than they did." Precisely, and they are that which we know.
The bad poet is usually unconscious where he ought to be conscious, and conscious where he ought to be unconscious.
Poetry is not a turning loose of emotion, but an escape from emotion; it is not the expression of personality, but an escape from personality.
I will show you fear in a handful of dust.
Grishkin is nice: her russian eye is underlined for emphasis; uncorseted, her friendly bust gives promise of pneumatic bliss.
This is the way the world ends. Not with a bang but a whimper.
Prophesy to the wind, to the wind only for only the wind will listen.
It will do you no harm to find yourself ridiculous. Resign yourself to be the fool you are.
But you cannot understand. How could you understand what it is to feel old?
The one thing to do is to do nothing. Wait.
What is hell? Hell is oneself.
Half the harm that is done in this world is due to people who want to feel important.
Disillusion can become itself an illusion if we rest in it.
No, a dango is not a mochi.
Tom and Mary both have very few friends.
Your view of existence is different from mine.
Tom thinks that all Asians look the same.
It's an unpopular idea.
It's a popular idea.
People keep saying that she's beautiful, but really, she isn't.
People keep saying that he's beautiful, but really, he isn't.
He parties too much.
She parties too much.
I party too much.
You party too much.
He parties too hard.
She parties too hard.
You party too hard.
You are such a liar!
She married a hotshot lawyer from New York.
He doesn't have a computer.
All the passengers died, but he survived.
She doesn't have a computer.
I don't have a computer.
I hope you have a good time!
I'm a total wreck.
You're a total wreck.
She's a total wreck.
He's a total wreck.
He lied to his parents.
She lied to her parents.
I lied to my parents.
Did you lie to your parents?
She's cute and fun.
I really like her.
I really like him.
I don't really like her.
I don't really like him.
It's an excellent solution.
I have to go back to the office.
I want to get married, just not to you.
Why do you want to do this?
He declined to comment.
She declined to comment.
No one believed me.
No one believed him.
No one believed her.
No one believes him.
No one believes her.
No one believes me.
No one will believe him.
No one will believe her.
No one will believe them.
No one will believe you.
No one will believe us.
No one will believe me.
As far as I'm concerned, English is not easy.
He's brave and honest.
She's brave and honest.
He stayed at a nice hotel.
She stayed at a nice hotel.
I stayed at a nice hotel.
We stayed at a nice hotel.
He stayed at a cheap hotel.
She stayed at a cheap hotel.
I stayed at a cheap hotel.
We stayed at a cheap hotel.
I wear designer clothes myself.
She wears designer clothes.
You should thank me.
He should thank me.
She should thank me.
They should thank me.
He didn't want to talk about it further.
She didn't want to talk about it further.
I don't want to talk about it further.
I didn't know you had a girlfriend.
I didn't know you had a boyfriend.
I didn't know you had a cat.
Don't try to pull a fast one on me!
He tried to pull a fast one on me.
She tried to pull a fast one on me.
No one cares.
Pompeii is crumbling.
Thieves plundered the museum.
This archaeological site was damaged during the war.
Looters stole ancient artifacts from the tomb.
He was wearing nothing but his underwear.
She was wearing nothing but her underwear.
I know very little about her.
I know very little about him.
Tom was my great-great-great-grandfather.
The situation is critical.
There's a lot to do.
He works at a tattoo parlor.
She works at a tattoo parlor.
Tom's father was diagnosed with a brain tumor last year.
Is it true that in Spain there's a statue of Hernán Cortez stepping on the severed head of an indian?
Bring it back when you're done.
Have you got your ID with you?
He's busier than Taro.
A ship of dreams landed in a nightmare.
He asked me to write him a love letter in Arabic.
Does your sister live there?
Does your sister work there?
Does your sister study there?
Does your sister teach there?
I recommend you visit the Imperial War Museum in London.
I have just returned from a pleasant vacation at the seaside.
He studied Banking in London.
Wipe your nose.
I am employed as a librarian in an academic library.
He loves writing articles for Wikipedia.
He loves writing entries for Wikipedia.
What a tasty cake!
The seminar participants intend on exchanging experiences and in doing so learn from each other.
He hit me in the face.
She is always young.
Do not beat around the bush; we have a problem, don't we?
Is it possible that a year old girl never had erotic dreams?
You did not call Marie.
Can you come and help me do this exercise? I have been pulling my hair out for two hours and I am still stuck.
You are so cute.
Are you criticized by your boss?
I cannot think any other way.
Excuse me, what is the name of this place?
Who wrote the book?
Did you find that on the internet?
Here, snow falls in large flakes.
East is a wispy matter.
An ancient bronze mirror studded with glass beads was discovered in the tomb looted by the robbers centuries ago.
He is not young.
How to say this sentence in your language?
Let's translate this sentence in all the languages of the world.
Not a single sentence has been translated in all the languages of the world.
He stretched his arms and welcomed us.
He is no longer young.
The threat was inexorably close.
We ran out of the building.
He ran away from her.
It's a timed competition.
We visited the hippodrome. We visited the horse racecourse.
She loves to run.
He knows many people.
She still hasn't got used to the mobile telephone.
At what time do you eat breakfast?
Miss Pizza and Mr Porridge were walking in the woods.
I slept from ten in the evening.
That whiskey is very strong.
He is arriving from Genoa.
This whisky is very strong.
This is an extremely important correction.
I corrected the sentence after almost one month without response.
Yeah, show us your t... ranslations...
That text is open-minded.
They did an unimaginable job.
All of a sudden, I realized I must learn Polish.
The young man is often foolhardy.
Consideration is very necessary.
Willingness to correct is a sign of wisdom.
Willingness to correct is an indication of wisdom.
"The Thinker" is a well-known Rodin sculpture.
She has just graduated from college.
He has just graduated from college.
He's a well-known television personality.
He has four mobile phones.
He has only six months to live.
She has only six months to live.
I saw the movie.
Do you want to see my translations?
You have a really foul mouth!
Has Europe lost its soul?
The political leaders of Europe come together to try to save the euro, and with it the very project of European Union.
The market never reaches stable equilibrium.
The market tends to undermine the very values that gave rise to it.
What will it profit Europe if it gains the whole world yet loses its soul? Europe is in danger of losing its soul.
The history of the relationship between the Catholic Church and the Jews was not always a happy or an easy one. Too often it was written in tears.
Capitalism tends to erode the moral foundations on which it was built.
Capitalism might be the best means we know of for generating wealth, but it is not a perfect system for distributing wealth.
There is a wise American saying: Never waste a crisis. And the current financial and economic crisis affords us a rare opportunity to pause and reflect on where we have been going and where it leads.
She is only six months old.
He is only six months old.
You need to reboot your computer.
With whom did you go?
I don't like myself.
There will he find an Egmont and an Orange, the brave warriors of Emperor Charles, as wise in council as they are formidable in the field.
He is able to reproduce the original in its best and most trustworthy translation.
Deluded by the imprudent language of my looks, she surrendered to the sweet belief that she was the idol of these looks.
Twelve to fifteen years ago, there lived in the town, in a private home on the main street, a clerk, Gromov — a trustworthy and wealthy man.
He was indeed very stubborn but, on the other hand, trustworthy.
He is considered trustworthy.
He became a very trustworthy man.
In general, she is a trustworthy person.
Human intervention in nature has no limits.
Wine is the most reliable guidepost, since it advertises the joy, the sincere gaiety, the happiness to come.
This website is not a trustworthy source for research.
Did Tom really kill himself?
Did Tom kill himself?
I didn't know that Mary was Tom's mother.
Is Mary Tom's mother?
Why didn't you tell me that Mary was Tom's mother?
A ship's captain must remain observant that a reliable buoy be attached to each anchor by a sturdy rope, so that one could find and raise the anchor if its anchor-cable were to be shorn apart, were to fall into the sea or were to be hewn apart.
Does Tom know that Mary is his mother?
There are still a lot of things I don't know about Tom.
Reliable functioning is a basic condition for public presentation of a new product.
Tell me about your job.
What do you want to know about my job?
Is your job dangerous?
Do you treat farm animals?
Have you ever been bitten by a dog?
Prayer is a means of turning oneself towards a Deity.
The flowers will soon blossom.
I'll soon tell you whether is a magic number.
I think that I soon will go to sleep.
Here is a trustworthy human being.
When science shall have described all that is knowable in the universe, then God will be complete, if we take the word God as synonymous with the totality of existence.
Utilizing an ephemeris, an astronomer can calculate lunar phases and the times of rising and setting of the sun and of the moon all around the world and for any day of the year.
If the student had known his lesson better, the teacher would not have punished him.
Is this word known in your dialect?
My uncle is the only person who uses this word.
He didn't want to answer my question.
What was she doing in his room?
"How is the weather?" — "It's cold outside." — "Yes, and it's starting to rain."
What are you going to do in Japan?
I have never heard about a city called Nara. Where is it situated?
Is there a panda in this zoo?
Where I was yesterday is not your business.
I can't close this door. It's broken.
I knew that the bill would be rejected.
She thinks she is the most beautiful girl in the classroom.
Guess who I am.
I can see him but he cannot see me.
Berber is not as difficult as Icelandic.
Why do humans fear monsters? They are the worst monsters in the world!
In American movies, the black guy always dies first.
I can't watch this film, there is too much violence in it.
Don't let the kids watch this film.
Some Asian films are very difficult to understand.
Why are you cursing?
Why are you running?
Why are you spitting?
Why are you brushing your teeth?
Why are you touching your ear?
Why are you writing with a pencil?
Why are you speaking in French?
Why are you tearing this book?
Why are you biting your hand?
Why are you miming Mary?
Why are you making faces?
Why are you dancing?
Why are you singing?
Why are you waiting outside?
Why are you using this old computer?
Why are you preparing the table?
Why are you memorizing this poem?
Why are you looking at Mary?
Why are you calling Tom names?
Why are you packing up?
Why are you screaming?!
Why are you shouting at my mother?!
Why are you beating my mother?!
Why are you closing the store?
Why are you translating this article?
Why are you adding sentences to this website?
Why are you folding my clothes?
Why are you talking about money?
Why are you reading this novel?
Why are you playing with my racket?
Why are you jumping?
Why are you watching this clip?
Why are you drinking Mary's juice?
Why are you checking Mary's mailbox?
Why are you annoying your sister?
Why are you arguing with the manager?
Why are you burning these pictures?
Why are you crumbling this bread?
Why are you brushing your hair?
Why are you building a wall here?
Why are you burying these books?
Why are you calling the police?
Why are you carding the wool?
Why are you changing your clothes?
Why are you undressing?
Why are you dressing the kids?
Why are you dressing?
Why are you chopping the wood?
Why are you cutting up the meat?
Why are you cleaning the office?
Did you move there with your parents?
Did you move there by yourself?
Do your parents still live in Germany?
There are many lakes in the area where you live.
Do you go fishing on the lakes?
It's hard to find a suitable translation.
I have it on good authority that the president will not seek reelection.
She wants to be a tennis player when she grows up.
What would you like to be when you grow up?
There is nothing to apologize for.
Why are you stuttering?
Why are you sneezing?
Why are you climbing this tree?
Why are you clearing the garden?
Why are you coating this wall with lime?
Why are you cooking? It's too early.
Why are you correcting this text?
Why are you crossing the street?
Why are you cutting the fruits?
Why are you hiding behind the door?
Why are you doing your homework at this time?
Why are you doing the dishes? Let Tom do them.
Why are you doing shopping here? Everything is expensive.
Why are you downloading this music?
Our friendship is beyond those little misunderstandings.
Why are you tickling Mary?
Why are you drawing flowers?
Why are you driving Tom's car?
I forgot to bring warm clothes.
He forgot to bring clothes.
She forgot to bring her swimsuit.
He works in a call center.
She works in a call center.
It's because you're an idiot.
It's open to negotiation.
He must be dead.
She must be dead.
They must be dead.
It's kind of creepy.
This is one of the most bizarre things I've ever seen.
You must be mistaken.
You must move quickly.
We must move quickly.
I was forced to resign.
He was forced to resign.
She was forced to resign.
He's afraid of cats.
Stay down!
Get your ass in the car, now!
I politely corrected him.
She politely corrected me.
He politely corrected me.
I politely corrected her.
Yes, someone actually said that.
Competition is good.
Yes, he actually said that.
Yes, she actually said that.
I must warn him.
I must warn her.
I must warn them.
We must warn them.
We must warn her.
We must warn him.
There's not much you can do about it.
We're short on time.
I am paid weekly.
They both like sports.
It's a normal phenomenon.
He has a large staff working for him.
She has a large staff working for her.
She will have no choice but to accept.
He will have no choice but to accept.
I had no choice but to accept.
Shut up or I'll give you a fat lip!
It's a good start.
It won't be a problem.
He lived a long life.
Is anyone surprised?
This is not a good idea.
Don't touch anything.
Gambling is illegal.
He's a speed freak.
We're leaving.
These are my friends.
He has no idea what he's doing.
She has no idea what she's doing.
It's a trick.
We're running out of time.
He looks bored.
She looks bored.
He sounds disappointed.
She sounds disappointed.
They sound disappointed.
You sound disappointed.
She sounded disappointed.
He sounded disappointed.
Why do you think that?
You have been warned.
Use your instincts.
Trust your gut.
I understand your concern.
Vegemite is a popular Australian foodstuff.
Indigenous Australians have eaten kangaroos for millennia.
Kangaroo tail soup is known as an Australian dish, because kangaroos are found in Australia.
To tell you the truth, I was not pleased with the book.
I'm afraid my child may be taking drugs.
You've got licence to speak frankly.
He killed the mood last time with his jokes.
New York is proud of its museums.
His pictures are on display in various European and American museums.
I bought a guidebook for the museums of Florence.
In the Dutch city of Maastricht there must be churches; at times, some of them are used as stores, bars or museums.
They say that traditional Vietnamese feasts are living museums.
Do you add new sentences to Tatoeba?
Do you anger your parents?
Do you annoy your brothers?
Do you answer personal questions?
Do you apply some ointment on this wound?
Do you argue with your wife?
Do you ask your friends to lend you money?
Do you bake cakes in this oven?
Do you envy your neighbors?
Do you bet on horses?
Do you bind books?
Do you borrow books from this library?
Do you burn dead leaves in your backyard?
Do you break your glasses?
The sky is a pedestal for stars.
Hi, the blue sky!
Tom and Mary were looking for the unknown sentence and were wondering who was its author.
Through this sentence, the author was making it known to Tom and Mary that their destiny was escaping him, as he didn't understand the deep meaning of his own sentences.
The destiny of Tom and Mary ceaselessly haunted the author, weighed down by his own powerlessness to assume it.
Tom was asserting, judging by the verb in front of him, that the sentence was past tense, while Mary, seeing the gerundive under her eyes, was swearing it was a present.
Rephrasing is a collective art at Tatoeba.
The lotus has not just a flower but also a fruit.
"Do you want to know how he did it?" "I'm all ears."
Angela didn't sleep a wink that night.
Now we have to be very careful.
The worse the baddie, the better the film.
He fell, so I had to take him to the ER.
Do you plan on moving?
The tower stood among ruins.
Instead of complaining that we do not have all that we want, we should be thankful not to receive all that we deserve.
If you mix all three colors, you will get black.
Wind the clock.
Hello Miss!
In the egg yolk, there are more proteins than in egg whites.
Finally, I found the answer to your question.
Oslo is the capital of Norway.
Money is his God.
The sky cleared up.
He is a smart little guy.
He's done it in the past.
Do you still believe in this kind of stories?
When I was in England, I used to swear much.
Every time I meet him, I swear at him.
How do you want to be polite with people like him?
Can you translate this song for me?
I am tired of listening to Tom.
Translate every line of this text.
Don't smoke here.
If you want to leave, then leave now!
I don't need you anymore.
Everybody! Everybody, please! Thank you for coming.
Now, please, leave ... leave me alone!
I need to be alone to think.
I love my wife, but I sometimes need to be alone.
Will these wounds heal?
What pains you, pains me too.
I like when my friends translate my sentences.
Are there people whose mother tongue is Esperanto?
Do you want your wife to speak Esperanto?
Have you ever heard someone speaking in Esperanto?
Have you ever heard someone speaking Esperanto?
I like it when my friends translate my sentences.
Whenever the people are well informed, they can be trusted with their own government; that whenever things get so far wrong as to attract their notice, they may be relied on to set them to rights.
If a nation expects to be ignorant and free, it expects what never was and never will be.
He who permits himself to tell a lie once, finds it much easier to do it a second and third time, till at length it becomes habitual; he tells lies without attending to it, and truths without the world's believing him.
Cultivators of the earth are the most valuable citizens.
Our liberty depends on the freedom of the press, and that cannot be limited without being lost.
I had rather be shut up in a very modest cottage with my books, my family and a few old friends, dining on simple bacon, and letting the world roll on as it liked, than to occupy the most splendid post, which any human power can give.
The moral sense, or conscience, is as much a part of man as his leg or arm. It is given to all human beings in a stronger or weaker degree, as force of members is given them in a greater or less degree. It may be strengthened by exercise, as may any particular limb of the body.
It's a pity I didn't wait for your reply before I added the sentences.
Pity I didn't wait for your reply before I added the sentences.
You will find these articles everywhere.
I think that this was not a wise decision.
The one who wrote, read twice.
He was trying to convince me to invest in that business.
The car is not illegally parked.
It doesn't sound too hard.
It doesn't look too hard.
Sometimes I feel like saying, "To hell with it all."
We walked up stairs.
They walked upstairs.
Excuse me if I call you an asshole, but that's what I think you are.
We don't have much in common.
You're in grave danger.
He's in grave danger.
She's in grave danger.
The suspect is a black male.
The suspect is a caucasian female.
It's true that Americans love pizza.
The company's share price has fallen.
I rescued you.
I rescued him.
I rescued her.
I rescued the cat.
He's a pescetarian.
She's a pescetarian.
We're here to protect you.
I'm here to protect you.
He's here to protect you.
She's here to protect you.
He comes from a small but wealthy town.
She comes from a small but wealthy town.
He was thrown behind bars.
She was thrown behind bars.
He is a jealous man.
She's a jealous woman.
What took you so long?
It's perfectly legal.
It's a shortcut.
If something sounds too good to be true, then it probably is.
She has a nice rack.
That's a nice rack of pork chops.
A rack of lamb makes a great meal.
They were motivated by revenge.
The moon is bright.
Do you know what they're called?
Do you know what it's called?
She still has much to learn.
He still has much to learn.
It was quite pleasant.
If you show me your tongue, I might show you mine.
You said it yourself.
I beg you to help me.
I beg you to help us.
It's time-consuming.
She has no children.
I'm not sure I'm ready.
He's not sure he's ready.
She's not sure she's ready.
I'm in charge here.
That's why I'm here.
Everything's under control.
It makes me feel uncomfortable.
I can neither confirm nor deny this.
Nuclear power is safe.
I've never heard of him.
I've never heard of her.
She's a socialite.
I hate myself.
She hates herself.
He hates himself.
Yes, master.
Yes, mistress.
Nothing is as simple as it seems.
It was so hot that I thought I was going to pass out.
Let me help you with that.
He owes me a lot of money.
She owes me a lot of money.
He was an athlete in high school.
She was an athlete in high school.
We have a lot to talk about.
I won't be long.
It goes both ways.
I think you're jealous.
He thinks I'm jealous.
She thinks I'm jealous.
It wouldn't hurt.
It couldn't hurt.
It's all your fault.
He had a crush on her.
She had a crush on him.
This is nothing.
He's your friend.
She's your friend.
This is a mistake.
She's wet.
He's wet.
I'm wet.
The cat is wet.
He spoke highly of you.
She spoke highly of you.
I don't believe you.
I thought I was going to die.
I am in charge here.
I'm so confused.
This book is written in a rather simple English and is thus suitable for beginners.
He's rich, though unfriendly.
Go, go, go!
The kitten slept soundly.
How do I use chopsticks?
A gentle breeze blew through the field.
The bee flew to the flower and drank the nectar.
I'm sorry, but I have forgotten your name.
Like a lion attacking its prey, the kitten jumped on its toy.
I cry every time I watch this movie.
The bird sang in the tree.
When I was young, I would play near that river.
Last week my grandmother turned years old.
Do you have plans for next week?
How did you learn German?
Why did you learn German?
Where did you learn German?
Who taught you German?
Who teaches you German?
Who can help you to learn German?
How long do you need to learn German?
Why did Karima want to learn German?
Did she plan to go to Germany?
Did her husband study or work in Germany?
Where are you going to learn German?
There are not many people who speak German in my country.
In my country, it's difficult to learn German.
Did Klaus agree to teach you German?
Do you have any books in German?
They said that these books were stolen from a library.
I can translate only short sentences in German.
I don't know German syntax very well.
If these books were stolen, then don't give them to me.
Are your German books good?
I have a comic book in German.
She brought me many novels in German.
I asked Mary to send me books to learn German.
My friends encouraged me to learn German.
I don't know a word in German.
When should the three of us meet again? In thunder, lightning, or in rain?
They never say anything about their family.
What do you need German for?
Do you want to study in Germany?
Do you want to work in Germany?
Do you want to live in Germany?
Do you want to bring your family to Germany?
Do you want to buy a house in Germany?
How long do you intend to stay in Germany?
What man is that with blood all over him? From the looks of him, he can tell us the latest news of the revolt.
Do you have any family member who knows German?
Does your wife know German?
Do your children know German?
I want to speak in German with Arnold Schwarzenegger.
I think that German syntax is difficult.
If you want to learn German, then come to my college.
I will introduce you to some friends who study German.
Is German pronunciation difficult?
German is not as difficult as Icelandic.
Many of my friends preferred to study German instead of Spanish.
Spanish is much easier than German.
It is not walls that protect men but men that protect walls.
The teacher of German looked like a German woman.
Has our teacher been to Germany?
Do you want to go to Germany with me?
I have to go to the mosque.
I will try to translate more sentences into German.
Speak, if you can; what are you?
Come on, who would believe that crap?
Thank you, Captain Obvious.
Your privacy is a joke.
Love is terrified of everything that is not itself.
I want to be Chateaubriand or nothing.
The woman is the most perfect of creatures; she's a transitory creature between man and angel.
The learned man knows that there are things which he doesn't know.
She liked the ball too much, that's what killed her.
For a book to sell well, there needs to be a pretty girl on the cover, and the book will sell all the better, the less cover there is on the pretty girl.
The memory of youth is sweet in the heart of old men.
Every writer, in order to write clearly, must put himself in his reader's shoes.
It's profound ignorance that inspires the dogmatic tone of speaking.
The tone of dogmatism is inspired by profound ignorance.
Profound ignorance is what is behind a dogmatic tone.
It is life that teaches us, not school.
The only secret that women can keep is the one they don't know about.
A dwarf may stand on a mountain, but it will not make him tall.
Sophie's finger was bleeding so badly, that blood was dripping on the ground.
What's the name of the film which you like the most?
What's the name of your favourite film?
'Hayastan' is Armenia's name in Armenian.
Armenian is an Indo-European language.
Why did you want to go to Armenia?
Are there a lot of foreigners in Armenia?
Do you have any books about Armenia?
When will you go to Armenia?
Do you remember the earthquake that struck Armenia in 1988?
We don't hear much news about Armenia.
Are there many tourists in Armenia?
Show me your pictures in Armenia.
There is no sea in Armenia.
Is Armenia a member of the European Union?
They arrived just in time for the last train.
Insanity is repeating the same mistakes and expecting different results.
There are still people who don't know how to read.
There are still people who are unable to read.
Multiply three by five to get fifteen.
I'm eating here.
Tell me a story from beginning to end.
Don't forget to change the flag. This is Berber, not German.
It's better to write like this.
We will eventually meet today.
I don't cry.
I have no feelings.
I trained with the paratroopers.
I trained with the special forces.
My military instructor was a guy of the special forces.
I know how to use every kind of weapons.
I don't know what fear is.
I can pilot a helicopter.
I can live in a jungle for months.
I can eat insects.
I can hide everywhere.
I can speak many African languages.
I know how to find my way in a jungle.
I can walk day and night.
I am trained to fight in the mountain.
In order to join the special forces you got to be tall and strong, very strong.
I can walk for a week under the rain.
I can sleep on a tree.
I don't need a rope to do this job.
I know where to find water.
I hear some strange sounds in the woods.
I don't think about the strange sounds you might hear in the woods.
I can eat anything.
If you have no food, you got to eat roots and insects in order to survive.
Don't believe everything you hear about the special forces.
Rambo doesn't exist.
It's just a myth that Rambo can defeat an army alone.
They work at night.
They are more active at night.
There are a lot of myths about the special forces.
Do you want to join the special forces?
Are you sure you want to join the special forces?
I don't want my son to join the special forces.
If you join the special forces, my father won't talk to you anymore.
If you join the special forces, you will not be my son anymore.
Who said he wanted to join the special forces?
Who wants to join the special forces?
I don't think you'll make it in the special forces.
They are not interested in other languages.
They are interested only in their little language.
They think their language is the most beautiful in the world.
What's the most beautiful language in the world?
Is it true that there are beautiful and ugly languages?
They say that their language is the most beautiful in the world.
All the languages of the world are beautiful.
All the languages of the world are rich.
Some verbs in some languages can have up to one hundred different meanings.
I am not talking about myself.
I want to meet some Native Americans.
I want to visit a Native American reservation.
Can you speak any Native American language?
I want to see Native Americans in Brazil.
I want to visit the Amazon forest just to see Native Americans.
I want to live in a Native American reservation.
I want to help Native Americans to preserve their languages.
I want to help Native Americans to save their languages from extinction.
I don't see how you can still be a Native American if you have lost your language and culture.
I met a Native American from Arizona, but he didn't speak a word of his native language.
Did you see any Native Americans in Canada?
I attended a big Native American festival in Florida.
Do Native Americans still speak in their languages when they meet in festivals?
What's the future of Native American languages in the United States?
You can see a lot of Native Americans in Alaska.
Take this book. It's about Peru's Native Americans.
Most Native Americans in Mexico speak Spanish.
"Lida, do you consider that Native Americans are your ancestors?" "Yes, of course I do!"
Lida learnt a Native American language and she teaches it to Native American children.
Lida lived for many years in a small Native American village in eastern Nicaragua.
Nicaraguan Native Americans call other Nicaraguans 'the Spanish.'
There are very few Native Americans in Managua.
Why don't Nicaraguan Native Americans come to Managua?
Managua has a Native American name, and yet, there are almost no Native Americans there.
What did you do with the Native Americans?
Many Native American communities need doctors and teachers.
I really like working with people.
I love working with people.
I very much like working with people.
People are people through other people.
A person is a person through other people.
And yet it moves!
This behoves historians to never take any of its statements at their face value.
We are going to the cemetery.
While you drive, you should focus on the road.
Let us not forget, dear brother, that man cannot be separated from himself.
Do you want to be my servant and follow me?
Sometimes, he appeared suddenly behind Emma, bare-headed.
He was thinking of these three young men, his oldest playmates, with whom he had once played cops and robbers.
They both seemed to be crying out inside: "how beautiful is he".
Sooner or later, bankruptcy hangs over our heads and we will all die penniless like beggars.
"Why are there beings at all, and not rather nothing? That is the question." At least, that is the question that Martin Heidegger poses us.
I want death to find me planting my cabbages, but caring little for it, and even less for my imperfect garden.
An old hag of years made me lustful propositions; she wanted to kiss me.
The only real science is the knowledge of facts.
The researchers trained monkeys to play a video game.
I went to the nearby library to find some books on the subject.
Julia kisses her daughter.
We need to view this in its entirety.
She really is a miserable girl.
He has skilled hands.
The chair needs to be repaired.
We're going to travel along the river until the sea.
Fear drives him, he plucks up courage and throws himself into the roaring waves; his powerful arms cut through the flow, and his God feels pity.
They finally made peace with the enemy.
He left after me.
I wrote my first sentence in German.
I can't see you.
I don't know why.
My father doesn't like football.
I don't know what I want.
I want to learn German with my friends.
Going by your lack of response, you don't agree with my answer.
Only my mother understands me.
It is not always best to predict the future.
Everyone agrees with them.
She doesn't speak English.
Oh, Maria! If I had known before, I wouldn't have fallen in love with you.
There are still people who cannot read.
There are still people who are illiterate.
There was someone sitting on a bench reading a book there.
When asking him if it was interesting, he showed a gentle smile and affirmed that there is no such thing as something interesting.
As he walked away, his figure gradually became dim under the snow.
The weather is very hot.
At this rate, it's a matter of time before I get caught.
We had a visitor when you were taking a shower.
The cup fell to the ground, shattering to pieces.
Eva climbed the stairs to Romer's office, trying to analyse the complex smell in the stairwell - a cross between mushrooms and soot, ancient stour and mildew, she decided.
At the moment that I thought I was having a premonition, suddenly everything went black.
Have you ever heard of Lucia Popp, who was a Slovakian opera singer?
There are probably few young people that like opera.
How many people do you think live in Thailand?
May averting Zeus make good his title here, in Cadmus' hold!
I'm going to write a sentence in German.
I'll write a sentence in German.
A dreamer is one who can only find his way by moonlight, and his punishment is that he sees the dawn before the rest of the world.
A gentleman is one who never hurts anyone's feelings unintentionally.
I am reading this sentence.
I am about to write a sentence in German.
A little sincerity is a dangerous thing, and a great deal of it is absolutely fatal.
A man can be happy with any woman, as long as he does not love her.
A man can't be too careful in the choice of his enemies.
Where is Algeria situated?
You are learning Arabic.
I am learning Swedish and German.
Algeria is my country.
Algeria is situated in North Africa.
I am reading this letter.
I am counting in German.
I am writing this letter to my wife.
I am writing a song in German.
I write short sentences in Swedish.
I want a book in Swedish.
A man who does not think for himself does not think at all.
Wenjin is a Chinese woman.
A man's face is his autobiography. A woman's face is her work of fiction.
I'm writing a song in German.
America is the only country that went from barbarism to decadence without civilization in between.
A thing is not necessarily true because a man dies for it.
A work of art is the unique result of a unique temperament.
Alas, I am dying beyond my means.
All art is quite useless.
All bad poetry springs from genuine feeling.
All women become like their mothers. That is their tragedy. No man does. That's his.
Always forgive your enemies - nothing annoys them so much.
Ambition is the germ from which all growth of nobleness proceeds.
Ambition is the last refuge of the failure.
An excellent man: he has no enemies, and none of his friends like him.
An idea that is not dangerous is unworthy of being called an idea at all.
That is completely useless.
I feel that Tatoeba has become a very warm and cozy place for us language lovers; especially for all those of us who can grasp and learn languages relatively easily and quickly.
How often do I have to tell you?
We need to care for our planet.
Pfirsichbaeumchen is from Germany.
Tom is a good man through and through.
Tell me; who is this young man?
I keep getting lost in thought about that.
As time passed, the radioactivity diminished.
The traffic warden was extremely rude.
I have a home.
You ate an apple, yay!
I present to you my step-daughter.
I am happy that you are my friend.
Oy, why do you hit me?!
Go far away and for a long time!
You're happy, what have you been doing all this long time until now?
You saw the dog that belonged to the man I was flirting with.
I'm trying to become an expert in using axes.
The sea was full of boats.
Work is not a rabbit - it will stop, but not run away.
But we'll definitely manage. No problem.
His words don't match his actions.
He's playing a dangerous game.
I need to work.
"The Green Starman" is an original film in Esperanto about an alien who visits a married couple on Earth and takes them back to his planet.
With my dictionary I can translate anything!
I don't care about economics.
He's a fully independent young man.
The researchers have created kittens that can glow in the dark.
Only take it if your hand's clean.
It can't be stressed how important it is to wake up early.
The newspaper is free.
All I said was it's better than my boobs!
My dad doesn't let me go to the cinema alone.
People bothered me so much that I couldn't finish my work.
Keep an eye on the boys; they're mischievous.
I bet Uncle Alfred'll come back.
They sue companies that sell MPplayers without paying them.
Anybody can be good in the country. There are no temptations there.
Arguments are extremely vulgar, for everyone in good society holds exactly the same opinion.
Arguments are to be avoided: they are always vulgar and often convincing.
Art is the most intense mode of individualism that the world has known.
As long as a woman can look ten years younger than her own daughter, she is perfectly satisfied.
As long as war is regarded as wicked, it will always have its fascination. When it is looked upon as vulgar, it will cease to be popular.
Bigamy is having one wife too many. Monogamy is the same.
Biography lends to death a new terror.
By giving us the opinions of the uneducated, journalism keeps us in touch with the ignorance of the community.
Charity creates a multitude of sins.
Children begin by loving their parents; after a time they judge them; rarely, if ever, do they forgive them.
Conversation about the weather is the last refuge of the unimaginative.
Death and vulgarity are the only two facts in the nineteenth century that one cannot explain away.
Deceiving others. That is what the world calls a romance.
Democracy means simply the bludgeoning of the people by the people for the people.
Do you really think it is weakness that yields to temptation? I tell you that there are terrible temptations which it requires strength, strength and courage to yield to.
Education is an admirable thing, but it is well to remember from time to time that nothing that is worth knowing can be taught.
Every portrait that is painted with feeling is a portrait of the artist, not of the sitter.
My friend Marcelo writes in Latin.
My friend Amastan often writes about his friends on Tatoeba.
This man is incompetent.
He is incompetent.
She is incompetent.
Did she ask you to spy on me?
Did he ask you to spy on me?
Don't ask me to do that.
Don't ask me to do this.
Our fate is in your hands.
My fate is in your hands.
This is just the beginning.
Tom, I'm pregnant.
Individual liberty is the essence of democracy.
Individual freedom is the foundation of democracy.
Yup, it seems like even the doctor was about to throw the towel.
The whole city is covered with snow.
She is drop dead beautiful.
Don't ever hook up with bad guys.
I'm waiting for her.
All day long today I have been waiting impatiently for you.
The curtains are fluttering in the wind.
Is there life on Mars? If not, was it there before?
She works at the bank.
I lost my hat on the bus.
What is your favorite song?
Mark Twain was an American novelist.
Jane Austen was a British writer.
Charlie Chaplin was a British actor.
Edith Piaf was a French singer.
Simone Signoret was a French actress.
I don't like to use Google Translator.
Charlotte Brontë was a British novelist.
Frank Sinatra was an American singer.
Vincent van Gogh was a Dutch painter.
Frida Kahlo was a Mexican painter.
Trygve Lie was a Norwegian diplomat.
Edward Sapir was an American linguist.
William Shakespeare was an English playwright.
James Cook was a British explorer.
Louis Armstrong was an American musician.
Christiaan Barnard was a South African doctor.
Little Peach Tree is from Germany.
Stanley Kubrick was an American film director.
Jesse Owens was an American sportsman.
Friedrich Nietzsche was a German philosopher.
Muhammad Ali was an American boxer.
Mohamed Dib is an Algerian author.
Assia Djebar is an Algerian author.
Sarah Bernhardt was a French stage actress.
Vaslav Nijinsky was a Russian dancer.
Le Corbusier was a French architect.
Salvador Dalí was a Spanish artist.
David Hilbert is a German mathematician.
It's what I am.
Are you going to leave?
I am yours and you are mine.
I am hers and she is mine.
Where are the guards?
Is this a riddle?
Where are my dragons?
Are you afraid of a little girl?
How did he find us?
How did you kill the guards?
There are too many enemies in the south.
You are the only one who can protect them.
That sounds like something you would do.
You are the moon of my life.
If this is a dream, I will kill the man who wakes me up.
They want to be with you.
This is not my home.
Let them fight.
We are the Watchers on the Wall.
Burn the body.
The dragons are born in the fire.
Every saint has a past and every sinner has a future.
Everybody who is incapable of learning has taken to teaching.
Everything popular is wrong.
Experience is one thing you can't get for nothing.
Experience is simply the name we give our mistakes.
Fashion is a form of ugliness so intolerable that we have to alter it every six months.
Fathers should be neither seen nor heard. That is the only proper basis for family life.
Hatred is blind, as well as love.
He has no enemies, but is intensely disliked by his friends.
How can a woman be expected to be happy with a man who insists on treating her as if she were a perfectly normal human being.
I can do that for him, you can't.
I added new sentences.
I add new examples.
I will add new words to my dictionary.
I didn't add this sentence.
I don't add sentences in Japanese.
I will not add sentences in Russian.
We add new examples to Tatoeba.
How marriage ruins a man! It is as demoralizing as cigarettes, and far more expensive.
We added hundreds of sentences.
We will add new names to our list.
We didn't add pictures to our album.
We don't add articles to our blog.
I always pass on good advice. It is the only thing to do with it. It is never of any use to oneself.
We will not add more pictures to our magazine.
I am adding salt to my food.
I am not adding pictures to my website.
We are adding new proverbs to the dictionary.
We are not adding examples in Chinese.
I liked to add sentences in Spanish.
I like to add pictures to my album.
We liked to add new members to our group.
We like to add new friends on Facebook.
I am not young enough to know everything.
I am so clever that sometimes I don't understand a single word of what I am saying.
I am the only person in the world I should like to know thoroughly.
I didn't like to add Mary's pictures to my album.
I can stand brute force, but brute reason is quite unbearable. There is something unfair about its use. It is hitting below the intellect.
I don't like to add wrong examples to Tatoeba.
We didn't like to add this kind of jokes to our website.
We don't like to add shocking pictures to our website.
I must add water to the radiator.
I mustn't add oil to this engine.
I choose my friends for their good looks, my acquaintances for their good characters, and my enemies for their intellects. A man cannot be too careful in the choice of his enemies.
We must add yeast to this dough.
We mustn't add wood to this fire.
I can add sugar to this coffee.
I cannot add milk to this tea.
We can add milk to this coffee.
I have nothing to declare except my genius.
We cannot add flour to this sauce.
I needed to add water to my aquarium.
I need to add money to my account.
We needed to add information about our products.
I didn't need to add salt to my soup.
I don't need to add these books to my library.
We need to add shelves to our store.
We don't need to add details to our story.
We didn't need to add flowers to the car to make it beautiful.
I will need to add new dictionaries to the library.
I will not need to add texts manually.
We will need to add texts for children.
We will not need to add artificial substances to our food.
I want to add new languages to my resumé.
I wanted to add Mary as a friend on Facebook.
I didn't want to add this hoodlum as a friend on Twitter.
I don't want to add trouble to Tom.
I accepted to add Mary as a member of the club.
I didn't agree to add comic books to the school library.
You added sentences in extinct languages.
Do you write in Arabic?
Can I add this sentence to Tatoeba?
Is your car fast?
Are we acquaintances?
Is my Esperanto sentence correct?
Is my sentence in Esperanto correct?
For an English speaker every comma is to be avoided.
I changed the flag.
My brother was hurt in the accident.
I don't even have time for reading.
Marie took the wrong train.
Somewhen I was like that.
Kabul is Afghanistan's capital city.
The capital city of Albania is called Tirana.
Algeria is Africa's largest country.
Andorra is a small principality situated between Spain and France.
Angola's official language is Portuguese.
Antigua and Barbuda is an independent country.
Argentina is the second largest country in South America.
Armenia joined the World Trade Organization in 2003.
Australia is not a republic.
Austria is situated in Central Europe.
Azerbaijan is the largest country in the Caucasus area.
The Bahamas became independent in 1973.
Bahrain became a kingdom in 2002.
Bangladesh fought a war against Pakistan in 1971.
Barbados is a member of the Commonwealth.
I am in pain.
Where do you stay?
The pain is unbearable.
I will do whatever you ask.
How do you intend to fix this?
We need to add information about our products.
Germany has no minimum wage.
Love is blinding you.
You are blinded by love.
He is blinded by love.
She is blinded by love.
We like to add new members to our group.
We add hundreds of sentences.
Some Germans work for only one euro an hour.
We didn't add articles to our blog.
We don't add pictures to our album.
It's popular with students.
It's popular with women.
We added new examples to Tatoeba.
Change is important.
Tom took Friday off.
I love three-day weekends.
I can't live without him.
I can't live without my cat.
He is a harsh critic.
She's a harsh critic.
I'm extremely happy.
She's extremely happy.
He's extremely happy.
The cat seems extremely happy.
This is an unusual situation.
Our country has a rich history.
This carpet is beautiful.
You are entitled to your opinion.
They cannot be saved.
He cannot be saved.
She cannot be saved.
It can be frustrating.
What has she done?
What has he done?
Tom's favorite movie is Brokeback Mountain.
It was only a dream.
Why is she so popular?
Why is he so popular?
You are the chosen one.
He is the chosen one.
She is the chosen one.
I am the chosen one.
I loved you.
I can't explain what happened.
She can't explain what happened.
He can't explain what happened.
Is he all right?
Is the cat all right?
He's all right.
She's all right.
I'm all right.
Take a seat.
How can this be possible?
When was the last time you saw him?
When was the last time you saw her?
When was the last time you saw the cat?
It's crawling with spiders.
My bedroom is crawling with spiders.
The room is crawling with spiders.
He was buried alive.
She was buried alive.
The cat was not buried alive. He survived.
May I see your invitation please?
The children are safe.
The cats are safe.
The cat is safe.
Treat him well.
Treat her well.
Please treat the cat well.
He's angry at the world.
She's angry at the world.
I must know the truth.
I must know the truth about him.
I must know the truth about her.
Are you a criminal?
I want your love.
Tom loves pizza and french fries.
You're going to regret this.
I'm going to regret this.
She's going to regret this.
He's going to regret this.
If you give him an inch, he'll take a mile.
Not now, please wait a bit.
Don't repeat the same mistake!
Can I speak with you?
Employ the employable.
He enters the office.
A man who knows two languages is worth two men.
What do you think about your boss's plan?
From next week onwards Jane will take responsibility for our students.
You are adding new names to the list, aren't you?
I don't like to use Google's auto-translation, but I do use it for comparison.
We must be cautious.
You must be cautious.
There are too many of them.
He is in excellent physical condition.
She is in excellent physical condition.
This is where the fun begins.
I did it for you.
I did it for her.
I did it for him.
Sorry about the mess.
Better him than me.
Better her than me.
She's rich.
He's rich.
Where could they be?
Where could she be?
Where could he be?
Where could the cat be?
She's a powerful witch.
He's a powerful sorcerer.
We feared the worst.
I feared the worst.
He is always a little irritable in the morning.
Where are you guys from?
Betty murdered him.
She had the courage to go and inquire about the results of the exam.
New people, new laws.
It is said that Peng Zu was the grandson of a celestial emperor.
Please don't cry again.
I'm helping people to buy things online.
I ate curry yesterday.
We have the same problem.
Two times two is four.
Next week I have things to do except on Monday and Wednesday, I am free on all the other days though.
What time will you get back? I'll treat you to a meal.
I am going to France in Summer this Year.
He is the richest man in town.
I don't even know whether it's Tatoeba.org or .net or .com.
The main selling point of Esperanto is that it puts everybody on an equal playing field.
I imagined that brilliant people disappeared to some secret place.
I only wish I were part of it.
Lord! I object.
Has it arrived?
Has she come?
Has he come?
I like persons better than principles, and I like persons with no principles better than anything else in the world.
I never travel without my diary. One should always have something sensational to read in the train.
I put all my genius into my life; I put only my talent into my works.
I regard the theatre as the greatest of all art forms, the most immediate way in which a human being can share with another the sense of what it is to be a human being.
I see when men love women. They give them but a little of their lives. But women when they love give everything.
I sometimes think that God in creating man somewhat overestimated his ability.
I suppose society is wonderfully delightful. To be in it is merely a bore. But to be out of it is simply a tragedy.
I want my food dead. Not sick, not dying, dead.
If one cannot enjoy reading a book over and over again, there is no use in reading it at all.
If one could only teach the English how to talk, and the Irish how to listen, society here would be quite civilized.
If one plays good music, people don't listen and if one plays bad music people don't talk.
If there was less sympathy in the world, there would be less trouble in the world.
If you are not too long, I will wait here for you all my life.
If you pretend to be good, the world takes you very seriously. If you pretend to be bad, it doesn't. Such is the astounding stupidity of optimism.
Illusion is the first of all pleasures.
In all matters of opinion, our adversaries are insane.
In America the President reigns for four years, and Journalism governs forever and ever.
In America the young are always ready to give to those who are older than themselves the full benefits of their inexperience.
In married life three is company and two none.
They are spreading love with muddy hands.
Spread love with muddy hands.
Non-members pay dollars more.
I am so hungry and lunch is not ready.
I am still waiting for him since that day.
Tomorrow I am going to the countryside by my car.
Sorry for any mistakes.
I hope you had a good holiday.
I hope you're having a good holiday.
I think that Esperanto is a difficult language.
That time he had a lot of money.
My lunch was an apple and pears and pomegranate.
In my village there are about olive presses.
My village is called At Mmεan.
On summer I go to the sea, on winter I go to the mountain.
I know how to play Tiddas.
Today I did not eat as I feel so sick.
The Naxi language is spoken in China.
Ifaw forgot his bag in the shop.
He stayed alone.
The man jumps across the stream.
Sex is any man's favorite, most enjoyed hobby.
Do you want to drink tea or coffee?
The train is here.
Are you sleepy yet?
He's interested in Mayan prophecies.
She's interested in ancient Mayan prophecies.
Monopolies are bad.
The situation is under control.
She's a jewelry designer.
You need a keycard to open the door.
I met her at a dinner party.
He feels hurt.
She feels hurt.
No proof was ever found.
What have they done to you?
What has he done to you?
What has she done to you?
What have you done to her?
What have you done to him?
The ship was scuttled last year.
I love California.
This is outrageous.
There is something I must know.
There is something you must know.
They live in constant fear.
They're in the science lab.
It's settled then.
He worked long into the night.
She worked long into the night.
I can smell the ocean.
It's more trouble than it's worth.
What a great idea!
He fell in love with a younger woman.
She fell in love with an older man.
That way!
I am very sorry for what I said.
They took a big risk.
He took a big risk.
She took a big risk.
My cats will love this.
My cat will love this.
The prophecy came true.
The student raised his hand.
The student raised her hand.
I've never had problems before.
She can't be trusted.
Is there anyone who can speak Chinese here?
She's really quick.
He's really quick.
The dogs died inside the hot vehicle.
I know!
That which does not kill us makes us stronger.
Don't walk behind me; I may not lead. Don't walk in front of me; I may not follow. Just walk beside me and be my friend.
A man without ethics is a wild beast loosed upon this world.
Nothing is more despicable than respect based on fear.
Blessed are the hearts that can bend; they shall never be broken.
He who is cruel to animals becomes hard also in his dealings with men. We can judge the heart of a man by his treatment of animals.
In law a man is guilty when he violates the rights of others. In ethics he is guilty if he only thinks of doing so.
To be is to do.
The city sleeps.
I don't die.
I won't die.
I'm not dead.
The man watches me.
I like this mammal.
I want to get drunk.
Hit this crag!
Stay calm and sharpen pitchforks.
A pound was five dollars.
Don't threaten me. I won't say anything.
Learn, my brothers, think and read.
He roars and groans the Dnieper wide.
Fight – you'll overcome!
Fight and you are sure to win!
In one's own hut, there's one's own truth, one's own power, one's own will.
Learn that of foreigners, but don't flee your own.
Do you happen to know the time?
Do you happen to know what time it is?
We have what we have.
We are all women when we're in love.
Egoism is the prime cause of cancer of the soul.
Every Olympus has a byroad to its top.
Beauty is the reason of life.
The world chased, but never caught me.
What's the use of sight if one lacks taste?
The seeds of evil deeds are evil thoughts.
The moon is the Cossacks' sun.
Where's a ravine, there's a Cossack.
Where there's a Cossack, there's glory.
She's smoking hot.
Is it cruel to declaw your cat?
Tom doesn't like being criticized.
They fought until the end.
He fought until the end.
She fought until the end.
It did not end well.
He lives in a posh apartment near Central Park.
I have no regrets.
What shall we do?
Your lives will be spared.
Your lives will be spared if you surrender.
He has a point.
She has a point.
It won't be easy.
He'll be back soon.
She'll be back soon.
She is a psychic.
He is a psychic.
My sister is also my best friend.
To avoid criticism do nothing, say nothing, be nothing.
As soon as you trust yourself, you will know how to live.
Enjoy when you can, and endure when you must.
All his teeth were sound.
Land Rovers are the least reliable cars in the world.
A sane mind is in a sound body.
He died and his soul went to hell.
My mother is a kind soul.
I am still alone.
This is not an emergency issue.
What is negative right and positive right?
I hear your childish laughter.
Tom has been in Boston for a week now.
Yesterday, the weather was very nice.
When did you interrupt your summer vacation?
This will pass.
We will prove that P is a partially ordered set.
Maria showed us their home.
Maria showed us her villa.
Truth is brighter than the Sun, but it is sought with a candle.
Ukraine's glory has not yet perished, neither her freedom.
Coming soon.
Long live chaos!
Cats are nocturnal creatures.
Cats are nocturnal animals.
I'm not a scientist.
Reading books will make you smarter.
He's stupid and irrational.
She does all the cooking.
How the hell should I know?
Mary helps her mom cook.
He was raised by his grandparents.
Tom looks almost identical to him.
That would be unfair.
This article is not peer-reviewed.
Milk is obtained from cows.
Stealing is wrong.
The jury found that Samsung had infringed upon Apple's patents.
It's not a secret.
There is nothing you have to be ashamed of.
My words are like a mirror; if a jackass read them, then don't expect he'd see an angel's face.
These happy slaves are the most furious enemies of freedom.
He was alone at the time.
Boil the water.
Out of all four seasons, I like spring the best.
The room originally had no furniture.
Even if one is to "believe", there is still a "lie" in the midst.
The floor must be kept clean.
Apart from English, he speaks German.
What should be done?
She does not have a ticket.
I will lend you this dictionary.
He does not like being punished.
There yet?
Is the one standing at the window really your manager?
Just do the essential repairs, please.
It's lucky to be a man.
Never underestimate a man's determination to be free.
You actually did that to yourself.
If it is not true it is very well invented.
Nature is the only book that offers important content on every page.
Nobody is interested in my country.
Nobody talks about my country.
Nobody was interested in my country then.
Nobody talked about my country.
Nobody mentioned my country.
Nobody mentions my country.
Nobody knows my country.
Nobody knows what's going on in my country.
Nobody knew what was going on in my country.
Nobody heard about my country.
Nobody hears about my country.
Nobody likes my country.
Nobody liked my country.
Nobody visited my country.
Nobody visits my country.
Nobody goes to my country.
Nobody went to my country.
Nobody came to my country.
Nobody comes to my country.
Nobody invested in my country.
Nobody invests in my country.
Nobody thinks about my country.
Nobody thought about my country.
Nobody works in my country.
Nobody worked in my country.
Nobody remembers my country.
Nobody remembered my country.
Nobody supports my country.
Nobody supported my country.
Nobody praised my country.
Nobody praises my country.
Nobody insulted my country.
Nobody insults my country.
Nobody asked questions about my country.
Nobody asks me questions about my country.
Nobody wanted to visit my country.
Nobody wants to visit my country.
Nobody studies in my country.
Nobody studied in my country.
Nobody studied my country.
Nobody studies my country.
Nobody reads about my country.
Nobody read about my country.
Nobody wanted to talk about my country.
Nobody wants to talk about my country.
Nobody defends my country.
Nobody defended my country.
Nobody wants to mention my country.
Nobody wanted to mention my country.
Nobody wanted to live in my country.
Nobody wants to live in my country.
Nobody stayed in my country.
Nobody stays in my country.
Nobody wants to know my country.
Nobody wanted to know my country.
Nobody wants to buy a house in my country.
Nobody wanted to buy a house in my country.
Nobody is rich in my country.
Nobody was rich in my country.
Nobody had Internet in my country.
Nobody has Internet in my country.
Nobody wanted to be poor in my country.
Nobody wants to be poor in my country.
I bought this house as an investment.
Nobody wanted to come to my country.
Nobody wants to come to my country.
Nobody wants to go to my country.
Nobody wanted to go to my country.
Nobody wants to invest in my country.
Nobody wanted to invest in my country.
Nobody wants to work in my country.
Nobody wanted to work in my country.
Nobody was attracted by my country.
Nobody is attracted by my country.
Nobody wants to remember my country.
Nobody wanted to remember my country.
Nobody wanted to say anything about my country.
Nobody wants to say something about my country.
Nobody forgot my country.
Nobody forgets my country.
Nobody wanted to support my country.
Nobody wants to support my country.
Nobody wants to praise my country.
Nobody wanted to praise my country.
Nobody criticized my country.
Nobody criticizes my country.
Nobody wanted to criticize my country.
Nobody wants to criticize my country.
Nobody hates my country.
Nobody hated my country.
Nobody wants to hate my country.
Nobody wanted to hate my country.
Nobody wants to forget my country.
Nobody wanted to forget my country.
Nobody respects my country.
Nobody respected my country.
Nobody trusts my country.
Nobody trusted my country.
Nobody believed in my country.
Nobody believes in my country.
Nobody wanted to trust my country.
Nobody wants to trust my country.
Nobody wants to insult my country.
Nobody wanted to insult my country.
Nobody wanted to buy land in my country.
It's a steal.
It's a tremendous deal.
He's a Chinese-American.
Tom bought a counterfeit watch.
We wish you a pleasant stay!
The same holds true for Tom.
The same holds true for Germany.
This is your fate.
This is my fate.
This is so unfair.
It's really not that hard.
Declawing cats is forbidden in the European Union.
It won't take much longer.
I can't stop watching.
I'll give you a hand.
I'll give her a hand.
The kids jumped on the trampoline.
It could be a trap.
Angela Merkel is in favor of austerity.
All I want is your love.
All I want is your cat.
We need you.
She needs you.
He needs you.
He was impressed.
She was impressed.
They were not impressed.
The cat was not impressed.
Stop following me.
What's all this noise?
That's the sixty-four thousand dollar question.
What does she want?
What does the cat want?
I can't believe this is happening.
Love is a comedy in France, a tragedy in England, an opera in Italy, and a melodrama in Germany.
People in other countries often say that the Japanese are not religious enough.
This is my son's CD.
I am studying Chinese and Spanish.
Everyone has the right to be stupid. Some people just abuse that privilege.
Richard Of York Gave Battle In Vain.
It can't be faulted.
What you are saying can't be faulted.
My brother went to Bejaia.
Your logic can't be faulted.
What you're saying is completely true.
This is the second article in the series about plugin infrastructures.
Which part of the tour are you doing?
All her friends live in England.
He is watching TV in his room.
The cow is grazing in the field.
The dog is sleeping in the car.
The cat is running in the garden.
The pigeon is cooing in the balcony.
The student is reading at the library.
The boy is washing in the bathroom.
The girl is jumping on the bed.
The teacher is writing in his office.
The repairman is working in the corridor.
The mason is having lunch in his truck.
The manager is having his breakfast at a café.
The gardener is burning dead leaves in the backyard.
I am writing a novel.
I wrote a beautiful story.
I write letters to my friends.
I will write a book about that.
I didn't write that letter.
I am not writing an article.
I don't write things like these.
I will not write a letter in English.
I have to write an SMS.
I had to write his name and his phone number.
I can write my name in Chinese.
I cannot write this text by hand.
Did you write your name?
Are you writing the proverbs?
Do you write love letters?
Will you write a small text about that?
Did I write my address?
Am I writing in Japanese?
Do I write good articles?
Will I write a book in Polish?
Can I write with this pen?
I was writing a long letter.
I wasn't writing anything.
I will have to write a letter to explain this.
I liked to write in Chinese.
I couldn't write a single word.
I could write even poetry in Arabic.
I like to write short paragraphs.
I don't like to write numbers.
I still like to write in Esperanto.
Have you ever written a letter to Mary?
The bed costs euros!
I have never written a play.
I have just written an SMS to Tom.
I will never write a letter to Mary.
What did you write yesterday?
What have you just written?
What did I write in the introduction?
Those are my legs!
What have I just written?
What was I writing this morning?
What am I writing now?
What do I write?
What will I write next year?
Why did I write all those letters?
Why was I writing that letter?
Why am I writing this SMS?
Why do I write only novels?
Why will I write a letter to apologize?
When did I write this article?
When was I writing a letter?
When do I write poetry?
When will I write a good play?
How did you write your name in Arabic?
How am I writing without a pen?
How do I write quickly?
How will I write without a computer?
Where did you write this letter?
Where were you writing?
Where are you writing the answers?
Where do you write your novels?
Where will you write your next novel?
Who wrote this tale?
Who was writing on the wall?
Who is writing these comments?
Who writes letters nowadays?
Who will write the report?
Why didn't you write your phone number?
Why weren't you writing the exercises?
Why am I not writing in English?
Do you have a motto?
Why don't I write in Russian?
Why will I not write in Chinese?
What didn't I write?
I wonder why I didn't write my name.
Who didn't write his name?
Who wasn't writing the lesson?
Who isn't writing the text?
Who doesn't write love letters?
Who will not write an essay?
I forgot to write my family name.
I forget to write my date of birth.
I will not forget to write to my mother.
I preferred to write in English.
Yana studies astrophysics in Yekaterinburg.
I prefer to write short sentences.
I still prefer to write letters by hand.
I hated to write with a fountain pen.
I hate to write big numbers.
I still forget to write my address.
I don't forget to write the zip code.
I didn't forget to write the prices.
I didn't like to write official letters.
I agreed to write that letter.
I didn't agree to write my name.
I agree to write the report.
I don't agree to write this kind of letters.
I will agree to write the report.
I will not write an apology letter.
Did I agree to write this?
How did I agree to write something like this?
Why did I agree to write this letter?
Why do I agree to write letters?
Why did I forget to write the fax number?
Why do I forget to write the zip code?
Why will I forget to write to my family?
What did I forget to write?
What do I forget to write?
What will I forget to write?
Did I forget to write the date?
In the kickoff article of this series, I defined some fundamental concepts we can use when talking about plugins.
What did you hate to write at school?
What do you hate to write in a letter?
Why did I hate to write essays?
I also showed an example of a simple but complete plugin system for an application, all written in Python.
But see, Python has the unfortunate habit of making everything look too easy. To really show the guts of a plugin infrastructure, we’ll switch to C.
C is the perfect "other extreme" to Python. It’s the most low level of the mainstream programming languages, and almost universally serves as glue between other languages and systems.
Understanding how plugins may work in C will help us understand how to implement cross-language plugins in the future.
He had a bad day.
I’ve re-implemented the htmlize program from the previous article entirely in C, including a plugin mechanism and the same two sample plugins.
The full code is far too large to fit in an article; you can download it along with a Makefile for Linux from here.
Plugins in C are almost always implemented as DSOs (Dynamic Shared Objects, aka. shared libraries, or DLLs on Windows).
What follows is a detailed examination of how each concept is implemented in this example.
In my implementation this directory’s location is relative to the working directory, but it could be anywhere, really.
The story doesn’t end here, however. To register itself with the application, a valid plugin is expected to have an initialization function which the application will call.
The init function is expected to return a non-negative value if everything is OK.
Do you want a strawberry? Here, take the one that pleases you most.
Read the article.
Your updates are the best!
I am also unemployed.
We had to postpone the meeting due to the traffic accident.
Thank you for your concern about my mother and father.
They were happy when I told them.
An economic crisis will hit at the end of the year.
I'm fixing the washing machine.
Breathe in, breathe out.
I must know.
Something's wrong here.
He begged for his life.
She begged for her life.
I will deal with him myself.
I will deal with her myself.
I will deal with them myself.
You are no longer welcome here.
He is no longer welcome here.
She is no longer welcome here.
Someone's coming.
Somebody's coming.
She's coming.
He's coming.
We got separated.
Do you want something to eat?
I don't like it when you do that.
I don't like it when she does that.
I don't like it when he does that.
He must be very happy.
I hope she's all right.
I hope he's all right.
She wrote a novel about vampires.
Many consumer reviews on Amazon are fake.
Why are you asking me this?
I'm glad she liked it.
I'm glad he liked it.
I lost my keys.
My cousin is already four years old.
You cannot live without water.
He has two women in his life.
I entered a coffee shop.
Is it hard to learn Esperanto?
Kabul is the capital of Afghanistan.
It is those who want to do important things that are free.
I'm adding the last touch.
It took exactly an hour.
On the whole they had really good luck.
Why do you want to learn this language?
All I found are pictures of you.
The scene is always the same.
My situation was embarrassing enough, so I preferred not to make it more complicated.
I'm anxious by nature.
I am anxious by nature.
Sport means health.
He is very smart and yet not arrogant.
Tom has a black bruise on his right leg.
I listened to the top songs of the eighties.
You really married that whore.
Do you want to eat anything?
He drives a Lotus.
Cobbler, keep to thy last!
Knowing is power.
He can even play the drums.
She can even play the drums.
Did she become so terrible?
How much is that all together?
He married a local girl.
She married a local boy.
May the blessings of God be upon you.
May the blessings of God rest upon you.
Tom is a reputable and a trustworthy person.
Ivory Coast is the world's biggest cocoa producer.
It's a classic Nigerian scam.
We must do something.
This rich man is greedy.
Tom and Mary made money through hard work.
He became rich through hard work.
She became rich through hard work.
What if you're wrong?
What if they're wrong?
What if she's wrong?
What if he's wrong?
He's checking his cellphone.
She's checking her cellphone.
I prefer not to talk about it.
He prefers not to talk about it.
She prefers not to talk about it.
A thief believes everybody steals.
He wants to spend time with his son.
He wants to spend time with his daughter.
She wants to spend time with her son.
She wants to spend time with her daughter.
I hate computers.
This is a farce.
Tell me what you eat, and I will tell you what you are.
We have no alternatives.
It's right up your alley.
Something isn't right.
How did you do this?
How did he do this?
How did she do this?
How does he do this?
How does she do this?
How do you do this?
He didn't understand the concept of differential equations.
He had a rough childhood.
She had a rough childhood.
Let him talk.
Let her talk.
Let me talk.
Now that you are an authentic consumist, you can start thinking about how will you pay it back to society.
Those were ten minutes I'll never get back.
They made me come here.
Nobody forced you to help me.
I'm only doing it because I'm forced to.
Our lives are in your hands.
My life is in your hands.
She worries about her weight.
You worry about your weight too much.
He lacks confidence.
She lacks confidence.
I lack confidence.
Not only should you vote, you have an obligation to do so.
I won't make you do anything you don't want to.
Would you authorize me to record this conversation?
Speaking of adventures, here comes your wife.
I'm the last sane man in the world.
As the days passed by, we began to understand the seriousness of the matter.
As the days passed by, we began to understand what kind of problem we had got into.
I just realized those are much more pages that I have thought.
I just realized it's much more work that I have thought.
I can't send you all the files at the same time.
My fight is being happy in a world where nobody wants me to.
Nobody wants you to be happy.
Am I going too fast?
You're going too fast.
Don't be scared.
Tom is healthy and fit.
She's healthy and fit.
I love kids.
I don't like kids.
He drives me crazy.
She drives me crazy.
Your cat is driving me crazy.
People are dying.
I am loving Tatoeba despite all its imperfections.
Does it show?
I am game!
I am game for anything!
You can count me out on that!
When he was 14, he started to plant strawberries.
Money can't buy life.
Everything he says is correct.
Speak!
That’s not possible right now. Please wait a bit.
Do you know the creator?
He wrote a book about birds.
Are you able to close the door?
Can you buy something to eat inside?
He can't tell the good from the bad.
Stop talking with each other and listen!
Can you speak Klingon?
They always mock others.
If I forget, please remind me.
She is not afraid to die.
He is not afraid to die.
How long will it take by plane?
That party was great, Dude.
The first time he met his friend was when he was bathing in the sea.
Hi, Father.
Love has no color!
After hearing the news, she cheered up.
The youngest siblings are in general the most beautiful ones.
It's stealing.
Why would you think that?
This kid is wearing shorts.
Man is something sacred for man.
The young student refused to sing the Marseillaise.
Afghanistan is at war.
Albania wants to join the European Union.
Algeria has borders with seven countries.
Catalan is spoken in Andorra.
My son made a small bear out of pipe cleaners.
Angola became independent in 1975.
Antigua and Barbuda is a former British colony.
I like the smell of fresh bread.
Argentina fought a war with Great Britain over the Falkland Islands.
Armenia is a mountainous country.
Many strange animals live in Australia.
I have brought here only my clothes and my horse.
Austria is a member of the European Union.
I want to come, too.
This is a set expression.
I don't think I want that.
Life does not repeat its gifts.
He has two sisters. Both of them live in Kyoto.
My sister went to Italy to study.
This little girl is my sister's friend.
What is the first song called?
Maybe I drank too much.
Repetition is the mother of learning.
This is my sister's camera.
This man loves my sister.
That man loves my sister.
That is my sister.
My sister is three years old.
Are you waiting for the bus?
Her sister lives in Scotland.
Pedro has no sisters.
Her sister is not going to America.
Destroy what destroys you.
We all want you to be happy.
The video has been removed.
Come and I'll show you who I am.
Come if you are a man.
Come and I'll show you what I do to frogs like you.
I wanted to share with you a new application that I'm using to create a memory book for my grandfather who recently passed away.
You wanna fight?
When the flight crew has their aircraft under control, everything is working normally and yet it still crashes into the ground, that's a "Controlled Flight Into Terrain".
I don't know that sector.
What can I do without my friends?
I still can't believe they had a snow leopard in that zoo. I thought they were an endangered species.
The shark seized him by the leg.
"If any of you survive this fatal night and return to Jamaica tell the admiral that I was in search of the pirate when this lamentable occurrence took place; tell him I hope I have always done my duty, and that I-."
Not every truth is fit to be told.
Not all truths should be spoken.
Look, look at that shark, which has followed us all night - why it is only waiting for you to get into the water to swallow you.
The fatigue had nearly exhausted him, and the sharks only waited for the first quiet moment to swallow their victim.
Have you written a book?
In the act of offering up his last prayer ere he made up his mind to float and be eaten, he saw a man look over the quarter of the brig : he raised both his hands ; he jumped himself up in the water, and, by the singularity of his motions fortunately attracted notice.
He is not only partial to robbing his victim, but he delights in the shedding of blood, and in the exercise of cruelty.
Did you move to Venice yet?
My mother said we look like sisters in all of our pics!
I completely disagree with this.
Please, for the love of mankind, learn your language.
If you would like to meet, why don't we?
I was happy for him.
I was happy for her.
We're waiting for the right time.
This is Tom's dirty little secret.
This is her dirty little secret.
I have found your dirty little secret.
I have a loving family.
She has a loving family.
He had a loving family.
A rising tide lifts all boats.
It wasn't me.
It wasn't me. It was the cat.
It wasn't me. It's him!
It wasn't her.
It wasn't him.
I will never forget this.
That's my boy.
That's my girl.
He's rich and powerful.
You are not more stupid because you don't get up earlier.
I'm not angry!
Who wants to go first?
This is out of control.
I ate a turkey sandwich.
I made myself a turkey sandwich.
Tom gave an apple to the teacher.
He gives an apple to the teacher every day.
No child should go hungry.
Just look at him.
He is well-liked.
She is well-liked by all.
She likes money.
He likes money.
I am thy father’s spirit; doom’d for a certain term to walk the night, and, for the day, confin’d to waste in fires till the foul crimes done in my days of nature are burnt and purg’d away.
How much farther is it?
How much farther?
He never asked me.
She never asked me.
This bud of love, by summer’s ripening breath, may prove a beauteous flower when next we meet.
And what love can do, that dares love attempt.
It's exactly as I expected.
The children are playing outside.
The village has no electricity.
It's not a fair fight.
I don't know if he can come tonight.
The library is wrapped in almost complete silence.
She is completely absorbed in a book.
The patient is in a state of profound stupor.
You have met some friends.
I didn't mean to startle you.
Since then, you were in a state of stupor for two months.
This tea is very nice.
Look!
There are many children in the park.
Now, I'll show you what I know to do.
I trained with elite soldiers.
It was a very hard training.
Is it true that they eat human flesh?
They know how hell looks like.
Training with them is not a game.
When I tell you 'jump', you jump!
It was the first time I boarded a helicopter.
Do you consider yourself as a dangerous guy?
Before I joined the army, I was a doctor.
Hi John! How are you?
I don't want to take that risk.
Is that you?
"But what's the contents like?" - "Your tents? You want to go camping?" - "No, I'm asking if you liked the book. Is it interesting and would you recommend it? Is it, after all, a book worth reading and, here's my last question: Should I read it?" - "Sorry, what did you say? I couldn't hear, because this book is simply too interesting."
The inland revenue’s Special Investigations unit considers all monies in the Swiss accounts to consist of undeclared income.
In our fight against drug abuse we shall be committing a serious mistake if we begin to admit that it is a 'lost war' and that, for hypocritically economically-based questions, it is not worthwhile investing enough money to deal with the size of this scourge.
I know his true name and where he lives.
I know what he does and what he tells other people to do.
I know all his friends and what he tells them to do.
I know how to tell a duck from a goose.
I know what his aims are.
I know what he told his friends about me.
I know that he didn't say good things about me.
I know that he set them all against me.
I know what he's intending to do.
I knew his intentions right at the beginning.
I know that he was looking for something, but I didn't know what it was.
Now I know what he's looking for.
But he will never ever find it.
I don't have what he's looking for.
I can't help him to find what he's looking for.
I know him but he doesn't know me.
I have observed him for many months.
He knows how to play with words.
He knows how to play with people's lives.
But this is not going to work with me.
If he thinks he's the smartest, then there are people much smarter than him.
He thought he was smart, but he didn't realize that he fell in my trap.
He thinks that he's the only one who knows how to set traps.
He was right to keep silent.
When is your passport valid until?
After I have had time to give some thought to the matter, I will call you.
The tiger growled loudly!
This is Pierrot's sister.
That is Pierrot's sister.
Students in some European countries are more politically aware than those in the UK.
Are we allowed to use the lift?
He loves her for her beauty.
He loves him for his beauty.
Which university are you studying at?
Few people know how to use an enemy's weapon against him.
Whatever he does, it makes no difference to me.
Is it a joke?
Probably he does that already.
These sentences are strange.
He's talking in a strange way.
Now, he's hiding like a mouse.
I told you he was a coward.
He thinks that I don't know what he did.
He thinks that I don't know what he said.
He thinks that I don't know what he said about me.
I'm not a wizard, but I know what everybody says about me.
He doesn't read any more books.
I have ears and eyes where nobody has them.
Isn't it good to have friends?
Why aren't you answering?
For the sharks, we saw them, not by units, nor by tens, nor by hundreds; but by thousands and by myriads. Trust me, there are more sharks in the sea than mortals on land.
To begin. There is the ordinary Brown Shark, or sea-attorney, so called by sailors.
In the wild wilderness, a leopard mother caresses her cub, as Hagar did Ishmael; or a queen of France the dauphin.
The people of Sydney ought to be afraid of the sharks, but for some reason they do not seem to be.
Humor is out of place in a dictionary.
When in Sydney, I went one Sunday morning to bathe. I was accompanied by a friend who had just arrived from the South Sea Islands. He was very timid, and clung to the rock, never going beyond a few yards from it, and instantly returning. Upon rallying him, he confessed his great dread of sharks.
He had not swum more than a few yards before one of the skulking ground sharks had him fast by the upper part of the thigh.
The day was very hot; and when at a turn of the road, he found himself on the very verge of the cool blue water, no wonder he felt inclined to bathe.
The agonized spectators gazed on, unable in the least to aid their unfortunate companions, who were being torn to pieces before their eyes.
God has been very kind to the shark.
The white shark frequently attains, in the tropical seas, the length of more than feet.
We promised, in our last article, to illustrate the formidable powers of the white shark, by relating a fearful struggle between this animal and a human being.
He thought he perceived the black fin of a shark swimming near the surface of the water.
The quarter master was standing on deck, contemplating the scene of tranquillity around him : the blue waters seemed to invite him to a refreshing bath, and he was soon undressed; and, mounting on the barricade, plunged into the sea.
Sharks have been seen from the rigging - it is not safe to bathe any longer; - be quick, get into the boat.
At which university are you studying?
His sisters are both beautiful.
This was his first voyage as captain.
Our young captain was a very handsome man, tall and perfectly formed.
The brightest passenger in the ship, and the most interesting and felicitous talker, was a young Canadian who was not able to let the whisky bottle alone.
I love my grandfather's anecdotes.
Tatoeba tells me to go screw myself.
Tatoeba is insulting me!
We're not alone.
Temperatures will get lower.
Yes, I agree with you. It's also that.
Just look at her.
The Russian Ballet was surreal!
This is my new tricycle.
He's cunning and manipulative.
She's manipulative.
This is the real world.
It's the portrait of misery.
They are living in misery.
Give your thoughts some space!
We are making progress.
I feel like I'm making progress.
He's making progress.
She's making progress.
We've got company.
She doesn't look happy to see me.
He doesn't look happy to see me.
They don't look happy to see me.
He doesn't look happy to see us.
She doesn't look happy to see us.
They don't look happy to see us.
The cat doesn't look happy to see us.
Oh, no!
We have to warn him.
We have to warn her.
We have to warn them.
I have to warn him.
I have to warn her.
I have to warn them.
The feeling is mutual.
The barbarians raped and pillaged our city.
Is it important?
He loves toys.
She loves toys.
My cat loves toys.
My cat loves catnip.
This is risky and dangerous.
I'm still young.
She shook my hand.
What's up, dude?
Scorpions are dangerous.
He's on the dance floor.
This is so stupid.
You are so stupid.
He's so stupid.
She's so stupid.
That dog is so stupid.
He was scared to do it.
She was scared to do it.
They were scared to do it.
Where did you go for spring break?
It will soon be September.
The leaves will soon begin to fall.
You have to do it again.
I have to do it again.
Opinion is something wherein I go about to give reason why all the world should think as I think.
Which way is the train station?
Is there a post office nearby?
Where can I buy envelopes?
Mary is studying in her room now.
Oh my God! There is no objection in your kingdom.
Whose dictionary is it on the table?
The shop is opposite the bank.
The food is ready.
Quick!
There is a test tomorrow.
I was the second to last person to hear the bad news.
When I was in college, I could forget to bring my music player or my camera and still be ok. These days, if I forget my smartphone, I'm screwed!
I have to repeat it.
The best way to convince a fool that he is wrong is to let him have his way.
It isn't because I don't want you to laugh at me, rather it is because I'd like to laugh at you.
If I do this, will it be viewed by others in a negative way?
I just keep finding excuses.
Mary's sentences are clear and easy to translate.
Mary's sentences are short and easy to translate.
Mary's sentences are correct and easy to understand.
Mary's sentences can be used to learn English.
Mary's sentences can be used in exercises.
Tom's sentences are very long.
Tom's sentences are very difficult to understand and translate.
Tom's sentences are very ambiguous.
An ambiguous sentence is very difficult to translate.
I knew there was something wrong in this sentence.
I knew they would say something about this sentence.
What's wrong with my sentences?
In order to fix something, you have to know what's wrong with it.
How do you want me to fix this phone without knowing what's wrong with it?
Your sentences are too difficult to translate.
She probably knew who I was.
If she knows it's me who sent her the present, she's not going to accept it.
You have translated all the sentences.
Leave us some sentences to translate.
How can I lose weight?
Art is a serious thing.
How can I gain weight?
He wants to know how he can lose weight.
He wants to know how he can gain weight.
She wants to know how she can lose weight.
She wants to know how she can gain weight.
How can I lose weight safely?
He wants to know how he can lose weight safely.
She wants to know how to lose weight safely.
How can I lose weight quickly?
He wants to know how he can lose weight quicky.
She wants to know how she can lose weight quickly.
How can I explain this?
What would happen if the earth stopped spinning?
What would happen if all the people of the world lived like Americans?
What would happen if the human race goes extinct?
She was pleased to hear that.
I like your plan.
Don't waste your pocket money.
He writhes like a worm.
It writhes like a worm.
Speak more slowly!
The strong earthquake in Hokkaido caused extensive damage.
Don't cry, unless crying solves the problem.
I read one of his works.
Isn't it flat?
These are the things that I like.
Nobody knows that better than you.
There are books here.
There is one book here.
Is your task easy, Joseph?
I'll sleep in my room.
My brother has no money.
Note that due to the nature of dynamic linking on Linux, plugins don’t have to actually link with the db.o object.
It's difficult to learn Greek.
Here, I want to complete a few low-level implementation details that may be interesting to readers.
That is a museum piece!
I wake up very early.
I like your work.
I like your job.
I like your offer.
I like your proposition.
When in doubt, tell the truth.
I like your article.
We don't usually go for cute stuff, but this is just too adorably awesome.
She likes to take her time.
Believe none of what you hear and half of what you see.
Stop filming.
She's a girl.
I'm looking for my mobile phone.
Ah, I thank you, my dear.
John was born in America.
He is the stingiest person I know.
Arabic is my mother tongue.
We loved one another.
Do these books belong to you or to me?
Tell me whom these books belong to!
I’ll come back home at ten.
She is almost sixty years old.
Give me half a kilo of apples.
Eat fruit!
You should eat vegetables.
Money doesn't grow on trees.
Do you feel lucky?
There are no stupid questions.
That's a stupid question!
Can we save the planet?
Is that so bad?
It has happened before.
It has happened before and it will probably happen again.
Even though it's small, it's still my apartment.
Even though it's small, it's a great restaurant.
Even though it's small, it's still a great car.
Give me the car key, please.
You made a big mistake.
You're making a big mistake.
I learned to drive when I was fifteen.
She has a beautiful tan.
He has a beautiful tan.
I enjoyed it very much.
She says that she enjoyed it very much.
He says that he enjoyed it very much.
It's the best burger in town.
Who gives a fuck?
I'm not feeling very hungry right now.
She kicked me out of the house.
She kicked him out of the house.
She kicked her boyfriend out of the house.
He doesn't want you to know.
She doesn't want you to know.
They don't want you to know.
I'm not living with her anymore.
I'm not living with him anymore.
You're in big trouble.
He's in big trouble.
She's in big trouble.
That's all I have to say.
Things did not go as intended.
This looks good.
It looks good.
We are so similar and so different at the same time.
The war kept us apart for so long, but not anymore.
What's done can't be undone.
Sorry for bothering you at this busy time.
Believe none of what you hear and only half of what you see.
Don't meddle in other people's lives.
The plan talks a lot about active citizenship. But it must be active and engaged citizenship.
I almost touched your hand this time.
A third is less than a half.
I'm ready! Can we go?
I'd like to sit by the window.
Infinite patience and infinite impatience: one of these two expressions makes sense and the other doesn't.
What are you hiding in your turban?
What if all days were Saturday?
I received a message from the past today.
There's no question about that.
If you are not able to hold your attention on one thing for some time, how can you accomplish anything?
Paying attention to what you are doing is one of the most important keys to success.
Good morning, sweetheart.
She’s the prettiest in the group.
Singing without pay makes your throat hurt.
An old tree provides shade.
You could have told the truth.
And forgive us our debts, as we forgive our debtors.
And forgive us our trespasses, as we forgive those who trespass against us.
And forgive us our trespasses, as we forgive them that trespass against us.
You should get yourself examined by the doctor immediately.
The furniture in this office is fairly modern.
Cossack glory has long been glorious.
This loss and its consequences will have an impact not only the people that speak these languages but upon us all.
This supposition, that the Earth is immobile, was completely untrue.
The cat likes mice; I don’t like them.
Our neighbour has been at the hairdresser’s again.
Have I asked you whether you can speak Zhenjiang dialect?
Mistakes are teachers.
He stuffed the money into his pocket.
Grinding coffee beans makes me think of all the things I haven't accomplished in life.
I'm going to my grandmother's.
And what prevented you from calling the police immediately?
The brother of my father is my uncle.
The brother of my mother is my uncle.
The sister of my father is my aunt.
The sister of my mother is my aunt.
My father's brother's wife is my aunt.
My mother's brother's wife is my aunt.
My father's sister's husband is my uncle.
My mother's sister's husband is my uncle.
Music is a language understood by all humans.
Take your hand off my back.
Everything would be easier if we could float.
Why is everyone speaking so quietly?
He cries almost every day.
Tom almost forgot the conference.
He heard a very small voice.
Will you give me a piece of wood?
He cut the nose off.
Pinocchio walks about the town.
All day long.
Grace hasn't arrived yet.
Grace hasn't come yet.
Can you make it before the deadline?
Just to be clear, this was not me.
Now that same-sex marriage is legal, I'm one step closer to marrying myself.
You're wrong. That's not the case.
Where did you get all that money from?
Does it hurt when you breathe?
Her mouth hurt a lot.
The one who has rendered a service should hold his tongue; it is up to the one who has received it to speak.
It is the photo of my new house.
I always dreamed of meeting a unicorn that would tell me the secrets of the night.
Where are you on Monday?
Where will you be on Monday?
But have you received the messages?
But did you receive the messages?
Who fights can lose. Who doesn't fight has already lost.
Are you a singer?
My teacher recommended that dictionary.
There is no polluted air in our city.
I like travelling by train.
It was a big help to me.
It is fantastic.
I would like to thank you for your great job.
This site is really great!
The floor feels cold.
I will recommend this website to all my friends.
Thanks a lot and many regards to you all.
I like English and Farsi very much.
The rock feels wet.
Thank you from the bottom of my heart.
The doctor prescribed it for her.
Post this letter for me!
You smoked at some point, didn't you?
He talked about himself.
I have nothing to add to that.
I owe you something.
A playroom awaits the children.
She sat alone at a table in front of a cup of coffee.
I’ll introduce you to my mother.
I never drink tea with milk.
Everyone has the right to education.
Elementary education shall be compulsory.
I can imagine how hard it must have been for her to say those simple words.
I drank too much coffee today.
Did you know that he is good at making coffee?
Would you like black tea or coffee?
We live in the Milky Way galaxy.
Look at Venus!
Jupiter is very large.
Are you a Filipino?
What is a space elevator?
What is wabisabi?
The patient is in a deep coma.
I have watched all of her films.
A smart falcon hides its talons.
The best way to understand a sentence is to translate it.
If you cannot understand good advise, you cannot obey it.
Are you off your rocker?
Then he raised his hand to interrupt me.
This fellow is up to something. I can feel it in my spleen.
We were happy people before you came. Your arrival brought despair.
people were detained by the Federal Police.
You have caught cold because of your sitting in the draught.
Because of the rain, the picnic was held in the gymnasium.
I don't like Easter eggs.
You are still the same ignorant I met once in the park.
Maybe that wouldn't be appropriate. You see, I don't work here.
I had a small dog when I was small.
You destroyed my BMW!
The only weapons I have in my home are water pistols.
I’ll call him before he goes out.
What a viper I have nourished in my bosom!
Don't grow up. It's a trap!
No one came back alive from there.
He forgot all of his friends.
He tries to impress his friends.
She was the first woman I loved.
What is love? To tell the truth, I still don't know what it is.
Some people don't believe in love. They just believe in biology.
Do you think she still loves me?
Do you think he still loves me?
Do you think she still remembers me?
Do you think he still remembers me?
Do you think she still thinks about me?
Do you think he still thinks about me?
Do you think she still cares about me?
Do you think he still cares about me?
Do you think she still wants to see me?
Do you think he still wants to see me?
Do you think she still wants to live with me?
Do you think he still wants to live with me?
Do you think she still loves my letters?
Do you think he still loves my letters?
Do you think she still keeps my letters?
Do you think he still keeps my letters?
Do you think she still reads my messages?
Do you think he still reads my messages?
For a delirious word there is no answer.
The week in Russia has been awesome.
This is capital. Let it increase!
Did you decide to go to Japan?
I’ve made a few corrections.
Ken hugged Tom’s fiancée.
Ken kissed Tom’s fiancée.
That’s his fiancée.
Do you think she still looks at my pictures?
Do you think he still looks at my pictures?
Do you think she still wants to marry me?
Do you think he still wants to marry me?
Do you think she still wants me to stay with her?
Do you think he still wants me to stay with him?
Do you think she would forgive me?
Do you think he would forgive me?
Do you think she would accept my invitation?
Do you think he would accept my invitation?
Let's talk about love.
I like to talk about love.
Did you think about your wife when you were in the army?
Did you write to your wife when you were in the army?
Very few soldiers of the special forces get married.
Special forces and marriage don't go together.
Is it true that special forces soldiers are trained to torture?
Special forces training is already a torture.
In special forces, torture is a taboo.
Special forces might do a lot of bad things but they never talk about them.
They train you on how to do something without thinking twice about it.
They train you to act before thinking. Just execute orders.
"Special forces might do a lot of things that regular troops wouldn't do" "Like torture?" "I won't answer this question"
Special forces are used for special purposes.
"Is it true that special forces are capable of torturing and killing innocent people?" "Special forces just execute orders. They are used for special jobs, no matter what."
Many soldiers of the regular troops train with the special forces.
Most of the jobs carried out by the special forces are secret.
Generally, special forces are used in very specific and dangerous missions.
Generally, special forces don't have much contact with civilians.
In special forces, you must get used to all sorts of difficulties and dangers.
Elite soldiers are trained even harder than most special forces.
Elite soldiers are almost always selected among the special forces.
Elite soldiers might be trained in secret locations.
He likes to talk about the army.
Why does he like to talk about the army?
Was he in the army?
How long was he in the army?
You have a problem. How can I help you?
Was he a paratrooper?
Was he in the special forces?
Did he take part in any war?
Why does he still talk about the army?
Does he want to go back to the army?
I miss the army.
I'm very sorry, but we don't know each other.
A male crocodile ate a female dog.
Without air and water, we would not be able to live.
It’s the first time that I read the Bible.
We all participated at the party.
You’re just a student.
Success has neither taste nor smell.
Genius is one percent inspiration and percent perspiration.
The religion of one age is the literary entertainment of the next.
We hurried down the stairs.
Everything is black and white in my bedroom.
You don't know how heavy is the load you don't bear.
I had never seen a real elephant.
I had never seen an elephant in real life.
Please change the flag.
Why doesn't she look at me anymore?
Why doesn't he talk to me anymore?
Why doesn't he look at me anymore?
Why doesn't she talk to me anymore?
Why doesn't she write me anymore?
Why doesn't he write me anymore?
Why doesn't she write me back anymore?
Why doesn't he write me back anymore?
Why doesn't she think about me anymore?
Why doesn't he think about me anymore?
Why doesn't she care about me anymore?
Why doesn't he care about me anymore?
Why doesn't she smile at me anymore?
Why doesn't he smile at me anymore?
Why doesn't she play with me anymore?
Why doesn't he play with me anymore?
Why doesn't she eat with me anymore?
Why doesn't he eat with me anymore?
Why doesn't she love me anymore?
Why doesn't he love me anymore?
Why doesn't she work with me anymore?
Why doesn't he work with me anymore?
Why doesn't she send me letters anymore?
Why doesn't he send me letters anymore?
Why doesn't she give me presents anymore?
Why doesn't he give me presents anymore?
Why doesn't she help me anymore?
Why doesn't he help me anymore?
Why doesn't she visit me anymore?
Why doesn't he visit me anymore?
Why doesn't she call me anymore?
Why doesn't he call me anymore?
Why doesn't she eat lunch with me anymore?
Why doesn't he eat lunch with me anymore?
Why doesn't she eat dinner with me anymore?
Why doesn't he eat dinner with me anymore?
Why doesn't she watch movies with me anymore?
Why doesn't he watch movies with me anymore?
Why doesn't she dance with me anymore?
Why doesn't he dance with me anymore?
Why doesn't she hug me anymore?
Why doesn't he hug me anymore?
Why doesn't she exercise with me anymore?
Why doesn't he exercise with me anymore?
Why doesn't she kiss me anymore?
Why doesn't he kiss me anymore?
Why doesn't she tell me jokes anymore?
Why doesn't he tell me jokes anymore?
Why doesn't she sit with me anymore?
Why doesn't he sit with me anymore?
It's almost new!
Jack Nicholson was raised in New Jersey.
Arnold Schwarzenegger was born in Austria.
This bird is called a seagull.
Tatoeba is a mini-LibriVox, it just needs to be written before the large-scale reading aloud would start.
That man is a convict.
That woman is a convict.
How gallant are you!
The truth is bobbing up.
Do you like my floating house?
This is a gallicism.
This is a Gaulish find.
This is a Gallic find.
I'd like to walk like a normal person.
My best friend is Welsh.
Finland is called "Suomi" in Finnish.
Turkey is called "Türkiye" in Turkish.
India is called "Bharat" in Hindi.
France is called "France" in French.
Belgium is called "Belgique" in French.
Belgium is called "België" in Flemish.
Lebanon is called "Lubnan" in Arabic.
Spain is called "España" in Spanish.
Russia is called "Rossiya" in Russian.
Norway is called "Norge" in Norwegian.
Sweden is called "Sverige" in Swedish.
Denmark is called "Danmark" in Danish.
Japan is called "Nippon" in Japanese.
Georgia is called "Sakartvelo" in Georgian.
Armenia is called "Hayastan" in Armenian.
Albania is called "Shqipëria" in Albanian.
Switzerland is called "Suisse" in French.
Switzerland is called "Schweiz" in German.
I want to change the world.
Where can I buy a playbill?
Italy is called "Italia" in Italian.
Algeria is called "Al-Jazair" in Arabic.
Algeria is called "Ldzayer" in Berber.
Austria is called "Österreich" in German.
Azerbaijan is called "Azərbaycan" in Azeri.
Belgium is called "Belgien" in German.
Bhutan is called "Druk Yul" in Tibetan.
Bolivia is called "Buliwya" in Quechua.
Bosnia and Herzegovina is called "Bosna i Hercegovina" in Bosnian.
Brazil is called "Brasil" in Portuguese.
Burma is called "Myanmar" in Burmese.
Cambodia is called "Kampuchea" in Khmer.
Cameroon is called "Cameroun" in French.
Cape Verde is called "Cabo Verde" in Portuguese.
Cameroon is called "Cameroon" in English.
The Central African Republic is called "Ködörösêse tî Bêafrîka" in Sango.
The Central African Republic is called "République Centrafricaine" in French.
Chad is called "Tchad" in French.
China is called "Zhongguo" in Chinese.
The Comoros is called "Comores" in French.
We are all proud of making small mistakes. It gives us the feeling that we aren’t making big ones.
You’ll see that I’m right.
Keep reading.
The time reads books to kill people.
These tomatoes are tasteless.
The green water is not potable.
The Comoros is called "Komori" in Shikomoro.
The Comoros is called "Juzur al-Qamar" in Arabic.
Croatia is called "Hrvatska" in Croatian.
Cyprus is called "Kypros" in Greek.
Cyprus is called "Kıbrıs" in Turkish.
The Czech Republic is called "Česká republika" in Czech.
The Dominican Republic is called "República Dominicana" in Spanish.
East Timor is called "Timor Lorosa'e" in Tetum.
East Timor is called "Timor Leste" in Portuguese.
Egypt is called "Misr" in Arabic.
Equatorial Guinea is called "Guinea Ecuatorial" in Spanish.
Eritrea is called "Erta" in Tigrinya.
Estonia is called "Eesti" in Estonian.
Ethiopia is called "Ityop'ia" in Amharic.
Fiji is called "Viti" in Fijian.
Greece is called "Hellas" in Greek.
Guinea is called "Guinée" in French.
Haiti is called "Ayiti" in Haitian Creole.
Hungary is called "Magyarország" in Hungarian.
Iceland is called "Ísland" in Icelandic.
Ireland is called "Éire" in Irish Gaelic.
Ireland is called "Ireland" in English.
Jerusalem is called "Yerushalayim" in Hebrew.
Japan is also called "Nihon" in Japanese.
Jordan is called "Al-Urdun" in Arabic.
Kazakhstan is called "Qazaqstan" in Kazakh.
Kyrgyzstan is called "Kirgiziya" in Russian.
Latvia is called "Latvija" in Latvian.
Lithuania is called "Lietuva" in Lithuanian.
Luxembourg is called "Lëtzebuerg" in Luxembourgish.
Luxembourg is called "Luxemburg" in German.
Luxembourg is called "Luxembourg" in French.
Macedonia is called "Makedonija" in Macedonian.
Madagascar is called "Madagasikara" in Malagasy.
The Maldives is called "Dhivehi Raajje" in Dhivehi.
Mongolia is called "Mongol Uls" in Mongolian.
Montenegro is called "Crna Gora" in Montenegrin.
Morocco is called "Al-Maghrib" in Arabic.
Morocco is called "Meṛṛuk" in Berber.
Mozambique is called "Moçambique" in Portuguese.
Nauru is called "Naoero" in Nauruan.
Nepal is called "Nepal" in Nepali.
The Netherlands is called "Nederland" in Dutch.
The Netherlands is called "Nederlân" in Frisian.
New Zealand is called "Aotearoa" in Maori.
North Korea is called "Chosŏn" in Korean.
Palestine is called "Filastin" in Arabic.
Israel is called "Yisrael" in Hebrew.
Papua New Guinea is called "Papua Niugini" in Tok Pisin.
Paraguay is called "Paraguái" in Guarani.
Philippines is called "Pilipinas" in Tagalog.
Philippines is called "Filipinas" in Spanish.
Poland is called "Polska" in Polish.
Romania is called "România" in Romanian.
Saudi Arabia is called "Al-Mamlakah Al-‘Arabiyyah As-Sa‘ūdiyyah" in Arabic.
Serbia is called "Srbija" in Serbian.
Seychelles is called "Sesel" in Seychellois Creole.
Singapore is called "Singapura" in Malay.
Singapore is called "Xīnjiāpō" in Chinese.
Slovakia is called "Slovensko" in Slovak.
Slovenia is called "Slovenija" in Slovene.
Everything has its good side and bad side. Unfortunately, we usually see only one of them.
Somalia is called "as-Sumal" in Arabic.
Somalia is called "Soomaaliya" in Somali.
South Africa is called "Suid-Afrika" in Afrikaans.
South Africa is called "iNingizimu Afrika" in Zulu.
South Korea is called "Hanguk" in Korean.
Spain is called "Espanya" in Catalan.
Spain is called "Espainia" in Basque.
Switzerland is called "Svizra" in Romansh.
Syria is called "Suriyah" in Arabic.
Ukraine is called "Ukraina" in Ukrainian.
The United Arab Emirates is called "Al-’Imārat Al-‘Arabiyyah Al-Muttaḥidah" in Arabic.
The United Kingdom is called "Rìoghachd Aonaichte" in Scottish Gaelic.
The United Kingdom is called "Ríocht Aontaithe" in Irish.
The United Kingdom is called "Y Deyrnas Unedig" in Welsh.
The United States is called "Etats-Unis" in French.
Uzbekistan is called "O'zbekiston" in Uzbek.
Australia is the largest country in Oceania.
India is the third largest country in Asia.
Saudi Arabia is the largest country in the Arabian Peninsula.
Mexico is the third largest country in North America, after Canada and the United States.
Saudi Arabia is the largest country in the Middle East.
Australia is the largest country in the world without borders with any other country.
Indonesia is the largest country in the world situated only on islands.
Peru is the third largest country in South America after Brazil and Argentina.
Algeria is the largest country in North Africa.
Kazakhstan is the largest country in Central Asia.
Libya is the second largest country in North Africa.
Niger is the largest country in Western Africa.
South Africa is the largest country in Southern Africa.
Ethiopia is the largest country in Eastern Africa.
Madagascar is the largest island of Africa.
Indonesia is the largest country in South-East Asia.
Papua New Guinea is the second largest country in Oceania after Australia.
I want another.
France is the largest country in Western Europe.
We do similar jobs within the company, but she earns more than I do.
Spain is the second largest country in Western Europe.
It's not easy to memorize dates.
This orange is too sour.
Sweden is the largest country in Scandinavia.
The explosion was cause by a car accident.
For experience and learning, eternity is not enough.
Nicaragua is the largest country in Central America.
The city is famous for the fossils in its museums.
Caption this photo.
Where do I do my homework?
The cat sat on the table.
Would you like more mashed potatoes?
My room is number five.
He'll be safe with me.
She'll be safe with me.
You will be safe with me.
They will be safe with me.
They will be safe with her.
They will be safe with him.
You'll be safe with him.
You'll be safe with her.
Why don't you just buy a new one?
A pony is a small horse.
I don't deserve it.
The bridge is closed.
The road is closed.
She's an art student.
What happened to the others?
He hasn't talked to me since.
She hasn't talked to me since.
It was the best night of my life.
Can I see your driver's license?
Do you need a ride home?
She's worried for his safety.
I was worried for her safety.
Kids are smarter than you think.
Cats are smarter than you think.
History is more complex than you think.
Keep it warm.
I'll keep it warm.
He wants to live closer to nature.
She wants to live closer to nature.
There is no other way.
I've seen it all.
Why don't you mind your own business?
What he did is very wrong.
What she did is very wrong.
It's not for the faint of heart.
I totally agree with you.
My girlfriend was crying.
My boyfriend was crying.
My boyfriend is crying.
My girlfriend is crying.
He fled his country.
She fled her country.
We're friends now.
I'm not a hero.
He's not a hero.
She's not a hero.
You don't have enough experience.
He doesn't have enough experience.
She doesn't have enough experience.
She visited me, not on Sunday, but on Monday.
That would not be a lie.
He took care of the children while his wife was shopping.
I agree with your proposal.
I have to open the window.
From the moment that the fortress ran out of supplies, its defenders had to surrender.
I love aubergine.
I love eggplant.
I liked it a lot!
He didn't want to go to Japan.
He didn't want to be sent to Japan.
He works at a restaurant in Japan.
He went to Japan and he married a Japanese woman.
I saw his pictures in Japan.
Does he like Japan?
Does he have his own house in Japan?
Does he have a car in Japan?
He brought a car from Japan.
This is Matsuko and me in Japan.
My friend went back to Japan.
Whom do you love?
I appreciate your family.
As Yan Yuan pointed out, "proper moral cultivation could begin from any point on the moral map, not just the mean position".
I'll buy all these items.
He wrote me from Japan.
He was going to send a letter to Japan.
His sister and her husband live in Canada.
My brother has lived in England for more than thirty years.
She has two uncles in Belgium.
He founded a small association in the Czech Republic.
He learnt driving in Ireland.
He spent a few months in Scotland.
He worked for one and a half years in the Netherlands.
He wrote me every week from Germany.
He worked as a truck driver in Norway.
He went to Mexico to work as a teacher of English.
He taught English in Serbia for two years.
He has two houses, one in Turkey and another one in Germany.
He told me that he liked to work in Chad.
He said that he grew up in Tunisia.
While in Sweden, he had a Swedish girlfriend who taught him Swedish, then he married her.
He goes with his mother to Russia every year.
He went to Portugal to work as a soccer trainer.
Haptic sensations defy precise description.
I still have many friends from the Canary Islands.
I considered going to Armenia.
He wanted to buy a small house in Romania.
He was sentenced to one year in prison in Bulgaria.
He lived in Ukraine for many years.
He was sent by his company to Kazakhstan.
What are you doing in Oman?
He told me that there were many foreigners in Eritrea.
Her father was a diplomat in Kenya.
All of their children were born in Malaysia.
I heard that now, he works in Saudi Arabia.
I was going to go to the United Arab Emirates.
They met in Algeria and they met again in France.
He took some very beautiful pictures in Monaco.
He sold all his property in Morocco.
He got married in Nicaragua.
He took his daughter to Austria to receive treatment.
He bought this truck from Poland.
In Ukraine, I always speak Ukrainian.
Does he still live in Luxembourg?
Nobody believed that he went to Switzerland.
He spent his honeymoon in the Maldives.
Mr Smith has gone out to lunch.
Why don't you go to Malta?
Once in a while I go to Sweden to visit my boyfriend.
All her relatives are in Syria.
He never went back to Iraq.
His aunt married a Lebanese man and went with him to Senegal.
He visited Mauritania ten years ago.
What is your rating?
I'm a truck driver.
I am a truck driver.
Parents and adults punish children when they tell a lie.
He sells cars in France.
He renovates old houses in Spain.
He imports clothes from Turkey.
He teaches Arabic in the United States.
He learns Portuguese in Brazil.
He publishes books in Italy.
He repairs machines in Germany.
He manufactures toys in China.
He negotiates new contracts in Russia.
She has lost face.
He has lost face.
That was a recommendation, not a command.
He always says, "Just kidding!" at the end.
I have to say, his safety plan is well thought-out.
Your eyes are like stars.
Do you use a sponge when you take a bath?
Do you love my name more than you love me?
Do you love me just because I'm a Chinese girl?
Do you love me just because I have black hair?
You seem Uzbek to me.
Do you love me just because I'm black?
Do you love my eyes more than you love me?
Do you love me just when I'm absent?
Do you love me just because I am a foreigner?
Don’t push me too hard. It’s dangerous.
Do you love me just because I resemble Connie Nielsen?
I’m on a diet right now.
I’m on a diet at the moment.
I like poets like Takuboku.
Well, did you have a good weekend?
How much do you love me?
Did you love me?
I bought a hat in the shop.
Did you really love me?
Do you still love me?
Is it true that you are in love with me?
School lets out at half-past three.
I would like to have a room of my own.
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you very much indeed.
He loves us.
She loves us.
You love us.
They love us.
You help us.
He helps us.
She helps us.
They help us.
You send us letters.
He sends us flowers.
She sends us e-mails.
They send us spare parts.
You send us to death.
He sends us to the factory.
She sends us to the town.
They send us to the farm.
You tell us the truth.
He tells us secrets.
She tells us interesting things.
They tell us what to do.
The eye doesn't see beyond its own comfort level.
You tell us interesting stories.
He tells us strange stories.
She tells us jokes.
They tell us funny stories.
You give us ideas.
He gives us money.
She gives us clothes.
They give us medicines.
You pay us every week.
He pays us every month.
She pays us every Friday.
They pay us for our work.
You buy us batteries.
He buys us newspapers.
She buys us shoes.
They buy us vegetables.
You sell us fish.
He sells us paper.
She sells us dresses.
They sell us copper.
You advise us about business.
He advises us.
She advises us about cooking.
They advise us to read their books.
You anger us.
He angers us with his comments.
She angers us with her remarks.
They anger us with their behavior.
You annoy us with your music.
He annoys us with this noise.
She annoys us with the noise of her hairdrier.
They annoy us with their parties.
You answer us first.
He answers us whenever we call him.
She answers us whenever we ask her a question.
They answer us whenever we ask them questions.
You need us.
He needs us to help him.
She needs us to show her the way.
They need us to finish the job.
You invite us every year.
He invites us to his parties.
She invites us to all her parties.
They invite us to their conferences.
Everything has two sides: the good side and the bad side. Unfortunately, we usually see only one of them.
You argue with us.
As mitigation, it could have been you.
She pawned her gold.
He stole the diamond.
Their son claims to see ghosts.
Their daughter claims to see monsters.
He said that the house was haunted.
His son claims to hear voices.
If I change my name in order to avoid racist comments, then why don't I change the color of my skin as well?
You have given yourself a European name? Why? Then why don't you just change the color of your skin as well?
I know that there are many racists here, but you don't have to change your name.
If you change your name in order to please racists, then why don't you just change the color of your skin as well?
You have changed your name to please them, but these racists are gonna also ask you to change the color of your skin. Can you do that?
Even if you find a solution to change the color of your skin, they are going to continue to hate you. Racists are racists and you shouldn't be stupid with them.
If you are not one of them, then you're nothing to them; in order to be one of them you've got to be born in their land, look like them and even think like them. As long as you are different, they will hate you for no reason. They are racists.
You have to return what you have stolen.
They examined the jewel.
He is collecting data.
She took the jewel to her manager.
He took the sample to his coworker.
She gave the sample to her assistant.
He was killed in the explosion.
He was killed in the accident.
He was killed in the fire.
He was killed in the earthquake.
He was killed in the fight.
He was killed in the battle.
He was killed in the avalanche.
He was killed in the riot.
This statue belongs to Tom.
Mary told Tom to visit the museum.
He visited Professor Smith at his college.
He invited Mary and her sister Jane to a party.
You cannot catch them.
Europe is in crisis.
The black kitten hopped to avoid the puddle, and passed under the neighbouring hedge.
He asked me if I was happy.
I wonder what you're looking at.
It was his first trip as a captain.
That one over there is mine. I do not know where his is.
The roses in my garden are beautiful.
Will you go somewhere this summer?
I promise I will protect you.
Love is crazy.
Here is my heart.
I'm all shook up!
I like hares.
A blue elephant's ears are as big as the ones of a pink elephant.
I searched for a book with many pictures.
I would just like to congratulate Tom for his work.
Nobody will notice.
Italy invaded Ethiopia in 1935.
She cried out for help.
He cried out for help.
She cried out for help, but no one came.
I looked out the window to admire the view.
Would you mind explaining that diagram to me?
The lake has a diameter of metres.
I wonder if I can add a sentence simply by pressing the 'enter' key.
You should take a vacation.
He has greasy hair.
What is the truth?
Where can we find the truth?
What is the difference between reality and truth?
She is not as beautiful as she was before.
It was a bad rabbit.
She was born in 1960.
I am praying the time passes quickly.
It's a beautiful day in Poland!
These are library books.
Are these library books?
Don't leave library books here.
The youth of Japan have a tendency to follow fashion.
Don't leave library books in the classroom.
Don't leave library books in this room.
She lost many library books.
You should return all the library books before the end of the year.
Some library books can't be found in any bookstore.
She was loved very much by him.
Some library books are treasures.
He ripped a button off his coat.
You shamed me at the station.
They went to a fortune teller.
Mary took Ken to a fortune teller.
Mary went to a fortune teller for many years.
Mary showed Ken another fortune teller.
This woman is haunted by a spirit.
Is there a haunted house in this village?
They say that the wood is haunted.
He told me that his house was haunted.
What makes you think that your house is haunted?
How do you know that your house is haunted?
Do your neighbors know that your house is haunted?
What did you do when you knew that your house was haunted?
When did you know that your house was haunted?
Who else knows that your house is haunted?
What did the police do when you informed them that your house was haunted?
What would you do if your house was haunted?
Do you know any haunted house in the neighborhood?
Did you visit the haunted house?
Did you spend the night at the haunted house?
My mother was sick for two days.
Don't worry, present day cosmetic surgery is much better than what it used to be in Doctor Frankenstein's days.
It rained for three days in a row.
I love this school.
Show me the way to the school.
Give me the salt, please.
Praise be to God!
I'd suffer from claustrophobia.
Tom sat down underneath a tree.
Are you cheating on me?
Now, you have to choose: either me or Tatoeba.
Tatoeba is not my girlfriend.
Tatoeba is not even a girl.
Tatoeba is just a website.
Tatoeba is not even a person.
Tatoeba is a translation website.
Tatoeba is where I translate sentences.
Tatoeba is the website I recommend to other translators, colleagues and language students.
Tatoeba is the website I use when I don't find enough examples in dictionaries.
Calm down, Tatoeba is not a girl, it's just a website.
"Is Tatoeba more beautiful than me?" "Tatoeba is not a girl. It's a website."
He has a new girlfriend on the Internet. Her name is Tatoeba.
Is it true that your girlfriend is Japanese?
And is it true that your Japanese girlfriend is called Tatoeba?
How many times do I have to tell you that Tatoeba is not a human being?
He apparently dates a Japanese girl called Tatoeba.
No Japanese girl is called Tatoeba.
"Tatoeba is not a Japanese girl name." "Then, it's your Japanese girlfriend's nickname."
What did you specialize in at university?
The pride of New York is its museums.
That aurora was really magnificent.
I heard this movie is cool.
Has anyone seen it yet?
This might be it.
I am unable to finish my homework.
I'm driven by my passion.
He is a young man passionate for good design, games, software, art and people.
We are designing technology for common people.
We make our products using our creativity as a service to you.
He is a natural leader who likes to work with groups of different and renewing partners.
He is always learning new techniques and technologies.
He also has experience working fulltime for international companies.
He worked mainly as a freelancer.
He has experience in a wide variety of programming languages.
He is always looking for innovations rather than for isolated technologies.
He is a qualified person who uses and manages software related tools for general users.
His experience lies in the field of entrepreneurship and social responsibility services.
He is a young entrepreneur Python programmer, system analysis student, with expertise in hardware, HTML5, CSS, JavaScript, and JQuery, among other things.
We are happy to be opening this section to contribute to the free software community
We will include public interest material and several trials where our users will have access to and be able to enrich or experiment with all the variety of products we offer.
I believe in this project, i think it's adapted to the necessities of small and medium enterprises, try and tell your experiences.
He who knows, does not speak. He who speaks, does not know.
Moreover, because he was handsome, he was ill-suited to working as a teacher in a girls' school.
When the sisters came back, their mother was still awake.
Don't worry, present day cosmetic surgery is much better than it used to be in Doctor Frankenstein's days.
When I hear this song, I cry.
Do men cry?
Men never cry.
Only monsters don't cry.
I didn't know that you were a monster.
What's this music?
I am not a monster.
Are these soldiers or monsters?
This is not a spider, it's a monster!
We need soldiers, not monsters.
I don't call this a spider; I would call it a monster.
Is this spider poisonous?
Does this spider bite?
Life is full of mysteries.
Let me check.
I would just like to thank all of you for your work.
I would just like to thank you for translating my sentences.
The prisoners tried to escape.
The slave tried to escape.
Don't feel embarrassed. These things happen.
It's about to explode!
He is an environmentalist.
She is an environmentalist.
It can be dangerous.
Does anyone have a picture of this?
I prefer it this way.
I had an amazing experience.
You should check your blood pressure.
This blurs the line between news and advertising.
He runs the business with his sons.
She runs the business with her daughters.
I did not have sexual relations with that woman.
They went surfing.
He went surfing.
She went surfing.
I must wait here.
I can go there on foot.
Are you hiring?
This Publix is always crowded.
You don't want to know.
Let's do this.
You need a joystick.
Thanks for coming.
I like the bright colors.
We were attacked by pirates!
Did you have a rough day?
I had a rough day.
She's a smart and independent girl.
Where's my money?
I've done this before.
They want more.
I have been expecting you.
I need the money.
He needs the money.
She needs the money.
I needed the money.
He needed the money.
She needed the money.
It belongs to me now.
Prepare to die.
Your brain programs your emotions.
Your brain programs your feelings.
I shall not allow anyone to harm you.
I'd rather have a life of "oh wells" than a life of "what ifs".
How many words does this sentence have?
How many syllables does this word have?
How many countries are there in Africa?
How many capital cities does South Africa have?
How many provinces does Canada have?
How many states does India have?
How many official languages does Switzerland have?
How many countries are members of the United Nations?
How many bridges are there in London?
How many islands does Indonesia have?
How many languages are spoken in New Guinea?
How many Native American reservations are there in the United States?
How many national parks are there in Kenya?
How many hotels are there in Paris?
How many taxis are there in New York City?
How many museums are there in Oslo?
How many pandas are there in this zoo?
How many seats are there in this room?
How many parking places are there in this garage?
How many pens did you buy?
How many phones does she have?
How many republics were there in the Soviet Union?
How many aircraft carriers does the US Navy have?
How many aircraft can an aircraft carrier hold?
How many missiles can this aircraft carry?
How many nuclear bombs does the United Kingdom have?
How many minorities live in Russia?
How many bus stations are there in this city?
How many cars does this train have?
Can you read my mind?
How many cameras does Tom have?
How many churches are there in Lisbon?
How many markets are there in this town?
How many hairs does a human being have on his head?
How many children does Tom have?
How many sons does Tom have?
How many daughters does Tom have?
How many brothers and sisters does Tom have?
How many schools are there in this village?
How many dictionaries does this translator have?
How many words are there in this dictionary?
How many pictures are there in this album?
Has anybody seen my wallet?
How many stamps do you have in your collection?
How many articles are there on Wikipedia?
How many mosques are there in Istanbul?
How many trees are there in this park?
How many singers will participate in the concert?
How many concerts will be organized this year?
How many books are there in this library?
How many libraries are there in this neighborhood?
There are around three thousand mosques in Istanbul.
How many cars can this garage hold?
How many cups of coffee did you drink?
How many glasses of juice did she drink?
How many oranges did Tom eat?
How many watches did Tom lose?
How many bookstores did you visit?
How many spectators were there at the stadium?
How many soccer stadiums are there in this country?
How many patients are there at this hospital?
How many hats does your grandfather have?
How many teachers of Spanish are there at this high school?
How many televisions does Tom have?
How many friends do you have on Facebook?
How many wives does this Mormon have?
How many spoons are missing?
How many palm trees are there in this oasis?
How many lakes are there in Finland?
How many pages does this novel have?
How many e-mailboxes do you have?
How many addresses does Tom have?
How many films did you watch yesterday?
How many pictures did you take?
How many letters did you send to Tom?
How many people died in the earthquake?
How many bats are there in this cave?
How many caves are there in this area?
How many legs does a spider have?
How many teeth does a crocodile have?
How many eyes does a spider have?
How many prizes did Tom win?
How many phone numbers does Mary have?
How many computers does this engineer have?
How many documents do you have to translate?
How many rooms are there in this hotel?
How many buildings are there in this area?
How many elevators are there in this shopping mall?
How many cranes are there in this port?
How many volcanoes are there on this island?
How many astronauts have gone to the moon?
How many moons does Jupiter have?
How many stars are there in our galaxy?
How many players are there in a soccer team?
How many referees are there in a soccer game?
How many teams participated in the championship?
How many oscars did this film win?
How many cigarettes do you smoke per day?
How many sentences did you translate on Tatoeba?
How many eggs does a fly lay?
How many sheep are there in this flock?
How many neurons are there in this human brain?
How many doors are there in this house?
How many windows are there in this office?
I should clean my room.
How many legs does a centipede have?
I should have gone home.
How many faces does a cube have?
How many tentacles does an octopus have?
How many letters are there in this alphabet?
How many characters are there in this play?
How many websites do you visit per day?
How many flies did you kill?
An unpleasant feeling is always bad.
How many babies can a mouse have at one time?
How many meters are there in a kilometer?
How many headlights does this car have?
How many passengers can this plane hold?
How many comments do you post on Tatoeba per day?
How many videos do you download per day?
How many batteries does your camera need?
How many chairs have you broken so far?
How many pairs of pliers do you have?
How many cows are there on this farm?
How many weeks are there in a month?
How many months are there in a year?
How many years are there in a decade?
How many years are there in a century?
The thing that left the biggest impression on me in China was the Chinese food.
How many centuries are there in a millennium?
How many kidneys does a human being have?
How many independent countries are there in the world?
How many human beings live on Earth?
How many people have climbed Mount Everest?
How many employees work at this company?
How many statues are there in this temple?
How many temples are there on this island?
How many tourists visit this temple?
How many people live in Antarctica?
How many flowers did Tom give to Mary?
How many texts are there in this book?
How many paragraphs are there in this text?
How many lines are there in this paragraph?
How many planets are there in the solar system?
How many slaves were taken from Africa to America?
Everyone has their own opinion.
How many Native American languages went extinct?
I ate a very tasty sweet.
Birds learn to fly instinctively.
How many days old was I when this picture was taken?
I’m thirsty. Give me something cool to drink, please.
How many days until my birthday?
How many litres of oil are there in a barrel?
How many wheels does this truck have?
The thing that impressed me the most in China was the Chinese.
How many people have your name?
How many words are there in the English language?
How many chromosomes does a human being have?
How many hours do you sleep at night?
How many cars are there in the United States?
How many Eskimos live in Greenland?
How many continents are there in the world?
How many animal species are there in the world?
How many oceans are there in the world?
How many guests are we going to have tonight?
How many calories do you burn when you exercise?
How many animal species are discovered every year?
How many planets are discovered every year?
How many dogs does Mary have?
How many cats does Tom have?
How many jobs can you do at once?
How many girlfriends does Tom have?
How many atoms are there in a drop of water?
You have to reset the odometer.
How many e-mails do you write every day?
You looked at me and smiled.
He looked at me and smiled.
They looked at me and smiled.
His daughter wants to be a lawyer.
His sons want to be lawyers.
His daughters want to be lawyers.
I want to be a lawyer.
You want to be a lawyer.
You want to be lawyers.
Tom wants to be a lawyer.
Mary wants to be a lawyer.
They want to be lawyers.
Sometimes we go by bus, and sometimes by car.
Sometimes you go by bus, and sometimes by car.
Sometimes she goes by bus, and sometimes by car.
Sometimes they go by bus, and sometimes by car.
I need to be more careful.
We need to be more careful.
They need to be more careful.
That house belongs to her.
That house belongs to you.
That house belongs to us.
That house belongs to them.
How do they do it?
A drop in the bucket.
You missed the last train.
She missed the last train.
We missed the last train.
They missed the last train.
Does he live in Algeria?
Does she live in Algeria?
Do they live in Algeria?
One thing is certain: he was right.
His wife asked him to throw that old hat away.
Her husband asked her to throw that old hat away.
You were really cold.
Please open the door for me.
He was really cold.
She was really cold.
We were really cold.
They were really cold.
I was really cold.
Mary cannot have done such a thing.
They cannot have done such a thing.
This hat is yours.
These hats are yours.
Harden up!
I also feel more at ease when my wife is not around.
No, the life that a man and a woman build together is rarely happy, don't you think?
You love children, don't you?
My wife doesn't seem to like even her own children.
The children were completely soaked.
He took the wood and sawed it using the saw.
She's a shopping addict.
She's addicted to shopping.
Why don't you just ask your parents for money?
I'm just a tourist.
Even though English is his native language, Tom doesn't know the difference between "tough" and "though".
Thanks for the compliment.
It did not last more than three minutes.
It will not last more than three minutes.
He went to West Point.
Can you get that to me by the end of the day?
I'll be ready.
He will be ready.
She will be ready.
May I ask why?
I'm playing with my cat.
I disagree with this completely.
I think we should just be friends.
She sneaked into the room.
She snuck into the room.
You should know that.
I don't make mistakes.
We don't make mistakes.
I miss college.
I can't play tennis that well.
She was in love with me, but I wasn't in love with her.
I heard that she learnt driving.
I heard that she got married and she had a kid.
I don't want to see her anymore.
I don't want to talk about her anymore.
I don't want to hear anything about her.
I want to forget her.
Her son has her eyes.
When I saw her son, I remembered her.
I don't think that it would have worked between me and her.
I didn't like the way she talked to people.
I didn't like the kind of friends she had.
She lied and I don't like liars.
She didn't write me any letter.
I joined the army to forget everything.
I don't have anything to tell her.
I don't know why I remember her from time to time.
Does this mean that I am still in love with her?
I don't understand my feelings.
I don't know what she thinks about me.
I am sure that she will never forgive me.
I was young and I thought that joining the army was the solution to any problem.
What is happening to me? Am I losing my personality?
I think that I didn't do anything wrong.
Some feelings are difficult to describe.
She can't understand my feelings.
She thinks that I wronged her.
She didn't want me to join the army.
I prefer to forget the past.
In order to forget the past, you got to move to another place.
I can't live in a place where I can't find a job.
Where do you want me to go? To a desert island?
How do I forget her?
I didn't know that you loved her so much.
I think it is necessary for you to go there.
I think it is necessary for her to go there.
I think it is necessary for us to go there.
I think it is necessary for them to go there.
I like nobody and nobody likes me.
You like nobody and nobody likes you.
We like nobody and nobody likes us.
They like nobody and nobody likes them.
He likes nobody and nobody likes him.
I haven't been married long.
You haven't been married long.
He hasn't been married long.
She hasn't been married long.
Mary hasn't been married long.
We haven't been married long.
They haven't been married long.
If you have a thought, please raise your hand.
Ask him whether Tom is at home or not.
Ask him whether Mary is at home or not.
I live near the dike.
You live near the dike.
He lives near the dike.
I do not know what to do to get through this month.
She lives near the dike.
Tom lives near the dike.
Mary lives near the dike.
We live near the dike.
They live near the dike.
It is very impolite of him to decline her invitation.
It is very impolite of her to decline his invitation.
It is very impolite of us to decline her invitation.
It is very impolite of them to decline her invitation.
It is very impolite of you to decline my invitation.
It is very impolite of him to decline my invitation.
It is very impolite of her to decline my invitation.
It is very impolite of them to decline my invitation.
It is very impolite of you to decline our invitation.
What country has the absolute advantage in the production of corn?
It is very impolite of him to decline our invitation.
It is very impolite of her to decline our invitation.
It is very impolite of them to decline our invitation.
It is very impolite of you to decline their invitation.
It is very impolite of him to decline their invitation.
It is very impolite of her to decline their invitation.
What I say is true.
What she says is true.
What we say is true.
What they say is true.
I usually go to school from Monday to Friday.
You usually go to school from Monday to Friday.
We usually go to school from Monday to Friday.
I endeavored to do my duty.
You endeavored to do your duty.
He endeavored in order to do his duty.
We endeavored in order to do his duty.
They endeavored in order to do their duty.
Is he free on Friday afternoon?
Is she free on Friday afternoon?
Are we free on Friday afternoon?
Are they free on Friday afternoon?
He would like to have another cup of coffee.
She would like to have another cup of coffee.
You are used to sleeping in a tent.
He is used to sleeping in a tent.
She is used to sleeping in a tent.
We are used to sleeping in a tent.
They are used to sleeping in a tent.
Mary has broad shoulders.
I have broad shoulders.
You have broad shoulders.
She has broad shoulders.
We have broad shoulders.
They have broad shoulders.
I forgot to turn off the light.
You forgot to turn off the light.
She forgot to turn off the light.
We forgot to turn off the light.
They forgot to turn off the light.
I couldn't keep from crying.
You couldn't keep from crying.
He couldn't keep from crying.
We couldn't keep from crying.
They couldn't keep from crying.
He had a strange dream last night.
She had a strange dream last night.
I prayed that my mother would forgive me.
You prayed that your mother would forgive you.
He prayed that his mother would forgive him.
We prayed that our mother would forgive us.
Tom prayed that his mother would forgive him.
Mary prayed that her mother would forgive her.
They prayed that their mother would forgive them.
I prayed that my father would forgive me.
You prayed that your father would forgive you.
He prayed that his father would forgive him.
She prayed that her father would forgive her.
We prayed that our father would forgive us.
They prayed that their father would forgive them.
I prayed that my children would forgive me.
You prayed that your children would forgive you.
He prayed that his children would forgive him.
She prayed that her children would forgive her.
We prayed that our children would forgive us.
They prayed that their children would forgive them.
I prayed that my daughters would forgive me.
You prayed that your daughters would forgive you.
He prayed that his daughters would forgive him.
She prayed that her daughters would forgive her.
We prayed that our daughters would forgive us.
They prayed that their daughters would forgive them.
Your house was broken into last night.
Her house was broken into last night.
Our house was broken into last night.
Their house was broken into last night.
How did I manage to do that?
How did he manage to do that?
How did she manage to do that?
How did we manage to do that?
How did they manage to do that?
Never did we see such a beautiful sunset.
She'll only come to my birthday party if you'll come, too.
Do good to them that hate you.
Be good to everyone who hates you.
Do good to those that hate you.
Be kind to those who hate you.
Do what is good to those who hate you.
Do good to them which hate you.
Did you learn Finnish just because you loved her?
"Take all the land you want. There will always be enough land for both white and Native American people," said the Indian chief. "Really? So we want all the land from the Arctic Ocean to the Antarctic Ocean," said the general.
"Let the English and the French take all the land they want," said the Indian chief. "But they want to take all the land between the Atlantic Ocean and the Pacific Ocean. Is that OK?" said Tom.
"What do you want?" asked the Indian chief. "We want all the land from the North Pole to the South Pole," said the English general.
"Why did the English fight the Native Americans?" asked Tom. "And why did the Indians fight the English?" asked Mary.
"Take all the land you want", said the Aborigine chief. "Oh no," said the English general, "we will take just an island." "And which island?" asked the Aborigene chief. "Just the island of Australia," replied the English general.
"How many slaves do you need to take from Africa?" asked the African chief. "Everybody over the age of ten who happens to live on Africa's western coast from Morocco to South Africa," replied the Portuguese captain.
This kingdom needs a new king.
This company needs a new manager.
This party needs a new leader.
This school needs a new principal.
This country needs a new president.
This ship needs a new captain.
That is sensitive apparatus.
France shares a border with Spain.
France and Spain have a common border.
This mosque needs a new imam.
This museum needs a new guide.
That's why people love you.
That's why spectators love you.
That's why students love you.
That's why children love you.
That's why teachers love you.
That's why workers love you.
That's why cats love you.
That's why dogs love you.
That's why patients love you.
That's why elderly people love you.
You can't blame genetics!
The thieves divvied up the stolen loot among themselves.
There are so many things to do.
There were so many things to do.
There will be so many things to do.
I learn new things every day.
How did I come here?
How did she come here?
How did we come here?
How did they come here?
His wife is a member of the Castelli family.
Mary doesn't know who she should ask.
I don't know who I should ask.
You don't know who you should ask.
He doesn't know who he should ask.
She doesn't know who she should ask.
We don't know who we should ask.
They don't know who they should ask.
My new novel will come out next month.
Your new novel will come out next month.
Our new novel will come out next month.
Their new novel will come out next month.
Have a great weekend!
Do they both understand Japanese?
I have a hump.
I just arrived at the hostel.
Do you go there often?
We have to wait often.
Without you, I'm nothing.
I'm nothing without you.
There's no question about that!
The world is full of gossipers and liars.
These compliments encourage me to continue. However, there's still a long way to go.
Nothing has been decided yet.
We noted that things were going well.
Can you Braille?
Can you write Braille?
Can you write in Braille?
Helen Keller was blind, deaf, and dumb.
It would be better to be blind than to see that.
He isn’t blind from birth.
What does a stamp for a postcard to Germany cost?
I forgot to stick the stamp onto the letter to be sent.
I forgot to stick the stamp to the letter before sending it off.
This film is for children.
He prefers his poems to mine.
It is possible to write Braille by hand using a slate and a stylus.
Who hit you?
I want to know who you are.
Send me your picture.
I want to know you.
I don't want to be known.
I want to see your real face.
Some day, you will see me.
Where can I see you?
How can I see you?
Can you come to my country?
I don't have enough money to travel.
I need to work for a year in order to have enough money to travel.
I can't go abroad this year.
This year, I need to buy a car.
I reached my goal.
You reached your goal.
She reached her goal.
We reached our goal.
Take me to the Native Americans.
I am not really interested in Native American music. I am rather interested in their languages.
Is that a llama?
Why am I so tired?
General Custer didn't kill any Native American. It was his bullets that did it.
Buffalo Bill didn't kill any bison. It was climate change that did it.
Pizarro didn't kill Inca Emperor Atahualpa. It was a rope that did it.
The Aztec Empire wasn't destroyed by the Spanish. It was the fall of communism that did it.
They want to take land, but there are men on that land. They want to get rid of them, so they call them the 'savage'. Once called the 'savage', these men are not considered as humans anymore. So it's permitted to kill them off to the last one. And this is how somebody's land becomes somebody else's land.
The last Tasmanian wolf died in 1936.
The Tasmanian devil is a true animal.
In 1642, Abel Tasman became the first European to see Tasmania.
He can do it better than me.
He fell under the table.
Where are you scheduled to visit?
Love needs courage.
He is coming at once.
She is coming at once.
They are coming at once.
We are coming at once.
How come I didn't lock the door?
How come I didn't close the door?
How come I didn't roll the car window up?
How come I didn't take my phone?
How come I didn't call Mary?
They call you Tom.
They call you Sue.
They call you Indians.
They call you "the actresses".
They call him Bruce.
They call her Lena.
They call us Russians.
They call them Greeks.
They call them "the sisters."
I am about your age.
You are about my age.
She is about your age.
We are about your age.
They are about your age.
They said that they had been in Mexico for five years.
You said that you had been in Russia for seven years.
She said that she had been in England for three years.
We said that we had been in Peru for five years.
He felt something touch his shoulder.
She felt something touch her hand.
Why does luck hate you?
Why does luck hate him?
Why does luck hate her?
Why does luck hate me?
Why does luck hate us?
Why does luck hate them?
I stopped to talk.
You stopped to talk.
He stopped to talk.
She stopped to talk.
We stopped to talk.
You usually went to the theater on Saturday.
He usually went to the beach on Friday.
She usually went to the gym on Thursday.
We usually went to the zoo on Wednesday.
They usually went to the shopping mall on Monday.
I caught two fish.
You caught three birds.
She caught two mice.
We caught two foxes.
They caught five butterflies.
You have a lot of problems.
He has a lot of pictures.
She has a lot of perfumes.
We have a lot of friends.
I found a stain on your bed.
She didn't come before two.
Mankind has walked on the Moon.
I became his friend.
In spring, the days become longer.
You only have to try hard.
For sale: baby shoes, never used.
It's better to do nothing than to do something poorly.
No worries! This is good enough!
That idea's not bad.
"The economy has opened up a faultline in the Atlantic," announces La Stampa, reporting on the impact of recent remarks by Barack Obama which imply that the poor management of the Eurozone crisis is to blame for the feeble outlook for growth in the US.
Tom is a competent nurse.
Her mother is American.
Islamabad is the capital of Pakistan.
As long as you finish eating your food, then you can play with your friends.
Inside my backpack there are many colored pens, red ones, blue ones, green ones, etc.
I did what I promised to do for you.
You did what you promised to do for me.
She did what she promised to do for me.
We did what we promised to do for you.
They did what they promised to do for you.
They did what they promised to do for me.
He did what he promised to do for you.
She did what she promised to do for you.
I did what I promised to do for him.
I did what I promised to do for her.
I did what I promised to do for them.
I can speak both English and Spanish.
You can speak both Russian and Chinese.
She can speak both Spanish and Basque.
We can speak both Japanese and Korean.
They can speak both Berber and Arabic.
You did what you promised to do for us.
He did what he promised to do for us.
She did what she promised to do for us.
They did what they promised to do for us.
It was easy for me to find water.
It was easy for you to find a taxi.
It was easy for him to find a job.
It was easy for her to find a job.
It was easy for them to find a hotel.
It is necessary that I see a doctor.
It is necessary that he see a doctor.
It is necessary that she see a doctor.
It is necessary that we see a doctor.
It is necessary that they see a doctor.
I am proud of my father.
I'm tired. I've got to go now.
I have ten days to review the entire grammar of the French language.
Please don't tell anyone.
Please keep it a secret.
Does your school have a library?
Her skin is white like snow.
Find how they lived, and you'll find how they died.
My parents know my girlfriend.
That book costs 3,yen.
Whose umbrella is that?
I cannot explain it to you now.
Don't bother me, I'm studying a difficult thing.
Their car is parked near ours.
Your bicycle is much newer than mine.
Our house is very close to theirs.
I won't be in time for the meeting.
You won't be in time for the meeting.
She won't be in time for the meeting.
We won't be in time for the meeting.
They won't be in time for the meeting.
Wake him up.
Wake her up.
Wake us up at seven o'clock.
Wake them up.
She's showing me what to do.
I lit the candles.
You lit the candles.
He lit the candles.
She lit the candles.
We lit the candles.
They lit the candles.
When does he play tennis?
When does she play tennis?
When do they play soccer?
The dog is his.
The dog is hers.
The dog is ours.
The dog is theirs.
I go to work by bus.
You go to work by car.
He goes to work by train.
She goes to work by taxi.
We go to work by subway.
They go to school by streetcar.
I am good at languages.
You are good at literature.
She is good at geography.
We are good at music.
They are good at computing.
Can he come to the meeting tomorrow?
Can she come to the meeting tomorrow?
Can they come to the meeting tomorrow?
I remember meeting him somewhere.
I remember meeting them somewhere.
I am crazy for him!
I am crazy for her!
I am crazy for them!
I ate the whole apple.
I am wearing an expensive watch.
You are wearing expensive earrings.
He is wearing an expensive pair of glasses.
We are wearing expensive jewels.
They are wearing expensive rings.
He knows who she is.
She knows who he is.
We know who he is.
They know who he is.
I know who she is.
You know who she is.
We know who she is.
They know who she is.
I know who I am.
You know who I am.
He knows who I am.
She knows who I am.
They know who I am.
He knows who you are.
She knows who you are.
We know who you are.
They know who you are.
You know who we are.
He knows who we are.
She knows who we are.
We know who we are.
They know who we are.
I know who they are.
You know who they are.
He knows who they are.
She knows who they are.
We know who they are.
They know who they are.
She winked at him as soon as she saw him and signed for him to stay with her.
I was very happy.
You were very happy.
She was very happy.
We were very happy.
They were very happy.
I traveled on foot.
You traveled by train.
He traveled by boat.
She traveled by bus.
They traveled by car.
I didn't have anything to say to the manager.
You didn't have anything to say to Tom.
He didn't have anything to say to the teacher.
She didn't have anything to say to the policeman.
We didn't have anything to say to the mayor.
They didn't have anything to say to the judge.
I translated the article from Spanish into Basque.
You translated the play from Turkish into Arabic.
She translated the speech from Chinese into German.
We translated the report from English into Afrikaans.
They translated the novel from Russian into Armenian.
He has two houses.
We have two boats.
They have two dictionaries.
New York is the city you visit the most.
London is the city he loves the most.
Istanbul is the city she likes the most.
Shanghai is the city we miss the most.
Buenos Aires is the city they visit the most.
I'm sure that you will get angry.
I'm sure that she will get angry.
I'm sure that they will get angry.
I admitted that I was wrong.
You admitted that you were wrong.
We admitted that we were wrong.
They admitted that they were wrong.
You took an airplane from Paris to New York.
She took an airplane from Algiers to Rome.
We took an airplane from Mexico to Madrid.
They took an airplane from Berlin to Istanbul.
This is me and this is my cat.
"You've got a crush on this boy." "No, I don't!"
We need to be prepared.
You need to be prepared.
I need to be prepared.
I'm hit!
It's on fire.
She is about to die.
He is about to die.
Baguettes are delicious.
French bread is delicious.
You're a real pain in the ass.
She's a pain in the ass.
He's a pain in the ass.
I never talked to her again.
I never talked to him again.
I actually don't know the answer.
What is the purpose of education?
The world is changing fast.
Don't open the door for anybody.
She works long hours.
He works long hours.
Ancient archeological sites are under threat in Syria.
He's watching the Paralympics.
She competed in the Paralympic Games.
What was he doing there?
What was she doing there?
What was she doing here?
What was he doing here?
He was accused of being a spy.
She was arrested and accused of being a spy.
The roof is leaking.
What do you really think?
What do you really think of her?
I can barely see it.
I am not proud of this.
Are you sure about that?
It's like a drug.
I cannot remember a single thing of what I did.
If I were more creative, I'd have finished hours ago.
If I were more creative, I would try to write music.
If I were more creative, I'd draw "the foreign".
The blackboard is blank.
If he is born today we'll name him Alvaro, otherwise we'll name him Pablo.
That day, the most important invention of humanity was born.
Is an invisible mirror a mirror at all?
I feel comfortable in awkward situations.
You have been skipping school for a week already.
Maybe I am like him, or maybe you are. Maybe everyone is.
The white curtains flutter in the breeze in a heavy, lazy motion, like waves.
The remainder of his sentence was drowned out by the sudden noise.
She fidgeted, looking noticeably contrite.
I began to feel as if I had haplessly tumbled down into this crazy wonderland.
The place is a beehive of activity.
The room is empty apart from the speck of dust floating in the air.
He chivalrously carries our bags.
You sold your soul to the devil and didn't get anything in return? What's wrong with you!?
My legs are killing me.
She rolled her eyes in exasperation.
He burst the door open and nearly took it off the hinges.
It fits on a single floppy disk.
You need to lower your standards.
She needs to lower her standards.
He needs to lower his standards.
I share a house with two of my friends.
The more I spoke, the wider her grin became.
She disappeared leaving only a conspiratorial wink.
It's the perfect size.
It's not logical.
She's now older and wiser.
He's older, but no wiser.
Is the phone ringing?
Fire!
He was caught with his pants down.
She was caught with her pants down.
You cannot be serious!
They need the money.
You have brought shame upon our family.
He has brought shame upon his family.
Are you out of your mind?
You're safe now.
This team rocks!
At the moment, you are entering your sentences in the wrong place. You should select "Contribute" at the top of the page and then "Add sentences".
Unlike "then", "than" is not related to time. "Than" is used in comparative statements.
My sneakers stink to high heaven!
That guy is a party pooper.
That guy is a party spoiler.
You give up too easily.
Don't you have any friends?
I wish I could see Tom again.
You're a powerful woman!
The investor stole the capital of his client.
Marie-France and Joël are good friends.
I had difficulties interpreting the question.
Dinner is usually not ready until six o'clock.
For me, interpreting the question was problematic.
After taking a bath, Tom ate dinner.
After Tom had eaten everything on his plate, he asked Mary if he could eat her salad.
Do you know if Tom has already eaten?
Do you know what Tom ate for lunch?
Has Tom eaten yet?
I suppose it could have been Tom who ate my ham sandwich.
I wasn't sure if Tom had eaten yet.
I would never eat anything that Tom makes.
If Tom ate more vegetables, he'd probably be healthier.
If Tom doesn't eat this, please give it to Mary.
If Tom would eat less, he'd be healthier.
If Tom wouldn't eat so much, he wouldn't be so fat.
Is Tom finished eating?
The doctor told Tom that he should eat a lot of vegetables.
The last piece of cake was eaten by Tom.
Tom accidentally ate some rat poison.
Tom always eats before going to work.
Tom always eats breakfast cereal without sugar.
Tom always peels apples before he eats them.
Tom always washes his hands before eating anything.
Tom and Mary don't have much money so they seldom eat out.
Tom ate a light lunch before working out.
Tom ate all of the chocolate.
Tom ate all the bread that I bought yesterday.
Tom ate dinner, but he didn't eat any dessert.
Tom ate in the classroom with his classmates.
Tom ate like a pig.
Tom ate some of my rice while I was away from the table.
Tom ate something.
Tom ate the apple that Mary had left on the dining room table.
Tom ate the banana without washing his hands.
Tom ate the last piece of cake.
Tom ate the leftover pizza for breakfast.
Tom doesn't allow his son to eat ice cream.
Tom doesn't eat a balanced diet.
Tom doesn't eat anything except the vegetables that he grows himself.
Tom doesn't eat meat and neither does Mary.
Tom doesn't like to eat onions.
Tom eats lunch every day at noon.
Tom eats anything that Mary puts on the table.
Tom eats breakfast every morning at six o'clock.
Tom eats fish at least once a week.
Tom eats more food than Mary does.
Tom eats rice almost every day.
Tom finished eating then washed the dishes.
Tom had already eaten lunch when Mary arrived.
Tom hardly ever eats cucumbers.
Tom has already eaten.
Tom has been eating at that restaurant since he was a teenager.
Tom has eaten three hot dogs so far.
Tom has never eaten raw horse meat.
Tom hasn't been able to eat solid food since his accident.
Tom is eating lunch now.
Tom is planning to eat dinner with Mary tonight.
Tom might eat this, but I doubt it.
Tom might have eaten before he came.
Tom might have eaten the stew if it had been less salty.
Tom might not eat this kind of cheese.
Tom might want to eat something when he finishes working out.
Tom never used to eat so much junk food.
Tom not only eats more than Mary does, but he also eats much faster.
Tom often eats breakfast by himself.
Tom often eats popcorn when he's watching a movie.
Tom only eats kosher food.
Tom probably wants to eat some Chinese food.
Tom refused to eat what his mother put on the table.
Tom said he had a stomachache and didn't feel like eating anything.
Tom said that he was planning to eat the whole watermelon by himself.
Tom said that he was too busy to eat.
Tom said that he'd never eaten such a delicious meal before.
Tom sat there silently watching Mary eat the last of the food.
Tom says that he's just eaten.
Tom seems to be eating all the time.
Tom seldom eats seafood.
Tom should have already eaten by now.
Tom should have been eating more vegetables and not as much meat.
Tom shouldn't have eaten so much.
Tom told me that I should eat at that restaurant.
Tom told me that you like to eat spicy food.
Tom told us that we would eat as soon as we got to the cabin.
Tom used to eat a lot of junk food.
Tom uses a spoon to eat rice, but Mary prefers to use chopsticks.
Tom usually eats alone.
Tom usually eats anything that Mary puts in front of him.
Tom usually eats too quickly.
Tom usually takes a shower before eating breakfast.
Tom wanted to eat cake and ice cream for dessert.
Tom wants to eat some apple pie.
Tom was eating dinner when Mary arrived.
Tom was eating his dessert when the phone rang.
Tom was hungry, so he asked Mary to cook something.
Tom was the first one to finish eating.
Tom wasn't very hungry, so he didn't eat much.
Tom watched a YouTube video on how to eat a pomegranate.
Tom will eat as soon as he gets home.
Tom will eat when he gets home.
Tom would have eaten more if he hadn't been sick.
Tom's eaten at that restaurant before.
We were eating dinner when Tom called.
We'll eat as soon as Tom gets here.
I think Tom wants something to eat.
Tom gave his dog something to eat.
Tom went to a nearby convenience store to buy something to eat.
You shouldn't eat this meat. It smells bad.
You shouldn't eat between meals.
You should pack a lunch so you'll have something to eat on your hike.
You should eat this while it's still warm.
You should eat a variety of fresh fruits and vegetables.
You may eat anything in the refrigerator.
You eat more food than I do.
Would you like to eat some pudding?
Would you like something to eat?
Why is it important to eat healthy food?
Why don't you come over and eat with us this evening?
Why aren't you eating?
Who will you eat dinner with tonight?
Who are you eating dinner with tonight?
Where do you eat lunch?
When you eat pancakes, how many do you usually eat?
When I was a child, my mother made me eat everything on my plate.
When do you usually eat lunch?
When do you eat turkey?
What's the most interesting thing you ate on your trip?
What're you eating?
What kind of food do you not like to eat?
What kind of food do you like to eat?
What I want now is something to eat.
What have you eaten today?
What do whales eat?
What did you eat?
What did you eat for lunch?
We're just getting ready to eat.
We're going to eat dinner at the Jacksons' tonight.
We're going to eat at a new restaurant tonight.
We're about to eat.
We'll have finished eating by the time you arrive.
We'll eat lunch on the bus.
We'll eat at six o'clock.
We'll be eating soon.
We usually eat before seven.
We ate way too much last night.
We are eating now. Could you please call back later?
This is the first time I've ever eaten store-bought cookies.
This is one of the best places to eat in town.
There were some men eating their lunches under the trees in front of the library.
The teacher told us that we couldn't eat in the classroom.
The last time I ate at that restaurant the food wasn't very good.
The dog quickly ate everything in its dish.
The doctor told me that I should eat less.
The doctor told me that I should eat breakfast every day.
The doctor told me that I should change my eating habits.
The coach told the players not to eat too much before the game.
The chicken has already been eaten.
Some people think that eating grapefruit with every meal will help you lose weight.
Since it was raining, we had to eat our picnic lunch indoors.
Please wash your hands before you eat.
Please wash the lettuce well before you eat it.
Please let me eat in peace.
One way to lose weight is to eat less.
On Friday nights, I often go eat pizza with my friends.
No one wanted to eat.
No one ate anything.
My children will probably have eaten all the candy by the time I get home.
My children refuse to eat fish.
My children had eaten all the cookies by the time I got home.
Most of us don't eat a balanced diet.
Mashed potatoes are often eaten with gravy.
Many people eat fried chicken with their fingers.
Many children don't like eating spinach.
Lunch is usually eaten on the deck.
Let's go outside and eat.
Let's go out and eat.
Let's eat.
Let's eat together tonight.
Let's eat out.
Let's eat lunch outside.
It's more expensive to eat at a restaurant than to eat at the school cafeteria.
It costs a lot of money to eat out.
If you'd eat a bit less, you'd lose a few pounds.
If you eat well, you're likely to live longer.
If you eat too much, you'll get fat.
If you always eat that much, you'll gain weight.
If he hadn't been eating while driving, he wouldn't have had an accident.
I've heard that you shouldn't eat red meat more than once a day.
I've eaten all the crackers.
I've already eaten.
I'm sorry, but I can't eat dinner with you.
I'm planning on making us something to eat.
I'm going to get something to eat.
I'm glad that I didn't eat the same thing that you did.
I'm glad that I didn't eat the food that made you sick.
I'll eat lunch when I get home.
I'd suggest that you don't eat there. It's high priced and the food doesn't taste all that good.
I'd rather not eat this.
I'd never go back to eating meat.
I'd like to eat something light.
I wish I could've eaten at that restaurant with you.
I wish I could eat steak more often.
I wish I could eat some chocolate ice cream right now.
I was being eaten alive by mosquitos.
I want to eat some grapes.
I usually eat at home with my family.
I usually don't have time to eat a large lunch.
I tried to eat it, but I couldn't.
I think this is the best place to eat in town.
I think this is the best meal I've ever eaten.
I shouldn't have eaten so much.
I saw a snake eating a mouse.
I plan to eat as soon as I get off work.
I only eat meat about three times a week.
I only eat kosher food.
I often eat peanut butter on crackers.
I often eat chicken.
I like to eat a late breakfast.
I like salmon. I eat it as often as I can.
I haven't eaten at my grandmother's house since I was a kid.
I haven't eaten anything since breakfast.
I haven't been eating out much lately.
I have to eat dinner with my boss tonight.
I had just finished eating lunch when my doorbell rang.
I enjoy eating with you.
I enjoy eating many different kinds of food.
I eat lunch at the same time every day.
I eat dinner every evening at six o'clock.
I dreamed that I was eating my granddaughter's wedding cake.
I don't want to eat this.
I don't want to eat anything.
I don't often eat deep-fried food.
I don't like to eat garlic in the morning.
I don't know if I'll be able to eat lunch with you tomorrow.
I don't eat green peppers at all.
I didn't have time to eat breakfast this morning.
I didn't eat lunch yesterday.
I didn't eat breakfast this morning.
I didn't eat anything.
I didn't eat anything yesterday.
I couldn't eat anything else.
I couldn't eat another bite.
I ate the pork even though it was undercooked.
I ate pizza every day last week.
I ate half the apple before I noticed there was a worm in it.
How often do you eat caviar?
How much time does it usually take you to eat breakfast?
How much rice do you eat every day?
How much does it cost to eat at such a place?
How much cake can you eat?
How many meals do you eat a day?
How many eggs did you eat this morning?
How many cookies did you eat?
How many bowls of rice did you eat?
Horses eat grass.
Have you finished eating?
Have you eaten anything unusual recently?
Have the guests eaten?
Have the children eaten yet?
Give it to my dog. He'll eat anything.
Eating with you is a pleasure.
Eat everything on your plate.
Do you want to eat now or later?
Dinner is ready to eat.
Did you eat your spinach?
Could you bring me something to eat?
After eating, the first thing I do is brush my teeth.
Ecstasy is a stimulant type of drug.
"We need to talk." "I don't need to talk to you anymore."
I didn't hear my alarm clock.
That ship has sailed.
He gave them a lift to the town.
I used to read every book that came my way.
The young man's face became even redder.
Human blood has the same colour everywhere.
Where can I check my luggage in?
The young woman's face became even redder.
I'm working right now.
I love Aimer's music.
I'm a terrible swimmer.
He is going to be a father soon.
Tom couldn't swim.
I'm going to sign up for a German class right now.
The company decided to hire two new secretaries.
The cold spell slowed the growth of the rice plants.
All of the children were completely asleep before it got dark.
Which language is spoken in Uruguay?
There are books about art on the table.
Her mother knew that her eldest daughter had signed up for a drama seminar, but she had no idea that she was so deeply involved as to appear on stage.
We want to protect this world we have.
The foreigners are having a tennis tournament. Do you want to go?
Kotaro found a large swallowtail butterfly and chased him about meters inside the grass field.
Where does he practice law?
Don't do anything you wouldn't want to be caught dead doing.
Don't do anything you wouldn't want somebody to catch you doing if you died while doing it.
Stay right where you are.
There's a new sheriff in town.
Proceed with caution.
I'm glad someone agrees with me for once.
I don't want to get involved.
He doesn't want to get involved.
She doesn't want to get involved.
She's in the kitchen.
He's in the closet.
She's on her way.
He's on his way.
It makes no sense at all.
I'm working on it.
He's working on it.
She's working on it.
This is totally insane.
He's in for a shock.
She's in for a shock.
I hope someone sees this.
I hope she sees this.
I hope he sees this.
He has testicular cancer.
She has breast cancer.
I'm sure he would approve.
I'm sure she would approve.
The show starts in ten minutes.
Did I get it right?
It was the only way.
Can I touch it?
There's nothing fun about that.
There's nothing funny about that.
She laughed and gave me a playful shove.
What is she up to?
What is the cat up to?
You're just not the person I thought you were.
She's just not the person I thought she was.
He's just not the person I thought he was.
Thanks for the hint.
I've come a long way.
She has come a long way.
He has come a long way.
How are you today, my brother?
Since you're a minor, you aren't allowed to enter.
It's a tough read.
It's getting larger.
That's impossible for me.
I can't afford it.
He was happy that he passed that exam.
Dogs can see in the dark.
Please don't hesitate to call.
It was last week that John bought a second-hand car.
You shouldn't be concerned about the exam. I'm sure it is far beneath your talents.
I'm here and I would like to say something.
No one can control him.
Since you are here, we might as well begin.
"You want to travel to so many countries, how do you plan to communicate with other people?" "That is not a problem. I can speak Esperanto."
He's too old.
The purpose of antitrust law is to stop the abusive influence of the market by big companies.
Let's go to loot the supermarket!
This bag is greasy.
Saturdays are sacred.
Please don't touch this.
Please don't touch me.
He loves animals a lot.
Send the package to me care of Miss E Book.
We're mounting it!
We are mounting it!
Mayuko doesn't get enough sleep.
The problem is that solar energy just costs too much.
The foreigners are having a tennis tournament. Would you like to come and watch it?
If you are up for it, let's go!
As we age, our ability to remember gets worse.
There are two slices of pizza for each person.
When I don't have anything to say, I am not embarrassed to be quiet.
We will be done in at most an hour.
We say that there's a man in the moon but no-one really believes it.
I'm told that eating jelly helps grow strong nails.
There's a spider on my ceiling and it isn't contributing to the rent.
I hate doing the washing up, even more than cleaning the toilet.
No, just the one.
No, just one.
I can't believe she did that to me - she turned out to be a real frenemy.
What do you want for your birthday?
I know just enough German to get me into trouble.
And pigs might fly!
It being a name, I think you can just leave it as it is with no detriment to the translation.
You're not paying attention to what I'm saying. Your mind is elsewhere.
You should have told him.
The fact that these assertions have consistently proved to be without foundation unfortunately does not prevent their repetition.
They don't understand me when I speak German.
I've misjudged you.
These facts support my hypothesis.
Your will is unimportant in love. We don't choose who we love.
It's a polytechnic engineer.
That is an absolute lie.
I prefer to go barefoot in the house.
How did you discover that Tom was the one who had embezzled the money?
How did you ever get Tom to give you that painting?
How did Tom ever get Mary to go out with him?
How did you find out that Tom hadn't paid his bills?
How did you find out that Tom was the one who had eaten your sandwich?
How did you get Tom to give you so much money?
How did you get Tom to quit drinking?
How did you manage to get Tom to do that?
How did you manage to talk Tom into working for you?
How did you know that Tom didn't like Mary?
How do you know that Tom doesn't like Mary?
How did you know that Tom had never been to Boston?
How did you know Tom wanted to go to Boston?
How did you know that Tom was planning to eat at that restaurant last night?
How did you know that Tom would be late?
How did you know Tom would be there?
How did you know that Tom wouldn't show up on time?
How did you know his name was Tom?
How did you know his name wasn't Tom?
How did Tom know that Mary would be here?
How did Tom know that Mary wouldn't be here?
How did you learn that Tom was living in Boston?
How did you learn that Tom wasn't living in Boston?
How did you and Tom meet?
How did Tom ever pass that test?
How did Tom get his hands on so much money?
How did Tom get to be so rich?
How did Tom get into that mess?
How will Tom get out of that mess?
I wonder how Tom will get out of that mess.
How did Tom get to know Mary?
How did Tom convince Mary to marry him?
How do you think Tom will convince Mary to marry him?
How did Tom lose so much weight so quickly?
How was Tom able to lose so much weight so quickly?
How did Tom manage to lose so much weight so quickly?
I can't figure out how Tom managed to lose so much weight so quickly.
How does Tom manage to stay so slim?
How did Tom manage to do that?
I wonder how Tom managed to park his car in such a small space.
How did Tom get Mary and John to stop fighting?
How did Tom die?
How did Tom get in?
How did Tom respond?
How did Tom manage that?
How did Tom react?
How did Tom cope with the problem?
How do you think Tom will cope with the situation?
How did we get into so much trouble?
How did we get into this situation?
How did you become interested in studying languages?
How did you become involved in this project?
How did you come up with such a good idea?
How did you come up with that answer?
How did you end up in Boston?
How did you get interested in art?
How did you get so good at French?
How did you learn to speak French so well?
How did you learn to cook so well?
How did you learn to dance so well?
How did you lose so much weight?
How did you wind up doing this kind of work?
How did you handle the situation?
How do we do that?
How do you think that makes me feel?
How do you pronounce this?
I don't understand this confusing grammar question.
I've been very hungry since this morning.
You old moron! What do you understand?!
God surveyed the people, and there was no fragrance of virtue arising from them, but the rank odour of punishments.
His English is excellent.
Do not talk nonsense, My job is very boring!
From what school did you graduate?
Assets have earning power or some other value to their owner.
Many people who are blind do use a form of echolocation, and what Daniel Kish does, he takes that ability and hones it.
She likens the impact of his training to a piano student progressing from the ability to play a simple tune to performing a concerto.
My younger brother is still sleeping.
People want it!
My father waters the flowers.
Have you already seen the film?
They stayed like that for a while.
Jam comes in a jar.
Tell the world I'm coming home.
Does Arnold Schwarzenegger still speak German?
Does Arnold Schwarzenegger still know German?
Does Arnold Schwarzenegger visit Austria?
My brother wants to visit Liechtenstein.
He is searching one of his friends.
When I was sick, she didn't come to visit me.
When I was at the hospital, she didn't come to visit me.
His behavior angered the policeman.
He stole a motorcycle from a student.
He vowed to avenge his friend's death.
He thinks a lot about his father.
He talks a lot about his father.
I wonder why he talks a lot about his father.
Who is this Tom you always talk about?
The father is in good health.
This book isn't as easy as that one.
That'll teach you!
In the valley, the violets came out early.
At what time are we going to get a bite to eat, with all that?
"I'd like to play cards." "So would I."
She gets about with the help of a walker.
I want to summarize the content of the presentation and draw a conclusion.
Summarize the text with your own words.
I work a lot.
He works a lot.
You saved us all.
He saved us all.
She saved us all.
Show me how to do this.
Show him how to do this.
Can you show me how to do this?
I love my Tamagotchi.
I'm not a thief.
I'm not a crook.
The enemy is weak.
Our allies are weak.
Stay away from my daughter!
I've done it before.
He said that he would help me.
She said that she would help me.
I said that I would help him.
I said that I would help her.
We have a serious problem.
I have a serious problem.
A trilogy usually has three parts.
Why are you two always fighting?
Why are they always fighting?
Why are these two always fighting?
It's okay as long as no one finds out about it.
Don't blame the victim.
Watch where you're going!
Tom lives in a small town in the Bavarian Alps.
Whales are not fish. They are mammals.
They're intelligent and voracious.
That's not very reassuring.
No one will remember your own memories.
Thanks for the advice.
This lady is old and crazy.
She's old and crazy.
He's old and crazy.
You have no right to be here.
I will do anything that you ask.
Don't worry. He knows what he's doing.
Don't worry. She knows what she's doing.
She has a photographic memory.
He has a photographic memory.
The man standing over there next to the bookcase has a photographic memory.
That woman who has a child on her knee has a photographic memory.
The answer is 42.
That man standing near the door and that woman on the opposite side of the room next to the window have photographic memories.
He did not come.
She did not come.
Computers are better than us.
Computers are better than us at playing chess.
He showed up late to practice.
She showed up early for practice.
That was my finger.
I'm from the future.
I've lived here my whole life.
There's a new boy in school.
There's a new girl in school.
Tom likes Mexican food.
That's not good enough.
Does he like me?
Does she like me?
There is a toy shop in the neighborhood.
I long for my lost happiness.
A large amount of money was spent on the new bridge.
I get hives when I eat eggs.
She gets hives when she eats eggs.
Because of the snow, the train didn't run.
I saw this movie a very long time ago.
When a man opens the door of a car for a woman, either the woman is new, or the car.
I've always wanted to meet you, but not, of course, under these circumstances.
I am trying to ask my questions in French.
What do UFOs believe in?
A ball hit me in the back of the head while I was playing soccer.
What did Malcolm X say?
What did Christopher Columbus discover?
What did Frida Kahlo paint?
What did Thomas Edison invent?
What did Galileo see?
Who did Pizarro kill?
Who did Atahualpa fight?
When did Geronimo die?
What did Shakespeare write?
What did Ella Fitzgerald sing?
What did James Cook describe?
What did Ferdinand Magellan do?
Who did William Wallace defeat?
What did Walt Disney draw?
Where did Marco Polo go?
Who did Confucius teach?
Where was Woody Allen born?
Who did Mike Tyson bite?
Where was Michael Jackson buried?
Who did Mother Teresa help?
Where did Mahatma Gandhi study?
Where was Nelson Mandela imprisoned?
Where was Guido Fawkes tortured?
Who did Maurice Papon torture?
When was John Kennedy assassinated?
Who did Batman save?
Where did Edgar Hoover work?
Where did Arnold Schwarzenegger come from?
Who did Diego Maradona train?
What did Henry Ford sell?
What did Shah Jahan build?
The sun never sets on my empire.
Ignorance and fear, those are the two pillars of any religion.
He lives off the grid.
He's a dumpster diver.
She's a tree hugger.
I was shocked to see this.
This is good news.
This is bad news.
The iPhone was released yesterday.
I have come here just to help.
He will notice sooner or later.
She will notice sooner or later.
The cat is in the box.
Tom and Mary rescued an orphaned kitten.
He has a tight schedule.
She has a tight schedule.
I have a tight schedule.
Tom bought a new pickup.
Tom bought a new pick-up.
He lives in his car.
Tom tried to impress a girl.
Skateboarding is dangerous.
I want a religion that respects the differences that exist between people and that states that each individual has their own personality.
Where did you start learning to speak Dutch?
We are defenseless.
Let's pretend this never happened.
I pretended that I didn't see it.
Tom tried to impress his boss.
Tom seems to be trying to impress the new manager.
I'm not trying to impress anyone.
Tom could sense that Mary was trying to impress him.
It's not clear who Tom was trying to impress.
I think Tom is trying to impress you.
I was impressed on how well Tom could speak French.
No matter how hard Tom tried, he couldn't impress Mary.
Tom is pretty good at juggling, but Mary doesn't seem to be impressed.
You have a great imagination.
Who were you dreaming about?
What's on your mind?
What were you dreaming about?
What are we supposed to do?
I've never stopped loving you.
I'll teach you what you need to know.
I'll teach you how to play the ukulele if you want me to.
I'll teach you everything you need to know.
I'll take care of you.
Don't do anything stupid.
Do as you're told.
We can't pretend that this didn't happen.
Tom pretends that he just doesn't care.
Tom pretended that what Mary said didn't hurt.
Tom pretended that he didn't know that Mary had stolen his money.
Tom pretended that he didn't know Mary.
Tom pretended that he didn't hear Mary calling his name.
Tom pretended that he didn't care that Mary was going out with John.
Tom pretended that he didn't care that he was poor.
Tom pretended he didn't see Mary do what she did.
Tom likes pretending that he's the boss.
Tom likes to pretend that he has a lot of money.
It's no use pretending that you can't speak French.
Tom pretended that it didn't matter to him that Mary was going out with John.
This won't take long.
He's a gambler.
Tom said that it probably wouldn't take too much time.
Tom didn't think that it would take a long time to complete the project.
Tom wondered how long it would take to finish the job.
Tom was a professional gambler before he met Mary.
He was the last to leave.
She was the last to leave.
Tom was the last one to leave the party.
Tom was the first one to leave work today.
Tom had planned to be the first one to get there, but Mary got there first.
Tom is usually the last to leave, but last night Mary left ten minutes after he did.
Tom is usually the last to leave, but last night Mary left after he did.
I don't ever want to hear that name in this house! Never again!
My schedule is really tight right now.
In spite of his tight schedule, Tom always has time to spend with his children.
I'm on a really tight schedule this week.
I understand that Tom is on a tight schedule, but I'd really appreciate it if I could get an appointment with him.
I hope Tom can fit me into his tight schedule.
I have an extremely tight schedule for tomorrow.
I have a tight schedule this weekend.
I have a pretty tight schedule today.
I had a very tight schedule last week, but this week I'm relatively free.
My hope was that he could.
We left when it was too late.
Now let's look at them one by one.
We will travel if the car is ready.
Even if it rains, we will travel.
Since no one remembered my birthday, I was upset.
Speak louder so that everyone can hear you better.
I'd be delighted.
Since I wasn't invited, I'll stay home.
It was too early to call the police.
The heat was so intense that I fainted.
Although they were not guilty, they were charged.
I hope we survive.
Life has a 100% fatality rate.
The bus goes from here to the garage.
You know as well as I do that we will die here.
You know as well as I do that we have no chance of surviving.
He is said to have died.
I only wanted to be helpful.
Although I did not like math, I had to study logarithms.
You sweep the kitchen floor while I clean the bathroom.
This region was wiped off the map after a hurricane.
It will be hard to sweep these crumbs.
Someone swept the pantry.
It will be difficult to sweep the room with the fan on!
I'd be delighted if that happened again.
I'd be happy if that happened again.
I'd be unhappy if that happened again.
I'd be depressed if that happened again.
I'd be delighted if you could come with us.
I'd be happy if you could come with us.
I'd be delighted to sing for you.
I'd love to sing for you.
I'd be delighted if they asked me to give a speech.
I'd be surprised if they asked me to give a speech.
I'd be depressed if they asked me to quit the team.
I'd be delighted if you could join us for dinner.
It would be great if you could join us for dinner.
If you could manage to go camping with us, we'd be delighted.
If you were able to go camping with us, I think we'd all have fun.
We'd be happy if you could come with us.
I'd be happy to sing for you.
To put everything in balance is good, to put everything in harmony is better.
Freedom is what you do with what's been done to you.
Are you spying on me?
Today, everyone is dead.
The balance of payments is the total of all the money coming into a country from abroad less all of the money going out of the country during the same period.
Frankly speaking, he's wrong.
To put it bluntly, he's mistaken.
Where are the parents?
Call us when you get there.
Come as you are.
Get in the car.
Go back to bed.
Go get changed.
Have some coffee.
Hold on a minute.
Lie still.
Stand where you are or I'll kill you.
Stay absolutely still.
Stay here all night if you want.
Are we ready to go?
Are you falling in love with me?
Are you finished?
Are you recording this?
Are you with someone?
As far as I know, Tom is happy.
As far as I know, Tom is retired.
As far as I know, Tom is still married.
Can I come to your office tomorrow?
Can I get you a drink?
Can I make copies?
Can I talk to you for a second?
Can we drop this?
Can we quit talking about this?
Can you read that?
Did Tom say he loved you?
Did Tom say how soon Mary could leave?
Did you ask Tom?
Did you talk to Tom?
Do you have to work tonight?
Do you know what that means?
Do you remember your grandfather?
Do you want to stop?
Does Tom know what time Mary's curfew is?
Don't ever do that again.
Don't think about stuff like that.
Don't you miss Tom?
Has Tom changed much?
Have you ever been inside Tom's house?
Have you made your decision yet?
Have you seen Tom try to start a fire?
Hold on for a few minutes, will you?
How are you feeling?
How did he ever get so lucky?
How exactly was Tom killed?
How far do we have to go?
How is the investigation going?
How long do I have to stay?
How may I help you?
How was Tom killed?
Hurry up and bring me something to drink.
Hurry up or you'll be late.
I assume you're angry.
I believe this is mine.
I can't do this alone.
I can't imagine what you're going through.
I can't stay for dinner.
I can't take it anymore.
I didn't have enough time to eat everything that was served.
I didn't say that.
I don't believe that.
I don't have a lot of time.
I don't have anywhere else to go.
I don't know if Tom works there or not.
I don't like Tom and I don't trust him.
I don't want to talk.
I don't want you hanging out with Tom.
I guess it's true.
I have a decision to make.
I have a ton of work to do today.
I haven't been sleeping very much lately.
I haven't spoken to Tom in a while.
I hope it was worth it.
I hope Tom appreciates it.
I know you're not scared.
I like working with Tom.
I like working with you.
I need more money.
I need to borrow some money.
I need to pay my rent.
I really need to talk to you.
I saw Tom on television.
I should've warned you.
I stopped at the supermarket on my way home.
I think this is mine.
I think you're going to make it.
I think you're going to survive.
I thought maybe I'd better not clean my room.
I thought maybe I'd better not go home right away.
I understand your frustration.
I used to have a girlfriend.
I used to have a motorcycle.
I want to know where you heard that.
I want to know who told you that.
I want to show you something.
I want you to fly to Boston tomorrow.
I was just about to leave.
I wish you'd stop doing that.
I would've liked that.
I'll be careful.
I'll be checking on you.
I'll be praying for you.
I'm afraid I'm a bit out of shape.
I'm counting on it.
I'm going to give you one more chance.
I'm going to tell you a secret.
I'm going to the police.
I'm hungry.
I'm leaving today.
I'm not a child.
I'm not a monster.
I'm not done.
I'm not going to argue with you.
I'm not so sure.
I'm not totally stupid.
I'm pretty sure it's after 2:30.
I'm sorry to have bothered you.
I'm starving.
I'm worried about Tom.
I've already told you what I think.
I've been trying to get your attention.
If you don't know, who does?
If you don't want to miss the train, you'd better hurry.
If you ever need a job, come see me.
If you ever need a job, go see Tom.
Is it any warmer inside?
Is Tom getting better?
It's not what you think.
Let me read you something.
Let's get some sleep.
Maybe we can talk about that later.
No one's shooting at us now.
Nobody wants to do that.
Please hurry! Tom is waiting.
Someone has to do it.
Take your seats, please.
Thank you very much.
That sounds great.
That would be a mistake.
There is a message for you.
There's no rush.
There's nothing more to say.
Tom always seems to be in a big hurry.
Tom asked me to ask you something.
Tom asks me the same question every day.
Tom felt that there was no need to hurry.
Tom got into the car and slammed the door.
Tom had a rough day at work.
Tom has a pretty good memory.
Tom hurried over to Mary's house.
Tom invited Mary to the party, didn't he?
Tom is asleep in his bedroom.
Tom is in bed, asleep.
Tom is in no hurry to sell his car.
Tom isn't sure what he should do.
Tom looked over at Mary.
Tom pushed open the bedroom door.
Tom said that he was in a hurry.
Tom sat cross-legged in the dark.
Tom slammed the door.
Tom told me everything.
Tom took a swig from the flask.
Tom tucked his shirt into his pants.
Tom usually wears silk pajamas.
Tom wanted me to drive.
Tom was in a big hurry.
Tom was in no hurry to get married.
Tom was murdered.
Tom was on the phone most of the day.
Tom was the last one into the car.
Tom went into the house.
Tom will be bored stiff.
Tom will be dead in a few days.
We both want to go to Boston.
We need to go visit Tom in the hospital.
We should do this again.
We were just going.
We'd better get going.
We'll talk again in the morning.
We're dealing with it.
We're just talking.
Were you there?
What am I doing here?
What are we going to do?
What are you drinking?
What are you guys drinking?
What can I get you?
What did Tom look like?
What did you find?
What did you tell Tom?
What do you think, Tom?
What else is new?
What time is your curfew?
What would you like?
What're you doing?
What's going on around here?
What's the big hurry?
What's the big rush?
What's the hurry?
What's the rush?
What's the score?
What's wrong with this?
When did you find out?
When do we leave?
Where can I reach you?
Where did you hear that?
Where's the shirt I bought you?
Who are you going with?
Who gave you this?
Why are we still talking about this?
Why did you like it?
Why didn't you do it?
Why didn't you tell someone?
Why would I be nervous?
Why would you want to do that?
Would you care for a little wine?
Would you like a shot of tequila?
Would you like to freshen up?
Would you like to meet Tom?
Would you like to switch seats?
You aren't the only one who's in love with Mary.
You don't need to be in such a hurry.
You don't need to hurry. Take your time.
You don't need to say anything.
You have a pretty good memory.
You must have thought of something.
You really don't have a clue, do you?
You said you were going to handle it.
You still haven't told me how old you are.
You still haven't told me what your phone number is.
You still haven't told me when you get off work.
You still haven't told me where you live.
You still haven't told me who he is.
You still haven't told me why you're here.
You weren't married for long, were you?
You've got a pretty good memory.
Your wife is going to ask you for a divorce.
Immediately said, immediately done.
My parents left the church.
According to Vladimir Chizhov, the word "pussy" is indecent.
Thanks for the comment.
My mother gave me a sewing machine.
Show me what to translate.
Show me what you want to translate.
Which part was translated?
Which part hasn't been translated?
Send me the text you want to translate.
After you translate this article, send it to me.
I can't translate this article into Arabic.
I have a lot of articles to translate.
I don't have time to translate this text.
Who can translate this article?
I translate only articles, not books.
There are some mistakes in your translation.
When are you going to start the translation of Mary's article?
I don't know whether I can translate this book or not.
I have never translated a book.
I have never tried to translate a book.
I have never thought about translating a book.
Can you translate a love letter?
Who did you translate this for?
Who translated this letter?
I knew it was Mary who translated this letter.
I will not translate contracts anymore.
These are technical documents and they are very difficult to translate.
She brought me a letter to translate.
I translate only for my manager.
I can't translate a sentence if I don't understand it.
You can try to translate this sentence. It's very easy.
I don't want to translate anything today.
I translate all day long.
No need to translate this text. I already have its Spanish version.
Can you translate from Norwegian into German?
How do you translate "Pfirsichbaeumchen" into Berber?
I heard that he could even translate from Ancient Hebrew.
She studied Chinese in order to translate her books into this language.
How many sentences can you translate per day?
I don't remember which articles I have translated and which I haven't.
Can you translate this abstract into Arabic?
Which language do you want me to translate this document into?
Who translates letters now?
You need a professional to translate this.
How can you translate what you don't understand?
When did you translate this letter?
I don't know how to translate this quote.
It's difficult to translate quotes.
The Quran has been translated into many languages.
I don't translate novels anymore.
I translate into Esperanto for free.
I can't translate this contract. It's in Italian.
If you have anything to translate into Berber, ask Amastan.
She doesn't translate well.
He never translates my sentences.
I dislike translating Mr Smith's letters. I can't even understand his French.
Although I'm fluent in French, I can't understand Mr Smith's French at all.
Mr Smith, better speak English. I can't understand your French at all.
If you want to speak in French in the United States, go to Louisiana.
If you want to find people who speak French in Canada, go to Quebec.
I usually translate from English into Spanish.
You can speak in Chinese. Lily will translate for me.
Who wants to translate this article?
I didn't translate a single sentence.
Now, Alexander can translate in Spanish.
I rented a car yesterday.
I ate fish yesterday.
I sent a present to Mary yesterday.
I sometimes translate lyrics for my wife.
Do you translate lyrics?
This princess is in the castle.
He was sent to save the princess.
Who was sent to save the princess?
He had to save the princess.
Where was the princess?
Where was the princess imprisoned?
He saved the princess.
Don't look down.
Why are you looking down?
Let's do that again.
My father didn't want to watch the film.
Something is coming.
I don't know where he is now.
You don't know where he is.
You will never know where he is.
Never flee from injustice, intolerance, or insanity. Reason must prevail.
You're mocking me, aren't you?
I'm hungry. I'm not angry.
I'm ready to follow you.
What are you doing on the balcony?
She didn't know there was a translation of the Quran in Hebrew.
Who translated the Quran into Hebrew?
He read the translation of the Quran in Hebrew in less than a week.
She likes to read everything, and she read the Quran in all the languages she knows.
I think that this Chinese guy is a Muslim. He's listening to the Quran.
Hebrew was, for him, a bit more difficult than he imagined.
I found a French-Hebrew dictionary at a small bookstore.
This is a Hebrew word and it means "friend".
I didn't know that this word came from Hebrew.
I don't know many words in Hebrew.
Modern Hebrew is easier than Ancient Hebrew.
These texts were written in Hebrew, not in Aramaic.
This is not Hebrew. It's Yiddish.
Yiddish is written with the Hebrew alphabet.
Hebrew is written from right to left, just like Arabic.
She speaks Hebrew with her mother and Polish with her father.
I'll be glad to be friends with you.
He strives to succeed.
Get back here.
Get my rifle.
Give me a chance.
Give me a second.
Give me the ball.
Give me your gun.
Go warm up.
Grab hold of this.
Hurry home.
Pace yourself.
Read this now.
Release him.
Say that again.
Stay down.
Stay with me.
Step inside.
Stop yelling.
Take a card.
Take the garbage out.
Wait here.
Wait right here.
Don't be alarmed.
Don't be ridiculous.
Don't do that.
Don't forget that.
Don't give up.
Don't leave me.
Don't turn around.
Don't wait up.
I have noticed this too.
The old man is taking a walk in the park.
Tom is very proud of his custom bike.
He's very proud of his custom motorcycle.
This is epic.
This is an epic story.
This is an epic poem.
This is an epic fail.
This is an epic novel.
I can't control it.
I can't control myself.
He can't control himself.
She can't control herself.
Tom couldn't control himself when he saw Mary kissing John.
Tom was trying to control his own violent temper.
Now that Tom is taking proper medication, he should be able to control himself better.
Tom was unable to control himself any longer.
This star is five light years away.
Tom wanted to hit Mary, but he controlled himself.
It's not natural.
This is not natural.
It's not natural for a mother to outlive her child.
I'm a natural blonde.
Brown is not her natural hair color.
I am not your enemy.
We are not your enemy.
I don't want to be your enemy.
Let's not be enemies.
There is no cure for schizophrenia.
Tom is an enterprising young man.
I don't want to go to jail.
Don't do the crime, if you can't do the time.
If you can't do the time, don't do the crime.
She likes yoga and hula hooping.
He is a yogi.
This young couple is in love.
Where's Tom going?
Where's Tom going to sleep?
What does Tom mean?
What did you say to Tom?
What did you do to Tom?
Tom's house shouldn't be too hard to find.
Tom would have loved this movie.
Tom will make a good spy.
Tom will help me.
Tom will be fine.
Tom was trying to escape.
Tom was standing near the trophy case.
Tom walked into the house.
Tom vowed to rescue Mary.
Tom stood up suddenly.
Tom says that he used to hang out with the Beatles.
Tom says it's time to leave.
Tom puts his arm around Mary.
Tom opened the gate.
Tom never even knew his father.
Tom looks very pleased.
Tom looks terrified.
Tom looks scared.
Tom looks nervous.
Tom looked surprised.
Tom looked horrified.
Tom lives on a farm in California.
Tom knew Mary wasn't a criminal.
Tom isn't coming back.
Tom is vicious.
Tom is very sick.
Tom is over there.
Tom is out in the garden.
Tom is obviously lying.
Tom is not happy.
Tom is not dead.
Tom is lucky to be alive.
Tom is just a boy.
Tom is anorexic.
Tom hates to get his feet wet.
Tom has only been here a week.
Tom has never done this before.
Tom has got a cold.
Tom has an ugly face.
Tom gave me some pills.
Tom dresses like a girl.
Tom doesn't seem to know the answer.
Tom doesn't seem to know French.
Tom doesn't know how to drive.
Tom can't talk.
Tom beat me up.
Tom and Mary sat down to eat.
They took Tom away.
That can't be Tom.
Listen to Tom.
Is Tom doing okay?
Is Tom all right?
I'm a friend of Tom's.
I'd like to ease Tom's pain.
I think Tom is a terrific kid.
I know you like Tom.
I know Tom likes you.
I have to find Tom.
I gave it to Tom yesterday.
I don't believe Tom.
I asked Tom.
Do you know where Tom is?
Your dinner is getting cold.
You're wonderful.
You're wasting my time.
You're not sick.
You're not my mother.
You're not listening to me.
You're not dead yet.
You're creative.
You're being paranoid.
You're a traitor.
You'd better stay with me.
You'd better sit here.
You won't even remember me a few years from now.
You made it possible.
You do that and I'll fire you.
You did that on your own, didn't you?
You can tell me anything.
You aren't my mother.
Would you mind if I kissed you?
Would you like to hear my new song?
Would you like to come in?
Will there be any food at the party?
Why would I know that?
Why don't you ever cook?
Why did you lock the door?
Why did you change your mind?
Why are you all here?
Whose suitcase is that?
Who said I stole the money?
Who said I had a gun?
Who do we owe money to?
Where've you been?
Where's the butter?
Where did you hear that story?
Where did you go to school?
Where did everybody go?
Where are my parents?
When did you notice that?
When did that happen?
When can you start?
What's the matter with you?
What's in the bucket?
What'd I do?
What was it?
What is it you want most?
What if they don't like me?
What happens now?
What exactly don't you get?
What else can go wrong?
What does it look like?
What do you see?
What do you call this?
What do these markings mean?
What did I miss?
What are you watching?
What are you going to do next?
What am I going to do?
We're still shopping around.
We're home.
We're going to another party after this one.
We're done.
We'll talk about this later.
We'll figure something out.
We were too late.
We sure had fun, didn't we?
We succeeded.
We made it.
We don't have to go.
This story is too predictable.
This is incredible.
They're waiting for you.
They're mad at you.
They'll be fine.
They can't push us around.
There's no way out.
There is no one there.
There is a full moon tonight.
The sun has set.
The road was very bumpy.
The rescue workers arrived two hours too late.
The food is spoiled.
That's no good.
That's my wish.
That's mine.
That's amazing.
That's a good point.
That was so cool.
That was great.
That was amazing.
That took guts.
That is all.
Tell me about your wife.
Something's missing.
Sharks eat fish.
See you later.
Please don't go away.
Parties are fun.
Nobody's going to hurt you.
Nobody's ever heard of him.
Nobody knows.
My eyes are burning.
My daughter was taken away from me.
My children were taken away from me.
Mary's my niece.
Mary's in there.
Mary's confused.
Mary likes you.
Make the new guy do it.
Lower your voice.
Let's talk about this later.
Let's take the short cut.
Let's put it to a vote.
Let's hit the showers.
Let's do this properly.
Let's clean up this mess.
It's time for school.
It's a pleasure to meet you.
It was superb.
It smells bad.
It is kind of pretty, isn't it?
Isn't that right?
Is anyone hurt?
I've never seen you like this.
I've learned to cook.
I've done it.
I've been there before.
I'm your best friend.
I'm willing to apologize.
I'm trying to talk to you.
I'm still shopping around.
I'm not selling you my car.
I'm not married.
I'm not going to touch it.
I'm not going to hurt you.
I'm not coming back.
I'm not coming back here.
I'm looking for someone.
I'm hitting the road.
I'm going to teach you some karate.
I'm going to start over.
I'm going to miss you.
I'm going to miss you, too.
I'll tell you what's wrong.
I'll show you how to do it.
I'll set you free.
I'll prove it to you.
I'll pick you up after school.
I'll help you pack.
I'll get rid of them.
I'll get back to you.
I'll do it with you.
I'll call them.
I'll ask him.
I'd love to get rid of this old car.
I'd like to talk to you.
I wouldn't do that.
I wonder what that means.
I was just looking around.
I want you to let me go.
I want you to come right over.
I want to fight.
I think you're nuts.
I think we need more time.
I think we need more food.
I think we need more coffee.
I sure hope he passes the test.
I suppose we could walk.
I still don't get it.
I see a giraffe.
I put on some clean clothes.
I play baseball.
I never said that.
I never knew that.
I never knew my father.
I missed you so much.
I love your garden.
I love to swim.
I love jokes.
I love games.
I locked the door.
I know your son.
I know this will work.
I know just what you need.
I just want to help.
I just don't believe it.
I hope I'm not interrupting.
I highly doubt that.
I have a better idea.
I got my hair cut yesterday.
I don't want to go.
I don't want them to go away.
I don't understand it.
I don't really have a gun.
I don't really have a cold.
I don't need this anymore.
I don't know where I'm going.
I don't know how to drive.
I don't care if you're busy. Please help me now.
I don't believe it.
I didn't see you.
I didn't even know his name.
I didn't cheat.
I didn't break it.
I come here every Monday.
I can't wait till summer.
I can't see.
I can't go in there.
I can't do it right away.
I can prove it to you.
I can feel it.
I can do this.
I built this for you.
I bet you didn't know that.
I believed you.
I appreciate it.
I am ashamed.
I actually enjoyed that.
How's your old lady doing?
How much does the job pay?
How late do you stay open?
Have a seat, won't you?
Fasten your seatbelts.
Everyone looks uncomfortable.
Everyone in the room checked their watches at the same time.
Don't you get it?
Does anybody here have a corkscrew?
Do you want some of these fries?
Do you want me to leave?
Do you want me to leave the light on?
Do you trust me?
Do you think I'm healthy?
Do you smell something?
Do you remember how we met?
Do I have a choice?
Do you have some wine?
Did you see what I did?
Did you hear it too?
Did you have fun last night?
Did you drop it?
Come on up here.
Can you pitch?
Can you hear us?
Aren't those your parents?
Are you up?
Are you sure you're not tired?
Are you here alone?
Are you going to eat those fries?
Are you going to eat that?
Are you getting tired?
Are you a ghost?
Anybody could do this.
He's a community leader.
I've never told anyone.
He claims to have visions from God.
She turned around and scowled at me.
This is a sign.
It's easier than it sounds.
He felt the same way as I did.
She felt the same way as I did.
I'm at your disposal.
That sounds a lot easier to do than it is.
It's not quite as difficult to do as it sounds.
Making jewelry is a lot easier than it sounds like it would be.
I've never told anyone that my father is in prison.
I've never told anyone that before.
I've never told anyone that before, not even my mother.
I've never told anyone why I have trouble sleeping.
I'll never tell anyone where I've hidden the treasure.
I'll never tell anyone who you really are.
I didn't tell anyone what time I'd be arriving.
The alloted time ticked away quickly.
Although I didn't like math, I had to study logarithms.
Transtextuality and transsexuality sound similar but have totally different meanings.
He isn't at home.
Suddenly a man appeared, grabbed my suitcase and ran away.
Suddenly a man appeared, packed my suitcase and ran away.
Yiddish is written in Hebrew characters.
I can't afford to buy clothes regularly.
The number of fools is infinite.
I don't like Esperanto, because it is too difficult.
In the German language there are many long words.
And I had sex twice already, and it's just midday here.
Although I did not like math, I had to learn logarithms.
By three consecutive weddings the Austrian monarchy became the dominant house of Europe for a quarter of a century.
Muslims believe only in Allah as the unique God, and in Mohammad as the last prophet.
Bob has answers to all of the questions.
Mary believes that Latin is not a dead language.
My brother has never lost at tennis.
I cannot write traditional characters, but I am fine reading them.
Monarchs do not joke.
"How many questions did you get right?" "Zilch."
God created mankind.
There are many long words in the German language.
Leave me some ice cream.
"What do special forces do apart from training and fighting?" "Training."
See that stone? In the special forces you got to take it and walk with it at least ten miles.
Football is a sport.
Let's do our job.
Allow us to do our job.
Let us do our job.
Let Tom do his job.
Let me do my job.
Let Mary do her job.
Let them do their jobs.
Let them do their job.
I'm buying.
Tom is buying.
"Are you sad?" "No. Why would I be?"
"Are you and Tom enemies?" "No. Why would we be?"
Come down here.
Get out of the van.
Get rid of the gun.
Get that thing off of me.
Give me a hand.
Give me a hug.
Give me a kiss.
Go take a walk.
Go to your room.
Grab my hand.
Keep me informed.
Keep the kids indoors.
Keep the kids inside.
Leave a message.
Let me find out.
Let me give you a hug.
Let me heat it up some leftovers for you.
Pull over here.
Start the car.
Try not to look so nervous.
Try to open the door.
Walk this way.
Don't kill me.
Don't be crazy.
Don't be sorry.
Don't be upset.
Don't forget.
Don't make a sound.
Don't push me.
Don't say anything.
Don't let Tom eat this.
She could not get over her husband's death.
Sometimes I can run as fast as the wind.
Can I know where you work?
Could you lend me a helping hand?
Could you lend me a hand?
Give him a big hand!
Laurie is a girl.
Japanese youth is better.
What's the benefit of this?
What does one profit from this?
I've learnt to cook.
Good day.
Never bring up religion or politics in the first conversation!
It could be fatal.
Tom has good intentions.
I wish all language lovers a Happy and Sweet Year 5773!
I like your coffee.
She's the most beautiful woman.
Aarhus, the second-largest city in Denmark, has the postal code 8000.
Aarhus, the second-largest city in Denmark, has the zip code 8000.
That woman standing over there is the most beautiful woman I've ever seen.
"Have you seen Tom?" "Not in the last few days."
I didn't get any of that.
I didn't understand any of that.
We live in one world.
You are always convinced that you have the power to make a situation come out the way you want.
Tom has a dog named Cookie.
Tom wanted to name his puppy Cookie.
Tom thought Cookie would be a good name for his dog.
Tom couldn't decide whether to name his dog Cookie or Pochi.
Tom's dog's name is Cookie.
Tom named his dog Cookie.
Have Tom call me.
Tell me what Tom said.
Tell Tom I have to work late tonight.
Tell Tom I'll be there as soon as I can.
Tell me what's going on.
Tell me what you see.
Tell me what to do here.
Tell me how you did it.
Take a wild guess.
Stop yelling at me.
Stop staring at me.
Stay away from that place.
Roll down your window.
Raise your hands.
Loosen up.
Let me pay for your coffee.
Let me know how it goes.
Let me handle it.
Let me get my wallet.
Leave that to me.
Hold your applause, please.
Go get your shoes polished.
Give me your phone.
Give me your address.
Get out of my room.
Get out of my office.
Get out of my house.
Get me the evidence.
Get me the details.
Get back to the ship.
Don't walk away from me.
Don't say that word ever again.
Don't repeat that.
Don't read my journal.
Don't read my diary.
Don't look at me.
Don't go in my room.
Don't drink the water.
Don't come any closer.
Don't call me again.
Don't be a stranger.
Call me at this number.
Ask him his name.
Ask her her name.
Intercultural relationships are never easy, but today, we seemed to be having a particularly hard time.
Ask her what her name is.
Did you ever hear anything like it?
I'll never ever do that again!
Leigh will go to the shopping centre with Laurie.
Leigh and Laurie will do makeup.
Have you ever heard anything like that?
She has a sensual mouth.
I had to leave Warsaw and make my living somewhere else.
I prefer English to music.
She loves to wear tight clothes.
What you don't know won't hurt you.
This is the first airplane to land at the new airport.
Fossil fuels are the main causes of global warming.
Tom thought of a crafty joke.
The classroom is full of teenagers. A couple of them are asleep.
I have a lot of old books. A couple of them are quite valuable.
I'll have what he's having.
I'll have the same.
Recently there have been a lot of protests in the city.
The dispute over the islands has led to some anti-Japanese protests in China.
The Japanese embassy has warned Japanese citizens to be careful.
Working in a Japanese company in China during a time like this is very interesting, but at the same time, slightly depressing.
Due to the dispute over the islands, many Japanese businesses in China have been attacked.
Yesterday I saw a sign in a sushi restaurant saying 'We are a Taiwanese company'.
I hope they can reach a peaceful compromise.
The Nationalist movements in both countries have been exacerbating the problem.
You are going to the phone and calling the doctor!
We are going to check it right away.
We're going to check it right away.
Put your hands up.
Tom has been living out of a suitcase for the past two months.
He looks like my father.
The university is a waste of time.
Gods don't kill people, people with gods kill people.
What's his track record like?
Gabriel prefers the calamansi juice.
Don't compromise your vision to acquire funding.
Tonya likes jambol fruit.
Make the time to do it.
Learn to let go when the time is right.
We live in house number fifty, nearby the supermarket.
Mario prefers the taste of the sugar apple.
You've earned it.
That isn't actually what I meant.
I could actually see myself living here.
This little story is too simple to explain everything.
Over the years we have tried many different strategies.
This phenomenon is very easy to explain.
It's a situation I would love to change.
Turn the other cheek.
After Tom ate a little food, his strength returned.
All Tom ate was bananas.
As soon as Tom finished eating, he left for work.
Could you tell me about Tom's eating habits?
Do you want something to eat before your meeting with Tom?
I'm supposed to eat with Tom this evening.
If you eat that, Tom will be angry.
The bread was moldy, but Tom ate it anyway.
The doctor told Tom to stop eating dog food.
The story about Tom eating my cat isn't true.
Today, for the first time in a week, Tom was able to eat solid food.
Tom admitted that he ate all the ice cream.
Tom and Mary ate a six-course meal together.
Tom and Mary ate in silence.
Tom and Mary ate quietly in the moonlight.
Tom and Mary seldom eat together.
Tom ate a healthy lunch.
Tom ate a late breakfast.
Tom ate a piece of the cake that Mary baked.
Tom ate a quick lunch.
Tom ate all the food I had stashed.
Tom ate an early supper.
Tom ate his fill.
Tom ate some food, drank some beer, and then went right to sleep.
Tom ate a handful of the nuts from the bowl on the bar.
Tom ate something that made him sick.
Tom ate the entire bag of nachos.
Tom ate your candy.
Tom can't remember the last time he ate dinner with his family.
Tom didn't offer us anything to eat.
Tom doesn't enjoy eating spicy food.
Tom doesn't know how to eat with chopsticks.
Tom doesn't think it's disgusting to eat certain insects.
Tom eats anything his wife puts in front of him.
Tom eats breakfast with his mother.
Tom eats lunch here at least once a week.
Tom eats pizza with a fork, but Mary eats it with her hands.
Tom finds it difficult to eat with his new dentures.
Tom grabbed the half-eaten burrito from Mary and started eating it.
Tom grew up thinking that he needed to eat meat every day.
Tom has only fifteen minutes to eat his lunch.
Tom has some food allergies, so he has to be careful about what he eats.
Tom has to eat his lunch in fifteen minutes.
Tom hasn't eaten anything in the past hours.
Tom is at his desk eating a sandwich.
Tom is having an allergic reaction to something he ate.
Tom is only given fifteen minutes to eat his lunch.
Tom likes to eat mashed potatoes with lots of gravy.
Tom often eats scrambled eggs for breakfast.
Tom often eats things that other people consider strange.
Tom often feels drowsy after eating lunch.
Tom only eats vegetables that he grows himself.
Tom only eats with his family about once a week.
Tom said that he was eager to eat lunch with her.
Tom sat by the pool drinking red wine and eating expensive cheese.
Tom says that he has never eaten an artichoke.
Tom says that he only eats organic food.
Tom seldom eats with his family.
Tom told his son not to eat with his mouth open.
Tom told the police that Mary had eaten at the restaurant in question before she died.
Tom usually eats oatmeal without sugar.
Tom usually sits at the kitchen table and eats cereal while reading the morning paper.
Tom was fed up with eating the low quality food provided by the prison.
Tom was forced to eat at gunpoint.
Tom was sitting alone at a private table eating the most expensive meal that the restaurant served.
Tom wasn't allowed to eat lunch at his desk.
When Tom ate some food that had fallen on the floor, Mary looked disgusted.
When Tom gets drunk, he'll eat a lot of things that he shouldn't eat.
When Tom gets drunk, he'll eat a lot of things that he wouldn't eat when he's sober.
When Tom looked down at the apple he was eating, he realized that he had eaten half a worm.
Why doesn't Tom like to eat fish?
You don't have to eat with Tom, but I wish you would.
You're not supposed to eat on the job.
You're not allowed to eat those.
You should eat.
You really should eat before you leave.
You didn't eat much lunch, did you?
Would you rather eat a mouse or a tarantula?
Who's that beautiful woman eating all alone?
Who's been eating my peanuts?
What's the weirdest thing you've ever eaten?
What's the strangest thing you've ever eaten?
What should I eat for lunch today?
What do your children usually eat for breakfast?
What do you like to eat for lunch?
What do you do when you don't have time to eat lunch?
What do Italians usually eat for lunch?
What did you eat for lunch yesterday?
What are some good foods to eat with potatoes?
What are some foods you usually eat with your fingers?
What are some foods you usually eat with your children?
What are some foods you usually eat with soy sauce?
What are some foods you usually eat with red wine?
What are some foods you usually eat with chopsticks?
What are some foods you usually eat with a spoon?
What are some foods you usually eat with a knife and fork?
What are some foods you only eat in the evening?
We're going out to get something to eat.
We learned about the importance of eating a healthy lunch.
We ate an early lunch while we were at the mall.
They're eating dinner now in the dining room.
The last time we ate dinner together, you would only eat vegetables.
Researchers say that it's easier to lose weight if you eat three square meals a day.
Many health specialists say that you should eat three meals a day.
Let's get something to eat.
It's not always possible to eat well when you're traveling in this part of the world.
It's important to eat three square meals a day.
It's been a while since I've eaten cottage cheese.
It's been a while since I've eaten anything with mustard.
It's a nice day to eat outside.
It used to be that people thought it was necessary to eat three square meals a day.
If you eat three square meals a day, your body will have the energy it needs.
If you eat a light lunch, you're likely to avoid a mid-afternoon energy slump.
If you don't want it, I'll eat it.
If you don't eat breakfast, you'll probably be hungry during the morning and won't be as efficient at work as you could be.
If you are hungry, why don't you eat?
If I had eaten more for lunch, I wouldn't be hungry now.
I've never eaten anything like this before.
I'm really hungry. I haven't eaten all week.
I'm not eating this.
I'm going to go to the kitchen to grab something to eat.
I'm getting kind of hungry. Let's go get something to eat.
I'll cook it if you eat it.
I wish I had eaten something else.
I wish I had eaten more.
I wish I had eaten lunch before I came here.
I wish I had eaten breakfast.
I wish I had eaten at that restaurant before it burned down.
I usually eat lunch at 11:to avoid the rush.
I try to never eat after 8:p.m.
I thought you said you couldn't eat raw fish.
I probably shouldn't have eaten that.
I haven't eaten vegetables for a month.
I haven't eaten in four days.
I haven't eaten asparagus in a long time.
I haven't eaten anything yet today.
I haven't eaten anything unusual since I've returned home from my trip around the world.
I haven't eaten anything substantial in hours.
I haven't eaten anything since this morning.
I haven't eaten anything except one slice of bread all day.
I haven't eaten anything all day, but I don't feel hungry.
I haven't eaten any meat since I was fifteen years old.
I have never eaten with chopsticks.
I got up at 4:00, ate some food, then went back to sleep.
I eat lunch here two or three times a week.
I don't think I've ever eaten anything that you would consider disgusting.
I don't know what to eat for dinner.
I can't remember the last time I ate with my family.
I can't decide where to eat lunch.
I can't decide what to eat for lunch.
I can't decide what to eat for lunch today.
I can't believe you eat that stuff.
I can't believe you're eating what the doctor told you not to eat.
I ate something earlier this evening that didn't agree with me.
I ate some Greek food at a nearby restaurant just a few days ago.
I ate on the bus.
I already ate.
How long do you have to eat lunch?
Have you ever eaten anything that made you hallucinate?
Have you eaten anywhere interesting lately?
Have something to eat.
Food really does taste better when eaten with close friends.
Even though I had eaten a lot for breakfast, I was already hungry.
Eating yogurt with a fork is somewhat difficult.
Eat your spinach.
Don't eat the fruit in the bowl on the table. It's plastic.
Do you think students are given enough time to eat lunch?
Do you think fried chicken should be eaten with a fork or with your fingers?
Do you know any good places to eat around here?
Do you have anything to eat in your pack?
Do you eat three square meals a day?
Do you eat spaghetti by twirling it around your fork?
Do you eat lunch at your desk?
Did anybody eat with you?
Can you remember that last time you ate ravioli?
Aren't you sick of eating here?
Aren't you sick of eating fast food?
Are you sure you don't want something to eat?
Are you going to eat the rest of your stew?
Are you going to eat that cupcake?
The challah was so delicious that I just had to ask her for the recipe.
Microwaves can cause serious damage.
Elephants have two ears.
Elephants can't ride a bicycle.
Do ants have ears?
Unfortunately, elephants can't sing well.
It was her habit to rise early.
We are still shocked by what has hit us, but we will never give up our values. Our response is more democracy, more openness, more humanity.
Tom is a well witcher.
The dowser used a dowsing rod to search for water.
He's a powerful demon.
She's a powerful demon.
She's a demoness.
That kid is a little demon.
Have you decided on a name for the cat?
Somebody's at the door.
Somebody's knocking at the door.
Somebody's knocking at your door.
He's jealous and irrational.
She's jealous and irrational.
He's young and energetic.
She's young and energetic.
Hey guys!
Not everyone is happy about this.
I've got some good news.
I've got some bad news.
He doesn't care about money.
She doesn't care about money.
He pretends not to care about money.
Can you please repeat the question?
People sometimes make illogical decisions.
He made me an offer I couldn't refuse.
She made me an offer I couldn't refuse.
I thought you were joking.
I thought he was joking.
I thought she was joking.
He was accused of money-laundering.
She was accused of bribery.
It was a fun night.
It was the worst night of my life.
It was the worst day of my life.
This is the worst day of my life.
Don't look at me like that.
She doesn't love me anymore.
He's a Jewish American.
If you take this medicine, you'll feel a lot better.
He's an African American.
She's an African American.
She's a Jewish American.
You're sexually repressed.
He's sexually repressed.
She's sexually repressed.
He's a prude.
She's a prude.
The party's over.
Underage drinking is a crime.
He used a fake I.D.
She used a fake I.D.
He was caught by an undercover police officer.
She's an undercover police officer.
It's the cops!
He was obviously drunk.
She's obviously drunk.
Is there anything else I should know about?
The NYPD is the New York Police Department.
The LAPD is the Los Angeles Police Department.
She used a fake identification card to get into the bar.
His family emigrated to the United States.
It's insanely complex.
She's a member of a sorority.
He's a frat boy.
The protesters set many cars on fire.
He was drunk and angry.
She sent me a friend request.
He sent her a friend request.
She graduated magna cum laude.
He sent me a friend request.
She refused my friend request.
He refused my friend request.
I can't believe he renounced his U.S. citizenship.
The zipper is stuck.
Your zipper is open.
Your fly is open!
I want a room with a view.
Get a room.
Maria Callas has a beautiful voice.
Tatoeba is still a beta project.
I like the Tatoeba logo.
The Yosemite national park is one of the most beautiful places on Earth.
He climbed El Capitan.
Don't tell my wife.
Don't tell my girlfriend.
Don't tell my boyfriend.
Don't tell my husband.
Tom refused to follow Mary's advice.
Tom refused to help Mary.
Tom refused to help Mary do her homework.
He trained very hard.
She trained very hard.
This is awesome.
I had a great time.
You're a nervous wreck.
He's a nervous wreck.
She's a nervous wreck.
I do it because I enjoy it.
She was unimpressed.
He was unimpressed.
They were unimpressed.
Don't speak unless you're spoken to.
Please air the futon.
She speaks relatively quickly.
Keep the child away from the pond.
She was anxious about her job.
She asked anxiously.
I don't like any of this.
There wasn't anyone there.
The fundamental aspect of imprisonment is the loss of liberty.
Freedom from hunger is a must for all.
He went to sleep at six o'clock and he is still sleeping.
Is it possible that it's already eight o'clock?
How did you sleep last night?
The locomotive is at the end of the train.
Our train still needs to wait for the arrival of another train.
Our train must still wait for the arrival of yet another train.
Do it tomorrow.
Don't trust Tom.
Give Tom everything he asks for.
Stay with Tom.
Take Tom home.
Tell Tom I want to see him.
Tell us how we may help you.
Tell me what we're doing here.
Take your shot.
Take that back.
Take a number.
Stop right here.
Stop doing that.
Show yourself.
Show us the way.
Save yourself.
Promise me you'll be careful.
Promise me you won't do that again.
Open the safe.
Make your move.
Just leave me alone.
Get your hands off me.
Get rid of her.
Get on with it.
Get in the van.
Don't touch me.
Don't tempt me.
Don't tell me what to do.
Don't rub it in.
Don't resist us.
Don't remind me.
Don't make a decision right now.
Don't leave us.
Don't follow me.
Don't ever talk to me like that again.
Don't ever talk to me again.
Don't disappear on me again.
Don't be so shy.
Cut that out!
Be careful.
I'm the middle child of three.
I'm the second oldest of three children.
Would you like to play tennis every Sunday?
"We have to do this now." "There's no time."
Let me add some words about sentence fusion. A human is given two sentences and asked to produce a single coherent sentence that contains only the important information from the original two. This is a highly constrained summarization task. Investigations — carried out by Hal Daume and Daniel Marcu — has shown "that even at this restricted level, there is no measurable agreement between humans regarding what information should be considered important."
No smoking is allowed in this train station.
How're you doing?
How's that again?
No smoking is allowed at this train station.
I usually work from 9:a.m. to 5:p.m., but today I worked until 10:p.m.
The woman is working at the office.
This one's on me.
This one is on me.
Masturbation is doing it with someone you really love.
Wake up.
Wait one second.
Wait a second.
Try and stop me.
Take one of these.
Stop the car now.
Stay right there.
Stay out of this.
Stay back.
Stand up straight.
Leave us alone.
Keep an eye on Tom.
Just keep moving.
Just get to work.
Just follow them.
Just do your job.
Help me out here.
Drop the gun.
Come back tomorrow.
Check your pockets.
Bite your tongue.
I understand what's said and written, but it's hard for me to speak.
Why are you mad with me?
Happy when borrowing, but upset when having to return it.
Nope, not at all.
They look similar in some ways.
Why are you mad at me?
Why should I go to school?
Such a sales system can work for a while, but not forever.
He is a VIP.
You are under no obligation whatsoever to share this information.
I won't let you treat me like a slave.
Here comes the waiter.
Here comes the server.
I can barely understand what he's saying.
He was so immature, he couldn't resist the temptation.
You can't lift the piano by yourself.
God, oh God, why have you forsaken me?
I can go, but have not yet gone to Tibet.
There's tea; I drank it; I'm happy.
To the bird, the dog exists.
Hey cat, how are you? Are you sitting in the house? There are two cats.
Be attentive.
You like coffee best.
You prefer coffee.
Laura is Brazillian.
It's a new year.
You're sick.
I'm letting you go.
I'm laying you off.
I'm firing you.
I'm allowing you to go.
I'll allow you to go.
I'll permit you to go.
A person will have the face of an angel when borrowing something, but the face of the devil when returning it.
Do you prefer blondes or brunettes?
Translate a few proverbs into Esperanto about eating and/or obesity.
Where is the cat?
She's an angel.
I didn't do anything!
I can't leave now.
She's cruel and heartless.
He's cruel and heartless.
Are we leaving?
Are we leaving soon?
We'll leave as soon as Tom gets here.
There's life in the old boy yet!
The NYPD is the New York City Police Department.
What did he think of, when saying that?
Tom didn't notice that his fly was open.
When I die, I want to die like my grandfather who died peacefully in his sleep. Not screaming like all the passengers in his car.
The only mystery in life is why the kamikaze pilots wore helmets.
Your heart is free. Have the courage to follow it.
If you never do anything, you never become anyone.
Artists use lies to tell the truth, while politicians use them to cover the truth up.
A man who doesn't spend time with his family cannot be a real man.
There is some comfort in the emptiness of the sea, no past, no future.
I don't want to let him get the best of me!
We will just have to make the best of it.
He had the last laugh.
Hurry up! I don't have all day.
Could you just please answer the question? We don't have all day.
Give Tom all of it.
Let me get Tom.
Let me talk to Tom.
Stay away from Tom.
Tell Tom I said hi.
Take a closer look.
Stop being so nice.
Say cheese.
Let me grab my bag.
Just don't drop it.
Hold your position.
Give me your shirt.
Give me two minutes.
Get your clothes on.
Get out of the car.
Get out of my face.
Get out of my chair.
Get out of here now!
Get in the car now.
Enjoy your evening.
Quit bothering me.
Give my regards to Tom.
Please smile.
Send us lots of pictures!
Try to stop me.
Stop me if you can.
Don't try to stop me.
My name is Tom and I'll be your server tonight.
It's customary for waiters and waitresses to introduce themselves using only their first names.
Sign the guest book.
Show me your passport.
Show me what you have hidden behind your back.
Put your glasses on.
Promise me you'll never do that again.
Let me see what's in your hand.
Hug me.
Go kiss someone else.
Get some sleep, okay?
Don't wait up for me.
Don't admit anything.
Don't act like you don't know what's wrong.
Don't act like you don't know how to dance.
Cookie needs a walk.
My dog needs a walk.
Algeria is a very important partner country for the European Union.
I will never forget that kind, loving woman.
He who knows the most often says the least.
Let's pitch the tent while it's still light.
I went shopping at the new convenience store that opened in the neighborhood and received a free gift of bread.
We started a band because we were bored.
I'm giving up before I start.
I corrected the punctuation somewhat, but not rigorously, because that is less important in belles-lettres.
Don't worry about things that aren't important.
The fat girl is eating too much sweets with lots of sugar.
I was unacceptable.
Who pronounced this sentence?
We all are beta versions.
Man, I'm hungry.
Gosh, I'm hungry.
Does that clock work?
There are lots of trout in this lake.
I see you're at it again.
Your work consists of true facts and new discoveries. The problem is that what is true is not new, and what is new is not true.
I can not decode the message.
The general theory of relativity explains the anomalous perihelion precession of the planet Mercury.
The general theory of relativity predicted the deflection of starlight by the Sun.
Tom has a history of drug abuse.
Go to bed. It's a school night.
My mother tells me I have to go to bed by ten o'clock on school nights.
On school nights, Tom goes to bed at nine o'clock, but on Fridays and Saturdays, he stays up much later.
Tom's bedtime is nine o'clock on school nights.
Tom's parents won't let him go out with Mary on school nights.
Nathanael asked Jesus, "How do you know me?"
That horse came in first.
That horse came in first place.
She will not be able to come here tomorrow.
Explain the message to me.
Do you think my cat and your pet rat will get along well together?
How can I prevent my cat from killing birds?
He's playing with my cat.
She's playing with her cat.
Do you have the latest version?
My new phone is thinner than my old phone.
This book will be useful to anyone who wants to improve their memory and logical thinking.
Here are the pictures from last night.
It's a remake.
Tom and Mary are playing with John's cat.
Do you have the most recent version of this software?
This is so much fun.
This is a remake of a classic movie.
He's married to an American woman.
You know what I'm saying?
I knew exactly what to look for.
He took part in the expedition.
She won't know.
He won't know.
I'm not sure if he saw it.
I'm not sure if she saw it.
He cleaned it up.
She cleaned it up.
Tom isn't sure when Mary will get here.
Tom isn't sure what to do.
Tom isn't sure how much money he'll need.
I'm not sure who Tom's teacher is.
I'm not sure who Tom is married to.
I'm not sure whether Tom heard it or not.
I'm not sure where Tom will go.
I'm not sure when Tom will leave.
I'm not sure what Tom will do.
I'm not sure if Tom will go.
I'm not sure how Tom will do it.
I'm not sure if I'll go.
I'm not sure how to do this.
It's very confusing.
It's very interesting.
But I'll do it.
He is fluent in English.
You are on the wrong plane.
This car was made in Germany.
It's not cheap.
Mary performed at the Tatoeba Center for the Performing Arts.
Some snakes are dangerous.
Look at that guy, he's really cute.
Look at that girl. She's really cute.
Look at that cat, it's really cute.
It made me laugh.
It's hard to tell.
He's a good guy.
Your hat is silly.
Your hat looks silly.
He lied about it.
She lied about it.
This is fascinating.
It's worthless junk.
He looked good when he was young.
She looked good when she was young.
I did it while I was drunk.
He did it the old fashioned way.
I did it the old fashioned way.
She did it the old fashioned way.
I was young and innocent.
He was young and innocent.
She was young and innocent.
I punched him in the face.
She punched me in the face.
She punched him in the face.
He punched her in the face.
She's looking at me.
He's looking at me.
I was well rewarded for my efforts.
It was very small.
Tom's room was very small.
What is your dream?
It suddenly struck me that that tiny pea, pretty and blue, was the Earth. I put up my thumb and shut one eye, and my thumb blotted out the planet Earth. I didn't feel like a giant. I felt very, very small.
He looks like his mother.
Don't give fish to a poor man; teach him how to fish.
Eight guys have eyes.
How do you know that Tom is undressing you with his eyes?
Mary felt like Tom was undressing her with his eyes.
The guy over there has been undressing me with his eyes since we walked in the door.
Give a man a fish and you feed him for a day. Teach a man to fish and you feed him for a lifetime.
Give a man a fish and you feed him for a day. Teach a man to fish and you feed him for the rest of his life.
Whenever I'm on top of a mountain, I feel grateful.
Many people attended that conference.
Many people attended that meeting.
Most people think that people shouldn't eat people.
Are you by yourself or with someone?
Now, in Latin there are twenty-three letters: a, b, c, d, e, f, g, h, i, k, l, m, n, o, p, q, r, s, t, u, x, y, z.
No one says "I am plowed", but in the third person it is "the land is plowed"; bibo "I drink", bibitur uinum "the wine is drunk"; manduco "I eat", manducatur panis "the bread is eaten"; laboro "I work", laboratur uestis "the clothing is worn out", et cetera.
I have a pain in my back.
I don't want kids.
He doesn't want kids.
She doesn't want kids.
He is well liked by his students.
She is well liked by her students.
This teacher was well liked by his students.
I love my daughter.
I love my son.
The Nile River is the longest in the world.
My husband is lazy.
I got pregnant accidentally.
He married a farmer's daughter.
Tom didn't want to marry the farmer's daughter.
You're too young to get married.
They abandoned their children in the forest.
They were stuck in the elevator for two hours.
Do you want to sleep on the couch?
It's a lot of work.
The benefits outweigh the costs.
This is obviously impossible.
You should come with me sometime.
I asked him for his phone number.
I'd like that.
Tom has made himself comfortable on the sofa.
You spend too much time with him.
You spend too much time with her.
They went rock climbing.
Please do this for me.
I want to buy my girlfriend a present.
She wants to buy her boyfriend a present.
I don't want anyone to see it.
How will you stop me?
How will you stop him?
How will you stop her?
How will you stop them?
I'm sorry. I'll do anything to make this right.
She's a very talented artist.
I need a new car.
This is a terrible idea.
I tend to hear a lot of geese everytime I'm at the condominium.
You can't just leave me here.
Don't be foolish.
I'll explain everything.
I can explain everything.
I'm afraid there's nothing we can do.
I made the first move.
He made the first move.
She made the first move.
Call the police and tell them what you told me.
I thought it was a good idea at the time.
You need to calm down.
Tom went on a drinking binge.
"Can I come over and talk to you?" "I'd like that."
"Perhaps you'd like me to play a song for you." "I'd like that."
"Would you like me to show you around town?" "I'd like that."
"Let me hug you." "I'd like that a lot."
"May I kiss you?" "I'd like that very much."
"Let me buy you lunch." "Sure. I'd like that."
"Can I make you breakfast sometime?" "Yes, I'd like that very much."
"I'll come over and help you finish your homework." "Thank you. I'd like that very much."
"You probably wouldn't like going camping with me." "You're wrong. In fact, I think I'd like that very much."
Hand over your weapons.
It was not my intention.
Do you still love her?
Do you still love him?
He still loves her.
Are you telling me how to do my job?
He likes country music.
She hates country music.
You're not thinking clearly.
We can't turn back.
We cannot turn back.
We can't turn back now.
Do you still have feelings for her?
Do you still have feelings for him?
He's good.
She's good.
I'm sorry I yelled at you.
I'm sorry I hurt you.
He's addicted to drugs.
She's addicted to drugs.
Will you accompany me?
Please help me! That doesn't help very much at all!
She's my half-sister.
He's my half-brother.
It's not enough.
I'm not good at this.
I'm doing my best.
It's not enough to just say you're going to vote. You need to vote.
He's doing his best.
She's doing her best.
"Here's a dollar. Go and buy a cup of coffee." "That's not enough."
Why are you doing this to me?
I'm still thinking about it.
Don't do this to me!
I can handle it.
I had something else in mind.
I'll do anything that you want!
I'm begging you. I'll do anything you want!
She's pregnant with twins.
Do you like my new haircut?
I don't need an SUV.
I say now amo “I love”, then you say quem amas? “Whom do you love?” I say te amo “I love you” then my love falls on you, and you can say amor a te “I am loved by you”; doceo te “I teach you”, and you say: doceor a te “I am taught by you”, et cetera.
Tom was already drinking his third beer before Mary had even finished her first.
In a dirty bag treasure often lies.
This may be research my secretary did.
All is vanity.
She speaks German.
She speaks Polish.
The truth is I'm a man in a man's body.
If Internet users are bees, who owns the beehives?
I love chocolate.
It is said that...
If nothing saves us from death, may love at least save us from life.
I think about you every time I see it.
School is a challenge already?
It is impossible for you to succeed.
If you tell a lie, Lord Emma will rip out your tongue.
Shinji ate nine coconuts.
The age of chivalry is gone.
Nothing is so fatal to religion as indifference.
All government is founded on compromise and barter.
The true danger is when liberty is nibbled away, for expedients, and by parts.
They defend their errors as if they were defending their inheritance.
One that confounds good and evil is an enemy to the good.
Government is a contrivance of human wisdom to provide for human wants. Men have a right that these wants should be provided for by this wisdom.
Flattery corrupts both the receiver and the giver.
A state without the means of some change is without the means of its conservation.
But what is liberty without wisdom, and without virtue? It is the greatest of all possible evils; for it is folly, vice, and madness, without tuition or restraint.
There are only days left to the event!
Yesterday, we finished constructing the new stage.
Only a few days are left!
Please read the text below.
I'd like to teach you Chinese in exchange for your teaching me another language.
Why are you not doing it?
There is a big difference between learning a language in order to understand or to say something if needed, and wanting to acquire a second language in order to command it freely, almost like you command your first language, your mother tongue.
He beatboxes professionally.
The eraser on the pencil you just gave me is worn down.
She stopped studying and left the university without a degree.
I don't want to buy that house from him.
You have to acquire as soon as possible a good knowledge of business English.
You must acquire as soon as possible a good knowledge of business English.
Tom was born the same day as his cat.
You never tell me anything.
My daughter won't listen to me.
My son won't listen to me.
We could keep it a secret.
I could keep it a secret.
I'd like you to keep this a secret.
Let's keep this a secret, OK?
I was tricked into doing it.
He was tricked into doing it.
She was tricked into doing it.
You tricked me!
He tricked me.
She tricked me.
Trick or treat.
I want a divorce.
She wants a divorce.
Nice shot!
Many children will be going from door to door saying "Trick or treat?" on Halloween night.
What kind of costume are you planning on wearing to the Halloween party?
He won a sizeable amount of money.
Why would you do something like that?
Could you please show Tom how to do that?
I was just about to come looking for you.
You will pay for it.
Agreed, but only on one condition.
You cannot key in numbers because the NumLock LED is off.
I talk like this 'cause I can back it up.
Enjoy your life, while you can.
He allowed John to enter yesterday.
Do the best you can!
If you want something done, do it yourself!
Is this art?
I could keep it a secret, but not for too long.
Who owns Africa's resources?
If you do not think about the future, you cannot have one.
Humankind will have everything human.
Why is the light on?
Let the concert begin!
Nobody beats him!
We brought you enough food.
We've brought enough food to feed everyone.
"You're pretty good at this, aren't you?" "That's why the boss hired me."
"You'll never get past the guards." "I'll take my chances."
"You need to pay a fee." "What kind of fee?"
"You know Tom, don't you?" "I can't say that I do."
"Would you like a piece of cake?" "What kind of cake?"
"Would you like a drink?" "I've already got one."
"Will you go?" "I will if I have to."
"Will you be at my party tomorrow night?" "I'll try to be there."
"Why weren't you at the meeting?" "Something came up."
"Why didn't you kiss Mary?" "She wouldn't let me."
"Why did you do that?" "I had no choice."
"Which apple would you like?" "I'd like that one."
"Where's Tom?" "How would I know?"
"Where's my hat?" "Right behind you."
"Where are Tom and Mary?" "They're on their way."
"When should we tell Tom this?" "Now is the best time."
"When did it happen?" "When did what happen?"
"What's your decision?" "Can I sleep on it?"
"What's Tom doing now?" "You don't want to know."
"What were you just doing?" "I was talking to Tom."
"What time will you be finished?" "I'm not sure yet."
"What did you think of the movie?" "It was okay, I guess."
"What color is your underwear?" "I'm not wearing any."
"We'd like a beer." "Just one beer?"
"We need to get ready for the party." "Oh, was that tonight?"
"We haven't seen each other since 2009." "Has it been that long?"
"We have to tell Tom about that now." "That's not an option."
"We have a problem." "What sort of problem?"
"Tom will translate French into English for free." "That's good to know."
"Tom will probably be late." "Yes, that's a possibility."
"Tom will pay you all the money I owe you." "You'd better hope so."
"Tom will buy that painting." "How can you be sure?"
"Tom was able to convince Mary to help." "How did he do that?"
"Tom stole my wallet." "Are you sure about that?"
"Tom lives two houses down from Mary." "That's pretty close."
"Tom likes Mary." "Yeah, I know."
"Tom likes Mary." "Tell me something I don't know."
"Tom likes Mary." "I think that's obvious to everyone."
"Tom is thirty years old." "He's not really that old, is he?"
"Tom isn't here." "Then where is he?"
"Tom is getting married." "Who's the lucky girl?"
"Tom is a great guy." "I couldn't agree with you more."
"Tom got a new job." "What kind of job?"
"Tom gave Mary a box of chocolates and one long-stemmed rose for her birthday." "That's really sweet."
"Tom has been putting on some weight" "Yeah, I noticed that."
"Tom and Mary have decided to help John paint his house." "That's nice to hear."
"Tom and Mary have broken up." "That's ancient history."
"Tom and Mary have been divorced for over three years." "Really? I had no idea."
"Tom and Mary are planning to get divorced." "I wasn't aware of that."
"This isn't Tom's watch." "I never said it was."
"This isn't mine." "It's not mine either."
"The boys went downtown." "Is that where Tom is?"
"That's not the problem." "Then what's wrong?"
"Please think about it carefully." "Think about what?"
"Please put this on the top." "On top of what?"
"Please be on time." "I always am, aren't I?"
"Not everyone can come to our party." "Who's not coming?"
"May I borrow Tom's lawn mower?" "I guess it would be all right."
"Look what I just bought." "What is it?"
"Let's go dancing." "What a great idea!"
"Let's buy Tom a car for his graduation present." "That's a great idea."
"Let me get you a cup of coffee." "I'd appreciate that."
"Jump across the ditch." "I will if you will."
"It's really muggy today." "You're not kidding."
"I'm sorry. I can't do that anymore." "Can't do what anymore?"
"I'm moving to Boston next week." "I miss you already."
"I'm looking for a guy." "I'm a guy, aren't I?"
"I'm glad I studied karate." "I'm glad you did, too."
"I thought you said Tom lost his job." "Maybe I was wrong."
"I think we shouldn't be doing this." "No one asked you."
"I think Tom stole my drink." "Really? I don't think he'd ever do something like that."
"I think Tom likes Mary." "Isn't that obvious?"
"I think this wine is really good." "I've had better."
"I think it's Tom at the door." "Who else would it be?"
"I plan to help Tom steal some cars." "That would be unwise."
"I met the new teacher." "What's he like?"
"I hear Tom and Mary are getting a divorce." "That's the rumor."
"I have to stop you from doing that." "Stop me from doing what?"
"I have many things for sale." "What kind of things?"
"I gave them the job." "Why them and not us?"
"I don't have time to spend with my kids." "You should make time."
"I can't figure this out." "That makes two of us."
"I can't do everything you've asked me to do." "Then just do what you can."
"I assume you have a college degree." "You assume wrong."
"How will you keep Tom from going to the police?" "I'll offer him money."
"How was the survival camp?" "I hated it. I only lasted two days."
"How much money does Tom make?" "How would I know?"
"How many times have you eaten here?" "Many, many times."
"How did the meeting go?" "I think it went okay."
"Here's your confession." "I'm not signing that."
"Here are the divorce papers." "I'm not signing them."
"Here are some flowers for you." "Thanks. They're gorgeous."
"Do your homework before you go to bed." "I always do, don't I?"
"Do you think Tom's new business will be successful?" "It's too soon to tell."
"Do you like the way Tom sings?" "Sure. Don't you?"
"Do you like strawberries?" "Sure. I love them."
"Do you know Tom?" "I don't believe I do."
"Did you complete the report I asked you to write?" "No. There was no time."
"Did Tom really tell you that he was breaking up with Mary?" "Not in so many words."
"Did Tom really hit Mary?" "That's what I heard."
"Did giving Tom the money help?" "I don't think it did."
"Could you please buy me a book?" "What kind of book?"
"Could I ask you a few questions?" "Questions about what?"
"Can you help me paint my house?" "Sure. No problem."
"Can I get you a beer?" "Do you have anything stronger?"
"Are you upset?" "No. Why would I be?"
"Are you going to Tom's party?" "I'm still not sure."
"Are you going to go to Tom's concert?" "I most certainly am."
"Will the project be completed on time?" "I can guarantee it."
"Tom broke up with Mary." "Is that a bad thing?"
"I think we should clean the carburetor." "I already tried that."
"How did you two meet?" "It's a long story."
"Have you paid your bill yet?" "We most certainly have."
What kind of fish is that?
Hello.
She's not a regular employee of this company.
She's not a full-time employee of this company.
A friend of mine made it with a mask.
She had the wrong number.
Without a doubt, it's the best choice. Don't even think about it.
He did all he could to rescue her.
It seems right to me.
This is really bad luck!
How old is your sister?
Cooked meat is still meat.
Don't bring bad luck.
I always drink a glass of milk before going to sleep.
None of this is rational.
If you don't hurry, you'll be late.
Books intended for young people will sell well.
This history textbook is intended for high school students.
Don't take any prisoners.
He doesn't speak my language.
The clock has stopped. A new battery is needed.
The clock has stopped. It needs a new battery.
The planning committee was charged with collecting and analyzing information and using it as the backdrop for determining those actions that would best help the Association to fulfill its mission.
I've memorized the model number of the charger.
The planning committee was commissioned to collect and analyze information. This will be the background for the definition of action, which will support the association to fulfill its mission.
Jews used Hebrew letters as numerals, and unlike the decimal system, the position of the numeral in the number is irrelevant. Thus one may conclude as many superstitious conclusions as he desires.
The planning committee met six times over the course of ten months.
The urban planning committee has accepted our proposal.
The new skyscraper, which will consist of two intertwined 1212-meter towers, is expected to be completed in 2022.
Don't worry. We won't fail this time.
Don't worry. Tom will be fine.
Don't worry. The ambulance will be here soon.
Don't worry. It's easy.
Don't worry. It'll be over soon.
Don't worry. I'm not going to tell the police.
Don't worry. I'll take care of Tom.
Don't worry. I'll protect you.
Don't worry. I'll never leave you.
Don't worry. I'll be discreet.
Don't worry. I won't tell anyone.
Don't worry. I won't let anything stop me from finishing the job.
Don't worry. I won't hurt her.
Don't worry. I promise I'll do what you ask.
Don't worry. I have insurance.
Don't worry about Tom. He isn't a threat.
Don't worry about Tom. He always acts that way.
Don't worry about the store. I'll lock up.
Don't worry about me. I can take care of myself.
Don't worry about me so much.
Don't worry about it. Everything's going to be fine.
Don't worry about it, OK?
Don't worry about a thing.
Don't waste your time.
Don't waste your time doing that.
Don't waste Tom's time.
Don't walk past me as if we were strangers.
Don't wait for me for dinner.
Don't try to talk. Save your energy.
Don't try to change the subject.
Don't touch those.
Don't touch that. It's evidence.
Don't touch that dial.
Don't touch my stuff.
Don't throw them away. You'll need them later.
Don't throw that away.
Don't thank me yet.
Don't tempt me. I might just do that.
Don't tell Tom what I've just told you.
Don't tell anyone.
Don't talk to Tom about this.
Don't talk to me.
Don't talk to me while I'm working.
Don't talk to me like that.
Don't take any chances.
Don't stay up too late. Tomorrow's a school day.
Don't speak French to me.
Don't sound so surprised. You know I can do whatever I want to do.
Don't sleep in the bathtub.
Don't sit there. That's Tom's chair.
Don't sass me.
Don't respond to that.
Don't put me in the middle of this.
Don't play games with me.
Don't move unless I tell you.
Don't mind me. Just keep doing what you were doing.
Don't make this personal.
Don't make stupid jokes.
Don't make me use this gun.
Don't make me shoot you again.
Don't make me regret telling you who I really am.
Don't make me regret letting your stay here.
Don't make me regret lending you this money.
Don't make me kill you.
Don't make me hurt you.
Don't make me ground you.
Don't make me feel bad about doing what I did.
Don't make me do this.
Don't make me do this the hard way.
Don't make any loud noises.
Don't make a scene.
Don't lose sight of what you're here for.
Don't look so suspicious.
Don't look so shocked.
Don't look directly at Tom.
Don't look at Tom. Look at me.
Don't listen to Tom. He doesn't know what he's talking about.
Don't let Tom talk to anyone.
Don't let Tom see you.
Don't let Tom frighten you.
Don't let this get out of control.
Don't let me ever hear you say that again.
Don't let go of me.
Don't let anything slow you down.
Don't leave.
Don't leave town.
Don't leave me here by myself.
Don't lash out at me just because my brother treated you badly.
Don't kid yourself. You couldn't afford to buy a house like this.
Don't just stand there. Get in my car.
Don't just stand there. Call security.
Don't interrupt Tom.
Don't help me. I want to do this by myself.
Don't go there now.
Don't go out the front.
Don't go in there. Mary is taking a shower.
Don't go anywhere just yet. Wait until I get there.
Don't gloat.
Don't give Tom any ideas.
Don't give me that look.
Don't get too comfortable.
Don't get paranoid.
Don't get mad, promise.
Don't get all tied up in knots.
Don't get all high and mighty.
Don't forget your bag.
Don't forget to tell Tom.
Don't forget to floss.
Don't forget our date tomorrow.
Don't flatter yourself.
Don't fight it. Just let yourself fall in love with me.
Don't feel bad. Tom didn't give me a present either.
Don't expect overtime.
Don't ever say her name.
Don't ever mention his name again.
Don't ever lie to me again.
Don't ever forget how much stronger Tom is than you are.
Don't ever call me again.
Don't even think of it.
Don't even think of asking me what I think about you right now.
Don't even think of asking me to let you date my daughter.
Don't even think of asking me to lend you some money.
Don't even think about it.
Don't drink that.
Don't drink out of my glass.
Don't drag me into this.
Don't dodge the question.
Don't do this.
Don't do it.
Don't do anything stupid, OK?
Don't die.
Don't count on Tom's help.
Don't call the cops, man.
Don't burst my bubble.
Don't blame yourself. It's my fault.
Don't beat yourself up.
Don't be too picky. There aren't that many fish in the sea.
Don't be so outraged.
Don't be so negative.
Don't be so lazy.
Don't be so dramatic.
Don't be silly. I can't do it.
Don't be rude.
Don't be offended. Tom's that way with everyone.
Don't be mean.
Don't be mad at me.
Don't be fresh with me.
Don't be disgusting.
Don't be crude.
Don't be a fool. Let me help you.
Don't ask so many questions.
Don't ask questions yet. Just listen to what I have to say.
Don't ask me. I'm just the janitor.
Don't act surprised.
Tell us what you know about Tom's problems.
Tell us what you know about Tom's family.
Tell us what you know about Tom.
Tell us something we didn't know.
Tell us more about what you did when you were in Boston.
Tell Tom to stop fooling around.
Tell Tom to stop following me around.
Tell Tom to pick up the phone.
Tell Tom it's an emergency.
Tell Tom I'm ready.
Tell Tom I'm not interested in the car he's trying to sell.
Tell Tom I'm going to drop by his house this afternoon.
Tell Tom I won't need his help.
Tell Tom I won't be needing his help.
Tell Tom I love him.
Tell Tom I can hear him.
Tell Tom about what you did the other night.
Tell the others to hurry up.
Tell me you're kidding.
Tell me why you didn't ask Tom.
Tell me who you plan to go to Boston with.
Tell me where you've been hiding.
Tell me where you went.
Tell me where Tom is.
Tell me what you think.
Tell me what you saw.
Tell me what to think.
Tell me what I can do to help.
Tell me we're not both completely stupid.
Tell me to wait for you and I will.
Tell me this isn't happening.
Tell me I did the right thing.
Tell me how I can help you.
Tell me again why you want me to do that.
Tell me again who will be helping us.
Tell me again where you live.
Tell me again where Tom is planning to go to college.
Tell me again when the concert begins.
Tell me again what time you expect me to be there.
Tell me again what I'm supposed to do.
Tell me again how much money you have.
Tell me about Tom.
Tell me about the incident.
Tell Mary I love her.
Tell everybody we'll be there soon.
Tell everybody to stand by.
Take your coat. It's cold today.
Take whatever you want.
Take Tom to the station.
Take Tom to the hospital.
Take the leftover food home with you.
Take the afternoon off if you want to.
Take out the trash.
Take me to your place.
Take good care of Tom.
Take care of yourself, OK?
Take care of Tom.
Take care of that for me, will you?
Take as much time as you need.
Take as long as you need.
Take an umbrella. It's likely to rain.
Take a seat. You look tired.
Take a look at this report.
Take a deep breath and relax.
Stop worrying about it.
Stop what you're doing.
Stop the car.
Stop that.
Stop talking to me.
Stop right there, please.
Stop pretending you don't know the answer.
Stop pretending you don't know me.
Stop playing hard to get.
Stop or I'll shoot.
Stop harassing me.
Stop fussing over me. I'm fine.
Stop calling me Tom.
Stop by whenever you can.
Stop being so nice to me.
Stop being so dramatic.
Stop badgering me.
Stay here with Tom.
Sign on this line.
Promise me you won't give Tom my phone number.
Play that song again.
Lighten up.
Let me write that down.
Let me try to get Tom some help.
Let me think a minute.
Let me take a gander.
Let me stop you right there. We don't want to hear about that.
Let me smell your breath.
Let me show you something.
Let me see that list.
Let me see if I can do anything.
Let me open the door for you.
Let me know immediately if you have a problem.
Let me know if you need anything.
Let me just look at it for a while.
Let me introduce you to Tom.
Let me in. I have to talk to you.
Let me help.
Let me help you up.
Let me handle Tom, OK?
Let me go tell Tom that you're here.
Let me give you a hand with that.
Let me get you some ice.
Let me get this straight. You're my father?
Let me get this straight.
Let me get that for you.
Let me get my lawyer on the phone.
Let me call you back.
Let me call my lawyer.
Let me ask you something.
Let me ask you something, Tom. Do you think we really have a chance?
Let me ask you a question.
Let go or I'll scream.
Leave Tom out of this.
Leave the box on the porch.
Leave the baby in the crib.
Leave my family alone.
Leave me alone or I'll call the police.
Leave it to me. I'll get it done right away.
Leave a message and I'll call you.
Keep your voice down.
Keep your mouth shut.
Keep your money. I don't want it.
Keep your hands off my stuff.
Keep your hands off me.
Keep your eyes on Tom. Make sure he doesn't do anything to bother other people.
Keep out of my way.
Keep off my property.
Keep it down, will you?
Keep calm.
Just use mine for now.
Just throw it away.
Just think about how you'd feel in a similar situation.
Just tell Tom I'm looking for him.
Just tell me what you're looking for.
Just tell me what you know about Tom.
Just tell me what you know about the situation.
Just tell me what you know about the problem.
Just tell me this isn't going to get me thrown into jail.
Just tell me this isn't going to get me into trouble.
Just take a deep breath.
Just stay where you are and I'll bring you the papers you need to sign.
Just stay out of my suitcase.
Just stay out of my desk.
Just stay out of my closet.
Just remember to have fun.
Just push down as hard as you can.
Just promise me you're going to be careful.
Just promise me you won't get angry.
Just pretend I'm not here.
Just let me know if you won't be here on time.
Just let me know if you have any trouble.
Just let me help you.
Just let me handle this.
Just let me do the talking.
Just leave Tom alone.
Just keep your mind on your work.
Just keep your hands where I can see them.
Just ignore Tom. He always seems to be complaining about something.
Just grab your bag and follow me.
Just give me what I want.
Just give me some time. I'm sure I can figure out how to solve the problem.
Just get out of here.
Just get off the stage.
Just get back to work.
Just follow my lead.
Just don't tell Tom.
Just don't tell Tom I sent you.
Just don't pierce anything.
Just don't make me do this again.
Just don't break anything.
Just do what I did when I met Mary. Tell her she's beautiful.
Just close your eyes.
Just be sure to leave your passport in the safe.
Just be quiet.
Just be glad you're OK.
Just be careful, Tom.
Just answer the question.
Hurry! Tom says it's urgent.
Hit the brakes.
Go wait in the car.
Go to the wine cellar and get a couple of bottles of wine.
Go stand over there and wait for me.
Go put some clean clothes on.
Go put on something more conservative.
Go over the choices again.
Go home. Get some rest.
Go get some towels.
Go find somebody who can help.
Go back to work.
Go back to where you belong.
Give me a hundred dollars.
Get Tom away from here.
Get the door, will you?
Get that dog away from me.
Get some sleep.
Find Tom before he tells someone.
Find Tom before he murders someone.
Find Tom before he hurts someone.
Find Tom and tell him to come here right away.
Find Tom and ask him what you just asked me.
Find out who Tom has been talking to.
Find out where Tom is.
Find out what you can about Tom.
Find out what Tom wants.
Find out how Tom plans to spend his weekend.
Find out all you can about Tom's business.
Find out all you can about Tom.
Fill this out, please.
Do it quickly.
Cool down.
Come outside.
Come on, sing with me.
Come on, give it to me.
Come on. Give it a try.
Come on, Tom. Talk to me.
Come meet some of your new classmates.
Come meet everybody.
Come here and sit down.
Come back here.
Come back and pick me up later.
Call me when you're ready.
Call me when it's done.
Be cool.
Ask Tom to help you.
I should have looked more attentively. I have a very kind mentor, but I cause him a lot of work.
The adventure begins.
Abraham got into a fight with Joseph because of Lucy.
I am not interested in this.
Aoga receives an honourable mention at the Kodansha Award for New Writers of Children’s Literature.
I gave him a slap.
Louie, your friends are coming. Clean up.
He will not stay for more than four days.
If I were you, I would stay quiet.
I'm still getting used to the great turn my life has taken.
She is looking up at me with impassive eyes.
We are now closer than we have ever been.
I can't take that last step. It's too difficult, too uncertain.
My hair refuses to sort out this morning.
We both have things we can't let go.
Is there actually a moment between the past and the future?
Today, I finally came to terms with myself; I accepted myself.
If he had something to say, the words were left unspoken.
I longed for something unattainable.
I would be thankful to you if you stayed until tomorrow.
This map will seem very useful to you.
To whom did you write the letter?
Hebrew is my mother tongue.
Hebrew is my native tongue.
I don't live in Finland.
Delete his name from the list.
Smell this flower.
Smell this milk. Do you think it's gone bad?
Limit your remarks to the matter we are discussing.
He wants to make fun of me.
I don't like it when people make fun of me.
The people are angry.
In many cultures, men and women dress differently.
The joke fell completely flat.
He did a great job.
She did a great job.
Can we have a moment alone?
You can do anything you want to.
He told me he was a liar, but I don't believe him.
She will not approve.
He will not approve.
He loves nightclubs.
She's a night owl.
He's an early bird.
Tom is lazy and undisciplined.
She has an attitude problem.
It's not unheard of.
I was not disappointed.
He was not disappointed.
She was not disappointed.
Slide to unlock.
She's wearing tights.
These men are wearing tights.
He was not quick enough.
She was not quick enough.
It's good for business.
I got it for free.
Bare soil is damaged soil.
Don't be nervous.
What is the soil food web?
Your soil is in need of amending.
The tiny yellow flowers are edible as well, and tasty.
I am allowing clover to grow on the edges.
Worm castings continually enrich the soil.
Organic chicken manure is high in nitrogen.
Permaculture is a branch of ecological design.
I am much sexier since my PDC.
I borrowed that sentence from Tamara.
Just remember, never walk on your garden.
I have a small piece of garden that has quite compacted soil.
My aunt's pen is full of ink.
I like it more and more.
Don't take anything that happens to you there personally
Why, is somebody going to be mean to me or something?
The Diaoyu Islands have been Chinese territory since ancient times.
I'll never do that again.
I'll definitely never do that again.
I'll never ever do that again.
I don't want to ever do that again.
I don't ever want to do that again.
"Top-down economics never works," said Obama. "The country does not succeed when just those at the very top are doing well. We succeed when the middle class gets bigger, when it feels greater security."
Cows give us milk and chickens give us eggs.
He's rich as Croesus.
We need few words to express what is essential.
We need few words to express the essential.
You may injure yourselves if you don't follow the safety procedures.
How did his son die?
Well, you don't seem very sick, all of a sudden.
There are highs and lows in life, said the elevator operator.
Don't you have some work to do?
I'm especially pleased to meet you.
I saw that he came.
Do as I say, not as I do.
If I can get a book from the library, it saves me the need to buy it in the bookshop.
Do you breastfeed or bottlefeed him?
A belt keeps your pants from falling down.
I hate that they call me "four-eyes".
If I were rich, I would buy it.
She has already done.
Do you know where the closest bathroom is?
I kept walking until my feet got tired.
How horrible!
There is a fly buzzing in front of the fish shop.
He takes vitamins.
She loves nightclubs.
You could start your own company.
He's his own boss.
She's her own boss.
I'm my own boss.
I'm still on the fence.
This was her first job.
This was his first job.
It was her first job.
It was his first job.
It was my first job.
She's the most beautiful woman in the world.
Her parents love me.
His parents love me.
Her parents loved me.
His parents loved me.
It's a wonderful world.
Nobody did anything.
This is so sad.
We don't let people like you in here.
He's not the right man for you.
He's not the right man for me.
I know nothing about Linux.
It is too late for him.
It is too late for her.
It is too late for me.
It is too late for you.
It's too late for him.
It's too late for her.
It's too late for you.
They went to the music festival.
He's autistic.
I know what you want.
This is a new model.
It's the same every time.
Mayday, mayday!
I need to go to the bathroom.
I hid it under my bed.
It's hidden under the bed.
She always stayed by my side.
Which online dictionary do you use most?
He is different from his older brother.
He taught with patience.
With that big nose, he finishes the air around.
Her opinion was not accepted.
She phoned the psychiatrist.
Madalena was not cheerful about her husband's promotion.
Chinese is the language with most native speakers in the world.
I have been living in Rio de Janeiro for four years.
There were only six people in the meeting.
I am a nurse.
In the course of a few weeks.
Do not underestimate my power.
She had two accidents within a year.
That famous couple announced their split during the interview to Fama magazine.
That warship armed with eight cannons is a "Queen Elizabeth" class.
I've just arrived at the top of a mountain. That's really surprising, because according to my map, there should be a lake here.
Mary finished her Japanese exercise.
Have a listen and let me know your thoughts.
We're working for you.
We are working for you.
The conclusion may seem trivial: Esperanto exists.
I don't want to achieve immortality through my work. I want to achieve it through not dying.
"Tom was killed in an automobile accident." "How horrible!"
SOS! SOS! SOS!
It is ice cold.
Who has the photos from the horse in Minsk?
He acknowledged his mistake.
The women achieved their goal.
It's 3:10.
He put the book on the desk.
Even though the light was red, that car just drove right through.
We are familiar with that author's name.
Good morning! Where do you want to go?
Elephants can't ride bicycles.
Mari calls her library room her "meditation room."
Only one of the tires is extremely flat. I wonder if it was punctured by a nail or something.
She interrupted me when I was speaking by putting her finger on my mouth.
As soon as I woke up, the headache returned.
One day you'll understand.
The book was banned in several countries.
I can't believe you're doing this to me.
I can't believe he did this to me.
I can't believe she did this to me.
He's depressed and lonely.
She says that she's lonely.
It's easier to make money when you already have some.
We don't know why there's more matter than antimatter.
The Competence Center serves as a meeting place of problems and solutions.
Women give birth and men do not.
Were you crying?
They tore off their clothes.
Can you explain your answer?
We both laughed.
They both laughed.
Don't be naive.
That's adorable.
I've done some things I'm not proud of.
Do you want her to know about it?
Do you want him to know about it?
I saw her naked.
I saw him naked.
Get a grip on yourself!
Could you turn that down, please?
Stop deluding yourself.
Everything has a purpose.
They'll be coming to the party too.
She will be coming to the party too.
He will be coming to the party, too.
I will be coming to the party too.
She's a bitch.
I trusted you.
Turkish has a different word order.
The expansion of the universe is speeding up.
Science is very exciting.
Your accent's good, but your pronunciation's a little bit off.
Greed is not always good.
No one agreed with her.
No one agreed with him.
No one agreed with me.
I live in a rural area.
I learned to milk a cow.
He doesn't want to live in the city.
She wants to live in the city.
Welcome to the United States.
How is it possible to reconcile work and private life?
The trail has gone cold.
How can we achieve a balance between work and personal life?
Is there a student discount?
This is the key point. It's now or never.
The subway was so full that there were around five people per square meter.
There are no shortcuts to the peak, only to the abyss.
All the students applaud.
Do you really have enough money to buy such a valuable watch?
When a philosopher answers me, I no longer understand my question.
With pleasure, my dear.
Schooling is a process that taught a vast crowd of people to read but wasn't able to teach them to decide what is worth reading.
I cook, but I don't do that with much pleasure.
I cook, but without much pleasure.
The 26th of September is the European Day of Languages. The Council of Europe wants to draw attention to the multilingual heritage of Europe, to foster the evolution of multilingualism in society and to encourage citizens to learn languages​​. Tatoeba, as an easy-to-use learning tool and an active community, promotes the study and appreciation of languages in a very practical way.
No smoking!
The bread is not fresh.
I'll email you in Chinese later.
Please open an account at our bank.
I think you should open an account here.
Why don't you open a savings account?
I opened an account at a nearby bank.
The poor are often disempowered by the language practices of those in power.
He decided to study law.
America’s credit-driven capitalist model has suffered a warning heart attack and needs a total rethink.
The Chinese government released on 25th "Diaoyu Islands are China's inherent territory "White Paper.
The Chinese government issued a white paper entitled "Diaoyu Islands are China's inherent territory" on the 25th.
The school is only a five-minute walk away.
How long did you train in order to achieve such perfection?
Let's go to the circus tomorrow.
I don't like these sweets.
My dear, maybe you are hiding something from me!
You didn't say anything.
Everything is okay, don't worry!
It isn't as bad as it seems.
It's easier to make plans than to realise them.
At that time, he was a student.
He wants to live in the city.
They see another boat going into the port.
You said nothing.
I would go with you, but I don't have any money.
"Would you get me a cup of coffee?" "With pleasure, my dear."
The capital of France is Paris.
I am the happiest person on Earth!
I am the happiest person in the world!
"Would you get me a cup of coffee?" "Sure. I'd be glad to."
I have two eyes.
He has a house by the sea.
Are you drinking green tea?
I will meet him at the bus stop.
He talks fast.
I like your family.
Tom is older than me.
The weather is good today.
I eat bread.
You don't have a heart.
I like your garden.
I hope you received the flowers I sent yesterday.
If you intend to win, you should do your best.
Tom yelled at Mary.
Tom wouldn't lie to Mary.
Tom wouldn't let me leave.
Tom would've liked you. It's too bad that you never met each other.
Tom would never steal anything.
Tom would never lie to Mary.
Tom would never hit Mary.
Tom would never do that.
Tom wondered what Mary was doing.
Tom won't tell Mary anything.
Tom won't stay.
Tom won't remember a thing.
Tom won't listen.
Tom won't have that problem.
Tom won't be here long enough to really learn how things work.
Tom won't be difficult to find.
Tom won't be at home tomorrow.
Tom will take you home.
Tom will not let Mary go.
Tom will never give up on Mary.
Tom will never forgive you.
Tom will have to wait.
Tom will find out soon enough.
Tom will find a place to live soon enough.
Tom will find a job soon enough.
Tom will come back. I'm sure he will.
Tom will be thrilled.
Tom will be there.
Tom went ballistic.
Tom watched the race through binoculars.
Tom watched Mary put sugar in her coffee.
Tom watched Mary go.
Tom wasn't supposed to be here until after Mary arrived.
Tom wasn't supposed to be here until 2:30.
Tom wasn't in his room this morning.
Tom wasn't expecting this.
Tom wasn't at home yesterday.
Tom was whistling a song his mother had taught him.
Tom was wearing a mask to conceal his identity.
Tom was wearing a cowboy hat.
Tom was walking down the street with Mary at his side.
Tom was very brave.
Tom was utterly disappointed.
Tom was up all night studying.
Tom was the only one hurt.
Tom was supposed to meet me at 2:30.
Tom was supposed to help me paint the barn yesterday, but he never showed up.
Tom was supposed to be here for a week.
Tom was standing in the doorway.
Tom was standing in front of Mary.
Tom was smart not to sell his house at that time.
Tom was sitting at his computer.
Tom was severely beaten.
Tom was sent here to take over.
Tom was right.
Tom was quite handsome when he was young.
Tom was quite good-looking when he was young.
Tom was outside the movie theater.
Tom was on television last week.
Tom was my hero.
Tom was my best friend when I was a kid.
Tom was much stronger when he was younger.
Tom was married back then.
Tom was listening to his iPod as he worked out.
Tom was just asking who you are.
Tom was incredible.
Tom was in his underwear.
Tom was in a wheelchair.
Tom was holding a small box in his hands.
Tom was here before I was.
Tom was here a minute ago.
Tom was having car trouble.
Tom was happy working in the garden.
Tom was happy selling shoes.
Tom was gunned down in the street in front of the church.
Tom was flirting with Mary.
Tom was electrocuted.
Tom was depressed.
Tom was chewing on a toothpick.
Tom was born premature.
Tom was being questioned by the police in the next room.
Tom was arrested.
Tom was appalled by what Mary did.
Tom was alone on the park bench.
Tom was afraid to say anything.
Tom was about to leave when Mary knocked on the door.
Tom was about to be shot, but he didn't know it.
Tom was about to be kissed, but he didn't know it.
Tom was about to be killed, but he didn't know it.
Tom was abducted.
Tom was a very funny man.
Tom was a fussy baby.
Tom wants you to take the garbage out.
Tom wants to talk to you.
Tom wants to talk to me later at the bar.
Tom wants to take you home.
Tom wants to sell everything in his garage.
Tom wants to play.
Tom wants to know why you're not working here anymore.
Tom wants to know where you've hidden the key.
Tom wants to know what to do with all the stuff you left in his garage.
Tom wants to know what to do next.
Tom wants to help.
Tom wants to get married.
Tom wants me to apologize.
Tom wants a kiss.
Tom wanted to see Mary.
Tom wanted to protect Mary.
Tom wanted to leave, but he couldn't.
Tom wanted to do something really nice for Mary.
Tom wanted me to tell you to buy a couple of loaves of bread on your way home.
Tom wanted me to leave the door unlocked.
Tom wanted Mary to get a tattoo.
Tom walked toward the entrance.
Tom walked through the door.
Tom walked over to the desk.
Tom walked out of the room.
Tom walked out in the hallway.
Tom walked into the living room.
Tom walked into Mary's room.
Tom walked into Mary's office.
Tom walked into Mary's bedroom.
Tom walked in the room.
Tom used to hang out with Mary and John.
Tom used to hang out at the pool.
Tom used to dream of playing professional baseball.
Tom used to be our handyman.
Tom used to bake us cookies.
Tom unlocked the front gate.
Tom unfolded the piece of paper.
Tom typed in the password.
Tom turned the knob and pushed the door open.
Tom turned right and Mary headed the other way.
Tom turned pale.
Tom turned out to be just like his father.
Tom turned on the light.
Tom turned off the water.
Tom turned around.
Tom tripped and fell.
Tom tried to stay calm.
Tom tried to save me.
Tom tried to pick up his keys with his toes.
Tom tried to open the door.
Tom tried to kill me.
Tom tried to avoid being captured.
Tom tried not to hurt Mary.
Tom tricked Mary into paying for his ticket.
Tom took the whole day off.
Tom took the ring off his finger.
Tom took the bottle of Scotch from his briefcase and handed it to Mary.
Tom took some money out of his pocket and put it on the table.
Tom took out his wallet and paid the bill.
Tom took off running when he heard the sirens.
Tom took off his shirt.
Tom took off his bicycle helmet and put it on the table.
Tom took a blanket off the bed and wrapped it around himself.
Tom told me who you were asking to the prom.
Tom told me that he wasn't feeling very good.
Tom told me that he was lonely.
Tom told me that he was happy.
Tom told me that he wants to go to Boston.
Tom told me not to say anything to you.
Tom told Mary to go home.
Tom told his son not to speak with his mouth full.
Tom threatened me. He said if I didn't give him the money, he'd cut off one of my fingers.
Tom thought quite highly of you.
Tom thought it was rude to talk to Mary the way John did.
Tom thinks quite highly of Mary.
Tom thinks Mary is still alive.
Tom thinks Mary chickened out.
Tom thinks I'm too picky.
Tom thinks he knows what will happen next.
Tom taught me how to cook.
Tom taught Mary how to cook.
Tom tapped on the window.
Tom talks about Mary all the time.
Tom struggled to free himself.
Tom stopped running and tried to catch his breath.
Tom stood up and walked to the window.
Tom stood up and headed for the door.
Tom stood behind Mary.
Tom stole your money.
Tom still doesn't really like Mary much.
Tom stepped out into the hallway.
Tom stepped on some broken glass.
Tom stepped off the train.
Tom stepped off the bus with a big smile on his face.
Tom stepped into the shower.
Tom stepped forward to kiss Mary, but she stepped back.
Tom started walking towards Mary.
Tom started to walk away.
Tom started to unbutton his shirt.
Tom started to laugh.
Tom started loading the gun.
Tom started laughing.
Tom started giving Mary CPR.
Tom stared at the gun in Mary's hand.
Tom stared at the envelope in Mary's hand, wondering who the letter was from.
Tom stabbed Mary in the stomach.
Tom spoke to Mary.
Tom spoke into the microphone.
Tom sounds exhausted.
Tom slowly walked backwards.
Tom slipped and fell.
Tom slammed down the phone.
Tom sits in front of his computer eight hours a day.
Tom sits at his computer eight hours a day.
Tom shut the door to his room.
Tom shut the door behind him.
Tom showed up three days later.
Tom showed up at the party wearing a suit and tie.
Tom showed up at the party dressed like a pirate.
Tom showed me how to do it.
Tom showed Mary a few coins.
Tom shouldn't have told me.
Tom shouldn't have told Mary what John did.
Tom shouldn't have told Mary about John.
Tom shouldn't have done that.
Tom should've been here by now.
Tom should hear about this.
Tom should be here.
Tom shot me in the leg.
Tom shook his head.
Tom shivered uncontrollably.
Tom shifted gears.
Tom sent me a note.
Tom sent Mary a birthday card.
Tom seems to like Boston.
Tom seems to have vanished.
Tom seems to actually be enjoying himself.
Tom seems stressed.
Tom seems so nice.
Tom seems sincere.
Tom seems nice.
Tom seems like a great kid.
Tom seems comfortable.
Tom seems anxious.
Tom seems a little nervous.
Tom seemed nice.
Tom seemed lost.
Tom scares me.
Tom says he saw everything.
Tom says he never thought about that.
Tom says he needs a nap.
Tom says he doesn't want a girlfriend.
Tom says he doesn't remember a thing.
Tom says he can't sleep.
Tom saw the video.
Tom saw Mary walking towards her car.
Tom saw Mary sitting alone on a park bench.
Tom saw Mary in the audience.
Tom sat on the curb.
Tom sat in the darkness.
Tom sat down on the couch.
Tom sat down next to Mary.
Tom sat alone at a table near the window.
Tom said that I should obey the teacher.
Tom said that he was unhappy.
Tom said that he was planning on getting there early.
Tom said that he was lonely.
Tom said that he was feeling tired.
Tom said Mary was dishonest.
Tom said I needed to put on some sunscreen.
Tom said he'd call at 2:30.
Tom said he'd be here, but I can't find him.
Tom said he'd be here by 2:30.
Tom said he'd be disappointed if we couldn't come.
Tom said he wasn't disappointed.
Tom said he had to tell someone about his problems.
Tom said he didn't know the answer.
Tom rolled up his sleeves.
Tom rolled his eyes.
Tom rolled down the window.
Tom ripped me off.
Tom responded instantly.
Tom resisted the urge to scream.
Tom reluctantly gave Mary what she asked for.
Tom really cares about you.
Tom realized he was alone.
Tom read the letter aloud.
Tom reached out his hand.
Tom reached for the dictionary on the top shelf.
Tom reached for his knife.
Tom ran towards the bushes.
Tom ran to catch up with Mary.
Tom raked up all the leaves.
Tom put the book down.
Tom put his wallet on the table.
Tom put his gun under his pillow.
Tom put his gun down.
Tom put his arms around Mary.
Tom pushed Mary off the edge of the cliff.
Tom pushed Mary into the pool.
Tom pulled up in his car.
Tom pulled the ring off his finger.
Tom pulled out his phone.
Tom pulled out a knife.
Tom promised to help.
Tom probably won't even go.
Tom pretended he was still asleep.
Tom prefers to park behind the house.
Tom poured himself a drink.
Tom pointed to one of the pictures and said, "Who's that?"
Tom pointed his gun at Mary.
Tom pocketed the keys.
Tom picked up the phone.
Tom picked up a folder.
Tom picked the book off the floor.
Tom passed out.
Tom passed away three months ago.
Tom packed a lunch for Mary to take to school.
Tom ordered this drink for you.
Tom ordered pizza.
Tom opened the freezer and got some ice for his drink.
Tom opened the door.
Tom opened the door and walked in.
Tom opened the box and looked inside.
Tom opened the apartment door and walked in.
Tom opened his suitcase.
Tom opened his eyes and saw Mary.
Tom offered Mary a chair.
Tom never thought of the future.
Tom never thought about the future.
Tom never mentioned any of this.
Tom never listens to me.
Tom never lets his children watch TV after 10:p.m.
Tom never had a chance.
Tom never came back.
Tom needs to buy time.
Tom needs me.
Tom needs help.
Tom needs a favor.
Tom needed the cash.
Tom must have been asleep.
Tom must be stopped.
Tom must be shown how to do what needs to be done.
Tom must be helped.
Tom moved out last night.
Tom misses you.
Tom misses Mary.
Tom might be right.
Tom may not give Mary a choice.
Tom may know where Mary is.
Tom made me do that.
Tom made Mary stop.
Tom made his choice.
Tom made eye contact with Mary.
Tom made a promise to Mary that he would never leave her.
Tom made a funny face.
Tom made a decision.
Tom lowered his voice.
Tom looks sick.
Tom looks relieved.
Tom looks proud of his son.
Tom looks like you.
Tom looks like a million bucks.
Tom looks guilty.
Tom looks frustrated.
Tom looks familiar.
Tom looks exhausted.
Tom looks disgusted.
Tom looks different.
Tom looks crushed.
Tom looks confused.
Tom looks annoyed.
Tom looks angry.
Tom looks agitated.
Tom looks a little nervous.
Tom looked relieved.
Tom looked in the mirror again.
Tom looked great.
Tom looked at the half-open door and wondered what was on the other side.
Tom looked at the floor.
Tom looked at the clock.
Tom looked at Mary.
Tom looked at his watch.
Tom looked around the room.
Tom looked around the place.
Tom looked a bit surprised.
Tom loaned me that DVD.
Tom lives on a boat.
Tom likes maple syrup on his pancakes.
Tom likes it hot.
Tom likes it cold.
Tom likes his beer really cold.
Tom liked that idea.
Tom lied to you.
Tom let me in.
Tom left with Mary.
Tom left me with no choice.
Tom left after breakfast.
Tom left a note.
Tom leaned over and picked the coin up.
Tom leaned on the counter.
Tom leaned back in his chair.
Tom leads a quiet life.
Tom laughed at his own joke.
Tom knows where Mary is.
Tom knows what's really going on.
Tom knows something that he's not telling us.
Tom knows Mary better than he knows anyone else.
Tom knows Mary better than anyone.
Tom knows Mary better than anyone else.
Tom knows Mary better than anyone else does.
Tom knows he's right.
Tom knows he has to help Mary tomorrow.
Tom knows he has no choice.
Tom knew the risks.
Tom knew it was wrong to do what he was doing.
Tom knew I was coming.
Tom kissed Mary's forehead.
Tom kissed Mary passionately.
Tom kissed Mary on the neck.
Tom kissed Mary on both cheeks.
Tom kissed Mary and then went to work.
Tom kissed Mary and left.
Tom kind of looks like John.
Tom kicked over a chair.
Tom kicked open the door.
Tom kept my lighter.
Tom keeps hanging up on me.
Tom just went on vacation.
Tom just went inside.
Tom just wanted to be neighborly.
Tom just stared at Mary.
Tom just showed up.
Tom just showed up at work.
Tom just sat there looking bored.
Tom just left a few minutes ago.
Tom just got out of jail.
Tom just got carried away.
Tom just disappeared.
Tom just couldn't say no.
Tom just couldn't help himself.
Tom just called Mary a hippie.
Tom isn't wearing a belt.
Tom isn't supposed to be here.
Tom isn't in jail.
Tom isn't in charge.
Tom isn't happy.
Tom isn't dead.
Tom isn't breathing.
Tom isn't afraid of you.
Tom isn't a stranger.
Tom is working.
Tom is working late.
Tom is wide awake.
Tom is wearing a neck brace.
Tom is wearing a blue bandana on his head.
Tom is walking down the hall.
Tom is walking down the corridor.
Tom is waiting for you.
Tom is waiting for Mary.
Tom is very good at his job.
Tom is utterly disorientated.
Tom is usually with his friends.
Tom is upstairs.
Tom is up to something.
Tom is unstoppable.
Tom is unpacking his suitcase.
Tom is too young.
Tom is too far away.
Tom is their leader.
Tom is the only witness. There are no other witnesses.
Tom is the one who did this.
Tom is the boss.
Tom is telling the truth.
Tom is taking a bath in my bathtub.
Tom is supposed to be here by now.
Tom is still unconscious.
Tom is still skeptical.
Tom is still crying.
Tom is still asleep.
Tom is still alive.
Tom is sound asleep.
Tom is sitting on the couch.
Tom is sitting at his desk.
Tom is scared.
Tom is right there.
Tom is reluctant to leave.
Tom is quite photogenic.
Tom is paid by the hour.
Tom is on the dock.
Tom is on his way to the airport.
Tom is on his way over.
Tom is on his way here.
Tom is on his cell phone.
Tom is not who you think he is.
Tom is not welcome in this house.
Tom is not welcome in our home.
Tom is not the one who borrowed my car.
Tom is not going to forget that.
Tom is not coming.
Tom is not a suspect anymore.
Tom is no fun.
Tom is never wrong.
Tom is my husband.
Tom is my hero.
Tom is missing.
Tom is missing a finger.
Tom is miserable.
Tom is married.
Tom is looking at me.
Tom is looking at it.
Tom is just frightened.
Tom is just a friend from school.
Tom is in trouble.
Tom is in the shower.
Tom is in the other room getting dressed.
Tom is in the other room drinking vodka.
Tom is in the hospital.
Tom is in the attic.
Tom is in a coma.
Tom is ignoring you.
Tom is holding a knife.
Tom is hiding something.
Tom is handsome.
Tom is going to need some more money.
Tom is going to cry.
Tom is going to be fine.
Tom is getting stronger.
Tom is furious.
Tom is even scared of Mary.
Tom is dumbfounded.
Tom is driving a truck.
Tom is disappointed.
Tom is desperate.
Tom is dead.
Tom is confused.
Tom is coming back.
Tom is behind you.
Tom is barely alive.
Tom is back in town.
Tom is awfully quiet today.
Tom is at the door.
Tom is at the bar.
Tom is at the airport.
Tom is asleep on the couch.
Tom is angry now.
Tom is an orphan.
Tom is an old friend.
Tom is already there.
Tom is already in Boston.
Tom is already getting dressed.
Tom is all dressed up.
Tom is about to go.
Tom is a smart kid.
Tom is a regular.
Tom is a guest.
Tom is a great kid.
Tom is a good friend.
Tom is a billionaire.
Tom hung up the phone.
Tom hung up on Mary.
Tom helped us a lot.
Tom helped Mary to her feet.
Tom helped because he wanted to.
Tom helped a lot.
Tom held up his end of the deal.
Tom held up his end of the bargain.
Tom held the gun to Mary's head.
Tom held the gun to his head.
Tom held Mary tight.
Tom heard his name being called.
Tom heard footsteps approaching.
Tom headed for the door.
Tom hates you.
Tom hates me.
Tom hasn't told me anything.
Tom hasn't moved for over an hour.
Tom hasn't had a fight with anybody lately.
Tom hasn't done much in a while.
Tom hasn't budged for over an hour.
Tom has two DUIs.
Tom has to go home.
Tom has to get out of here before the police get here.
Tom has tattoos all over his body.
Tom has passed out.
Tom has never yelled at Mary.
Tom has never had a job.
Tom has never had a good job.
Tom has meetings all day today.
Tom has just spotted Mary.
Tom has information that we need.
Tom has information that Mary needs.
Tom has his father's eyes.
Tom has decided not to go to college.
Tom has broken our engagement.
Tom has been up all night.
Tom has been sending Mary flowers.
Tom has been receiving death threats.
Tom has been nothing but trouble.
Tom has been looking for another lawyer.
Tom has been living in Boston for the past couple of years.
Tom has been hurt.
Tom has been following me.
Tom has been following me around.
Tom has been crying all night.
Tom has a secret admirer.
Tom has a scar just below his left eye.
Tom has a huge bruise on his right leg.
Tom has a drug problem.
Tom handed the knife to Mary.
Tom handed Mary some pictures.
Tom handed Mary some money.
Tom handed Mary a twenty-dollar bill.
Tom handed Mary a note.
Tom handed Mary a knife.
Tom handed Mary a glass of red wine.
Tom handed Mary a cup.
Tom handed a cup to Mary.
Tom handed a cocktail to Mary.
Tom had no place else to go.
Tom had no choice.
Tom had my permission to do what he did.
Tom had his head chopped off.
Tom had been severely beaten.
Tom grabbed Mary's arm and pulled her towards the door.
Tom grabbed his jacket and headed for the door.
Tom grabbed his coat.
Tom grabbed his bag.
Tom got up and left the room.
Tom got remarried recently.
Tom got out of the car.
Tom got out of bed and got dressed.
Tom got off his horse.
Tom got in the car.
Tom goes everywhere by himself.
Tom gave Mary some tips on how to use chopsticks.
Tom gave Mary another wink.
Tom gave Mary a quick kiss.
Tom gave Mary a bottle of wine.
Tom gave John some of his clothes.
Tom found out what Mary did.
Tom forced me to open the box.
Tom forced Mary to give him the money.
Tom flopped down on his bed.
Tom flipped open his cell phone and made a call.
Tom fired his rifle.
Tom finished loading the truck.
Tom finished his drink.
Tom fell out of love with Mary.
Tom fastened his seat belt.
Tom eventually calmed down.
Tom entered the password.
Tom entered his password.
Tom ducked down.
Tom drank a glass of wine.
Tom doesn't usually say anything.
Tom doesn't seem to mind that his daughter is dating John.
Tom doesn't seem to like himself very much.
Tom doesn't seem like himself.
Tom doesn't remember anything.
Tom doesn't need my help.
Tom doesn't need a lawyer.
Tom doesn't live here.
Tom doesn't listen to anyone.
Tom doesn't let Mary go shopping by herself.
Tom doesn't let anyone touch him.
Tom doesn't know.
Tom doesn't know where we are.
Tom doesn't know what's really going on.
Tom doesn't know how to reply.
Tom doesn't know anything.
Tom doesn't know anything about that.
Tom doesn't know about Mary's death yet.
Tom doesn't have anybody.
Tom doesn't have any family.
Tom doesn't have a sense of humor.
Tom doesn't have a home.
Tom doesn't have a cat. However, Tom does have a dog, doesn't he?
Tom doesn't have a car. He just uses Mary's.
Tom doesn't hate you.
Tom doesn't deserve a second chance.
Tom dismounted the horse.
Tom dismounted his motorcycle.
Tom disappeared into his room.
Tom died when we were young.
Tom died when Mary was still in her teens.
Tom died the same way Mary did.
Tom died from a scorpion sting.
Tom died alone.
Tom didn't want Mary to get a tattoo.
Tom didn't tell us everything.
Tom didn't tell me.
Tom didn't tell me why.
Tom didn't seem to be disappointed.
Tom didn't see it.
Tom didn't say anything about why he was late.
Tom didn't say anything about where he'd come from.
Tom didn't notice a thing.
Tom didn't mention that.
Tom didn't mention Mary.
Tom didn't look very well.
Tom didn't kill Mary.
Tom didn't kill himself.
Tom didn't kill anybody.
Tom didn't have much of a choice.
Tom didn't have anything to do with the scandal.
Tom didn't have a choice.
Tom didn't have a chance to visit Mary when he was in Boston.
Tom didn't even look at the report that Mary gave him.
Tom didn't come home for dinner.
Tom didn't answer right away.
Tom did it, didn't he?
Tom dialed the number again.
Tom cut school.
Tom cracked up.
Tom couldn't possibly be over thirty.
Tom couldn't help but smile.
Tom couldn't have done what you say he did.
Tom couldn't have done it.
Tom couldn't find Mary.
Tom couldn't find his shoes.
Tom couldn't decode the secret message.
Tom couldn't believe how cute Mary was.
Tom could no longer hide his fear.
Tom could be anywhere.
Tom could be a cop.
Tom continued to honk the horn.
Tom comes here every single day.
Tom comes here every day.
Tom collapsed on the floor.
Tom closed the door behind him.
Tom closed his eyes and went to sleep.
Tom climbed up onto the roof.
Tom climbed into his truck.
Tom claims that he has never killed anyone.
Tom checked the time.
Tom checked his watch.
Tom checked his pants pockets.
Tom chased after Mary.
Tom canceled our date. He said he had to work late.
Tom can't walk.
Tom can't stay.
Tom can't stay here by himself.
Tom can't stay here alone.
Tom can't see you.
Tom can't hurt you.
Tom can't hurt me.
Tom can't hear you.
Tom can't handle the truth.
Tom can't find his shoes.
Tom can't find his keys.
Tom can't control himself.
Tom can't be serious.
Tom can show you around.
Tom can hear you.
Tom came to help.
Tom came on his own.
Tom came by himself.
Tom came at me with a knife.
Tom came at me with a knife in his hand.
Tom called Mary instead of John.
Tom buttoned up his shirt.
Tom bumped into Mary.
Tom brought a date to the party.
Tom broke my nose.
Tom bought Mary a present.
Tom bought it for me.
Tom bought a pair of cheap shoes, but they didn't last very long.
Tom blew Mary a kiss.
Tom bent down to pick up something off the floor.
Tom backed away.
Tom asked me out.
Tom asked me out again.
Tom asked Mary to the prom.
Tom asked Mary a question.
Tom asked for my opinion.
Tom and Mary were very close.
Tom and Mary were out on the balcony at two in the morning.
Tom and Mary were finally alone.
Tom and Mary were both talking at the same time.
Tom and Mary went outside.
Tom and Mary want you to find someone to babysit for them.
Tom and Mary stopped kissing.
Tom and Mary stopped hugging.
Tom and Mary stared at each other.
Tom and Mary never got along.
Tom and Mary killed themselves.
Tom and Mary aren't talking to each other anymore.
Tom and Mary aren't scared of John.
Tom and Mary are in Tom's car.
Tom and Mary are fighting. Please do something.
Tom always liked you.
Tom always checks the caller ID before he answers the phone.
Tom acted like a jerk.
Ignore what Tom said.
Ignore Tom.
Answer my question.
Leave your umbrella at the front door.
I can't stop thinking about you.
I dare my parents to do this!
"If you're not happy with your purchase, you can return it at any time." "Could I get that in writing?"
I dare you to try to stop me.
I dare you to say that again.
I dare you to jump over this ditch.
I dare you to call Tom a sissy.
China has to move from an assembly-copying-manufacturing economy to a knowledge-services-innovation economy.
We must make it!
We have to make it!
I just want a clear answer.
He is talking on the phone.
The local restaurant is awful.
Asbestos is nasty stuff and it can cause lung cancer if you breathe in the dust
She wants to buy a present for her boyfriend.
I'm sorry, I'll do whatever it takes to repair it.
Is that your mother?
They have their own culture.
Anybody knows who Florence is?
I wish I had one.
Which album could it be?
There are many books about George Harrison, and it seems there is no mention of a Florence.
George Harrison was a gentleman all his life!
George was always my favorite.
I need some milk.
He hopes to visit Paris.
Would you do me a favour?
She has a very open personality.
The house next door is a bit loud. I wonder if they're throwing a party.
Hearing that a transfer student was coming, the class buzzed with excitement.
The rain that was drizzling when I got on to the train is now pouring.
When I see the soundly sleeping face of my daughter, I think, "I will give it my all tomorrow, too."
She is meditating.
She's meditating.
It's a brain-teaser.
She's a desperate housewife.
These housewives are desperate.
Everybody loves Tom.
Everybody loves my cat.
This TV show tackles issues of teenage pregnancy and homosexuality.
This show is too racy for teenagers.
He was accused of corrupting morals and spreading dangerous ideas.
Your hands are cold.
You've got to be kidding!
He has an attitude problem.
The suspect was taken into custody.
She doesn't like it here.
I think he doesn't like it here.
You have to respect your elders.
Come on, tell us the whole story!
I want to eat steak.
Dolphins are good swimmers.
Sharks are good swimmers.
I don't want to be rich.
I want to be rich.
Just watch me.
You like me, don't you?
Why don't you like me?
Thank you for doing this.
There is some truth to this.
There's some truth to this.
There may be some truth to this.
We weren't doing anything!
He was killed by his own brother.
She was killed by her own sister.
Do you have an alibi?
Everything is relative.
There is no turning back now.
You have nothing to lose.
This is a beautiful book.
Wood floats.
This is wrong.
She fell asleep.
You are very pretty in those clothes.
That accident is a very good example of what happens when you're not careful.
I believe, beyond a shadow of a doubt, that she is innocent.
We're just friends.
He's stupid and arrogant.
We want justice.
We demand justice.
The bathroom is dirty.
Your room is dirty.
Can you spare a minute?
You could use some sleep.
I could use some sleep.
This is the tricky part.
You're not making any sense.
It's virtually impossible.
The pay is good.
This is sabotage.
There's something I'd like to show you.
My Spanish dictionary says not to use the word "desgraciado" in Ecuador.
I'd be happy to show it to you.
It's part of the job.
What are you unhappy about? Let it out and let everyone cheer you up a bit.
Physicians must confront ageism.
What do tigers eat?
Who stole the sheets from the bed?
Don't sleep long.
How can you shorten this cable?
What should you do if you find a big spider on your bed?
Why are my students lazy?
Why do you go to bed late?
He sleeps with his shoes on.
You have to do to work. Work won't come to you.
You forgot his name.
"What is the time?" "It is twenty minutes to three."
He's an unlucky guy.
Be pretty and shut up!
How many times do you feed the fish?
Your little sentence is too neat.
I got inked.
I still remember he loves cheese.
I'll show you mine if you show me yours.
When I play with my cat, how do I know that she's not entertaining herself with me rather than I with her?
In the name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful.
Praise be to Allah!
It may be that my Lord guideth me unto a nearer way of truth than this.
Remember thy Lord when thou forgettest.
The truth from the Lord of you.
The truth from the Lord of you all.
You have many friends.
Once washed, the lining will look brand new.
He has many friends.
She has many friends.
We have many friends.
Mary has many friends.
A stranger came up to you and asked you the time.
Both my brothers are teachers.
Both your brothers are teachers.
Both her brothers are teachers.
Both our brothers are teachers.
Both their brothers are teachers.
A stranger came up to him and asked him the time.
A stranger came up to her and asked her the time.
A stranger came up to us and asked as the time.
A stranger came up to them and asked them the time.
Call him this evening.
Call her this evening.
Call us this evening.
Call them this evening.
Call Mary this evening.
Call Tom this evening.
Call Tom and Mary this evening.
Call him up if you want him.
I can not understand how everyone said the Holy War occured for a good cause.
Lidia still hasn't looked at her mail.
We allow it!
That color doesn't look good on me.
The car comes from the right.
I know it from him.
It's on the table.
You will help me!
I will fly to Germany.
I'm talking about it.
I am bored.
I am not thirsty.
It's an oxymoron.
Do you mean me?
Pollution is everywhere.
Don't worry!
I spoke with my family.
You won't believe this!
We'll be waiting.
I'll be waiting.
They won't believe it.
He won't believe it.
She won't believe it.
Tom told us he'd be waiting in front of the post office.
He was more than happy to do it.
She was more than happy to do it.
I don't think there's any chance that Tom will believe that.
I'll be more than happy to help.
Tom said that he'd be more than happy to help Mary weed the garden.
Close your eyes and take a deep breath.
This book will change your life.
I want to tell you something, but it's a secret. Promise not to tell.
Is there anything you need to tell me?
I told them nothing.
I told him nothing.
I told her nothing.
He looked pleased.
She looked pleased.
I'll be waiting for you at 2:in front of the school.
You won't believe what I just saw.
You won't believe what Tom just did.
You won't believe who I just saw.
You won't believe how much money Tom gave me for my old car.
You won't believe where Tom and Mary went for their honeymoon.
She seemed very surprised when I told her about it.
He seemed very surprised when I told him about it.
She seemed surprised when I told her.
He seemed surprised when I told him.
Tom seemed quite surprised when he heard that Mary and John had gotten married.
Tom didn't seem surprised when he heard that Mary and John had gotten married.
He's eager to speak to you.
She's eager to speak to you.
It's almost impossible.
It's nearly impossible.
"I can't sleep." "Me neither."
Once you start eating popcorn, it's nearly impossible to stop.
Once you start eating popcorn, it's almost impossible to stop.
I'm not interested.
He's a jovial man.
I'm not interested in anything Tom has to say.
I'm not interested in science fiction.
I'm not interested in going to the baseball game.
You've got a deal.
He has a second job.
Am I interrupting something?
I can take care of myself.
She's nothing but trouble.
He's nothing but trouble.
They must be punished.
I'm not laughing.
Tom said he wasn't interested in Mary, but he seemed to always be looking towards the side of the room where she was.
Tom warned Mary that John was nothing but trouble. However, she ignored his warning.
This is incorrect.
This isn't correct.
This isn't right.
That place is a shithole.
I was disappointed by the new iOS maps.
Something is moving behind the bush.
It was worth the wait.
The dog breathed with difficulty.
It is time to go.
Anytime you want.
"May I come over to your house?" "Anytime you want."
You may borrow my car anytime you want.
You may borrow my car anytime you want to.
They're coming to our house. We aren't going to their house.
That changes nothing.
Do you see that?
Do you have a lot to do today?
I have a lot to do.
He is just now speaking with her.
Paul makes it a rule not to be late for appointments.
Where are you going the day after tomorrow?
The rain is wonderful.
I have to go home already.
I play football now. And you? What are you doing?
I'm playing football at the moment. And you, what are you doing?
It is best that we speak with a specialist.
We need the rain.
I'm happy.
We need rain.
I received a letter from one of my friends in Japan.
She is running.
It seems my clock is slightly off.
Will this stuff jeopardize my health?
Nasa's Mars rover has found an ancient streambed.
The lie sounds good, but I'd like to listen to the unembellished truth.
Would you like to know the truth about this event?
I cannot accept your present.
I can't accept your gift.
I don't have books to read.
Travel the world!
That doesn't change anything.
I don't think this is a wasp.
Tom wouldn't just leave like that. He'd have at least said goodbye.
Tom won't be killing anybody else.
Tom won't be going anywhere else.
Tom won't be eating anything else.
Tom went upstairs to the attic.
Tom was stuck in a crowded elevator.
Tom was shirtless and barefoot.
Tom was in the classroom when I left.
Tom walked over to the filing cabinet.
Tom walked down the stairs.
Tom turned on the light and walked in.
Tom tried to save Mary's life.
Tom tried to read Mary's name tag.
Tom took his reading glasses off.
Tom still has to pay the bill.
Tom still has to fix this somehow.
Tom still has to finish painting the fence.
Tom stepped aside and let Mary walk in.
Tom slammed on the brakes.
Tom says you keep hanging up on him.
Tom says Mary keeps hanging up on him.
Tom saw what Mary did.
Tom saw something on the floor.
Tom saw people starting to leave, so he decided to leave, too.
Tom saw Mary walking up the steps.
Tom saw Mary coming towards him.
Tom saw Mary and John arguing.
Tom sat in the driver's seat and adjusted the rearview mirror.
Tom said it was difficult to choose.
Tom returned to the living room.
Tom realizes Mary doesn't like him very much.
Tom realized that Mary was right.
Tom put the cups on the shelf.
Tom put the bird back in the cage.
Tom pulled a box from under the bed.
Tom poured milk into the blender.
Tom poured Mary some more wine.
Tom poured himself another beer.
Tom opened his eyes and looked around.
Tom opened his duffel bag.
Tom noticed the front door was open.
Tom made an impressive presentation.
Tom looked at Mary and so did John.
Tom looked around for his camera.
Tom leaned down and picked up a rock.
Tom knew who I was trying to get to join our team.
Tom knew who I was trying to find.
Tom knew who I was before I told him.
Tom isn't your typical stockbroker.
Tom is over there standing by the window.
Tom is on the phone talking to Mary.
Tom is in his car waiting for Mary.
Tom is buying some flowers for Mary.
Tom hopes that he can visit Boston before he dies.
Tom helped Mary with the laundry.
Tom heard someone humming his favorite tune.
Tom handed Mary the letter.
Tom handed Mary the letter opener.
Tom grabbed his camera and went outside.
Tom got on a horse and followed Mary.
Tom gave Mary the key to the Vespa.
Tom followed Mary into the office.
Tom entered the kitchen.
Tom doesn't get out of the city much.
Tom didn't know Mary was at the club.
Tom didn't even look at Mary.
Tom danced on top of the bar.
Tom couldn't take his eyes off of Mary.
Tom closed his eyes and fell asleep.
Tom cleaned out the car.
Tom certainly didn't seem to be expecting us.
Tom came out of his hiding place.
Tom brought Mary a glass of water.
Tom bought some flowers for Mary.
Tom began to pull on his jeans.
Yesterday I went to the opera.
Do you know if he can come to us tomorrow?
I learn German in order to have more opportunities in the profession.
We are both friends.
Every day is a gift.
I am reading a letter.
The teacher speaks softly.
The teacher speaks quietly.
You have the right to be creative.
I got hurt while running.
His new book received accolades from the magazines.
He was accorded permission to use the device.
I was accosted by a complete stranger at the bus stop.
Men are sincere.
The interest on his bank account accrued over the years.
Actually his work has reached the acme of perfection.
After the entrée comes the main dish.
After the main dish comes the dessert.
What are binaural beats?
I was going to say a year.
I want to see them!
I wanna see them!
The temperature fell to five degrees below zero.
I'm losing my soul.
I am losing my soul.
Politeness is just a protocol that is different in every society.
A protocol is used when computers intercommunicate, just as human beings do.
You can build a pinhole camera with a shoe box.
I'm not Uyghur. I'm Russian.
My older brother is a very good person.
Do you agree with me?
Dad went to the bank because he was short of money.
How many bridges are there across the River Thames?
John walked over the bridge and crossed the road.
Some attention should be paid to word order, gender and declension.
Turn in your test papers.
Open your books to page 86.
Come to the front of the classroom.
Show me your homework.
Tell me what you think about Tom.
Look both ways before you cross the road.
Don't you tell me what to say.
Don't you dare feel sorry for me.
Don't you dare do that again.
Don't tamper with anything else.
Don't tell me you didn't know.
He is madly jealous of his woman.
Do you really want to be a soldier?
Do you really want to be immortal?
Do you really want to live forever?
Do you really want to be like Tom?
Do you really want to buy anything from Tom?
Do you really want to do that?
Do you really want to drive all night?
Do you really want to drop out of high school?
Do you really want to eat that?
Do you really want to get married?
Do you really want to get more done?
Do you really want to go to Boston again?
Do you really want to go to Boston by yourself?
Do you really want to go to the party with Tom?
Do you really want to have children?
Do you really want to have kids?
Do you really want to know if Tom likes you?
Do you really want to know the truth?
Do you really want to know why I didn't do what you asked me to do?
Do you really want to know why Tom doesn't like you?
Do you really want to live in a hotel?
Do you really want to live in Boston?
Do you really want to lose weight?
Do you really want to pitch your tent this close to the river?
Do you really want to put your money in that bank?
Do you really want to quit school?
Do you really want to quit your job?
Do you really want to risk being stuck out here by yourself?
Do you really want to risk it?
Do you really want to run your own business?
Do you really want to sell your guitar?
Do you really want to sell your house right now?
Do you really want to spend the rest of your life in prison?
Do you really want to stay here for a week?
Do you really wanna talk about this now?
Do you really want to vote for Tom?
Do you really want to wait for Tom?
Do you really want to wait for two hours?
Do you really want to walk?
Do you really want to work at that company?
Do you really want to work for an ex-convict?
Do you really want to work in Boston?
The pen I lost yesterday was new.
Would you help me clean the bedroom?
The life span of a butterfly is short.
I think Tom was just in the wrong place at the wrong time.
Tom got injured because he was in the wrong place at the wrong time.
Tom was simply in the wrong place at the wrong time.
Unfortunately, Tom was in the wrong place at the wrong time.
Why don't you answer?
I am fed up with talking to you!
I sleep a lot during the day, so it feels like I'm warping through time.
I stayed home to rest.
At least I would not be alone.
Don't take my name off your list.
Don't leave my name off your list.
Tom and Mary are sitting at a table over near the jukebox.
Tom can't help but be suspicious.
Tom could feel the sun on his face.
Tom didn't let Mary play with the other children.
Tom didn't say whether he went to Mary's party or not.
Tom didn't say whether he would go to Mary's party or not.
Tom doesn't have to do that right away.
Tom doesn't seem to recognize Mary.
Tom doesn't want to have to fight you.
Tom drove Mary home in his sports car.
Tom followed Mary into the room.
Tom gave Mary a list of all the victims.
Tom got freaked out by what happened.
What happened freaked Tom out.
Tom got out from behind his desk and went over to open a window.
Tom got up and started to walk away.
Tom grabbed a letter opener off his desk.
Tom has been out of the office for a couple weeks.
Tom has been out of town since last Saturday.
Tom has had plenty of time.
Tom heard a cat meowing in the tree.
Tom is dead, isn't he?
Tom is like my own son.
Tom is on the computer.
Tom is putting stuff in his backpack.
Tom is the only one who can help you now.
Tom is unaware of what has happened.
Tom isn't one to complain.
Tom isn't one to gossip.
Tom kissed Mary on the cheek and then got into his car.
Tom knew that Mary was throwing a party.
Tom moved through the dimly-lit alley.
Tom needs to know what he's up against.
Tom never could hide a secret from Mary.
Tom picked a flower and smelled it.
Tom picked up a piece of the broken mirror.
Tom picked up something off the table.
Tom promised not to hurt Mary.
Tom promised not to hurt us.
Tom realized there was no toilet paper.
Tom realized there were no cars parked in front of the school.
Tom really should've been here by now.
Tom really should've checked in by now.
Tom really should've finished doing that by now.
Tom said that he told Mary to do her homework.
Tom saw his reflection in the mirror.
Tom saw Mary picking things up off the floor.
Tom thanked me for changing his life.
Tom took the morning off.
Tom tried to break up the fight between Mary and John.
Tom tried to stop it from happening.
Tom turned and saw Mary looking at him.
Tom turned on the hot water tap.
Tom unlocked his briefcase.
Tom unlocked the cage.
Tom used to come to work in a Ford.
Tom walked away from the restaurant.
Tom walked in through the front door.
Tom walked over to Mary and hugged her.
Tom wants to have a talk with Mary.
Tom wants to know how much ice cream Mary ate.
Tom wants to know what Mary did last weekend.
Tom wants to know when Mary will go shopping.
Tom wants to know where Mary went to high school.
Tom wants to know who Mary's boyfriend is.
Tom wants to know why Mary didn't go to school today.
Tom was just starting to trust Mary.
Tom wasn't looking where he was going.
Tom went to buy another pair of shoes.
Tom wouldn't leave me alone.
Tom, answer the door.
Tom, are you okay?
Tom, are you there?
Tom, how's it going?
Tom, is that you?
Tom, it's not your fault.
Tom, where are you?
Tom's car won't start.
Tom's cellphone rang and he answered it.
Tom's cellphone rang.
Tom's cellphone vibrated on the table.
Tom's house is on fire.
When I lived in Rome, I took the subway every day.
I really am sorry.
I'm sorry about the other day.
I'm sorry I couldn't be more helpful.
I'm sorry. I don't have a lot of time.
I'm sorry. I know I shouldn't have done that.
I'm sorry. That's really all I remember.
Like it or not, you have to do it.
Like it or not, you have to do that right away.
Like it or not, you have to go.
Like it or not, you have to take this medicine.
What is principle of equidistance?
I hope you are in a safe place.
Laws cannot be constant.
Let the fun begin!
The sun will shine again soon.
The sun shines brighter after the storm.
I can't believe that she did it to me.
I can't believe that she did that to me.
I cannot believe that she did that to me.
You are a pain in the neck!
My shoulders hurt.
I have a pain in my shoulders.
He talks too obliquely like a Chinese.
His world is full of insubstantialities because of so much indirect, veiled communication.
He regretted that he could not read the more academic logograms in the advanced book that he found trashed at the university.
His country is censored the world over, so that outsiders would not see the industrial pollution and the huge sterile apartment blocks therein.
His aunt urged him to learn a foreign language that he could use to emigrate out of the country.
The nurse tied a rubber tube around my arm before he drew blood.
All this impulse buying is going to leave you saddled with debt.
The psychologist asked me a whole battery of questions.
It's absolutely ridiculous.
Things escalated quickly.
That escalated quickly.
I see the girl.
Things spiraled out of control.
I love the smell of pancakes in the morning.
I love the smell of coffee in the morning.
I love the smell of napalm in the morning.
She has a son and a daughter.
Tom was sent away to an insane asylum.
I love dessert.
He was sent to a mental hospital.
She was sent to a mental hospital.
She jumped into her car.
He jumped into her car.
Ghosts do not exist.
Ghosts don't exist.
He's a ghost hunter.
She's a vampire hunter.
In retrospect, that decision was a mistake.
Tom, get us out of here!
I've seen her before.
I've seen him before.
He arrived with a pretty girl on his arm.
It's fun to go out with her.
It's fun to go out with him.
Is that even possible?
Why is that wrong?
I took that photo a week ago.
I took that picture a week ago.
You're such a good friend.
We took her to the hospital.
We took him to the hospital.
I took her to the hospital.
I took him to the hospital.
Will you join me?
I'm sorry, but it's no longer available.
We're sorry but this video is no longer available.
You shouldn't have come here.
I shouldn't have come here.
You must join me.
He was mad because he was not invited.
He was not invited.
She was not invited.
They were not invited.
I don't blame them.
I don't blame him.
I don't blame her.
It wasn't the first time.
It wasn't the first time they had done it.
It wasn't the first time and it won't be the last.
It was the final straw.
She speaks three languages.
He speaks four languages.
Thank you.
It was both energizing and exhausting.
I know exactly what you're talking about.
Tom wakes up at a.m. every morning.
She works at Hooters.
We're just chilling.
Tom collects comics.
He pretended to be sick.
She stayed home and pretended to be sick.
It's just not the same thing.
People don’t give a shit about what you feel or what you think.
I don’t give a fuck about what you think.
Tom is a forest ranger.
Darwin's work changes everything.
Darwin changed the world.
Darwin changed everything.
Darwin changed the way we see the world.
He's a creationist.
He does not believe in evolution.
In winter, we need to feed the birds.
In winter, we must feed the birds.
There are a lot of beautiful buildings in this town.
Our father goes to work by car.
Bob got into his car.
John's house is opposite the church.
The church was built in the fifteenth century.
That is not art. That is a vagina dentata.
Bob's father works in a car factory.
The dog jumped over the fence.
We squeezed through a hole in the fence.
Where's the nearest hotel?
I know a very nice little hotel quite close to here.
Can you tell me the way to the library?
Is that a library book or is it your own copy?
Grandma went to the market to buy food for the family.
I'm tired because I worked too much.
My parents want me to study medicine.
Shall we go to church by foot?
We spent the afternoon eating grapes.
We will get there in two hours.
My Spanish friend is called Enrique.
One learns from one's mistakes.
A group of American architects, product designers, engineers and scientists have developed the seven principles of universal design.
Who believes in God?
Say that again if you are a man!
He ate only bread and cakes.
I would have liked to come with you, but I didn't have time.
You are either with us or against us.
I hope you liked it and that you come back soon.
I hope you all liked it and that you all come back soon.
I can't laugh or cry.
You, probably, once again right.
Please, listen to me!
I buy what we need for the trip and the gifts for the children.
I do not know what you want from me.
I don't know what you want from me.
We need to have a talk.
We were just talking.
Death is permanent.
I'm sorry. I didn't know.
You look fine.
He's a homophobe.
I would have liked to come along, but I had no time.
She's a xenophobe.
He's a sexist.
She has no choice.
He has no choice.
I have no choice.
You have no choice.
I just ordered a coffee, because I was not hungry.
We have no choice.
They have no choice.
You're on top of the bell curve.
Do they have money?
Does she have money?
Does he have money?
He had such a bad headache that he had to cancel the meeting.
I can't give you that information.
I'm sorry, I'm not allowed to give you that information.
Tom apologized for falling asleep in class.
Keep her happy.
Keep him happy.
Keep them happy.
You have an overactive imagination.
You're not ready yet.
I can't go on like this.
It's considered a great honor.
What are the rules?
The real scandal is what’s legal.
This is outrageous!
I never told anyone.
He never told anyone.
She never told anyone.
This isn't healthy.
What do they want?
What does he want?
We only have a few hours.
I only have a few hours.
What's the minimum wager?
What's the minimum wage?
I found something.
Tom, answer me!
I was absolutely stunned.
Tom says he was absolutely stunned.
Can you show it to me?
Will you show it to me?
He believes in an afterlife.
She doesn't believe in an afterlife.
I have no idea of what's going on in there.
She was wearing a white T-shirt.
We're making progress.
I'm making progress.
I would also take a lot of money.
He cheated on me with another man's wife.
You can't ask me to do that.
You can't ask him to do that.
You can't ask her to do that.
I'll never do it again.
I promise I'll never do it again.
There's no way of telling.
Tom is hurt.
He's a florist.
The girls kissed each other at the bar.
They kissed each other.
I can't watch this anymore.
Kissing is fun.
The boy kissed the girl.
It's just a game.
He's part of the 1%.
Do we have to go?
I wasn't ready for it.
He wasn't ready for it.
She wasn't ready for it.
He was dazzled by her beauty.
I was dazzled by her beauty.
Get out of my sight!
It's my personal favorite.
Life is not fair.
Life is not fair. Get used to it.
He's a bad influence.
She's a bad influence.
I don't want anyone to take notes!
School is a waste of time.
School is not a waste of time.
Tom can't even read.
Tom can't read.
What more do you need?
When he finds out, he won't be happy.
When she finds out, she won't be happy.
When my dad finds out, he won't be happy.
When my mom finds out, she won't be happy.
When my wife finds out, she won't be happy.
When your husband finds out, he won't be happy.
It was a test.
You sound angry.
He sounds angry.
She sounds angry.
You have no proof.
He has no conscience.
She has no shame.
Tom and I are busy tonight.
Tom and Mary are engaged.
Tom and Mary are great friends.
Tom and Mary are kissing.
Tom and Mary are outside.
Tom and Mary are there with John now.
Tom and Mary are waiting.
Tom and Mary aren't coming.
Tom and Mary both are drinking the same thing.
Tom and Mary both don't know how to drive.
Tom and Mary both laughed.
Tom and Mary both started to laugh.
Tom and Mary both went to the same school.
Tom and Mary don't know that.
Tom and Mary don't know what they should do next.
Tom and Mary don't know what's happening.
Tom and Mary don't talk to each other.
Tom and Mary exchanged smiles.
Tom and Mary had to run.
Tom and Mary kissed again.
Tom came to visit us just last week.
Tom carried Mary across the threshold.
Tom didn't know that Mary was asleep.
Tom didn't know that Mary was in love with him.
Tom didn't want to go any further.
Tom doesn't have to prove anything to me.
Tom drank the shot of tequila down in one gulp.
Tom got out of the pool and then jumped back in.
Tom grabbed a piece of wood and hit Mary with it.
Tom handed Mary the clipboard.
Tom handed Mary the menu.
Tom handed the photo back to Mary.
Tom has been trying to get Mary out of prison for years.
Tom has been trying to get Mary to marry him ever since he graduated from high school.
Tom has been trying to learn to speak French for a long time.
Tom hasn't heard from Mary in over a week.
Tom is asleep in his chair.
Tom is having a very hard time trying to figure out how to do that.
Tom is never going to give up trying.
Tom is obviously a beginner.
Tom is obviously a good teacher.
Tom is obviously a little upset.
Tom is obviously crazy about Mary.
Tom is obviously drunk.
Tom is obviously having a good time.
Tom is obviously in love with Mary.
Tom is obviously malnourished.
Tom is obviously very good with his hands.
Tom is really cool.
Tom is standing in the corner of the room.
Tom is still awake.
Tom is still unconscious on the floor.
Tom is still up.
Tom is the boy who broke the window.
Tom is the guy who hit Mary.
Tom is the person who helped Mary.
Tom is very good at doing things with his hands.
Tom is very good with his hands.
Tom just kept yelling.
Tom just told his wife that he was leaving her.
Tom just told me about the accident.
Tom knew that Mary couldn't be trusted.
Tom looked angry.
Tom looked tired.
Tom looked upset.
Tom looks worried and confused.
Tom must have told Mary about John by now.
Tom noticed that Mary was asleep.
Tom noticed that Mary was sitting in the corner by herself.
Tom noticed that Mary was staring at him.
Tom noticed the bracelet on Mary's arm.
Tom picked the broken glass off the floor.
Tom picked the stuff up off the floor.
Tom picked up the letter and pocketed it.
Tom pretended he couldn't understand French.
Tom pretended not to notice that Mary was sleeping.
Tom pretended not to understand French.
Tom promised he'd go straight home.
Tom pulled an MPplayer out of his bag.
Tom put down a dish of food for his dog.
Tom put some food into the dog's dish.
Tom put the card face down on the table.
Tom ran down the stairs into the basement.
Tom ran to the door and tried to open it.
Tom rang the doorbell a couple more times.
Tom rang the doorbell a couple of times.
Tom said he was going to help Mary.
Tom said he was going to kill Mary.
Tom said he was going to kiss Mary.
Tom said he'd have to reschedule.
Tom saw a vase of flowers on the table near the window.
Tom says he needs to ask Mary where she put his camera.
Tom says he needs to ask Mary who's coming with us on the picnic.
Tom says he needs to talk to Mary about something.
Tom says he's not feeling any better.
Tom scribbled something on a piece of paper.
Tom showed Mary some photos of John.
Tom showed Mary some pictures of his house.
Tom slapped the ball out of Mary's hand.
Tom snapped his fingers.
Tom sounded angry.
Tom sounded happy.
Tom sounded upset.
Tom started to leave, but Mary stopped him.
Tom stepped out of the shower and wrapped a towel around his waist.
Tom stood in front of Mary.
Tom stopped by occasionally to fix things for Mary.
Tom thinks Mary has a bad influence on John.
Tom thinks that school is a waste of time.
Tom thinks that sports are a waste of time.
Tom thought that it would be a waste of time to go to that meeting.
Tom thought that the amulet would protect him from harm.
Tom thought that the amulet would protect him from werewolves.
Tom thought that the amulet would protect him from witches.
Tom tipped the barrel over.
Tom took Mary to the hospital on the back of his motorcycle.
Tom took Mary to the hospital.
Tom took out his phone and called Mary.
Tom twisted the knob and opened the door.
Tom unbuttoned his jacket.
Tom unzipped his jacket.
Tom waited an hour in the hallway outside Mary's apartment.
Tom walked in and looked around for Mary.
Tom walked Mary to her door.
Tom walked Mary to the elevator.
Tom wants to know if you have any time to help.
Tom wants to know whether you plan to come to his party or not.
Tom was eager to see Mary.
Tom was frightened and tried to leave.
Tom was here when I woke up this morning.
Tom was in the hospital for over a week.
Tom was looking at a picture of Mary.
Tom was shot with a poisoned arrow.
Tom was sitting near a very attractive woman.
Tom was sitting near two men in expensive suits.
