Look at that cat. It is Mr. Brown's.
You shouldn't trust that man.
Mary is getting on my nerves.
Thanks for saving me.
That's odd.
Why are you asking this?
It's an older model.
This is going to get messy.
Tom has ripped abs.
I'll see you in the morning.
It's just a placebo.
Type your password on the keypad.
You ruined everything.
Time to die.
"Time to die, Tom" said Mary.
Mary humiliated Tom in front of everyone.
What did I do to deserve this?
Don't try anything funny.
Please don't hurt me.
Mary tried on her wedding dress for the first time yesterday.
That's the only way up.
Do the math.
This might prove useful.
It might prove useful.
There's insufficient power.
I can't let you.
They followed you here.
Tom tried to reason with Mary.
Tom has a sore knee.
Tom has a sore back.
He has more books than he can read in his entire life.
Mary started screaming at the top of her lungs.
Roger that.
Hurry up and get in.
This territory is uncharted.
Gimme a minute.
I'll tell you when we get there.
I'm sure Tom won't mind.
Mary went berserk.
I have my own reasons.
Tom is in the mess hall.
We'll leave without him.
This is just a paperweight.
What did she do to you?
Tom is a family man.
This place is in shambles.
Tom is a pre-teen.
Tom is a preteen.
He'll be here any second.
We visited a huge amusement park in São Paulo.
I said shut up!
Tom kicked the door down.
Tom is just a crazy old man.
Everything you can imagine is real.
Languages are subject to constant change.
Mary is on the swim team.
Mary is concerned with her looks.
Mary is obsessed about her appearance.
Mary spends hours in the bathroom.
Tom looks terrific.
Mary looks terrific for her age.
Tom would like to have a smooth skin.
Mary has a lean body.
Tom has a beer belly.
Mary is an acupuncturist.
I want them alive.
Everyone is doing it.
Tom is pushing the envelope.
Do you like this girl?
Extremely loud music interrupted their conversation.
I haven't the foggiest why it is so.
He is still not back from the mountains.
He isn't back from the mountains yet.
I borrowed this comic book from his sister.
Tom and Mary will enter from the back.
Why are you still here?
It's the least I could do.
The room was packed.
Things might get a little rough.
Sorry, something went wrong.
That's all we know.
I have no idea how to use this thing.
How many days are there in a leap year?
Lead the way.
He wasn't moved after he finished reading this story.
How are you holding up?
The policeman is wearing a gas mask.
Don't forget about me.
He tried to commit a suicide.
You hurt me.
We'll have loads of fun.
I thought you were my friend.
It's punctured.
Do you know my name?
Can you walk?
This is an abomination.
The files are missing.
There's got to be a way.
He fainted in the middle of his speech.
Mary was killed with a tyre iron.
Mary was killed with a tire iron.
I don't have a choice.
I eat dinner at quarter past seven.
That is my father's first letter.
He knows neither how to read nor write.
I am not able to do it by any means.
He can kiss his fiancée.
You may kiss the bride.
You may now kiss the bride.
I need a lesson from you guys.
We can only teach.
Why must you give away all of my secrets?
A leap year has three hundred and sixty-six days.
How many days does a leap year have?
How many days comprise a leap year?
We partied into the small hours.
I want to have my breakfast.
The match didn't take place.
In March, the ground is still too cold to plant anything in the garden.
I've got a tap that leaks.
The heating is costing me more and more.
I received my electricity bill.
My GPS works very well.
To learn a foreign language requires a lot of time.
I was on the hunt for butterflies.
It falls to you to put the finishing touches to this work.
We work to earn money.
That boy is very clever.
That boy is very smart.
I often go fishing in that river.
Do you know who that person is?
How long has it been since you received a letter from him?
Do you plan to buy that car?
I can't put up with all that noise.
What happened at that intersection?
He was nearly run over at an intersection.
The intersection where the accident happened is near here.
The accident happened at that intersection.
Don't be disillusioned.
That flower has a strong smell.
Let me introduce you to Mr. Tanaka.
Do you know the man that's staring at you?
Do you know the man staring at you?
Do you know the man who's staring at you?
You didn't need to come.
How many times a year do you go skiing?
Which sentence do you prefer?
You are taller than she is.
You seem to be a kind man.
You should prepare for the future.
You have more energy than I do.
You're taller than I am.
I bought her a clock.
I began to cry.
You began to cry.
I do not think that he will come.
The taste is delicious.
You aren't as short as I am.
You aren't as short as me.
I have lost all respect for you.
The three countries were united to make one country.
You are twice as strong as I am.
You are twice as strong as me.
Can you supply me with everything I need?
There are numerous universities in Kyoto.
What do you have to do now?
Mary was in Hungary.
He wrote "regards" at the end of the letter and then signed his name.
Your necktie matches your suit.
How many days do you usually need to get there?
She likes running.
You should have your eyes examined.
You should get your eyes examined.
You should get your eyes checked.
Pick your favorite bat.
I think you're wrong.
Are you from a planet on which only women live?
He was late to the appointment due to a traffic accident.
Mice carry the plague.
Did you do the homework by yourself?
This happened a long time ago.
The popularity of websites depends on their content.
I heard that they have a lot of problems with the tunnels in New Zealand.
It's time for you to get up.
You don't need to go there.
You don't need to stand up.
You should help your father.
Do you know that boy who's crying?
You should go to bed early.
You should keep in touch with Mr. Smith.
Your hands need to be washed.
You need to wash your hands.
I can't do without your advice.
I can't lend this book to you.
Should I go with you?
What is the total amount of money you spent?
Do you have a seven-yen stamp?
May fifth is Children's Day.
She rented a four-room apartment.
You don't need to write more than words.
Can we meet on February the 28th, around 3:p.m.?
How about February 28th around 3:pm?
You may bring whoever you like.
Should I go?
Do I have to go?
People who don't want to go, don't have to.
Those who don't want to go, don't need to go.
I can't decide whether to go or not.
Do you know Mr. Takahashi?
Mr. Takahashi gave us some homework.
You had a phone call from Mr. Takakura.
You should do that right now.
When I woke up this morning, I felt sick.
I'd like to see you this afternoon.
I haven't read today's newspaper yet.
yuan is a lot of money.
Give me a different example.
You will never be too old to learn.
It's not as hot today as it was yesterday.
Mr. Sato speaks English well.
Mr. Gray was the first man that arrived.
Who did you visit yesterday afternoon?
This diamond costs a fortune.
Open your mind.
If you were not so good in counsel, I should not have heard these rules for my conduct.
Last night, I listened to radio.
Mr. Yamada lives in the suburbs of Tokyo.
Do I have to wear a tie at work?
It's been three years since I moved here.
I would ask him if I were you.
If I were you, I'd ask him.
I should ask, shouldn't I?
If I were you, I'd study harder.
Your lips are red.
The hare stole a carrot from the garden.
You should also listen to the other side.
That book is written in English.
It had snowed.
I would like shoes like that.
You don't have the ticket.
He doesn't have the ticket.
She doesn't have the ticket.
It ain't easy to please my parents.
It's high time to make room for young people.
The hall needs a new curtain.
The rug was covered with cat hair.
We still use land lines.
Italy is having the worst economical crisis in its history.
It's been seven years since we got married.
Will you sing some English songs for us?
Would you sing us a song in English?
We returned to Osaka on April 2nd.
Shouldn't we go now?
We saw Mr. Sato leave the room.
We took a taxi so we wouldn't be late.
I have a lot in common with him.
Go and open the door.
My younger brother swims every day in the summer.
My mother gets up earlier than I do.
I'd like to go with you.
I'd like you to mail this letter.
I've never seen a giraffe.
I had Mr. Jones correct my composition.
I'm not rich enough to buy that.
I went out even though it was raining.
Have you watched it?
I don't have your number.
I am a monk.
I don't have a pencil.
I don't have any pencils.
I'll remain your ally no matter what happens.
I had intended to go abroad.
I had planned to go abroad.
I went to sleep as soon as I got home.
I was discouraged.
I like traveling by train.
I have been to Kyoto one time.
I think it's necessary for you to see him.
I think you need to see him.
I had to change the plan.
I had the door repaired.
The incident came in the wake of Al-Qaeda's admission of responsibility, in a statement published by the organization, for an attack that targeted the republican palace in the city of Al-Mukalla in southern Yemen and resulted in the deaths of officers and soldiers.
The president's son leads the special forces.
The attack was launched by a suicide car bomb.
The cinema is an industry.
Idleness is the devil's workshop.
It's foolish to read such a magazine.
Why was I not aware of this?
Anyone can do their bit to protect the environment.
It's extremely important to do sport every day.
Young people tend to take things too far.
Do I have to attend the party tonight?
Do I need to go to the dentist's?
I rented a boat by the hour.
I might look at flights again soon after a shower, if I don't fall asleep.
I believe that you'll love it!
I believe that you will love it!
What is the correct answer?
Are your glasses prescription?
I need prescription glasses for driving.
I'm certain that he'll come.
I'm scheduled to have lunch with him.
Previously people believed the earth was flat.
I plan to have lunch with him.
I'm as tall as he is.
I'm the same height as he is.
I cannot fix the computer.
You trust in god?
I have as many books as he does.
He will wait for it.
I have the same number of books as he has.
If John phones me, please tell him I'll be back by seven o'clock.
Can you eat something there?
He can't cook very well.
The fish swims by moving its tail.
The house is small, but it's enough for us.
I had him write the letter for me.
I have three times as many books as he does.
I'm not as tall as he is.
I'm two years younger than he is.
I'm only three years older than he is.
I think that he's a good teacher.
I thought that he was rich.
I thought he was rich.
I thought that he was honest.
I thought he was honest.
Even though I'm tired, I'll study hard.
I'm tired, but I'll study hard.
I didn't go to school because I was sick.
Since I was sick, I didn't go to school.
I have to remember to mail the letter.
I make it a rule not to stay up late.
I am used to staying up late at night.
He can't be older than I am.
He can't be older than me.
The day we arrived was a holiday.
You can't force me to do anything I don't want to do.
There's a hosepipe ban this summer.
I dream about a beautiful woman.
I dream of a quiet life in the country.
You were my friend.
What did the boy say?
He came from another country.
He was a brave soldier.
These are simple sentences.
I can't hear you well.
We have lots to do.
I still love you.
I added a picture and hope that you find it appropriate.
That's a pale pail, pal.
I talked to her.
The musician has many friends.
You should learn from your mistakes.
Life is strange.
Good morning, blue skies!
The Mongols invaded Baghdad in and destroyed the Abbasid Caliphate.
History books write that after the Mongol invasion of Baghdad, many books were thrown into the Tigris River and therefore the colour of the river turned blue with the ink of books.
I think you thought what I'm going to think.
She knows I know that she knows.
Many wedding ceremonies will take place on the seventh of July.
Today is Wednesday.
Belgrade has about million inhabitants.
My little sister goes to nursery school.
My grandfather got seriously injured by a bomber during the war.
The goal was offside.
Where's the entrance?
My grandson is the son of my son.
We love beauty.
We picked apples so we could make an apple pie.
We had a wonderful holiday in Sweden.
We had a fantastic holiday in Sweden.
Thus Do They All.
So it has come to this.
We often went skiing in the winter.
We think that he's honest.
We plan to visit Mr. Smith tomorrow.
Tony sometimes visited his family.
We sometimes go out for a drive.
We sometimes go for a drive.
Do your homework by yourself.
Do I have to answer all of the questions?
The man washing the car is Mr. Jones.
Selling cars is my business.
Don't forget to mail the letter.
My uncle isn't young, but he's healthy.
You have to eat before you go.
Lend me as much money you can.
Teaching young children isn't easy.
You should relax a little.
You should relax a bit.
Since I had a slight fever, I stayed in bed.
All the boys are the same age.
I think it's important to tell the truth.
Some people believe in God and other people don't.
Kobe is the city where I was born.
I'm not a particularly suspicious-looking person.
Have you already read the book "Judgment Day Began Long Ago"?
We are a people as all other peoples; we do not have any intentions to be better than the rest. As one of the first conditions for equality we demand the right to have our own villains, exactly as other people have them.
Are you going home by bus?
It looks like your dog is thirsty.
What is the bad news?
Having slept well last night, I feel very fine this morning.
A cunt remains a cunt!
You're in!
People have to obey the rules.
I really do appreciate all your hard work.
It occurred to me spontaneously.
Sleep is necessary for good health.
So you can't help me?
These girls use white skirts.
This meat is kosher.
"Meow," said the cat, and it looked at me.
Take that off your head.
Unfortunately, it's raining today.
I see them.
Women like colorful umbrellas.
Her job is to teach English.
My brother likes watching scary movies.
My name is Shu.
The cat is sleeping on the table.
Mr. Hoshino is hard to please.
She seemed uninterested.
I am reading Persian.
I have a dog. He is black and his name is Tiki.
The students disobeyed their teacher.
I have a dog. She is black and her name is Tiki.
The housing situation shows no hope of improvement.
She doesn't understand you.
He was alone in the house.
She was alone in the house.
Mr. Aoyama has a large family to support.
He goes running every morning.
She goes running every morning.
Do you like me, too?
I get very angry when you don't answer my questions.
The weather is very cold in Istanbul.
This car was so cheap that he could afford it.
He didn't have a single pen.
He went shopping.
I turned off the lamp and went to sleep.
If I miss the train, I'll get on the bus.
This flower smells beautiful.
Your cake is very delicious.
There is a bookstore across from my house.
The cat crossed the street.
Ankara is the capital of Turkey.
The air is polluted in the big cities.
Do you have any free time after tomorrow?
This work isn't child's play.
She didn't want to sell the book.
He didn't want to sell the book.
I am sure that she will become a great singer.
I am sure that he will become a great singer.
She seems happy.
He looks happy.
She returned to Japan.
I am an idealist. I don't know where I'm going but I'm on my way.
What a beautiful city!
There isn't any problem at all.
In 1977, I was born in Osaka.
Is this the train station?
I came into the world without anything. I will leave the world without anything but love. Everything else is borrowed.
I know where she lives.
You must meet with him.
You must meet with her.
She has a brother in Tokyo.
He has a brother in Tokyo.
Is this enough money?
She worked for a rich man.
Did you get his letter?
Did you get her letter?
Meg talks a lot.
I was born in in Osaka.
I'm not deaf.
There is a trickster god.
There used to be a hotel around here.
I'm not as young as I used to be.
Do you have a red pencil?
He won the prize last week.
We pitched the tent next to the river.
I've heard that song before.
You should go home early.
You should get up early.
You'd better get up early.
The frost did a lot of damage to the crops.
If your feet get wet, you'll catch a cold.
The work has to be finished before noon.
A lot of time was wasted.
There's a lot of water left.
Taro speaks English better than I do.
Taro speaks English better than me.
I felt myself being lifted up.
He felt himself being lifted up.
He failed the breathalyzer test.
It doesn't seem; it is.
The inhabitants of the island are tall and strong.
It's your favorite song.
I told you so!
Mount Elbrus is the highest mountain in Europe.
The old man didn't want to outlive his wife.
In this case, let's go.
I can't imagine it.
I cannot imagine it.
Why are you wearing that stupid man suit?
I had a premonition that something wasn't right.
I was born in the year 1977.
The economy is deeply connected to politics.
I was breaking my heart when I was watching it.
Since he was feeling sick, he stayed in bed.
He stayed in bed because he wasn't feeling well.
Since he was feeling sick, he stayed home from school.
He stayed home from school because he wasn't feeling well.
Let's do this again.
I've been very busy with the exams!
I have been very busy with the exams!
There is a lot of crime in big cities.
Would you please page Mr. Sawada?
It doesn't matter who pitches, that team always loses.
Who could take his place?
Who should I inform?
Bring us with you!
Please look for it.
Who is this woman?
If I'd known it, I'd have told you.
Click here to create an account.
If I had known it, I would have told you.
The earth is much larger than the moon.
The earth is a lot larger than the moon.
Aren't you ashamed of yourself?
Someone wants to join?
Aren't you embarrassed?
The shrapnel from an explosion is usually more dangerous than the shock wave.
I locked myself out of my apartment.
Tom wants to take over the world.
Wow, this is loud!
Do I know you?
He's a grump.
Tom missed the party.
Mary knows how to have a good time.
It's a Cuban cigar.
Get lost, kid!
Tom is on the roof.
Do you want to use mine?
I have to go to the bathroom.
Wash with hot, sudsy water.
If you say so.
I'm working as fast as I can.
That night he dreamed a horrible dream.
It's a mummy!
Tom pushed Mary down the stairs.
He will tell me everything sooner or later.
Tom works for the IRS.
He wants to learn how to cook.
Tom opened the safe.
Try to keep it down.
That was a close one.
Tom is a lucky bastard.
Tom has a Swiss bank account.
That's gross.
All life is based on chemistry and all living things are composed of chemical compounds.
She looked up at him.
I ran a red light in my car, because I was in a hurry.
If she'd known the results, she'd have been shocked.
You've already been to Berlin.
You have already been to Berlin.
Mr. Nakamura went bar hopping in Tokyo.
My younger brother is taller than me.
My younger brother is taller than I am.
Mr. Tanaka is not at his desk right now.
Mr. Tanabe is out now.
In the summer, it is very hot here.
Is Mr. Fujiwara at home now?
It has suddenly gotten cold, hasn't it?
I can't understand why he left so suddenly.
He suddenly stopped talking.
Her face suddenly turned red.
She suddenly fell silent.
I think that you wanted to add a translation of the sentence where you posted a comment. To translate a sentence, just click on this button.
I think the story is true.
He's a notorious liar.
As soon as I have it, I'll forward it to you.
We didn't see this movie.
It looks strange.
Beware of he who would deny you access to information, for in his heart he dreams himself your master.
Man's unfailing capacity to believe what he prefers to be true rather than what the evidence shows to be likely and possible has always astounded me. We long for a caring Universe which will save us from our childish mistakes, and in the face of mountains of evidence to the contrary we will pin all our hopes on the slimmest of doubts. God has not been proven not to exist, therefore he must exist.
Free flow of information is the only safeguard against tyranny.
Don't miss this amazing opportunity.
That should do it.
We are doomed.
I've been worrying sick about you.
Tom has lost his keycard.
Tom and Mary are the only survivors.
Tom killed the spider.
The spider is dead.
Mary is afraid of spiders.
I did so bad in the exam!
These students work hard, but it's not that much efficient.
The train lurched to a standstill.
It's a bit wobbly.
When you make the bed, don't forget to fluff up the pillows.
All humans on Earth are descended from a common ancestor.
A polymath is someone who knows a whole lot about a whole lot.
All conversation involves the encoding and decoding of information.
Every year, Hawaii moves ten centimeters closer to Japan.
Could you put a period at the end of your sentence, please?
Never compare your wife to another woman.
He is considered missing.
It's hard for foreigners to learn Japanese.
She left the house without saying goodbye.
His father dedicated his life to science.
I see a lady and two dogs in the car.
If you allow me to speak, I'll be able to explain everything.
I bought a computer of the best quality.
Who does Tom think he is anyway?
Children cry because they want to eat.
After dinner, he usually sleeps.
I will count to three, and then I will fire!
They rented the upstairs room to a student.
They rented the room on the second floor to a student.
I'm looking for my watch.
She has green eyes.
I never saw him again.
He came back two days later.
Japan does a lot of trade with the USA.
Riding a horse is a lot of fun.
I can't recall when he moved to Boston.
I'm not sure when he'll turn up.
How are we going to get there?
I wish that he were here to help us.
I wish that he was here to help us.
Nobody sings as beautifully in the shower as Anna!
Even though he was sick, the boy still went to school.
I still have the book from last semester.
She used to be rather shy but since she went to University she has really blossomed.
I never did a day's work in my life, it was all fun.
I find out what the world needs. Then, I go ahead and invent it.
I owe my success to the fact that I never had a clock in my workroom.
People are not remembered by the number of times they fail but for the number of times they succeed.
I understand well!
I wait for you in Turin!
I should be at school.
I'm here. Do you want to chat?
It's a shadow.
It is a shadow.
Are you for or against abortion?
Like those of many who knew English, his English was very basic: "How much is it?" and "It's not my size."
The Filipino woman wanted to learn English so that one day she could emigrate to the Anglosphere.
Much like Nigeria, the Philippines was considered to be in the periphery of the Anglosphere.
Outside Manila and the big cities of the Philippines, people don't speak much English.
At least one author believes that out of the world's billion people in the early 21st century, perhaps 1.billion can speak English and the vast majority of those speak only basically.
The vast majority of North Americans know English only at a mediocre level.
English spelling bothers many people.
Hong Kong Chinese who know only English as a foreign language never learn the efficient use of the Roman alphabet.
All children in the PRC learn the Roman alphabet for phonemic pinyin.
What's there to do?
The ship is not seaworthy.
The government's anti-corruption tsar resigned yesterday following allegations of bribery.
Easy does it.
We stopped at Peterborough services.
Look who's talking.
Due to the match, which takes place today, there are major restrictions on traffic and parking.
Guinea pigs have different hair colours. It's silly for humans to worry about hair colour. Humans are like guinea pigs and other animals.
He believes that humans are machine-animals.
He named his guinea pigs Blondie, Thumper, and Candy.
His long-haired, blond, Teddy Bear hamster was called Jabberwocky.
He's wondering if there are non-humans today being counted as "humans."
He likes both Esperanto and Interlingua.
He looks human enough. It fools everybody...
I'm a little bit tired.
His English was strange in the way that it were as if he had invented his own accent...
He was from a different country where dogs were not allowed in the cities because they were deemed "land sharks."
His country was looking for a new socio-economic system because the present one was not working too well...
Soon, the expanse of the galaxy became reminiscent of ancient Polynesian migrational waves throughout the Pacific Ocean.
Thousands of years passed by as explorers zigzagged their way through the Orion Spur of the galaxy.
The Sagittarius and Perseus Arms of the galaxy remained unexplored for thousands of years.
Explorers looked for shortcuts in space-time to meander serendipitously through the universe.
By the time human civilization was a million years old, it had achieved mastery of faster-than-lightspeed voyages.
Life extension became more reliable as research in the biological fields expanded.
Starting next month, Brazil will implement the law of reciprocity with Spain.
Megastructures in space provided homes for billions of humans, many thousands of years later.
The space hotel was luxurious with all the chandeliers in the grand lobby where a magnificent staircase led to the fabulous dining area.
She would have failed without his help.
I want to leave.
Thanks for your help.
I don't know how to explain it.
The Europeans began exploring the Americas in the late 15th century.
It is the mouth that gives occasion for shame, and the coat of mail and helmet give occasion to war.
It's a pity that he can't marry her.
It's a pity that he can't get married to her.
The space hotel had grandiose buffets throughout the whole day.
The space hotel had enormous bay windows overlooking the rainbow stripes of Jupiter below.
In the space hotel, as the aria pounded its melodies on the stage, the view of colourful Jupiter framed itself behind.
As the orchestra in the space hotel's ballroom played on, dancers from various worlds swayed gaily about.
Unbeknownst to him, at the space hotel, there was a musically complimented Mexican restaurant surrounded by gigantic cages full of tropical parrots and other birds.
His hotel chamber at the palatial space hotel had the grandiose view of Jupiter's rainbow face through the big window.
Do you speak my language?
I like being a little star, being a big star is too much pressure and I don't like pressure at all.
I cannot stop the bleeding.
Try to pull out the worm by turning it around with a match stick.
The disease began all of a sudden.
I think it's possible that he may come.
I can't get along with him.
I can't tell him apart from his brother.
I can't thank him enough.
He can't afford to get married.
I can't help laughing at him.
You can't believe a word he says.
I can't manage without his support.
His debts amount to over $1,000.
We went without him because he wasn't ready.
We went without him since he wasn't ready.
You would have failed without his help.
But how did you manage to recognise us?
I would have failed without his help.
His annual income is more than $100,000.
I did my exam!
I made my exam!
He's ten years older than you.
Can you remember his name?
I can't follow his logic.
He is twice as old as I am.
Big changes are afoot.
My aunt is my father's sister.
UBS is the largest bank in private wealth management in Europe.
Maybe in another universe, sentient beings, as well as their very environment, are incorporeal.
Maybe in another universe, the physical laws are so different that everything from our point of view looks unfamiliar.
Maybe in another universe, beings are like clouds or shadows in a cloudy or shadowy milieu...
Maybe in a different universe, the emotional and psychic environment is even different from ours.
Maybe in a different universe, our basic five senses are useless and we would require different senses altogether.
Another universe is perhaps a different reality altogether...
Thus I have heard.
Nothing lasts forever.
My mother is a whiz on her Kindle.
Birds have nests, spiders have webs, and humans have friendship.
Birds have nests, spiders have webs and people have friendships.
I will become the most honored one in the world.
He can't swim a mile.
He has been sick in bed this past week.
He has been sick in bed for a week.
It looks like he might win first prize.
He will arrive on June 24th.
When did he become an adult?
When did your daughter become an adult?
Simplicity is the key.
He reluctantly went to see her.
Move the neck slowly from one side to the other. It's an excellent physical exercise.
I had a small mishap.
Even though he's wealthy, he isn't happy.
Even though he's wealthy, he's not happy.
He has money, but he's not happy.
Even though he has money, he isn't happy.
Where did she go yesterday?
He once had a lot of land.
He once owned a lot of land.
How long has he been living in Ankara? -For two years.
Since when has he been living in Ankara?
He has been living in Ankara since 2006.
He has been living in Ankara for six years.
He lived in Ankara for six years.
How long did he live in Ankara?
May all your dreams come true.
She's double-jointed.
Because it was cold yesterday, I stayed home.
Because it was very cold yesterday, I stayed home.
Perhaps you are mistaken.
Perhaps she is mistaken.
"Too much garlic" is an oxymoron.
Ideally, food should be tasty, cheap, healthy, and morally inoffensive.
Our random selection has chosen you as a possible winner!
Tea, drunk from a new thermos, tastes a little metallic.
The last time that I smelled something similar to this tea was in the giraffe house at the zoo.
From the point of view of eternity, "this year" is a very precise point in time.
His ex-wife obtained a court order that forbid him from coming closer than yards.
He always swims with the current.
For him, it always goes in one ear and out the other.
Outside it's cold as a witch's tit.
You said that you were happy.
He said that he was happy.
He knocks the mighty from the throne and elevates the humble.
She said, "Trust me."
He said, "Trust me."
I will give you a laptop.
I'm sure he'll pass the upcoming exam.
I'm sure he'll pass the next exam.
He finished this work by himself.
He will pass the upcoming examination.
He will pass the next examination.
He had a lot to do with that project.
He did the work by himself.
We're pupils.
That is a hotel.
One cannot survive without money.
You can't please everyone.
The most important thing in life is to be yourself.
Your feet will lead you to where your heart is.
If he had worked harder, he could have succeeded.
Let's pretend we are ninjas.
I can't trust what she says.
You can't trust what she says.
We can't trust what she says.
Even though the weather was bad, I decided to go out.
Since there were no customers, we closed the shop early.
There were no customers, so we closed the shop early.
Will they pay it?
This meat is chicken.
Are you saying you intentionally hide your good looks?
Would you tell me how to sillabify the word?
He didn't confirm.
She didn't confirm.
You didn't confirm.
I could see that.
Without music, life would be an error.
Without music, life would be a mistake.
If you're not in a hurry, please stay a little longer.
My infancy was more than happy.
Nobody sings better in the shower than Anna!
She has yet to answer any of the questions.
The paint was a little hard, so it had to be stirred.
Mary was burned while she stirred the rice.
She dances well, but she has to move more.
Who was rummaging through my things?
Mary felt the baby move.
Hurry up, kid, we've got a lot of travelling to do.
Peter said that he saw the body move.
John was trained in information systems, but he doesn't work with computers.
I have twenty thousand reals saved up in the bank, but I don't think I can touch the money until my son finishes high school.
He stirred the paint before using it.
Upon seeing the snake under my feet, José whispered, "Don't move."
I'm feeling the baby move.
The little girl said that she saw the statue of the dinosaur move.
I will stay until the end.
The game consists of staying the longest possible time without moving.
Is Peter always sleeping?
You're the only one who didn't understand the irony of what I said.
Write down your address and home phone number.
Tom arrived after Mary had already left.
It's possible we'll arrive at the Tokyo station around noon.
The world is small.
This scene was stored in the back of your mind.
Don't worry, go have fun!
I hope it was a prank!
The metallic gate to what seemed to be another universe became the paragon of postmodern Shinto.
The researcher said that taking the red pill would send him to another universe.
The space cadets said that at the end of the wormhole might be another universe.
The supermassive black hole at the centre of the galaxy remained a mystery for thousands of years...
An ancient people left a ringed contraption on the forsaken planet. It was supposed to be an entrance to another universe.
By postponing what you have to do, you run the risk of never being able to do it.
The galactic military used wormholes to hop around the universe.
An ancient race left ringed contraptions throughout the galaxy to shortcut through space-time.
He actually thought that the human body extended into other dimensions that we can't perceive. What a funny man!
He's a strange doctor. He said that a full diagnosis would require him to scan the patient's body in other dimensions.
He's an eccentric man who thought that time was not linear.
Galaxies are islands separated by enormous distances.
Experiments in space-time shortcuts proved dangerous during those brave millennia.
He takes the purple pill so he doesn't feel bored.
With this white and brown pill, you'll understand everything about Buddhism.
Children these days don't go to school, but instead receive information intravenously.
It's been centuries since money lost its paper and coin incarnations. They're just digits in the computer now.
The "moneyless society" became centuries-old fantasy.
Positive ions are called cations.
The number of space stations grew gradually over several centuries as humanity expanded into the Orion Spur of the galaxy.
Typically, a space station serviced a locale at least several light-years radially.
The first space stations rotated axially to produce artificial gravity.
Gigantic space stations were soon constructed with parkland inside the shell structure.
Agriculture became possible inside the shell structure of space stations.
Space colonists thought that language was an important aspect of their lives. They sought an appropriate language.
As centuries passed, humanity became more serious in implementing constructed languages as they deemed natural ones to be insufficient.
Soon, learning a language became as easy as taking a little pill.
Nothing in Chinese cuisine has impressed me like Pu-Erh tea.
Anyone who has never strung a spinet, clavichord, or harpsichord cannot imagine what kinds of problems can arise, from the choice of strings, to the actual stretching of the strings until they are tuned.
The subsequent years after First Contact allowed humanity to skip what could have been millennia of material and spiritual development.
During First Contact, humanity did not know what to expect of the alien race.
First Contact became humanity's salvation as it was at the brink of self-destruction.
First Contact became the most important turning point in human history.
After First Contact, the material and spiritual development of humanity flourished.
John Dalton created the Atomic Theory.
Atoms form molecules.
During First Contact, the alien visitors would not show themselves physically.
For years during First Contact, people on Earth wondered what the alien visitors might look like.
During millennia of space exploration, human travellers found remnants and ruins of ancient alien civilizations. It was "Knock, knock, who's there?" but there was no answer...
The human space explorers could not make sense of the well-preserved ancient alien machinery.
Ancient alien ruins in faraway outposts of the Human Space Sphere spooked many generations.
I'm a liar.
The study of futurology was his forte.
Futurology includes notions of probabilities.
It suddenly started raining.
A person is worth more than money.
I like painting, too.
I also like painting.
I'm a beginner, too.
No, I don't understand.
I don't understand what she wants me to do.
Help me print this.
In his country, a birthday was celebrated not just for a day, but for a whole week.
He was not from a "numerical" culture; that is, it was not their habit to count everything in life.
His culture was not concerned so much about physicality.
He visited the grand temple every day.
He liked drinking rose milk...
Watching the elephant show was amusing.
The researchers said that the sun was quite stable, and was not expected to go nova anytime soon.
Rising pollution levels contributed to the greenhouse effect that would lead to partially melting the polar ice caps.
When their home star went nova, their civilization was destroyed.
One theory held that a meteor killed the age of dinosaurs.
The Solar System has only eight planets now as Pluto, which was the ninth, has been reclassified as a dwarf planet.
The Solar System has four gas giants: Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus, and Neptune.
The surface of Jupiter is inhospitable with more than two and a half times Earth's gravity and a poisonous gas atmosphere.
The Solar System has four terrestrial or telluric planets: Mercury, Venus, Earth, and Mars.
He had to choose between "Earthling" and "Terran" for their demonym.
His skeptical friend said that a truly productive space industry may be hundreds, if not thousands, of years from now.
As people are still generally insufficiently educated, wars are still inevitable.
Back in the early 20th century, many thought that Venus was a watery world. Now in the 21st century, we know that Venus is like a big misty oven.
Technological progress is slower in actuality in many respects according to some perspectives.
The romance about outer space still lives in a few of us.
According to the UN, the world population exceeded billion in October of the year 2011.
Some people believe in the trio of science, religion, and magic.
Some believe that spirituality is utterly different from religiosity.
Numerology is a serious religion amongst many Orientals as it is a separate thing altogether to what many classify as regular religions.
Speaking in some languages sounds like praying.
Speaking in some languages sounds like playing.
Their favourite subject was eschatology.
Their perspective was very eschatological as if they were a very privileged generation.
He thought of himself as a speck of dust in an immensely vast universe.
Their mistake was thinking of themselves as centrality. Humanity is not the centre of the universe. The Earth is not the centre of the universe.
The Earth and the Solar System in which it is are located in the Orion Spur, not even a full, genuine Arm of the Milky Way galaxy.
In more pleasant places in the world, people want to live longer. It is the converse in less pleasant places.
Titan's black rivers and black lakes of methane were a sight to behold with ringed Saturn and the faint distant sun in the cloudy horizon.
The Martian red desert stretched beyond and around me as I was wearing a spacesuit with oxygen tanks. The air outside was thinner, of course, than the Earth's. There was some breeze that would otherwise blow tumbleweeds on Earth's own deserts.
Barsoom was the biggest Martian town. It had the fanciest saloon. It was the Wild, Wild Red.
Leave it behind.
I still have big plans to come and see you.
I don't want to miss you.
Maybe we're gonna work.
She is the editor-in-chief.
She is the executive editor.
As an admirer of the racecourses, he found it hard to accept the conversion of a cultural heritage, the Ügető, into a shopping mall floating in pink.
The centre of the Galactic Empire was a palatial garden planet.
Sentient beings throughout the Galactic Empire could send telepathic messages across vast distances.
Entertainment on his planet meant doing multidimensional higher mathematics.
He did not believe in physical space flight, but astral projection through the vastness he considered possible.
He claimed to have astrally projected himself to a remote jungle planet in the Andromeda galaxy.
He said that one's body was a prison if only one did not know astral projection.
By that time, astral projection became a prerequisite course in his university.
This article is more interesting than the previous one.
This article is more interesting as compared to the previous one.
This newspaper article is more interesting than the previous one.
Perhaps the surface of Jupiter is like ambiguous slush under dense poisonous gases.
He wrote the article "Robotic Mining and Minerals on Martian Terrain."
He wrote the article "Artificial Intelligence in Martian Colonial Life Support Systems."
He wrote the article "Psychological Fitness for Colonists in Martian Habitats."
He wrote the article "Exobiological Presence in Alpha Centauri."
He wrote the article "Interstellar Voyages with Passengers in Cryogenic Suspension."
I would like to book a bedroom.
I'd like to book a bedroom.
The drum is weak.
Since when?
Tom swears like a sailor.
I rarely listen to the radio.
I seldom listen to the radio.
I almost never listen to the radio.
What did your boyfriend give you for your anniversary?
Let's go all together!
It's the happiest place on earth!
My car battery died in the middle of the freeway.
Give dad an hour and he'll have it fixed.
Coconut oil does wonders!
Use it as a body cream when you get out of the shower.
It tastes great, too.
I can't wait for it!
Tom moped on his moped.
She's got the measure of you.
I can't speak German.
She's about the same age as my older sister.
She's about the same age as my sister.
They are currently attending a meeting.
Was it like last year?
I'd love to learn how to fly a helicopter.
Gold circulates because it has value, but paper money has value because it circulates.
He treats me like a child.
Had he heard the news, he might have been shocked.
He seldom gets angry.
He almost never gets angry.
He rarely gets angry.
I hate long flights.
I forgot my shopping list at home.
It would be nice of you to use the caliper instead of your ruler : it's much more accurate!
It's a toy that the whole world knows.
The Greeks invented the comma, not for their literature but for their actors, to warn them to take a deep breath in preparation of an upcoming long phrase; thus a comma represents a pause.
What is a presentation?
How are presentations organized?
What auxilliary materials or machines can presenters use when making a presentation?
How can a presentation be made interesting?
I'm going to talk about pollution and its effects.
Dr. Zamenhof didn't give us any rules for the use of punctuation in Esperanto, because he well knew what a bone of contention that would be.
He takes a walk every morning.
A million lemmings can't be wrong.
He likes swimming in the summer.
Words wound more easily than they heal.
The daughter of envy is defamation.
Things are not what they seem.
A mirror is better than an entire row of ancestral portraits.
She really got on my nerves.
She's always busy on weekdays.
I need it right away. Please hurry!
They were afraid of being overheard.
You are the ruler of your words, but, once said, they rule you.
We're not a party!
We are not a party!
He devoted a lot of time to study.
I'll try to follow your advice.
I will try to follow your advice.
I am afraid of cats.
Yesterday she smiled at me.
Under these conditions we can not work together.
In Germany, people can only get married at the registry office.
I give my friend a bunch of flowers.
In the evening, I read my son a book.
What do you advise me?
By seeing an elephant's tusk you know it is larger than a bull; by seeing a tiger's tail you know it is larger than a fox; by seeing one thing, you know many of them.
I don't know how to sew or embroider.
I don't want to regret later in life having missed out on something in my youth.
That tradition has fallen by the wayside.
Wiser words were never spoken.
"He's been sick." "Oh really, I hope it's nothing serious."
He was groomed from a young age to take over the family business.
We owe more on our house than it's worth.
A good night's sleep will do you a world of good.
Let's see how the negotiations play out before making our decision.
Where are my cigarettes?
Here be dragons.
He's a man we can trust.
He's strong enough to lift that.
He stays up till late at night.
He was angry with his students.
He's somewhere in the park.
She quickly opened the letter.
She doesn't have any children, does she?
They intend to get married tomorrow.
They plan to get married tomorrow.
They crossed the border.
He can't take care of himself.
He died before I arrived.
Can you drive a stick shift?
Can you drive manual?
Can you drive stick?
Can you drive a car with manual transmission?
Can you drive a five speed?
He's not as old as my brother.
He isn't as old as my brother.
He pretended not to be hurt.
He pretended not to know me.
I respect everybody's opinion.
True love doesn't exist!
True love does not exist!
It was ironic.
He hops from one place to the other.
I can't eat chocolate!
You don't have to answer those questions.
I'll call you tomorrow morning.
I will call you tomorrow morning.
You should take her advice.
I've had my driving license confiscated.
It might rain. We should take an umbrella.
Sabu had been doxed.
Sabu turned FBI snitch.
I met her during my stint there.
We're chopping off their head.
Does anyone know where you can buy birthday party invitations?
I do not understand the exact meaning of this sentence.
How do you spell it?
I need a crew.
You know where to find me.
Ice skating can be graceful and beautiful.
You must walk before you can run.
Can I cry?
I'm about to cry!
I am about to cry!
Hormones impair one's judgment.
She is Russian.
The times are hard.
The times are tough.
I want to chat with someone who speaks English.
Most of the revellers are tourists.
He's paralytic.
He's as drunk as a fiddler.
He's wasted.
He's shit-faced.
He's piss drunk.
He's trashed.
He's tanked.
We get along famously.
How old was she when she got married?
Can you help her out before they catch her?
Do you have 5,yen you could lend me?
Is Mr. Ozawa going to be the next manager?
If he comes, what should I say to him?
Three years have gone by since we got married.
It's been three years since we got married.
What worries me about religion is that it teaches people to be satisfied with not understanding.
One of my favorite sentences in the "Adventures of Huckleberry Finn" book is: "I could say the multiplication table up to six times seven is thirty-five, and I don't take no stock in mathematics, anyway".
You must reboot your computer.
I haven't been in contact with Mr. Smith recently.
This stone was too heavy for me to lift.
The storm kept us from searching for the missing child.
Because of the storm, we couldn't search for the lost child.
I found the work easy, since I had done that kind of work before.
I got up earlier than usual in order to catch the first train.
Mr. Mitchel demanded that I pay the rest of the money by the end of the week.
What's a joke?
What is a joke?
Students usually like club activities better than their classes.
Dry the pants on the radiator.
Children who are sixteen years old or younger may not enter the theater.
Everything genius is simple.
I haven't seen any of my old classmates since I graduated years ago.
I plan to study this afternoon after I get home.
On my way home from school yesterday, I was caught in a shower.
Help me. I took the bus in Morocco.
Those things are parasites!
I must finish the report before p.m.
She went that way.
I almost finished.
My placement supervisor allowed me to take a day off.
The whole thing turned out to be a Ponzi scheme.
There, just connect your computer to the power strip.
You need to study more.
And now, what?
I won't bore you with the details.
Can we postpone tomorrow's amorous encounter?
I wasn't offended by that.
Men's things are sold on the third floor.
You can choose one of them.
You may choose one of them.
Today I learned that I have accomplished one of my goals.
The research is completed?
The research is finished?
I got up earlier than usual to get the first train.
I got up earlier than usual to catch the first train.
I wrote to Mr. Wood last week and asked him to give you a job on the farm.
I could hardly tell who was who.
I can't understand why they're such good friends. They have hardly anything in common.
Since their conversation was in French, I couldn't understand a word.
As soon as she opened the door, a white dog ran out of the house.
There are no special rules about what clothes we have to wear.
There is no dress code.
I left home early so I wouldn't miss the train.
I left home early because I didn't want to miss the train.
The travel agent suggested that we take some traveler's checks with us.
Because her parents got divorced, the girl had little contact with her father.
Because her parents got divorced, the girl had hardly any contact with her father.
Will you please connect me with Mr. Smith?
Will you remind me to mail these letters?
Have you gotten everything ready for tomorrow?
Are the preparations for tomorrow complete?
Is everything ready for tomorrow?
How many times a month do you go to the movies?
I hate it when my clothes smell of cigarette smoke.
I hate it when my clothes smell like cigarettes.
I have been obsessed with French recently.
Now that I got guaranties, I am no longer afraid.
Have you ever heard of a custom as strange as this?
How long did the Maya culture flourish?
Have you already decided what to do next Sunday?
Have you decided what to do next Sunday?
How many times a year do you go scuba diving?
Why didn't he come to the party?
Will you show me how to use this camera?
Did Mr. Davis come to Japan to teach English?
Did you see the cowboy movie on TV last night?
Have you gotten settled into your new house yet?
Is this where your mother works?
Is this the place where your mother works?
Who is the gentleman he is speaking to?
I'm not well.
Have you gotten used to eating Japanese food yet?
We really should buy a new car, shouldn't we?
What time did you close the store last night?
Will you please arrange for me to meet Mr. Doi?
Don't you think it's strange that he's not here?
How about having a barbecue party next Sunday?
Do we need to bring our dictionaries to class tomorrow?
I wonder if there'll be more snow this year than last year.
Is this the dictionary you're looking for?
I wonder why women outlive men.
I wonder why women live longer than men.
On Mondays, he's always at home.
Excuse me, but would you please open the window?
Were you going to the train station when I saw you?
Do you know where to go or who to ask for information?
Do you think it's dangerous for me to swim across the river?
I did that yesterday.
The war is essentially over.
Too often, wisdom is simply prudence that has ground to a halt.
This is worthy of merit.
We do very good business.
How did the railway accident at Tokyo Station happen?
How many times a month do you write a letter to your mother?
Am I dreaming?
I chopped the onions and put them in a casserole with butter and oil.
Could you please reschedule the meeting at a time that is convenient for you?
I remember now.
Was it Mr. Yamada that came to see me yesterday while I was out?
Would it be possible to set up a meeting with us on April fifth or sixth?
Do you know how many people in the world starve to death every year?
If you think you're someone, you stop becoming someone.
He's always at home on Mondays.
He's no original thinker, but simply imitates what others have already said and done.
Tom is in the heart of the action.
Tom is a member of the SAS.
Tom found the exercise mentally draining.
Tom came in first.
Tom is Mary's mentor.
This was a wake-up call for Tom.
This was a wake up call for Tom.
Tom is in the lead.
Tom won the triathlon.
Tom is a triathlete.
Tom has a huge cock.
I just want to improve as much as I can.
Tom thinks it tastes like chicken.
This is Tom's flat.
Tom needs to lose a bit of weight.
Tom's dreams came true.
Tom rehearsed for two days.
Mary auditioned for the part.
Tom lives in Wales.
Tom's car broke down.
Tom finished second.
Do you pronounce it "Zed" or "Zee"?
Tom is not fast enough.
Tom uses two computers at the same time.
Tom is improving.
Mary wants to marry a Formula driver.
Mary has unrealistic expectations.
Mary wants to marry a millionaire.
Tom is calm.
Tom is focused.
Tom is doing very well.
Extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence.
I'm a bit confused.
Tom is the winner.
Tom won the competition.
We will have much fun.
We need to finish the job.
Tom had a minor accident.
Tom had a major accident.
Remember, respect is everything.
Live your life with the precision of a Samurai.
We still wait.
I missed you a lot yesterday!
I pretended to support him.
I was very moved by her kindness.
I was surprised by her sudden visit.
Where are your pictures?
He looked at me with consternation, saying that he must put a comma somewhere.
The walls are covered with blood.
Even though he had a cold, he went to work.
He had a cold, but he went to work.
No matter what she says, remain calm.
Stay calm no matter what she says.
Both brothers said that they couldn't support both a wife and an airplane, so they spent their lives as bachelors.
Russia is a very big country.
The reason both brothers gave for remaining bachelors was that they couldn't support both airplanes and a wife.
I bought many books.
I bought a lot of books.
All sorts of rumors were floating around about her.
In spite of the fact that she's rich, she says she's poor.
Even though she's rich, she says she's poor.
He's young, but he's very intelligent.
He's young, but he's very wise.
Everyone is in favor of your idea.
An earthquake can happen at any time.
Any flower will do as long as it's red.
As long as it is cheap, any watch will do.
Any watch will do as long as it is cheap.
It was already after o'clock, so we called it a day.
No matter how sleepy you are, brush your teeth.
Without advice, you would have failed.
His salary is 250,yen per month.
His success was mostly due to good luck.
No matter how tired you are, you have to do it.
No matter how tired you might be, you have to do it.
These are all I have.
Beautiful day.
That's part of it.
I can't eat raw eggs. They have to be cooked.
I can't see the advantage of doing that.
I can't, however, agree with your opinion.
I wasn't able to get rid of my doubts about that.
I think that he might miss the train.
I had planned to visit the temple last week.
I met Mr. Smith on the street by accident.
I missed seeing that movie. Did you see it?
I remember mailing your letter yesterday.
I'd like you to be my guest tonight.
Please stay at my house tonight.
I'm sure that he went to Tokyo.
I think it's dangerous to swim in this lake.
I think it's impossible for us to beat him.
I think it's necessary for him to go there.
I think he needs to go there.
I think you need to eat more.
I think it's not good for him to go alone.
I don't think it's good for him to go alone.
I used to play tennis when I was a young student.
I was quite shocked by this.
I was more than a little shocked by this.
I was surprised by his sudden appearance.
I was surprised by the news this morning.
I'll go even if it rains heavily.
As the crow flies, it's about miles from here.
He needs to follow my advice.
Thousands of people sleep rough in the freezing cold.
They're tears of joy.
They are tears of joy.
It rained a lot that winter.
It seems that Mr. Brooke is an honest person.
He died of natural causes.
He was born in the March of Brandenburg.
He was the last Arch Seneschal of the Holy Roman Empire.
If Bin Laden comes, tell him I'm in the store.
You're special.
You are special.
I'm in your hands.
I am in your hands.
I saw you yesterday.
It was a pleasure meeting you, Mr. Tamori.
Just a moment. I haven't made up my mind yet.
Let's hurry so we can catch the bus.
Mr. Long and Mr. Smith spoke to each other.
I'm still hungry.
Susie's mother is a very beautiful woman.
Betty was the last to arrive.
Those Hungarian girls are very pretty.
That's a student my father teaches.
He is precisely the one you are looking for.
I love elderberry juice.
What awful weather!
The man we saw this morning was Mr. Green.
This tea is too hot to drink.
Mario is so sick that he can barely move.
The telephone is out of order, Mr. Tamori.
I won't tolerate such language!
I am not used to staying up late at night.
I don't associate with Mr. Tanaka any more.
I ran into Mr. Yoshiyuki at Shibuya station.
He's a leading authority in his field.
I think it's good for you to read this book.
Eventually, he changed his mind.
Housing is a right.
The balance of nature is very vulnerable.
And another day went by.
He cancelled the meeting at the last minute.
We need at least eight hours of sleep each day.
What more can you give that I haven't already got?
I watched the wife kill her own son.
Every month I get paid 300,yen.
It's the perfect weekend music!
Tom found the exercise exhausting.
Tom is a pro.
Tom is just an amateur.
That's where Tom started his career.
It's very sticky.
I can speak Chinese.
I learned a lot this weekend.
Tom underwent surgery.
Tom passed the physical test.
That's rubbish.
Tom participated in the Boston marathon.
Tom runs a 9-minute mile.
Mary runs the mile in minutes.
Tom spilled the milk.
It feels very similar to this one.
I'm very pleased with Tom's performance.
Tom is very pleased with Mary's performance.
Tom picked it up quicker than I thought he would.
Tom tried a few different techniques.
The walls were covered with graffiti.
Here, you can get close to the action.
Tom likes to get close to the action.
Tom wants to get close to the action.
We don't have this in Europe.
It's a bit greasy.
Tom has proved that it works.
She is talking.
Can you speak Indonesian?
Tom is on the bobsleigh team.
It's been a good day.
He has adapted extremely well.
I'm feeling pretty confident.
Here the weather is very beautiful.
There isn't much time.
It's a hot button topic.
Tom won the championship.
Saturday is the last day of week.
Let's see how the negotiations pan out before we decide.
The soldiers decimated the unruly population.
Keep a cool head.
It's vibrating.
Tom is very calm.
What can you do?
That happens sometimes.
It's a shame.
They should be fine.
Tom applied for citizenship.
Tom and Mary are playing battleship.
Tom said he saw the invisible man today.
Are you always busy?
Tom and Mary are playing Rummy with their friends.
Tom and Mary are playing Rum.
Tom and Mary are playing Canasta.
Tom has an automatic card shuffler.
Tom and Mary are playing Gin rummy.
Tom and Mary are playing poker.
Tom and Mary are playing mahjong.
Tom and Mary are playing Uno.
Tom and Mary are playing with the pokers. That's quite dangerous.
Mary poked Tom in the eye with a stick.
Mary was killed with a fireplace poker.
Tom and Mary are playing Clue with their friends.
Tom and Mary are playing Cluedo with their friends.
Miss Scarlett was killed with a candlestick in the ballroom.
Tom slipped and tore his hamstring.
Tom has been working hard.
Tom lost four pounds in body fat.
Tom has 7% body fat.
Mary is a crossfit athlete.
Mary is getting leaner and stronger.
It's the gold standard.
There's a secret passage.
Who among us is perfect?
Tom is perfect.
Tom is extremely fit.
Tom and Mary played The Settlers of Catan last night.
Tom and Mary played Pictionary last night.
Tom and Mary are playing cops and robbers.
Tom and Mary are playing tag.
Tom and Mary are playing cowboys and Indians.
Aaww! He's so cute.
Tom is a dental technician.
It's going to be great and exciting to be there.
I think we're going to have a very strong team.
You can see the Empire State Building from here.
Tom and Mary are members of the Galactic Council.
Tom is the new secretary general of the United Nations.
I love this game.
It was excruciating.
Never again.
Tom ran the marathon in under five hours.
What a remarkable performance!
It's your only chance.
I was furious.
Tom and Mary are playing Monopoly.
Tom speaks Romansh.
It's very dark.
I've got no worries.
You must continue to train.
Tom took part in a promotional event.
Tom is also a good instructor.
It's the ultimate test.
It's the big one.
It's an ambitious project.
Keep your nose clean.
Stay out of trouble.
I have a bit of time to relax.
Tom faced the media scrum.
Tom was forced to make a radical decision.
I can't hear anything because of the noise.
Things are looking good.
Tom passed with flying colors.
I don't know what else to say.
Now, it's time to celebrate.
See you next week.
I can speak Chinese, but I can't read Chinese.
They like to sing.
I hate it when my clothes smell of smoke.
Please stop crying.
It's against the rules to smoke at the office.
Should I take this medicine?
Drinking wine aids digestion.
Do you really want to see a French film?
John felt like there were ghosts in the dark room.
He is definitely not a gentleman.
That fire burned the entire town to ashes.
Susan polished her father's shoes.
Boil chestnuts for at least minutes.
He had no place to live.
What impression do you have of China?
She is wearing a hat.
I want you to have me.
What is the name of that bird?
He wrote a book about a jungle adventure.
The girl I told you about lives here.
For example, if I want to get downtown what bus should I take?
My heaven is never enough.
Is there someone that can drive?
Can anyone drive?
I haven't eaten there in a long time.
When are we going to get together?
A doctor can bury his mistakes, but an architect can only advise his clients to plant vines.
Birds have wings.
I heard that Mary wants a divorce.
I'm very tired, but I can't get to sleep.
Don't keep criticizing me!
She's unaware of her beauty.
She ran up to him.
Her oldest daughter got married.
Only four horses were in the race.
The weather yesterday was horrible.
He worked in a big city hospital.
Don't lose your temper no matter what he says.
Where's the post office?
Don't make promises you can't keep.
The board unanimously decided to appoint her as CEO.
If I had done my best, I might have succeeded.
Did you find your contact lenses?
Hi babe, where have you been?
No matter how fast you run, you won't be in time.
I can't put up with his temper any longer.
Have you eaten lunch?
I don't want to drink anything.
She cried all night.
She took a bite of the apple.
Is there a gas station near here?
Say hi to your father for me.
I just had a quick look. It wasn't interesting at all.
I had my composition corrected by Mr. Jones.
I helped him carry his luggage upstairs.
This matter is very urgent.
She's highly influenced by current trends.
She follows the latest craze.
Who are your most interesting friends?
I think it's important to tell him the facts.
In the future, be more careful with your money.
From now on, be more careful with your money.
In his business, he can't do without a car.
When I was a child, I believed in Santa Claus.
There's no need to change the oil every miles.
He and his sisters are currently living in Tokyo.
Can I use your dictionary for a minute?
I can't stand noisy children.
Can you lend me your bicycle?
His doctor advised him to quit smoking.
Without water, we can not survive.
Japan is not as big as Canada.
It is spelled the same in both languages.
It is the same word in both languages.
It's necessary for her to go herself.
It seems she is over thirty years old.
It was a window that Tom broke yesterday.
The fact that she had gotten married twice was true.
It was true that she had gotten married twice.
Mr. Jones hasn't been here as far as I know.
Mr. Jones is tasting the soup his wife made.
Mr. Yamada was kind enough to drive me home.
My brother didn't have the courage to swim across the river.
My family has lived here for twenty years.
Our request for a pay raise was turned down.
The hotel charged me 8,yen for the room.
The Yamada family lives in the apartment below this one.
This is the book you are looking for.
This is the boy I met there yesterday.
If necessary, I have no objection to paying a special fee.
This is the person they say stole the car.
It's really hot here in the summer.
Since you have a fever, you should stay home.
A person is a bachelor if and only if that person is a marriageable man who has never married.
You can come in if and only if you know our password.
I won’t forgive you unless you apologise sincerely.
Unless there is reliable evidence for it, we should not believe anything.
As long as good people do nothing, evil will triumph.
As long as you’ve prepared, you won’t have any problems.
You can only come to China if you’ve got a visa.
Only if you study hard will you be able to get into university.
If you go to Beijing, definitely have a look at Tiananmen Square.
If she didn't see you then there’s nothing to worry about.
If you’re going to be like this I’ll just leave.
If your visa expires, you must leave China.
I finally graduated from junior high school.
If you don’t do more exercise, you’ll be unhealthy.
If you like beer, you might like wine.
If you're hungry, have something to eat.
Correlation does not imply causation.
Let's drink wine or beer.
Let’s either speak Chinese, or not speak at all.
Whether you agree or not, I'm going to do it.
Do you want to eat noodles or rice?
Would you like to go for a drink or something to eat?
Usually I cycle or get the bus to work.
The city government wants to set up special cycle lanes. However, a lot of drivers oppose the idea.
We ordered the products on time. However, they won’t be dispatched until next month.
At that time, the train was very crowded.
She’s a foreigner, but speaks Chinese excellently.
I’d certainly like to go and watch a film, but I’m not sure if I have time.
America has the world’s largest economy, and its army is the most powerful.
This idea is a misperception, and makes no sense.
I don't have time to write.
I have a nodding acquaintance with Mr. Smith.
I think it's dangerous to walk alone at night.
I thought it was strange that he didn't turn up.
Love's pleasure is ephemeral; regret eternal.
I was born in Osaka, but I was brought up in Tokyo.
I worked on Mr. Wood's farm when I was young.
Traffic in ivory is illegal.
My body isn't as flexible as it used to be.
No one can live to be two hundred years old.
The man we saw in the park was Mr. Hill.
The woman he married is very beautiful.
There is nothing as important as friendship.
There you see the gate that Mr. Jones built.
Cheer up! Things are not as bad as you think.
I can't put up with his insults any longer.
I found the key I had been looking for.
I spoke in a voice loud enough to be heard by everyone.
I studied really hard in order to pass the exam.
I think you need to go in person.
I think the movie is a very heart warming one.
I will go to Kumamoto to see Mr. Aoi tomorrow.
I plan to go to Kumamoto tomorrow to see Mr. Aoi.
If it rains tomorrow, they will not go.
If by any chance it rains tomorrow, they will not go.
If by some chance Jason calls me, tell him I'm not here.
If we miss the train, we'll go by bus.
Mr. Smith founded this school forty years ago.
Mr. Soarez has been my close friend for years.
I'm not feeling well today.
Other factors of importance, which make litigation of large corporations more difficult, are the size and complexity of their activities.
Do you remember Mr. Saito?
Mr. Ford is all right now.
Mr. White's yard is large.
Is Mr. Jones in the office?
Mr. Itoh will call the roll.
Mr. Hawk is a kind gentleman.
The teacher's name was Mr. Grey.
I suggest that you see Mr. White.
Mr. Ito is a highly educated man.
He's on good terms with Mr. Brown.
I'll give you a local anesthetic.
An infidel's greatest defeat is ending up in paradise.
Mr. Smith established this school forty years ago.
I'm bored at home!
The ship sank in the sea.
A submarine can travel over and under the water.
Yes, I think so, too.
She is the youngest of my three children.
I don't want to go to bed yet.
It's open year-round from a.m. to p.m.
Do you often go shopping?
Fill this bottle with water.
He lives alone in the woods.
Where were you between one and three o'clock?
The official start is on Saturday.
Nobody showed up today.
He keeps surprising me.
He can barely read.
He said he hadn't been inside the room. That is a lie.
Is the work too hard for you?
What time is breakfast?
He apologized to us for being late.
They appointed Mr. White as manager.
I feel exactly the same as Mr. Isoda.
Mr. Yoshida never breaks his promise.
I made it from scratch.
Send it to me.
The terrorists swore vengeance on that country.
Every insult from Joel is just a hidden compliment.
One smile a day keeps the doctor away!
If the study of foreign languages is pursued in depth, so as to improve the mind, then it requires an immense amount of time. If it is superficial, it adds nothing to intellectual development.
Esperanto is an international and easy language!
I think she is over forty years old.
Mary is a year behind in school.
Congress passed the bill.
Anything is infinitely better than nothing.
Doing anything no matter how small is infinitely better than doing nothing.
Tom started screaming like a 15-year old girl.
Tom has an extravagant lifestyle.
Tom made some bad investments.
Tom had three failed marriages.
He has done it in just a few years.
I never heard from him again.
They'll never know we're here.
Tom is the best player on the team.
Tom teaches sport psychology.
Mary gave Tom a hug.
Tom has been suspended without pay.
Tom turned out to be right.
Tom was beaten and robbed.
It's a gross distortion of the truth.
Dawn is coming.
Tom was ostracized.
Tom punched him in the face.
Tom can barely afford to pay rent let alone buy a PC.
That's too long.
The price is simply mind blowing.
It's dirt cheap.
Tom took a hard hit.
Tom is the only boy who doesn't like football.
I'm a complete idiot.
A win is a win!
Just try it out.
I found Volapük to be very complicated, contrary to Esperanto, which is very simple.
This little baby tore up a dollar bill.
Men should work.
We watched the children play.
He took me to the station.
We are a couple.
He doesn't have as many books as she does.
What's the daily fee?
Thank you very much for your gift.
This handbag is mine.
This is one of the best dictionaries I have.
Mr. Wang came to Japan to study Japanese.
Her writing is very good.
I have never heard of this actor.
You are irresistible.
She put on socks.
I drank two cups of coffee.
Mr. Kato was too old to work any longer.
My parents don't speak Dutch.
Prudence, indeed, will dictate that Governments long established should not be changed for light and transient causes; and accordingly all experience hath shewn, that mankind are more disposed to suffer, while evils are sufferable, than to right themselves by abolishing the forms to which they are accustomed.
Has anyone noticed that in Esperanto grammars they never talk about punctuation?
We are home.
It sounds like a lot of fun.
Listen to me.
It never happened.
It is gone.
Do not push that button.
Is this all?
It is a black hole.
You should stay back.
Progress, man’s distinctive mark alone, Not God’s, and not the beasts’.
It is often said that the Japanese are hard workers.
I would like to learn how to dance.
You've gone too far!
She was very kind to everyone.
I really don't know.
My foot fell asleep.
We're going to the movies. Come with us.
My father spoils me.
His mother is writing a letter.
We have come to the clear realization of the fact that true individual freedom cannot exist without economic security and independence. Necessitous men are not free men. People who are hungry and out of job are the stuff of which dictatorships are made.
He liked eating Turkish delight, lokum.
We haven't spoken a word!
He said that Vling, the sophisticated prototype language, is a vast improvement over Chinese.
He said that real hope sprang from the probability that there is life elsewhere in the universe.
You made my night!
It sounds like I'm hired!
My parents told me that if I worked hard I would have a good career.
My father participated in a cooking contest and came in first.
The suits in this row are all made of imported European fabric.
This color is a bit darker than that one.
There is no difference between this row of clothes and the one next to it.
That is not true.
Could you pass me the salt?
Silence reigned in the room.
Within two hours the sun had set.
You don't have to do it immediately.
You don't have to do it right away.
Do not speak so fast, please.
Listen! How do you spell it?
I've lost my passport!
Mari has been to Hungary.
You'll find it difficult to meet her requirements.
Listen carefully to me.
For the love of God!
It's incredible that your mother speaks six languages!
A hare stopped in the clover and swinging flowerbells and said his prayer to the rainbow through the spider's web.
The heaventree of stars hung with humid nightblue fruit.
I'll update it soon.
What's he up to?
Cat got your tongue?
It is clear that there is no classification of the Universe that is not arbitrary and full of conjectures.
As our vehicle leaves the ground and plunges over the edge of the cliff toward the valley floor, I ponder whether it is possible that one might allege I am guilty of an act of moral failure, having failed to maintain a proper course along the roadway.
Jaded zombies acted quietly but kept driving their oxen forward.
I don't know half of you half as well as I should like; and I like less than half of you half as well as you deserve.
I'm confident of victory.
The man you met yesterday was Mr. Brown.
There was no time left for an explanation.
I'm only going to write small sentences without commas.
The man standing over there is Mr. Smith.
He finally realized that he was wrong.
What time will the train get to Yokohama?
What he says is total nonsense.
He submits to authority.
She sometimes gets depressed.
This wine tastes great.
They became very nervous.
Be careful driving or you'll have problems.
Drive carefully, or you'll run into trouble.
I should go.
What should I do if my husband is impotent?
What should I do if my wife snores?
He will be a good doctor.
Soccer is my favorite sport.
What's the climate there like?
This room's orientation is great.
This room's location is great.
Don't deceive yourself.
In the leaden backdrop of the dawn, the horseman stands in silence, the long mane of his horse, disheveled by the wind.
Learn Chinese, not to impress your future boss, but to understand what she is saying.
Please bring your own cutlery.
This heavy workload is too much for me.
I'm a winner!
You were always a winner.
You are victors!
You are number one!
Top of the class!
Consider the successes that have been achieved by tired, discouraged people who decided to give it one more try.
When there's a piano to be moved, don't reach for the stool.
Why do you come here?
Why are you here?
Why don't you come earlier?
Bollocks, where in God's name did I put my house keys?
You can't read anymore?
Am I in London?
This is your color!
I like curls.
That day will go down in history.
This isn't a big farm, but it's enough to provide fresh air.
Some politicians are wolves in sheep's clothing.
Mr. Brown has a magical way with children.
Mr. Fujimori is famous all over the world.
He's too young to drink.
I've been studying Chinese for a long time, but I'm not fluent.
I'm getting a master's degree in education.
Alice was beginning to get very tired of sitting by her sister on the bank, and of having nothing to do: once or twice she had peeped into the book her sister was reading, but it had no pictures or conversations in it, 'and what is the use of a book,' thought Alice 'without pictures or conversation?'
I am a very old man; how old I do not know.
Possibly I am a hundred, possibly more; but I cannot tell because I have never aged as other men, nor do I remember any childhood.
As I stood upon the bluff before my cottage on that clear cold night in the early part of March, 1886, the noble Hudson flowing like the grey and silent spectre of a dead river below me, I felt again the strange, compelling influence of the mighty god of war, my beloved Mars, which for ten long and lonesome years I had implored with outstretched arms to carry me back to my lost love.
Human life faces the same alternatives that confront all other forms of life—of adapting itself to the conditions under which it must live or becoming extinct.
So long as you live in a civilized or thickly populated community you will still need to understand your own nature and the natures of other people.
No matter what you desire of life, other people's aims, ambitions and activities constitute vital obstructions along your pathway.
One morning, when Victor woke from troubled dreams, he found himself transformed in his bed into a big mess of spaghetti.
The pen I lost yesterday was a new one.
That student raised his hand to ask a question.
Tom ordered a French bread pizza.
Tom blew all his money on a motorcycle.
There's a cockroach in the bathroom.
There's a spider in the shower.
There's an ant in the hall.
There's a peacock in the courtyard.
Tom used a toothpick.
There's some mould in the showers.
Tom chickened out.
Tom is homesick.
Tom is panting.
Tom passed out from the heat.
That white parasol is hers.
Mary is wearing a plastic dress.
At this beer hall, you can order beers up to one litre in size.
At this beer hall, you can order beers up to one liter in size.
Tom is skittish.
Tom wiped his spectacles.
Tom wiped his glasses.
Two girls were hanging on to Tom's arms.
Tom was involved in a street brawl.
I don't like to wear shoes without socks.
All hell broke loose.
Mary works in a supermarket.
Tom likes reggae.
Why did you kiss me?
Tom has a black eye.
Tom beat Mary black and blue.
It's good training.
The coffin was loaded into the hearse.
I'm swamped with work.
Tom was cremated.
Tom passed away this morning.
The drunken sailors wrecked havoc inside the bar.
Tom always goes to the supermarket where Mary works.
Tom's father is very strict.
Tom was elated.
Show him who's boss!
Tom is a delinquent who comes from a rich home.
Tom is hyperactive.
You are the fifth wheel on the wagon.
The baby is due in a month.
Tom has dozens of mistresses.
Mary was the only female teacher.
Tom was sent to Coventry.
Mary gave Tom a stern look.
Mary was dressed in lycra.
I will give you a large folder.
It is said to be carcinogenic.
You must prepare that work before the deadline.
She has a slight lisp.
Suddenly, everything went black.
I also want it!
Suddenly, I blacked out.
Tom only listens to B-sides.
Tom rushed past me.
Tom looked petrified.
Mary is hysterical.
This shouldn't be allowed.
Tom took his shirt off.
Mary massaged my shoulders.
Tom told me his secret.
Tom told me he's getting married.
Tom is a natural athlete.
Mary and I plan to have two children.
Tom cracked a joke.
Mary is still living at home with her parents.
Mary thinks martial arts are silly.
Mary doesn't have expensive tastes.
After working hard all the weekend, finally we have a livable apartment!
He's faking.
She's faking.
"You're a murderer!" "No, I'm not!"
Today is the tomorrow we worried about yesterday.
I have a terrible headache!
I sold my soul, but I wasn't using it anyways.
That's the person I've been waiting for.
I would like to know who my parents are.
We will endeavour to finish the job by the end of the week.
As soon as we got there, it began to rain.
It all makes sense now.
It was very hard for me to find your apartment.
Mr. Ford is what is called a self-made man.
Mr. Johnson is older than I thought he was.
Mr. Smith is now president of this company.
She accumulated a fortune by investing wisely.
I had a slight headache, so I went to bed early.
He heard a strange noise, so he jumped out of bed.
I think it's important to keep promises.
I think it's important for us to stay calm.
If you want to sound like a native speaker, you must be willing to practise saying the same sentence over and over in the same way that banjo players practise the same phrase over and over again until they can play it correctly and at the desired tempo.
I don't eat.
I owe him dollars.
The train arrived bang on time.
The father, who is on a business trip, always writes to his son.
We must pay attention to our children.
The new decoration gave joy to the house.
I'm a cave diver.
He died diving into a cave.
I always made my mother proud.
I am eating.
I am eating fruit.
Do you like spicy food?
An uninvited guest is a pleasant surprise.
Spring is on the way!
Is the glass half full or half empty?
This photo reminds me of Scotland.
Lincoln was assassinated in 1865.
This blog post gives us ample information on just how delusional the recording industry really is, and shows why they must be stopped.
It works on my machine.
He is a truly brave person.
Tom is the only person who can do this work.
Can you do that? I think so.
I demand that you remove your slanderous and defamatory comments at once or my lawyers will be in touch.
Fear my leet skills!
I should do it now.
Would you still love me if I wasn't a werewolf?
There is a cat on fire in my pants!
There was snow on the island of Lulus on January 14, 2012.
Wait! One! Two! Five--I mean, Three! Throw!
That's creepy.
Tom is a creep.
Tom is a pervert.
Tom should stop his tomfoolery.
The sirens are wailing.
The students burned their textbooks.
Mary had the last laugh.
Eggs can be used as weapons.
Tom threw an egg at Mary.
No alcohol is allowed on campus.
Tom and Mary attended a costume party.
I have a proposal.
Those keys aren't mine.
Pardon me, I didn't know you were still there.
He swore that he would no longer drink.
They have a different opinion regarding your problem.
The house there belongs to me.
We have a great school library.
How do you interpret the poem?
When do you plan on beginning?
George's heart was broken.
One quickly recaptured him.
What different types of meat do you sell?
If you had helped me, I would have succeeded.
I'm searching for friends here.
In a dictatorship laughing can be an indictable offense.
You have no right to throw me out.
That's as plain as the nose on your face.
Are you in favor of that policy or are you opposed to it?
Fire at will.
Are you afraid?
How are my buddies?
How'd you do it?
Are you afraid of it?
Tom always wears his seatbelt.
Better that ten guilty persons escape than that one innocent suffer.
Tom doesn't like jazz.
Mary teaches yoga.
Where is the bridge?
Tom had a noodle soup.
Tom and Mary are backpackers.
Tom blacked out.
Tom had a grand time.
Tom woke up with a headache.
Tom woke up naked.
Mary is wearing a tie-dyed top.
He doesn't deserve that I should hurt his feelings.
How did you come to know about her?
We didn't give them a choice.
Oh, nothing special.
Please, go ahead.
I must look a sight.
Mr. Yoshida is too severe with his children.
She's going to get married to Mr. Johnson on June 4th.
This problem is too hard for me to solve.
Mr. Thomas will be able to solve the problem.
The doctor told Mr. Smith to give up smoking.
It was yesterday morning that I saw Mr. Carter.
Mr. Adams was foolish to agree to the proposal.
My grandmother mailed the letter this morning.
Letters from Fiona came gradually less and less.
You are so pretentious!
Opportunities of time vouchsafed by Heaven are not equal to advantages of situation afforded by the Earth, and advantages of situation afforded by the Earth are not equal to the union arising from the accord of Men.
You just mocked me.
You are difficult and incorrigible.
I want it for my cat!
My brother wants to kill me.
It wasn't long before Mr. Yamazaki recovered.
The functions sine and cosine have a range of values between -and 1, inclusive.
Mr. Brown took charge of this class last year.
Mr. Smith had three sons who became engineers.
We tend to think that most dogs bite.
Mr. Kaifu is used to making speeches in public.
Mr. Taylor wishes he hadn't come to the party.
Mr. Ogawa is familiar with this neighborhood.
They came out of nowhere.
Tom came out of nowhere.
Mary has a slightly tanned skin.
Mary is quite superficial.
Mary is quite snobby.
Mary is quite fussy.
Mary comes from a good family.
Mary is easy-going and fun.
Tom is a sociologist.
Mary is a party girl.
Tom is a party animal.
Tom got suspended.
Tom is a party boy.
Tom is wearing a sombrero.
Tom is wearing a hat.
It's Tom's birthday today!
Tom is wearing a birthday hat.
Tom is wearing a party hat.
Tom wore only his birthday suit.
Mary asked Tom to go to the opera with her.
Mary is a materialist.
Tom and Mary are nouveau riche.
Mary tried to sneak into the nightclub.
Tom works as a bouncer.
Tom is a Baby Boomer.
Tom and Mary are rich kids.
They're just rich kids.
Tom goes to a top private school.
Tom works in a fast food joint.
Mary went to the tanning salon.
Mary likes to hang out with the bad boys.
Tom is a rebellious boy.
Mary is a rebellious girl.
Tom is a lecherous old man.
He loved the change.
What's the ideal age for a man?
What's the ideal age for a girl?
Tom and Mary are wearing their school uniforms.
Mary is a bad girl.
Tom likes to hang out around here.
This book was accused of having a bad influence on youth.
Tom is a puritan.
Tom is an elitist.
You should know how to cook a chicken.
He is going to be in charge.
I want it in my office.
I want him in my office.
I need to see him again.
You weren't interrogated today, right?
You were not interrogated today, were you?
What are you on about?
He didn't exactly cover himself in glory.
Tom's home and office were searched by the police.
Mary is a porcelain maker.
Mary is a potter.
Mary uses a potter's wheel.
I'm in a desperate situation.
Tom is using the blow torch.
Tom is using the blowtorch.
Tom is using the blowlamp.
Tom doesn't believe in life after death.
Tom believes in the existence of the soul.
Mary bought a new winter coat.
It's a picture of Mary and her long-haired boyfriend.
Tom is stark naked.
Mary comes from the upper middle-class.
Tom was expelled from private school.
Tom and Mary visited Northern Europe.
Tom and Mary visited Scandinavia.
Tom has an iPhone.
Mary read the German translation.
Music has charms to soothe the savage breast.
Mary's nipples became erect.
Tom bought two copies of the book.
This did not happen.
This never happened.
Tom lives an active life.
When in Rome...
Would you be able to write down the link to the site?
I wish you wouldn't do that.
This is rather foolish.
I wish you didn't do that.
Tom woke up at the crack of dawn.
Everyone is trying his best.
Tom wears thick-rimmed glasses.
She lives two doors down.
Be patient.
It would be nice if it stopped raining.
They say that one look is worth more than thousand words.
At the risk of surprising you, I happen to work.
When I looked at her, she looked down.
They tried to escape.
She calmed herself before beginning to speak.
The sun will also shine for us.
I am very tired when I get home at night.
The roof is very low.
Who's one of your favorite bass players?
Mary knows nothing of sewing or knitting.
They went to an expensive restaurant for lunch.
Tom doesn't know how to tie his shoelaces.
Tom is a Rhodes scholar.
Mary is a brave girl.
Tom became a whistleblower.
Tom drank the Kool-Aid.
Tom was laid off.
Tom was made redundant.
Tom got laid.
Don't trust anyone here.
It's a great conversation starter.
I hate to contradict you.
Who's headlining Glastonbury this year?
Tom doesn't want to take risks.
Tom is incredibly good.
Does this ring a bell?
Tom likes money.
That is a very good thing.
There's nothing wrong with that. Not at all.
Tom bought a Geiger counter.
It's as simple as that.
It's misleading.
Tom is fairly pretentious.
Tom walked around the island.
Tom is a dumbass.
I'm learning German now.
He who acts well needs not to fear.
Is there a problem with that television?
He's a world-famous writer.
The problem is in the motor.
When there is no question word in a sentence asking a question, one uses the word "ĉu”.
Zamenhof is the creator of Esperanto.
Perfect people don't exist.
The woman is fat.
At what time did he leave?
Which team are you on?
I didn't know it was there.
I'm feeling very agreeable.
I'm feeling very much in agreement
The sky is big.
This isn't fun. This is boring.
Tom has a sense of entitlement.
Look at that short pretty girl.
Tom and Mary worked in a coal mine as children.
I'm going to the store.
This is terrible.
Tom is a comic book writer.
Tom majored in Fine Arts.
This is absolutely wonderful.
Tom is a very intense person.
Tom is a castaway.
Tom is not going to do it.
Tom was sacked.
Tom has no idea what the fuck he's doing.
There's nothing sexual about it.
Tom did what he was told.
Tom is chewing bubble gum.
Tom had no reason not to do it.
Mary is licking an ice cream cone.
It's open to interpretation.
Tom declined comment on the issue.
Tom's company went public.
People can't do a lot of things at the same time.
Please turn off the light so that I can sleep.
Valentine's Day is on Sunday this year.
Take your coat off and make yourself at home.
I wish you hadn't done that.
I hope you don't do that.
Why didn't you do that?
I really do hope that you'll do that without complaining.
Tom had never done that kind of thing before.
The company he used to work for went into bankruptcy last month.
He even called me an idiot.
Suffering many hardships and overcoming many trials to come to a certain point will test one's strength of will.
How many days are you going to be visiting your hometown?
This is a world where the sun doesn't shine.
You decide on what to do.
I want to spend my free time wisely.
The acceptance rates for famous universities are low, so examinees must try their hardest to get in.
This house is no fortress or castle, but it still instills a sense of security.
Tom can blame no one but himself.
I didn't feel her presence.
Thanks for the hard work.
My grandfather likes reading books.
I resolved myself to go.
I decided to go.
I've decided on going.
Virtually all of the Americans were in favor of the decision.
If you're willing to go that far, then even death sounds like a better way.
He could not live up to expectations.
Next, I would like to be able to sing better.
Sorry I couldn't save you.
I'm sorry that I couldn't assist you.
I'm sorry, I can't put up with you.
Oomoto can be included among the new religions of Japan.
I'd be happy if I was healthy.
Tom admitted that he had stolen money from Mary.
Esperanto is a fun language to learn.
How is one able to sleep inside an airplane?
I think that he won't come.
Saying "I'm not a racist, but..." in an introductory manner can sometimes be passed off as racist.
I've met him once before.
Mexico is a country whose borders adjoin with those of the United States.
I live in Tahiti.
I ate at a curry house.
I want to drink coconut milk.
I think that that car is slowly following us.
Light is quintessential. Light is life.
My back has been acting up since this morning, so I don't feel so well.
We understand our own movements extremely well, and we can use them for reference.
That's a strange question.
I don't think that there's anything left to fix.
I hear that you yourself are quite the smooth operator.
There are many, many planets in the Milky Way which are just as big as Jupiter.
I wonder what language aliens would speak in.
If it's too much for you to handle, then you don't have to do it.
A puppet does not know that it is being controlled.
I was visited by a customer.
My hand got bitten by my beloved dog.
This morning, my friends ate the fruits that my little sister had bought.
She's well-informed, so she might know something.
She said herself that she won't fall in love with anyone anymore.
So much so that I feel like I'm losing my grasp on the whereabouts.
You are eating a muffin for breakfast.
The painting is deteriorating.
Teachers should deal fairly with their students.
The people going to Ueno Park are lonely.
She is a little shy.
I think that this is a sunny spot.
Ten million yen will be enough for the project.
The apples he sent to me were delicious.
The apples that he sent to me were delicious.
"He probably wants to eat some shaved ice," he said.
"If you'll excuse me..." he said. I think it's a shame.
"I think it's kinda weird," he said.
I will get comments.
Luxury and convenience do not equate to happiness.
His suitcase was full of water.
It's discouraging that the travel expenses add up to 20,yen.
She is getting older.
The apples he sent me were delicious.
He poured me some mysterious tea.
You scared me, Robert!
You're a workaholic.
He has a good sense of feeling.
He is overconfident.
He bought a car.
He is antisocial.
There is a continuation.
One cannot erase the past.
The process is important.
Those three are his daughters.
I'll look it over later.
No fussing!
Could this be love?
The knife is dull.
It's still being tested.
Do you understand Roman numerals?
How old do I look?
Everything will be fine.
Can you show me that picture?
Can you show me those pictures?
They made noises all night, which kept me awake.
You are my happiness.
How is your wife doing?
Your words don't match your actions.
Go exercise outside.
So you ate at your house?
The boy was silent.
He was bewildered.
He was perplexed.
He sat in the chair.
She was crying.
How is it?
You must not kill.
Is dad in the kitchen?
It is currently -10°C.
Have as much fun as you can!
No sugar for you?
I made supper.
I felt isolated.
The people I work with are all very kind.
The shopping festival that everyone had been waiting for starts today. Because of this, the security force has thoroughly checked their plan to protect the safety of those attending for any flaws.
If you calmly look at the reply you sent to an email, you'll find that it'll have "you" all over it. While you may use the pretext that you're just working with whatever information the addressee gave you, in the end it's just all about yourself. This is wrong. Let's be a little more careful, shall we?
Fiona's letters gradually came less and less.
His book is oriented towards children, but here and there are words that he has never seen before. He doesn't know whether it is just him, or if they are just simply difficult words, but he finds them not worth the effort to look up in a dictionary, so he just keeps on reading.
I don't understand what he said.
If you don't receive a smile you were expecting, try giving a smile instead. That's because someone who forgot to give you a smile doesn't expect to get one from you instead.
"Do you know what kind of tree you just broke?" "No, I don't," I answered the detective. While looking through the open door, the detective shouted, "Hey, do you know what kind of tree he just broke?" "Um, looks like it's a yew plum pine," said the voice of a young woman. After straightening himself in his seat, the detective asked me one more time: "Do you know what kind of tree you just broke?"
"Looks like Maki's a twin!" Ken said. "Really now," I replied, totally uninterested. Maki was a member of a ukulele club that ran beside our club in the school lounge. She looked lovely in Ken's eyes, but to me she was just the sixth cutest girl in class - average, in my opinion.
Nobita is someone who can bestow happiness upon others and shoulder their misfortunes. That is, for a human, an extremely valuable trait. He'll probably make you happy, too.
I like this job, but I'd prefer not to call my boss over in a loud voice whenever something bad happens. I'm partial to elegance.
Spending two hours writing an email that won't even take up one page of a sheet of paper is not something you can write home about. It's more like you're writing about your own inability to write coherently.
Comparing American English and British English is like counting incompatible sets of floors of a building. That's why, when you try translating over and over again between the two, it's like climbing an endless set of floors. You might even reach the moon someday doing that.
But you see, while other people may not know, in my case, if I just had the time, I'd be buried over my head in things I'd want to do. I don't have the time to not think about things I need or want.
I sent an email to an old friend of mine. We haven't kept in touch for awhile, being that the last time we met was over two years ago and haven't contacted each other since. There's no reply from her yet. I'm starting to get anxious.
Talk about light pollution.
Please forget about the orienteering that you did at that outdoors school. Well, actually, you don't have to forget it, but the orienteering that we're doing here is completely different.
So the reason that Tanaka stayed home today was because his grandmother died? Didn't he say that last month, and the month before that, too? Skipping is one thing, but I'd like him to at least come up with a better excuse than that.
A woman is not a creature that acknowledges the things you've done right, but rather, one that without fail will point out the one thing you've done wrong.
I can say for certain that my mother's cooking is by no means skillful. I prefer food that is actually properly seasoned, like my wife's. Nevertheless, I want my mother to teach me how to cook. It's her flavors that I've tasted since childhood, you see.
The notion of upper-class and lower-class among humans in this world is a topic likely to be found in a woman's essay. Anyone who thinks that falls in the lower-class category of humans.
Once I arrived home from school, I heard some sounds coming from my closet, and thinking that it was just our pet cat Chiro, I opened the door wide open, and instead found some guy I didn't know inside.
He was confused by something, as though he wasn't used to this kind of restaurant, but I stayed clear of him by pretending that I, too, wasn't used to the restaurant.
The first native speaker of Esperanto was a girl who was born in 1904. The number of people who speak Esperanto today number in the thousands.
I couldn't tell what kind of person this girl I met on the internet was from her profile, but something about her still piqued my curiosity, as though I had met her in a previous life, or something occult-ish like that, anyways.
I was surprised when I got a call from my daughter's workplace, saying that she had suddenly collapsed. She had struck her head, so I was worried, but was relieved when I was notified by the hospital that they had found nothing wrong with her.
The hospital that I went to for my allergies recommended me a shampoo that wouldn't trigger them. It's certainly effective - I think - but it's just way too expensive.
My neighbor is having some work done on his roof starting tomorrow, so he came to let me know about it. "There might be a lot of dust, so I apologize beforehand. Thank you in advance."
I was getting close to the summit, but there were several boulders in my way, and trying to get over them almost did me in. Sometimes there were loose rocks all over the place, too.
"You should write a novel or something." "Nah, I don't think so. I can't see myself coming up with anything good, anyways."
"I'll never let myself be protected by a man" is what she said, but she seems to be perfectly fine letting herself get escorted around by a guy that she likes.
Put away evil without hesitation.
By the way, is there some blog or column online that you check often? Well, it doesn't have to be online; magazines are fine, too.
You know, the ones where you skewer some marshmallows and roast them. I don't know what they're called but they're really good. Let's try roasting some at my place sometime, too.
While at first he got famous from an independent film that he made, he then went from the director of a musical TV series to a full-fledged movie director. Such was his career.
My grandmother's mother is my "great grandmother," so my great grandmother's mother is my "great great grandmother"? Is that right?
I worry that, because the Japanese lines in this site are written with furigana, they take up a lot of space, and the people who don't even care about them in the first place might find them annoying.
Each part of a book starts with references to its author's life: a passage from a read book, a question directed to a stranger on a roadside, something shouted by a girlfriend.
If you truly want to upgrade your language skills, then translation might not be the best way to do it, but you're really just playing around, so I believe that if you find it fun, then more power to you.
I think I'll have more fun reading something now. I was always part of the bookworm group, but there are times when I just don't feel like reading anything. Right now I'm getting lots of "Read! Read!" waves coming at me.
The store that I always go to has Calbee potato chips on sale for yen a bag. My favorite flavor is lightly salted. As a matter of fact, the ingredients for this particular flavor changes from time to time. Today's chips are chemical-free, made with natural salt. Fitting for someone like me.
Fundamentally, you're not practicing anything by translating, so even if you say that you can't do it, once you've set your sights on a similar sentence you've seen before that is more natural yet does not quite convey the original sentence's nuances, translation proves to be an act that is quite addicting.
I said everything I had to say.
Please, let me speak!
They couldn't stop laughing.
I feel lonely.
Why are you making that face?
I don't remember anything else right now.
You can give me a hand, now that you're here.
He likes to kick back with some music on.
I think she has a beautiful smile.
You're wearing out my patience!
She showed up in the park at the appointed time.
I don't remember anything else at this time.
You say that you're afraid of being disliked by other people, but you have some people that you dislike yourself, don't you? Arithmetically speaking, there are an equal number of people who you don't like that don't like you back. I'm not saying that if you end your dislike of someone, someone else will stop disliking you as well; it's just that you can't change the fact that if you dislike someone, then someone else dislikes you as well. Your life will go much smoother if you just give up and accept that truth.
My patience is wearing thin.
How old is this tree?
This tree is more than a century old.
This tree is more than a hundred years old.
The road was paved in tar.
The pen has run out of ink.
Don't bother me.
When I was in my first years of grade school, my father taught me a haiku and I longed to be a poet. On my Tanabata wish, I also wrote "Please make me a poet". Thirty years have passed and my wish has been granted. I am without doubt an invalid.
Do you believe in extraterrestrials?
Is there life in outer space?
She couldn't go to the wedding.
I have a stomach ache.
Thank you for looking after my sister.
My cell phone was off.
Education is very important.
There are many endangered species.
There's music for everyone.
What was the first capital of Portugal?
I'm a little tired, that's all.
It's done!
How many galaxies are there in the universe?
The trip was really fun.
The trip was exhausting.
This was a really fun trip.
This was a really exhausting trip.
Which do you like best—fish or meat?
I bought a camera.
What's the first thing you do when you wake up?
I was about to call him, but then I forgot.
All right, but don't say I didn't warn you.
Which do you like best—apples or oranges?
We got lost.
Since he did not fit within any preexisting religion, he decided to establish his own.
You're kidding, right?
We're all citizens of the world.
She's a very good swimmer.
The peace treaty will be signed tomorrow.
Now I remember!
You see? It wasn't all that hard.
You see? It wasn't so hard.
I didn't have time today. I'll go tomorrow.
She got home exhausted today.
She likes the smell of pine trees.
Philip wants to get ripped.
"I'll be on my way, then. See you later!" "I guess I'd better go, too."
What are my chances of surviving?
That would be cool.
That would be very sad.
We have the opposite problem.
I go to all of my club's matches whenever I can.
We've made good progress.
If he keeps threatening you, then you should go to the police.
Tom likes experimenting.
Tom likes trying out new things.
Tom is dressed in an inappropriate manner.
Even though I already saw this movie, I decided to see it again.
I wholeheartedly agree.
I wholeheartedly agree with everything Tom said.
He doesn't give any help with housework.
We should collaborate on the project.
I'm studying in the library.
I heard more vitriol in the debate than reasoned argument.
I'm going to have a beer.
I'm going to drink a beer.
Do you think it works?
This afternoon I feel very tired.
Here's a new tip for you!
That's a really shallow thing to say.
The water here is very shallow.
This is appalling.
Mary kicked Tom in the nuts.
Mary kicked Tom in the balls.
Mary kicked Tom in the groin.
It was hilarious!
Why would someone do that?
Tom thinks that his computer is possessed by an evil spirit.
Tom's computer is so old that it still runs Windows 98.
Tom's house is haunted.
A dark shadow passed behind Tom.
Tom saw a ghost.
Tom says that ghosts aren't real.
Tom is deeply disturbed.
Tom says that he is able to communicate with the dead.
This is so depressing.
I'm out riding my bike.
There is no magic bullet.
After the conversation ends, he says a friendly goodbye and wishes me a pleasant evening.
Whenever you come home late, your parents will start harping you on it, and you'll find it unbearable. No matter how late it gets, they'll stay up just to wait for you. They should just go to sleep already, don't you think?
I want it for my puppy!
The only thing he did before he briskly went on ahead was give us a map. The remainder of us could only rely on the map to figure out where to go.
My son? He doesn't seem to be interested in classical music. I always hear some loud music coming from his room, though - techno, electric, or what have you.
Children don't always listen to their parents.
Now I can recall!
Let's call a spade a spade.
The beams in his house are rotting.
Tom has lost control of the class.
Tom has no authority.
Tom lacks discipline.
Tom is a spineless coward.
Tom fondled Mary's breasts.
This is the last straw.
It's getting ridiculous.
Everybody wanted me to do it.
Many teachers have a problem with Tom.
Tom is insolent.
Tom refuses to work.
Tom is brain damaged.
Tom has fallen out of favor.
No sex was involved.
Tom is a powerlifter.
Tom needs to let off some steam.
Yes, I believe that you should go.
What about your wife?
There was a lot of tension between Tom and Mary.
Mary was merry.
A virus infected Tom's computer.
Tom is taking a few days off.
Mary berated Tom.
Tom is a successful lawyer.
Tom has a gramophone.
Tom looks like a tired old man.
Tom didn't want to do their dirty work.
Tom is a cut above the rest.
Tom got a phonecall from the hospital.
Tom's new girlfriend is a vegetarian.
Tom and Mary shared a room.
Don't tell anyone we've done this.
Don't tell anyone we're doing this.
Don't tell anyone what we're doing.
Tom was badly beaten up.
The inquiry has been cranked up a notch.
You know it's true.
Tom was crying.
The bigger man often wins.
There was revelry at Tom's house.
Tom slid his tongue into Mary's ear.
Mary has never cooked a turkey.
Tom listened to Gregorian chant.
This restaurant is full of young couples.
Tom's family is eccentric.
Tom made a poor impression.
I stopped drinking coffee.
Mary caught syphillis.
She went to the mall with her friends.
She hadn't seen him in a long time.
The party was really fun.
You'd better tell me if you did something wrong.
Be careful what you say, Andrea; the walls have ears.
I told her to give up on that crazy thought.
We all need to learn to deal with this situation.
You should resign.
You'd better hurry, or you'll miss the train.
We should get out of here.
We should leave.
All I want is to be alone for a few months.
Even though I don't wear those shoes anymore, I can't bring myself to get rid of them.
"How about some horror stories?" "No, I'd rather not mess with those kinds of things."
That dog stinks!
That animal is huge!
The boy has guts.
Sarah will throw a big party with a lot of music.
The forest is in a better state of preservation.
That cake is really tasty!
Pull out all the nouns from the text.
I thought that a laptop would cost a fortune; however, the prices have gone down considerably.
I can't imagine what creatures living on another planet are like.
Not a word to anyone, please.
We would appreciate it if you would contact Mr. Hirose.
The worst part is, it wasn't always like this.
If you're going to apologize, you should do it right away.
Students stand up when their teacher enters.
I cannot recall anything else at this time.
He is British.
Do you have a mobile phone?
It is subject to interpretation.
He is English.
What can I say?
Don't watch those shows.
Please be sure to turn off the light before you leave.
My present is better!
My mother could speak five languages.
Thanks, I downloaded all six files.
I can't visit you every day.
They have watched TV serials this evening.
How much wood would a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood?
One should see oneself with one's neighbour's eye.
Her business was started with capital of $2,000.
I believe it's my duty to protect these children.
I can't put up with the inconvenience of country life.
I think it's strange that he didn't speak to you.
In all probability, we'll arrive before them.
In all probability, we'll arrive before they do.
I'm on crutches since I broke both my legs.
This task is difficult for me.
He said he was angry, and that he wanted to go home to eat dinner.
He heard him cry at midnight.
The woman is right.
Is there a possibility that you're pregnant?
He that dies pays all debts.
Could you repeat that using simpler words?
He was a great teacher so his children were very obedient.
He was a great educator so his children really listened to him.
Io was one of the lovers of Zeus and was transformed into a cow by him.
Tom thinks his country is the greatest country in the world.
I wake up at half past five in the morning.
He is a native English speaker.
Theater is boring.
This is a four-way stop.
Do you want to come to do the shopping?
You can eat very well there.
The next artist is amazing.
His mobile has been stolen.
I would like to move to Australia.
Wanna crash at my place?
This is your first assignment.
Tom has to confess his crime.
He's on the train.
Alice has stunning legs.
Tom is a choirboy.
When the sun of culture is low, even dwarfs will cast long shadows.
Tom is a Boy Scout.
When the sun of culture hangs low, even dwarfs will cast long shadows.
It doesn't seem to work.
All creatures drink joy at the breast of nature; all good, all evil follow her trail of roses.
Whoever has succeeded in the great attempt to be a friend's friend; whoever has won a lovely woman, add in his jubilation!
What would I be without my nuclear warheads?
The utmost God has forgotten to be God.
Coffee and Pu-erh tea are elixirs of life.
Something's dawned on me.
It seems to me that this is not entirely wrong.
How does one eat this?
Drink everything up, so that nothing remains inside.
She said she was happy.
She said: "Trust me".
One is new, the other is old.
Is it meant to snow tonight?
You shouldn't smoke whilst you work.
This food is raw.
Tom only eats raw food.
He can run a thousand metres in four minutes.
Mary doesn't eat meat.
Press the Shift button.
He runs faster than I.
I had loads of fun.
Without your help I would have had no success.
The more I think I about it, the less it pleases me.
Basil, sage, rosemary, thyme and oregano are popular herbs.
The doctor told me I had to stop smoking.
Yesterday I heard you talking in your sleep.
She's looking for a better job.
"Do abbots mow hay?" "Abbots never mow hay. Abbots pray."
They arrived before you.
Is it dangerous to travel alone on the U-Bahn?
I had never before seen this species of fish.
The students could not answer.
The students couldn't answer.
No sooner had I left the house than it started to rain.
As it began to rain, I had just left the house.
The American Civil War is the central theme of the book.
Science does not solve all of life's problems.
The rainy season begins towards the end of June.
We couldn't open the door because it was locked from the inside.
I'm learning the Basque language.
I bought some new wife-beaters at the mall today.
The jar is empty.
A true democracy allows free speech.
The principal's democracy made him popular among teachers and students.
Joseph has a limp.
Joseph will arbitrate the game.
Joseph can't play soccer. He trips on the ball and mixes everything up.
You're so beautiful it hurts.
When I opened my eyes, everyone began to sing "Happy Birthday".
Joseph is a skilled economist.
The dictator came to power fifteen years ago.
It seemed that no one was in the village.
Mr. Yamada gives us a lot of homework every day.
I hope that your parents will allow us to get married.
I think I need to finish that work before noon.
I worked with Mr. Spencer for a year in New York.
It is rumored there are treasures hidden there.
Mr. Smith always begins his lectures with a joke.
Mr. Tani and his wife were present at that party.
Mr. Yamada is in charge of the personnel section.
Nagoya is a city famous for its castle.
Nagoya is a city that's famous for its castle.
Please turn off the light before you go to sleep.
There are more than 4,languages in the world.
I'm really tired today.
This is the park where we said our last goodbye.
Everybody thought it was strange that he lived alone.
He turned up half an hour late.
I don't want to know about it.
I'm looking forward to watching the movie with her.
We're voting now on the voting procedure.
I saw Mr. Yamada at Shinjuku Station this morning.
Although communication and excommunication sound similar, they have absolutely nothing to do with one other.
I can't understand the meaning.
Too little is just as bad as too much.
To each his own passion.
Politics is the drilling of very thick planks.
I don't want to go and eat today.
It's a done deal.
Do you know where she was born?
Not every untrue statement is a lie.
National pride counts among those things which I don't understand.
She's been ill since last Wednesday.
She's been sick since last Wednesday.
What is it that impels people to vote for the FDP?
I don't think he will come.
Shall I get you a ticket for the concert?
What are then the deeds of men in the face of eternity?
If you leave it up to others to deal with all the things that you don't know how to do, you'll never learn how to do these things yourself.
That which for mathematicians is illogical is entirely normal for musicians: seven plus seven is thirteen.
It's a pity that concrete doesn't burn.
It's a shame that concrete doesn't burn.
This word is of Latin descent.
While this is grammatically correct, you wouldn't express it so in the real life, right?
It's important to read a lot of books.
In a closed system the sum of the contained energies remains constant.
I like to leave unattended baggage at international airports and railway stations.
The true art of acting is to conceal from the audience that which is part of the role and that which comes from you personally.
She's putting the children to bed.
A friend of mine recently slipped on a toy car that his son had left lying on the stairs, and has broken his big toe.
Everything flows.
Material wealth often goes hand in hand with social deprivation.
Alcohol - never again!
The question is perhaps too complex for you.
The dark night of the soul is death in the midst of life.
Two hunters meet: both are dead.
Horror has a name.
Love is simply a temporary hormonal imbalance.
TV is also not what it used to be.
Without music the world is a vale of tears.
This sentence doesn't exist yet on tatoeba.org.
This sentence hasn't yet been translated.
This sentence has yet to be translated.
Happiness isn't the destination, happiness is the journey.
Prohibition is hereby officially prohibited.
A spectre haunts Europe: the spectre of communism.
No, no, and furthermore, no!
My mother has cooked ten eggs.
Some people believe that seven is a lucky number.
Some believe that seven is a lucky number.
I don't have the slightest doubt.
Have you anything to eat?
How much homework do you get every day?
I can write good stories when I feel like it.
She's apples.
Puns were found in ancient Egypt, where they were heavily used in development of myths and interpretation of dreams.
Go placidly amid the noise and the haste, and remember what peace there may be in silence.
As far as possible without surrender be on good terms with all persons.
Speak your truth quietly and clearly; and listen to others, even to the dull and the ignorant, they too have their story.
Avoid loud and aggressive persons, they are vexations to the spirit.
If you compare yourself with others, you may become vain or bitter; for always there will be greater and lesser persons than yourself.
Enjoy your achievements as well as your plans.
Keep interested in your own career, however humble; it is a real possession in the changing fortunes of time.
Exercise caution in your business affairs, for the world is full of trickery.
But let not this blind you to what virtue there is; many persons strive for high ideals, and everywhere life is full of heroism.
Be yourself.
Especially do not feign affection.
Neither be cynical about love; for in the face of all aridity and disenchantment it is as perennial as the grass.
Take kindly the counsel of the years, gracefully surrendering the things of youth.
Nurture strength of spirit to shield you in sudden misfortune.
But do not distress yourself with dark imaginings.
Many fears are born of fatigue and loneliness.
Beyond a wholesome discipline, be gentle with yourself.
You are a child of the universe, no less than the trees and the stars; you have a right to be here.
And whether or not it is clear to you, no doubt the universe is unfolding as it should.
Therefore, be at peace with God, whatever you conceive Him to be.
And whatever your labors and aspirations in the noisy confusion of life, keep peace in your soul.
With all its sham, drudgery and broken dreams; it is still a beautiful world.
Be cheerful.
Strive to be happy.
You, too, my son.
I can't find my gloves.
He can't find his hat.
I wouldn't like to work in a hospital.
I wouldn't want to work in a hospital.
I don't want to be a nurse any more.
The French team scored as many goals as the English team.
Many flights were canceled because of the typhoon.
The rabbit is eating the carrot.
Please turn off the light when you leave the room.
There are about 1,students at our high school.
Traveling was much more difficult in those days.
France has banned a strain of genetically modified maize.
All the boxes are empty.
This is all a big misunderstanding.
I saw a big dog lying in front of Mr. Hill's house.
I'm sorry, but Mr. Rooney is tied up at the moment.
If he had gotten her advice, he would have succeeded.
If he had received her advice, he would have succeeded.
We'll probably be away for a few days.
I cannot get rid of it.
I can't get rid of it.
That old man died of cancer.
He doesn't care about anything.
I've got to skedaddle or I'll be late.
French doesn't belong to France. It belongs to all those who improve it.
As my teacher says, you cannot please both Greeks and Trojans.
Do you require our help?
Each part of the book starts with a quote taken from the life of the author: a passage from a book, a question asked to a stranger on the road, something shouted by a girlfriend.
I don't want to eat sausage for lunch, because I prefer meat with potatoes.
Whenever I come home late at night, my parents scold me and it annoys me. No matter how late I come back, they're awake and waiting for me. It would be so nice if they just went to sleep instead.
It would be great if you visited your friends in Poland someday.
Polish specialists work in Africa.
Polish archaeologists are conducting scientific studies in Sudan.
This tendency is quite useful.
He just gave us a map and sprinted ahead. We who were left behind had to go on with just the map to rely on.
You definitely like Chinese food.
These people are desperate and devoid of hope.
I'd like to be rich and not have to worry about money.
My son? He doesn't seem interested in classical music. I can't tell whether it's techno or electro, but he's always listening to music at a loud volume.
I really can't say that my mother cooks well. For seasoning as well, I prefer the way my wife cooks. But despite this, I want her to teach me. To teach me that taste that I tasted when I was a child.
It has nothing to do with real life.
A woman can be oblivious to a hundred things you did well, and point out only the things at which you failed.
But I don't want to.
A woman can fail to notice a hundred things you did right, and point out only the one thing you haven't done right.
Alive or dead, I'll always love you.
I think I'll stop now.
I don't want to be here. I want to not be here.
Tom wants someone to love him.
Tom doesn't watch TV.
Tom and Mary both like old movies.
I think Tom and Mary are dating.
I'm glad you brought this up.
Tom likes brunettes.
Tom likes blondes.
Tom likes redheads.
Though repeated, it is still a great story!
It's a dog and pony show.
Tom doesn't know the difference between God and the Devil.
A cheap drink makes you ill.
Old age isn't pleasant.
Give me the details.
Don't close the door.
At that time a primitive people lived there.
The kids aren't playing in the living room but rather in the garden.
The meeting was almost over.
The meeting was just about over.
He noticed I was there.
Thanks a lot for your help.
He wants to get rid of the ants.
Last night, we looked at the stars from the rooftop.
Most dinner parties end about eleven o'clock.
I hear he is a Tokyo University professor.
I'm so busy these days it's awful.
Take care of your own affairs yourself.
I can't tell you anything yet.
Mary is a psychic.
Tom burned the letter.
Tom is eating spaghetti.
Why are you following me?
The intelligence minster said they had solid evidence that the terrorists had come from a friendly country.
Please turn off the light before leaving the room.
Some students find it difficult to follow the rules.
I eat fish every week.
I eat meat three times a week.
The eagle is the queen of the winds.
Do you want sugar?
Thanks, I understood everything.
The man that you saw there yesterday was Mr. Brown.
It is suggested that there will soon be an election.
I'd like to buy a log cabin somewhere in Canada.
It was mesmerising.
It was mesmerizing.
You want to kill me.
Argentina, Chile, Uruguay, Paraguay and Southern Brazil are part of the Southern Cone.
To understand recursion you first need to understand recursion.
Will you play go with me?
His family staged an intervention to confront his abuse of prescription drugs.
We had a 'come to Jesus' meeting at the office over the bickering and fighting.
When I run, I feel the wind in my hair.
Each one has white teeth.
He lost his new watch.
The cat is looking at the fish.
Carrots cost three dollars.
All the flowers in the garden dried up.
After searching and asking around, they still couldn't find a suitable place.
She really hates this kind of thinking.
She really hates this way of thinking.
They want to kill me.
He's always burning the midnight oil.
This time, when he went into the hospital, he finally understood that one's health is really the most important thing of all.
I'm a good person.
Is this seat available?
I'm inconsolable.
Forty-eight sailors are on the ship.
Forty-eight sailors are on board.
Forty-eight sailors are aboard.
Everyone needs to find their own path.
Don't touch it!
I raised hell.
They left the house after the fire.
He left his wife and children.
Life in society requires communication.
This is the camera he took the picture with.
How do we know that he's innocent?
His friend promised never to abandon him.
The match ended with no goal.
Don't you see the clock?
I saw a group of tourists who spoke Turkish.
What are your wishes?
How restful it is to sleep under the shadow of a willow in an Anatolian village in summertime.
In the Cold War era, Soviet naval and air bases existed in Cuba and Vietnam.
Everything here is covered in dust.
That joke is mine.
I came yesterday.
Some people don't believe in God because they can't touch Him.
Is this a joke?
I turned on the TV and the Grand Prix was being broadcasted.
He is a painter, but he can't paint in the traditional Chinese style.
He's a painter, but he doesn't do traditional Chinese painting.
He has been secretly in love with her.
He has had a crush on her.
Soon it will be gone.
Tom is a neurologist.
Their numbers are dwindling.
I see what you did there.
Tom is a former paratrooper.
Everything is still new for me.
Tom thinks he's getting ripped off.
Tom was only or at the time.
Mary is the cutest girl in the class.
Tom is the cutest boy in the class.
Mary and her husband received the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1903.
He deserved it.
Tom is leading the charge.
It's outdated.
Tom is able to drive a car.
I haven't seen her for two months.
Things seem to be getting worse and worse.
Tom's dad is a university professor.
Christmas is only a few days away.
Mary looks absolutely stunning.
It was much more difficult than we initially thought.
Tom took some artistic license.
The damage was done.
In reply, Lisa asked me to calculate factorial in my head.
We have only one soap dish.
I feel so lost.
Don't play dead.
Why have you parked here?
Why did you park here?
I hope that everything is okay.
I want to show you something great.
What is for dinner today?
The committee members are all men.
What are we having for dinner today?
Work in large groups is terribly frustrating.
I will teach you to program, but not today.
He has green eyes.
Katarzyna and Milena are in the same class as Magdalena.
Is that French?
The bar is open until six in the morning.
It's the longest journey of my life!
I don't want to know anything until tomorrow.
Does nothing go well for him?
They read her book.
I will tell you tomorrow.
Tom lifted his head above the windowsill.
Tom was trapped.
Tom wanted to live.
Call me tomorrow.
The door creaked.
What is your name, sir?
Don't be nervous, Tom.
Run for it, Tom!
Hey, you!
"I think you're stupid," said Mary.
Tom is average.
Tom is a conformist.
Tom and Mary shook hands.
Tom ended in second place.
Words, words...
Tom was attacked by a shark.
Today it is snowing.
Today it's snowing.
It is snowing today.
A cat has seven lives.
This story cannot be true.
The price of rice went up three percent.
McDonald's will discontinue the use of boneless lean beef trimmings in their hamburgers.
No matter how busy you are, you have to do your homework.
I met a friend I hadn't seen for three years.
I closed the door quietly so I wouldn't wake the baby up.
Let her be beautiful and let me forget her.
How are you doing for money?
When is this crisis going to be over?
This mountain is covered in snow all year round.
He didn't listen to music.
If you have any free time, use it and do your homework.
To be allowed to drive you need a licence.
Some of my money has been stolen.
That was an excellent meeting.
Don't mess around!
He left the meeting for no reason.
Give me a piece of paper to write on!
Positive atomic nuclei attract negative electrons.
Aren't you exaggerating a bit?
He's under the thumb.
He's henpecked.
It's not what you say that counts, but how you say it.
Last year in the Philippines, earthquakes and tidal waves resulted in the deaths of more than 6,people.
Mr. White was the manager of a hotel in Springfield.
As far as he was concerned, things were going well.
That was such good a book that I read it three times.
That girl can't ride a bicycle.
That girl isn't able to ride a bicycle.
The magazine you lent me is very interesting.
The man she's going to marry is an astronaut.
I understood.
It was snowing, but it wasn't very cold outside.
The Bible is clearly a complex piece of writing that could not possibly have been written by a single author.
It was cold yesterday, but it's even colder today.
In the morning it was very cold.
Mr. Smith hasn't turned up yet though he promised to.
Mr. Wood came to the door and spoke to Tony's mother.
Tom begrudgingly accepted.
Tom ponied up 100$.
Tom's son was robbed for the third time.
This is a problem for elderly people.
Did she kiss well?
Tom is crazy about Mary.
Tom doesn't like to share.
Tom grabbed Mary by the hair.
You sound like your mother.
Tom is a maniac.
That man is unworthy of you.
Tom is in deep trouble.
Tom likes people similar to himself.
Tom is a normal guy.
Tom and Mary like crowded beaches.
Tom is a fascist.
Tom is a communist.
Tom is a socialist.
Tom doesn't like politics.
Tom is a plumber.
Tom is a member of the SWAT team.
Tom is a professional dancer.
Mary is a professional dancer.
Tom is a professional baseball player.
Tom is a professional hockey player.
Tom is a skydiving instructor.
The horse that won the race was owned by Mr. Johnson.
The hotel I'm staying at is near the station.
The motorcycle I borrowed from him broke down.
The trip will cost anywhere between $1,and $2,000.
I want to study German.
I will study German.
I studied English, French and Chinese.
In my room, there are no clocks.
I like the girl I met yesterday afternoon very much.
Do you think in German?
Get real, will you?
Tom is a little uptight.
Mary is wearing a low-cut top.
Mary is scantily clad.
Tom has a terrible memory.
Tom has limited free time.
There's a stowaway on the ship.
This is my favorite movie.
This is my favourite movie.
I can't write anymore.
That's just crazy.
That's a no-brainer.
It should be a no-brainer.
It's just a penis-measuring contest.
Tom went haywire.
Tom used a legal loophole.
Tom is cutting corners.
Tom is in the mood for love.
What could go wrong?
What could possibly go wrong?
It's a complete sham.
Tom is just a dick.
Tom says that he has changed his ways.
Tom gives to charities.
Tom is overreacting.
Tom and Mary are getting hot and heavy.
The lucky sod just won the lottery.
Things seem to be going hot and heavy between Tom and Mary.
The poor sod was shot dead a day before the end of the war.
That's woefully inadequate.
This is wildly optimistic.
Tom is looking for a job.
China has more than a billion inhabitants.
Tom has been placed under investigation.
This is immoral.
Tom spied on his roommate.
She went to Italy to study literature.
She'll be apples.
One clear thought is worth two neologisms.
There was an abandoned car by the river.
We always have to pay more.
The enemy committed a horrible slaughter in the city.
That's a cheap cop-out.
Tom wondered the same thing.
My computer is my best friend.
Tom has a wicked sense of humor.
Mary said that Tom was a sissy.
None of this is good.
The world has changed.
Tom is a witch doctor.
How am I gonna get started talking to this beautiful babe?
Tom is meditating.
That's pseudoscience.
Don't fool yourself.
Tom is cheating on his wife.
Tom is a rabbi.
Tom is a priest.
Tom is wasting time.
Mary doesn't eat red meat.
I want my own room.
Her husband is not too keen on the idea of her gallivanting off to the Eurovision final.
Tom is too young to drive a car.
Tom was sentenced to life in prison without parole.
Tom was sentenced to life without parole.
This was too much for Tom.
Tom is suffering from financial stress.
Tom is part of the working poor.
Tom has marital problems.
I noticed that I had grown up when I started following my parents' advice.
Tom was impressed with what he saw.
Mary was impressed with what she saw.
Tom is just fucking around.
Who cares about that?
Tom was super impressed.
Tom put Mary's suggestion down on his to-do list.
Tom doesn't have much of a chance.
Stop picking on Tom.
Don't take our word for it.
Don't take my word for it.
Don't take my word for it. Check it out yourself.
This is subject to change.
Put your hand up when I call your name.
I realized that I had grown up when I started heeding my parents' advice.
Everybody used to call him Tony.
I saw these people for years.
Tom made a hamfisted attempt.
That's quite over the top.
Tom filed a lawsuit.
Tom filed an access to information request.
Do not lean out of the window.
It's dangerous to lean out of the window.
She hasn't made it yet.
He hasn't made it yet.
But what has this to do with birds!
The Mayor of London doesn't like bendy buses.
I want you to come with me.
Tom always uses a condom.
Tom is still a virgin.
Tom is a rake.
Mary confessed after her wedding that she was not a virgin anymore.
It's one of their better songs.
Tom loves to sing.
Mary is a gorgeous young woman.
This is Tom's canary.
Mary released a single.
Mary named her first child Tom.
Mary prefers to dye her hair blonde.
Mary loves going to the spa.
Tom doesn't like eating fish.
Tom poured himself a glass of scotch.
I am calm.
I must have parked my car elsewhere.
This book is easy to read, since it's written in simple English.
Since I didn't know what to do, I asked him for advice.
She wanted to ask a question, so she raised her hand.
I respect my English teacher, Mr. Taniguchi.
Let the buyer beware.
I know that the Earth is not flat.
Marius says: "Romulus is the founder of Rome."
Open your mouth, please!
Yesterday, we studied English.
Last Saturday, my family went to the zoo to see the pandas.
My sister is smaller than you.
My sister is younger than you.
The Germans and Celts had pants, but the Romans didn't.
The master praised the slave.
I took a taxi, because it was raining.
He's a very good teacher, so his children really listen to him.
Let us protect our peace!
Let us defend our peace!
Marius is taller than Marcus.
She bequeathed all her good sense to her son.
He bequeathed all his good sense to his son.
These are wicked times.
Times are tough.
I don't have enemies.
A good question.
We don't have that in Europe.
Her grandmother lived to be years old.
One third of nine is three.
In principle, I'm with you.
The car's engine broke down on the way.
It's six of one and a half dozen of another.
Could you perhaps translate that for me?
Mr. Smith makes it a rule to take a walk every morning.
"Crystal clear" is a nice word, don't you think?
As long as you keep quiet, you can stay in this room.
I don't have much interest in sports games like soccer or baseball, but I do like seeing weird or outstanding plays in them.
Stop being so selfish. The red shoes you wanted are sold out, and only the blue ones are left.
I got an ocarina from my daughter on Father's Day. Frankly, though, I don't need it. I wonder where she could have come up with such a present.
Mr. Suzuki's classes are interesting, but his stories always get sidetracked, so we never make any good progress in our textbooks.
I think that my costume for the upcoming Halloween party will be wrapping myself up in toilet paper like a mummy.
Don't get such a big head just because you won the tournament. There's many others in the world who are just as good as you.
Even though our house was on TV, I'd prefer it if you wouldn't just barge in our garden and take pictures.
This fold-up umbrella is really small and light, so it's easy to carry around. It's a little pricey, but I think I'll get it.
This city may be a little run-down, but the people living here are all kind, and will welcome anyone with open arms.
The bread I got from my neighbor, Mr. Yamada, had a soft texture, and my father, who prefers hard bread, was sure to dislike it.
I wonder how figure-skaters are able to keep from being dizzy when they spin really fast.
Johnny, come here quickly!
Mondays will never be the same again.
Her father didn't allow her to go to movies alone.
I think it's dangerous for children to play in the pond.
Measure twice, cut once.
I shouldn't have wasted my time trying to convince Tom to change his mind.
If Tom had asked me for some money, I'd have given it to him.
Tom has asked Mary to meet him at his office tomorrow.
Do you have time to read the newspaper in the morning?
I shouldn't have wasted my time watching that movie.
Tom always seems to be complaining about something.
I'll ask Tom to meet you tomorrow at three o'clock.
Stop telling me what to do and mind your business.
I asked Tom to come yesterday, but he didn't come.
You should wear a helmet when riding a motorcycle.
I asked Tom not to go there, but he went anyway.
Has the boss ever asked you to work on Sundays?
I have some books that you might like to read.
Could you tell me something about your family?
Would you mind showing Tom around the city?
Could you tell me something about yourself?
Tom came to my office to ask me for money.
I have to return this book to the library.
Don't spend all your money on comic books.
You should have attended today's meeting.
The only thing that Tom drinks is coffee.
I'll ask Tom to get you something to eat.
I have a lot of friends living in Boston.
How long are you going to stay in Boston?
Ask Tom to call me as soon as he returns.
When are you moving into your new house?
What's the difference between these two?
Does Tom complain about back pain often?
Are you aware that Tom doesn't like you?
What time do you get up in the morning?
Tom is working as a software engineer.
Who's that woman standing over there?
Where do you usually buy clothes?
When does your summer vacation start?
I don't feel like talking to anybody.
How long should I take this medicine?
Can you complete the job in two days?
Ask Tom to call me. He has my number.
Why do you always wear white shirts?
Which newspaper do you usually read?
Nothing like that will happen again.
Did Tom ask you anything about that?
Who's that man standing over there?
Tom came to my office this morning.
I'd rather go hungry than eat this.
How many people came to your party?
You should've told me yesterday.
I don't feel like walking so fast.
I didn't ask Tom to wait for me.
How often do you check your email?
Are you really interested in that?
Why didn't you apply for the job?
Where do you keep your textbooks?
Is Tom studying French at school?
I have to return this book today.
Why are you telling me all this?
Who told you that I wasn't well?
I shouldn't have wasted my time.
I bought this sweater yesterday.
Would you like another serving?
I wonder why the train is late.
I apologize. It was my mistake.
How long will you have to wait?
Do you have a computer at home?
Did you go to office yesterday?
Ask Tom to bring Mary tomorrow.
Are you one of Tom's relatives?
Please put the books in order.
I don't feel like watching TV.
I didn't ask Tom to come here.
Are they coming here tomorrow?
Who told you that I was sick?
When do you leave for school?
What're you going to do next?
I have a lot of friends here.
I don't have a good appetite.
I didn't ask Tom to go there.
Which newspaper do you read?
Where do you buy vegetables?
Please ask Tom not to shout.
How long should I rest?
How are you going to manage?
Don't you have school today?
Did Tom come here yesterday?
Ask Tom to wait till I come.
Ask Tom to bring his guitar.
Where's the ticket counter?
Tom has a friend in Boston.
May I have a word with you?
Did it rain here yesterday?
Ask Tom not to wait for me.
Why did you quit your job?
Why are you staring at me?
Whose handwriting is this?
What's your sister's name?
Is Tom still working here?
I have a very bad earache.
How often do you go there?
How many people work here?
How did you convince them?
Don't you have any change?
Did you return Tom's book?
Did you get there on time?
Did the police arrest Tom?
Tom is on the other line.
Tom is a friendly person.
Tom came here by himself.
There is plenty of water.
Nobody will believe that.
I hope our team will win.
I have a severe headache.
Excuse me, may I come in?
Do you have school today?
Ask Tom to come tomorrow.
Who turned off the light?
Where's Tom working now?
When do you return home?
What's your aim in life?
Tom is my older brother.
Tom came here yesterday.
Tom came here last week.
How's your married life?
How's everybody at home?
Can I leave my bag here?
Ask Tom not to go there.
Are they your relatives?
Why didn't you tell me?
Where did you meet Tom?
Tom only drinks coffee.
I have a meeting today.
I don't mind it at all.
Do you work on Sundays?
Did Tom ask us to wait?
Are you angry with Tom?
Why is the train late?
Why are you asking me?
Who did you come with?
When do you go to bed?
What have you decided?
Tom is my grandfather.
How did you get there?
Don't try my patience.
Don't talk about that.
Don't ask me anything.
Did you lock the door?
Did you get my letter?
Are you satisfied now?
Are you afraid of Tom?
Why are you laughing?
Where is my umbrella?
Tom has two children.
Please lock the door.
I'll ask Tom to wait.
I'd like to meet Tom.
Don't you have a pen?
Did Tom say anything?
What's today's date?
What did he ask you?
Tom knows my number.
Tom is my colleague.
Tom came here alone.
It might rain today.
Is this seat vacant?
How will you manage?
Get out of my sight.
Get dressed quickly.
Don't waste my time.
Don't make me angry.
Who do you suspect?
Where are my books?
What station is it?
Tom is out of town.
Thanks for calling.
How's your brother?
How did Tom escape?
When did Tom come?
Tom is doing fine.
It was my mistake.
I have an old car.
How's your father?
How do you manage?
Everybody is fine.
Why are you late?
I have a scooter.
Here is the bill.
Don't disturb me.
Did you call Tom?
Did anybody come?
Where's Tom now?
What did you do?
Tom is friendly.
How's everybody?
Please shut up.
I have a truck.
Don't go there.
Are you joking?
Tom has a car.
Stop worrying.
I feel sleepy.
Don't rush me.
I feel tired.
Did Tom come?
Are you Tom?
Eat slowly.
He called her mobile.
He called her cell phone.
Tom was given a 20-week prison sentence.
There are lots of eggs in that box.
We're out of tea.
John ran to the station to catch the last train.
John ran to the station in order to catch the last train.
He's so credulous. He takes everything you say at face value.
Mr. Tanaka showed us many pictures of his newborn baby.
My house is designed to withstand an earthquake.
Not a day went by when he didn't regret what he'd done.
I've got a lorry.
Of the three candidates, I think Mr. Smith is the best.
Tom was sentenced to five months in prison.
How gullible does Tom think we are?
I didn't realize that Tom was so gullible.
There are a lot of gullible people, so there is a chance that Tom will be elected.
I don't drink water.
We walked for a long time.
Almost one-third of all office workers wear glasses.
One morning, Gregor Samsa woke from a rough night's sleep and found himself transformed in his bed into a monstrous bug.
He's not very strict about this.
Read as much as possible.
The rental should be somewhat close to where I work.
This medicine may cure him.
Betty's Esperanto is really great.
Betty speaks Esperanto really well.
If he is innocent, then his wife is guilty.
My parents won't let me date.
My parents won't let me go out with boys.
We are at home.
I am not afraid.
Is it really that hard to speak English?
What is the name of this bird?
A person who laughs is happy.
The sea can be heard from here.
You should stop drinking.
It costs too much.
What's wrong with it?
You know very well what she wants.
Tom is stuck in the past.
Tom bought it for an absurdly low price.
Mary put her body against Tom.
Tom patted Mary.
Mary wants to sweep the house.
Tom ate alone.
Tom forgot the ketchup.
Mary is neurotic.
Tom is spoiled.
Tom is a spoiled child.
Tom is not old enough.
This is very bad.
I hate you!
I wish you were dead!
Tom is a spoilt child.
Tom likes to listen to podcasts.
He's in hospital.
Do not accuse me of anything.
All students are supposed to know the school regulations.
Every student is supposed to know the school regulations.
I met his wife at the station. She's very attractive.
I got into trouble with the police for driving too fast.
I suggest that you write him a thank-you letter.
I suggest that you write her a thank-you letter.
I suggested that we end the meeting.
The cats are afraid of water.
It started to rain in torrents.
Overall, the game's technology and society approximates that of an industrial or post-industrial science fiction.
People ought to work.
You, John, know many countries.
What's on fire?
Brazil is surrounded by ten countries and the Atlantic Ocean.
I think it's dangerous for children to swim in this lake.
It doesn't matter all that much what college you graduated from.
It doesn't matter very much which college you graduated from.
On February 14th, Americans celebrate Valentine's Day.
Please give me your picture so I don't forget how you look.
Research requires a lot of energy, but it's worth the effort.
I'm starving! Hurry and give me something to eat.
Do as your heart dictates.
There used to be a big cherry tree behind my house.
Now I'm really tired.
I need a smoke.
And what about a coffee?
Speak, please.
It's not a good idea.
I'm going for a walk.
I would like to improve my French but I really have no time.
Do you have time to have dinner with me tonight?
I had to leave the theater in the middle of the concert.
"Superman" is showing at the movie theater this month.
You haven't a care in the world.
The words above the door of the theater were one meter high.
I don't have the time to do everything I want to do.
In Singapore, one way to punish criminals is to whip them.
Keep in mind that you're not as young as you used to be.
Please speak more loudly so everybody can hear you.
Please speak louder so everybody can hear you.
The waterworks is located not far from my home.
Half a loaf is better than no bread.
Tom is an ignorant fool.
Tom holds Mary in high esteem.
Tom is holding Mary in his arms.
Tom is angry that Mary disagrees with him.
That made Tom uncomfortable.
Tom struggles with this concept.
Tom is struggling with this concept.
Tom is jacking off.
Tom used the car jack.
Tom jacked up the car.
Tom used the floor jack.
Tom is a carjacker.
Reality has a Liberal bias.
Tom started the fire.
Tom is an evangelist.
I don't see this as a major issue.
Tom started off strong.
It seemed too good to be true.
This seems too good to be true.
Tom might become famous.
Tom wished Mary the best of luck.
I'm very proud of Tom.
Tom's performance was not up to his fans' expectations.
I'm honored to work with Tom.
We must strive to do better.
Wolves travel in packs.
This is nothing to write home about.
That's useful information!
Tom is the coolest person in the world.
This idea is actually pretty good.
Tom wants to keep Mary on his good side.
They look very similar to me.
If he were given another chance, he'd do his best.
Given another chance, he'd do his best.
If you gave him another chance, he'd do his best.
He ran so fast that they couldn't catch up with him.
Since he ran so fast, they couldn't catch up with him.
They couldn't catch up with him because he ran so fast.
I'm sorry, but I cannot answer right away.
I absolutely don't know that woman.
I really don't know that woman.
The deadline is approaching.
Today, I had a lot of troubles.
All you have to do is go there.
The only thing you need to do is go there.
I ate toast for breakfast.
The set of real numbers is uncountable.
I'm cold. Would you mind turning the heating on?
Tom pumped up the tyre.
I don't like drip coffee.
I don't like filter coffee.
Tom is a one trick pony.
For certain tasks, my computer can be very useful.
Happy is he who has, like Ulysses, made a wonderful journey.
This time, the exam was not just difficult, but also, the questions were ambiguous.
It is safe to wager that every public idea and every accepted convention is foolish because it has suited the majority.
The most completely wasted of all days is that in which we have not laughed.
The days most wasted are those during which we have not laughed.
In France, we leave alone those who start fires, but we persecute those who sound the alarm.
Captain Branciforte didn't care at all for his son's future.
If there was no sun, all the animals would be dead.
The police are checking their bags.
If you believe that insulting you would solve the problem of the fishermen, well, let me say, you deceive yourself.
Right is victorious if might supports it.
Can you tell me your past medical history?
Can you tell me which medication are you taking daily?
As soon as I entered the class, the students started asking questions.
I understand what you say.
That's what's on my mind!
It has improved compared to how it was before.
Do you like ice cream? Would you like an ice cream?
Her skin is whiter than snow.
His illness is caused by bad weather.
They have the horse.
Atlantic City is famous for its boardwalk.
Horses have three modes of locomotion: Walk, trot and gallop.
It seems too good to be true.
Did you know you are stronger than you think you are?
All of a sudden, she spoke out.
All of a sudden, he spoke out.
However, these days everyone has a bathtub. Isn't it pretty simple to take a bath?
I really hope that I can speak authentic Chinese.
Tom is watching a telenovela.
Even though he lives in the United States, Tom can't speak English.
Even though English is his native language, Tom doesn't know the difference between "lose" and "loose".
Tom said he was sorry for last night.
Tom lives in a small village.
Tom doesn't want to sell his farm.
Tom doesn't want to sell his land.
Mary is frustrated with her life.
Mary won't let Tom have his way.
Tom and Mary embarked on a road trip.
Tom is a hippy.
Tom is a rapper.
Tom is a hipster.
Tom is a beatnik.
Tom didn't want to go to war.
Tom took advantage of Mary's misfortune.
This is one of the worst movies that I have ever seen.
Tom went to the brothel.
This is a true story.
Mary became a nun and opened an orphanage.
Tom was left for dead in the desert.
Tom was left for dead.
If you can sing, that's good enough.
According to the weather report, the rainy season will start next week.
Tom was reunited with his father.
She's almost the same height as you.
Tom and Mary met through an online dating website.
Tom went on a blind date.
Tom and Mary had an arranged marriage.
Tom works illegally in the U.S.
Tom never lost hope.
Tom was rescued after being trapped six days in the mountains.
Tom is hiding a terrible secret.
Tom needs to clean his room.
Tom has no idea where to start.
Don't get distracted!
Tom's mum was pleased.
Tom is depraved.
Tom is a hedonist.
This is pretty exciting stuff.
Tom ran away from home.
Tom is a lifeguard.
AIDS means "Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome".
My lungs hurt.
Tom knows too much.
Tom couldn't locate the Danube on the map.
Tom didn't know that Hawaii was part of the United States.
Tom thought that Africa was a country.
I have no idea who he is.
She swallowed it hook, line and sinker.
I love vanilla ice cream.
No one is more hardworking than you all.
The students are currently on holiday.
I have no books to read.
This dictionary has about 40,entries.
Give your best effort in all that you do.
The couple had a son.
Jim hasn't come home yet.
Jim has not yet returned home.
I saw a beautiful waterfall there.
A cold front swept over Europe.
Extreme cold covered Europe.
A cold snap spread across Europe.
The old house was demolished.
Didn't you write him a letter?
I don't like snack bars. They're expensive, noisy, and full of the smell of tobacco and fried food.
We shouldn't discuss this in a club.
It's all over now.
The service nobility was a pillar of the Prussian state.
Don't lie to me!
Don't try to trick me!
Don't cheat me!
She didn't answer.
We've been married for years.
The professor grinned.
The professor smiled a little.
The professor smiled slightly.
Will you please tell me the secret?
Don't just eat fish. Eat some meat, too.
Don't just eat fish. Eat meat, too.
Try not to cry.
That train stops at every station.
In which direction did he go?
Our school is near a park.
The theatre usually opens at this time.
I believe that everything will be okay.
I think that everything will be okay.
I work in a chemist's.
If you don't want to do it, don't!
Do you live in Portugal or in Brazil?
I hope that everything is in order.
The store is open from nine to six.
Don't go over the speed limit.
My city is fifty kilometres from the capital.
The car continued to pick up speed.
What wonderful weather!
In a democracy, it is important that the press be independent.
He reads novels every day.
I will get you a bike for your birthday.
I will get you a bicycle for your birthday.
It is now eight in the morning.
Mike doesn't play basketball on Mondays.
We are going to the market.
We're going to the shop.
Don't worry about the results of the exam.
I'm scheduled to see Mr. Jones next week.
My doctor told me to quit smoking.
My doctor told me to give up smoking.
Tom doesn't know which colour to choose.
He cried like a six-year-old.
I will always remember you.
I said it in jest.
I said it as a joke.
Do you want some fruit juice?
I love to play my guitar.
Hello George. How are you?
Sit down, the place isn't taken.
I intend to stay in Kyoto with my aunt.
I was born and grew up in Matsuyama.
Which shoes do you like?
I spent two nights in this hotel.
My telephone doesn't work.
The Japanese take off their shoes before entering a house.
Egyptian began to be written using the Greek alphabet in the 1st century.
I am pleased to see you.
Whenever I meet you, I think of your mother.
Please conserve water during the summer.
Feeling the house shake, I ran out into the backyard.
Please remember to mail the letter on your way home.
The whole family was out harvesting the corn.
There's a lot of fruit.
After we had eaten, we went outside to skate.
Clear the area, please.
Have you already heard that your firm has won the tender?
I don't even know who she is.
You think I understand absolutely nothing about this question.
I forgot I have a bad short-term memory.
It being Sunday, the shop was closed.
Since it was Sunday, the store was closed.
Do you want some beer?
Oh crumbs!
My grandmother is sick.
East Indian sexuality has been influenced by recent colonial history. By no means are the levels of libido homogeneous throughout India, of course.
Mathematics is more difficult than physics.
Physics is more difficult than mathematics.
I'm sure that I would not get through my test tomorrow.
The castle is on the other side of the river.
The moon is lighting the room.
They are out of funds.
The days are longer in the summer.
She is really good with children.
Social conflicts are the icing on the cake for demagogues.
The fancy restaurant has become a dive.
Your birthday is coming.
The customer has been on the phone with the salesman for two hours.
Children are playing behind the house.
She was charming during dinner with my parents.
The people exited the stadium in a crowd.
The sky is blue, the sea is also blue. The sky and the sea are blue.
"What color is your dad's truck?" - "Blue. It is blue."
In ancient times people believed that the earth was flat.
A cousin is my uncle's son.
This is a sunflower.
The starlet is a little long in the tooth.
This shirt must go to the laundry.
The starlet is getting on in years.
There's a white dove on the roof.
Somebody called Hanry wants to see you.
The photographs are the only proof we have.
The living room is a tip.
Have you ever cheated on me?
I don't think that he knows Hebrew.
I don't think that she knows Hebrew.
So many things to do, and so little time.
This shirt is too small for me.
To life!
The judge is dejected.
The log is full of dampness.
He doesn't know what he's doing!
I've been there a lot.
French is his mother language.
This committee includes scientists and engineers.
She had something weird on her head.
I remember the day you were born very well.
Where's Mum?
There was no taxi, so I had to walk home.
Since there was no taxi, I had to walk home.
The time bomb exploded with a loud noise.
It's harsh, but fair.
Whenever I see you, I always think of my younger brother.
I never see you without thinking of my younger brother.
Mike has a couple of friends in Florida.
This medicine has no harmful side effects.
I'm an eighth grader.
I'm in the eighth grade.
My father has gone to China. He isn't here now.
Do you want to go to the concert with me?
He can't be hungry. He's just had lunch.
All the students in the class like Mr. Smith.
Either stop talking or say something worth hearing.
He confirmed that it was the wreck of the Titanic.
Without your assistance, I would have failed.
Judging from the expression on her face, she is worried.
I became friends with him while I was in Taiwan.
That's fair enough.
Assuming what you say is true, what should I do?
It's getting cold.
Our new teacher is fresh out of college.
It'll cost at least 2,yen to take a taxi.
Yesterday was Tuesday, January 26, 2010.
She was tired. However, she tried to finish the work.
In South Bohemia, there is a calm and sunny landscape with plenty of lakes used for freshwater fish farming.
The problem is not what he said, but how he said it.
I intend to clean my room.
That movie isn't as interesting as the original.
You'll feel better if you take this medicine.
Chris got a job as a house painter and was able to raise the money.
She has two cats. One is white and the other one is black.
"The key is in the lock," the man added.
To tell the truth, I've already seen that movie.
I finally found out what was wrong with my TV.
For me, skiing is by far more interesting than skating.
Remember to mail the letter on your way to school.
He watched the horse race with his binoculars.
He watched the horse race using his binoculars.
Since he'd finished his homework, Tom went to bed.
Mars is the god of war.
Tom finished his homework, so he went to bed.
He has two pencils. One is long and the other one is short.
That sort of thing can happen when you're in a hurry.
That kind of thing can happen when you're in a hurry.
He didn't know what to say, so he remained silent.
Since he didn't know what to say, he remained silent.
I leaned forward so I could catch every word he said.
They accepted my point of view.
They adopted my point of view.
They adopted my viewpoint.
No other student in the class is as brilliant as he is.
He always gets home at six o'clock in the evening.
He always gets home at 6:p.m.
Just as I was about to go out, it started raining.
Evenings in Hawaii are beautiful.
If I were in your position, I probably wouldn't know what to do.
Don't lose your patience!
You must be more patient.
We'll die sooner or later.
Never feed dog food to your cat.
They don't speak Spanish.
He spent the night at his uncle's place.
Parents often sacrifice themselves to ensure that their children receive a good education.
The summer here is quite warm.
I'm to the east of the west.
Mr. Shoval submits plenty of sentences to Tatoeba.
The defence attorney achieved a plea deal of ILS million.
Herod the Great built the Masada fortress and rebuilt the Temple.
The jury has agreed upon a verdict.
The jury has reached a verdict.
She smokes excessively.
The judge asked the jury to reach a verdict.
The lesson of history is always that things have been otherwise in different times and places and thus could now be otherwise as well.
Herod the Great suffered from paranoia.
Sir Humphry Davy - one of the greatest chemists.
Form is temporary, class is permanent.
He’s the president — he kind of asked for it.
Its detractors agree that it is more than a humans-in-space odyssey — even if they do not agree on why that is so.
This is because you approach everything as a total person, with no loose ends hanging out to signify divided intentions.
Asia is the most populated continent in the world.
Esperanto is an 'informal', constructed language.
Turkey is a developed country.
India is a developing country.
Israel is a developed country.
In some countries capital punishment is illegal.
The verdict was a death sentence.
The state appealed the verdict.
The defense was pleased by the verdict.
The defense attorney was pleased by the verdict.
The judges made a decision.
The Senate drafted a resolution.
Senators drafted a resolution.
Imagine that you begin to hiccup and can't stop.
The letter you wrote must be corrected and transcribed, even if you already rewrote it many times.
Senators made a decision.
The Senate made a decision.
"Advise and Consent" is a book about the US Senate.
"Doctor, everybody is ignoring me." "Next, please."
The ugly clouds were getting closer, so we went inside.
This photo is my favourite!
Spain is a developed country.
Get the thief!
There was no slippage in the schedule.
He's trying to muscle in on my territory and get a piece of the action.
The show's about a New Jersey mob boss who's in psychotherapy.
I spit on your mother's grave!
Don't look at me with such sad eyes.
Take a screenshot of just the highlighted text.
Maybe he's not young.
Carthage must be destroyed.
Why don't you say "Friend"? It's always sufficient.
My blood group is A+.
You can use a psychrometer to measure relative humidity.
A sling psychrometer is used to measure relative humidity.
Hi, Tom!
You cannot do a kindness too soon, for you never know how soon it will be too late.
All you need in this life is ignorance and confidence, and then success is sure.
There is nothing worse than a sharp image of a fuzzy concept.
If you are hoping in what may happen without committed action, then stop. You're just dwelling in wishful thinking.
The secret of happiness is to make others believe they are the cause of it.
Are you a Buddhist?
Are you a Taoist?
Hello and bye! I'm Nonong.
That's a plan that would likely to be canceled by rain.
The book is the best present.
We have plenty of time to eat.
We have enough time to eat.
In their family, they have always been farmers from father to son.
I love to travel abroad.
I don't want to miss the flight.
I don't want to miss the plane.
Hi, I have an appointment with the general manager. This is my interview notice.
I'm not afraid of facing pressure. When problems arise, I will quickly think of ways to find the solutions.
We would've enjoyed our trip if it hadn't been for the rain.
Magnanimity is a great treasure; harmonious affinity with others is wonderful, Detachment from name and gain averts trouble; happiness makes older people feel young.
Man must take a lesson from difficult situation and bad condition which befall in her/his life.
If you are patient in one moment of anger, you will escape a hundred days of sorrow.
Speaking without thinking is like shooting without looking.
Beauty without bounty avails naught.
Optimism is like the lamp of hope. Pessimism [or negativity] is like a drug of sorrow.
I dressed up as a girl for the school festival.
I was dressed up as a girl at the school festival.
A flattering friend is your worst enemy.
It's very hard to get rid of the cockroaches in our house.
The teacher gave her a lot of information about the university.
It was the year A.F. 632. "A.F." meant "After Ford" as in the T-Model.
She doesn't seem happy.
My wife is cooking.
I have money.
Her boyfriend is Turkish.
I've read both books.
He would laugh.
We couldn't do anything for them.
I begin this afternoon.
You may eat anything as long as you don't eat too much.
You should have invited him, but you didn't.
Holly Black was born in a decrepit Victorian house in New Jersey.
Lulu Island was named after a possibly Hawaiian showgirl, Lulu Sweet, in 1862.
The whole Mississippi river basin from the Gulf of Mexico and up to the Great Lakes area used to be French territory.
This is my song.
What would North America be like today if Russia had preserved their territory in Alaska?
He often needs to seek solace in places near water.
The northern half of what is today Papua New Guinea was a German colony.
Some say that China was like a Russian colony.
Didn't you hear the scream?
My father works here.
After the accident, he never could move his leg again.
If you don't stir the rice, it will burn.
Do you have a spoon I can stir the rice with?
I told them they shouldn't move.
If the dog bit him, it's because he messed with it.
The call is free of charge.
Stir the paint with a stick.
I have to leave because there's someone waiting for me outside.
They want to learn English.
There'll be coffee and cake at five.
How do you say these two phrases in French?
I haven't got a clue.
He told her something and she smiled.
If you have no character to lose, people will have no faith in you.
I can't find it anywhere.
John's hand is clean.
I only have one mouth, but I have two ears.
I often read.
Kid, don't touch the mirror!
I just want to hold her hand.
His son is a genius.
Aside from a brief flirtation with belly dancing, Mary decided she would rather kick-box.
The spy was very furtive as he stole the keys from the guard.
We can't put a young boy in prison.
We have to memorize this poem by the next class.
If you run into trouble, I'll help, and so will my father.
I love Natasha.
The drug addict had to undergo rehabilitation.
I don't have time to deal with this letter. Could you deal with it?
Please don't forget to put stamps on the letters that I gave you to mail.
She hid the letter carefully so no one would see it.
My first car didn't have power steering.
We'll leave tomorrow, weather permitting.
I missed the last bus and had to walk home in the rain.
In countries like Norway and Finland, they have lots of snow in the winter.
I used to live in an efficiency.
They're very likely to arrive next week.
I think it's very likely that they'll arrive next week.
My little sister has been suffering with a toothache since last night.
Since I'm here, would you like to chat?
I'm here, so do you want to chat?
She fainted, but came to after a few minutes.
The red lines on the map represent railway lines.
How did you manage to do that?
We should have phoned ahead and reserved a table.
The cabinet minister ended up submitting his resignation.
You may stay here if you like, as long as you keep quiet.
The sum of the ignorance of the Republican candidates in the primaries for the U.S. presidential election is simply mind-boggling: one is afraid that China will obtain nuclear weapons, which they have had for years, and the other proposes to close the U.S. embassy in Iran, which has been closed for years... Such stupidity at the head of the world's most powerful country gives one the shivers!
If it hadn't been for your advice, he would have been ruined.
This broken vase is irreparable.
That broken vase is irreparable.
Hurry up, otherwise you'll be late.
Where are the toilets, please?
Did you have a nice weekend?
I am tired because of illness and work.
With such friends, one needs no enemies.
I was born and raised in Lojbanistan, so my native language has been Lojban, but I immigrated with my family to Blueberryland, so my adopted language has been Interlingua.
I have tried everything but failed again.
I know that people also speak Interlingua in the Blue Mango Country.
That was our first encounter.
I'm a little touched.
Numbers are not always about age and money. If one thinks otherwise, then one has not been exposed to too much mathematics. It becomes evident...
That will be funny.
Would it be better if numbers were completely arbitrary and had no emotional associations?
He tells us what makes him laugh.
Hope dies last.
You don't work in an office.
I'm not going to the movies tomorrow.
I have no time for games.
He respects me.
I'll call her immediately.
He did the opposite.
I'd like to go, too.
He can't help making fun of others.
Do you want a ticket?
I want to give you something rare.
The deep night and the full moon offered us only the atmosphere as a gift.
A lonely man is lonely because he is afraid of others.
You should look up this word.
You should look this word up.
My pen has been stolen.
She would be proud of me!
Send it to me now.
The day of judgment has come.
The day of judgment has arrived.
I want some milk.
Greece has defaulted on its debt.
He is still grappling with religious beliefs.
Religion is very personal. Practically everyone has really his own religion. Collectivity in religion is an artifice.
Communicating more to the point and directly would help everyone.
Not only Orientals love metaphors and similes.
A French word often fades right at the end...
Portuguese words sound squished...
Spanish words sound sandy...
The Internet is no solace at all for most people. It feels unnatural for them...
The strange thing about money is that it can limit one's behaviour.
Because of the Internet, people can meet other people whom they otherwise would never meet without the Internet. And it is at least global.
The Internet, after several centuries, extended into the entire Solar System.
Soon, the space agencies launched thousands of robot probes all over the Solar System to explore planets, moons, asteroids, and comets...
An army of robot probes explored the Solar System at enormous cost.
Robot technology advanced to the point where biological, organic parts became essential components.
Mary appeared on the TV show 'Teen Mom'.
She demanded that he attend school regularly.
Such a statement I would not dignify with a response.
He lost all his possessions.
He lost all his belongings.
Without your encouragement, I would have given up this plan.
Famous artists are pressed by journalists.
I hate working.
Did that really happen to him?
I see no reason.
He was tired, so he went to bed earlier.
Do you understand this book?
My watch is ten minutes slow.
kg is an extraordinary weight, even for a sumo wrestler.
What is the largest mountain in Japan?
To know one's self is to be free.
I am thinking of my vacation.
Your coat is very beautiful.
The lake has a very clear water.
Are you an animist?
I don't know where you are going.
I don't know where you will go.
They took me!
The final delusion is the belief that one has lost all delusions.
Death is like a race in which everyone tries to finish last.
We had a meal after noon.
Up to now, how many books do you think you've read?
How many books do you think you've read so far?
Don't bug me.
The story of Tom and Mary's relationships is full of dramatic events.
Pull yourself together!
These are called shoes.
It's an embarrassing illness.
I sweat every day.
They're analyzing the samples.
Bet without exaggerating.
The octopus exits only to look for food and for reproductive purposes.
If only there were evil people somewhere insidiously committing evil deeds, and it were necessary only to separate them from the rest of us and destroy them. But the line dividing good and evil cuts through the heart of every human being. And who is willing to destroy a piece of his own heart?
She disappeared with no documents.
It's a beautiful old medieval town!
There's only one person under investigation.
The husband admits he has a relationship.
The blonde girl has a really nice cleavage.
Siberian night is very long.
Siberian nights are very long.
I need to move and warm me up.
Come on, let's go up!
Who killed her?
It's a nice seaside town.
Instinct is the key.
This is positive energy.
The armchair I'm sitting in is very comfy.
The impairment cannot bring them to lose their willingness to live.
I'm not for spoiling pets.
Let's try to answer these questions.
The answer was not correct.
He didn't have any accomplice.
Hell will have frozen over before those idiots fifure out what to do
If he'd been there, he'd have told you to mind your manners.
If that accident had happened in a city, it would have caused a disaster.
The button battery for my computer's timer died.
In those days, I made it a point to take a walk before breakfast.
I was very disconcerted to find that everyone else already knew it.
I'll lend you any book that I have, as long as you keep it clean.
In judging his work, we must take his lack of experience into account.
Here we are, right? Luisma is stupid, isn't he?
That's not what I was looking for.
It's not what I was looking for.
He hasn't been doing anything since he graduated from high school.
Lift the mosquito net.
The thermosiphon is turned off.
I did the wash.
There's no more ointment.
The spin-dryer was to be set to 400.
My mother got injured, I need to be her carer.
Sunday's match will be crucial.
Our parents are so proud.
Our company has a well organized system of sales offices, located all over Japan.
It seems to me the flag is correct.
This summer the transfer market will be more exciting than ever.
It's a daydream attack.
He believes he's gonna stay.
The defender talked about his impressions after the match.
It hasn't been a piece of cake either.
Nothing's easy.
He's in the fourth year.
He went back to work with physiotherapists.
Can you fire a nation?
At a first glance it seems easy.
People stay outside.
He was checking a ticket.
We uncovered this arcane.
Why worry so much?
I don't know exactly what time she's coming.
The lecture is composed by two parts, one theoretical, the other practical.
After my graduation, I'd like to go to Shanghai, in order to study China's history.
We'll sleep embraced.
Blessed for not making me a woman.
You lower it then.
Describe yourself shortly in Chinese.
The roads are dirty.
He invented the wheel.
It's gonna be a challenge.
Which one do you like better?
It must be true.
Why didn't you call me yesterday evening?
To drink or not to drink - that is the question.
"Do you like to travel?" "Yes."
I think that you are correct.
I am in Lyon, but maybe I'll go to Paris for hunting a job.
Tom doesn't know the difference between Iraq and Iran.
Are you coming at six or at seven?
And don't forget: I will always love you.
I have the same dictionary as your brother.
You don't need to do sports.
It is only the cat's fault.
Only the cat is to blame.
My friend doesn't believe in ghosts.
He works in order to forget.
Life would be so much better if you didn't care so much.
Tomorrow it will rain.
I'm quite satisfied.
I am quite satisfied.
This is obscene.
I finally have time to reply to the mail that I have received these past three weeks.
A good idea came to him.
It's his Christmas present.
Tom is definitely not stupid. He's just lazy.
He sat in silence and was looking straight ahead of him.
They drove across several villages during the trip.
He looked all the houses unfolding.
He wonders how it would be to live where they are supposed to live.
But most of all he wondered what her name was.
So, I'm arrived.
Well, what do you think of me?
It's not higher math.
He unloaded the car.
You should consult a dictionary when you don't know the meaning of a word.
He closed carefully the front door.
It was so noisy in there.
The room seems awfully dark and spooky.
It echoed desolate.
They went up the stairs.
I looked for my room.
You will find your toys and books.
I felt immediately a bit better.
I don't know how I did it. What's important is that I did it.
You don't need to come so early.
Spring is in the air.
Way to go!
Attaboy!
No one can understand your letter.
There are women to whom we make love, and those, to whom we speak about it.
I think I'll put up my child for adoption.
I'm pretty sure that my new cricket bat is unbreakable.
He had no distinguishing features.
I consider paracetamol to be an ineffective medicine.
My manliness came into question when I started to like the colour pink.
The Riemann Hypothesis is unproven.
All unclaimed property will be disposed of at midday tomorrow.
That woman who picked a fight with me was being very disrespectful.
The opinions of others are all the same to me.
Tom is not in prison at the moment.
Her derogatory remarks towards her boss caused her to lose her job.
To this day I still find a certain series of animated TV shows hilarious.
After a lengthy trial, the woman was sentenced to years in prison for involuntary manslaughter.
Due to unforeseen circumstances, the party will now take place at p.m.
Although English is not his first language, he speaks it impeccably.
Don't you have nausea?
I am going to remove the appendix.
Make the cut deeper.
Does the cough disturb your sleep?
There is no doubt that I could not do it without your help.
You have such a poor sense of direction.
Turn off the damn camera!
The terrorists brought rope with them so that they could tie up all the hostages.
I love dreaming up sentences to post on Tatoeba.
These words are sure to be the incoherent ramblings of a madman.
Beauty is only skin deep.
This work is simple enough that even a child can do it.
My liege is a man of many talents.
The company was inundated with lawsuits.
The economy contracted in the last quarter.
Once upon a time they used to travel by a diligence.
In the past, people used to travel by a diligence.
We cried with all our might.
These phenomena occur but rarely.
Not tonight, I have a headache.
Turn to the left!
This is not the case with everything.
Add the onion.
He is beautiful like a god!
A candle lighted the room.
I am very much in love with her!
Then you water the bowl of flour with a little water.
Will I have the pleasure of seeing you again?
Last winter, I went skiing in Canada.
What is the file extension?
We shared happy and important moments.
A carcass has been found in the urban park.
Today I'm feeling melancholic.
England go out on penalties again.
It's not even a little bit cheap, it's extremely expensive!
I'd really enjoy going skiing with you this weekend.
I really wish I could play tennis with you tomorrow.
I really wish I didn't have to go to that meeting this afternoon.
I don't know why Tom doesn't want to go sailing with us next week.
Since when are you two on a first name basis?
Relax!
I am shocked and appalled at what I have just seen.
Carelessness is a frequent cause of accidents.
He unintentionally revived his mother-in-law.
Capital accumulated because of interest.
I'm sure of my sentence.
Thanks for being my guide.
I know your numbers.
After a tiring game of football, I think I will go to bed.
He's sketching an apple.
He had a kind word and a pleasant smile for everyone.
He amused himself by drawing figures.
I'm thinking about something else.
You have lost; give up!
A secure income is an important thing for me.
Go to the doctor at once!
Have you seen a brown wallet around here?
I'd lend you some of my brother's books.
Once social change begins it can not be reversed. You can not un-educate the person who has learned to read. You can not humiliate the person who feels pride. You can not oppress the people who are not afraid anymore.
The earth hath yielded her increase.
Three ships were given to Columbus by Queen Isabella.
The real taste of life is not found in great things, but in small ones.
If human nature is evolving, it's not much faster than the geological profile of the Earth.
The cleaner thought that she was only doing her job - in actual fact, she destroyed a modern work of art worth millions. Now the museum is struggling with how to handle the crisis.
She became an object of universal admiration.
I don't want to eat cooked rice.
The child is wearing a belly-slip made of silk.
Where can I buy silk?
He was so poor that he couldn't buy bread.
Those were the days!
You shall not kill.
Every rumour contains a grain of truth.
No one can stop the time from passing.
You're actually asking two questions there.
You must return the ring whence it came.
I read some books.
This too shall pass.
Give me the cup of coffee!
I refuse to dignify that with a response.
What was the last concert you saw?
It's raining, so please bring your umbrella.
Don't you just hate unorganized lecturers?
I'll go buy some bread.
I only ask out of curiosity.
How much blood has the injured lost?
The website is down.
This isn't everyone's cup of tea.
I love summer rain.
Human as a biological being belongs to the animal world.
Primates are plantigrade animals.
All mammals have seven cervical vertebrae.
Like a typical vertebrate the human has two pairs of limbs.
The victim was crippled by dogs.
I know what to expect from that lot.
I know them inside out.
He was alone in the darkness - and nobody else.
Every problem has a solution.
The experiment has to begin.
Your efforts are futile.
If we only wanted to be happy, it would be easy; but we want to be happier than other people, and that is almost always difficult, since we think them happier than they are.
I ran out of fuel.
Holster your weapon.
Your death will not have been in vain.
I will complete what he started.
Looks can be deceiving.
I don't feel like speaking German.
I write letters which I never send.
A hero is often just a person who doesn't have the ability to recognise danger.
What makes you think that Tom prefers living in the country?
What makes you think that Tom likes heavy metal?
What makes you think that Tom is planning to ask Mary to marry him?
What makes you think that Tom is planning on resigning?
Are there any students from Korea in your class?
She likes to wear dark colours.
I like to learn Chinese and English.
Excuse me, may I open the window?
Is it comfortable to travel by ship?
Staying up late is harmful to your health.
Staying up late is not good for the health.
Is your house far from your company?
You have to choose between honor and death.
The Spanish government has announced a severe austerity budget.
The government is considering tax cuts.
I doubt he is qualified enough to manage such a team!
It is time to stop watching television.
He's about to finish reading the book.
The Government are considering tax cuts.
It is my dream to become a teacher.
If you have problems with rats or mice, you can scare them away with ultrasound.
Tomorrow there is a forecast of snow.
She has a pure heart.
The girl in the picture is smiling.
Let me go, you're choking me.
I regret telling you.
I regret having told you.
There isn't a cloud in the sky.
I'll leave this with you.
People can actually understand them.
Didn't you see my keys?
"You aren't Mr. Lima." "No, I'm his son."
My wife's father is my father-in-law, I am his son-in-law, and my father is my wife's father-in-law.
A drop of luck helps more than a whole case of wisdom.
Drops dripped.
He loves music ardently.
That flower tried to attack me.
The committee members are all present.
I'm sorry that I don't conform to your preconceived notions of perfection.
I find learning languages to be very rewarding.
You've somehow managed to misconstrue what I have said.
You may think otherwise, but I prefer to think of it as helping you come to a decision more easily.
I can't believe it! She said she is having triplets!
The theater used to open on Sundays.
The theater used to open on Mondays only.
The theater didn't use to open on Tuesdays.
The theater used to open up early.
The theater used to stay open till late.
The theater used to open up even on Saturdays.
The theater used to open up at dawn.
The theater used to stay open all day long.
The theater used to open up every day of the week.
The theater used to open up at this hour.
The theater used to open up about this time.
Going to her house at this hour of the night? No way!
I want a pet tiger.
In women, the pelvis is broader and lower, and all of its dimensions are larger, than in men.
The human skull consists of bones.
The engine doesn't function properly.
I slept a lot.
Today I am going to be productive.
I am sick of waiting for my appointment!
Yesterday was a good day.
Forget me.
Never talk to strangers.
Why have you not inquired about the cause of the defect?
I was just being honest.
A reward will be paid to anyone who brings back the money that he lost.
Don' t worry, you shall get the answer this afternoon.
When would you be able to have a telecom ?
I swear I was going to share it.
That must have hurt!
If you were really my friend, you wouldn't still be conversing with him.
Those flowers are very beautiful!
Did I get you?
He was a real stickler for his principles.
You didn't write anything.
After I did my homework, I played football with my friends.
Can I rely on you?
I would have come to the cinema with you all, but unfortunately I had a headache.
I'm also writing the translations in English.
The girl's ability to speak four languages fluently impressed me.
What impression would I give if I wasn't present at his wedding?
I must take something for my cold.
This was senseless violence.
Tom is listening to Carmina Burana.
He's young, maybe too young.
Tom is a man of wisdom and experience.
She's young, maybe too young.
Tom made a pilgrimage.
It's neat and clean.
Tom is a fat man.
Mary should curtsey.
They look rather fake.
It was the worst moment of my life.
Tom and Mary care for each other.
Mary is struggling to get back in shape.
Mary ditched Tom after a week.
Tom and Mary are madly in love.
Her dream is over.
Tom was plastered.
Tom and Mary are holding hands.
Tom is humane.
He has broad views.
I want some more.
Eat your food.
Socrates used to say, "I know that I know nothing, but many people don't know that they know nothing."
Tom can't keep his hands to himself.
Tom should keep his hands to himself.
Mary went to dancing school.
He's got a point.
Tom could not afford to go to the concert.
Tom got to know Mary's friends.
Aren't you going to finish your dinner?
I'm sorry Mother.
What's he hiding?
Tom is a loon.
Sounds good to me.
It's a beautiful rug.
Tom is not focused.
It differs from culture to culture.
Come dear.
Be reasonable.
Tom will take care of everything.
This is inauspicious.
There is there no uniform national standard.
I'm very pleased to make your acquaintance.
What did you like about it?
Nothing could please us more.
Hmm, I think something happened. Wait a second, I will try to figure it out.
Shougongsha is an old Chinese technique to test a woman's virginity.
Why you give him this gift?
I must learn seriously.
What are you good at?
What is your greatest project?
Embrace your dreams.
He thought about growing a beard, but gave up the idea of growing one.
She came in quietly so she wouldn't wake up the baby.
It's so easy.
It's not a fish.
It isn't a fish.
For them, it was the end.
Tom is not like the others.
Sex sells.
Mary is the more attractive of the two.
Tom is pursuing a successful career in New York.
Mary wants to meet the right man.
Tom was looking somewhat distraught.
It's absolutely disgusting!
Mary showed her breasts.
Tom is a sorcerer.
Mary is a sorceress.
She looks young. However, she's actually over forty.
She looks young, but she's actually over forty.
She pretended that she knew nothing about it.
She pretended to know nothing about it.
Learn other languages in order to be more proficient in your own.
He gathered the courage to decline the offer.
Atheists will get their comeuppance on Judgment Day.
His avuncular mien endears him to small children.
How to say "apple" in your language?
You'll have to learn all these dates by rote.
For many years, the abbey was turned into a fortress, happily joining in itself martial and religious architecture.
What we have here is a failure to communicate!
Apollo was in constant communication with Houston Mission Control.
Her communication skills could be improved.
I like languages!
German cars are among the best.
I ordered a textbook from the internet, but I had to return it as it lacked accompanying audio CDs.
Not another goalless draw!
Tom is an able cricketer.
We're afraid we'll miss our train.
These books are very old.
I felt like an outcast among those people.
I hope to cure my social anxiety one day.
I told you that I couldn't be trusted with secrets.
There are weeks of preparation for the exam.
Can you bring me the bill, please?
Can you fetch the children from school?
The sun rises.
Prices rise.
Fish surface for air.
The wind lifts the leaves.
I missed a trick by not buying the complete version.
It isn't important.
Could you see me off?
How long have you been standing here?
Tom likes mystery.
You're over-thinking this.
Tom was touched by an angel.
Mary is watching 'Touched by an Angel'.
It's your duty.
Tom has a natural talent.
Tom is dreadfully wrong.
What would you say in this context?
Is this word correct in this context?
He was the angriest man I've ever had the misfortune to meet!
They share their same beliefs.
Nothing happens by chance.
The thought of rating people by attractiveness does not seem fair to me.
We are breakfasting at seven, if you would like to join us.
The cupboards were overflowing with the accumulated debris of several years.
Tom is hard-working.
That's such a wonderful thing.
Tom travels a great deal.
Tom died of typhus.
Tom is a sleazeball.
It wasn't a request.
Sometimes I don't believe I know you.
Let's conquer the world.
The daffodils are starting to wilt.
Tom didn't know what Mary's last name was.
Tom wondered what Mary's last name was.
Tom wanted to know what Mary's last name was.
Tom asked Mary what her last name was.
Tom asked John what Mary's last name was.
Tom was surprised to see John and Mary out on a date.
Tom wondered how long John and Mary had been dating.
Tom saw John and Mary holding hands.
I have two or three calls lined up for today.
Marvellous.
I'm snowed under with work.
I've got to go to the men's room.
It makes a big difference.
Tom fell off the diving board.
Tom had no idea what time Mary would get home.
I teach Mr. Lee's children English in exchange for room and board.
I'll move the solar panel from the balcony to the roof in due course.
She has marginalized herself.
She has marginalised herself.
Tom told me that he had been skydiving since he was sixteen.
I like my language.
Tom wanted to stick around to see what would happen. Unfortunately, he had to leave.
Mr. Smith and I have been acquainted with each other for a long time.
From six until eight in the evening is happy hour.
If you got lost in a crowd, I'd search for you.
Start your morning off with coffee.
Please don't do that again.
I'm sorry. I didn't catch your name.
Would anybody like more coffee?
The Dead Sea lives: it attracts tourists from all corners of the world.
Wasn't it Kafka who wrote that a book must be the axe for the frozen sea within us?
That's ridiculous!
The book's blurbs overflow with superlatives.
I'm happy to have been proven wrong.
A struggling actor I know finally hit pay dirt when he was cast in the new Quentin Tarantino film.
I don't want to pay through the nose for a hotel room.
Tom doesn't know the difference between a fable and a fairytale.
You can forget about that.
I dropped my keys.
If you have questions, don't hesitate to jump in.
That's definitely the goal.
What makes you think that Tom likes "Heavy Metal"?
We will definitely touch base with you guys.
Don't go to sleep with the light on.
You'd make a good diplomat.
He's tripping balls.
You can pretend to be serious, but you can't pretend to be funny.
Of course you have to pay. What did you think?
When Mr. Hilton wanted to sell his house, he advertised it in the newspaper.
Mr. Ichiro Fukuoka, a close friend of mine, would like to meet you.
Mr. Tanaka makes a living by running a small stationery shop near the station.
If I had money, I'd buy this computer.
I can't touch the corpse without gloves.
He has many troubles.
We had many exciting experiences in the college.
My brother is coming on Monday.
She has lived there for seven years.
Where did they go?
Where is law college?
Talk is cheap.
I can rip you apart with my bare hands.
She's mature enough to bear a child.
A 43-year-old woman suspected of having shot dead her husband.
With respect to financial matters, Mr. Jones knows more than anyone else in the company.
It was very considerate of Mr. Yamada to send his secretary a bouquet of flowers on her birthday.
He believes himself to be a hero.
The pressure is on!
He will be killed by his boss.
I don't want to spoil the ending for you.
I travelled on shank's pony.
Love is the most beautiful surprise.
That doesn't sound good.
What is the racoon doing in the kitchen?
The aim of this report is to describe schools in Italy and to provide some suggestions on how to improve them.
There can be no possible excuse.
A teacher can also teach classes of different subjects.
The most of them are not mandatory.
Saying that you would rather learn Spanish than Esperanto is like saying you would rather run a marathon than go for a Sunday walk; of course you end up doing neither.
Maybe next time.
I hear what you're saying.
We're in the middle of negotiations.
I'm in the middle of something. Can you call me back?
The ball landed way out in the middle of left field.
She got up and left in the middle of our conversation.
I haven't formed an opinion yet.
They formed a human chain.
The car had two broad stripes painted on the hood and the trunk.
The bus came to an abrupt stop.
The elevator came to an abrupt halt.
Excuse me, could you pass me the sugar?
My father asked me to go to the concert.
The concert will probably last three hours.
This will be a game changer.
This is mystifying.
Tom is very sensitive.
"I'll be back," said Tom.
Tom guessed right.
Tom guessed wrong.
Tom wants to give it a try.
Tom is a perfectionist.
Don't read too much into it.
Don't read too much into this.
This is a big step forward.
This could have far-reaching consequences.
Tom survived unharmed.
I'll do something.
I'm not sleeping well currently and now have rings under the eyes.
We have the cross.
I've just been told that I have to bring my own equipment.
Cadmium poisoning is a very common cause of death in the south.
Sodium reacts vigorously and exothermically with water.
That must have been socially awkward.
Was it Leibniz or Newton who first formulated the theory of calculus?
Some of you may not have heard of him before, but Georg Cantor was undoubtedly one of the greatest mathematicians of the twentieth century.
The set of complex numbers is isomorphic to a certain factor ring.
An important year in scientific history is 1905, when Einstein changed the face of physics with his theories of special relativity, mass-energy equivalence and the photoelectric effect.
The children listen to a record.
Transformation is birth and death at the same time.
Mum often says that time is money.
This story is far more interesting than that one.
Our on-line Customer Service Desk and trained support agents enable problems to be quickly identified and addressed.
If the need arises, customised solutions can be included in the product.
This is not a toy!
Schools teach students a basic method for learning things more effectively.
More modern buildings are safer than older ones.
You're either with me or you're against me.
The needs of the many outweigh the needs of the few.
He stood for a moment outside the walls of the prison, exulting in his miraculous escape.
You can see that the architect paid scrupulous attention to detail.
I hope you can still look yourself in the mirror, my friend.
Are you pointing at me?
Oranges signify a happy love, while lemons - an unrequited one.
She gave me moral support.
I've done nothing wrong.
I don't have enough space to store these boxes.
I can't invite all my friends at once.
Please stop the war.
I don't like this teacher; he always ignores my questions.
Don't think I don't like you.
It's not that at all.
It's just the opposite.
Are you trying to distract me?
I was trying to distract her.
I don't really know why, but they don't like me.
Alice has tried to lose weight.
When she was in kindergarten, all the boys used to call her "princess".
This picture must have been taken in 1964.
We have a long story to tell you.
Believe me, I never did anything wrong.
Everyone has good points and bad points.
I didn't sleep enough.
I am immediately in awe of you!
All of a sudden I'm filled with great admiration for you!
How much time did it take you to learn Chinese so well?
They just taught me to swear.
Hold your horses.
I'm already hungry.
She's been in hospital for a month.
I'm familiar with the subject.
I'm familiar with this subject.
Thanks for adding me on Facebook.
Customer in a grocery store: "I'd like to have three nuts, please." Sales girl: "Yes, you would like that, wouldn't you."
Today I'm online.
I no longer love you; therefore, I am sad.
The child almost drowned.
I hear you loud and clear.
Tom is trying to get it right.
Certainly, these things are true.
The enemy of my enemy is my friend.
Tom is an outcast.
It's usually a good thing.
Tom lives in a backwater area.
Tom and Mary live in a backwater part of the country.
Tom doesn't use steroids.
Tom uses anabolic steroids.
Mary is wearing a T-back.
Tom is meeting with a client.
I'll take a stab at it.
That's icky.
MIT has predicted global economic collapse by 2030.
He shared his soup with me.
I just have one quibble with this product.
This product has significant shortcomings.
This product is well-designed.
This product is fun to use.
This product is a bargain.
Tom and Mary put their pics online.
Tom is an unknown artist.
Anything you say can be used against you.
Tom is extra careful.
Tom was merely a witness.
Tom is a crooked cop.
You should judge a tree by its fruits.
Tom completed the jigsaw puzzle.
Don't blame me.
Her letter made me tear up.
Tom is a Master Gardener.
The sun is bright.
I don't see how it can end well.
The singer broke the windows.
Tom wasn't strong enough.
The problem is the opposite.
Tom is a crony capitalist.
Tom listens to Fox News.
Tom listens to CNN.
Tom has no perspective.
Tom is the devil.
Tom and Mary sold their souls.
Tom is laughing his ass off.
You are morons.
Tom is the real problem.
There is a solution though.
Tom is a Native American.
Tom is a member of the First Nations.
This sounds like a good idea.
What the hell do you want from me?
I kid you not.
Tom cheated on his girlfriend for months.
The most important things for our nation are unity, interethnic harmony and political stability.
I would like to work this summer.
The “Book of Changes” presents the oldest binary encoding.
The police informed us about the incident.
Monday is a hard day.
Ready, steady....Go!
Get set .... Go!
Ready, set, go!
The train is coming.
Lights, camera, action!
A major malfunction stopped the car.
They're a motley crew.
The fishing boat turned out to be a pirate skiff.
You'll receive a notice in a few days.
The passing autumn fills me with a feeling of grief.
Alpha, beta and gamma are Greek letters.
France is in Western Europe.
If the difference between order and chaos or preservation and ruin were the same as that between high mountains and deep valleys, or between white clay and black lacquer, then wisdom would have had no place: stupidity would also have been alright.
I believe in Jesus Christ.
When you buy a <xxx> television get year of subscription free.
You must keep up a good relationship with your neighbors.
After countless calls to the radio and countless newspaper ads in several consecutive days, people flocked to the festival. There are devoured tons of hamburgers that were offered there in abundance, and drunk liters of beer. As a result was a large number of drunks and thus, massive work for the legions of attending paramedics who had already acquired a huge experience of such mass gatherings at countless other parties.
The red sash perfectly accessorizes her black dress.
The work is a whole day.
I am forever in your debt.
He testified that the wire-tapping was carried out at the behest of his superiors.
I was working under snow.
He was working under the snow.
Abs are made in the kitchen.
Tom is a street urchin.
Mary is a sea urchin.
Mary is a tomboy.
Tom has a great sense of humour.
It will take me some time to learn German.
Tom failed horribly.
Tom went to a boarding school.
I can recommend it to anyone.
It's all in your head.
We value our customers.
It's a quarter till two.
The USA never declared war on Hitler. It was the other way.
You're right about that one.
I believe in Buddha.
I believe in Muhammad.
I believe in Allah.
Visit us please!
I've been waiting for this day to come.
Antiperspirant is useful.
I'm going to rest, OK?
Can you read Arabic?
It's not you, it's me!
It's one of the basic human instincts.
The market is completely saturated.
I can do without it.
It's the war of all against all.
Birds are indicators of the environment. If they are in trouble, we know we'll soon be in trouble.
Conservation is a state of harmony between men and land.
An unjust peace is better than a just war.
If we don't end war, war will end us.
In modern war... you will die like a dog for no good reason.
In peace, sons bury their fathers. In war, fathers bury their sons.
Never think that war, no matter how necessary, nor how justified, is not a crime.
Only the dead have seen the end of the war.
The best weapon against an enemy is another enemy.
A people free to choose will always choose peace.
An eye for an eye only ends up making the whole world blind.
If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other.
Tom suffered minor injuries.
Tom has been reported missing.
Tom did an absolutely tremendous job.
I read you five by five.
I hear you five-by-five.
I need to repay her.
I'm unable to translate this sentence.
I'm feeling confused.
I'm feeling dizzy.
There are no feed posts for you yet.
The boy almost drowned.
When PC problems slow you down, what can you do?
Next year I'll go to the sea.
Kids need sleep.
Good films expand one's horizons.
The army use civilians as human shields.
I live in Shymkent.
Quintilius Varus, give me back my legions!
He took charge of the expenses.
I like it.
The radius of the Earth is km.
Tom is taller than me.
Their teacher praised them.
I no longer have a headache.
Please read my blog.
It's filled with stories from last summer.
I like watching people.
It's happening.
This sentence needs to be checked by a native speaker.
I had a chat with Tom.
Tom couldn't say anything publicly.
That's troubling.
This could have unintended consequences.
Tom can't wait to get started.
Everyone wins.
It’s a different beast.
Tom made a lot of smart decisions.
Tom has a dubious reputation.
I'm going back to Australia in October.
I was thinking about it a few weeks ago.
He would make everyone happy.
She would make everyone happy.
The problem is his.
The problem is hers.
Now she's gone mad.
Try to look at some recent interviews.
He would have done it already.
She would have done it already.
It's the first time I've thought about it.
I read all the reviews.
I thought the same exact thing.
Go on like this!
It's the only explanation.
I'd approve both things.
Now I begin to understand.
Don't count me in.
He must continue to play like this.
Don't count me in for the party.
People have lost the ability to disagree without being disagreeable.
Some people are evil.
Tom is evil.
Tom is a psychopath.
Tom is a sociopath.
Tom lacks empathy.
It was a sleeper hit.
It's weird isn't it?
Don't fret.
Tom was killed with an icepick.
Tom is a rock and roll star.
John kept his head above the water.
Ain't that cute?
I know who you are.
He's not in the mood.
She's not in the mood.
It's bullshit.
Tom doesn't have a criminal record.
What about his girlfriend?
Tom graduated with Magna Cum Laude.
You're shitting me.
Tom is devious.
Tom is very dangerous.
It takes one to know one.
The price is right.
Tom should get a job.
Gotta catch them all.
Gotta catch 'em all.
Tom's new book is about Mary.
Tom is going to enjoy this.
Mary has nothing to hide.
Tom isn't afraid of experimenting.
Tom has a silk scarf.
Tom doesn't use drugs.
Mary has nice legs.
Tom is sweating heavily.
What difference does it make?
Tom had a rough day.
Thanks for the ride.
Don't take the bait.
Tom ripped off his shirt.
What was she like?
It's a piece of shit.
She's as sweet as honey.
Tom is a fugitive.
You can't learn that in school.
Tom got sucked into it.
Yes, you did.
Tom is on his way.
Were you drinking?
Wanna go upstairs and have a drink?
I was expecting you.
Tom made it look like an accident.
Why take the risk?
I'll meet you there.
I'm going to turn on the heater because it's very cold.
He dared not jump over the brook.
Amputation is needed.
He made a crash test dummy of himself.
First, the trainees are awkward in this company.
I'm suffering from anal itching.
Do you ever have involuntary urination?
Do you suffer from involuntary urination?
Take blood from the donor.
I don't know how to read between the lines.
He asked me point-blank to help him.
The doctor pronounced him dead.
I can tear you apart with my bare hands.
Nothing is forever.
The one that is able to define a problem, already solved half of it.
Where does Iain live?
Boobs are the proof that men can focus at two things at once!
I'm only a man.
I am only a man.
Since I was really tired I went to sleep early.
I'd like three sugar cubes in the milk.
A white dove is on the roof.
I don't pay attention to the rumors I hear; let everyone do as they please with their life.
What a delay!
It's perfectly equal!
When I went to him he was sleeping, but I woke him up.
They're Russian.
Be at the train station at eleven sharp.
Stop talking and listen.
His family really loves watching television every day.
There are people whose only purpose is to be as annoying as possible.
Blue looks good on you.
Write me an email if you feel like it.
My father doesn't drink liquor.
I was overtaken by greed.
When I got up to go to school, the moon was still visible in the sky.
You can also use the Ctrl+Alt+R keyboard shortcut.
The meat, although cooked, isn't completely free of microorganisms.
Am I mistaken, or are you really Ismael?
I feel just like a kid in a candy shop, here!
My father always gets nervous.
What nonsense!
He looked away when he saw me as if we were strangers.
Coffee is ready.
My motto is: Comfort the afflicted and afflict the comfortable.
There is a website called Tatoeba.
Tomorrow I'll cut you.
You're soaking wet.
We found the stray dog and decided to keep it.
You're a nice girl.
We rented a romantic comedy.
Stop meeting famous people!
The young widow got engaged once more.
It was the first time man walked on the moon.
I hope you've learned your lesson.
The plane departs at 5:PM.
That's exactly why I came!
Stay calm. I promise nothing bad will happen to you.
I should have stayed out of it.
Do I have permission?
Seven years after his death, they discovered who was responsible.
Most probably, he'll come.
Most probably, she'll come.
Very little is known about them.
Tom shrugged.
I've got diarrhea.
I didn't read any books yesterday.
Try to think about it.
Tom continued to stare out the window.
There was no trace of him.
Somebody farted in the elevator.
His watch is ten minutes slow.
The wife of your son is your daughter-in-law.
If I'll go or not, I still haven't decided.
He loved her.
I very much regretted having lost so much time.
Kazakh is my native language.
She doesn't like being alone, but I prefer it like that.
When is peak sentences?
I'm going to see her today.
David's sick, right?
This sentence exemplifies the way in which the aforementioned expression has come to be completely divorced from its root.
On Children's Day, more than bicycles were donated.
João and Maria broke up last week.
Please show me your passport.
In a Fréchet space, the countable intersection of open dense sets is itself dense.
Show that the matrix is diagonalisable.
Find the dimension of this subspace.
Tom hit a double-eagle on the second hole.
Tom is eager to press on.
Tom is unrepentant.
Tom is watching golf.
She was looking at me.
Tom made an ace.
Tom scored a hole in one.
He might have missed the last train.
He who is not with us is against us.
They let me pick a present.
The Christian festival of Easter is the celebration of the resurrection of Jesus Christ.
The egg is a universal symbol of life and rebirth.
Tom hit the green.
Tom missed the green.
That's unbelievable.
Tom hit a bogey.
Tom has a hot hand.
It's rarely nice weather at Easter.
At Easter we eat chocolate rabbits.
There are some things money can't buy.
Eat all your spinach!
I think he's tired.
Tom is so good at this.
We couldn't convince him.
It's prohibited in most countries.
Buckle your seatbelts.
Tom suffers from erectile dysfunction.
That always helps.
Tom has just made a triple bogey.
There was a food fight in the cafeteria.
Tom can't hit the ball straight.
Tom is a golfer.
What a shot!
I've just put new sheets on my bed.
Tom cannot make mistakes.
It's too little, too late.
It was an awful week.
It's a legitimate worry.
Tom left home ten years ago.
Tom is cheering for Bubba.
Tom bounced back.
He's known for that.
Tom is playing with his yo-yo.
He did it not once, but twice.
Tom is in good position.
Tom xeroxed the document.
Tom's house doesn't have running water.
Tom works in agriculture.
Tom is playing smart.
Tom made a good putt.
Can he keep it going?
I've never seen that before.
In 1950, the U.S. population was million.
At that time my house was already built.
Unemployment is high.
This pamphlet is about pets.
He's a liar.
I'll keep my lips sealed.
We'll fight to the end to protect our homeland.
Fight with me!
He hugs a tree.
She hugs a tree.
Tom got hit by a golf ball.
I want to be very clear about that.
Nothing is going his way.
Tom went to West Point.
I have the feeling I've already seen this movie.
Did you go to the book fair?
It took me a long time to rid myself of all those ants.
This house is full of spider webs.
Were you invited to her birthday party?
It's a necessary piece of equipment.
I received an invitation to the birthday party.
Our land is being taken over.
They know what happened.
Tom and Mary know what happened.
One of the bulls pushed the fence down.
Of all the films I rented, this is the only one worth seeing.
Tom comes from a well-to-do family.
Mary is pregnant.
All of the books are good, but none as good as this one.
Tom is a jock.
Tom takes online courses.
Very good, but you're capable of doing better.
Good, but you can do better.
The car went off the road due to snowfall covering the lane.
When she opened her eyes I was the first person she saw.
Right at that time the cellphone rang.
The doorknob broke.
This data is outdated.
Everyone is very welcome, independent of their nationality.
Click here for more information.
Do fish sleep?
It's a slippery one.
News of her pregnancy took her by surprise.
When I grow up I want to be just like my Dad.
When I grow up I want to be just like you.
This technology is called augmented reality.
If religion were synonymous with morality, Brazil would be the most uncorrupted country in the world.
The pastor said Tom's going to burn in hell.
My computer is connected to a properly grounded outlet.
Did you try restarting the computer?
My pen-drive has a virus.
This problem is very common but doesn't have an easy answer.
There's a lot of chit-chat.
What in the hell are you doing in my room?
What in the hell is this?
Tom needs to make a move.
They're all chasing Tom.
Tom is a cyborg.
It's the next logical step.
He didn't quite hit it there.
It's one of those moments.
The pressure is getting to him.
People talk a lot about social networks these days.
Read the instructions carefully before you begin.
Andre is saving his money up to start a business.
The bank refused to grant me the loan.
Mary took out a loan in order to pay her debts.
Tom is our leader.
She was tired of trying to convince him.
I was loved.
I will be loved.
I would be loved.
I have been loved.
I am going to be loved.
The press conference is scheduled to begin one hour from now.
I had been loved.
I was about to be loved.
We have a lockjam.
I will have been loved.
I will be about to be loved.
It was preventable.
Many sailors can't swim.
Tom was rescued by a passer-by.
Mary got her hair fixed.
Tom is not far off the mark.
Tom is missing the point.
The transition won't be easy.
We have arrived safe and sound.
Tom is in the clubhouse.
Antonio Guzmán Blanco came to power in Venezuela in 1870.
It's the rule, not the exception.
Don't mess with Tom.
It isn't over yet.
That's a good tee shot.
That was a costly mistake.
Mary is defending human rights.
He did it again.
She did it again.
Tom did the unthinkable.
Sometimes I have the impression that we'll never come to an agreement.
Be on alert. The evacuation order may occur at any moment.
The girl got distracted and lost sight of her parents.
As Great Britain becomes aware of the reality of Latin America, we will be closer to a solution.
If you have the time, come along with me.
I get nauseous whenever I fly.
She had twins.
Air is to men what water is to fish.
Hand me the remote.
The dog house is outside.
I had already left when they arrived.
Don't let the dog inside.
He hired a new secretary.
I don't feel like doing anything today.
The meat spoiled.
Where can I find the subtitles for this movie?
The boy was afraid of the dark.
It was raining when we left; it was sunny when we arrived.
He whispered sweet nothings into her ear.
I would give anything to win her back.
Tom, I feel very alone tonight.
The results of the competition will be announced in a few moments.
Children threw stones at him.
Tom fell into the mud.
He called me a liar and turned around.
Whoever told you that is a liar.
Tom is slightly overweight.
In my life I always was a liar. That's why people liked me.
Thank you dear Lord.
O Lord, who lends me life, lend me a heart replete with thankfulness.
We have to get the hell out of here.
Tom knows how to fight.
Mary knows how to fight.
This is my first time.
Tom is a juvenile delinquent.
Mary is dressed in a skimpy outfit.
This is not true love.
Lincoln is an important person.
Is the anesthesiologist there?
Have you undergone any surgery before? For what reason?
Sometimes I ask myself, what a raven, with its decisive final presence, and its mournful persistent color , may have to say to the aged mountains.
It is hard to make a sentence in a language that you know very little about.
It never existed.
He never existed.
She never existed.
How did you get in? Do you have a key?
Tom felt very tired after sleeping for so long.
Tom and Mary acted like children.
Tom did not seem too sorry.
Tom walked alone.
Tom saw a triple rainbow.
Tom watched the meteor shower.
Tom is sleeping on his bedroll.
Tom slept outside.
Tom wanted to sleep under the stars.
Tom is snoring.
The priest administered Extreme Unction.
Tom returned to the campsite.
Did someone follow us here?
I can repeat it again and again.
Tom visited Mary's grave.
The full stop is missing at the end of the sentence.
The period is missing at the end of the sentence.
They're of human origin.
Those are empty words.
He's the one who touched me.
I have a white cat.
Actually it isn't a theory of mine.
Actually it's not a theory of mine.
You cannot do this.
I also like cakes.
Flowers die if they don't have water.
There's nothing to it.
I have black eyes.
Follow your heart, for it never lies.
So, the time has come to say "Farewell!"
Esperanto is spoken in countries of the world.
Love me tomorrow!
Are you guys seeing that?
He has a very good voice.
You have a very good voice.
Just between you and me, she is, in fact, a monster.
Tom is the only one who can save the world.
Someone ate all the cookies from the cookie jar.
I saw Tom flirt with my wife.
It's Friday! Time to get drunk.
Everyone can play.
This is the thing that frightened me the most.
There was a curtain which was covering the door.
It's very small and cramped.
It's very small and narrow.
Stop publishing bullshit.
I was feeling like being crushed.
His letter made me angry.
They defended their homeland against the invaders.
She's Tom's older sister.
She's Tom's younger sister.
That technology is an incredible thing!
Tom is a good neighbour.
What must Tom say so that Mary forgives him?
You are getting me wrong!
Have you already met?
Have you already met each other?
I won't see him anymore.
I feel your pain, buddy.
How are rights and duties correlative?
Why do you sniff things you see on the ground?
German Shepherds are good at sniffing out drugs.
God loves you and has a wonderful plan for your life.
Tom is my best friend.
Tom got creamed.
Tom got owned.
Tom is selling himself short.
Tom is not good enough.
Tom is incompetent.
Tom is competent.
Tom is very competent.
Mary spent her girlhood in seclusion.
Tom knows that he doesn't know.
It's a little nasty.
It's a fad.
I have a little something for you.
Tom is a weakling.
Tom's daughter is out on her first date.
Tom's life was changed forever.
The implications are frightening.
Let's be best friends forever.
This is hilarious.
Someone stole Tom's bicycle.
This must be a mistake.
Get off your lazy ass, Tom!
Tom can do it in minutes.
It was the greatest discovery in human history.
Tom is as giddy as a schoolgirl.
Tom wouldn't have it any other way.
Tom was not amused.
Let me explain.
Tom got a bargain price.
Tom wept.
It did not come off.
Tom did not struggle.
Tom was evasive.
The leopard was getting bored with its spots.
That's a huge organ.
Mary was impressed by the big organ in the church.
Mary is very impressed.
Tom had never driven a truck.
I believed to have become immortal.
Tom handed Mary a check for half a million dollars.
Do you sometimes study in the library?
How often did you play basketball when you were in high school?
I can't believe you actually did something like that.
Mary is always saying that Tom isn't romantic enough.
You look fabulous.
We need to talk.
I think you're the most beautiful girl I've ever seen.
You'll have a wonderful time.
Why don't we just sit here and talk?
What did you decide?
I can't tell you what to do.
Tom just got his braces off.
The top cover of a gasoline tank is foating when they are filling.
I catch a cold easily.
He sold all that he owned.
Possession is nearer to him who has than to him who claims.
“I’m dying without you.” “I’ll come to your funeral.”
Everybody knows the line “The boy didn't crack under interrogation”, but nowadays many people don’t know the continuation: it is a verse about a boy who died, having refused to renounce his Komsomol membership.
They tapped the terrorists' phone lines.
What you said is true.
The selfish live for themselves alone.
He looks to me with much admiration.
This mall is so big that I can't find the exit.
She never discusses that.
You can leave your dog with me if you travel.
I grabbed a book off the shelf.
Tom's dad is very strict.
For the party I bought a dozen wine glasses and two dozen cups for juice.
I keep telling you!
I never get tired of talking.
He has a broad understanding of the world.
He drives a truck.
He drives a pickup truck.
He drives a tow truck.
He drives a breakdown lorry.
Tom and Mary both have ponytails.
Tom is years behind the times.
I didn't know this thing!
What did your husband give you for your birthday?
They weren't listening to music.
The use of antibiotics is ineffective in the treatment of a virus.
He bought a book and gave it to his father.
Tom is an egotist.
Tom wants to be liked.
Tom wants to be loved.
Tom wants to be admired.
Your wishes are my commands.
Tom wants to be respected.
Tom said that he doesn't care what other people think of him.
Have you heard from your friend lately?
How much should I tip?
Tom's dog ate the breadcrumbs.
Tom devoted his life to the study of this phenomenon.
The stone is perfectly smooth.
Her skin is perfectly smooth.
Tom can draw a perfect circle.
Tom extinguished his torch.
Tom and Mary went spelunking.
Tom and Mary went caving.
Tom and Mary went potholing.
Tom kneeled.
Mary is kneeling.
Tom was hypnotized.
Tom is wearing a drysuit.
Mary is wearing a wetsuit.
Mary appeared to be sleeping.
Tom ran back to the village.
I didn't find mine!
Tom kissed her on the cheek.
Tom broke down and cried.
You have to do as I say.
"I may not have a girlfriend, but at least I'm rich," said Tom.
"I may not be rich, but at least I have a girlfriend," said Tom.
Tom's a likable guy.
I can't speak for Tom.
Who let the dogs out?
Tom let the dogs out of the house.
Can you tell me how to get to the town centre?
That is the book I want to read.
The demand is huge.
I occasionally worry myself to death about worthless nonsense.
I get the feeling there's something wrong with you.
They never really told me.
Constantine the Great is discussed controversively in modern historical research.
I need to make better use of my free time.
Tom tried his best to move the table by himself, but he couldn't.
Your wish is my command.
Tom looked at his watch and saw that he only had five minutes left until lunchtime.
Tom didn't think it would be appropriate for John to give Mary a pearl necklace.
If two people have the same opinion, one of them is redundant.
I'm too tired to run.
Have you ever been to London?
I read in the paper that he was murdered.
Don't laugh at them.
In Ukraine I always speak Ukrainian.
Everyone knows his name.
Who's that guy swimming in the river?
Tom just returned from Boston.
The old man spoke with me in French.
A good horse knows its rider.
Tom doesn't believe that Mary is happy.
The vase is on the table.
Do I need to explain the reason to him?
She shut the door.
She’s accustomed to rising early.
His mother was a singer.
The hare stole carrots from the garden.
I want to meet your older sister.
I want to see your older sister.
She is Tom's older sister.
African folklore is very interesting.
Literature is a strong point in Brazilian culture.
You need to be more attentive in class.
All excess is abominable.
Mother Earth.
I bathe daily.
I bathe every day.
Our marriage is over.
Redheads drive me crazy!
You doubt my loyalty?
The king is dead, long live the king!
In Japan there are four seasons a year.
Our summer is short, but warm.
Everything really sucks!
She will have a child next month.
Tell me when he returns.
The woman stands before the library.
Where do you want to sell this?
The danger was not apparent.
I wear a suit, but not a tie.
Ask him when the next plane will be.
Sign here.
John doesn’t know how to play guitar.
This book seemed hard to read to me.
What is your line of work?
The crocodile is a protected species.
Can you watch my dog while I'm away?
We’ll continue after the film.
Do you know how my friends describe me?
Your Chinese is awesome already.
This cola has gone flat and doesn't taste good.
This cola has lost its fizz and doesn't taste any good.
Tom is a silly man.
Those were the days.
Tom wants to change the world.
Heed the advice of the wise, make your most endeared goal, The fortunate blessed youth, listen to the old wise soul.
His humour is very deadpan.
His humor is very dry.
He has a very dry sense of humor.
He doesn't have his ideas clear.
You learn to appreciate your health when you are ill.
Your son is a genius.
He noticed straight away.
They buried those who had died in battle according to military tradition.
It's either too trite to merit that level of innovation or awkward because the non-standard terminology gets in the way of the meaning.
How much does he earn in a month?
How much does he earn per month?
He speaks fluently.
They marched two abreast.
This problem certainly requires a solution, but that's like shooting a cannon at sparrows.
Tom turned the tap on.
Tom turned on the tap.
This girl is still in elementary school, yet she has a wine-tasting master license. I didn't know one could get qualified without even drinking alcohol.
At first, I was only looking at the French sentences, but before I knew it, I was hooked into translating them.
That dress looks good on you, but it makes you look pregnant. Oh, no, not the figure; I meant the design.
Magazines let writers write what they want and decide how to lay it out afterward, but that magazine prioritizes its design, so it sets a predetermined limit on how many words are in it.
Takashi said he wasn't afraid of ghosts, but when he heard some sounds from the supposedly empty second floor, he quickly scrambled away.
I left behind some important documents for the company at home. Sorry, but could you please go and get them for me now?
That was really difficult.
Why do people go to the cinema?
Tom really enjoyed the party.
He is eating a crumpet.
The prawn cocktail was delicious.
She ate a slice of pork pie with egg.
In Britain, mince pies are traditionally eaten at Christmas time.
Would you like some cake?
The sky at dusk is red.
Do you support or oppose the death penalty?
I heard a beautiful song yesterday.
Tom was blindfolded.
You're one stubbornly indecisive guy, you know that? If you have something to say to me, say it now, and clearly.
I have absolutely no clue what happened after I got drunk. Why is there some old dude sleeping in my room?
This air cleaner came pretty cheap when I bought it, but I'm rather suspicious of the "negative ions" it produces.
Put a stamp on the parcel and post it.
Nobody bought it.
I know nothing about constellations. I can only recognize Orion and Cassiopeia. Oh, and the Big Dipper, too.
That's toilet humor.
I thought my son was being quite sneaky lately. Sure enough, I spotted him uploading a picture of himself cross-dressing and in makeup to a blog.
It's great that my nephew and niece came over to play, but they're so annoying making such a racket running all over the house all day that I can't stand it.
My little sister's hobby is designing icons on the web, and she distributes them free of charge on her website whenever she finds the free time to do so.
We will be conducting an inspection on your stomach tomorrow morning at nine, so please do not ingest anything for twelve hours beforehand.
Mr. Tanaka and his son always take the time to greet me, and even helped me carry my things earlier.
Stop thinking for your sake only. Think for other people's, too, and act accordingly.
When I went to buy a can of coffee from the vending machine, it came out with a clunk.
"What anthropoid would your girlfriend be most like?" "What a question... Well, um... An orangutan, I guess."
Tom has poor hygiene.
There was a blackout, so I reset my VCR's time, but I was off by an hour, so I missed my appointment.
Tom is honest and caring.
Her face is really swollen, but she says that it isn't the mumps. Apparently, it's some unknown hereditary disease.
You are evil! You are all demons!
She's what you call a "delinquent mom," but she's good at cooking, and most importantly, she's a really caring parent.
Mary's hair is blowing in the wind.
She seems to be a diehard fan of this author. She even has his anthologies where all he did was collect short stories.
I won't tell anyone.
I don't like messy places like this. I'd rather live somewhere clean and peaceful.
The debuts of groups of South Korean female singers are on the rise in Japan. Japanese singers can't afford to let their guards down.
We expected Takahashi to get drunk and say some weird stuff, but he ended up not drinking too much, so it wasn't interesting.
What's the name of this flower with serrated petals? I tried looking it up in a encyclopedia, but I couldn't get anything.
Mary was sitting alone, reading a book.
Excuse me, I'd like two regular size cones - one with chocolate mint, and the other with orange sherbet, please.
Tom is shy and cowardly.
It's difficult for me to express myself in Esperanto.
In order for Japan to play a central role in the infrastructural improvement of Southeast Asia, tremendous effort between its government and people is required.
Mary loves to dance and sing.
I looked up how my blog is indexed on Google, but I only found five entries.
I was worried that I was going to be late when I missed my train, but I managed to get there just in time!
I'm often told that sleeping right after eating is bad for me, but then I think, isn't it built into our physiology that we get sleepy after eating?
Does the Oedipus Complex apply to me, too? It sure doesn't feel like it, though.
It said "Oracle Master," so I thought it was something related to spirits, but no, it was only about computers. Boring.
I finally saw the ocean after getting out on the balcony. Should I say that this room has an ocean view?
It was quite expensive, but I really wanted that plushy, so I decided to buy the collector's edition of it.
Who gave you such a rough time, and where? I'll beat him black and blue for you.
She had a flower in her hand.
The many oil fences that were used in the Gulf of Mexico got recycled for parts that are now used in electric cars.
I've kept a blog before. I didn't really have a set theme; I just blogged about whatever happened that day.
I do have a crush, but it's not mutual. He already has a lovely wife, anyways.
Only when I got sick as a kid that I could eat as much ice cream and jello as I wanted and not get yelled at.
Tom didn't go far enough.
I hear some guy, presumably a caretaker, going "Rawr, I'm going to eat you!" from the nursery school across the street.
The kids that had been so lively when they were awake are now silently sleeping soundly.
Tom, may I have some money?
It's that, you know, um, whatchamacallit. It's on the tip of my tongue, but I just can't remember the name!
Bangkok is Thailand's capital city.
Tom became editor-in-chief.
Apparently, you can hear a girl's sobs coming from the closed-off washroom in that school building at midnight.
I never want to see his face again, so I tore all of his pictures into pieces and burned them.
Tom and Mary risked everything.
Even though it's cheap, why are you buying so much toilet paper? We don't have anywhere to put it all.
The racket slipped from my hands and broke itself on the court when I made the serve.
Just what time do you think it is? You're bothering everyone in the neighborhood blasting your music this late, you know that?
Tom will never forget the date.
I had no idea you guys were getting married. You should've told me earlier, darn it.
Please insert a coin.
Everything you said was false.
The edges of the lid of a can become sharp when you open one with a can opener, so be careful not to cut yourself.
"Look at the time! I'm gonna be late for school! Bye!" "See you later. Be careful."
You should stay away from Takashi for now. He has a work interview tomorrow or something, and he's really tense.
Penguins look strange when they waddle on land, but the way they swim so smoothly through the water is pretty cool.
Tom was beaten by his father.
If I wanted to stop speaking to all the people I despise, I would have to take a vow of silence.
To ask why I’m in favour of Esperanto is like asking Galileo why he’s in favour of the earth revolving around the sun.
I was going to take a picture of a squirrel I found in the park, but it was too nimble, and all my shots were no good.
I like cold milk, but not hot milk. The white membrane and the smell that develops bothers me.
It's publicly recommended to "raise obedient kids," but it's rather difficult to carry that out.
When I lifted a potted plant in my garden, there were swarms of little insects crawling underneath, and I instinctively let out a shriek.
There was a single oil painting left unfinished in the studio. No other pictures were there.
At that time, he pointed out every single pronunciation mistake I made, no matter how small it was. It was annoying. Especially in front of other people.
Although I don't remember how, I've been getting some bruises on my legs lately. What should I do if it's some kind of weird disease?
Listen, you can hear all the frogs starting to croak outside. At first I found them annoying, but I've gotten used to them now.
Drinking lots of water is good for you, sure, but one can't drink that much water at once.
You mistook the salt for sugar and put it in your coffee?! How careless can you get?
We heard the swing squeaking back and forth in the park where there was supposed to be no one else but us.
Why does the phone have to ring all the time only when I'm busy? I can't get any work done because of it.
The reason why he didn't make it in that accident was because his airbag didn't trigger properly.
It's thanks to the support of my family that I was able to leave that company and open up this new restaurant.
Could you please not talk to me about cakes? I'm in the middle of a diet, and you're making me want one, you know!
Don't just sleep all day like some lion from the zoo. How about you go and clean up your room?
I wonder how tempura fry up so deliciously crisp and dry. Is there a trick to it?
The clicking of high heels kind of hurts my ears. Do the people wearing them not notice?
The first things that you hear when you arrive at Las Vegas are the dings of the slot machines.
Monopoly sure takes me back. I remember Illinois Avenue. It's red, isn't it?
Today's stew has been carefully and slowly boiled to perfect deliciousness.
She always seems to be nervous, but at least she's relaxed when she eats.
Living as a vampire, and getting used to it, isn't such a big deal.
It's because I found out that giving my all won't accomplish anything significant. I miss the good old days where I could just believe in myself.
She's grown quite thin since the last time I've seen her. I wonder if she's sick or something.
I was planning to turn this room into my mother's studio, but I'm currently using it as a storage room.
The various animals started going, "Woof, woof!" and "Meow, meow!" and "Cock-a-doodle-doo!"
Only Chernobyl comes to mind whenever I think about the Ukraine. Oh, and Serhiy Nazarovych Bubka, right?
Emiko never thinks about others' feelings and always says things too bluntly, so everyone hates her.
I couldn't understand her accent.
I don't like big cities.
One of us is wrong.
This is a straightforward case.
You love your mother, right?
You love your father, right?
You love your wife, right?
Tom did it for the sake of his country.
They won't eat meat.
They will not eat meat.
I'm desperate.
He was taken unconscious to the hospital.
I'm free anytime.
The student ended up sleeping in the classroom.
There are so many books that I want...what should I do?
Has everyone got all of their suitcases back?
He's sometimes an interesting fellow.
Sorry for being late.
Today is October 11th.
There are some things in this world that can't be explained by words alone.
I get your point, but I still don't agree.
Before we begin, a number of preliminary remarks are in order.
I have a friend coming over to visit tomorrow.
Paper production increases annually.
This is none of my business!
I saw her yesterday.
The point is it's not funny.
The bathroom sink is plugged.
I don't agree with your conclusions.
He was searching for something in the dark.
The manager said it was your fault.
You've done better than that.
I speak Japanese well.
Have you called the boss already?
Grab as much as you need.
I never wrote to her, despite the urge to do so.
Can you phrase your answer in an understandable manner?
The rider is not careful.
The ingredients for this recipe are a little expensive.
Bullet-proof glass ensures safety but isn't widely available due to its high cost.
I don't know his whereabouts.
That's very kind of you to say that.
The mother finished writing her letter.
Anything oral is fine by me.
Bioclimatic is an ecological approach to architecture.
But how difficult that was!
The orchestra plays nightly the whole night through.
Was I about to die?
Isn't it enough?
She is trying to prove the existence of ghosts.
We like to talk.
He threatened to take everything I own.
Aren't there any risks?
Can't you work things out through dialog?
The bird had a broken wing.
Who is that girl, standing by the door?
I don't feel like having Chinese food today.
Tomorrow I have a cricket match. Wish me luck.
Hopefully, the weather will be just like today.
Here's the awkward moment when your neighbour has seen you break his fence.
Tom is quite drunk.
It's all a matter of semantics.
Yes, but she just left.
Yes, but she left just now.
Everybody's a winner.
"That's a woman's job," said Tom.
Tom wants to become a ballet dancer.
What's the worst-case scenario?
Tom is intellectually lazy.
Tom wants to understand the meaning of life.
Tom says he doesn't like money.
He got done for match-fixing.
The man thought he could influence the outcome of the match.
Whose is this food?
He's still underage.
You need it.
That guy's a friend of mine.
He's a science fiction fanatic.
He lost his temper.
When the thought of what I had done came to mind, I felt like an assassin.
Do you speak Dutch?
You must learn to restrain yourself.
I want to eat out today.
The bread's on the table.
Where's the bread?
The tribal wise man shared his knowledge with all the young.
I never liked Biology.
Unfortunately the store was closed.
He has the habit of making others jealous.
I thought I had paid the monthly fee, but I received a phone call from the school saying that the bill still needs to be paid.
They had a lot of kids.
The whole country mourned his death.
Today is Saturday and tomorrow is Sunday.
My sister plays piano every day.
I'm not able to respond to all of your questions.
I just got done eating lunch.
I'm allergic to dust.
My youngest brother is still asleep.
I'll show you some.
You scared the living daylights out of me.
I spoke with her for one hour.
I won't have time on Monday nor on Tuesday.
This isn't the time.
When I turned fifteen I started going out more.
This door leads to the garden.
Follow your dreams to the ends of the earth.
Which story do you want me to read?
What kind of people spend time on Toki Pona knowing that Esperanto is the universal language?
I hadn't seen him for ten years.
I do not believe in the creed professed by the Jewish Church, by the Roman Church, by the Greek Church, by the Turkish Church, by the Protestant Church, nor by any church that I know of.
All national institutions of churches, whether Jewish, Christian or Turkish, appear to me no other than human inventions, set up to terrify and enslave mankind, and monopolize power and profit.
But it is necessary to the happiness of man that he be mentally faithful to himself.
The study of theology as it stands in Christian churches, is the study of nothing; it is founded on nothing; it rests on no principles; it proceeds by no authorities; it has no data; it can demonstrate nothing; and admits of no conclusion.
But when, according to the Christian Trinitarian scheme, one part of God is represented by a dying man, and another part, called the Holy Ghost, by a flying pigeon, it is impossible that belief can attach itself to such wild conceits.
It has been the scheme of the Christian church, and of all the other invented systems of religion, to hold man in ignorance of the Creator, as it is of government to hold him in ignorance of his rights.
We know that the greatest works can be represented in model, and that the universe can be represented by the same means.
All the knowledge man has of science and of machinery, by the aid of which his existence is rendered comfortable upon earth, and without which he would be scarcely distinguishable in appearance and condition from a common animal, comes from the great machine and structure of the universe.
Every part of science, whether connected with the geometry of the universe, with the systems of animal and vegetable life, or with the properties of inanimate matter, is a text as well for devotion as for philosophy.
Every house of devotion should become a school of science.
If we consider the nature of our condition here, we must see there is no occasion for such a thing as revealed religion.
Loving, of enemies is another dogma of feigned morality, and has besides no meaning.
As to the fragments of morality that are irregularly and thinly scattered in those books, they make no part of this pretended thing, revealed religion.
No sooner were the professors of Christianity sufficiently powerful to employ the sword than they did so.
The most detestable wickedness, the most horrid cruelties, and the greatest miseries, that have afflicted the human race have had their origin in this thing called revelation, or revealed religion.
The story of Jesus Christ appearing after he was dead is the story of an apparition, such as timid imaginations can always create in vision, and credulity believe.
Stories of this kind had been told of the assassination of Julius Caesar not many years before, and they generally have their origin in violent deaths, or in execution of innocent persons.
It would therefore be advantageous to the state of learning to abolish the study of the dead languages, and to make learning consist, as it originally did, in scientific knowledge.
The human mind has a natural disposition to scientific knowledge, and to the things connected with it.
The first and favourite amusement of a child, even before it begins to play, is that of imitating the works of man.
They not only rejected the study of science out of the christian schools, but they persecuted it.
So late as 1610, Galileo, a Florentine, discovered and introduced the use of telescopes, and by applying them to observe the motions and appearances of the heavenly bodies, afforded additional means for ascertaining the true structure of the universe.
Instead of being esteemed for these discoveries, he was sentenced to renounce them, or the opinions resulting from them, as a damnable heresy.
That is, the 'new' Will, as if there could be two wills of the Creator.
Had it been the object or the intention of Jesus Christ to establish a new religion, he would undoubtedly have written the system himself, or procured it to be written in his life time.
But there is no publication extant authenticated with his name.
All the books called the New Testament were written after his death.
It is somewhat curious that the three persons whose names are the most universally recorded were of very obscure parentage.
The idea of his concealment, not only agrees very ill with his reputed divinity, but associates with it something of pusillanimity.
The manner in which he was apprehended shows that he was not much known, at that time.
And it shows also that the meetings he then held with his followers were in secret.
Judas could no otherways betray him than by giving information where he was, and pointing him out to the officers that went to arrest him.
The Christian mythologists tell us that Christ died for the sins of the world, and that he came on Purpose to die.
Would it not then have been the same if he had died of a fever or of the small pox, of old age, or of anything else?
The declaratory sentence which, they say, was passed upon Adam, in case he ate of the apple, was not, that thou shalt surely be crucified, but, thou shalt surely die.
The sentence was death, and not the manner of dying.
Crucifixion, therefore, or any other particular manner of dying, made no part of the sentence that Adam was to suffer, and consequently, even upon their own tactic, it could make no part of the sentence that Christ was to suffer in the room of Adam.
A fever would have done as well as a cross, if there was any occasion for either.
This sentence of death, which, they tell us, was thus passed upon Adam, must either have meant dying naturally, that is, ceasing to live, or have meant what these mythologists call damnation.
And consequently, the act of dying on the part of Jesus Christ, must, according to their system, apply as a prevention to one or other of these two things happening to Adam and to us.
That it does not prevent our dying is evident, because we all die.
If Jesus Christ was the being which those mythologists tell us he was, and that he came into this world to suffer, which is a word they sometimes use instead of 'to die,' the only real suffering he could have endured would have been 'to live.'
His existence here was a state of exilement or transportation from heaven, and the way back to his original country was to die.
How much, or what parts of the books called the New Testament, were written by the persons whose names they bear, is what we can know nothing of, neither are we certain in what language they were originally written.
The four books already mentioned, Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John, are altogether anecdotal.
They relate events after they had taken place.
They tell what Jesus Christ did and said, and what others did and said to him.
And in several instances they relate the same event differently.
Revelation is necessarily out of the question with respect to those books.
You should have stood up.
Revelation cannot be applied to the relating of facts by the persons who saw them done, nor to the relating or recording of any discourse or conversation by those who heard it.
All the other parts of the New Testament, except the book of enigmas, called the Revelations, are a collection of letters under the name of epistles.
The forgery of letters has been such a common practice in the world, that the probability is at least equal, whether they are genuine or forged.
One thing, however, is much less equivocal, which is, that out of the matters contained in those books, together with the assistance of some old stories, the church has set up a system of religion very contradictory to the character of the person whose name it bears.
It has set up a religion of pomp and of revenue in pretended imitation of a person whose life was humility and poverty.
The invention of a purgatory, and of the releasing of souls therefrom, by prayers, bought of the church with money; the selling of pardons, dispensations, and indulgences, are revenue laws, without bearing that name or carrying that appearance.
But the case nevertheless is, that those things derive their origin from the proxysm of the crucifixion, and the theory deduced therefrom, which was, that one person could stand in the place of another, and could perform meritorious services for him.
The probability, therefore, is, that the whole theory or doctrine of what is called the redemption was originally fabricated on purpose to bring forward and build all those secondary and pecuniary redemptions upon.
The passages in the books upon which the idea of theory of redemption is built, have been manufactured and fabricated for that purpose.
That she could fabricate writings is certain, because she could write.
The composition of the writings in question, is of that kind that anybody might do it.
That she did fabricate them is not more inconsistent with probability, than that she should tell us, as she has done, that she could and did work miracles.
No external evidence can, at this long distance of time, be produced to prove whether the church fabricated the doctrine called redemption or not.
If I owe a person money, and cannot pay him, and he threatens to put me in prison, another person can take the debt upon himself, and pay it for me.
But if I have committed a crime, every circumstance of the case is changed.
Moral justice cannot take the innocent for the guilty even if the innocent would offer itself.
To suppose justice to do this, is to destroy the principle of its existence, which is the thing itself.
It is then no longer justice.
It is indiscriminate revenge.
This single reflection will show that the doctrine of redemption is founded on a mere pecuniary idea corresponding to that of a debt which another person might pay.
Let him believe this, and he will live more consistently and morally, than by any other system.
He despises the choicest gift of God to man, the gift of reason.
Having endeavoured to force upon himself the belief of a system against which reason revolts, he ungratefully calls it human reason, as if man could give reason to himself.
Yet, with all this strange appearance of humility, and this contempt for human reason, he ventures into the boldest presumptions.
He finds fault with everything.
His selfishness is never satisfied.
His ingratitude is never at an end.
He takes on himself to direct the Almighty what to do, even in the government of the universe.
He prays dictatorially.
When it is sunshine, he prays for rain, and when it is rain, he prays for sunshine.
He follows the same idea in everything that he prays for.
For what is the amount of all his prayers, but an attempt to make the Almighty change his mind, and act otherwise than he does?
It is as if he were to say—thou knowest not so well as I.
From the side where the sun rises, silk of leaves is falling down.
My mother, who has become a sun, has been on my mind throughout the years.
After the rain the sun shines much brighter.
When you get to be my age, you'll understand what I mean.
It was just a coincidence.
It was no coincidence that both Tom and Mary were in the cafeteria at the same time.
I'm studying Toki Pona.
I'm learning Toki Pona.
Don't respond to questions marked with an X.
I'm tired, that's all.
She took over the business after the death of her husband.
You look satisfied.
They can burn more easily.
His company didn't survive the crisis.
His company went under during the crisis.
I don't have enough money to pay for the product in cash.
You won't find a dog bigger than this one.
This is more important!
It never happens to me.
The boy got lost in the forest.
The facts proved that our worries were unnecessary.
He frankly expressed his own view.
Nobody knows that.
The boy is afraid of the dark.
It's very easy.
It's very difficult.
He is reading.
Mrs Thomas taught us history.
Just do what you have to do, no questions asked.
John is writing an assignment about the Brazilian backcountry.
That's happened to me plenty of times.
Our team won to 1.
"How do you like my hair?", asked Mary to her husband.
Let's go out tonight?
The mother is correct, the father isn't.
You don't have to make up an excuse if you don't want to go with us.
He borrowed the car from his friend.
"You got a smoke?" "Yeah, but I don't have a lighter."
I have something to tell you. I lied when I said I didn't know.
I can lend you one if you want.
The game was a tie, 2-2.
I don't like the look of it.
There's something fishy going on.
Take no prisoners.
Take the money and run.
Tom is a misanthrope.
Tom went out dancing.
Tom doesn't like clubs where there is loud music.
It freaks me out.
Tom's sister is a devout Christian.
Tom's father disowned him.
No one had even seen something like it.
Tom doesn't have a credit card.
Tom drives a black car, right?
He promised not to tell that to anyone.
Yesterday I went to sleep at PM.
I had a lot of money, but spent everything.
How long do you plan on staying here?
Someone is coming.
Tom rubbed his face.
I was afraid I wouldn't have the pleasure of meeting you.
Tom and Mary hugged each other.
Damned, you look good!
Tom adjusted his glasses.
Tom is Mary's protege.
Things have changed.
He left for no reason whatsoever.
It's a fucking mess.
Tom was sleeping.
Tom tried to convince Mary not to go.
Tom won't interfere.
By the time he finds out, it will be too late.
Tom really fucked things up.
I haven't had the honor of meeting him.
It's not as bad as it seems.
I haven't seen you for so long!
Tom straightened his glasses.
Where were the police?
Where was the police?
Do they know about us?
Don't forget to remind me of that.
I had already spotted him from afar.
I saw the two together on several occasions.
Tom can't get enough of it.
Since it was already late, I went to sleep.
The end of the world is coming.
Tom ate in silence.
Did he stay very long?
What do we do next?
Mary can't get enough of it.
Why didn't she come?
Tom shaved.
Tom showered and shaved.
They are our guests.
We must go.
Sorry to interrupt you.
You're never at home.
He left a minute ago.
Close the door behind you.
Tom nodded.
We already know each other.
You're leaving already?
You're our guest for the week.
Tom and Mary joined the group.
Slovenian singer Maja Keuc was born in 1992.
You don't need to come to work Saturday.
He's ahead in the race.
Where were you for the whole afternoon?
His sons do as they please.
Keep touching me.
Our team lost, 2-0.
Have you been to Cairo?
This music is from the 40s.
This merchandise will be on its way to São Paulo, and from there, to Pequim.
Just as Max predicted, our team lost.
In one year there are more than thirty-one million seconds.
One of the fan blades broke loose and shattered against the wall.
Prepositions generally cause problems for foreign language students.
This dictionary is a good learning tool for both students and professors.
She is the one you should model yourself after.
My computer's acting up.
Why are you saying you want to walk in the park?
My flash drive isn't being recognized.
I went to bed late and was late for the first train.
She needs someone who is able to understand her.
Disconnect the power cable from the modem, wait for approximately one minute, then reconnect the cable.
He is too little to take the book from the shelf.
What a superficial answer!
I married off my daughter.
Many people in Africa speak French.
Many Australians are descendants of criminals sent there. Meanwhile, the crime rate in Australia is very low. Food for thought.
You think I'm an idiot?
Don't go without a hat.
I think about it every day.
I need a new broom. This one's shot.
The rocks on this beach remind me of those summer days when Laura and I played in the sand until nightfall.
As much as I tried, I never managed to beat the final boss.
The Spanish voice-over was complete shit.
The soccer player found himself stalked by many journalists.
What's the text about?
You just turned the radio on.
I just received your letter.
I didn't buy them.
The apples are delicious.
I know you're not completely innocent, you too, share some of the blame.
Whose son are you?
Don't drive so fast. We're all going to die!
This series will be remembered for a long time to come.
Even writing in one's native language is a challenge.
Resistance is futile.
Tom believes in magic.
Tom can't help it.
Having washed my skirt in the cold water of a spring, I sat a while.
This wonderful « people's language » progresses so rapidly that it is impossible here to keep account of all that is written, said, and done.
Tom would not relent.
This is not a small problem.
Kimchi is a traditional Korean dish.
Tom's grandmother died from salmonella.
Tom is a celebrity.
The dish is too sweet for Tom.
Tom told Mary not to add sugar.
This soup is too spicy.
Tom doesn't like asking for help.
Tom looked puzzled.
Mary likes Bollywood movies.
The policeman read Tom his rights.
Tom maintained his innocence.
Tom and Mary met at a party.
Tom is now a multimillionaire.
This book is a bildungsroman.
I feel flattered.
Tom pulled out his iPhone.
Timing is everything.
Tom is angry and bitter.
Tom stood up for what is right.
In the mean time, let's have a sit down.
While we're waiting, why don't you tell me what happened?
Tell you what, I'll come to you, that'll be easier.
Lake Geneva is the largest lake in Switzerland.
She smiled at me, whilst she sang.
Goodbye, see you very soon!
Football is an exciting sport.
He felt a sharp pain in his chest.
They are thirty minutes late according to the planned timetable.
He showed me his collection of stamps.
The mother occasionally reread her son's letter.
Do you speak Toki Pona?
I can only recommend that everyone give themselves three days to learn Toki Pona.
What kind of person is interested in Toki Pona, knowing that Esperanto is the universal language?
She slept for a few hours.
After work, Tom is always tired.
We heard the door shut.
Have you met a lot of Esperantists here?
He didn't like school.
Normally, I stay at home on Sundays.
Is there a telephone nearby?
The spell was broken, and the pig was again transformed into a man.
Do you know his father?
Little by little, the bird made his nest.
We had the greatest difficulties in making ourselves heard.
We will soon have no more petrol.
Our bike tour of the French Alps lasted two weeks.
Better to be blind than to see that.
Better to be deaf than to hear that.
Jeanne is also playing tennis.
If you buy me an ice cream, I'll give you a kiss.
That really wasn't easy!
Tom got into a fight at school today.
Tom sells fertilizer.
We went down by elevator.
Tom is a democrat.
Tom is a republican.
Tom went pheasant hunting.
Tom is working just as hard.
Tom was elected in 2010.
Tom is dodging my calls.
It's an interesting argument.
It's a relief.
What happens next?
Everybody does that.
We can't compete with that.
It's a whole other ball game.
Cut Tom some slack.
Tom is a senior member.
Tom is cynical.
What is art?
I did not expect it to be that big.
Tom wants to hear both sides of the story.
Tom is playing Pacman.
Tom plays Pacman.
It's only getting bigger.
It seems like forever ago.
Tom was outraged.
Tom is clueless.
It's hard to get people to change.
Don't act like that.
It wasn't easy to convince her.
It costs more to mint a penny than the penny itself is worth.
I became first.
Dick plans to go there alone.
I would like to visit South Korea.
It's a shame that you don't honour us with your presence.
It's a shame that you're not coming.
I like English.
I married my daughter.
The dictionary is on the desk.
She visited the school, despite a pain in her right arm.
Next week, I'm taking the plane to Chicago.
Can I sit next to you?
My father was sad for the whole day as he had lost his wallet.
I spoke slowly so that they could understand me.
Strawberries are small, red fruit that are normally eaten in Spring.
Act like you were from those we can not quickly make a maker of unsuccessful ones.
Hopefully, the island is beautiful.
"Is America larger than Europe?" "Yes, America is larger than Europe."
Suddenly, something unexpected happened.
I can't stay here.
Tom is a good boy.
Mary is a good girl.
The situation is complicated.
There's nothing to be ashamed of.
They left Tom behind.
Tom won't last long.
Liar!
Tom wanted to find out.
Tom and Mary survived the bombing.
Tom and Mary were the only survivors.
No hard feelings!
No offence!
No offense!
Tom pushed Mary into the water.
This is simply not true.
I've got a sweet tooth.
It's pissing with rain.
It's bucketing down.
Tom called in sick.
Tom built a treehouse.
Mary cut her arm open.
We haven't seen you in a while.
Maybe it's not as hard as it looks.
In Tatoeba it makes no sense adding hundreds of sentences if they are not validated by native users.
It was my pleasure.
Christ is risen!
She always cries when she chops onions.
I am not afraid of dying.
I will face death, if it is necessary.
Listen well to what I am going to say: the only way of getting out of this is by working as a team.
The last thing I want to do is hurt her.
She didn't intend to hurt you.
You don't deserve any of what I do to you.
She is not as tough as she seems.
I didn't mean to confuse him.
Like you just said, we don't have the slightest chance.
Who did that?
You should really think about it before telling him yes.
There is no reason for her to flee.
That's a subject I prefer not to talk about.
Did I scare you?
If I were you, I would follow him to the end of the world.
Sometimes you scare me.
If you have something to say, it's better if you open your mouth and say it.
John has a Tin Lizzie.
We didn't mean to hurt you.
What the hell kind of movie is this?
This is our problem.
I'm sorry if I scared you.
Don't listen to him!
"What do you want?" "Forget about it."
Tom was furious.
Tom is helpless.
Tom was indignant.
All prayer is dictatorial.
It took me two hours to reach Yokohama.
He was almost blind right before dying.
Pull the foreskin back before putting on the condom.
Write down your thoughts every day and one day you'll be able to understand something about yourself.
Frogs are such amazing creatures.
Do you watch the o'clock soap opera?
I need an assistant who speaks Korean.
He doesn't respond to the stimulus.
I always thought this would be the right thing to do.
Reaction is not always the best course of action.
After a few more seconds of silence, John decided to make his opinion known.
This is a breakfast.
Don't mind her.
Don't pay attention to her.
Never mind what she says.
There's nowhere for you to hide.
They told me it was your fault.
She's terrified of talking to strangers.
Any chance of us getting approved?
I get awkward talking to girls.
Who the fuck cares?
Tom is cold and tired.
Tom's palms were sweaty.
Tom was thrown from his horse.
Tom ran away.
That was a cheap shot.
Tom was covered with sweat.
Tom woke up covered in sweat and his heart pounding.
She was the most beautiful woman he had ever seen.
Mary is a few years older than Tom.
They made love.
You bombed your speech.
Your speech sucked.
I feel your pain.
Tom was sure that he would never see her again.
Tom was turned down.
Mary is lean and tall.
Tom is lean and tall.
Tom dreamed of her often.
This product is expensive to produce.
It's a risky proposition.
Tom freed the hostages.
Tom is the ranking officer.
Tom was busy day and night.
Tom lost his temper.
Her skin was warm.
Tom was court-martialed on the grounds of mutiny and disobeying orders.
Tom is average looking.
Mary is average looking.
Did anyone ask for me?
Take the bus.
Who wrote the Bible?
Tom still uses dial-up Internet.
Tom has a fast 56k modem.
That chicken looks good.
Mary was secretly pleased.
Get that chip off your shoulder.
Tom should have discussed it with his parents.
God bless America.
Tom thinks he has invented a perpetual motion machine.
"God bless you." "I'm an atheist."
I don't think it would work as well as you might expect.
Act like a man!
Is it necessary to have a god?
Mary wore a pale blue dress.
Hope for the best; prepare for the worst.
Believe me when I say that that's the last thing you should be worried about.
Can you touch your toes without bending your legs?
Tom has eyesight problems.
The university's endowment has decreased steadily over the last ten years.
The two scholars wrangled over the meaning of an obscure Tibetan phrase.
Paparazzi thronged both sides of the red carpet.
A good yoga session can limber you up like nothing else.
The foreman docked me an hour's pay for getting to work late.
Al Capone was finally sent away for tax evasion.
Rabid dogs usually foam at the mouth.
He sat down at the piano and plonked out as best he could the "Happy Birthday" song.
Eat your soup, John!
Tom's radio is broken.
What he's saying is actually true.
The pain of having lost his family drove him to suicide.
What are you getting ready for?
I can't understand what they were thinking.
Ninety percent of the people in this country don't exercise regularly.
That's so weird.
He saw suicide as the only way out.
A hundred years have passed since the Titanic sank.
The Titanic hit an iceberg.
Between 1,and 1,people died in the sinking of the Titanic.
If he got a out of on the test it's because he cheated.
The Titanic's lifeboats only had enough space to carry about half of those on board.
The Titanic sank at 02:on Monday, April 15th.
The party was a flop.
Don't speak to her like that.
What an idiotic mistake!
I'd like to speak with my lawyer.
Don't make me lose my patience.
Tom hid in the closet.
I'll pay for lunch.
We don't have all the time in the world.
This sculpture is more than two thousand years old.
I had to do everything on my own.
Monday morning I was bitten by a dog.
We have to find rules that work.
She's a bit of a slapper.
The Rosetta Stone was found in 1799.
I'm starting to lose my patience with you.
Do as you are told, and no answering back.
He's going to eat you alive when he finds out the truth.
I didn't like what he said at all.
I ate something funny when I was in China.
He was hanged during the Revolution.
What's the minimum wage in your country?
It's cloudy today. Why don't we go to the beach tomorrow?
How much time do we have?
My bike is in the bike shop.
That candidate deserves our support.
This painting was painted in the 21st century.
She was never disrespectful to me.
I studied French when I was seven, but now I only remember a few words.
My mom wants me to study in Switzerland.
Tell the taxi driver to drive faster.
Maybe you can't hear me?
He showed up when we least expected it.
Do not tempt me.
Don't try me.
My friend is really a clown.
He has enough money.
I gave up on receiving the unpaid salary.
If you harm her in any way, I'll kill you.
When I said I was an atheist she looked down on me.
You must always say the truth.
Children love cakes.
Food is not love.
A man must learn throughout his whole life.
If you could go back in time, what would you change?
You sorted the books in the wrong order!
I started learning English six years ago.
We should not make too much money.
One day, Pablo got lost in the Guatemalan jungle.
He followed my advice.
Don't forget to take your umbrella when you go out.
How long will it last?
They should do the same thing.
They do have a TV.
There's nothing to do.
There is nothing to do.
That depends on the context.
I know there was a big church there.
Friday is near.
I am years old.
Where are you going to move?
When are you going to move?
Your name stands first on my list.
Who was the lucky one who ended up with the inheritance?
I don't want to know what you think about this.
If I had wanted your opinion, I would have asked for it.
The impurities of the water were visible to the naked eye.
If you think that you are going to make me your slave, you can forget it.
I don't like being waited for.
There won't be nothing much, but please come by my house this evening.
He came at dawn.
My own mind is my own church.
He came by the sign.
What was his name?
There are people who get nothing from their fortune except fear of losing it.
The librarian looked quite sick.
You can take it. I really don't need it as much as you think.
The cat that entered into our room looked around frightened
He suggested going out to watch a movie.
Wrap yourself warm, it is cold out there.
She was to drink the milk at school but drank it at home.
"I can't help it," she said, "I'm already in love with him."
Do you live in this area?
I am an English student.
Natasha was born in Russia, but she doesn’t speak Russian.
I am a French doctor.
I am a Spanish reporter.
I am a German architect.
Sorry for the inconvenience.
I am a Japanese writer.
I am a Monegasque musician.
The stain that was removed was still visible on the skirt.
Who ended up paying the bill?
Sorry, I don't speak very well Esperanto.
I am an American singer.
Don't hit me with the umbrella!
Paolo told me we'd go hunting the following day.
Who is this pretty girl?
We grow grapes, corn and fruit trees.
With contact lenses, you have more accurate vision than you would with glasses.
Last years we lent you one million euros to buy machines.
Do you still need money?
I need to buy some land.
These days, everything has got too expensive.
We'll destroy the old farms.
It will be a wonderful town.
Are you looking for oil in the area?
I hope we'll find lots of it.
She is strong enough to carry the suitcase.
You work too much. Take a break!
You have studied enough. Now you can go and play.
He's got enough money to buy a house.
His family didn't have much money.
You see, I've got only these two castles, one hundred hectares of land, six cars, four hundred heads of cattle and twenty racehorses...
If Tatoeba is addictive, does this mean that Esperanto speakers are more addicted than speakers of other languages, and can this addiction be the basis of a new common culture?
We're on speaking terms.
Tom was strip-searched.
Mary received a pat-down search at the airport.
Mary received a patdown search at the airport.
Tom was frisked by the police officer.
Full body scanners were installed at the airport.
Tom went to the YMCA.
Tom goes to Bible study on Sunday mornings.
Tom is a corrections officer.
This will protect your skin.
The journey to China was strenuous, so I'm rather tired.
I'll try to get a lay of the land before I start contributing.
I'd like to leave feedback.
It's not the Esperanto speakers that are more addicted to languages, it's the other way round...
Tom reads the Bible every day.
Atoms can't be seen by the naked eye.
Are you still watching these things?
Do you play tennis well?
I didn't notice this thing.
If it continues progressing well, it will be up and running in under a month.
Mary is a cheerleader.
Tom is legally blind.
Tom is blind.
Tom is visually impaired.
You don't like it?
Tom's paper lacks any citations.
She is somewhat refined.
No one would meet with Tom.
We need your help!
Do you live in Portugal or Brazil?
Do you want me to take you to the station?
Tom followed Mary.
Tom had a feeling of déjà vu.
Is this where you live?
Mary stripped off her clothes.
I'm horny.
Don't let yourself be fooled!
Tom saw a large bird.
How is this possible?
It's wrong.
Mary and her boyfriend lived together for four years.
How did this happen?
Tom and Mary are living together.
Tom fought like a cornered rat.
Tom was panting.
Tom wants to be a tattoo artist.
Tom is in a lot of trouble.
Tom did not look back.
Tom lied unconscious on the ground.
Tom wants to get his GED.
Tom was involved in a fistfight.
Maria works in the field of psychiatry.
This gun is reportedly very powerful.
Jose is lactose intolerant.
This food is gluten-free.
My computer doesn't seem to be connecting to the printer.
You won't make it!
Tom believes in fairies.
I was astounded that she can speak languages.
Age doesn't lead to maturity, unless you're a cheese.
The Japanese live on rice and fish.
Can I sit here?
I bought a Microsoft mouse.
My older brother had a position in a large company.
Decide the register.
Timing is very important.
It reminds me of the good old times.
Choose one and write a letter.
The text is too long.
The text isn't divided too well.
Should you wish to take my application further, I would be happy to come for interview.
It's easy for you.
The clitoris is the most sensitive organ of a woman.
I need to talk with you.
The moon has no atmosphere.
It took us two hours to get to Tokyo.
Tom's savings will soon run out.
Please come into the room.
Tom is a scrawny kid.
That's it. I'm outta here.
It's the shortest route to Paris.
The student made an irrelevant remark.
Tom saw a person with a scary looking face today.
He who has never left his country is full of prejudices.
He who does not love is unhappy, and unhappy is he who is in love.
Through pleasure we must cheat death.
Happy is he who desires nothing anymore!
Youth goes away and never comes back.
Youth runs away and never comes back.
But always pleasure is accompanied by pain.
The greatest joy after being in love is confessing one's love.
My father was committed to a psychiatric hospital.
I did my military service in Ankara.
I want a blue pen, a red one and a black one.
He's gaining time.
Lots of Brazilian schools observed a minute's silence in honour of the victims of the massacre in Realengo.
This implies the needed ability to nag native speakers to create example sentences using the phrases WE find difficult.
Youth runs away to never come back.
Happy the one who further desires nomore!
Tom didn't know their names.
Are you a good fuck at the tennis club?
The Japanese's basic diet consists of rice and fish.
The Earth is blue like an orange.
Cry: tears are the heart's petals.
The poet is the one who is inspired much more than he is the one who inspires.
We must take from Cesar what does not belong to him.
Murder is punishable by death.
I'm here to vote. My name is Emma Andrews.
This numerical analysis coursework is driving me insane.
I'm excited for my housemate's birthday party tomorrow.
I've just received some news which has broken my heart.
The one I adore is off the market.
I confirmed the order.
The Socialist Party groomed him as a presidential candidate.
The basic Japanese diet consists mainly of rice and fish.
Please call me back in an hour.
I don't recognize anyone.
Nobody died.
I won't give up on the stolen money.
There's nowt as queer as folk.
You must show yourself creative when composing a piece of music.
I used his beheaded body as a shield.
School clubs need to clearly outline the community service projects they plan to do for the upcoming school year.
Your club needs to elect officers: president, vice president, secretary and treasurer.
We need a description of the club so that it can be added to the school handbook.
Is it really possible?
The wall is white on the inside and green on the outside.
Tom dropped the ball.
Galileo dropped two balls from the Tower of Pisa.
Tom really dropped the ball on this one.
He came to understand that he could no longer work.
Tom can't afford it.
Tom did it for free.
Mary did it for free.
She was an activist in the Women's Liberation Movement.
Tom says that he's willing to do it for free.
John is a veterinarian.
Mary says that she's willing to do it for free.
Do a barrel roll.
I had a meeting with professors and researchers at USP.
Try typing "Do a barrel roll" into Google. Amazing, isn't it?
It's boring to watch.
This is a beautiful story.
Although Internet has become more easily accessible in recent years, many people still can't enjoy this service.
I keep getting spam email.
I keep receiving unwanted emails.
How many computers do you have at home?
This politician is nothing more than an ass-kisser.
This romance tells the story of a family from the Northeast of Brazil that moves to the Southeastern part of the country.
According to the Mayan calendar, the end of the world will come soon.
Tom composed a sonnet.
Sorry, but your brother is an idiot.
We'll do it live.
Didn't you see the man?
Keep it in mind for the next time.
I'm getting dressed right after I eat breakfast.
She's determined to become a secretary.
Do you get it?
This area is still underdeveloped because of a lack of interest from the government.
Children have everything, except what we take away from them.
There are some adults who have never been children.
It's easier to die than to love.
There's no light without a shadow.
The future of man is the woman.
What would you attempt to do if you knew you could not fail?
The military quashed the revolt within a matter of hours.
What's all the hubbub about?
Loneliness and being alone are not the same thing.
You get out only what you put in.
Few things are more enraging to me than the sight of an animal being beaten.
He retired at years of age.
The election was unanimous.
Stay off the grass.
No one knows where he lives.
Either night or the Prussians will come.
It seems like he knows the secret.
We don't know whether he can come or not.
Please take the pillow and blanket and give them to me.
One who has everything can lose everything.
I looked after him for a period of time.
I just found out that he's sick, so I'll visit him later.
He got married quickly.
I could rip you apart with my bare hands.
I could tear you apart with my bare hands.
If you run into Mr. Lang, don't forget to ask him how his wife is doing.
This lonely patient takes pleasure from sewing.
They still attacked us, despite clearly agreeing to sign the non-agression pact.
It's at the third home in the second row of houses.
Your tears tear my heart!
My brother bothers me!
Phenolphthalein will turn fuchsia in the presence of a base with a pH of or above 10.and will remain colorless in the presence of a solution with a pH of or below 8.2.
Do you cry often?
We are going to a nice bar in the evening.
The seriously injured man was dead on arrival at the hospital.
I'm too happy!
We listen to music.
I watched a great movie recently.
I am a very good chess player.
A calculator is more efficient than an abacus.
Could it be that you don't know?
I like eating pineapple for breakfast.
The night goes on!
I am not very good at backgammon.
How did you get so good at backgammon?
Later that night, the shephard herded his sheep and went to bed.
I played an interesting game of chess against the computer last week.
My memory is failing; I can never seem to remember even the simplest of instructions.
I think that I will be able to meet you soon.
He should resign from his post, since it's too much responsibility for him.
Bogdan Tanevich resigned because of colon cancer.
Quite a lot of friends and acquaintances have come.
Can you speak Mandarin?
Are you able to speak Mandarin?
They're carrying out a book burning.
Could you recommend a few French singers?
I have no money at all.
What are we having for dinner?
What's for supper?
His lie got him into trouble when his boss discovered the truth.
The greatest joy after loving is confessing one's love.
The amount of time spent asleep can vary from person to person.
There is no happy love.
Life is full of splinters.
Everything that is not me is incomprehensible.
It's time to establish the religion of love.
The sun has always wounded the eyes of its worshippers.
I've worked with many people over the last few years, including several graduate students.
Science, my lad, is made out of errors, but of good ones, for they bring step by step closer to the truth.
It's easier to make war than to make peace.
Mr So-and-So is dead. Why would I bother going to his funeral since, I am certain, he won't come to mine?
Politicians should keep their promises.
Chemistry is a marvelous science.
Well, Cupid is a terrible sniper.
This movie is so terrible it's hilarious.
The farmer seeded the field with wheat.
He tendered his resignation.
He submitted his resignation.
She submitted her resignation.
She tendered her resignation.
It was not until yesterday that I knew his name.
They didn't listen.
The scarecrow in the backyard fell over during the hurricane.
Give a man a fish and he'll have dinner for a night; teach a man to fish and he will have dinner for a lifetime.
How come pumpkins are traditional on Halloween?
It is often said that the world loses a language every week.
My favorite beverage is without a doubt seltzer.
Have you heard that a psychic dwarf just escaped from prison? There's a small medium at large!
How old is the Eiffel Tower?
I persuaded her to make herself comfortable.
There used to be a vegetable garden in our yard.
I got you confused with your oldest brother.
My car is covered with pigeon poop.
My car is covered in pigeon poop.
My car is covered in pigeon shit.
He has infinite resources.
She has infinite resources.
It reminds me of something!
Tom didn't tell Mary how much money he had spent.
Take the bags upstairs.
Tom has told me a lot about you.
The probability of Tom being punished is very small.
It is a serious problem.
Mary called her first child Tom.
The city was covered in snow.
He knows how to swim.
I can't see anything!
I don't see anything!
Does this medicine work quickly?
Have you prepared everything for tomorrow?
You can use my car if you drive carefully.
The building's structure is compromised.
The structural integrity of the building is compromised.
I don't understand either.
I don't know where you're going.
She isn't paid monthly, but daily.
The buildings are small in comparison to the skyscrapers in New York.
I refuse to answer such a stupid question.
Do you want me to answer?
I mostly agree with what he said.
He did not disappoint me.
She did not disappoint him.
It will be a wonderful day!
Mother decided otherwise.
The bank wants its money back.
This hat will suit her.
Here I am.
Elbrus is Europe's highest mountain.
"Are you Swedish?" "No, Swiss."
I know that you are rich.
Man can live without friends.
Oh, could you please answer the phone for me?
Oh, could you please get the phone for me?
The guy with the gloves has more style.
When I was a child, I spent most of my time indoors reading.
How about going out to eat tonight?
As far as I'm concerned, this coffee is too strong.
We're coming back to Europe in June!
If you hurry you can still make the train.
Our political system was shaped by feudal traditions.
When I was a kid, I loved the film Jurassic Park.
Why didn't you inform me?
Why didn't you let me know?
Is this good English?
You're too young to love.
Can man live without having a social life?
I think your theory is incorrect.
I have a twin sister.
What's the best sleeping position?
Tom is optimistic.
Mary died in childbirth.
Mary died during childbirth.
She liked it.
Tom's bruises are gone.
Now you're going too far.
Mary's bruises are barely visible.
Mary divorced her husband and married Tom.
Tom is unfaithful.
The book is out of print.
It's made of leather.
Mary was dressed in leather.
Things can only get worse.
Tom bought a leather jacket.
You've just been told.
Tom is a vampire.
Vampires must drink blood to survive.
Right now I can't think of anything else.
I think it could happen.
I think it might happen.
Will you stand up like a man, at home and take your stand for democracy?
I'm tracking a buck.
Children drink more water, eat more food and breathe more air per kilogram of body weight than adults.
I met a friend at the airport.
They played so badly it doesn't even deserve a comment.
Please find attached the VAT invoice for your recent purchase.
Attached you will find the VAT invoice for your recent purchase.
Do you need our help?
Recently we have had several disasters.
Did you catch what he said?
I finished my math assignment.
You're a nobody.
You're a fuck-up.
Knowing a language fully means knowing fully the people who speak that language.
What's more useful, the sun or the moon? The moon, of course, it shines when it's dark, but the sun only shines when there's light.
A tale without love is like boudin without mustard.
I tried to cheer her up, but all she wanted was to be alone.
Thanks a lot. I don't know what we would do without you.
It is not only the quantity of atoms, but the quantity of worlds that is infinite in the universe.
I've heard everything.
I can't do anything else. I'm sorry.
You can't find a pet like that anywhere.
He who is not satisfied with a little, is satisfied with nothing.
He thought he could escape scott free with his erroneous sentence.
True philosophy is seeing things as they are.
The horse is the noblest conquest ever made by man.
Freedom. On my school notebooks. On my school desk and the trees. On the sand of the snow. I write your name.
Don't be afraid to make enemies; if you don't have any, it's that you have done nothing.
Losing is better than to be a victor on the side of the scoundrels.
He thought he could get away with his erroneous sentence.
It is well that war is so terrible — lest we should grow too fond of it.
Turn the lights out now.
Now I'll take you by the hand.
Can you spend a little time helping us clean up the park?
The sun goes down, the stars come out.
A chain is only as strong as its weakest link.
The train tickets can be ordered online in a few days.
She is a particularily interesting person.
Tim writes with his left hand.
Tim writes left-handed.
The building has floors.
Native Chinese people are working alongside foreigners to change the culture of Shanghai.
These days it snows quite a lot.
To be honest, I've never heard of this place before.
Tom is addicted to the Internet.
Mary is a klutz.
Tom will not show it to anyone else.
Tom fucked up again.
Mary is just a simple peasant girl.
Security will be tightened.
Tom was mauled by a vicious animal.
What about us?
Tom is wearing a batik shirt.
Tom is wearing a wolf t-shirt.
It glows in the dark.
Tom is an alpha male.
Tom is a hillbilly.
God sent a sign.
Tom and Mary ate Chicken Kiev.
It was just hype.
Tom and Mary are moving back home.
Tom is available.
There's no minimum wage here.
They killed Tom as an example to the other prisoners.
Tom is a fast learner.
Tom is bored out of his mind.
It was not conclusive.
Only people have been in space.
Twelve people have walked on the moon.
I study English and Japanese.
Japanese is harder than English.
Don't underestimate your opponents.
Ho Chi Minh City is the largest city in Vietnam.
I can't speak Vietnamese.
I only speak a little Vietnamese.
Could you teach me some Vietnamese phrases, please?
A in Vietnamese is B.
Could you please speak slower?
I didn't hear you clearly. Would you please say it again?
Have you got an English-Vietnamese dictionary?
My God! I left the wallet in my room!
Don't you ever cheat on me, you foxy!
Do I look like a terrorist?
You're messing with the wrong guy, babe.
Shut the hell up!
Stand still! Put your hands up!
Hello guys, I'm Tom and I'm here with Mary.
What did you just say?
It started as a hobby.
Mary is an oncologist.
Mary is wearing provocative clothing.
Mary is wearing some sexy clothes.
I think that Mary is trying to seduce Tom.
Mary is not wearing a bra.
Is the chicken local?
Things have been pretty tough lately.
Things have been pretty rough lately for Tom.
It's a travesty.
Tom is a tough guy.
It's really embarrassing.
Mary wears a sports bra for exercise.
Mary went to her spinning class.
Tom is young and beautiful.
Mary is young and beautiful.
Tom decided to go barefoot.
I'm by your side.
My opinion is the one that counts!
The Lord is my shepherd, I shall not want.
I will eat chocolate.
The farmer scattered the wheat seeds in the field.
She spends many hours at the gym to lose weight.
Many people think that children spend too much time watching television.
Many people think that children spend all their time watching television.
Because I do not have children, I can spend more time volunteering than parents can.
Quit staring at me.
Tom was arrested for driving while drunk.
Do you have an account on Twitter?
Do you think I'm getting fat?
Do you think that I'm handsome?
Don't worry. Didn't I say that everything would go well?
Everyone inside the building felt the earthquake.
Did you eat breakfast?
Have you finished dinner?
What kinds of plants are you growing in your garden?
I don't think that he's honest.
I don't think that he is sincere.
When I was in high school, I woke up at every morning.
My friend went to Canada.
Sit down. You are not allowed to stand up.
He read a book all morning.
Did you think that I was joking?
They have only enough funds to build the factory.
She told her superior what she thought.
I found a diary my father kept for thirty years.
The puppets are controlled by wires.
The flu is going around now.
Have you finished reading the book of Jobs?
For example, what would you do if you had ten thousand dollars?
My watch is not working normally.
These books can be borrowed from the library for one week.
What are the men doing?
Brian left heading for New York.
This is a very important point.
If I lose your love, I lose everything.
I kept the ball rolling by talking.
I will lend you all the money I have now.
I don't like any of these paintings.
I'll thank you to leave now.
I'll lend you all the money I have on me now.
Cash or credit card?
She's not the lying type.
The treatment prolonged the agony.
Our plans are progressing smoothly.
What a strange guy!
Last year we had a hummingbird nest in our backyard.
Have you already had lunch?
We climbed to the top.
You'd better tell Tom you're sorry.
You two are brothers, right?
You still owe me twenty bucks.
You should be more careful how you talk to people.
You need to get some help.
Would you stop that, please?
Would you stop doing that, please?
Why would anybody kidnap Tom?
What's Tom wearing?
What's Tom reading?
What's Tom listening to?
What's Tom doing?
What you're looking for is in a box in the basement.
We have to consider the possibility that Tom was involved in the robbery.
Try to stay calm.
Tom's dog was barking at Mary.
Tom was shot when he surprised the burglars.
Tom was shot twice in the chest.
Tom was shot three times.
Tom was like a father to Mary.
Tom was interviewed on TV last night.
Tom was impressed by how well Mary could play the flute.
Tom was executed for a crime he didn't commit.
Tom was afraid that someone would find out about his past.
Tom wants us back at the office.
Tom told me that Mary was good at playing the piano, but I didn't really believe him until I heard her play.
Tom thought Mary was wasting her time.
Tom still owes Mary 2,dollars.
Tom stayed in bed all day watching TV.
Tom starved to death.
Tom sold his motorcycle to Mary.
Tom says he has something to show us.
Tom resented the fact that Mary got the promotion instead of him.
Tom owed Mary a lot of money.
Tom isn't here. He's already left.
Tom has been shot.
Tom had nothing to do with the robbery.
Tom had no idea why Mary wanted to see him.
Tom had no idea who Mary's father was.
Tom had no idea where Mary went.
Tom had no idea where Mary had graduated from high school.
Tom had no idea how rich Mary was.
Tom felt lucky.
Tom didn't have enough money to pay the bill.
Tom didn't even care that I was late.
Tom and Mary split up after their son died.
Tom always pays his rent on time.
They chose Tom as their leader.
Talk to Tom and see what he thinks about this.
Shut up and listen.
Maybe I can help.
Let's not just sit around. Let's go out and do something.
Let's go see Tom.
It won't happen again. It was an accident.
If you need my advice, I'd be glad to give it to you.
If you don't want your old bicycle, you can always give it away.
I've got a lot of work to do.
I'm very proud of you.
I'm sure everything will be OK now.
I'm still a little hungry.
I'm still a little dizzy.
I'm sorry. I never meant to hurt you.
I'm not bluffing.
I'm feeling kind of sleepy.
I'm feeling kind of dizzy.
I would never hurt Tom.
I went to see Tom, but he wasn't there.
I want to know who broke this window.
I told you to leave me alone.
I thought you were happy.
I think it's time we had a little talk.
I need your signature here.
I need to talk with Tom.
I need to talk to you.
I looked all over for Tom, but couldn't find him.
I just bought a new pair of shoes.
I have some wonderful news for you.
I have a couple of questions I need to ask.
I didn't realize that Tom had never gone to high school.
I apologize for my rudeness.
Give me the gun.
Don't forget your umbrella.
Don't forget your jacket.
Don't forget to call Tom.
Does anybody remember why we decided to do this?
Do you work here?
Did you invite Tom to dinner?
Did you invite Tom to dinner without telling me?
Did you go and see Tom last night?
Can you stand up?
As soon as I get paid, I'll pay you back.
Are you sure you don't know Tom?
Are you feeling any better?
Zhuangzi went to the kingdom of Chu.
The Red Cross is a not-for-profit organization.
The emergency phone number for all Europe is 112.
It's a very difficult tongue-twister.
Are you joking or are you serious?
Waiter, I need a knife.
I don't want to lie any more.
"USSR" stands for "Union of Soviet Socialist Republics".
Masha prefers coffee without caffeine.
We discussed our plans for the summer holidays.
It's ok now?
In the morning, the air is cool.
"Noo!" cried Tom.
There are some things I want to talk about.
Tom got drunk with his son.
Tom misses his daughter.
Tom gave me some scotch.
Tom drank in silence.
Tom called it a day.
I don't believe any of it.
It scares the shit out of me.
Tom died two years ago in a plane crash.
Tom barely studied for the exam.
Tom waved goodbye to Mary.
What's wrong sweetie?
Tom was at a loss for words.
How the hell can this be happening?
They should have known better.
How old is your daughter?
One of these days I will.
I didn't know you were back.
Tom is not home right now.
Tom never saw him again.
Tom never saw her again.
Tom is looking forward to it.
Mary is looking forward to it.
This movie is a reboot of the franchise.
Tom doesn't have a political agenda.
Tom has a political agenda.
It's a fundamental human desire.
That is old news.
This is old news.
Tom is using an external hard drive.
Tom is using an external hard disk.
Tom's computer is broken.
Tom weirds me out sometimes.
When does school let out for Christmas?
Oh My God! I left the wallet in my room!
What caused the explosion?
Someone smashed the windshield of my new car.
She stared at me for a while.
There is nothing left to buy at that store.
It would be better to stay home today.
He is very knowledgeable about French literature.
I would like to know whether or not my luggage was reshipped to Tokyo.
Many great men came from this town.
This door would not open no matter what I did.
Kyoto is Japan's former capital.
Do you support or oppose abortion?
That time was really fun.
I found this book in a secondhand bookstore.
The economy progressed slowly.
People do not live to eat but eat to live.
The servants worked like ants.
She is pretty bad at tennis.
Mary swims just about as fast as Jack.
The atomic number for iron is 26.
My anti-virus let a virus through.
Do you celebrate the Earth Day?
My name is Ivan.
I practice sports.
Alice is my mother.
I aced the exam!
They came out well.
We visited St. Petersburg and Moscow.
I hate precooked food.
If I want something, I get it.
I'll come work for you.
They are frantically backpedaling.
My brother gets up every morning at 7.
Camels are the ships of the deserts.
How often do you change your razor blade?
It is written in his face.
There is only one store on the whole island.
MIis a British secret service.
We have to take the stairs, because the elevator is being repaired.
We have to use the stairs, because the elevator is being repaired.
The dream continues.
The dream goes on.
Water and mineral salts are inorganic substances.
What a pessimism!
You are a good person.
Tom never showed up.
We have a moral responsibility to act.
Some indigenous tribes in Brazil are threatened by loggers.
Even though he has a college degree, Tom works as a janitor.
Tom read The Grapes of Wrath in high school.
Tom read The Red Pony in middle school.
This movie was directed by John Ford.
She is only years old but has already managed several companies.
Tom worked hard all summer.
For a language to be universal, it is not enough to call it that.
Tom got that right.
This doesn't serve any purpose.
Tom has two girlfriends.
Tom is bleeding.
The fuel gauge is broken.
Tom slipped on ice.
Mary watched in fascination.
Tom and Mary kissed passionately.
Everybody's happy.
Been there, done that.
She is up the duff.
This drives me nuts.
I knew that I was being watched.
Tom is an errand boy.
How convenient!
Squirrels eat hazelnuts.
Tom took the easy way out.
That would be a waste of their talents.
That would be a waste of his talent.
Tom died of hunger.
That would be a waste of her talent.
Mary has fake tits.
Mary has fake boobs.
We can't see anything.
Snitches get stitches.
They are frenetically backpedaling.
I prepared a weak sugar solution.
You don't have to tell me if you don't want to.
The people of this village live in harmony with nature.
Please study here.
I believe the post you offer will give me the opportunity to improve my knowledge of the English language and my translating skills.
I wish to write you about a possible application for the post of Italian-English translator.
I'm terrible at languages.
It's an older version but it shouldn't matter.
We gotta have all the data in there.
I don't know whether I will have time to do it.
I don't know if I will have time to do it.
You were fabulous Saturday night!
I had to stay in bed for two days.
Where is the phrase in this book?
I don't speak Lojban.
Just a minute. I'll see if I can find it in this book.
Could you talk more slowly, please?
I am thirsty.
It's a matter of pride.
It's a matter of national pride.
You can't drink the water here.
Schnapps is made from fruit must.
The slogan for the day against extremism was, "multicolored instead of brown".
The slogan for the day dedicated to counter extremism was, "rainbow colours instead of brown."
We're not in the 80s anymore.
This is fucking awesome.
The cat got locked in the closet. Can you let it out?
Is dry food good for cats?
Wealth begets power.
I'd like to be an employee in a company.
I'd like to be self-employed.
I'd like to be a freelance.
I work as a teacher.
I work like a slave!
That book, which I read last week, is great.
Timing is always important.
What happened or is happening?
What are or will be the consequences?
An egg should cook for at least minutes
"I certainly hope so." replied Tom.
Tom and Mary live beyond their means.
Tom is a total nutcase.
Tom is a nutbar.
You have to be careful when you're in the jungle.
Tom lives in the Bible belt.
Tom practices black magic.
How it ended up here is impossible to know for sure.
Its massive gravity well tugs many asteroids from the outer belt inwards.
How many times have you done this puzzle already?
This planet's orbit is congested with hundreds of captured moons.
This moon was ripped apart by tidal forces.
They are taller than she.
I feel like shit.
These lodes may prove rich enough to be profitably mined.
It looks painful.
Age before beauty!
Tom doesn't have the money to buy a car.
I don't have the money to buy a car.
Keep quiet. The baby is sleeping.
Hang on a while!
Never hurt someone's feelings.
No one is listening to me.
The police chief resigned.
It reminds me of the good old days.
It's old and clunky.
It's a two-edged sword.
It's a double-edged sword.
I love the aroma of freshly brewed coffee.
My best friend died of asphyxiation.
No time-wasters.
Put the headphone on.
Fate is not on our side.
This is the last warning.
This backpack is blue-ish.
This is what we were talking about yesterday.
I've already watched this film on the telly.
Maybe tonight we won't see each other but, in any case, one of us will ring the other, is that ok?
No matter how things go, let's stay together.
Surely, in the present-day society, we might as well consider it natural that consumption plays an important role in the life of man and is closely related to his well-being and happiness.
You can't speak English with words.
We learned at school that the Portuguese Pedro Álvares Cabral discovered Brazil.
Mom baked a cake for my birthday.
You have been spotted.
Tom went through a lot of trouble to draw Mary here.
A pity it ended like this.
Time to get the hell out of here.
Tom's brain was deprived of oxygen for too long.
It's what Tom would want.
There's nothing any of us can do for Tom now except let him die with dignity.
I'm more worried about Mary now.
Mary is showing signs of severe depression.
I gave Mary some meds that should help.
Tom is showing no signs of brain activity.
It'll probably be easier for everyone if we don't tell Mary until after we shut the life support down.
They say Tom is gone.
They say Tom's brain isn't functioning anymore.
Tom is the only thing in the world that matters to Mary.
I don't know how to help Tom and it's tearing me up inside!
I won't give up on Tom!
That accounts for all of Tom's team.
Not for the faint-hearted!
He cannot play guitar.
I’ll have a think about where to meet and we can confirm nearer the time.
The snow fell quickly.
The snow was falling quickly.
If there are mistakes, correct them.
I don't give a shit what "indifference" means.
Get an egg from the fridge.
Get an egg from the refrigerator.
How do I get to NHK?
Welsh is a beautiful language.
He won't like this.
She won't like this.
I have won the game.
I am old.
I'm quite tired.
It was quite fantastic.
We continued chatting.
We carried on talking.
I haven't been hearing good things about him.
When a team makes its entrance, the captain leads the way.
Can I try on this pair of shoes?
Apologize to the teacher whenever you're late.
Ask as many times as necessary.
It's time to show your cards.
I don't want to study German.
The only access to the farmhouse is across the fields.
My younger brother went to school.
This is a name.
Students must have access to a good library.
The village is easy of access.
Only high officials had access to the President.
I came earlier than him.
She teaches English to advanced students.
I came earlier than her.
Christ taught forgiveness.
So you lost all your money? That'll teach you to gamble.
She teaches at our local school.
He has a complex about his weight.
The work goes around the clock.
I will shoot her.
The children were rushing about.
The boys were climbing about on the rocks.
Books are lying about on the floor.
His words are meaningless.
He'll soon be about again.
Is it ok if I help you?
There's a lot of flu about.
People are sitting about on the grass.
He is somewhere about.
What is he angry about?
The rampant sickness spread to many countries.
She raised her hand to ask a question.
I want to write some spoken words.
I want to take dictation.
Today is the second of January.
Monday is a difficult day.
I'm staying home.
I stay home.
You just killed me.
You kill me!
Every day has a continuation.
Tom is a nutter.
Let's continue where we left off yesterday.
But what bad have I done to deserve all this?
Mary is in her late twenties.
That's all I wanted to know.
It was a mistake.
A girl can dream, right?
A boy can dream, right?
Today he turned forty.
Tom is playing the violin.
Please divide the pizza into three parts.
Please cut the pizza into three parts.
Please cut the pizza into three slices.
He can speak Russian too.
If he had had time, he would have visited us.
If he'd had time, he would have visited us.
I'm having the same problems.
Mary is reading Ann of Green Gables.
It's the size of a small car.
Tom needs clothes.
This is the culmination of years of work.
It's just not fair.
Tom hugged Mary tightly.
Tom is a faith healer.
Tom deserved the punishment.
Mary did not cry.
Tom did not cry.
You are young. I, on the other hand, am very old.
The streets were empty.
"I'll sleep when I'm dead," said Tom.
She always tries to help others.
I'm very tired today.
Today, I am very tired.
Can you name the days of the week?
We're not getting any younger.
It is not the correct solution.
We have to do something.
Tom is playing with his toys.
It hurts so much.
We wish you a pleasant journey.
We wish you a pleasant flight.
It should be fun.
Tom is not in his bedroom.
Tom was not seriously injured.
Where's mommy?
Tom was caught joyriding in a stolen vehicle.
It looks great so far.
It is to be expected.
Achille was born in in Paris.
You're Tomasz's friend, aren't you?
We live on planet Earth.
She has a bicycle.
She has a bike.
Tom cannot drive.
Tom cannot drive a car.
We will have guests tomorrow.
Dr. Smith gave me some meds to calm down, but I didn't take them.
Shouldn't you be at school today?
Tom and Mary have very eventful lives.
The future of man is woman.
The floorboards in the abandoned house creaked when we stepped on them.
The poltergeist was throwing objects around the room.
The goblins grinned gruesomely.
She is a Wiccan.
Vesak is a Buddhist holiday which celebrates the birth, enlightenment and death of the Buddha.
The highest degree of happiness is the absence of all pain.
It is sweeter to give than to receive.
A cat is an unfaithful servant which we only keep by necessity.
Style is the man himself.
Nature's greatest worker is time.
Fearing is dying a thousand times, it's worse than death.
We can run away from everything, except from our conscience.
Never mind the bottle, as long as we get drunk.
It's time to fess up.
Modern dances? It's not dancing anymore, it's decadence.
Venice is a city for passions: it's a city for honeymoons or for breakups.
It's time to come clean.
It is better to act than to talk.
He has a weight complex.
O time, suspend your flight!
O time, suspend your flight! and you, happy hours, suspend your race: let us savor the fleeting delights of our fairest days!
You must gather your party before venturing forth.
Thanks to my classmates, who helped me during hard times!
Let us never speak of it again.
Let us never speak of this again.
I have attached a PDF file of my curriculum vitae.
Tom and Mary live in a bungalow.
That man is Pedro.
The slogan for the anti-extremism day was "colourful not brown".
Would you like to tell the next story?
I mistook her for Ann's sister.
I'm waiting for my girlfriend.
I'm waiting for my boyfriend.
Tomorrow he'll at least be able to drink something.
That woman always cheated on her husband.
He was cheated (out) of his rightful inheritance.
Our new serial thriller begins at 7.this evening.
This is unknown country to me.
Her eyes held a look of silent appeal.
The new fashion soon lost its appeal.
Does jazz hold any appeal for you?
I'm appealing on behalf of the famine victims.
The police appealed to the crowd not to panic.
I've decided not to appeal.
The idea of camping has never appealed to me.
Tom worked through the night.
Black is against white.
That's fucking cool.
We're not going to make it.
We're not gonna make it.
This book seems easy to us.
I have the minutes of the meeting.
I thought you had lost your watch.
I retire in four years time.
Four years from now, you'll have no competition.
I'll be with you in ten minutes.
Thomas is a man of action.
He's the captain of a team.
She knows she does not have any other choices.
She has gonorrhea.
I would like to know how much money there is in my account.
Son, marry whenever you want - daughter, marry when you can.
Some wounds time never heals.
They share a common element.
This brush is made from camel hair.
Why didn't it work?
It was a tremendous headache.
Mary is a naïve young actress.
Mary is a budding actress.
Tom pulled himself up by his bootstraps.
I'm a little confused.
I had high hopes for Tom.
Tom has a 9-office job.
Tom works in a cubicle.
Mary wants to lead a life worth living.
This is what you're supposed to do.
Mary got mad at me.
Tom is not pulling any punches.
Tom is a grown man.
It is an option.
The whole group was punished for Tom's mistake.
Tom wants attention.
Tom wants to feel important.
We must create a safe environment for our children.
Snails move slowly.
We can't let this continue.
Tom is just trolling.
Tom is a troll.
First of all, let me speak about myself.
This text is not a translated text.
I will try to write in Kazakh myself.
Of course, there will probably be many mistakes.
I have my goals, plans, and reasons for learning Kazakh language.
I have no statistics.
Marriage is a unity made from love.
Was Mother Teresa a good woman?
Is Mother Teresa a good person?
I don't know who a role model for me would be.
Usually newspapers and magazines have many opinions.
In the Soviet Union, there were maybe only official or political ideas.
For example, the idea of marriage is a religious idea, a thing that comes from God.
However, your wedding, it is yours and made from your own choices.
So, after the death of the prophet, we are again alone.
First of all let me speak about the meaning of these words.
In my opinion, in Kazakh there are many words that come from other languages, but there's nothing wrong with that.
Music is a God given gift.
I make panna cotta without using gelatin.
A wooden-legged, glass-eyed mother is coming.
A mother with a wooden leg and glass eye is coming.
That night, Asem broke five dishes.
First Asem, then Saule started to cry.
Saule, give me the drum.
Saule, give the drum.
One gypsy family with their caravan was encamped.
Every day the girls used to walk to the village to look for work, after which they would give the money they found to their mother.
They lived in a village close to a forest.
Hello, old friend!
This is beautiful.
That is my dog.
He is Japanese.
We never know why we die.
You only live twice.
Those cunning bastards!
Tom vowed he'd never do it.
No one gives a shit.
Americans are friendly and approachable.
What is Tom doing here?
Tom is mentally disturbed.
Everyone's a winner.
Tom has never been to England.
Tom had a good time.
Mary had a good time.
Tom closed the curtains.
Mary was cruel to Tom.
It just makes no sense.
Tom is an adult now.
I'm eating rice now.
This is a waterproof watch.
This is a waterproof clock.
The dogs barked all night.
I will miss you.
He said that Tokyo is a safe city.
A hungry child doesn't play with a full child.
A hungry child isn't going to play with a full child.
You just don't know how it feels.
Tom just got dumped.
It's part of life.
Life isn't easy.
Tom seems to think that he's invincible.
Tom thinks he's invincible.
Tom thinks that nothing bad can happen to him.
Tom's father is an alcoholic.
Tom was adopted.
Anyone can make a mistake.
A kiss without a mustache is like an egg without salt.
I'm such a bad singer that when I sing a scale I can't even reach sol!
Reading a book can be compared to a journey.
I'm actually relatively good at written language, but with spoken language I often can't remember the tone on some word.
January is the first month of the year, April is the fourth, November is the eleventh, and December is the twelfth.
I'll go, even if it rains tomorrow.
How much have your lives changed?
It is nice of you mentioning that.
We all have our time machines. Some take us back, they're called memories. Some take us forward, they are called dreams.
The system will be adjusted to what it is that you are allowed to see.
Mary runs a food bank in London.
Tom runs a food bank in Boston.
Here is your reward.
Mary has visited Hungary.
Our school is in this village.
I've never played crazy golf.
I don't want to take too much advantage.
During the Soviet Union, there were two big newspapers - "Pravda" and "Izvestiia."
The "Bolashak" program is very useful.
If the government wants to write news, it is not news.
Kazakhstan is one of the developed countries in Central Asia.
Because the president is a human being, making mistakes is possible.
The journalists in Russia are not free, are not independent.
In Soviet times, each government made propaganda.
America is not the most democratic nation.
It's not quite ready yet.
This is really weird.
When we tell such lies, I think we are informing others about our own selves.
This English essay is far from perfect.
What's new with you?
Do you have any news?
Are the students sitting in the auditorium?
Do the students sit in the auditorium?
Will you eat dinner?
Water is an important natural resource.
I don't eat meat.
Where is the nearest store?
What languages do you know?
No, I am not married.
I am single.
In his free time, he likes to be on the Internet.
In her free time, she likes to be on the Internet.
The cheetah is the fastest animal.
A car is faster than a bicycle.
I'm better.
She is too weak.
Suppose she comes back. What would you say to her?
Don't forget to call me up tomorrow.
Music is a gift from God.
To be good, pâte brisée should be light and flaky.
Teenagers often argue with their parents.
Reason is the only thing that makes us human.
What makes us human?
I use the internet in the bathroom.
Give him time. He'll come around to the idea.
My ass!
She can do both at the same time.
He can do both at the same time.
Tom is both able and willing.
Mary is both able and willing.
Want fries with that?
Tom often takes long showers.
Previously, Mr Johnson also proposed banning the consumption of alcohol on public transport in the capital, which is believed to have reduced the crime rate on trains and buses.
In order to deal with repeat offenders, Mr Johnson is also establishing a "two strikes and you're out" policy - serious breaches of the rules will result in permanent removal of free travel rights.
Youths who are caught violating the new rules on behaviour will lose their right to free travel, and will have to complete unpaid community work to earn it back.
Let's make love!
Make love, not war!
That sounds like our tugboat horn.
She's at loggerheads with her mother.
Tom believes that unicorns are real.
Tom was kicked out of his house by his parents when he confessed to being an atheist.
Mary confessed to being a witch.
Tom's heart is in the right place.
It sickens me.
What's happened has happened; there's no use in whining and complaining.
Where's the "any" key?
Do not turn off your computer.
Tom uses Windows 7.
You scratch my back, I'll scratch yours.
Not everything is black and white.
Don't sweat it.
Tom is a closet case.
Tom found out his dad wasn't his real dad.
Mary knows that Tom isn't her real father.
Tom came home crying after school.
Mary was burned at the stake.
Tom likes football and music.
Tom's computer is not responding.
And why would I do that?
"Are you going to the party?" "No, what I'd really like to do is stay home."
Tom found a hoard.
We've already covered this subject.
We've already seen this material.
Tom is the real deal.
I know no one in this city.
The United States of America has several divisions. It is first separated into the fifty states. Each state is then broken up into counties or parishes. Each county or parish is divided into towns or townships. These towns or townships contain the villages and cities.
It's a very simple process.
To what do I owe this unexpected pleasure?
Tom is awesome.
I think you are mistaken.
A lot of people say Tom is the best player on our team.
All the teachers and students we talked to said that Tom is easy to get along with.
As far as we can tell, Tom wasn't involved in the robbery.
If both Tom and Mary go to prison, who'll take care of their children?
Do you know anything about Tom's childhood?
Do you know anything about Tom's family?
Do you know anything about Tom's parents?
Yesterday, today was still tomorrow, but tomorrow, today will already be yesterday.
Today was still tomorrow yesterday, but today will be yesterday tomorrow.
I have many Vietnamese learning books.
I have many Vietnamese learning books and audio files for Vietnamese pronunciation.
If you need Vietnamese learning books, please contact me.
If you need Vietnamese self-learning books, please contact me.
You can teach yourself Vietnamese.
Vietnamese is very easy to learn.
The Vietnamese are very hospitable.
Intelligence can decrease stupidity.
Tom and Mary discovered something amazing.
Tom believes in strange things.
I only told Tom what Mary told me.
Tom believes that these quartz crystals have healing powers.
Tom bought a so-called "magical stone".
Tom has OCD.
I've got to go back and check.
Did I lock the door?
It needs to be perfectly symmetrical.
When will he come?
Tom is very good at it.
Our resident squirrel eats all our camellias.
Tom works by the sweat of his brow.
Hercules had strong muscles.
Why are you being so defensive?
If I had to choose, I'd say Bayern Munich.
When I was 17, I injured myself playing football. I collided with someone and as a result of this I broke some of my teeth.
Who is this tough guy?
Financiers make good business only when the state is making it badly.
You only believe in people who believe in themselves.
Never speak ill of yourself; your friends will always speak enough.
Is English a difficult language to learn?
I don't know whether or not I should bring an umbrella with me to university with me today. The weather forecast has been misleading for the past few days.
Yes, I can speak a bit of it.
I choose not to drink alcohol. I am teetotal.
Some people can't seem to understand that I don't need alcohol to have a good time.
What have we become as a society when we need alcohol to enjoy ourselves? It has become a pretext for outlandish behaviour and plain old debauchery.
Wait your turn.
Please do not power off or unplug your machine.
Tom stuck a fork into the electrical socket.
Your purse is open.
For the record, Tom didn't have anything to do with this.
How did Tom get past the guards?
I bet you a dollar Tom doesn't show up.
I never knew that Tom and Mary were having marital problems.
She is about to kill me.
I'm very sorry, but I can't.
Japanese people exchange gifts in order to express their feelings.
Stop complaining and obey!
Sometimes I can't hold my emotions.
She plays piano and guitar.
Show me the photo.
You don't need alcohol to be happy.
The first will be last.
The first will be the last.
The lessons of the second chapter are easier than those of the first.
I live in Viana, Espírito Santo.
Viana is a Brazilian municipality with an estimate population of 65000.
It's the day of the Lord.
Where can I wash my hands?
I learned a lot this week.
He doesn't know the Kazakh language.
She doesn't know the Kazakh language.
Oh no, not again!
I saw Tom having an argument with Mary.
Tom died while he was in Boston.
I understood almost everything.
I was supposed to tell Tom where to go.
You cannot heal a broken heart.
It can happen to anyone.
Tom was sure he would find another job.
You might be surprised.
That's all going to change.
Due to limited visibility navigation may be difficult.
Toxic gas is being vented into the bunkers.
You're under arrest for the murder of Tom Jackson.
You're lucky.
You're just the person I've been looking for.
You must be right.
You guys should be more careful.
You guys don't think they'd beat Tom up, do you?
You don't have to stay.
You can't make someone like you.
You can go.
You can come along if you want.
Write your name.
Write it down.
Would you mind taking a polygraph test?
With friends like that, who needs enemies?
Why would someone kill Tom?
Why is it always my responsibility to pay the bills?
Why don't you just quit your job?
Why didn't Tom call for help?
Why did you kill Tom?
Why did you do it?
Why are you smiling?
Who would do something like this?
Who owns this truck?
Where did you put the ketchup?
When was the last time you were angry?
When did they go?
What're you going to do about it?
What will they do?
What were you doing this morning?
What was I supposed to do?
What room in your house do you spend the most time in?
What motivates you?
What is your greatest weakness?
What is your greatest strength?
What is Tom's girlfriend's name?
What does this smell like?
What do you weigh?
What did Tom's house look like?
What did they say?
What are your pet peeves?
What are you passionate about?
What are you doing for New Year's Eve?
What are these?
We're investigating the murder of Tom Jackson.
We were supposed to meet at the restaurant, but Tom never showed up.
We were friends.
We were expecting Tom to be at the party, but he didn't show up.
We want to go.
We met at summer camp.
We have important work to do.
We found it here.
We don't even know where Tom grew up.
We contacted Tom's family.
Turn the page.
Try your best.
Tom worked with Mary at a supermarket.
Tom won't be able to babysit for us tonight.
Tom was thrown out of the bar.
Tom was kicked off the team.
Tom was drunk and he said some things he shouldn't have.
Tom was counting on Mary to help him get ready for the party.
Tom wanted to talk with Mary.
Tom took the job that Mary offered him.
Tom took Mary to the homecoming dance.
Tom threatened to burn Mary's house down.
Tom thought that Mary was having money problems.
Tom still hasn't found what he was looking for.
Tom started to cry.
Tom seems like a decent kid.
Tom scored three touchdowns in last night's game.
Tom said that he needed to go to bed.
Tom said that he needed to get some sleep.
Tom said that he might never come back.
Tom must have had a reason for being late.
Tom likes Mary and Mary likes Tom.
Tom left something on the table for you.
Tom is not as smart as he likes to think he is.
Tom is depressed because his girlfriend left him.
Tom is a little older than the rest of the students in his class.
Tom has been missing for three years.
Tom had money, a lot of it.
Tom got here before I did.
Tom doesn't deserve another chance.
Tom claimed he had nothing to do with Mary's murder.
Tom caught Mary sneaking out of the house.
Tom called me.
Tom called me and said that he needed me to do him a favor.
Tom asked Mary to give him some money.
Tom asked Mary out.
Tom asked for my help.
Tom asked for help.
Tom and Mary spend a lot of time together.
Tom and Mary got divorced, just like you predicted.
Tom and Mary got back together.
This milk smells funny.
This is Tom's address book.
There's a light switch right inside the door.
The door was hard to open.
That was unexpected.
That sounds fair.
Thank you so much for coming by.
Thank you for the great meal.
Tell the truth.
Tell me your name.
Talk to Tom.
Step back.
Stay a while.
Something's going to happen. I can feel it.
Somebody must have seen something.
Sit down.
Show us around.
Should we wait for Tom?
Should we call Tom?
Put it there.
Point it out.
Play it again.
Now is the time.
None of what Tom said was true.
None of the boys paid any attention to Mary.
Move over.
Meet me at the hotel bar.
Maybe we'll get lucky and catch the thief.
May I speak to you in private?
May I go first?
Let's see if I can convince Tom to do the job.
Let's go talk to Tom.
Let's go back to the office.
Let's go and talk to Tom.
Let me carry it.
Keep up the good work.
It's time for us to start thinking about how we can improve the situation.
It's still here.
It's my life.
It's hard to believe that Tom wasn't aware that Mary was in love with him.
It turned out well.
It appears that I was wrong about that.
Is there something you want to tell me?
Is there any chance that Tom might have gone to Mary's house last night?
Is it possible that you're wrong?
If you leave now, you'll be in Boston by tomorrow evening.
If you didn't put this here, then who did?
I've locked my keys in my car.
I'm very disappointed in you.
I'm trying to find the person who owns this guitar.
I'm sure that your parents are very proud of you.
I'm not your coach anymore.
I'm not sure what's wrong.
I'm just trying to figure out why someone would do such a thing.
I'm getting tired of your complaints.
I'll catch you later.
I'd like you to leave now.
I work too much.
I wonder why Tom didn't call me.
I wish I had known the truth.
I will do what I need to do.
I went to Tom's house the night before he died.
I was living in Boston a few years ago.
I want to talk with my lawyer.
I told Tom how much I valued Mary's opinion.
I thought it would be a good concert, but it wasn't.
I think Tom might be telling the truth.
I think Tom is going to be pretty mad when he finds out that the painting he bought is a fake.
I think that Tom lives somewhere around here.
I should've known better.
I should go with you.
I remember Tom asking for my help.
I need some time to think.
I love this song.
I like being part of this group.
I like being on the team.
I know what you did.
I know what I want to do.
I know what happened to Tom.
I know now what I have to do.
I knew this was going to happen.
I just need to know what happened.
I just don't fit in anymore.
I just can't figure it out.
I have something to show you.
I have some other appointments.
I have errands to run.
I had no choice.
I guess Tom was right.
I feel terrible.
I don't want to see you again.
I don't want to quit this job.
I don't want to miss my train.
I don't want to go there again.
I don't recognize any of the people in the picture.
I don't know what's going on around here, but I intend to find out.
I don't have time for this.
I cut myself.
I can't make it to your party next weekend.
I can't figure out why nobody comes here anymore.
I can't blame you. It was my fault.
I bought you a present.
How would you describe yourself?
How many hours do you normally work?
How long has Tom been working here?
How long did Tom work here?
How long are you going to keep giving me the silent treatment?
How long are they?
How have you been getting along lately?
How do you handle stress?
How did you two meet?
How did you know we were here?
How did you get into my house?
Help me out.
Have you ever taken a lie detector test?
Have a seat.
Hand it over.
Guess what I'm holding in my hand.
Go find Tom.
Give them to me.
Get to the point.
Get some rest.
Get on the bus.
Form two lines.
Everybody hates Tom.
Don't try to blame this all on me.
Don't let me catch you doing anything like this again.
Don't do that. It's not your job.
Does everybody understand?
Do you think Tom will forgive me?
Do you take work home with you?
Do you own a gun?
Do you have a hunting license?
Do you have a fishing license?
Do you happen to have any photographs of Tom?
Dinner smells delicious.
Did you like it?
Did you get fired from your last job?
Did you find out what time the meeting starts?
Did you find anything?
Come with me now.
Come and get it.
Can you see?
Can I make you a drink?
Call me.
Back off.
Are you doing anything special for New Year's Eve?
Are you certain about this?
Are we done?
Are there any questions?
All the desk drawers were empty.
A lot of people think that lawyers get paid too much.
I am not guilty!
Ruminants are a group of mammals.
Some medicines can be harmful to the body.
He enthusiastically engaged himself in this honorable undertaking.
The media doesn't distribute this news.
The media doesn't report this news.
Like father like son.
Drop me a postcard.
You might as well go kill yourself.
Tom moved to San Diego.
Tom had appendicitis.
Tom got some more bad news.
Tom wanted to move to Boston.
This insurance has a high deductible.
Tom said that he wanted to move to Boston.
Tom said that he wanted to move to Boston because that's where Mary lives.
It's a tough place to be.
His troubles are not over.
Tom lived in Boston until he was ten years old.
Tom spent a few years in Boston when he was in college.
Are you mentally ill?
Tom enjoyed the time he spent in Boston with Mary.
Tom took it even further.
Tom doesn't have health insurance.
Tom has never been sick.
Tom had open heart surgery.
Tom went to the hospital because he was sick.
It can be fatal.
Tom is no longer covered by his parents' health insurance.
Tom has lupus.
Tom went to visit Mary in the hospital.
It's going really well.
Tom still can't afford it.
Tom is a registered sex offender.
Tom picked some flowers for Mary.
Everyone was doing it.
That guy gives me the creeps.
Tom and Mary had consensual sex.
Tom spent the night in jail.
Tom had to perform hours of community service.
Kids can be so mean.
You never know for sure.
I'll believe it when I see it.
This is being misunderstood.
Thanks for the heads-up.
There's something even worse than calumny, it's truth.
He thinks he's becoming deaf because he doesn't hear people talking about him anymore.
We only believe in those who believe in themselves.
While it goes without saying, it would go even better if it was said.
If the people knew by what small men they are ruled, they would soon rebel.
I'm being good with you this morning.
It's sort of the classic Greek tragedy of hubris begets nemesis.
In Kabuki, not only talent, but also heredity counts.
In China, they celebrate the New Year by the lunar calendar.
You have been gone for so many years.
Which cup is yours?
Be sure to follow them step by step.
I don't want to be poisoned.
Man the harpoons!
Let me try.
"Do you want to be a millionaire?" "Who doesn't?"
Write with your left hand.
Don't get a stomachache by eating too much.
Don't get an upset stomach by eating too much.
Welcome to the real world!
England would fit within Brazil times with room to spare.
Argentina would fit within Brazil times with room to spare.
Lebanon would fit within Brazil times with room to spare.
The total area of Portugal would fit, with room to spare, within the Brazilian state of Pernambuco, the seventh smallest state in Brazil.
He heard a noise from the kitchen.
She fell into a profound sleep.
She turned and began to cry.
He traveled under another name.
John took a key from his pocket.
He snored loudly during his sleep.
I chewed the gum.
Addiction is one of the problems of the youth of our day.
She punished her children.
Legitimate software applications from leading vendors are carrying an additional unwanted load. Together with their application, some of them change various browser settings as if your browser is theirs. Did you know that AVG, ICQ, Jookz, Babylon, ZoneAlarm, Incredimail just to name a few, tweak your homepage, default search and other settings?
She dared to never go back there.
The student strove for excellence.
Where did you go for vacation?
We are not going on vacation.
The Federal Republic of Germany was established in 1949.
He laid down the gun on the floor.
No place is like home.
Help her till the cows come home: some day, you will be disappointed in her.
It's a rough place out there.
Tom is a snotty little brat.
Tom is a spoiled little brat.
It doesn't look like Tom's around at the moment.
I must be imagining things.
Tomorrow it's Christmas.
That statement is incorrect.
Tom is intoxicated.
Tom has been drinking heavily.
This is Tom's locker.
Tom and Mary drank three pitchers of beer.
Tom put his books in his locker.
If I were you, I would follow his advice.
Tom opened his locker and took out his books.
The ZIP code here is 14080-000.
Flavio is enrolled in his third year of high school.
Someone is inside.
Flavio is in his senior year of high school.
I'm not at all interested in what you go around doing.
Tom, please restrain yourself.
Mary is working as a model.
Both Tom and Mary work as models.
Just because you can do something doesn't mean you should.
He was a deist, of course, but his time was before the discovery of natural selection so he can be readily forgiven for that.
There's a huge black widow spider in my room!
There's a brown recluse spider in the attic.
Tom is trying to quit.
Tom was pulled over.
You're a really nice man, Tom.
Tom is worried that something might happen to him.
I believe I have found the answer.
Tom is allergic to pollen.
There's something out there.
It's just a bird.
I'll be waiting for you.
I went to the pawn shop and asked them to please appraise my 1980s style car.
I wish you were here with me now.
That one over there's really cute.
I would rather have a sandwich than a toast.
People are becoming more and more aware of the dangers posed by drugs.
This is unusual.
Tom beat them to the punch.
Do you get me?
Tom lives in a slum.
Tom hit rock bottom.
I'm not like the rest of these guys.
Tom is a surfer.
Mary is getting her nails done.
Tom looked through the peephole.
Tom is behaving strangely.
The bathtub is dirty.
The bathtub needs to be cleaned.
I've got you.
Tom is not our man.
Tom has been taking walks at night.
Tom likes taking walks at night.
Tom punched her in the face.
Tom, behind you!
Fluorine, chlorine, bromine, iodine and astatine are halogens.
Tom is a creature of the night.
Helium, neon, argon, krypton, xenon and radon are noble gases.
Children need to be disciplined.
Hydrogen, carbon, nitrogen, phosphorus, oxygen, sulfur and selenium are nonmetals.
Beryllium, magnesium, calcium, strontium, barium and radium are alkaline earth metals.
Lithium, sodium, potassium, rubidium, caesium and francium are alkali metals.
Tom died of dehydration.
Just relax.
Tom may be old, but he's in good shape.
Have you ever read "Moby Dick"?
She laid down the gun on the floor.
I'll meet you at the usual place.
What are your plans for Christmas?
Beer consists of 90% water.
Tom really loves animals.
Looks like we barked up the wrong tree.
Many thanks for the meal!
I hope she's safe.
How many fish can you keep in your tank?
My father-in-law is a lawyer.
My father-in-law is an engineer.
My sister is younger than me.
And to those who thought they had defeated me, I reply to you with my victory.
A touch of nervousness is besetting me because I have a German exam tomorrow.
A whopping twenty-five goals were scored in yesterday's football highlights show.
Will I manage to learn all the grammar topics in time for my German exam tomorrow?
What's a picture like that doing in Tom's room?
Both of them seem suspicious.
It might be a trap.
Maybe it's a trap.
Tom has had his licence suspended.
Her Majesty is waiting.
His Majesty is waiting.
We've got no brakes!
Tom has had his license suspended.
Tom screamed like a woman.
Don't stare at me like that.
You must be crazy.
What do you have in mind?
That would appear to be correct.
Snap out of it!
You have to believe in yourself.
I was really scared.
We know.
I've read many kinds of books.
Try to remain calm.
Do you really want to know?
They are reading her book.
I've already read this book.
I have no time tomorrow.
It was horrible!
He is sprawled out on the sofa.
Honestly, I would think driving there daily is better than moving.
My dad doesn't want me driving there everyday, so he's paying my rent.
The roads here are congested.
This is a yellow rose.
Could you help?
Tom has a big apartment.
I'm so worn out.
I'm very afraid of snakes.
Do you have any siblings?
A glass of red wine, please.
We'll be leaving before you get here.
This machine is broken.
Could I speak with you for a moment?
I went on foot.
This bus is going in a different direction.
Yes, it's just this.
It's not raining.
It's not that easy, huh?
Applause broke out.
This is very difficult.
I treated him like my own son.
Wiener sausages are called Frankfurter sausages in Vienna.
I like this old car more than a new one.
Copenhagen is the capital of Denmark.
The two men blamed each other for the crime.
She speaks not only German and French, but English as well.
Cows are sacred animals to Hindus.
Look at that red-roofed house.
Beijing is changing with great speed.
Hello everyone, I'm Mike.
The end of my probation period is nearing.
He said, "I plan to become a researcher."
Why are you studying?
Dad is taking a walk in the park.
She's not as beautiful as her mother.
You think of the world too romantically.
I get anxious waiting for a friend for a long time.
This can is empty.
Do you have nothing to say?
The second course contains meat.
It's boiling hot.
Wanting to build a snowman, the children eagerly awaited the first snow.
This book is very heavy.
The plumber used many different tools to fix our sink.
I'm happy to be here.
I know its a wee while off but here are a few suggestions for where to meet.
Unfortunately, Nancy was right.
I hear she's a sleek bit of mink.
He gave me a letter in his last moments of life.
I saw the sponge in the sink.
I love you more than anything.
Living is growing old, nothing more.
Many salesmen are smooth talkers, so I think you shouldn't trust them much.
Freedom that is used only to deny freedom must be denied.
He's an Italian teacher.
She can't ski.
Men only think that you are wise when you share or approve of their folly.
I'll call back soon.
She's not my grandma; she's my mom.
Broccoli is one of the best vegetables for you.
While I was waiting for the bus, I witnessed a traffic accident.
Excuse me, please check the oil.
Be more careful from now on.
I came across a dog while returning home.
I have the memory of a goldfish.
May I borrow your phone?
I cut up all but one of my credit cards.
I remember the warmth of his arms.
Add plain yogurt and soy milk.
She translated that word for word.
I met my friends yesterday.
I eat tartine with jam.
This month was kind of difficult.
What you say and what you do are different.
"Come home early, Guillaume." "Yes, mother."
The cost of living increased dramatically.
They failed the exam.
We couldn't understand her logic.
These scissors are not cutting.
You're not the only one!
She looked for her ring earnestly.
Please hurry, the bus is leaving already.
Sorry, could you turn the radio off?
I was a better alto but was selected as a mezzo-soprano.
The young girl sighed.
The latest exam was difficult and its questions misleading.
I'd like to eat cheesecake to my heart's content at The Cheesecake Factory.
What should I do? I burned the pot!
I'd like to study German, but I don't have the time.
At one time I was saying I want to become a novelist.
Today I have to drop by the supermarket.
The situation is worse than I'd thought.
Let's play tennis!
Was it a dream?
Even though you like tomatoes, you dislike tomato juice, right?
I wonder whether stone-roasted sweet potatoes are available overseas as well.
How do you make a triangle-shaped onigiri? No matter how many times I try I can only make round onigiri.
Nowadays you no longer hear popular songs that can be sung by men and women of all ages.
Who ate my cake that I'd put in the fridge?
Pizza, please.
I want to see a volcano.
Even I don't understand.
Long ago, people used to travel on foot.
Last Saturday, I went with my family to the zoo to see the pandas.
I listen to and prefer jazz over classical.
Together we breathed a sigh of relief.
The Japanese watch Japan too much and don't know the situation overseas. Koreans watch Japan only and don't know the situation of their own country.
No one can foresee how that result will turn out.
Today I have to give my cat a bath.
I heard him humming in the shower.
There is also a tendency to call "L'Auberge Espagnole" a pornographic film.
Just like that, hours, days and weeks passed.
I can sleep anywhere.
I just now signed the divorce papers, and with this I'm finally free!
There are students in this class.
I'd like to hold a staff meeting first thing tomorrow afternoon, so could you reserve the conference room?
Father, forgive them; for they know not what they do.
Tom made a mountain out of a molehill.
They handled it well.
It's not that bad.
People have short memories.
Mary was bullied by her classmates.
They ganged up on him.
Tom dyed his hair.
Tom was beat to a pulp by his father.
Tom is an arrogant idiot.
Frankly, my dear, I don't give a damn!
Mary married for money.
Asians generally have black hair.
We are sorry for the inconvenience.
Tom has almost no experience of women.
I have my share of doubts.
Tom is a royal pain in the ass.
Tom can hold his breath for five minutes.
Tom has a heart of stone.
Tom and Mary are helicopter parents.
Tom has a secret crush on Mary.
This movie is politically incorrect.
It's a little dated.
The story is full of holes.
Tom and Mary are second cousins.
We're in trouble.
The image does not match reality.
Tom is a good kisser.
Tom was killed by wild animals.
Why do camels hate horses?
She doesn't like him.
She does not like him.
Who would you like to speak with?
Who would you like to speak to?
There are beautiful flowers in the garden.
I always go to school on foot.
He doesn't know anything about politics.
Who is on the train?
There are lots of things I want to talk about.
When did the show finish?
At what time did the show finish?
You have one mouth and two ears, so listen more and speak less.
Christopher Columbus discovered America.
He spends his free time on the internet.
The two families live under one roof.
You just wouldn't understand.
Further investigation is required.
Tom is good at what he does.
Tom likes ponies.
Tom likes making paper aeroplanes.
She bought a toy for the kid.
I've been waiting for her for an hour.
Tom dyed his hair black.
I think, therefore I follow.
I don't think, therefore I do not follow.
On board his flying saucer, he's flying over houses...
He threads his way between the trees... and rushes under the bridge.
But suddenly, Little Venusian really needs to go and pee.
He lands in a garden and knocks at the door.
Mum opens the door.
Behind her, cautiously hidden, stands François.
Little Venusian politely asks for the toilet.
But the seat is too big for him.
How annoying!
François has a good idea.
He's going to let him use his own.
Phew! That was close!
Flying from far away, from the other side of the sun, Little Venusian is arriving to visit our planet.
Don't patronize me.
Don't patronise me.
Good bye and thanks a lot, Little Venusian says.
Tom does not mince words.
Tom is a weirdo.
Mary doesn't like eating at Applebee's.
It doesn't go far enough.
Tom has cancer.
Bear in the grave.
China is larger than Japan.
It's hard to tell you from your brother.
When I was young, my father used to take me to school.
The law should be clear.
Where's my phone book?
Are there bigger carrots?
What are you going to do after graduating from college?
You must take the medicine!
Please! Don't open the window.
Please! Please don't skip class.
The word doctor refers to a person with the highest university degree, and colloquially to a physician.
The book reviewer who detects a missing comma, immediately feels elevated to the level of the writer.
In Sweden a gender-neutral pronoun was introduced to make the distinction between male and female grammatically unnecessary.
I defenestrate you!
Scottish recipe for tomato soup: Pour hot water into a red cup.
I don't know how he can live in this mess.
I don't know how he can live in this quilombo.
My mum let me go to the movies.
I'm going to the dance, even though you don't like it.
He lived there completely alone.
My sister is a receptionist.
The aphids are making the leaves turn yellow.
My parents are English, but they came to Brazil in 2001.
Your little brother has the face of a slob!
He gets up at 7.
Don't throw these documents in the rubbish!
Bill runs faster than Bob.
Benevolence is abstract, a good deed is concrete.
Until the age of 21, children love their parents; at they judge them, afterwards they forgive them.
Every man for himself.
There has to be a satisfactory solution to the problem.
When he saw my new haircut, he looked at me with eyes as big as an anime character's.
Do you have any idea how many eggs are consumed per year?
I have recently used the services of his travel agency to book a cruise in the Mediterranean.
Many oval-leaved plants are poisonous.
I left school early.
The government tortured the citizen to make him confess.
I've never seen a river so pretty.
You're heading exactly where I wanted to go.
Plants need to be in a well-lit place to undergo photosynthesis.
I obey only reason.
Strong as an oak.
Strong as an ox.
I would have liked it if you had come with us.
Scientists continue to discover new medicines, so there is always hope for people who are in comas.
In my house we drink a lot of beer.
Your name sounds familiar to me.
Tom is such a buzzkill.
A philosopher is a man who can solve all problems, except for his own.
You logged on ?
How true it is!
I liked to believe I was loved.
People like me, but they don't love me.
I have decided that I won't let people get close to me anymore; this means that I will never expect someone to love me, nor will I open my heart to anyone.
Even my husband does not know what I am really thinking.
From a very young age, Jorge Luis Borges had serious problems with his vision.
A surgeon lives with Death, his inseparable companion - I walk hand in hand with him.
I'm always wondering what the difference is between resin and sap.
The structure isn't strong enough to support so much weight.
The structure isn't strong enough to support that much weight.
He went to America.
She basically said that, without going into details.
Are you coming back tomorrow?
Yesterday I saw a man crying bitterly.
What is the longest word in the Kazakh language?
Dog can be prepared in various different ways.
How many nights do you intend to stay here for?
Finally we reached a compromise.
I am very pleased to see you again.
This is a good camera.
It is a good camera.
They usually say that women live longer than men.
Do you want to talk about it?
She dreamed of becoming a nurse.
What's the price of this?
That costs 13.
Where should I pay?
I'm looking for something less expensive.
I would like to exchange American dollars for rupnu.
What is the exchange rate of the euro against the rupnu?
How much do you want to sell this for?
She's up the duff.
Thanks all the same.
The shop sells all sorts of bric-à-brac.
The shop sells all sorts of bric-a-brac.
At the end of the sentence one should put a period.
At the end of the sentence, you should add a period.
One should add a full stop at the end of the sentence.
One should put a full stop at the end of the sentence.
The wizened, old sorcerer took me under his wing and taught me everything he knew about magic.
Culture is what remains after one has forgotten all the things one has learned.
You're one to talk!
You are one to talk.
There must be some way out of here.
What the hell do you think you are doing?
I'm trying to work out here. Do you want to spot me?
You will not get away with this.
I fantasize about a life that doesn't so closely resemble hell.
You obviously have no interest in saving yourself.
Management wants you gone by the end of the day.
"What do you want?" "One year's salary with benefits."
Man... you are one twisted fuck.
I'm just an ordinary guy with nothing to lose.
According to the newspaper, it will rain today.
I think Honda will come tomorrow.
It seems to be quiet over there, right?
An error occured while saving. Please try again or contact us to report this.
The user you to want to send this message to does not exist. Please try with another username.
Has Tanaka already returned?
I was barely able to get him out.
It rained heavily all day long.
She is the one who took care of his wound.
Shall I buy this dictionary just because it's cheap?
She and I hold the same position in the company, but she earns more than I do.
I apologize for this.
Was that not clear?
Turn here to get on the subway.
When the light is green, cars turning must yield to pedestrians.
I prefer traveling on my own.
I don't speak Kazakh.
I am so sorry to have kept you waiting.
I am too focused on my career.
She certainly did take advantage of the lifestyle my success afforded her.
Some men just want to watch the world burn.
I need some Japanese listening comprehension materials.
It's not sure it will happen.
It's not like it's sure it will happen!
Listen, my son!
The students hitchiked.
Would you like to taste this yummy cake?
Mary looked worse for wear.
According to the newspaper, it's going to rain today.
He read the book yesterday.
Tom is a tax preparer.
Tom is a tax consultant.
Frankly, I don't like your idea.
Let's stop this argument.
The walls have ears, the doors have eyes.
You two deserve each other.
You'd be out of your mind to go with him.
I am there.
You're ways too uptight about sex.
Don't you laugh at me!
We got to get you a real man.
I have to run next door.
You don't get to tell me what to do ever again.
This really doesn't concern you.
You kind of are on her turf.
They are here.
You are so busted.
That's true for every day except one.
You have nothing to be sorry about.
It's been a long time since anybody asked me that.
I've gotta go to the bathroom.
My grandma's skin seemed like paper.
I guess I could be pretty pissed off about what happened to me.
I can see that he is content.
He doesn't smoke and he doesn't drink vodka.
She was more beautiful than all the others.
She was more beautiful than all of the others.
Do you have any grandchildren?
A bilingual person can change from one language to another in the middle of a sentence, and this code-switching is a topic of study for linguists.
The last man on Earth sat alone in a room. There was a knock at the door...
I won't see you today. I'll see you tomorrow, though.
I won't see you today. I'll see you tomorrow, however.
Life is too short to seek perfection in material things.
Her child behaves well.
Joyful let the soul be in the present, let it disdain to trouble about what is beyond and temper bitterness with a laugh. Nothing is blessed forever.
When I'm with you, I'm happy.
This is mine, and this is yours.
Water is a transparent liquid.
I don't play pool.
I knew she would be the winner.
It's up to you to make a choice.
The sea isn't clear.
Stop threatening inanimate objects, they can't hear you.
I don't understand some people's ways and how they can be so inconsiderate of others.
He is very good-looking.
We measure the depth of the river.
We are measuring the depth of the river.
We were surprised by his behavior.
She was unconscious for three days.
Tom doesn't know the difference between Vikings and Norwegians.
Is the food halal?
They say that he is the richest person in the world.
Japan and Korea are neighbours.
Try to be more punctual from now on.
You need to top up your Oyster Card.
I can't top up my phone.
There is snow on the mountain.
I could not stop laughing.
This song is called "Only You".
The tea is too strong. Add a bit of water.
That's what I've always said.
I visited the village he was born in.
He is sure that he will come.
Tom decided to study law.
Did you receive my letters?
You want answers to questions that you're not allowed to ask.
The match has been canceled due to heavy rain.
Words know from us, things we ignore from them.
She fell asleep in my arms.
I would like to know what you intend to do now.
It's difficult to speak with him.
I'd like to know what you intend to do now.
I can beat him!
He was working hard.
She was working hard.
I don't want to become blind!
Think, - and you will be able to calm down.
The tree casts a long shadow.
I washed the car.
Thank you for the lovely surprise!
I'd like to ask you for some legal advice.
The garden was full of yellow flowers.
I have a room full of toys. Do you want to play?
Translate this book into English.
I'm not guilty.
I'm innocent.
Mehmed Talat was assassinated in Berlin in 1921.
Too many sweets make you fat.
I don't know how to draw, nor do I have the sensibility of an artist.
He donated countless pieces to the museum.
She donated countless pieces to the museum.
Has anybody seen my beer mug?
I only speak a smattering of Japanese.
Since when have you been able to feel the movement of the fetus?
They stayed in the room with me for the whole night.
I used to speak Latin, French and English, but now I've forgotten it all.
Is this sentence meant seriously? Of course not!
Can one better bear the sins of an atheist?
It's inconceivable that you would talk on the phone whilst behind the wheel.
We're a few kilometres away from the Sambadrome.
The water from this fountain is safe to drink.
Mr Brown always carries a book.
Throw the egg shells in the organic rubbish bin.
She had the habit of wearing a ribbon on her hat; a different one each day, and each day a different colour.
Before eating it, cook the meat well.
Raising a child costs a fortune.
He opened his mouth as if to speak, but didn't say anything.
She opened her mouth as if to speak, but didn't say anything.
I would never say such a thing.
Check out the woman over there!
Look at the woman over there!
Joseph can say "I love you" in fifteen languages.
That was very easy!
Nobody noticed my absence?
We need rules!
Are you interested in Buddhism?
It is very dear.
Hungary is a state situated in Central Europe.
In the 90s, Ireland, Hungary, Romania, the Czech Republic, Slovakia, Switzerland and Georgia abolished the death penalty.
Tom is such a Debby Downer.
Brazil became the sixth largest economy in the world.
You look very good in that photo.
Don't forget there are exceptions.
Tom is such a killjoy.
I want your answer by the end of the day.
There are historical reasons why males who are native speakers of English are embarrassed to speak their mother tongue correctly.
After the invasion, Viking men took English wives and fathered children with the result that their daughters learned correct English from their mothers, and their sons learned bad English from their fathers, who hadn’t been in the country long enough to master the language.
The use of non-standard English does not help to promote English in international communications; well, we can always fall back on Esperanto.
Tigers live in the jungle, lions in the savanna.
It's really fun to learn Esperanto.
My computer broke due to the heat.
I haven't been to class for five days, I have to catch up.
Our hypothesis is based on solid experiments.
The prices are high.
In this magazine Juliana talks about the way she dresses.
Charlemagne was crowned by the Pope.
What left me perplexed is that the answer was so simple and nobody could guess it.
Why did Kissinger flee Paris and make himself a fugitive from the French law?
South American telenovelas dream of being called soap operas.
You have absolutely no reason to feel offended.
He's an old windbag, you can't believe a word he says.
She answered through tears.
Traveling educates young people.
Seneca admonished us: "It is not because things are difficult that we do not dare, it is because we do not dare that things are difficult."
I'll call her, but she won't come.
I'm calling her but she isn't coming.
I call her but she doesn't come.
That dress fit her perfectly.
I feel like going out for a walk.
I will spend my next year vacation abroad.
English is like a gated community; access is possible but cumbersome.
We need that report by tomorrow.
You can call me Bob please.
I'm fine, thanks.
What do you do here so early?
I understand more than I speak.
Is there a bank nearby here?
I would like to book a flight to Brazil.
May I know the date of you departure?
Do you have a package tour?
Certainly. I'II look for it right now.
Where I can find the check-in counter for Tam please?
It's in terminal 1.
Where can I wait for it please?
Which seat do you want please?
What about the other one?
The TAM will be minutes delayed today.
Oh! How bad!
How can I get to the Duty Free Shop from here?
Excuse me. Where is my seat please?
Can you clean the mess up?
He should be around 40.
He must be around 40.
Can I eat?
They accepted the offer.
They accepted the proposition.
Some linguists have remarked that in international communication English works best when there are no native speakers present.
One of the symptoms of schizophrenia is pathological attention to detail, so I feel comforted when I forget a few commas.
May the way of the hero lead to the Triforce.
You must activate the software before you can use it again.
I can't type the letter "K" on my keyboard.
Did you like your first class?
My grandparents died before I was born.
I have only one picture of my grandmother.
Brazil declared war on Argentina in 1825.
Maria is wearing a burqa.
Can't you live your own life?
I would have been happier if I had stayed there.
Mustafa Kemal is known by many as the father of the Turkish nation.
Muhammad was born in Mecca.
I'm happy you're here.
I'm happy because you're here.
Tatoeba was out of service.
Goethe considered himself a happy man and reported being happy for three weeks in his life.
Please, give me the biggest pineapple.
I will return earlier tomorrow.
Please eat a little more.
My view on this issue has changed.
Such fish as carp and trout live in fresh water.
Fish such as carp and trout live in fresh water.
Fish like carp and trout live in fresh water.
He spoke.
Almost no one knows we are sisters.
I'll go to my bed and cry.
If you've never done anything that stupid before, go ahead and try.
He lives near the beach.
She lives near the beach.
Get out from wherever you are.
Wherever I look, there's only sand and more sand.
I'll never find true love.
I'll tell you what I did today.
Let me tell you what I did today.
You should put on a life jacket, whenever you get in a boat.
The last dart he threw, bounced off the board.
They hung streamers from the ceiling in preparation for the party.
Dad made us walk back through the bush on the way home!
I was not a happy girl.
Ukraine is a country in Central and Eastern Europe.
Ukraine became independent again when the Soviet Union dissolved in 1991.
Donetsk is a large city in eastern Ukraine on the Kalmius river.
Many people, especially ignorant people want to punish you for speaking the truth, for being correct, for being you. Never appologize for being correct or for being years ahead of your time. If you’re right and you know it, speak your mind. Even if you are a minority of one, the truth is still the truth.
He reads voraciously.
My 7th graders are annoying.
Suppressive cultures are often superstitious.
The nuclear family is a young prejudice; in fact, families have only been built around the few immediate members in the last or years of relative wealth.
In her youth, Mary played the penny whistle.
Poverty is not an accident. Like slavery and apartheid, it is man-made and can be removed by the actions of human beings.
This is for everyone who has received a notice from them.
It looks like it's going to rain, right?
This is beyond reasoning.
He insisted on speaking.
I look forward to it.
It isn't worth it!
Rain is likely to fall.
Rain is likely to start.
A diamond is worth a lot of money!
Do it somewhere else.
It is likely that it will rain.
He does appear.
Get it right!
Although it was raining, I went out.
The Great Jerboa is a species of rodent.
Jerboas look like kangaroos due to having many similarities such as long hind legs, very short forelegs, and long tails.
I like to be organised!
It is clear that no one has anything new to suggest.
Ignorance is the mother of fear as well as of admiration.
Another factor to be taken into consideration is that the present situation is favourable to us.
Before the 15th century it was generally believed that the Earth was at the centre of the universe.
Just think of the difficulties!
God knows what their fate will be.
His thesis summed up the new achievements made in computers, artificial satellites and rockets.
As everyone knows, air is a mixture of gases.
The first electronic computers went into operation in 1945.
The Year of the Four Emperors, AD, is a remarkable page of the Roman history.
If there's an emergency, you must run out of the house through this exit.
He spoke with evident glee.
They refused to talk to me in spite of my earnest request.
Miss Wang has a trace of obstinacy in her, but she is still a good student.
I recognised him immediately.
You have my sympathy.
History develops through the replacement of the old by the new.
We went to the dance.
We intended to let you in on the secret.
He is below contempt.
In China’s approach to relations with other countries, we find a welcome emphasis on the principle of equality of states.
She is not only good at running; she is also good at singing.
Heating water does not change its chemical composition.
The washing-up machine at home was regarded as a rival to the worker at the kitchen sink.
You're getting into deep water.
I contend that we are both atheists. I just believe in one fewer god than you do. When you understand why you dismiss all the other possible gods, you will understand why I dismiss yours.
We express our gratitude for Mr Smith's outstanding, challenging speech.
In spite of the tyrant’s persecution, the hero valiantly carried on the struggle.
He is a promising student.
The weather promises to clear up.
Rubber is not hard: it gives way to pressure.
The houseboat is in the boathouse.
How about a match between the English and the others?
They made a mistake, it's not Mexican jerboa, it's Shanghai leopard.
Don't open those windows.
Do not open those windows.
Who took the picture?
It's too cold.
Legislation clearly distinguishes between dangerous goods and hazardous materials.
I gave all the money I had left to the hairdresser.
We think it's time to smile more often.
I'm in love with this woman.
Without you, I am nothing.
This is speaking.
I cured my cold with this medicine.
Mom bought a puppy for us.
Biologists view the chupacabras as a contemporary legend.
My orders are not up for discussion.
Stanisław Lem was born in in Lviv, Poland (now Ukraine).
The popularity of the chupacabras has resulted in it being featured in several types of media.
If you want something done, ask a busy person to do it.
Every person counts.
Earth is perfectly suited for life.
The high percentage of oxygen makes humans feel energized and alive.
The high percentage of oxygen allows insects to grow to frightful sizes.
Pollen can cause severe allergic reactions.
You check for a pulse, but find none.
It seems worthless.
Immigration is restricted.
Mars is a large rock with a thin atmosphere.
You're completely out of control.
Somebody needs to stop you.
Now, it's up to you.
I've done my part.
You need to disappear before they find you.
Mary looks to you with a wry, respectful smile.
This colony was founded in 1700.
The communication recently has been lost with the team.
Faint footprints in the dust lead off to the east.
Communications are down.
I'm going to investigate this case.
All demolition charges have been deactivated.
Is that a country or a city?
Tom was badly beaten before being killed.
Mary was killed with a pistol shot to the back of the head at close range.
He was preaching God's Word to a small group of believers.
It's not fitting to preach among the ravens.
This planet appears to be suited for colonization.
This land is covered by a verdant carpet of lush vegetation.
Appearances are deceiving.
The Earth possesses a thick, oxygenated atmosphere.
You better not do that!
Pollen can cause anaphylactic shock when inhaled.
This dust is impossible to filter from the air.
Oxygen is necessary for life on earth.
Tom wakes from a deep sleep.
Mary wakes an instant later to find herself lying on her back.
What did Tom and Mary learn from us?
Tom helped you to your feet.
Mary is alone in the forest.
The exercises are simple and effective.
Leaning on his bone-tipped spear for support, Tom rises to his feet.
Tom shakes his spear in anger at bear.
Tom raised his hairy fist.
The last time we saw each other was on Ana's birthday, the year before last.
Tom was the first one who explored Mary's body.
Tom seems to have made off with the elk carcass.
The remains of human cities dot the Earth.
Mary senses the aliens are watching her.
The test samples were due to arrive three days ago.
No one should be able to trace the events there back to us.
We recommend cutting off all further contact with the rebels.
There are no signs of trauma on Tom's corpse.
Mary loves when Tom caresses her.
Mary became pregnant at the age of 14.
Mary got pregnant at age fourteen.
I don't speak Turkish.
The literal translation for the Spanish word "chupacabra" is "goat sucker."
Fear me, if you dare!
My armpits were sweating.
Mary has the biggest clitoris I've ever seen.
How do you feel during the period?
The most essential for our people are unity, interethnic consent, and political stability.
The camel can go a long time without water and food.
Pine is a resinous wood.
I began to speak.
Now, listen.
I'm sure I will find a way.
You are cleared for takeoff.
The draw for the final tournament took place on December at the Ukraine Palace of Arts in Kiev, Ukraine.
Can you open the door for me?
I'm tired of writing.
I don't need anyone.
Do they remember me?
I don't know where to start.
I don't understand a word of what he says.
Literal translations don't work.
The cake I made was not eaten by you, it was eaten by your sister.
It was not you who ate the cake I made, it was your sister.
Our baby was born healthy.
I'm confused now.
Maybe it's too late.
Perhaps it's too late.
They do it each week.
Tom doesn't own a credit card.
The teachers are playing games with students in the kindergarten.
Nowadays, some kindergartens are carrying out bilingual teaching, and so all the children can speak a little English.
The teacher of the kindergarten told the pupils to respect, and cherish each other.
There is a kindergarten at the other end of the street.
She is a child-care worker in a kindergarten.
They send their child to a part-time nursery.
Teachers in kindergarten are sometimes referred to as leaders of children.
Many pictures are placed on Xiaoding's desk.
Renmei is waiting for Xueyou in the dorm.
Xueyou is looking at the new pictures Renmei took in Beijing.
Teacher Wang is drinking the Longjing tea (he) brought from China.
Xiaoding's father's name is written down on the envelope.
The little child drools whenever he hears of something delicious.
Two American students live in this dorm.
Xiaoding asked Teacher Lin while holding a picture: "Is this picture of you taken in the Beijing University Library?"
Kaikai is wearing blue clothes to go to the kindergarten.
Shihai is carrying a Chinese grammar book to go to Teacher Wang's place and ask questions.
Xiaoding and Xueyou are sitting there listening to Teacher Wang talk.
My schoolmate is holding a map of Beijing in his hand.
When Xueyou came to see Teacher Lin, it was raining outside.
Xueyou is holding a map of China.
My neck is full of holes.
Gravity wins again!
My feet are cold.
The government doesn't invest much in education.
Julia gives a kiss to her daughter.
They can raise your rent.
He's a famous Japanese popstar.
Don't worry Mr. President: with gums that bad, I doubt she even HAS teeth.
Probate lawyers to the rescue!
I don't know what's going on here.
She said she had loved me.
They don't pay attention to me.
He came rushing down the stairs.
Tom took a header down the stairs.
He went bump down the stairs.
What is good for you is good for me.
How much does he spend per month?
The girl sees the boy.
Many people only speak one language.
I don't like to watch tv.
I like learning languages.
The man kisses the woman.
This is boring.
I don't sleep so much.
Who do you like the most?
I'm not sure.
It's hard.
Who do you love?
They are very old.
He does not know.
Tom gets off on that kind of thing.
My sister died last year.
Why didn't you tell me he was here? I had to know as soon as possible!
That doesn't make sense.
There was blood everywhere.
Mary was elected queen of the prom.
It's the logical thing to do.
Let's get this over with.
Deep Blue beat chess grandmaster Gary Kasparov in 1997.
There's no way to tell.
Tom said nothing.
At least we finished the first part.
The chances of dying from falling airplane parts are times greater than the chances of being killed by a shark.
Poe's Law is an axiom suggesting that it's difficult, if not impossible, to distinguish between parodies of religious or other fundamentalism and its genuine proponents, since they both seem equally insane.
Profound study of nature is the most fertile source of mathematical discoveries.
History does not repeat itself, but it does rhyme.
Reader, suppose you were an idiot. And suppose you were a member of Congress. But I repeat myself.
Get the facts first. You can distort them later.
I don't speak Ukrainian.
Failure gives me strength: my pain is my motivation.
Are you coming home for dinner tonight?
She isn't old enough to get a driving license.
The less I study, the greater my chance of failure.
What was it that brought you to me?
I believe example sentences are an integral aid for language learners.
This all sounds great.
What's your opinion about a transatlantic tunnel?
Dude, you're so dumb when it comes to women...
The bed linen changes every week.
I am planning to go to Europe next week.
Have you received the letter?
They love their children.
His story was published in a magazine.
The people can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders. That is easy. All you have to do is tell them they are being attacked and denounce the pacifists for lack of patriotism and exposing the country to danger. It works the same way in any country.
Why, of course, the people don't want war. Why would some poor slob on a farm want to risk his life in a war when the best that he can get out of it is to come back to his farm in one piece. Naturally, the common people don't want war; neither in Russia nor in England nor in America, nor for that matter in Germany. That is understood.
Let's listen to this cassette.
The lion is eating meat.
He has gone blind in both eyes.
This product has annual sales of about $million.
The sun is at the zenith.
I will wait outside.
I bought five metres of fabric in the shop.
I am used to living alone.
There is no progress without communication.
He went to school by car.
I don't know the word "impossible".
Hello, is anybody there?
If you want to keep healthy, you should do more exercises.
If you want to study Chinese well, you should communicate with Chinese people more often.
If you want to truly understand the language and culture of a country, you should go to study and live in that country for a period of time.
Guohua knows many foreign students, there are Japanese, Koreans, French, as well as Americans.
Be quiet, he might hear us.
We sat at the table in silence.
Don't be quiet and say everything.
I don't like winter.
She asked us to be quiet.
My daughter has already returned from school.
When will your mum return from the hospital?
They are hurrying to return home.
My cat left the house and never returned.
Leave my house and never return.
Candies are not real food.
I don't remember her name.
Her daughter has a really pretty name.
The students ran out through the door.
Never open the door for him.
He opened the door of the car.
I've never seen a house without a door.
What's the colour of the door of her house?
He heard somebody say his name.
Where is my name written?
She wrote a new book.
He hastily wrote down our names.
She hastily ran to her room.
Somebody wrote my name on the wall.
His daughter hastily hid behind the yellow house.
Do they want to go anywhere?
Did you hear something?
Let's try to do something.
What's the point of writing something on the roof?
What's the point of driving anywhere?
He doesn't know the meaning of life.
There's no point for me to go to school.
He's a very healthy person.
My parents are healthy.
The students didn't want to tell anything to their parents.
He doesn't look very healthy.
I forgot to write to my parents.
They'd like to be healthy.
I'd like to see my parents.
My daughter would like to eat some candies.
She'd like to find the purpose of life.
Would you like to eat some fried potatoes?
We ate some fried meat.
Her daughter fried the meat.
I don't like fried food.
He likes to live in that place.
She didn't like that place.
Return to your seat.
Do you know where he could have hidden his money?
Is this a good place to plant a tree?
Those two will always be together.
Do you see me?
Do you want to go with me?
He doesn't see the point in life.
Your parents haven't seen you for a long time.
She saw my name written on the wall.
Where could I see you?
They drove back to the hospital.
We all returned home.
We all found a good place to eat.
She's walking back to the store where she forgot her money.
His daughter ran back to her room.
Look back and you'll see a black cat.
He's not looking at the book.
She's looking but she doesn't see anything.
The cat is sitting on the chair and looking at the meat that's lying on the kitchen table.
Never look back.
I don't know where I should look.
She opened a new store.
He doesn't want to open the car.
When will that new school open?
Don't forget to open the window in your room.
He looked through the window.
My cat likes to look through the window.
I saw a car through the window.
Don't stand next to the window.
Leave the food on the table.
She left her dog in my room.
We're hurrying to the hospital.
Students are hurrying to school.
She's never in a hurry.
Why can't you hurry?
I'm hurrying to learn how to cook.
Who ate all of our food?
Go to the store and buy us some food.
Bring me some food from the kitchen.
I don't remember where I left my car.
He left the money at home.
He had to leave his cat at home.
You have to go to the hospital.
You have to look good today.
She's running from home.
My cat is running around the room.
Her dogs were running around the house.
They ran away from school.
Somebody has to talk.
It's not nice to talk like that.
This word is really beautiful.
She's very pretty.
They live in a very beautiful house.
I find her very pretty.
What an ugly cat.
What ugly hair.
Listen while I talk.
She told me that I'll have to run from him.
If you want to run, then run.
She saw somebody waiting for her next to the school.
Somebody told her the whole truth.
Somebody has to hurry and quickly drive her to the hospital.
Somebody brought them a new carpet.
Cats can't learn to speak.
How can she speak that fast?
She forgot to stop next to my house.
Today, you have listen to what I'm telling you.
The students didn't listen to her story.
When she comes here, tell her that I forgot to bring the books.
What will we do when she finds us?
When I came to the school, there was nobody there anymore.
When he had no money, he couldn't buy any bread.
I don't see the appeal.
Tom got shot in the head by a sniper.
What a blunder!
It was the most painful thing in my life.
What are your thoughts on this?
It's very easy to use.
Do you enjoy living like this?
All the characters of this comic are girls.
He forgot the umbrella in the bus.
He is my go-to guy.
I think I'm pregnant! said the woman.
Do you have vaginal discharge?
DIY.
Let no one ever come to you without leaving better and happier.
We began to build the house two months ago and we'll end it within a year.
"That's why I've come later." "I see."
He was walking to the store, but stopped next to her house.
A black car stopped next to the hospital.
Why did you stop then?
Stop next to the school.
I wasn't here then.
She's trying to repaint her house.
I've never tried driving a car.
Did you try to listen to her?
He tried to sleep on the floor.
We made an attempt to climb up a tree.
Try to drive there on your own.
My daughter studies in that school.
Her daughter is very pretty.
His daughter ran to the store and bought some candies.
Your daughter overheard us talking.
These candies are too sweet.
Why does your daughter dislike candies?
Their daughter studies in that school.
We ate all the candies we found in her room.
The itching appeared several hours after a meal.
The law is equal for all.
I forbid you to smoke!
Viviana has important issues to discuss.
We have important issues to discuss.
I wish I had a voice like his!
There is a sleuth under us.
Flies have a keen sense of smell for decaying matter.
I own one cat.
There's one cup on the table.
There's one small cat hiding behind the car.
She ate one apple.
There's one black cat sleeping on the yellow chair.
Do you know where she bought herself a cat?
There's one cup of warm water on the table.
I need only one cat.
He wants only one cup of tea.
Why did you buy only one banana?
They have only one blanket.
That apple was really tasty.
That cat really was blue.
They really slept on the floor.
I really don't need help.
They need your help.
Two cats climbed up on a chair.
He climbed into his car.
You are not allowed to climb into his car.
A dog can't climb up a wall.
That cat needs help to climb off a table.
Her cat climbed off my bed.
Your cat doesn't want to climb off my desk.
His cat climbed up on the kitchen table and found some tasty meat.
Her cat was lying on my pillow and didn't want to come off it.
Maybe you'd like to drink some tea?
Would you like to drink some tea?
Maybe she really doesn't have a room of her own?
Maybe the cat is hiding under the bed?
Maybe you know where my books are?
I know that her bread will be tasty.
Maybe she really won't be there?
Those cats always sleep on the carpet.
Does he know where those cats hid themselves?
Those students really can't read.
My students are learning to drive.
That student lives in that room.
Your students don't like me.
All her students really love to read books.
She has many dogs.
There are many black cats hiding under the bed.
They have many students.
She told me a lot about you.
We ate a whole load of apples.
Tell her to not look for me.
You don't know what he told me.
She never told me she had a cat.
I don't want to read anything.
What is he saying?
It's very cold in my house.
I think that she doesn't want to eat any more.
He thinks that you need to sleep more.
She doesn't find meat tasty.
Do you think that we'll find her house?
Which house is his?
Which cat is yours?
Do you know which book she wants to read?
Tell me which bread you want to eat.
There are many people living in this house.
Those people didn't tell us anything about you.
Not all people like dogs.
What did she teach you?
My house doesn't have a roof.
Why aren't you liked here?
Why are you disliked here?
She doesn't know where to look for him.
Look for my cat under the bed.
I looked for my cup, but didn't find it.
What are you looking for there?
What do you need so many cats for?
Why do you have so many cats?
Do you really need one more dog?
We need more sugar.
She needs to sleep more.
Your cat needs to eat more.
Give that cat to us.
Can you give that chair to her?
Give me your book.
We love trees.
She's standing next to the yellow house.
This house is not mine.
I found him sleeping in his house.
Give the cat some meat.
She'll give one more carpet to me.
My mum has three dogs.
They already have three cats, they don't need another one.
Can you climb up that tree?
The grey cat can't climb off the tree.
Is your car next to her house?
I never looked for you.
He's now looking for her in my house.
Why are those people climbing up on the roof?
He's now making a table for me.
I made this chair.
Why did you climb up on the roof of her house?
All her cats are sitting on the roof of the car.
What did she drink?
He doesn't want to study today.
My students are always studying.
Today, she doesn't need to study any more.
Today, I'll make some salad for myself on my own.
He writes a letter.
That wasn't the truth.
She never found out the truth.
Your cat is hiding from me.
She's hiding the truth from us.
Is this the real truth?
He doesn't know if that tree is real.
We're going to the kitchen.
Don't do anything until I come.
Go and stand next to your car.
The students don't have to go to school today.
I don't like my school.
They never studied in school.
You can't bring your cat to school.
Why can he never do anything?
We slept on a very long bed.
If you don't like this carpet, then give it away to him.
If you don't want to eat potatoes, then sit hungry.
If you don't go to school, then you won't learn anything.
I'm looking for a good word.
He didn't say a word to me.
Can you make a tasty salad?
He likes to eat salad with meat.
Wolves don't eat salad.
Do you know how to bake bread?
Nobody ever found her cat.
Kate has become a full member of the royal family.
A senior royal told CNN that the Duchess of Cambridge has fulfilled all of her objectives one year after marrying Prince William and has become a "full member" of the British monarchy.
St James Palace represents her, William and his brother Harry, and now regards her "induction" as complete.
The source also said that the Duchess of Cambridge feels "fulfilled" by her achievements over the last twelve months.
It is no good to you.
Before Kate was married last year, some expressed concerns that as she was born a commoner, she would struggle with the pressure of being thrust into the public eye.
Her smooth entry into the ranks of the royal family will help to dispel these fears.
This company is indifferent to the safety of its workers.
We need to cut costs.
Tom plunged to his death.
You're a jolly good feller.
You're a mighty good feller.
He's a smart little feller.
I don't believe one word of it.
Tom's arm had to be amputated.
Something is very wrong.
A few people were killed in the car accident.
He's my best friend. It's like we are brothers.
I knew that.
The results of our opinion poll permit some interesting conclusions.
"That's why I've come late." "I see."
We managed to make him understand it.
Anyway, three against one is unfair.
I take back everything I said.
The Chinese language is full of idioms that are commonly used in texts of different genres as an erudite style of writing.
A good mastery of these idiomatic expressions and skillful use of them in writing essays.
Our younger brother is making a phone call.
Who is watching TV?
Who is watching the movie?
He is reading the newspaper.
Daddy is writing Chinese characters.
Ding is playing on the computer.
He can speak Chinese.
Is she a Chinese person?
Do they sell tangerines?
Are airplane tickets expensive?
Zhao Meiling is very smart.
Suzhou is very beautiful.
What book is this?
What is this vase made of?
What are your earrings made of?
Today it is cloudy.
Yesterday was very humid and hot.
That bad person was arrested.
Their house was burned down by fire.
He was fired by the school.
The policeman didn't tow your car away.
Don’t let your friend cheat you.
We shouldn't let other people know what we did.
My money was stolen by a thief.
The Mandarin passive is used under the following circumstances.
Our secret was discovered by the government.
The trees here were all cut down by people.
The bank was robbed yesterday.
My daughter was cheated.
The professor was criticized by the students.
The professor now allows the students to criticize.
Mom let the children eat cookies.
A friend sent the fruit as a gift.
Agent is always assigned to the subject.
He confessed the fact.
You should stand up to speak.
Stand up.
He thinks he's so great.
If we let those bastards get dug in now, we'll have to level the building.
My intervention on your behalf is the only reason you still have a job.
I hear foetal heart sounds.
My grandfather was a miller.
Decide if being formal or informal before starting to write.
Let's do some exploring together.
Why do you always have to overcomplicate things?
She has no fear.
He has no fear.
What newspaper do you read?
I can't send my word.
From here on out things are going to change, for the worse.
I'm proud to have him as a friend.
If I knew you better, perhaps I would have let you in.
It's in times like these that the character of a person becomes apparent.
I wish you could pass this pain you're feeling onto me.
You deserve more than that.
Pedophilia is a crime.
Paedophilia is a crime.
I missed you today.
The photographs are the same.
Medical science can save lives.
Caution, the doors are now closing!
There are some technical difficulties.
There was a fly.
He wouldn't hurt a fly.
He wouldn't harm a fly.
She wouldn't hurt a fly.
She wouldn't harm a fly.
It wouldn't hurt a fly.
It wouldn't harm a fly.
I still have some doubts.
Which type of player are you?
Which kind of player are you?
I was afraid that it might hurt her feelings.
Today is a special holiday!
You will surely get over it!
It's a matter of time.
Tomorrow I have my oral exam in German, which I'm not too bothered about. On Thursday, however, I have an exam on abstract algebra — specifically, ring theory — which I'm really dreading.
Looks like it ended once and for all.
It seems like this time it's for good.
If you're happy, it's best to just leave things how they are.
I have a dentist appointment.
The discussions are ongoing.
The discussions are still in progress.
I prefer to stay out of the middle of this.
Withdraw your remarks!
English deformed several words of French.
I suggest you put that weapon down.
I don't trust this Tatoeba group.
My records show nothing of interest out there.
Leave me out of this!
My grandfather, who has an old-fashioned attitude, complains about how girls dress nowadays.
Little is known about Pluto.
He spoke well of his son.
The goods will only be available to buy next weekend.
This run of good luck won't last forever.
This lucky streak won't last forever.
He got the runs in Mexico.
Suicide is an act of revenge against yourself, and I personally have nothing against myself.
I will get revenge for this insult, you can be sure of that!
There's nothing worse than the revenge of a spurned woman.
Revenge is sweet.
The role of politics is not to avenge what has happened, but to ensure that it doesn't happen again.
Get away from here!
Sometimes, in the still of the night, I imagine how much better the world could be if everyone learned Esperanto.
I broke open the door because I had lost the key.
Do you have a house in Italy?
My daughter is a communicative and inquisitive girl.
I propose to investigate the vegetation of the island in great detail.
A prayer is one way to appeal to a deity.
The vise is closing again.
Everyone in my family is happy.
I used to live in Bydgoszcz.
I lived in Bydgoszcz.
Leicester is a city in the East Midlands.
I like watermelon.
I am going.
Does anyone know what it means to die of thirst with the sea right in front of you?
This can be found in any dictionary.
The man was banging a blow-up doll.
This is even worse!
He is an albino.
He's an albino.
What are your reflections on this issue?
So many people spend their valuable time in vain.
Oops, I farted again!
Paul jumped everywhere, delighted to have won.
In order to bang a blow-up doll, you shouldn't have too sharp a dick.
Mistreated by his owner, this dog was a sad thing to see.
You've been spotted.
I don't waste ammunition.
I don't waste rounds.
Some people talk too much and do too little.
I wish there were more hours in the day.
You always deserved to get good grades.
He threatened me, but I wasn't scared.
He threatened me, but I didn't get scared.
We've never seen anything like it.
I've dropped a bomb on Moscow.
It was me who killed Kennedy.
She simply cannot keep her mouth shut, not even for a second.
But CNN has learned that, due to her husband's guidance, Kate feels she has already adapted to her new life.
"She would never judge her own accomplishments, but she has succeeded in achieving what she set out to do in her first year," the source said.
They are often together, and go to the opera or visit art galleries.
They get on well together.
In the documentary, CNN explores how the royal family has supported their latest member as she finds her feet.
The source made reference to Kate and the Queen being seen chatting and smiling together last March.
The Queen has gone to a lot of trouble for the Duchess.
When they were in Leicester it was obvious that they had a very warm relationship.
She has achieved her goals.
It goes without saying that he will come to the discussion.
It doesn’t matter whether he will stay with us or leave.
It is important that we build up our health.
The result of the invention of the steam engine was that human power was replaced by mechanical power.
He was injured in the leg.
A new classroom building was built in our institute last year.
He was considered very qualified for the job.
An old worker was found repairing machinery in the workshop.
Most letters from his wife were read to him by the nurse in the hospital.
The famous hotel was practically destroyed by a large fire.
He was dismissed by the boss of the factory.
Last year the region was visited by the worst drought in years.
They were given a hearty welcome.
The aggressors are bound to be defeated.
It's clear that we're going to the church.
We expressed the hope that they could go abroad again to study geography.
Then arose the question of where we were to get the necessary machinery.
He was allowed to go swimming on condition that he be kept near the other boys.
It occurred to me that he might be in the library.
Can you produce any evidence that he was not at home that night?
The discovery that electric currents can be produced by magnetism is extremely important in the field of electricity.
Smith replied that he was sorry.
He would remind people again that it was decided not only by him but by many others.
I feel that something is going to happen really soon.
I already sent an email to the Support department.
A vampire can paralyze people just by looking at them.
I was surprised, shocked even.
We took advantage of the day's nice weather to play tennis.
We spoke in a low voice to avoid waking up the baby.
We have to prevent such an accident from happening again.
That's why I don't approve of your plan.
The man wearing glasses is an old Chinese author.
He's the only survivor in the village.
Things are the same, but people have changed.
It's changed so much, there are some places I don't even recognise.
The city isn't the one I left six years ago.
In the darkness, she could hear him and his guests chatting and laughing.
We very much enjoyed the meal we had at her home last Sunday.
She likes all the dresses he bought for her, old and new.
People, old and young, all came out to greet the guests.
Every nation, rich or poor, has its strengths and weaknesses.
We felt full from eating the lobster and other seafood.
He was too embarrassed to utter a word in front of the crowd.
I waited for her for one hour.
He is not too old to do it.
Chinese is not too difficult to learn.
The change is too small to be observed.
An increase in the number of cars will affect the urban environment.
Turn the volume up so that the students at the back can hear.
He crept out of the room very carefully to avoid waking her up.
She wrote down their name so as not to forget it.
It's national tell-a-lie day! And yes, I made that up.
She wrote down that person's name so as not to forget it.
I fucked lots of friends.
I don't think I want to see what a fly considers paradise.
I'm going to Korea and weat to eat good food.
It's already been years since we met. How time flies.
It was a joke.
Him and me are cousins.
This is Ken. He loves his dog.
Burj Khalifa is currently the tallest building in the world.
A strong draft is coming in. Close the door.
A strong draft is coming in. Close the window!
You can buy the ticket from the vending machine too.
Please check the attached file.
In case something is not clear, please contact us.
With this cool autumn wind blowing, we can feel the change of season.
At last I finally arrived too.
It seems I made a mistake in the text message because I wrote it while transferring lines in the underground.
It seems I'll be late today too.
He translated this piece of writing on Zen Buddhism.
There is no stop between Suwon and Incheon.
You have to memorize this sentence.
The music is in balance with the structure of the movie.
The reason I'm saying this movie is good is that, not only is the artistic content good, the music is too.
The problem with this movie is that the violent scenes and the funny scenes are mixed together.
Who am I currently speaking to?
Starting is half the task.
How do you read this kanji?
Tanaka has said that he got up this morning around eight o'clock.
Who sings this song?
If there's a cheap kanji dictionary in Japan, I will buy it.
"That is an indiscrete question." - "There are no indiscrete questions, only indiscrete answers."
When he returned home, the kids were already asleep.
Some sicko chopper fucked up a lot of his friends.
May I ask you an indiscreet question?
Questions are never indiscreet. Answers sometimes are.
Is the patient prepared for surgery?
This surgery has a successful outcome.
There is little chance of success.
Only an immediate operation can save the patient's life.
The surgery is quite difficult.
Remove the bandage.
I think we're all a bit crazy.
She is powerful.
I'm not wasting rounds.
Love and desire are two different things; for not everything that is lovely is desired, nor everything desired worthy of one's love.
The books were so valuable that they were handled with the greatest care.
I speak from experience.
We're going to the cinema. Come with us.
I know which of these two girls you like.
Apparently, this still doesn't work perfectly, but the system may still be of interest.
You have made the same mistake.
Take as many peaches as you want.
He had long hair.
She used margarine instead of butter.
Iron is used in shipbuilding.
Iron is used in ship construction.
Do you want another cup of tea?
There is nothing more important than friends.
I am from China.
I don't want to watch television this evening.
The river's water level has risen.
He gave me an apple.
I don't go to school.
Yesterday there was an earthquake.
The atmosphere mostly consists of nitrogen and oxygen.
The telephone rings, but nobody answers.
The telephone is ringing, but nobody is answering.
The African elephant has bigger ears than the Asian elephant.
You need to be more careful!
Tom began to worry about how he would pay for his son's education.
The tap is off.
I'm a tourist, too.
Unfortunately, I already have plans for that day.
I worry about your health.
Unfortunately, I don't have time today.
Have you decided?
This book is written in simple English, so it's easy to read.
Osaka is Japan's second biggest city.
Osaka is Japan's second largest city.
My German friend's name is Hans.
Would you like me to make coffee?
It is hot today.
Greta is going to the embassy.
Last year, we traveled to London.
For years I have been struggling to reduce the sloppiness in our office to a tolerable minimum.
Which drinks don't you like?
It seems to me that the pictures speak for themselves.
Performance and responsibility are not in their vocabulary; sloppiness comes as standard.
Alcohol damages the liver.
I know your names.
The moon doesn't have an atmosphere.
There is no doubt about his honesty.
That is an excellent idea!
Chris can't come to work tomorrow.
There are no doubts regarding his integrity.
Thanks. See you next time.
Spring has arrived. It's getting hotter each day.
I have no opponents.
There is enough room for everybody.
If the right moment comes, then act swiftly and boldly!
We shall have the ability to respond rapidly and decisively to terrorism directed against us wherever it occurs.
Will Israel attack Iran?
Will Iran attack Israel?
At that time, Google Translator didn't exist yet.
Even if I don't get a high salary, I'm not willing to quit this way of making a living.
We take particular pride in providing efficient solutions.
This is between you and me.
This stays between you and me.
Women feel that men are often very complicated.
The rich have many friends.
I understand the sentence, but I'm not able to translate it.
Metal cases are undoubtedly tougher, but much more expensive.
For whom have you brought the bone?
Let's all drink wine at work!
That tree grows next to her house.
There are three dogs sleeping on mum's carpet.
I gave my books to those people.
We don't have any potatoes any more.
Why does nobody eat my potatoes?
Nobody wants to look for my car.
I thought there was nobody in the kitchen.
Nobody lives with me.
I'll find my car on my own.
He had to look for his room by himself.
I told her what he was doing in her room.
What did he do to my meat?
Do you want to hear what that person said about you?
That person thinks that my cat lives on the tree.
What does she think about my car?
Today, he is not allowed to eat anything sweet.
Why don't you want to tell us the truth?
That person doesn't want to do anything.
He doesn't want to wait for you.
She'll have to wait for him.
He has to wait until I bring him some warm milk.
Wait until I'm done eating.
She'll wait until you climb off the tree.
Wait until I sit down.
We had to wait until she found a chair and sat down.
I'm waiting for her to climb into her car.
Students study in school.
Today she learnt how to find out the real truth.
He read a really long book today.
What word is this?
Today, we'll learn three new words.
They bought a new car.
Where is your new tablecloth?
He didn't say anything new.
I read four new books.
What do you need four cars for?
Is that car too small?
Her students study too much.
I'm too hungry to study.
This tea is too sweet.
Bring her a plate of salad.
Where is my plate?
Where can I find them?
I don't like this store.
She saw them next to your store.
What kind of help do you need?
I like the colour green.
What colour are her eyes?
I don't like to paint.
She's painting her room white.
Why did you paint this wall black?
Do you really have no home?
She wants to dye her hair red.
She has very long hair.
What's the colour of her hair?
His mum doesn't remember what she found in that room.
The students didn't remember what they read in that book.
I can't remember where I hid my money.
Bring all your money.
Where's your money?
You can't buy anything if you have no money.
Why aren't you helping me at all?
Did you see how big their house is?
He still remembers you.
She's already forgotten about you.
Have you already forgotten me?
All the students forgot to read that book.
I didn't say anything wrong.
How much money do you have hidden under your bed?
Do you know how many cats she has?
She doesn't remember how many plates we have to bring.
How many people do you know well?
You forgot to tell me about that book you read.
The hospital is next to the school.
Can you tell me where I can find a hospital?
I forgot to buy one pillow.
What does your car look like?
Her hair didn't look dyed.
Why are you always so evil?
We'll teach you how to read.
She forgot everything and can't remember anything.
If you don't want to go there, then we won't go there.
If you don't want to read, then don't read.
If that car wasn't black then what colour was it?
Where do you live if you have no home?
He can't remember where he lives at all.
My mum doesn't know him at all.
I don't like my hair at all.
I didn't ask him for anything.
Ask her to give us some money.
She asked for your help.
He's asking you to help him.
Mum asked me to buy her a new blanket.
Where did you find their cat?
You can procrastinate and play with the settings on the massage bed!
Today is Friday, May 18.
Cats don't like dogs.
The car is moving fast.
Did you buy some potatoes?
Is he still sleeping?
It's warm under the blanket.
She wants to drink some warm milk.
She's heating the water.
It's very warm in my room.
There are two cats hiding under her car.
I bought myself a small car.
Her room is very small.
There's some milk in the small cup.
There's no sugar in my tea.
I bought myself a dog.
We've never lived here.
She doesn't live here any more.
Why don't you eat meat any more?
They will never find us.
This cat is not ours.
He doesn't know anything.
Your room isn't empty any more.
His car was empty.
He's sitting at an empty table.
The cat climbed up the roof of my house by himself.
She can read very well.
This book is very good.
Those students are from a very good school.
Where did you learn to drive so well?
Why don't your students read that well?
This carpet is very long.
Why is he sitting there for so long?
Why did he have to wait for you for so long?
They've eaten too much salad today.
Give me four white plates.
Don't eat from this plate and don't drink from that cup.
Teach them how to make a salad.
She's driving them to school.
Can you drive them here?
She drove them there by car.
Drive me to the store.
This store isn't very big.
He's painting his house.
Do you know when he'll learn to drive?
Why did you repaint your house green?
When will we repaint her room?
He always drives his car too fast.
He bought me a very fast car.
Help me learn how to drive.
Do you know his mum?
Everybody knows her.
Do you remember that store?
He doesn't remember whether that room was empty or not.
She doesn't remember if his car was yellow or not.
That person doesn't have any money at all.
Their apples aren't as tasty as ours.
I'll drive you to the new store.
I forgot where my school is.
If you've forgotten everything, then why do I remember everything?
We forgot to bring one plate.
She has one cat.
I don't know any of her students.
He knows me well.
How could I help you?
He doesn't know that I have a cat.
Do you have a table in your room?
Where did you take my blanket?
Why do you not want to tell him about her?
Why did your cats hide under the blanket?
I bought all the apples.
They all can drive.
All the apples are there.
There are two cats sleeping on the bed.
He hid behind the black car.
He's standing behind the wall.
Her bed is next to the wall.
This bag is not small.
He likes sweet tea.
I don't want to drink cold tea.
I've never drank milk with tea.
There's still some warm tea in my cup.
Your cup is on the table.
I want some tea without sugar.
Why didn't he buy a cup for himself?
We don't have any tea any more.
They don't have any sugar any more.
Why doesn't he have a car any more?
My cats aren't sleeping under the bed any more.
I don't drink milk with sugar any more.
There's nothing in my cup.
I don't have an empty cup.
Give your carpet to that person.
He didn't learn anything in school.
That room is very long.
They are waiting for you next to the long white house.
I bought four new tablecloths.
Buy four big potatoes for me.
Why is your cat so big?
He has large blue eyes.
When did she say those words?
When will you go to school?
When will we drive home?
When will we go home?
Her dog isn't very fast.
He never helps me out.
Why didn't she help you?
Help me find an empty room for myself.
I have to see it!
I'm sitting on a very small chair.
She's sitting in the kitchen and drinking tea.
He needs a cup of sugar.
Bring your cup to the kitchen.
That is not your cup.
They bought themselves some sugar.
Dentists examine teeth with x-rays.
It's already nighttime.
I have many Esperanto friends.
I have many Esperanto-speaking friends.
Some people try to explain the truth of the Bible through science.
In winter I like to eat chocolate.
The bread went hard.
Your English has improved considerably.
Look, calm down everyone and tell me: what happened?
The court judged that the witness committed perjury.
I hope I see it again.
He quit.
He resigned.
He spent three years in jail.
I'll never talk during class again.
Please follow the school rules.
She refuses to say more about it.
I was a child, I remember, my mother would rock me in the cradle.
What say you?
We both are friends.
Lions and tigers are called big cats.
It was the proudest moment of my life.
Despite the many tragedies she has had in life, she remains to have the pureness of her heart.
It was one of the quietest boats I've ever been on.
A raindrop splashed on her cheek.
I work.
Not trying is failing.
Sometimes I like a lie-in until noon on Sunday mornings.
I had been up all night trying to finish the presentation.
Please tell me when he arrives here.
All these apples are very sweet.
Why are you telling this to me now?
They are standing there and eating potato chips.
I did not learn everything I need to know in kindergarten.
You should not stay up too late.
The warranty for my TV is expired.
The cat is sleeping in a chair.
You realize it's very different?
I won't stake my reputation on it, but I think it's a genuine alien life form.
The little boy goes for a walk with his mother.
I would like to draw a tree.
This pasta is very healthy, in it you can find lots of vegetables!
It's just a fantasy.
This year, Valentine's Day falls on a Sunday.
Stay a while and listen.
Have you spoken with Tom yet?
You will know soon enough.
Third time's the charm.
Tom did a sloppy job.
I was caught with my pants down.
That's like a kick in the nuts.
Mary goaded Tom to do it.
Tom abandoned them.
The sanctity of this place has been fouled.
You are absolutely correct.
I felt the same way.
How may I serve you?
I do not fear death.
The king's son was kidnapped.
Prepare yourself.
It's hot down here.
It's always a pleasure to see you.
I can hardly believe it.
I must be getting close.
Please, don't kill me.
He served his king faithfully.
I am in your debt.
This does not bode well.
Does it offend you?
He's the king's most trusted advisor.
Tom is a traitor.
You are too late.
Do you want something?
We traveled together.
Greetings, stranger.
Maybe she can tell you more.
You have restored my faith in humanity.
I could do nothing.
Many were slain.
You must stop him.
I have misjudged you.
This is a great victory.
It is only suspicion so far.
But how are you going to decide what is important, and what isn't?
Everything matters.
I have gone into all the details of this thing whether they seemed to me relevant or not.
A committee is a group of people who individually can do nothing, but who, as a group, can meet and decide that nothing can be done.
All I know about humor is that I don't know anything about it.
I didn't even see you once last year.
Why am I doing this, you ask? It's because I can.
Procrastinating is an art.
The hardest university exam of my life is coming up: fluid mechanics.
He can speak and write French.
It's hard, but I'm going to make it!
One may live in a big house and yet have no comfort.
Where can I make a phone call?
Farewell, Cuba.
It's gravity that makes satellites move around the Earth.
There's plenty of time for one more nap.
The Pacific Ocean alone covers an area larger than that of all continents put together.
The piston does not come into contact with the cylinder cover.
This truck has a maximum load of tons.
I have received your letter and read it with delight.
I have received a letter from a friend.
The first electronic computer was produced in our country in 1941.
Beer is sold by the pint.
Milk is sold by the pint.
A square has four angles.
I'm not a poet; I couldn't write a single line to depict its beauty.
A goatherd drove his goats, all white with snow, into a deserted cave for shelter.
It was a stormy day, and the snow was falling fast.
She had scarcely finished speaking when he cut in.
It's getting hotter and hotter.
When pressure is lower, the boiling point is lower.
The snow lay on the ground, frozen into a thick, hard crust.
The night was cold.
I'll spend all afternoon listening to music.
Where have you been all afternoon?
I'm just doing it for the dragon's blood.
Dragons are creatures that are long like snakes, winged like birds, and wise like men.
If not, how do you explain the acceleration?
I'm not used to being treated like that.
I'm beginning to recall.
I just saw a shooting star.
Just looking at her, you can see that she loves you.
You don't need to know everything, you just need to know where to search.
Ouch, nobody translates my sentences...
It's Christmas, and the sun is shining brilliantly.
He was caught stealing apples.
Once upon a time lived a king who had three daughters.
Our team is seeded in the ping-pong competition.
The China National Table Tennis Team had a month's closed training in winter.
His brave actions are worthy of a medal.
This room is too big.
You can buy yourself a dog in that store.
Wait for me next to that tree.
Tell her to help him.
Our new car is not very big.
I hold Mary in the basement and rape her every day.
Everyone is capable of learning a foreign language, but it's all much easier for those with talent.
It's very likely that the bus will be late. Why don't we call a taxi?
Have you ever done anything right?
Even if I wanted to, I could never explain what happened in there.
For corn's sake!
I told her not to let the rope go, but that's what she did.
After spending four years in jail, he was set free for good behaviour.
Ask at the police station over there.
What is your maiden name?
I was wrong, you were wrong, and both of us need to correct this mistake.
They tried to use an iron bar to pry open the lock.
Opera in English is, in the main, just about as sensible as baseball in Italian.
He deserves six of the best for being so rude.
Whenever he moved, the wound sent pains all along his arm.
Take two aspirins for your headache.
The doctor has given her some tablets to take away the pain.
Be careful! There's a cow in the road!
I bought a dog for him.
He can't hear him.
Will you find me?
You are not allowed to leave here.
I like your cat, but she doesn't like me.
I need to find her.
I have to find her.
Who taught you that?
How did you find that book?
Take the cat to my room.
We would like to eat the lunch together.
My children are in school.
It's a skilful card player.
He stayed here for a short time.
We're under attack!
This will improve the performance.
We have added greater 64-bit server support.
That all you've got?
We at Tatoeba appreciate your cooperation.
People used to be afraid of the future. Today, it is the future that should be afraid of people.
Choose a good restaurant to go to eat at.
How do you calculate the volume of a cube?
People, like metal, only shine on the surface.
Children and drunks don't lie.
Tom embraces Marie.
Learning French is difficult.
This woman is very good looking.
It was only a nightmare.
All efforts have been unavailing.
I'm just doing my best.
In autumn, leaves change color and fall.
Termites are destroying the houses.
Have you ever been run over?
My favorite nonalcoholic drink is an avocado shake. Yum, it's so delicious!
Your threats don't scare me at all.
The path to Auschwitz was paved with indifference.
I build houses out of stone.
How are you doing, miss?
No, I am English.
No kidding?
It was Sunday and I wasn't about to get up early.
His last play was a big hit.
There is no antidote for the venom of this snake.
Christmas is just two weeks away.
I used to go swimming in the sea when I was a child.
Please hold my place in line.
Just the other day, with no time to send for help, many people lost their lives.
I'll miss you terribly if you leave Japan.
No, I'm English.
Is there any app for that?
You live freely if you don't have a reputation to lose.
Tuna quickly became Japanese food.
I don't like very long holidays.
That man is mulatto.
I'm mulatto.
I am mulatto.
Choose alternative questions.
Let me know the next time you will visit, so I can make some cookies, tea and coffee.
Did somebody hear something?
Did someone hear something?
Dreaming costs nothing.
It's a good camera.
"Are you Swedish?" "No, I'm Swiss."
He's got two cars.
He can do what he wants!
Finely chop an onion, some garlic and a chilli, and saute on a little oil until the onion is brown.
To be successful, you need to look like you're already successful.
Once you start dating the sleazy old professor, disillusionment sets in.
Avocados are the fruit of the avocado tree.
The eggs are still hot.
Call me Ismaël.
Kim is two years older than him.
It's the last one.
There was once a king who had three daughters.
Hey! Nobody is translating my sentences!
I like the rain and the snow.
I'm visiting my grandmother in hospital.
He's got a large family.
I like Korean cuisine.
I'll build a large building.
Please don't forget my name!
He's asleep.
Empowered, informed citizens are the scourge of any tyrant.
Who came to see us in Birmingham?
Anti-foreign sentiment is often stoked by the Chinese government in order to bolster cheap nationalism.
Take it down a notch, Bob.
You need to accept your role.
The guitar is so expensive that I can't afford it.
I want to write a book.
He made his will last year.
I know a good lawyer who can help you.
I love that you love me.
Fish is normally accompanied by white wine.
Could you send me your last catalogue, please?
A new bar has opened up near where I live. It's called "Wählbar", a German word. Funnily enough however, the staff can't pronounce it.
Why don't you give her some flowers?
She meant this gift for you.
If you want to earn money, America is the best.
I've never said such a stupid thing.
I'll have you committed.
He must be stopped at all costs.
Make haste.
This is a serious setback.
This is most unfortunate.
You will always be welcome.
Tom seems to know the way.
It goes in one ear and out the other.
I don't know how long it'll last.
You're new here, aren't you?
You must get going.
I must get going.
Thank you, my friend.
You have done well.
It is good to see you.
"An unfinished sentence" is a sentence unfinished.
Tom is the best at what he does.
I cleaned out the fridge.
I saw that you cleaned that nasty pot too!
The pot was mine.
I forgot about it again.
I was just gonna do it for you.
She painted a beautiful picture of her mother.
Mr Nakajima can, as well as English, speak fluent German.
Jehovah's Witnesses are known for their door-to-door preaching.
The tenant must pay the landlord the rent at the end of each month.
It's my horse.
Diving in the Philippines was incredible, but I'm excited to be heading back to Sydney now!
I apologize for being late.
How to say it?
We ought to go out tonight.
I've paid a little for that.
Nobody knows the future.
How about playing golf tomorrow?
Next week, I will probably read a book and watch TV.
My name's John.
I learned French, before going to Europe.
We have half a dozen eggs.
From space, the earth looks quite small.
I am sorry that I haven't written to you in such a long time.
How many times do I have to repeat that she isn't my friend?
Is this information correct?
I am looking for a book about medieval Spain.
Remember these rules.
He never breaks promises.
He never breaks his promises.
I have quit smoking and drinking.
It doesn't matter to me whether she lives in the city or in the countryside.
I don't understand why he didn't tell the truth.
It is very hot in the summer in Japan.
She brought me a cup of tea without sugar.
What colour is the car she bought herself?
What colour is the car which she bought for herself?
No one other than you knows how to make such a tasty salad.
The washing machine has broken down.
She cried and cried, but nobody came to comfort her.
This poor cat almost died of hunger.
Over my dead body!
This book is really old!
This coffee has a bitter taste.
Tom is doing everything he can to save money.
Tom is doing everything possible to save money.
She likes to go to the library.
She likes going to the library.
He found me a good place.
He found a good place for me.
Quiet!
I bought a return ticket.
The last Russian Emperor, Nicholas II (Nikolay Alexandrovich Romanov), was born years ago (in 1868).
You are the only one who can help me.
Mary is a strong woman.
The next morning, he was gone.
Don't believe him!
Tom did this to me.
There are museums in Kazakhstan.
You deserve a medal.
No, I am an Englishman.
I don't know any of those three.
I don't know anything about potatoes.
Her room has red walls.
The walls of my room are green.
I found her cat in an empty room.
All of your cats are grey.
There is nothing here.
He has two cars.
Sugar is sweet.
There are many parks in London.
She is buying a toy for her child.
I have the dictionary.
Is this bike yours?
We were playing in the park.
Some boys are swimming in the sea.
Tom giggled like a schoolgirl.
Look at what Mary is doing.
Tom likes Bloody Marys.
The barbells are heavy.
We finally did it.
Tom and Mary moved into their new house.
Tom worked day and night.
You've got the wrong person.
I have no idea what you're talking about.
He's just trying to be popular.
The Persian Gulf is located between Iran (Persia) and the Arabian Peninsula.
Iranian people strongly believe in the Persian character of the Persian Gulf.
Persian Gulf is an element of historical identity of Iranian People.
I came to kill him.
Take the chair to your room.
The reconciliation report was issued in violation of the legislative requirements.
