Bill is en route to New York.
He likes to sing and dance.
He asked me whether I like math.
He likes to travel. I do, too.
It's a pity that you can't travel with us.
Which do you prefer: this one or that one?
Truth is, I don't like him.
I have eight siblings.
Very few people live to be 100.
My dad keeps a journal every day.
Everytime I look at him, he smiles.
I am thankful for days with nothing to do.
Everyone needs to find his own path.
There is no doubt that he was murdered.
Quit gambling.
A fallen tree blocked the road.
Don't look for how to do it, find out how not to prevent yourself.
Whatever you write, it will be translated. People translate just about anything without even reflecting on what it is they're translating, or if it makes sense at all.
On a day like this, I don't feel like going outside.
Please put away this box for me.
The train arrived in London.
Sometimes I go and sometimes I don't.
If you need an umbrella, I can lend you one.
My mother always says she's going to visit me soon.
I am a translation system but I am not automatic!
The Sun regularly publishes articles covering state government.
The Governor, like many elected officials before him, does not always like what he reads in the newspaper.
The Sun has never claimed that the newspaper is error-free.
The Governor did not like the news reports relating to the transaction and viewed them as a personal attack.
He does not like what the journalists have said.
That, of course, does not mean that they are right.
The government officials do not like what has been said in the newspaper.
The teacher is very bad, but he is very crazy.
I am sure exploits will be found.
Usually I don't sleep a wink at night.
What’s the first movie that comes to your mind?
Evil always wins.
I can't remember it.
Turkey is the heir of the Ottoman Empire.
The Battle of Manzikert changed the course of the history of Anatolia.
I'm actually reading an article on how to focus.
Now hurry up and write your goddamn paper!
And actually, it was simple!
Monday definitely isn't my favourite day of the week.
Call an ambulance!
Could you please not smoke in this room?
He's eating lunch now.
I'm not sure, but he might come.
His data is not accurate at all.
His data is often inaccurate.
No, not me, but you!
It seems like it might rain this afternoon.
From reading good books we can derive pleasure, friendship, experience and instruction.
A good book can completely absorb your attention, to the extent that you forget your surroundings and even your existence.
Reading is one of life's great pleasures.
When you are cheerful, books can increase your happiness; when you are sad, books can lessen your sorrow.
No matter what your main purpose is in reading, books should never fail to provide contentment and satisfaction.
With a good book in your hands you need never feel lonely.
Whether the characters in a book are real or completely imaginary, they can become your friends and companions.
Think about pay day.
By reading books we can walk with the great and the good from every place and every era.
The people we meet in books can delight us either because they resemble the friends we hold dear in real life, or because they are unfamiliar people that we are pleased to get to know.
The chance of that happening is less than a thousandth of a percent.
The word "theory" is often misused.
Due to unforeseen circumstances, tonight's meeting has been cancelled until further notice.
It's forbidden to use this information commercially.
Our real life friends may sometimes bore us, but the friends we find in books would never do that.
By turning the page, we can dismiss the characters in a book without fear of hurting their feelings.
When real life friends desert us, books are always ready to offer friendship, sympathy and motivation.
What concept do we have of time? Does it move? If yes, does it move in a line, in a circle or in a different way?
She's wearing a black hat.
It sounded like water had got onto the cables somehow, and they were breaking.
It only took us fifteen minutes to complete the job.
It only takes about fifteen minutes to walk to the station from here.
It's only a fifteen minute bus ride from here to the airport.
It is suggested that the meeting be preponed.
The entire IT department has been bangalored.
Guillaume le Conquérant conquered l'Angleterre in 1066.
Tonight I feel like doing something!
I finally understand the skeletal system.
I am thankful for the holidays.
The holidays always bring everyone closer together.
I forgot about it.
William the Conqueror occupied England in 1066.
Hardware RAID is not managed directly by the operating system but by a dedicated card, called a RAID controller.
The configuration file for your database server is located in this directory.
RAID-focuses on reliability, at the expense of storage size.
RAID-achieves redundancy by mirroring data on several disks.
Before being able to write data on a hard disk, you first need to create a partition, then to create a filesystem on it, and finally to mount this filesystem.
My bora-fake-account-detector-3000-next-gen-deluxe-edition™ has recognized no "bora"-like pattern in his behaviour.
Do you know when sie is going for holiday?
Don't wait too long.
Leave!
I'm allergic to synthetic rubber.
The Karakoram separates China from Pakistan.
Everyone suggest me to stay in bed, but I want to go out and enjoy.
We know little of this matter.
The doctor prescribed two dialy doses to the patient.
You can call me this afternoon if you want.
Mystery prevails.
Did I ask you something?
This is not an alien, it's just a strange animal.
Why did ancient Egyptians love jewels so much?
The girl talked to trees.
I worked in this company for three decades.
There are four trash cans in the school: one for paper, one for plastic, and two more for glass and metal.
A cab crashed into a train this Wednesday.
Teeth whitening is expensive.
We must love our country as we love our parents.
If you do not have this book, you can buy it.
I'll explore the seven seas in a giant bucket.
Tom and Mary were not famous.
That's something that happens quite often.
The grass has to be blasted.
It's time for bed.
I'm not sleepy.
One day Mark Twain surprisingly confessed: "I am not as young as I was several years ago..."
I am thankful for technology.
This is gonna be wild!
Tom turns thirteen today.
The chair is too small.
Look around.
I have two big brothers.
I prefer this version.
I live in a giant bucket.
Hopefully they don't delay my flight like the others.
I love my language!
It's my bus.
You're doing it wrong.
Look what the cat dragged in.
He was always a rude man; not even his wife made him change.
This school offers English, French and Spanish courses.
Tell me when the body gets to the funerary parlor.
The people stood on their feet and began singing.
We're out of chairs. Would you mind eating standing up?
The chocolate is going to melt if you keep it out of the fridge.
Read the text carefully, then answer the questions.
What is a gadget?
The police are protecting it.
Google+ is a new social network.
Today we broke the record with visits.
I haven't eaten for two days.
Don't let them fool you.
The divers didn't make it back.
Clean the table already!
You can't trust computer translation.
Break the glass in case of emergency.
I'm here for a night.
You can always ride the elevator.
You have it in the bag.
Weather is nice for you.
Are you going in a group?
I hug you.
It has been wonderful.
It has been very beautiful.
Be like me and have a glass of wine.
Could you tackle this?
The buildings are drowning in snow.
I'm in India.
I am in India.
Not even you can dampen my spirits right now!
Tom and Mary don't get along because they have nothing in common.
I know she puts up with a lot from me.
How does that sound?
Those are all great ideas.
A vodka and lemonade might be the shot.
Welcome to the long night of cheese and wine.
Who is sitting at the other end of the table?
You didn't invite me.
I will be in New Orleans in April for my cousin's wedding.
It sounds like a great time!
You don't need luck.
It sounds like you had a great time.
Way to go.
Did you have a wonderful time in New York?
Anyone wants to pick me up from the airport?
This is an institution for the criminally insane.
Who's coming to the show?
It just got better!
Using English to communicate between Japanese and Chinese is not only ridiculous and ineffective but can prove very hazardous.
I have Japanese and Chinese friends who speak to each other in English since that is the only language they have in common.
Come on down, check it out!
He receives a high salary.
I want some paper.
He went to see her in the hospital every other day.
She looked him right in the eyes.
Stop playing with yourself!
This is my father's room.
This is my room.
It's not a big room, but it's beautiful.
In the wardrobe, there is... I'm not saying what's in the wardrobe; that is remaining my great secret.
A second mirror is hanging next to the door.
The girl hired by the shop to attract customers is quite cute and every time I go there I end up buying a lot of things.
She overslept.
He rocks.
His father is an impostor.
She rocks.
The weather report said that there will be thunderstorms tomorrow evening.
What's the commotion?
Her shyness makes me like her even more.
There was some dew this morning.
My mom is two years younger than my dad.
We've slid into an almost hopeless situation.
We are on the wrong track.
I'm sick of being sick.
I want to want.
I wanna want.
Sebastian Cabot was John Cabot's son and also became an explorer.
In 1497, Zuan Caboto explored Canada.
I adore my clients.
Did you vote yet?
Vote again then!
He is chavvy.
Throw the dice.
Do not copy-paste sentences from elsewhere, except if the content is CC-BY compatible.
I'll leave it up to you.
It's fun to play baseball.
I have a feeling that tonight is going to be a good night!
We have a little surprise for you.
Most migratory birds don't get why, once they've flown south, they don't just stay there.
He lost a book.
She lost a book.
The teacher demonstrated many physics experiments.
The teacher demonstrated many experiments in physics.
I have to prepare the breakfast.
They eat these things.
Who wants to drive me to Ambar?
My house is here.
Her father dedicated his life to science.
It's an obscene thing.
Be quiet.
I was thinking of the same thing.
Keep your eyes peeled, people.
We suck.
I like your techno dance moves.
I'll pick you up at 8am for the gym.
Aren't you in town?
Danger gives relish to adventure.
The war lasting for years impoverished the country.
Jules Verne's novels nearly gave the news from the future.
The Umayyad armies invaded Spain in 711.
Riding in a Ferris wheel is my favorite thing to do.
The way tourists dress offends local standards of propriety.
My grandmother lived with us.
What do you think I was doing?
Your apartment looks wonderful!
Many mistakes could have been avoided through simple experiments.
Tom wondered if he'd ever see Mary again.
The Ferris wheel is my favorite.
He left his team because he couldn't get along with the manager.
Who's the person sitting at the other end of the table?
Don't talk to him while he's studying.
Chinese characters are difficult to read.
I will never find thoughts of hope and dreams.
No matter how much you keep saying this is your house, please stop walking around naked.
Goodbye. I'll see you at the time we agreed on.
The patient's condition changes every day.
He's probably sleeping.
Turn your papers in.
I like reading.
What should I do next?
I ran so I would be on time.
I ran in order to be on time.
This bird can't fly.
He can't be trusted.
I can't drive a bus.
I can't read French.
You aren't supposed to swim here.
Why do we dream?
My dream came true.
Our dreams came true.
We have enough water.
Does he need to go right now?
Does he need to go right away?
He helped me move.
That house is for sale.
Do I have to come home now?
Everything has an end.
I won an award as well.
Something tells me they aren't going to last long.
He looks happier this time.
There is a dog!
There's a dog!
She is adorable!
She's adorable!
Nobody speaks like this in Germany.
Can't you separate fantasy and reality from each other?
He is a gentleman among gentlemen.
The point of play is that it has no point.
We're up against the wall.
He helped me to get changed.
I have already finished reading this book.
I've already finished reading this book.
A cat has two ears.
Of course not you; you're a woman — almost.
When I praised her son she listened very carefully.
One of the two has to go.
Students bustled about all through the night.
Students bustled about all night.
Everything is so precious.
Obviously my dogs will protect you!
You just made my weekend.
Thank you for finally explaining to me why people take me for an idiot.
Don't come near the bulldog in case it bites.
Don't go near the bulldog. You wouldn't want him to bite you.
She is rich, certainly, but I don't think she's very smart.
She is not beautiful, certainly, but she is good-natured.
Indeed she is not beautiful, but she is good-natured.
A person who is born in France is French.
We were lucky to have been born in the same galaxy.
It's not unusual that entire galaxies disappear all of a sudden.
Spiders, scorpions, and ticks are arachnids.
There were hundreds of ticks in its fur.
There aren't any problems.
We'll decide it like men. Bring the dice!
We'll need twenty dice to play this game.
Have you noticed blood in your urine before?
Have you been bitten by a stray dog?
You must be vaccinated against rabies.
The patient is unconscious.
Someday I'll travel all around the galaxy, in a giant bucket.
You should try to optimize your time.
"The New Testament" is the second part of the Bible.
We have an agreement.
"The Old Testament" is the first part of the Bible.
"Appointment with Death" is a crime novel by Agatha Christie.
It seems that Italians are prone to suffer from exclusive ailments that have no names in other cultures.
That sounds scary.
Soon it will be Christmas.
All it takes is concentration and solitude.
Insects are the only winged arthropods.
The past months have made me a very happy girl.
We have more room for activities.
I'm not your love.
I am not your love.
I'm not a man!
I am not a man!
They made a toast at his funeral.
I use Twitter.
Beetles, butterflies and cockroaches are insects.
I forgot I owed you money.
Despite his fame, he is not happy.
Most of an insect's organs are inside its abdomen.
Many people signed up for the contest.
Do you really need to hurry up?
If you want freedom, you'll have to face your parents.
Did you notice both pictures are very similar?
I got my notebook stolen.
I feel like a million bucks.
Do you feel all right?
You are gorgeous.
Chitin is a polysaccharide.
Tom lost his spectacles.
Father isn't at home.
After she had weaned Lo-ruhamah she became pregnant and gave birth to a son.
I'm a noob, shoot me.
Thanks, but I'm fine with her.
The conference went on according to plan.
The members told us about the strange experience in turns.
Where can I go to buy art books and catalogs?
We must be able to differentiate between objects and situations.
You look very beautiful.
He was born an artist.
He is a born artist.
My father isn't home.
This land is your land.
When will that occur?
You are looking quite inviting at the moment.
It looks so good!
The tree isn't ready yet.
It looks so festive.
Will you and Randy join us?
I'll be there soon.
I can't wait to hold you again.
I really just don't like Christmas music.
She is in an awful mood.
This video makes me so happy!
It looks like you guys have done some serious studying!
We used to be friends.
That was fast.
If anyone missed our November news, here's your chance to catch up.
I'm hating this weather!
I am hating this weather!
Where is he playing?
When an English speaker realises that a foreign person they are speaking to doesn't understand one of their sentences, they repeat it, the same way, but louder, as though the person were deaf. At no point does it come to their mind that their vocabulary might be complicated or that their expression might most probably be ambiguous to a foreigner and that they could reword it in a simpler way. The result is that not only does the person still not understand, but they get irritated at being considered deaf.
If you feel sick, you have to vomit?
The "Grey Wolves" are a Turkish ultra nationalist movement, neofascist, anti-Kurd, that denies the genocide of the Armenian people.
She seemed to be wallowing in her grief instead of trying to recover from the disaster.
She takes a new lover while he is in anguish.
Artistic genius is an expansion of monkey imitativeness.
Why when we are in love, we make each other hurt?
I am training to be a forwarding agent.
My parents had an arranged marriage.
I can't tell Tom and his younger brother apart.
I have an interesting curriculum vitae!
We'll have something for you.
What is some of your favorite new music right now?
My daughter's getting all gussied up for her first date.
The construction of the hospital is about to end.
I work on a building site.
She works as an office trainee.
She goes to vocational school.
What the mind of man can conceive and believe, it can achieve.
Such a book must have hit the nerve at a time when many were without jobs and had a poor perspective in life.
The sound footing of his book were interviews with more than millionaires and billionaires.
All this is simple and easy to understand.
It's already time not just to talk the talk, but to walk the walk.
He had to overcome a lot of obstacles.
This week he works the early shift.
Father is in the garden now.
Tom doesn't want to speak about his private life.
It was a cry of despair.
Many fear an uptick in the violence.
It is a notorious fact that the Monarchs of Europe and the Pope of Rome are at this very moment plotting our destruction.
You're drowning in a glass of water.
The conference went according to plan.
Whether you think you can or can’t, you are right.
In short, I disagree.
Our school is further away than the station.
At what time did you hear the gunshot?
Tom was the one who discovered the body.
I'm getting homesick.
Beatriz still loves Luis.
I'm indignant.
I am indignant.
I'm outraged.
I am outraged.
I want snow.
What problems arose for you?
What did you do about this?
What was the result?
Can you see an owl eating a delicious sewer rat over there? That's me.
That's very handy.
There's definitely something else.
Ah, that's much better.
Have some ham.
Our house is yours.
Air is missing!
Today we celebrate the life of one of the most amazing voices in rock.
We are grateful for the music he left behind.
Nobody wants to write sentences about armpits.
In Japan, radioactive cesium was detected in baby formula.
I have a corner in my heart just for you.
I have a corner in my liver just for you, alcohol.
This is the third time you trip on that today.
Try not to trip while you bring the dishes.
Forget it, those are just trivial details.
This deed became one of the most emblematic milestones of the Revolution.
A biochemist gathers mutants for everything as if they were ingredients for a recipe.
Don't put aside such an important detail.
Finding an optimal solution will take some time.
Finding the optimal for a numerical function can be an important challenge.
Don't leave evidence.
Don't leave any traces.
The entire colony will inherit the mutant DNA.
All those dots are viral focuses.
Genetic diseases are mostly uncurable.
Her family had a history of genetic diseases that dated back several centuries.
There aren't reports on this mutation because such a mutant wouldn't even born.
These are evidences of an ancient missing culture.
I like the color violet.
She's busy.
If you pass this test, you could graduate next month.
That's a lie!
Make sure you get twenty rat livers for this afternoon.
Don't spit through the window.
I've heard Italian is a tricky language.
This is easy!
I'm friends with him.
Me and him are friends.
Your life is in my hands.
The meeting ended.
Animals have sharp teeth.
Where did you see them?
Science is too hard.
It seems that Tatoeba is working properly again.
I had romantic ulterior motives.
Jenny has a gun.
Is this service available?
That was an awful day.
Everyone believes in victory, even when this is unlikely.
The hero became the villain.
The most famous supermarket is also the most expensive.
The floor tile split in four.
This station's gas is good and cheap.
Ethanol is an alcohol.
He didn't give her a bucket of roses, but he took her out for a coffee and talked to her.
I never drank anything but soda.
Whose lyrics are these?
Actually I know him, I just can't remember where from.
Digital cameras aren't as good as rudimentary cameras.
I want to leave, disappear, forget everything and everyone.
Comic books aren't as popular as they used to be.
She would probably do the same as he.
She was the first girl I'd ever kissed.
She knows English, Chinese, Esperanto and Morse Code.
I didn't like this game until I started winning.
Do you believe in such things?
I live in Tbilisi.
You are pregnant.
What is a god?
Tom was the first boy that ever kissed Mary.
The first boy to ever kiss Mary was Tom.
Tom has never been kissed by Mary.
Tom wanted to kiss Mary, but he didn't have the nerve to try.
What time do you think he'll come back?
Today I am very tired.
Automatic doors can be controlled more intelligently than is now the case. A newly developed control system opens the door only when someone is actually approaching. The door will remain closed if someone is merely standing in front of it or walking past.
The Franconian guest is entitled to be a little jealous when coming to the traditional holiday residence of High Society and the chosen homeland of rich pensioners, smelling the fragrant scents of the whole world at the flower market and walking past the Belle Époque Façades of famous noble hotels.
The lift is out of order.
You are very sexy.
Size doesn't matter.
How do you do?
The cobbler's children go barefoot.
The apple doesn't fall far from the tree.
All hell is breaking loose!
Speak of the devil...
No pain, no gain!
Success doesn't come easily.
No sooner said than done.
That's easier said than done.
In the land of the blind, the one-eyed man is king.
Keri is a gifted painter. Indeed, she has an extraordinary talent for painting.
You must go in the knowledge that sooner rather than later the great avenues will re-open through which free men will pass to build a better society.
Keep your eyes wide open!
Shut up. I'm on my holiday. All I want to hear is the birds singing.
The ambulance came a few moments after the accident.
We have a nice love story about ourselves.
Let's rehearse the fourth scene.
I really liked attending that school. Every day, Gustavo would bring the guitar for us to play and sing during the break.
Don't forget that wrong conceptions lead to wrong conclusions.
The father gave his own life in order to save his daughter's.
Stay with me, dad! I'm afraid of the dark.
In the Middle Ages, anyone who objected to the Holy Scriptures was put to death.
You don't give orders here.
We'd better go to another room. They'd easily hear us here.
Give me the keys so I can unlock the door.
Some say that Ramses II had six women and more than children.
I hope you'll pay more attention next time.
Three meals a day.
I have a terrible pain.
It's all over for us.
Have you received an answer to your letter?
Let's begin on page 30.
My car is now being repaired.
She's in the hospital now.
We have no extra money.
I have asked him.
First they ignore you, then they laugh at you, then they fight you, then you win.
You've hit the nail on the head!
What a waste of a day!
I don't deserve to be in college.
I can't write my paper when I can't find a stupid topic.
I can't stand the cold.
I have almost no money now.
The train leaves at six.
He's fresh out of college.
I lost my key somewhere around here.
As a singer, she's well known.
She's well known as a singer.
The dip was so hot, it burned my tongue.
They started working right away.
We have a big dog.
I wonder where Yoko has gone.
You can't buy happiness.
You should exercise.
You should get some exercise.
I chose to look the other way.
He lost his ticket for the movie.
I admit that I was careless.
Mike has two friends who are girls.
Mike has two friends who are women.
People over the age of are able to drive.
People over the age of can drive cars.
People over are allowed to drive cars.
He seldom went there.
He rarely went there.
He almost never went there.
She's wearing a nice hat.
She's wearing a cool hat.
She's wearing a great-looking hat.
That fact can't be denied.
I went there for the purpose of meeting him.
It's better to walk back than to get lost.
Stock prices fell quickly.
Stock prices fell sharply.
Maybe I know this person!
They're coming! Don't move a muscle or you'll ruin the surprise.
I confirm my presence.
My brother will kill me.
We work every day except Sunday.
We work daily.
We eat so that we may live.
We eat so we may live.
I wish I could dance every day.
It's illegal!
We heard this song before.
We love going on picnics.
What he said made us angry.
He was angry because of what she said.
What she said made him angry.
When does school let out for the holidays?
Shooting stars can fly across the sky in less than a second.
Sirius is a star brighter than the sun.
People threw eggs at the politician.
This computer is excellent, but it cost me a fortune.
Do you know the boy in the picture?
I finally passed that test.
I walk twenty miles a day.
Neither can I explain it.
The wonderful performance of this actress exceeded all expectations.
He is a warm-hearted man.
Is it raining?
Do you have a hobby?
I think she will come.
Is a skyscraper a big thing far away or a small thing close up?
Why do the five yen coin and the fifty yen coin have holes in the center?
I love walking barefoot on the grass.
I am eighty-five years old.
If I'd told you what goes through my head each time you do that, you'd quit it immediately.
Learn how to keep things in control from our expert.
You don't look bad in these pictures. You are that way.
I'm working tomorrow.
I said I don't like it, and that's final.
I can't tell pink from fuchsia.
Sorry, wrong number.
The Bible is the great best seller of all times.
He didn't order dinner yet.
She ordered three dinners.
She didn't order dinner yet.
I can't stand his comments.
I'm moving, so I need boxes for my belongings.
The text needs to be translated into Belarusian.
There's a fan on the desk.
There's a fan on the table.
It is true that Aristotle distinguishes the tyrant from the king by the fact that the former governs in his own interest, and the latter only for the good of his subjects; but it would follow from Aristotle's distinction that, from the very beginning of the world, there has not yet been a single king.
The pleasure of possessing is not in my estimation worth the trouble of acquiring.
A cheap wooden box was set on a chair.
Little Sophie was not obedient.
His wife and his son were already sound asleep.
They're so good, cream and hot bread!
Ah! Ah! Ah! A drunk squirrel! that will be very funny.
Please buy me a turtle, Mother, please buy me a turtle.
We're in the red this month. If we don't start spending less next month, we won't have any savings left.
The telega is a Russian vehicle, four-wheeled when it leaves and a two-wheeled vehicle when it arrives.
He passed the exam.
She passed the exam.
We need a new political science for a new world.
After death, there is nothing, and death itself is nothing.
When teaching, men learn.
Without an enemy, courage dies down.
In all matters, excess is a vice.
He who does not know how to remain silent, does not know how to speak either.
One vice leads to another.
Eugenie was sublime, she was a woman.
He who sheds his debts becomes wealthier.
Men are the reason why women don't like each other.
Tell me what you have and I will tell you what you think.
Love and friendship are mutually exclusive.
Generous people make for bad merchants.
I have seen in my time a hundred craftsmen, a hundred farmers, wiser and happier than university rectors.
I have seen in my time a hundred craftsmen, a hundred farmers, wiser and happier than university presidents.
I found this restaurant by chance.
I slept very well last night.
I slept soundly last night.
In the summer, eggs soon go bad.
Let me say this just once.
Let's go by taxi, OK?
Why don't we go dancing?
Let's go dancing.
My grandmother has become old.
I've never been this happy before.
Don't dump garbage here.
Don't throw garbage away here.
No one knows the reason.
Nobody knows why.
We enjoyed ourselves to our hearts' content.
We have to postpone our departure.
We are attracted to your personality.
We are charmed by your individuality.
He sent me an urgent telegram.
She sent me a most urgent telegram.
Walls have ears.
The strippers can't get away.
What about the combination of both?
You left us, mate.
What is Gestalt Therapy?
I cannot wish the fault undone, the issue of it being so proper.
When small men begin to cast big shadows, it means that the sun is about to set.
Though this knave came something saucily into the world before he was sent for, yet was his mother fair; there was good sport at his making, and the whoreson must be acknowledged.
I lost another chance.
It is my firm intention to do this.
Our friend lost her mum.
I don't think it gets any better than that!
During this period, there was a way to get into the French clubhouse without standing in line: you had to eat the products inside, but it was really expensive.
He was writing a letter while listening to music.
Please understand that, under these circumstances, we have no other choice but to find another buyer.
You have to read between the lines.
Her journey was delayed because of the train.
Why do you ignore me?
She bought a new car.
Making a living as a manga artist is almost impossible.
Their journey was delayed because of the train.
Have you read "Structure and Power - Beyond Semiotics" by Akira Asada?
Only a handful of activists in our union are getting on our backs.
Only a handful of activists in our union are getting on us.
I lost my grandfather to cancer this year.
My grandfather succumbed to a terminal cancer this year.
You must bow to your seniors.
Often, that old man plays with puppets. It's creepy.
Everyone loves puppets.
Now I'll demonstrate this proposal with puppets.
Beer is the answer, but I don't remember the question!
Here is beer.
I was gonna say a year.
After almost a month I still remember the word.
Don't wait.
How much does a beer cost here?
I love what you've done to your place.
An emptiness devours my heart.
Why do you hurt me so much?
Why do I not have the courage to find my own path?
Is that from a book?
Jiro Akagawa has written over novels.
Suzy has a large walk-in wardrobe.
The patient got over the critical stage.
I'm hanging in there.
That dog is really old!
These things only happen in Sweden.
The storm didn't cause any damage.
The sun shone brightly.
Turn him down once and for all.
What newspaper do you subscribe to?
Does it snow much in the winter?
Do you get much snow in the winter?
Does it snow a lot in the winter?
Don't lie. Be honest.
Don't lie. Tell the truth.
Don't tell lies. Tell the truth.
The road was blocked by fallen rocks.
Fallen rocks blocked the way.
Fallen rocks blocked the road.
He finally achieved what he set out to do.
He finally achieved his goals.
Our team returned home after a huge victory.
I didn't want to surprise you.
It's easy to work in jeans.
Let's leave early.
She'd never been this frightened before.
She'd never been so frightened.
Please write down what he says.
Strange rumors are going around.
She cut her hand with a knife.
She considered his offer carefully.
She and I have about the same number of stamps.
She has about as many stamps as I do.
She is really into knitting.
She came to like the new teacher.
Stay calm and do your best.
Exercise outdoors.
Take your time when you eat meals.
Eat meals slowly.
He really makes me angry.
Unfortunately, the report is true.
Unfortunately, the information is accurate.
The storm caused a power outage.
We lost our electricity because of the storm.
The train stopped because of the storm.
They spent an uneasy night.
Those shoes are old fashioned.
The pain of losing a child is indescribable.
We thought he was an American.
I thought about getting a tattoo, but I gave up on that thought.
It doesn't hurt so much.
Which of you will try it first?
Your cut doesn't hurt as much as before, right?
You need to respect the elderly.
You must respect senior citizens.
Old people deserve respect.
Her whole body hurt.
As for the surgery, it might hurt.
If labor pains hurt as much as people say, everyone would only have one child!
We expect good results.
Good results are expected.
My ears hurt.
The most painful thing for a mother is having to bury her own child.
Always keep your workplace organized.
Some religious men regard pain as a sort of trial from God.
Ants work hard all summer.
Stomachache is usually mistaken with bellyache.
She listens to religious music.
Have you finished your preparations for the trip?
Speaking of religious matters is a delicate issue.
The loss of her mother brought her pain and regret.
You complain and complain of backache, but you never visit a doctor.
Come here at exactly six o'clock.
Nobody should be subjected to pain or torture.
Come here at precisely six o'clock.
Many consider euthanasia a way to relieve a patient's suffering.
Grief is one of the worst forms of suffering.
The pain had affected his senses.
I wrote her a letter every day.
The news only brought the family pain and suffering.
My father quickly scanned the newspaper.
I'm sorry to say this, but you're fired.
I don't know if I could overcome so much pain.
He was saying his head hurt a lot.
The boy has complained of a headache for three days.
He admitted his defeat.
He stuck with his own theory.
I like seeing you glad.
The soccer game will be broadcast live at five p.m.
Later, we'll visit the aquatic park.
I'd never forget the moments we've spent together.
Did you see yesterday's total lunar eclipse?
This beer's taste is unique.
The detective has evidence of the crime.
They sleep in separate bedrooms even though they're married.
She wears flamboyant clothes to draw attention.
After he fell on the stage, the singer got the support of the public.
Incentives are always welcome.
Incentives always help.
As for chess, I just know the rules.
I know the rules by heart, but I'm not so good at playing.
He has no hope of getting ahead.
He was too embarrassed to do it.
He was too shy to do that.
He's agreed to do the job.
He's aware of his own faults.
He quickly scanned my manuscript.
He proofread my manuscript.
His house is near the subway station.
That person's house is near the subway.
His wife seems to be a foreigner.
How will you go to Osaka?
I've reduced the amount of meat I eat.
I lowered my meat consumption.
I don't eat as much meat as I used to.
I'm sure that you'll succeed.
I'm confident that you'll succeed.
He cannot be such a monster.
We have seen the best of our time.
It happened more than three days ago.
What serious contemplation are you in?
Do you busy yourself about that?
When did you last see my father?
I do serve you in this business.
When he returns from hunting, I will not speak with him.
Say I am sick!
Remember what I tell you!
I do profess to be no less than I seem.
I have forty-eight years on my back.
Why do you say it's a verb?
That calls for a drink.
He's rotten to the core.
That's the least of my worries.
We had to call in social services. This was obviously a case of child neglect.
Wisdom and goodness to the vile seem vile.
Don't you have more to say?
He took the guitar and started playing.
Get out of the way.
He smiles every time I see him.
Christmas shopping is way too stressful.
Save more.
Are you drunk?
He who fights with monsters should look to it that he himself does not become a monster. And when you gaze long into an abyss the abyss also gazes into you.
One is punished most for one's virtues.
What is done out of love always takes place beyond good and evil.
Madness is something rare in individuals — but in groups, parties, peoples, ages it is the rule.
To talk about oneself a great deal can also be a means of concealing oneself.
The vanity of others is only counter to our taste when it is counter to our vanity.
In short, systems of morals are only a sign-language of the emotions.
It's my pleasure to help you.
He never returned from that expedition.
The cave is full of fireflies.
As a child, I liked catching fireflies and putting them inside a jar.
Why does technology hate me?
Let's open our minds.
It is written in Polish.
He made up the history.
Do you have any reservations about our reservation on the reservation?
For the time being, we don't need anything.
For the time being, we need nothing.
Nobody knows what his destiny has in store for him.
What on earth does this have to do with me?
I'm no longer tired.
I don't feel like sleeping anymore.
We're late. It's time to leave.
What is written cannot be undone.
I don't like feeling helpless.
It will be entertaining, if nothing else.
Yesterday I spent the whole day working.
My sweet darling, I miss you so much.
I want to see your expression.
I wanna see your expression.
I'm afraid of going blind.
I have some news for you!
I really miss you a lot!
I saw your progress about your dentist career and I'm really happy for you!
I think it's time to do my homework.
I love martial arts!
I used to dream of him.
She said everything will be over between us.
This is an illegal procedure.
How long are you here for?
It doesn't take long to get to his house.
He never stays long.
We waited for a long time, but you didn't arrive.
I didn't speak for long.
Learn to speak English in a short time!
Our flight arrived one hour late.
He likes to explore underground caves.
Four people were reported to the law.
We cannot learn Japanese without learning Kanji.
That's the best paper I've read so far.
My mother is out there.
I know a man who has many faces but only one hat.
My friend became accustomed to the way things were in France in those days.
She has seen a lot of crazy things but this one took the cake.
When you hear her stories you really must take them with a pinch of salt.
Only a true artist would agree to sing for his supper because he knows it would taste better that way.
I see smoke circles rising.
I can give you the starlight and a cup of tea.
Mushrooms are not for rent and the gingerbread house is not to let at the moment.
I made an appointment with destiny and then forgot it. I wonder if he's waiting for me?
His designs have broken new ground but his wife doesn't know it.
What is the point of a blue apple in that painting? Your asking this very question.
Don't let him down.
Nature is wonderful, but it goes unnoticed daily.
Did you read this journalist's scandalous article?
I have a parrot in a cage.
The lions roared in their cages.
Portugal has decriminalized drug possession for personal uses.
She just pulled your leg. It's a joke.
Mum! Can you pass me the toilet paper?
Can you clean your bedroom?
Does anyone want a beer?
Oh God. I'm not looking forward to cleaning the bathroom.
My laptop has been running so slow lately.
Even if you had studied a lot you would not have passed the exam. It was too difficult.
Sound familiar?
When you're mad, count to ten before speaking.
What is your house like?
Your uncle, a journalist, used to write for the Folha.
What would life be without hope?
"Mom, can I buy me an ice cream?" "No way, because if I let you, it will spoil your dinner."
Complete the formula here below.
Are you people lost?
Once you've started something, don't give it up.
Mr Wood didn't have any kids.
My office is a pigsty!
In an equilateral triangle with vertices A, B and C, the distance from A to B is the same distance as from B to C, or from C to A.
One day, all children in Malaysia will have the opportunity to attain an excellent education.
Your nose is in my mouth.
You broke into my territory. Now I must shoot you.
Divers or frog people have an air container on their backs.
I want neither meat nor fish.
How are you smiley.
The Japanese eat three times a day.
What's important is that she stayed at my side.
I don't express myself well in words.
I don't express myself well verbally.
She likes humiliating people.
"This conversation never occurred." - "What conversation?"
"This conversation has never occurred." "What conversation?"
Are you still here? I thought you were already gone.
I watched TV only to waste an hour.
There are no grammatical mistakes in this sentence.
I bought a book of jokes.
The little child was subjected to violence from his stepmother.
I cannot solve this problem.
I saw the stars; they captivate the eye, and their beauty is beyond comparison.
Joking is undoubtedly the best way to learn.
Investment in education is undoubtedly the only effective way to bring a country out of poverty.
Hands up! This is a robbery.
If you don't smoke much, it will be better. If you don't smoke, it will be much better.
When does the exam start?
What time does the exam start?
He passed away several days before his hundredth birthday.
If you want, you can go.
All the world wishes to have peace.
The entire world wishes to have peace.
The entire world desires peace.
Stop monkeying around!
Michael Jackson was a whisky expert.
An old man has a long gray beard.
Ah! What a beautiful flower!
I'm 1.meters tall.
I'm sure he'll go.
There is no other choice.
This is the only alternative worth considering.
I'll just have a glass of water.
I guess I miss you too.
I haven't broken a Christmas ornament in years.
Where have I been?
I like to be a redhead.
She became famous after having written the screenplay for that movie.
This is the dilemma.
It's the secret for improving oneself.
It is the secret for improving oneself.
I have seen loads of concerts.
I've seen loads of concerts.
I think highly of your mother.
These kids are always restless.
I'll ask whether he wants another drink.
Do you know who did it?
Marcia works at the best salon in town.
The young chemist decided to open a pharmacy.
"Time is gold" a true idiom.
Petrochemicals are chemical products derived from petroleum.
I don't want to cause you any trouble.
I don't want to cause you any problems.
Excuse me, I didn't understand you.
This wallet is made out of paper.
I'd rather avoid it.
I'm really jealous of your life right now.
People love to talk.
Why are you ignoring me?
I went to see a show today.
Thanks, I'm full.
Good thinking!
I eat sauerkraut every morning.
His sisters as well as he are now living in Tokio.
This is probably a real diamond.
This is a real diamond, isn't it?
My parents taught me to respect my elders.
I'm a make-up artist. I can turn any girl into a beautiful woman.
His office is near the train station.
I haven't used Anki for a week, and now I'm behind by cards.
Have you ever served as a witness in a court case?
Today I went to university to study. Tomorrow I will go again.
The weather today is great, but lately it's been raining all the time.
We haven't finished eating the watermelon yet.
If it wasn't for music, the world would be a dull place.
I love how green everything gets down there in spring.
The roof was torn off due to the strong winds.
Why don't we go and see a movie?
I got a new girlfriend; you didn't know?
It is time to get up.
Oh no!
"Be quiet Mie," said Mom.
When I was playing video games in the living room, my mom asked me if I would go shopping with her.
That is, my dad is two years older than my mom.
Face facts!
My mom advised me to take a walk for a change.
The clock struck half past 12.
Master rang the bell.
And then, he chased the cattle, the sheep and everyone out of the temple.
As is often the case with educated people, he likes classical music better than popular music.
I had a good sleep till ten.
It would be awesome to have a script which looks for sentences, searches for translations, and concatenates the audio files.
Are you on your way to the tennis court?
She doesn't mince words.
I do not mince words.
I'm depressed.
Is it raining right now?
When I was a student, I was the worst at composition.
That's what I expected it to be like.
The clowning of boracasli has become the motor of innovation for security on Tatoeba.
It was impossible to come up with a really satisfactory solution.
I'm positive you won't be refused.
I'm absolutely certain you will not be refused.
I'm absolutely certain that you will not be declined.
I'm positive you won't be declined.
He managed to swim across the river.
Shall we play cowboy and Indians? I declare myself a sheriff, and you all must obey me.
There were no more free seats.
This cellular phone is really expensive.
This cellphone is really expensive.
This mobile phone is really expensive.
Women are meant to be loved, not to be understood.
This cell phone is really expensive.
Your possessions possess you and will hardly make you less dependent.
With whom are you talking?
He needs a new knee.
If something ridiculous occurs, then press down on the red button.
Push the red button if something strange happens.
One should treat his teachers with respect.
One's teachers should be treated with respect.
His teachers should be respected.
One should respect his teachers.
He has a white cat.
We could live in peace here.
I will email you after I check it thoroughly.
I ate a nutritious breakfast.
I had a healthy breakfast.
I had him repair my watch.
I had him fix my watch.
I sometimes hear rumors about her.
People believe what they see.
I built this doghouse by myself.
What a beautiful night!
This is a doghouse that I made myself.
This is the doghouse that I made myself.
He built a doghouse with his son on Sunday.
I used to often take walks along that river.
That red-roofed house is my uncle's.
She was able to be ready early this morning, because she finished packing last night.
That house with a red roof is my uncle's.
Papa, let's have a face-to-face laugh battle!
Dick got in a traffic accident.
Dick was in a traffic accident.
Dick was involved in a traffic accident.
He was involved in a traffic accident.
Daddy, let's see if you can out-stare me.
Daddy, let's have a staring contest.
Ready, rock-paper-scissors! It's a draw!
I want you to kiss me.
Daddy, let's make faces at each other and see who can keep from laughing the longest.
The natural sweet-fish broiled with salt is absolutely terrific.
She's assertive.
She's strong-willed.
You believe he is a good doctor, and he is indeed.
How many stars are visible with the naked eye from earth?
The box fell apart due to the weight of the load.
Tom will never admit to being wrong even if he knows that he is.
Our dorm's heating system isn't working properly.
I have a sore throat. Do you have a cough drop?
She's a precocious one eh?
Whether we win or lose, I won't have any hard feelings.
I stared at papers all day today and now I'm tired.
My three-year-old niece kissed me on the cheek.
If that's true, then she's better than me.
It's like he has this special skill of hitting pressure points.
Chang-Yong Lim, the straight pitch that wriggles like a snake.
You shouldn't keep towels and cleaning rags together.
The price of my dress' fabric is Euros per meter.
I asked her for her address.
We live near the large library.
It has been getting colder and colder, and I spend much more time in my futon.
That hotel has a homey atmosphere.
Dawn clears yesterday's dreams away.
Dawn's dew evaporates in the mild sunbeams.
Before the rooster crows, you will deny me three times.
Is it raining now?
This chair is broken.
When I was in school, I really hated writing essays.
He plays there.
Play there.
He wasn't a photographer!
Any ideas will be appreciated!
I thought it was a good topic.
I have already written about it.
Dinner is almost ready.
Follow that car.
He doesn't watch TV at all.
What is this river called?
I would like to walk along the river.
He's not in.
Commodity futures markets have become highly speculative.
He promised to come, but he didn't come.
It was a church event.
Only my best friend would understand my love for minions.
These things only happen to me.
I was at home.
I agreed with his plan.
I went, too.
I am a member of the basketball team.
I'm expecting a letter from her.
I'm leaving town for a few days.
I'm not a doctor, but a teacher.
I'm taking tomorrow afternoon off.
I showed my ticket at the door.
No one told me that he had failed.
No one told me that she had failed.
She has about 2,books.
She waited for him for two hours.
Give me the slippers! Hey! Give them to me!
He's a historian. He's now studying the structure of war.
This vitamin boosts your immune system from diseases.
That's a really great idea.
I wholeheartedly admire your understanding of Chinese.
Suzanne is the girl over there speaking with Jan.
It feels like translating has not become very enjoyable.
This does not look like studying.
You shouldn't complain because you'll look ugly.
The weather has been on and off here for a few days.
Now I recognize you!
You are embarrassing!
You're embarrassing!
You must not be a virgin, right?
I miss Italy.
What the dickens?
I feel like translating has become very unenjoyable.
You're not an innocent girl, are you?
I have the feeling that translating has become very unenjoyable.
I feel like somehow I've stopped thinking of translation as something enjoyable.
Mandarin is spoken by more people than any other language.
I burnt my finger when some popcorn burst.
I burnt my fingers while I was preparing popcorn.
Ants and giraffes are distant cousins.
Ants and giraffes are distant relatives.
I'm in the other ambulance!
I want to watch television.
I looked for you everywhere and didn't find you.
Do you find me a cool guy?
Do you think I'm cool?
Do you think of me as a cool guy?
Let's go to the field and fly kites, what do you say?
Don't exaggerate now.
Hick the woodcutter cuts wood.
I wonder whether I should be proud or ashamed that there is no information about me on the first five pages of internet search results for my name.
You can add sentences that you can't translate yourself. Maybe someone else can translate them!
You should start from books similar to the ones you can already understand easily.
I want to go see the streets.
Make your students read books that make them think more.
Stop showing off!
Surely he is a sharp boy.
He had scientific attainments, but he didn't even know it.
He is certainly independent of his parents.
You shouldn't read books that are harmful to you.
You shouldn't read magazines that are harmful to you.
Pirates made unarmed merchant ships prey.
She lives near the beach, but she can't swim.
I have some time.
Let me pay.
Don't show off.
Don't cry before you get hurt.
We have to save him immediately.
Don't scream before you get injured.
I heard you are going to get married.
She swims well.
She lives near the ocean, but she can't swim.
Putin declared that Internet is bad for people because it's full of paedophiles, while admitting never using it himself, for lack of time. No doubt that without Internet, Russia is heading for a bright future.
A man who never makes mistakes is a man who does nothing.
While we were busy, hours passed again.
Nowadays, that side parted hairstyle is rare.
It is impossible for me to cleanly crack an egg with both hands.
Err! Sorry, you are incorrect!
Here comes inaction and we don't know how to stop it.
is an extremely unlucky number.
I don't like unrequited love; I want our love to be mutual.
I don't care whether he is rich or not!
I am a sensitive person, you know.
Even you are a guy who doesn't know when to give up.
Booze is the answer, but now I can't remember the question.
I don't care whether she is beautiful or not!
In any case, I don't like it because I don't!
No one has ever said such things to me.
Everyone has their own style.
If you act like that, he'll think you hate him.
I can't check to see if your email is correct or not because it's too short.
If you can't make peace with yourself, how are you going to make peace with anyone else?
Many are convinced that he is resistant to advice.
Many people are convinced that he is "advice-resistant".
It's not the end of the world.
I'd be more scared of the woman in the bath!
What can't be cured must be endured.
What's the weather like where you are?
They don't sell it.
The pain went away because I took the pills.
Because of the pills I took, the pain went away.
They worked like bees.
We can forgive, but forgetting, it's impossible.
We can forgive, but forgetting is impossible.
To he who is sick, honey has a bitter taste.
The following day, Sophie combed and dressed her doll because her friends were coming over.
Transplants save lives.
Two in distress make sorrow less.
The inscription reads: "Defend the children of the poor and punish the wrongdoer".
Eventually it was possible to find a really satisfactory solution.
It's commonly supposed that all fairy tales are stories from the folk tradition, passed through the generations by storytellers since the dawn of history.
I dare do all that may become a man; who dares do more is none.
As happiness doesn't exist, we shall try to be happy without it!
As happiness doesn't exist, we must try to be happy without it!
The fables written by Hans Christian Andersen, the most famous Dane in the world, made him an icon of world literature.
Easter begins next Wednesday.
Don't go beyond the permitted maximum speed!
The voice is not enough; we want also to see your facial expression and body language.
Today I'm going to run fifteen kilometers!
I'm going to run fifteen kilometers today!
Roads in the country aren't as busy as those in the city.
Country roads aren't as crowded as city roads.
His fairy tales made Hans Christian Andersen, the most famous Dane in the world, an icon of world literature.
What have we done to be punished like this?
I can't stand hearing that shitty song anymore!
I leave life to join history.
The TV host said production would get in contact with me to deliver the award.
In addition to the police, the firemen had to make their appearance, too.
I leave life to enter history.
She has her father's eyes and her mother's nose.
I think it's great that you got that job.
We galloped our horses over the hill.
Judy is a very clever student.
You should take care of yourself.
People tend to raise their voices when they get excited.
People have the tendency to speak more loudly when they get excited.
That old man caught a large fish.
We were caught in a traffic jam on the way.
What's the best way to travel?
Not all of the boys laughed at him.
All of the boys didn't laugh at him.
As a pianist, he's much better than I am.
Please keep on working even when I'm not here.
Keep on working while I'm away.
It was hot, so I turned on the fan.
He doesn't do stupid things like that.
He owns this land.
He seems to have no sense of humor.
We are the terrible judge at the end of the world: pray for wisdom.
His wife was nowhere to be seen.
How's that business going?
Margit was born in Bordeaux in 1908.
I was disappointed with those results.
I'll begin doing the job right away.
Jane became taller than her mother.
Just seeing it made me nervous.
The last time I saw him, he was very healthy.
He bowed to me as he left the room.
Lisa has a grudge against Stan.
Lisa holds a grudge against Stan.
Wow! What a big box!
She is the Prime Minister of Finland.
He felled a tree in his garden.
I think I should leave.
Three times four is twelve.
Eight plus two is ten.
Ten minus two is eight.
Twelve divided by three is four.
I think that my head is not empty.
And I answer: no.
I didn't even kiss her.
It was too expensive.
You're not entirely wrong.
We have no clue where he is.
Everything must come to an end.
Is it really true?
I understand that.
What are you called?
She couldn't keep from crying.
What does one call you?
She couldn't help but cry.
She couldn't stop the tears.
Why is he hiding?
We should go inside the house.
She treated his broken leg.
She didn't know what to do.
I bet he isn't telling the truth.
The story begins a long time ago.
The town has many tall buildings.
That town has many tall buildings.
There are many tall buildings in that town.
The wound left a scar on his arm.
The wound left a scar on my arm.
The wound left a scar on her arm.
Every time they talk, they argue.
This book is interesting.
This offer is available for five days.
This offer is good for five days.
Tom lives in our neck of the woods.
Tom is beginning to recover, but he's not out of the woods yet.
It isn't really helpful to translate word by word.
I wish you a speedy recovery!
Wan is prettier than her younger sister.
Siu-Yin is prettier than she used to be.
I don't feel well today.
Let's put it to the test!
Be a sport and wake me up tomorrow at six o'clock in the morning.
Shall we have a snowball fight?
What a plonker!
Let's not get lost in details.
I want more of that.
I should like to thank you for your cooperation.
I went to school by train.
I went to school at 8:30.
I have a son and a daughter. He is in New York, and she is in London.
It's great here!
Of course, she was right in the middle.
The last thing this country needs is bar-room politicians.
I gave you my life.
Now I offer you my death.
I fear nothing.
I fought against the exploitation of Brazil.
I have fought with my whole heart.
I had to resign.
Serenely I take my first step towards eternity and leave life to enter history.
He was trepanned.
It went off with its tail between its legs.
He went off with his tail between his legs.
Does your car have a spare tyre?
I would like to thank you for your cooperation.
I would like to thank you for your collaboration.
I sometimes wonder if it's truly for the best.
I'd like to have a cat.
Stop playing pranks on me!
If I feel inclined to, then I will try to contact the manager.
I must go to work early today.
Next week I'll have the late shift.
She is the only woman at her job.
I'm sorry, I know what I said earlier, but forget it.
For some reason, I'm happy when I see doubles.
When I'm hot, a glass of cool water really refreshes me.
Felipe has two cars and one bike.
Felipe has two cars and one motorcycle.
I will construct a wooden building.
I want to speak in Lojban.
I'm failing at my job.
I don't want to say "hello".
I get tired due to my old age.
Tatoeba was temporarily unavailable.
My favorite pianist is Frederic Chopin.
War is a terrible thing.
Is there a cat on the desk?
Are there some cats on the desk?
Are there some cats on the desks?
You eat food.
Do you like New York?
People walk naturally.
No, I can't understand the fashion because I don't watch TV.
Stop complaining!
I am tired of hearing you moan and groan.
Glass has the ability to be broken under pressure.
I hate exercising.
He likes to just sit around and play video games all day.
What's with that mismatched dress?
I can't believe I signed off on your fuckin' E-5!
I wish you a quick recovery.
I fell asleep with my laptop on.
Wow, I'm a fucking retard.
Damn, it's chilly out.
You want to hang out or something?
I suppose I could do that.
I am going to take a shower first, since I went running last night and didn't take one afterward.
He's in the hospital.
He is young but clever.
Eggs should be boiled for at least five minutes.
We could go travelling for a few days.
You'd better lie low for a few weeks.
Could you help me for ten minutes?
He can borrow my moped for a few days.
The police will pursue her for a long time.
She goes online for several hours every day.
You should sleep for eight hours a day.
Waiting for too long makes most people annoyed.
Not seeing them for a whole month makes me sad.
Giving up drinking for a year is healthy.
I watched TV for two hours yesterday.
When you get there, wait for a while.
I'll go out after I've rested for a while.
I slept for eight hours last night.
We’ve been waiting for hours.
I've known him for ten years.
They’ve been watching that film for ages.
They haven't slept for forty-eight hours.
We haven't seen him for over ten years.
It seems classes began yesterday.
Most seagulls are carnivorous.
Seagulls are mainly coastal birds.
Seagulls nest in colonies.
Seagulls can fly over great distances.
Usually, seagulls make long-lasting couples.
I thought he would come to church with us, but he decided to stay home.
We stayed around the bonfire telling jokes and horror histories.
I can't understand why do you insist all the time in inviting her.
This dog barks a lot.
A cookie is under the table.
The cookies are under the table.
Did you live here?
Did you live here before?
No one is illegal.
His ID was fake.
What a beautiful Sunday to read in the sun.
She won the beauty contest.
I'm an old man.
He has a phobia of Jaffa Cakes.
I'm going to wash my car.
I don't want to lose my deposit.
We must devote ourselves to our work.
Is there an app for that?
He receives subsidised student loans.
Can someone tell me where the keyboard is?
You have two options: São Paulo and Rio de Janeiro.
Ekkehard wants a model train for Christmas.
The name of the city of São Paulo is written in Spanish also as "San Pablo".
I'm a Trojan, so I infected your Mac!
What shall I add?
Women's rights are human rights.
I've never been so tired.
The "kebab murders" appear to be solved.
Is the GOP to blame for the current economic crisis?
Don't make such a racket!
Farting in an elevator is wrong on so many levels.
I'm utterly convinced of it.
What's bugging you?
The voices calling for Wulff to resign are getting louder and louder.
He's a tycoon.
The Constitution was proclaimed during the dictatorship.
He's not sick.
Forty people can't fit in here.
Could you come to tomorrow's meeting?
We played better.
If the spectators made fun of the other team, then it would weaken their morale.
We are wishing from the bottoms of our hearts, that he and everyone passes the admission examination.
Our progress was put in check.
He is condemned to live in a wheelchair.
He said "kia ora".
We are subscribed to the Asahi paper.
The family members nursed the patient in turns.
Flags had been hoisted on the eaves of houses.
Yesterday, there was a traffic accident in front of the house.
I had barely got in the house when the phone rang.
We couldn't help but think that he was dead.
We must prepare so that we will regret nothing.
We did not help him, so he made it by himself.
We went together to Laramie, but then we split up.
I had barely got into the house when the phone rang.
There is an unexpected item in the bagging area.
We had no choice but to put up with it.
The only thing we could do was to bear with it.
As soon as I got home, the telephone rang.
We had no choice except to put up with it.
Why did you buy the same camera I have?
It's meant to be summer.
I can see you are having an awesome time.
There's nothing left to lose.
That took longer than I expected.
I secretly hoped this would happen.
You know why!
I mainly participated in the working group "environmental protection and sustainable agriculture".
I'm not one hundred percent convinced of that.
The woman hugged the baby.
They hate each other from the bottoms of their hearts.
You too can easily become a millionaire... if you are a billionaire.
There are many wild animals in this area.
There are many wild animals around here.
Frankly speaking, I don't like him.
Frankly speaking, I don't like the idea.
Do you drink tea or coffee?
How many Chinese friends do you have?
Is it far?
I don't have change.
We've picked the winners!
It is really cheap.
I always went to Miami in the summer.
No matter what happens.
How much do I owe you? - Four euros, please.
No matter what it is, we must persevere.
Our teacher is strict, and yet, he is kind.
Our company's showroom was a hit with the ladies.
No matter what happens, my determination won't change.
You probably already know about our company.
How much do I owe you? - Four euro, please.
We live near the border.
Do you fancy going for a bike ride?
I'd like to come along.
I'm already done.
We have to do our best.
Could you please call me back tomorrow?
We took the first step. Now we just have to keep going.
Anna knows by heart the first thousand decimal places of π.
Let's go to the cinema.
We have no idea where he is.
We have no idea about his whereabouts.
I also recommend to visit at least one city which is usually not visited by tourists.
I'm writing that on behalf of our friends who passed away.
They were established to celebrate a certain event or to tell an age-old legend.
I haven't eaten for many days.
I haven't eaten anything for days.
He drinks tea and listens to music.
They haven't slept for forty-eight hours already.
Last month I renewed my driving license.
We can't add days to our life, but we can add life to our days.
The king abdicated for health issues.
Minors can't come in here.
The priest frantically came into the church saying he had a message from God.
If you teach me your language, I'll teach you mine.
He was imprisoned.
You can't get back the wasted time.
Everyone was discouraged after they got their results.
Some people made fun of my situation.
There was no chance to finish the job on time.
Don't ask me why but, he ran away when he saw me.
If I were you, I'd stay away from that.
The U.S. Postal Service could shut down as early as next year.
It's supposed to snow tomorrow.
Berlin is the capital of Germany.
I don't wish that on anyone.
If something looks too good to be true, it probably is.
That was yesterday.
That's the last thing I want.
I'm very worried about you.
The city of Aachen is administered as an independent district.
It's making me nervous.
This product is intended for private use only.
Do you believe in the Evil Eye?
I'll give you a short text in Esperanto and enough vocabulary for you to translate this text into English.
Thanks for all your comments!
There are certainly some points worth considering.
You've all been part of a valuable and worthwhile cause.
She has a book.
Tom bats 4th in our team.
There are many people trying to buy houses.
How many nights will you stay?
He hates singing in public because his songs are kind of bad.
Anything is possible.
Something is encompassing me.
I will try to eat it in one bite.
I tried to investigate his opinion indirectly.
Where is the closest travel agency?
Where is the closet travel agent?
There are no perfect women, nor perfect men.
In music, he is a famous critic.
I looked up a song I liked from a movie in YouTube and there were countless remixes; I was surprised at how many were hits!
Life is all about filling up the emptiness inside. Work, alcohol, music, we all have our substitutes for love.
There are people who say that the politeness of Englishmen is essentially a sense of fear.
The fire started immediately.
I was deeply moved after I saw the movie.
If clouds did not exist, then we would have no enjoyment of the sun.
Bernard of Chartres used to say that we are like dwarfs on the shoulders of giants, so that we can see more than they, and things at a greater distance, not by virtue of any sharpness of sight on our part, or any physical distinction, but because we are carried high and raised up by their giant size.
It began to rain, so he did not have to water the lawn.
Tell me the whole story.
Why did they argue?
I was bitterly disappointed.
Some Whites seek more imperial solutions.
Some Asians seek more technological solutions.
Some Middle-Easterners seek more religious solutions.
Unfortunately, I have to disappoint you.
He is not here.
She is not here.
It's not that I don't like to have fun - I don't have time.
It's not that I don't like to have fun, but I don't have time.
It's not that I don't like to have fun, it's just that I don't have time for that.
How much are these black trousers and these red shirts?
One book is thin and the other is thick; the thick one has about pages.
There's no red thread.
Yesterday I met Marie.
There are no trails.
There is no leitmotif.
I missed the arrival of Sinterklaas.
They get a lot of rain all through the year.
I've been up and about all day, now I'm worn out.
After a storm comes the calm.
He's not home.
Be careful with what you drink.
The beard's gone!
The hair is short!
This was missing.
As of next week I am eating less.
You can use that phone.
You've been thinking over the problem all morning, take a break and go have lunch.
Let's come back to the base.
His wife has him under the thumb.
I really liked that film!
I just got a beautiful bunch of flowers from one of my clients.
His laptop is already five years old.
I wonder if exchange students can join this club.
I have cabin fever.
I demand that he be punished.
Don't underestimate it.
I missed the British accent so much.
It's not as cold today as it was yesterday.
There's a big hole in your sock.
The first time you meet people, you should be careful about how near you stand to them.
When you meet someone for the first time, be careful about how close you stand to that person.
I never spend a day without thinking of you.
What club do you belong to?
This is fantastic!
After practicing for a year, she is barely able to play the piano.
I got a new cellphone.
She's been practicing piano for a year and can play the piano a bit.
She's been practicing piano for a year and can play the piano somewhat.
Children need to play.
I do not feel like doing it.
Everybody must know.
My daily routine of English has been greatly reduced.
The game lasted too long.
No, he doesn't have a motive.
My family belongs to the neighborhood association.
I'm married, you're married, let's get married!
I am married, you are married, let's get married!
I didn't know that it was going to be made into an Osakan version.
Carry her to the operating room.
Take her to the OR.
I cannot stand his comments.
I heard that a Perfume song is used in Cars 2.
You're young.
My friend from university gave me a Kindle because he said he wasn't using it anymore. It's the DX model with a large screen. It's not easy to use, but the screen is indeed quite nice. It hadn't bothered me until now, but it's become hard for me to read something on a normal LCD screen.
I've recently become crazy about Perfume too, but years later than everyone else.
I slept on my stomach.
I sung too many karaoke songs, and now my throat hurts.
You shed innocent blood!
Don't hesitate to ask if you wish to know something!
The road is free.
Don't test me.
You got involved in something bad, huh?
I never played golf.
He has lots of money.
I adore poetry and music.
There's a red rose in the pot.
There is a red rose in the pot.
The wedding was celebrated at ten.
We have lunch at midday.
I think that it's good and bad that throughout my life I will not be able to forget that event.
She lives in London.
Don't misunderstand my words.
Do not misunderstand my words.
My premonition turned out to be right.
It always makes me feel a bit uneasy.
It doesn't matter where you go, we still won't be able to find you.
I'll never again let such a thing happen.
I have no words.
Should I bring something to read?
He cut down a tree in the garden.
You haven't paid your rent in a month, have you?
I helped them yesterday.
She says that she wants me to come with her.
I can't carry this suitcase by myself.
You like the slightly sour chocolates, don't you?
When will you come?
I often think of the place where we met each other.
You're acting like you know me; this is the first time we're meeting!
The actions she took were too careless, and she was left defenseless.
I turned the lamp off and fell asleep.
Is it the first time at 2:40AM tomorrow? Or is it the second time?
Did you do it yourself?
A true friendship is more valuable than money.
Hey, where did you put the car navigation system's user's manual?
Germany's winters are colder than Italy's.
Don't look at it anymore, please!
He constantly criticizes other people.
He's always leaving the toilet seat up.
I have been living here for a long time.
I know nothing about music.
I hope that kind of happiness will come.
Is it hard to learn German?
I love shopping in this mall.
Humans are asleep when they live. They wake up when they die.
This is the kind of gossip you usually find in a glossy magazine.
She was a member of the Red Army Faction.
This day will go down in history.
Sugar dissolves in hot water.
How are you, my sweetheart?
How are you, my dear?
How are you, sweetie?
Have you put up the Christmas tree already?
I’ll use the top concepts as a starting point for our continued ideation, sketches, sketch models, etc…
I've just invented a new word processor allowing to pronounce words backwards.
Half of the people in the office took a day off.
After the lesson, we clean our classroom.
We clean our classroom after the class is over.
Since when do you learn Latin?
A policeman is driving a car.
What is the doctor doing?
She is holding a red flower.
I have a red bike.
She cannot stand what her husband does.
It's too early for you to come.
Cold rain makes me chilled to the bone.
Put the flour on the shelf.
Happiness is a feeble flower.
I sat down next to him.
Really? You have a favorite writer you always read?
Happiness is a delicate flower.
His theory is based on elaborate investigation.
You've come too early.
When did you start studying Latin?
I'll have one hamburger, and may I have more water please?
It's a huge shock to me.
I argued with Yoko a little bit.
I drank a very hot double espresso at the coffee shop this morning.
What are you doing these days?
We can not live without water, not even for one day.
I don't drink beer.
We can't live even one more day without water.
We can't live another day without water.
She's used to getting up early.
She's accustomed to getting up early.
Ted is good at repairing watches.
Ted is good at fixing watches.
We'd appreciate a reply.
I would appreciate a reply.
How do you say "yuri" in English?
No matter where I go, I get lost.
No matter who says so, it's not true.
It doesn't matter who says that, it's not true.
I saw many birds yesterday morning.
You see that tall building over there, don't you?
I'm not quite happy with the wording of this sentence.
That picture brought back a lot of memories.
When he spoke, everyone became silent.
He loves going to the theater.
He's rich, but he's not happy.
He barely speaks English.
I could find his address.
He didn't only teach at school, he also wrote novels.
In Spain, there's a popular belief that when you sneeze, you have to say "Jesus" for the soul to return to the body.
There are some cookies under the table.
There is a cookie under the table.
I ran as fast as I could, but I missed the train.
He was charged with conspiracy.
The magazine spread many important charges against the Senator.
The point is not the criminal charge, it's the attitude we adopt toward those abuses.
The claim is to be reported to justice within twenty days.
I'm against any kind of abuse.
Don't abuse me, please.
Barely an hour passes that I don't think about you with love.
Doctors and hospitals should help everyone.
E-mailing is a fast means of communication.
He thinks that he is a great poet.
He was frightened by the sight.
I feel like a beluga whale!
I was frightened when I saw that.
I feel like a white whale!
One of the professors whispered.
I must resist.
I have to resist.
I can't see anything. The windshield is very dirty.
Was she really boring?
I will remove the labels tagging the above sentences.
You're a billy-goat.
You are a billy-goat.
I'll remove the labels from the above sentences.
I respect the praying mantis as a living creature!
I respect the praying mantis as a living being!
I know I am terrible, but it was just tempting me.
I'm a citizen of the world.
I am a citizen of the world.
Don't call me.
That's Greek to me.
It makes me feel better.
I really hope you guys don't feel that way.
The number of students is dropping.
I am not nice, I am merciful.
I'm ready to eat a horse.
How many people are there in Europe?
He's wearing a cummerbund.
It reminds me of my childhood.
It's a cool place.
Pictures are amazing!
The thought of being eaten alive was both frightening and intriguing.
The boy threw a stone.
After I got out of the bath, my wound festered.
You must work.
This time it's my turn to pay.
This time I'll pay.
This time I'm paying.
The nearest star to our solar system is Proxima Centauri.
You smell so nice.
Be careful what you pretend to be because you are what you pretend to be.
I want to stand as close to the edge as I can without going over. Out on the edge you see all the kinds of things you can't see from the center.
It is a very mixed blessing to be brought back from the dead.
Maturity is a bitter disappointment for which no remedy exists, unless laughter could be said to remedy anything.
People have to talk about something just to keep their voice boxes in working order so they'll have good voice boxes in case there's ever anything really meaningful to say.
It's a goat and it is absolutely normal.
The impossible was achieved.
Means of transport were improved.
You recovered.
It is said that he was resurrected.
There aren't many known ruins from this civilization.
We don't really know anything about death.
I told him, but he didn't pay attention.
I told you, but you didn't pay attention.
Do I need to explain it to you again?
You were informed of the state of your account three days ago.
Can you hold it a moment for me?
I'll take my dog out for a walk.
I handed it over to you; I don't have it anymore.
I have mentioned it to you before.
They took it by force.
You must return this to me, OK?
We feared so.
Can we speak now?
He walked slowly so the child could follow.
He walked slowly so the children would be able to follow.
He has a large house and two cars.
Tracy has a house and a car.
He studied hard so he wouldn't fail.
He got fired for slacking off at work.
What on earth are you looking at?
He's used to climbing mountains.
He's used to mountain climbing.
He's accustomed to mountain climbing.
He trusts his assistant quite a lot.
He's being threatened by a certain gangster.
He seemed disappointed with the results.
It seems that he used to be a great athlete.
He's not the kind of person who finds fault with others.
He's not the kind of person who always criticizes others.
He's always saying bad things about his wife.
He's always bad-mouthing his wife.
He's very smart, so everybody likes him.
He thought it would be wise to accept the offer.
He donated $10,to the refugee fund.
He didn't need to bring an umbrella.
It wasn't necessary for him to bring an umbrella.
He often doesn't come to school.
He translated the verse into English.
Even though he's very old, he's healthy.
He's active doing charity work.
He's active performing good deeds.
He has a good chance of being elected.
He has a good chance of being chosen.
There's a good chance that he'll be elected.
There's a good chance that he'll be chosen.
I think he's Mary's older brother.
He's what we call an honor student.
He talked to the chairman.
She talked to the chairman.
She talked to the chairperson.
He talked to the chairperson.
He came to Tokyo with the dream of becoming rich.
He went to Tokyo with the dream of becoming rich.
He dozed off even though he didn't want to.
He found that all his efforts amounted to nothing.
How long does it take for the airport shuttle to get to the airport?
How long does the airport bus take to get to the airport?
How long does it take for the airport bus to get to the airport?
He's been sick in bed for four days.
He secretly showed me her picture.
He secretly showed me her photo.
He secretly showed me her photograph.
He often sits for many hours reading books.
Paper was invented in China.
I'll wait until six o'clock.
Men like lovely women.
His heart is sick.
Her heart is sick.
He has no chance of recovering.
There's no chance that he'll recover.
I love her so much I could die.
He left the room as soon as I entered it.
He tidied up his room.
The terrible scene made him shudder.
The terrible scene sent shivers down his spine.
The terrible scene made him tremble in fear.
He really likes traveling a lot.
He's been waiting here for a long time.
He's been waiting here for quite a while.
He has a lot of teaching experience.
According to her, he won't come.
According to her, he isn't coming.
He supports the Democratic Party.
He chastised them for being noisy.
He let me know that he had arrived.
He can't have said such a stupid thing.
He likes music a lot.
He loves music.
He really likes music a lot.
He's not here because he's on a business trip to Osaka.
He's out of the office because he's in Osaka on business.
He was so angry he couldn't speak.
Those women were too surprised to speak.
Those women were so surprised that they couldn't speak.
He put me up for a night.
He let me stay for a night.
He put the traveler up for the night.
Speaking of AKB, I went to their live performances twice before their debut.
He achieved his aim of studying abroad.
Among other things, I don't know the recent members, nor their new songs at all.
I don't enjoy studying because I don't make any progress.
I've never been to an election before.
I understand that you feel uneasy, but don't worry.
As a boy he was tipped for greatness in adult life, now he is tipped for serving guests in a restaurant.
Would you please come?
He was too sleepy to read the evening newspaper.
He was sick, so he couldn't come.
He's friendly with all his classmates.
He's friendly with everyone in his class.
He looks exactly like his older brother.
He looks exactly like his brother.
Do you like trips?
He told me about the change in the plan.
He informed me about the changes in the plan.
He's the boy we spoke about the other day.
He received quite a few letters this morning.
He admitted that he wanted to escape from here.
He is having a sudden surge of self-confidence!
He looked small next to my heavyset father.
He told us a very exciting adventure story.
He was exiled to an island for the crime of high treason.
He might say something ambiguous again.
He might possibly say something ambiguous again.
He thanked the host for the very enjoyable party.
He has to have an operation next week.
We're coming home.
He left for London the day before yesterday.
Did Mary knit gloves for you both?
He played golf every day during his vacation.
He tried to approach her using every possible means.
He tried getting closer to her using every possible means.
He tried getting close to her using every means possible.
He tried to be brave while he was being held hostage.
He tried to behave as bravely as possible while he was being held hostage.
He entered the bank disguised as a guard.
He left the room without saying a word.
He tried to make his wife happy, but in vain.
He tried to make his wife happy, but he couldn't.
He got lost while he was walking in the woods.
He got lost while walking in the woods.
He advocated abolishing the death penalty.
He couldn't fulfill a promise he had made to his father.
He practices playing the guitar until late at night.
He learned that poem by heart when he was five years old.
He memorized that poem when he was five years old.
They say that he was very poor when he was young.
I could tell from his accent that he was a Frenchman.
He was a Frenchman. I could tell by his accent.
He was deep in debt and had to part with his house.
He's not smart enough to add numbers in his head.
He tried to pass himself off as a Frenchman, but his accent gave him away.
He practices the piano every day, so he can become a pianist.
If you may come home for Christmas? I don't know, I'll mention it to my wife and I'll tell you.
In these two or three years, he acquired a large amount of wealth.
He won the first prize at the chess tournament.
He was absent from school yesterday because he was sick.
He bought the land with the plan to build a house on it.
He never forgot his ambition to become a leading politician.
He never forgot his ambition to become a great politician.
He had to let his secretary go because she got married.
My father is worried about my health.
He is in the habit of reading the newspaper while eating.
He is in the habit of reading the newspaper during meals.
He has the habit of reading the newspaper during meals.
He has the habit of reading the newspaper while eating.
He grits his teeth and forces back his growing fear.
He was wrong in thinking that she'd come to see him.
He's a famous physicist not only in Japan, but throughout the world.
He doesn't have any children, but other than that he's leading a happy life.
He likes mountaineering and is well acquainted with the mountains of Japan.
He likes mountaineering and knows the mountains of Japan quite well.
When he was in the military, he conformed to the strict army rules.
He was making a speech, but he abruptly stopped speaking when he heard a strange noise.
He hurried to the house, but was disappointed to find it empty.
He got up quickly, splashed cold water on his face, brushed his teeth and shaved.
Why don't we drop by to see her?
"Don't go out now." "Why not?"
How did you learn how to play the violin?
What should I put on over my sweater?
After you leave, I'll be lonely.
I'll be lonely after you've gone.
How long will this cold weather continue?
How did the traffic accident happen?
What he said turned out to be a lie.
Who do you think the author of this novel is?
No matter how much she eats, she never gains weight.
When he finished speaking, everyone was silent.
When I got home, I noticed that I had lost my wallet.
When she entered the room, he stood up.
No matter how you do it, the results will be the same.
It doesn't matter what excuse he gives me, I can't forgive him.
John made Mary jump.
John made Mary stand up.
I am very happy for you!
My parents are dead.
My fathers are dead.
One of the hunters was shot and had to be taken to hospital, where he is now making a speedy recovery.
An innocent passer-by was shot dead in broad daylight.
Again and again there are challenges in our life. Some call them problems, others call them growth opportunities.
My cat fought with another cat.
I got a sunburn.
He had to give up smoking to protect his health.
He speaks too fast.
This coffee is cold.
This man brushes his teeth.
That man brushes his teeth.
She gave me a wrong address on purpose.
The river Maritsa constitutes a border between Turkey and Greece.
The sun is the most brilliant star.
I am in the garden.
Instead of coffee he gave me tea with sugar, but without cream.
You speak nonsense, my friend.
My sister is a very beautiful girl.
Do you love your father?
Don't expose him to the rain!
Don't expose it to the rain!
Mary helped her mother to cook.
Don't forget to lock up when you leave.
Tom doesn't want to go there alone.
She abandoned her sons.
She left her children.
My home is close to the station.
My house is situated near the station.
He doesn't smoke.
He is not a smoker.
He isn't a smoker.
What a question! Of course I love him.
What a question! Of course I love her.
It's nothing, don't worry!
I learn ten new words every day.
What's the word?
Isn't it beautiful?
I thought he had died.
Work is so frustrating today.
I broke a nail.
Where's everyone going tonight?
Her party was really fun.
Her party was really quite fun.
I have ten pens more than you do.
Tom didn't know the meaning of "anglophobia," so he did a quick web search to see if he could find out what it meant.
He stayed up all night reading a novel.
They stayed up all night.
He stayed up all night.
He often used to stay up until late at night.
She stayed up late last night.
He stayed up late last night.
I stayed up late.
The girl was used to staying up late.
Mary is staying up late this week to prepare for her finals.
I was glad to hear the news.
They were happy when they heard the good news.
He decided to write in his diary every day.
He made a resolution to write in his diary every day.
He made up his mind to write in his diary every day.
I must write in my diary every day.
My father writes in his diary every day.
She is in the habit of writing in her diary every day.
He makes it a rule to write in his diary every day.
A long time ago when I was young, I used to write in my diary every day.
I used to write in my diary every day when I was young.
Have you already written in your diary today?
She used to keep a diary, but doesn't anymore.
I never expected to meet her in a place like that.
I never expected to meet her in a place like this.
My father drinks a cup of coffee every morning.
Do you always drink coffee with your breakfast?
In the morning, Sandra eats a slice of bread and drinks a cup of coffee.
I always drink two cups of coffee in the morning.
My wife usually doesn't drink coffee at night. I don't either.
Please try that coffee. I think it's really delicious.
Please try drinking that coffee. I think it tastes very good.
No matter how tired he is, he writes in his diary before going to bed.
It's fun to read my old diary.
I found the diary that my father kept for years.
I found my father's diary that he kept for years.
I have decided to keep a diary this year.
I have made a resolution to keep a diary this year.
By the way, how many of you keep diaries?
By the way, how many of you keep a diary?
It isn't easy to memorize dates.
The Prime Minister will hold a press conference tomorrow.
I think I'll buy a new car.
I'm not sure when he'll come.
I ran into my aunt by chance in Europe.
I have heard that song sung in French.
I've heard the French version of this song.
I punched him in the chin.
I punched his jaw.
I wanted to make some telephone calls.
I'll explain the incident.
Let me tell you about the case.
I'll be sixteen on my next birthday.
I'm tired of this monotonous life.
No matter how hard I try, I can't remember the exact words.
I think she's an honest woman.
I don't know who you want to see.
I don't know who you want to meet.
I woke up with a crick in my neck.
No matter what the cost, I will accomplish that.
I will accomplish that no matter what the cost.
It's quite clear to me that that is the truth.
I'm sure that is the truth.
I found this movie very interesting.
"There are some things I want to buy," the boy said.
I was confused by her expression.
I was confused by the expression on her face.
I lent my friend some money.
I still love this bicycle.
I made a bad mistake on the test.
I made a serious mistake on the test.
I think you need to think about the future.
I think you should think about the future.
I tried to stay on friendly terms with her, but it was impossible.
I tried to make up with her, but it was impossible.
I walked around aimlessly.
I wanted to return to your village.
I wasn't aware that you were feeling that bad.
I wasn't aware that you were feeling so bad.
I think he's a man of ability.
I think he's a competent person.
I think he's competent.
I don't know how to play golf at all.
I don't know anything about how to play golf.
I wasn't able to go to his birthday party.
I was unable to go to his birthday party.
I held on to the rope tightly so I wouldn't fall.
There are a lot of things I have to do.
"I want that book," he said to himself.
I went to bed early because I was tired.
I'm sure I'll win the tennis match.
I'm certain that I'll win the tennis match.
I think, without a doubt, that I'll win the tennis match.
I'm confident that I'll win the tennis match.
I felt very relieved when I heard the news.
I translated the poem the best I could.
I think it's sad to not have any friends.
He was like a ninja hiding behind one of our cars!
Russia has woken up.
God is in the detail.
Christmas is so close now.
The geologist climbed into the limo.
Be intolerant only of intolerance.
Who tastes everything becomes disgusted with everything.
We travel not to move, but to change our mind.
I have much studied both cats and philosophers. The wisdom of cats is infinitely superior.
If we always get to the bottom of things, at one point we stay there.
He hides himself.
Many stars are forming within the galaxy.
Listen!
The governor visited the city.
When is my brother's birthday?
I know you love me, but all I feel for you is just affection.
It has been six years since I started to study English.
She had the box carried to the first floor.
Hello, my name is Tina.
I saw your profile today at tatoeba.org and I love it. I would like to know more about you, so please email me back and I will send you some pictures of me.
Are you willing to go to the beach?
He smiled.
It smiled.
They lied to you.
The father and the son are very similar to each other.
Your O's resemble your A's.
I was nine years old when I asked my mother whether Father Christmas really existed.
Merry Christmas, my love!
There are some spectacular things on that site.
Just forget it.
You can come.
May you all get what you wish for.
It's already Christmas in Europe.
You have provided me with some very useful advice.
Tom doesn't know the difference between astronomy and astrology.
Our doubts are traitors, and make us lose the good we oft might win by fearing to attempt.
It was the lark, the herald of the morn, no nightingale.
Santa Claus is Chinese.
He can't swim, he will sink!
He is in a coma!
I tell you a little secret.
She can take control of the situation.
If you can look into the seeds of time, and say which grain will grow and which will not, then speak to me.
People who hurt children do not deserve mercy.
That's a nice ring.
The children don't have school today.
I hope you had a wonderful day.
I've become very sleepy.
Forgive my laziness.
I found my boyfriend's favorite Beatles song playing from a music box. I'll be so happy to give it to him.
What a wonderful present!
He put a ring on it!
This is Christmas!
Happiness is real only when shared.
I am a great admirer of American culture.
I've lost even my cell phone!
I also lost my cell phone!
Nobody mentioned a storm.
Bread's in the oven.
The bread is in the oven.
I want that turtle home!
We understood that you have eaten a lot.
We understood that you've eaten a lot.
He wants me to go with him.
Do you have a better suggestion?
The enemy warships bombed our warehouses in the harbour.
"Yes," she said, "you are right".
The pirate was observing the sea with his monocular.
One more hour and the turkey will be ready.
You aren't living here.
Many topics were discussed during the interview, but some of them were censured.
He counts fast.
I would like to kiss you.
His bad face doesn't scare me even a bit.
Her bad face doesn't scare me even a bit.
His nasty face doesn't scare me even a bit.
I don't smoke anymore.
Tom looked as if he hadn't shaved for a week.
You can make a cake with flour, milk and an egg.
With flour, milk and an egg, one can bake a cake.
What size of cake do you like?
I saw a UFO.
I own an electric guitar.
He did a lot for his people, but he could have done much more.
The accident happened on one of the President's official trips.
She says something different in every interview.
I'm sorry, I wasn't paying attention. What did you say?
It's very late, so I should already be in bed.
When the firemen found out the girl's location, they ran to rescue her.
What are the lyrics to that song?
She's about to set off.
You have to create problems to create profit.
I answered, "Yes, I want it."
We weren't actually posing.
I'm surprised Wade isn't carrying her in his purse.
You two look great!
Tell us something.
I didn't think that it would turn out like this.
I had thought that it would be good if I had been able to meet her there.
He tends to get angry if you ask a lot of questions.
Children often cry just because they want some attention.
We provide value for money.
I'll provide value for money.
Which word processor do you prefer?
He's very angry.
Which text editor do you prefer?
He's very angry with her.
When my father found out that I've been going out with Nimrod Nick, he got very angry.
His handwriting is bad.
I won't go there anymore.
I won't go there again.
That shirt is too large for me.
I'm a little nervous.
The word "cliche" comes from French.
I really wish I'd paid more attention in Budapest instead of going shopping and seeing the Harry Potter movie.
I hope you have a great day!
I can't think of a better way to celebrate my engagement to my best friend.
I think shopping wins.
I love the scrapbook Tom made for me.
I'm glad you like it.
I had my military service in Ankara.
Excuse me, do you mind if I sit here?
Kemal Tahir narrates the occupation days of Istanbul in 1920s in his book named "The People Of The Slave City".
I'm getting the hang of this.
I saw my mother hiding the cake.
A neutral work is the work of a coward.
I'm quite a normal guy who has many hobbies, maybe too many.
I'm a completely normal guy who has many hobbies, maybe too many.
There's nothing more I can teach you.
I won't let you escape.
How do you feel about me?
He's on a hot streak.
She's gonna kill me.
She's going to kill me.
Don't ask the same thing over and over again. I explained it properly to you already. It's getting tedious.
Tell me about this girl.
Tell me about this guy.
Math is a bitch.
This sentence is fine.
The actor became speechless when he was questioned about his private affairs.
I thought that you wanted to see me.
Quit joking around.
I think I'm pregnant.
You always throw your money away.
Am I the father?
We're not as young as we used to be.
Catch you later.
See you later, alligator.
What is this place?
I'm starting to enjoy it.
I know it's wrong.
I know it's wrong, but I'll do it anyway.
I knew it was wrong, but I did it anyway.
We have to pick a name for the child.
If she finds out, I'm screwed!
Delete that picture.
You look pale as a ghost.
You look as pale as a ghost.
I feel like people are staring at me.
I'm working on another case.
She lied about being pregnant.
This discussion is over.
I can't die here.
I almost had a heart attack.
When she told me that she was pregnant, I almost had a heart attack.
You can't come over tonight.
Don't joke about that.
Get real.
I've gotta take a piss.
Am I seeing things?
I have to take a leak.
Is she cheating on me?
Could she be cheating on me?
Michael Jackson died.
On the face of it, nothing could be more reasonable.
The world is full of idiots.
What is this all about?
I'm not hiding anything from you.
Get your ass back to work.
I don't believe this can happen, as the year-end festivities don't allow a diet.
But unfortunately, this will not occur very soon.
But unfortunately, this will not happen very soon.
I know that now, obviously, everyone expects me to tell something about my trip.
I know that now, naturally, all are waiting for me to share something about my voyage.
If voting changed anything, they'd abolish it.
He refused to give an interview.
Many people refuse to eat meat during Easter.
The doctor broke the Hippocratic Oath.
We uploaded the pictures from our wedding to Facebook.
I need a new USB cable.
Auguste Comte is regarded as the father of sociology.
I didn't like him to come back home while I was sleeping.
They already called off the strike.
I bought a smartphone for my wife.
Introduce me to your parents when you feel ready.
I love Aimer's songs.
I have to pay a little more attention.
Can't you peel an orange?
Wake up and pay more attention!
I'll go to Bahia next year.
Everyone wants me to go, but I don't feel like going.
I was looking for something, but couldn't find it.
"I want to talk to your grandfather." "That's not possible, he died a few years back."
You don't know what it's like to lose your entire family in a war.
He lives in Morocco.
I don't know how can you stand that guy.
All lizards can lay eggs.
These organs were made in test tubes.
The boy was shirtless.
This medicine will increase the survival rate of the patients.
She knows what she wants. That's what matters.
Is he taller than his brother is?
We have hours to evacuate the city.
I want to talk to him.
Are you watching this show?
I don't want to listen to you anymore. Get out of here!
It's a holiday tradition.
Have you ever been to Venice?
She's my wife.
It all happened so fast.
I chose these shoes.
I heard they found an alien artifact on the moon.
You have divided the Sermon on the Mount into chapters in your own way - according to the subject matter, I suppose.
As far back as I can remember, I have had thoughts and ideas which at the time, seemed to make me unique.
In actual fact, many of my earliest memories are theories I had about the world around me.
My earliest thoughts were about phonetics.
Without actually knowing what "phonetics" meant and probably not even knowing the alphabet, I was able to think to myself that "p" was a harder version of "b" as was "t" to "d", "k" to "g" and "s" to "z".
This all worked reasonably well inside my own head but at the time I was only four, an age at which apparently I wasn't even speaking yet except to express basic needs.
However, I didn't know I wasn't speaking. I simply assumed I could.
You want to remain anonymous.
He's been Santa Claus.
I would rather stay at home than go fishing.
Please, help my daughter.
Can I marry my aunt's husband's nephew?
At the same age, I used to wonder about matter, thinking that different colours must have represented different kinds of matter.
When I started school I had a teacher who took a sympathetic and open minded approach.
Don't be upset when they are gone.
Even at that early age the other children could probably tell there was something wrong, despite the fact that I never suspected anything of the sort; and this was to be the case for a long time to come.
I wasn't trying to make a move or anything.
This is the dumbest idea ever.
I don't look handsome; apparently I am handsome.
This is an adverb.
What alleviates the pain?
What relieves the pain?
We have it in Croatia too.
I like men.
Can I pay here with Kontaktlos?
Can I pay here via Kontaktlos?
It's the funniest dog in the world.
I have a fear of the dark.
I'm afraid of being afraid.
My friend said she bought a new watch.
Silence, you fool!
She needed the money desperately.
Can I pay here with a contactless card?
She is very beautiful.
Are you trying to hit on me?
I like this perfume.
I was about to be stabbed.
I don't envy him.
I don't envy her.
Tom talks very fast.
Shut up, you idiot!
In Latin there are five declensions.
His pride won't allow him to ask questions.
It's as good as done.
My stomach hurts after meals.
Nouns in Latin have five declensions.
Please stop fighting.
She came home disappointed.
She is used to sitting.
You have to push that door to open it.
If you push it, the door will open.
If you push the button, the door will open.
Do you know how to decline this word?
It depends largely on the context.
Why is it that you're always late?
I can't help thinking about the future.
While we were doing that, another two hours passed.
Even though it was raining, they went on their outing.
It was raining. However, they still went on their school trip.
Formatting a hard disk is a simple process, though expensive. It can cost up to $in Brazil.
Even though it was raining, they went on their field trip.
She was injured in a car accident.
The clouds are getting darker and darker and it's beginning to look like it might rain.
However, I am not a specialist.
I will probably be the first Polish foreign minister in history to say so, but here it is: I fear German power less than I am beginning to fear German inactivity.
And I’m not sure there’s anyone better at yanking up their galoshes and trudging onward in the face of loss.
Steel is quenched in cold water after having been tempered by heating.
Lord, have mercy on my son: for he is epileptic, and suffereth grievously; for oft-times he falleth into the fire, and off-times into the water.
Who will tell whether one happy moment of love, or the joy of breathing or walking on a bright morning and smelling the fresh air, is not worth all the suffering and effort which life implies?
It will help you pull together the scattered fragments of your memories.
Should you lose your way, this is your compass, your guide back to the path you will follow.
Reinforce your inner sense of connectedness.
Nice dress.
An intelligent man uses his mind, but the more intelligent man also uses the minds of others.
It brings a beacon of hope.
He's a trickster.
It leads a lecher and a thief to soon become a man of the cloth.
Voters may yet reject the misbegotten 'Dream Act'.
I can't quite figure out what that chord around 1:is. Can somebody help me out?
In the 1920s, inflation was so high in Germany that it was common to burn money to keep warm.
I illuminate myself with immensity.
Immensity fills me with light.
I'm enlighted by immensity.
I flood myself with light of the immense.
My sun inside rises from space.
I've forgotten. Was House Lancaster's family crest a red rose, or a white rose?
I have been a keyboardist at a local band for three years.
It was a wrong number.
Have you come to file a damage report?
Have you come to register a crime?
She glows with happiness.
Egg tarts, when freshly baked, are a real delicacy.
She's beaming with happiness.
Can you accompany me there, please?
Why are you always late?
It's time you got married.
The last thing we need is a war.
I believe he is competent.
She has nice legs.
That's a nice pair of legs.
That's a nice pair of legs, when do they open?
I don't know anyone by that name.
You look dazzling, my dear.
Slavery is still a sensitive subject around here.
The chair was too high, and I found myself with my legs hanging in the air.
The boy mourned the death of his hamster.
This is the first time I've heard about it.
I don't like this comparison.
We would often discuss our future.
Her cooking is the best.
Her cooking is amazing.
In an attempt of escape, the bandit did away with the life of four hostages.
After being unfairly sent to prison, all his dreams were over.
The bandits ran away when they heard the police siren.
The Colonel said the situation is under control.
This gesture is worth more than a thousand words.
It's strange how everything can change in one day.
Keep your hands off my daughter!
Don't be ridiculous! We are not descended from apes, we only have a common ancestor.
Cow's milk is tastier than soy milk.
There was a scuffle in front of the store when the new product was released.
Seriously?
May I ask who you are?
He stole his classmate's cellphone and hid it inside another student's bag.
We need to have this researched by a biologist.
You can't learn here! This is a school!
What are you doing in your life?
Give a man a mask and he'll tell the truth.
Endorphines are natural analgesics.
I'm not playing with your feelings.
My car was stolen. It's not where I parked it.
Baptists reject infant baptism.
I'm being chased.
She has two sisters.
On Sundays, shops stay closed.
Don't forget that the adjective must agree with its noun.
These houses are my uncle's.
Check if the phone is not unplugged.
She is something on the outside, but another on the inside.
Our town is facing a wave of student protest.
Thanks for understanding the drama of my homeland, which is, like Pablo Neruda would say, a silent Vietnam; there are no occupying troops, nor powerful planes clouding the clean skies of my land, but we're under financial blockade, we have no credit, we can't buy spare parts, we have no means to buy food and we need medicine...
But the student has an obligation because he's more likely to understand the financial and social phenomenon and global realities; it is his obligation being a dynamic factor in a process of change, but also never losing sight of reality.
She's not interested in her English lessons.
You weren't counting on my evangelizing power!
I prefer to go swimming.
Perhaps the Earth is not the only planet gifted with life.
She didn't write either.
This monument is closed to visitors.
They replaced that factory's employees with mechanical arms.
I haven't been busy for these past two days.
The movie is popular with young people.
Any war is a conflict of interests where the most affected are the poor.
I don't like the new textbook we're using in the English class.
Thousands of candles illuminated the church during the ceremony.
I have only three goals in life: learning, learning and learning.
Excuse me, but may I use the phone?
I've given up my brother for dead.
There are no rules without exceptions.
Every rule has its exceptions.
My uncle is slim, but my aunt is fat.
My uncle is thin, but my aunt is fat.
Mr. Suzuki isn't a dentist. He's a physician.
My husband is impotent. What should I do?
Smoking can cause impotence.
The length of days and the length of years hardly vary at all.
The mother was disappointed at her son when she found out the atrocities he had committed.
I didn't know there would be an Osaka edition.
For one thing, I don't have any money. For another, I don't have the time.
First, I don't have any money. Second, I don't have the time.
The thieves dug a tunnel and robbed the bank.
The police arrested members from two criminal gangs.
He armed himself with a gun and went to face the enemy camp.
All the members of the band were Ukrainian.
Don't view opinions and facts as the same thing.
The terrorist group was dismantled.
Don't confuse opinions with facts.
After much thought, the thief decided to confess.
You shouldn't give the same weight to opinions as you do to facts.
Maintaining a criminal in the jail is very expensive.
Where there is a will, there is a way.
War doesn't bring on peace; on the contrary, it brings pains and grief on both sides.
The police don't know where the criminals hid themselves.
He only listens to rock bands from the fifties.
The thief will show up.
I didn't understand the meaning.
I didn't get the meaning.
The thief declared remorse and claimed to be heartbroken about the crimes he had committed.
When the police came on stage, the criminal gave up.
Some of them are healthy, but some of them aren't.
Some eggs weren't rotten, but the rest of them were.
The concert was short. However, it was very good.
My cousin is the second to the last person in the line.
In here, I look like a madman who just escaped from the lunatic asylum.
It's too cute to be true.
Unfortunately, I don't believe she'll succeed.
Unfortunately, I'm not sure she'll succeed.
He'll succeed for sure.
She'll succeed for sure.
She's sure to succeed.
Her son will succeed for sure.
The police don't know where the criminals are hiding.
I'm pretty sure he'll succeed.
There were many injured people, but hardly any people were missing.
She seems reserved, but she's actually a strong-willed person.
She seems timid, but she's actually a strong-willed person.
Every member but me believes what he says.
The price is low, but then again, the quality isn't very good.
The price is low, but the quality isn't very good.
She tried to lift the box, but found it impossible to do.
I only entrusted the secret to you.
People can begin to love when they choose, but they have no choice when it comes to ending love.
People can choose to start loving, but can't choose to stop.
People can easily start loving, but not so easily stop.
I was planning to call him, but changed my mind and didn't.
I couldn't help but feel disappointed when I heard the news.
The girl wanted to tell him the truth, but she couldn't.
No lapwing pilfers Lieschen's licorice.
I tried to open the door, but I couldn't because it was locked.
I tried to open the door, but I couldn't since it was locked.
The army is the linchpin of North Korean dictatorship.
My job is strangling rats.
Those are the most expensive shoes I've ever seen.
That's right, when you greet him you must strangle him with all your strength. He'll be glad.
When did you go home?
Let me be the judge of that.
The universe moves around your ass.
Learning a musical instrument trains the mind.
It's a good day for a cabinet reshuffle.
It's inevitable.
Put your hands down.
Really? I didn't know she was your sister.
Because I speak Chinese.
My sister and I have come.
Four thousand sentences may be translated in one year by a Klingon speaking man.
The chair is not by the window.
Having been left alone, the baby started to cry.
Having been left alone, the baby started crying.
May I turn on the radio?
The thief was apprehended this morning.
He started crying the moment he heard the news.
Tom knows Mary quite well.
I'm often only half awake.
I'm often half asleep.
Mary showed me the letter.
Though this be madness, yet there is method in't.
This is a real Vuitton.
I'm often sleepy.
Possibly she will not come.
It's possible that she won't come.
Maybe she won't come.
Maybe she will not come.
He may not come.
It's possible that he will not come.
Maybe he will not come.
I've kept you waiting for a long time. Please forgive me.
Let us begin, then.
Let's begin, then.
You're not young anymore.
Somebody wants a haircut.
Perhaps it's supposed to be kilometers.
Please understand my position.
I think the matter is cut and dried.
Eh, you two came back here while sharing the same umbrella. I smell love in the air.
He had a mild heart attack.
The train passed through the tunnel.
He's an expert in hydroponics.
Even though it's an hydroponic tomato, it's quite tasty.
He's an expert at throwing knives.
There's no need to rush things.
Xiaowang, when were you born?
After the trip, we felt very tired.
Did you practise the harp this morning?
Did you practise the guqin this morning?
Tom almost never forgets to send his mother a Mother's Day greeting card.
Do those girls wear white skirts?
She likes all of us.
You don't look like a priest.
You're the light of my eyes ... and crown of my head.
Nobody supported her.
Nobody encouraged her.
Can I have my breakfast here?
I never saw her again.
I wanted to make several phone calls.
I wanted to make a few phone calls.
His affection towards me has decreased.
Something is wrong with my car.
My car was stolen. It's no longer where I parked it.
All those books are mine.
Nice timing.
You don't need to worry about wiretapping.
I don't believe I'll do that.
The dogs bark, but the caravan moves on.
Don't worry, you can trust me.
There's a lid for every pot.
Don't make fun of me!
Don't delay today's work until tomorrow.
It's easy for monkeys to climb trees.
It is the end that counts.
Computers are complex machines.
Have you ever seen the movie "The Box"?
Good-night, sweet prince; and flights of angels sing thee to thy rest.
He plays baseball after school.
She plays baseball after school.
She is washing the car.
She washes the car.
One more time, please.
I found out the cause of my death.
I wish I could give you a big birthday hug.
It was perfect!
You're the most important person in my life.
You're the best thing that's ever happened to me.
I miss you when you're not here.
Swearing makes you feel relieved.
I'm cracking up.
Is there a pilot on this plane?
They set very low standards.
His explanation wasn't satisfying.
Why is my cat attacking my bathrobe?
With all due respect, I think it's bullshit.
She sings in an unbelievable way.
His brother had been missing for a while.
Be careful. This may be the last time in your life you make a mistake.
Do you think that male leggings are cool?
No amount of training can prepare you for this.
My friends always say I'm too reserved, but my family always says I'm too much of a bore.
They do not accuse me, they insult; they do not fight me, they calumniate, and they don't allow me the right of defense.
I will ask him tomorrow.
The new professor is in the classroom.
The new teacher is in the classroom.
My friends always say I'm too reserved, but my family always says I'm too boring.
I want it to look like a robbery.
Everybody calls him Jeff.
I asked my father to bring me to the circus.
The walls are bloody.
She lacks experience, doesn't she?
John and Robert spent their vacations at Martha’s Vineyard with their families.
He told her to study.
He told him to study.
He is named Jeff by everyone.
He is called Jeff by everyone.
Do you want to play football with us?
You already know it: I married a widow.
I'm a perfectionist.
This computer has a Pentium microprocessor.
Women were the ones who suffered the most during the Inquisition.
We will have breakfast at eight o'clock.
Contact me by ordinary mail.
I bought a commemorative medal on my trip.
When I was asked by my wife where I was going tomorrow and with whom, I rushed it and ended up giving a confused answer.
I like horses.
I love horses.
Even though it has a masculine and feminine reproductive system, the earthworm requires another individual to bring forth fecundation.
Chris does not appreciate how Beth lost the watch he lent her.
Some people say he was murdered, others say he killed himself.
I found out something deeply related to you.
I found a very interesting site I'd like to recommend.
There aren't only nice people in the world.
If my parents find out you came over, they could do something crazy.
This insanity has to stop!
This play is a musical.
It seems to me you have appendicitis.
Put these dishes inside the drawer, please.
Look, it's the North Star.
Senpai, would you buy me some soft ice cream?
Those times were characterized by their mysticism.
It was a hamburger of epic dimensions!
The flying squirrel came flying down from the tree.
The future subjunctive mode in the Portuguese language is strictly connected to conditional sentences.
You'll do what she says and you'll succeed.
As you have difficulties, I'll help you.
Drinking is harmful for your health.
Drinking is bad for your health.
My older sister is a female ninja.
If my parents discover that you came over, they are capable of doing something crazy.
I should have tested this electric shaver before buying it.
This is the most shocking thing that ever happened in my life.
My sister is a kunoichi.
When I saw him, I thought he was going to kill me.
Our greatest enemies are no other than ourselves.
She shaves her legs many times a month.
Impossible isn't French.
I'm thinking about breaking up with my girlfriend.
Sometimes you sound like a girl.
How I'd like to be with you!
Act like you never did it before.
Why do you think I'm thinking about you?
We have no second choice.
I changed my hair, but he didn't like it.
We will never know how he's feeling.
The test says I was a king in my previous life.
I don't know who I'm going to choose.
As F. Scott Fitzgerald famously noted, the rich are different from you and me.
Who is the girl you care about the most?
This girl is much stronger than him.
What she is trying to say is that you're a jackass.
Don't worry, it is part of my routine.
I don't work for anybody.
I have to find the perfect place.
Cynicism is just a mean way to tell the truth.
This is a biblical text.
I have to go to my cousin's baptism.
Mussolini was leader of the fascist dictatorship.
This is the decisive duel.
Camels can travel over hundreds of kilometers over the course of several days without drinking a drop of water.
Words hurt more than fists.
The Pope visited Brazil.
Money can't buy happiness. However, it's more comfortable to cry in a Maserati than on a bike.
I'm living a mystical experience.
Never take advantage of someone's patience, because sooner or later he'll grow tired.
God bless Germans!
Where can I find him?
Indifference is a double-edged weapon.
The skirt is green.
One of the greatest secrets of happiness is moderating your wishes and loving what you already have.
My idleness will become my doom.
These two concepts are intimately related.
Rodrigo's family went to the dog pound to adopt a dog.
Abandoned dogs usually end up in dog pounds.
I'm not speaking to her.
We are fed up with always seeing the same people taking all the credit!
There are people who just want to interrupt and waste your time.
As Yolanda entered the conference dressed as a clown, everyone fixed their gaze on her.
Intensive courses are always the most exhausting.
Daniel came to his birthday party dressed as a clown.
After many years of trying to get the man of her dreams, Barbara decided to give up all hope and to accept marrying Lucian.
Every afternoon, the woman went to church to pray.
The horse, feeling it was finally free, began trotting west.
He has two sisters.
If my parents discover that you came over, they might do something crazy.
She listened to me.
You're doing it on purpose!
There is no shame in admitting one's faults.
Roger Vercel, whose true name is Roger Crétin, is a French writer.
He had not the least shame in telling his story.
She kissed him without shame, on the mouth.
This student put all others to shame by his industriousness.
All the children burst out laughing.
Some sentences don't make sense. So what?
Several sentences make no sense. So what?
If they hope to make us yield by hitting us, they're wrong. Shame on the timid who are afraid! But more shame on the cowards who profit from our misery.
Make him feel ashamed of his laziness.
Then, this child of fourteen years learned, as in a homework, that which we hide to maidens until their wedding night. She flipped through the drawings of the anatomy book, those superb drawings of a bloody reality. She paused upon each organ, understanding the most secret of them, those upon which is built the shame of men and women.
Every man is a potential corpse.
Every man is potentially a corpse.
She asked the clerk at the hotel reception to dial the number for her.
He who loves Mary would love Mary.
I'm lucky to have sincere friends.
I'm ashamed of what I have to say, miss, said Leuwen, but my duty as a gentleman forces me to speak.
I'm ashamed of what I have to say, my lady, said Leuwen, but my duty as a gentleman forces me to say it.
Would you like to have lots of money?
Welcome, ladies and gentlemen.
I want to see the video!
Show me the tape.
"It's shameful! We should drown them like bitches, with a stone around their neck."
I like when he speaks to me, regardless of what he tries to say; I like the simple fact that he wants to talk to me about something.
And I did not shoot. I couldn't... At the last moment, it's shameful to say... I didn't have the courage to shoot.
Most children feel ashamed in front of people they don't know.
I did what I had to do, and if I had to do it again, I would...
I did what I had to do, and if I had to do it again, I would do it again...
Pardon me, madam, I'm ashamed to be crying like this in front of you, but I can't hold my tears.
Aren't you ashamed of yourself for having lost your temper like that?
You're nothing more than a social parasite!
There is no simple solution for this problem.
Did you lend any money to my brother?
Did you understand what he had in mind?
Did you understand what he wanted to say?
Don't treat me the same way you would treat a child.
Three out of four Americans believe in the existence of paranormal phenomena.
Both of the brothers are still living.
There were three people waiting in front me.
He's studying history at college.
He's studying history in college.
I don't know what he'll do.
We finally reached the top of the mountain.
Can you identify the man using this picture?
This shirt needs to be washed.
These clothes are dirty and need to be washed.
The plane was late because of bad weather.
The plane was late due to bad weather.
I'd rather die than surrender.
The Japanese word "tatoeba" means "for example."
She has asked the person at the front desk to connect her to that number.
Those prisoners were set free yesterday.
I can't even afford to buy a used car.
Don't treat me as if I were a child.
I'm not one hundred percent convinced that's true.
I'm a student in a university.
Do you recognize him?
And desire follows me at my heels and bites me, for I love you, o Lady Death.
I wonder: What is the point of asking such questions of the students?
I'll take it as a spare.
Where can you play table football?
If there were fruit juices, iced mineral water and hot teas to choose from, I would be even happier.
You're retarded, or something?!
It's never too late.
Rob told me the good news!
Don't get drunk and, please, stop using those fuckin' bangers or my very bad and angry cat will scratch you all!
That woman dreams about me.
Anybody could slip up like that.
Someone is definitely watching out for me and I feel very blessed!
I have a feeling this will be an even better year!
With the wig on, he looked like a woman.
I'm gonna make my first mischief.
I'm going to give you two hints.
I am melting!
My mother has it in for me.
I will not be sad to see you go.
So our wedding wasn't good?
I don't think I'll have the funds by then.
Where did you have in mind?
I'm hoping to go to Nanaimo sometime next year and not just for work.
My younger brother can run about as fast as I can.
The raven is as black as coal.
My brother-in-law is a policeman.
My brother-in-law is a cop.
During the morning I feel very lazy, I don't want to do anything.
My cousin received the call of God and became a priest.
While entering the prison the new guy suffered a heart attack.
I asked my boss a salary advance.
Bring the keys to your brother.
Keep hold of him while your wife calls the police.
"Thoughtfulness" is a long word in English.
That was always so.
She asked me what I expected.
I won a camera in the lottery.
The boat is heading toward the harbor.
Perfection isn't good enough.
Four is an unlucky number in Japan.
Be happy!
She sat down to read a novel.
One cannot study in such noise.
It's impossible to study in such noise.
Let's try to have a nice day.
Do you want me to help you?
That is the cutest thing I have ever seen.
We have waited for you the whole day.
We need to chat soon.
I would love to hear about how your wedding planning is going!
I don't want an angel.
We all want something.
Tom is always watching TV.
Tom told Mary that she was being childish.
I'm also dating someone from the office.
Men are children their whole life.
They will probably handle this well.
Not everyone is dishonest.
She scratched her itch through the scalp to the brain.
My cat looks sad.
Seeing a human face in a cloud is an example of pareidolia.
I've seen that movie many times, but I'd like to see it again.
True, she knows a lot about cooking, but she's not a good cook.
My friend lives in this house.
I was the last one to start in the race, but I soon caught up with the others.
The sweatsuit doesn't fit me anymore.
The food wasn't very delicious, but otherwise the party was a success.
We thought some students would come, but there was nobody the classroom.
We had hoped some students would come, but there was no one in the classroom.
Due to excitement, I became tongue-tied.
That job wasn't very interesting. However, the pay was good.
"How about a cup of coffee?" "I wish I could, but I have some place I have to go."
Historians, for his part said Chateaubriand, do not they lie a little more than the poets?
The words are on the tip of my tongue, but I don't quite know how to say what I want to say.
I got fired from the company, but since I have a little money saved up, for the time being, I won't have trouble with living expenses.
Laura decided to come out.
I know you're upset about your car being totaled, but you weren't injured and you should be thankful to be alive.
Money can't buy everything.
She has a boyfriend she's been going out with since high school, but she feels their relationship has stagnated, so she's become dissatisfied.
She has a boyfriend she's been going out with since high school, but she feels their relationship is in a rut, so she's become discontented.
They are still looking for the child.
I consider my driving skills to be above average.
She is far away, but I still love her.
The party was totally awful.
Peugeot, Renault and Citroen are French car manufacturers.
How do I type the "at" sign for an email address?
His respect for him, with the passage of time, became love.
I followed my lessons diligently.
Many things happened on the same day.
That's right. In Japanese, "uetoresu" corresponds both to the English "waitress" and "weightless". However, "waitress" is the more common meaning.
Ain't no pot so crooked, you can't find a lid to fit.
Shall we eat dinner out today?
Apologizing is a great virtue.
Love begins to emerge between the two.
There are few painters like Picasso.
The Nissan Leaf is powered only by electricity.
Electric cars don't function as well in cold weather.
That's an old tale.
I haven't drawn for years.
I spoke to my parents.
I'll come back by the morning.
Everyone made it to the party.
Listen to the teachers.
Obey your teachers.
The TV didn't announce anything.
The newspapers didn't publish anything.
He's against the facts.
Do you believe Judas betrayed Jesus Christ?
Who did you kill?
We have already forgiven you.
I have forgiven her already.
I left my umbrella here, but now I can't find it.
Try the cake.
She cried out of homesickness.
Paulo, they spoke ill of you in school.
I'm coming from grandpa now, and going to my uncle.
Nothing disturbs her.
It seems like I'm going to have a hard day.
I don't want anything.
I am nothing.
Oh God, oh God, what do I do?
Everyone was surprised when I went into the room.
There was nobody in there.
The former President's death was announced.
They were unfair to him.
Civil engineers are needed.
Who wants to be a millionaire?
Some birds can break the sound barrier.
Pardon me, how do I get to Downing Street from here?
Yonge street is a famous street in Toronto.
The poor man really has a stake in the country. The rich man hasn’t; he can go away to New Guinea in a yacht.
The poor have sometimes objected to being governed badly; the rich have always objected to being governed at all.
Italy is the only country that regards war as a soccer game, and a soccer game as it is a war.
Who are you? I guess you're not from here.
Are your friends Portuguese or Brazilian?
I didn't know Guillermo and Tamara were brother and sister.
Laura, are you a teacher?
You are his brother, right?
Helena is a secretary, right?
Is there anybody in there?
He who is born in Japan is Japanese.
He who is born in Sweden is Swedish.
He who is born in Brazil is Brazilian.
Whether the medicine will work or not is uncertain.
He fell into critical condition.
He has spent ten years in jail for murder.
Hm, do you really want to know it?
He won't forgive me so easily.
Did you see grandpa's wheelchair?
I'll come back, I promise.
I'm sorry for having deceived you.
Are you thinking the same thing I am?
She dates any guy, poor or rich.
Let's get out of here before the police come.
I'll tell you the truth, I lied to you.
I feel so pretty.
I never concealed anything from you.
You never appreciated the things I do for you.
I love her perfume.
He committed his worst crime on me.
You do everything I tell you not to.
I deal with that.
"What are you laughing at?" "Your face."
He is an FBI agent.
I don't have a beach house.
Mr. Roberto? You're under arrest.
Everyone says I was very brave, but I just did my work.
My friend was shot.
I did it because I had no choice.
Hey pal. I just want to help you.
Everyone has secrets.
Are you telling me you are not my father?
I had never seen such a shiny star.
I can't help you if I don't know where you are.
You punch like a girl.
Nobody messes with him.
It's very hot. These clothes are going to kill you!
I think you're going to need that for a day.
He shot him in the knee.
Out of my way or I shoot you.
The dog is rolling over on the ground.
I liked the article I read a lot.
I'm going to make a little fruit salad for everyone.
They just had a very serious conversation.
Give me your hand. I'll explain you later.
We're all very proud of you.
I hadn't realized it was him.
Head or tail?
Take your seat.
I'm sorry, but your names aren't on the list.
It won't be easy to get into a Ph.D. program.
I don't know how I did it. The important thing is that I did it.
I totally agree with his definition of friendship.
I want an English muffin.
Let's have scones with our tea.
I understand, but that's the way things are. You have to accept it.
You messed with the wrong guy!
Who bought you this dress?
This squid is five quids.
Tom asked Mary to quit smoking.
Green stands for hope.
In the beginning, Catalina had no more than two thousand soldiers.
Don't believe people who knows everything.
I like Alex Marcelo.
"Don't lie" doesn't necessarily means "tell the truth".
Tom asked Mary to sing louder.
Bad answers show the way to the right ones.
Tom asked Mary to wait for him here.
Don't worry, you have me.
My parents are going to kill me!
You have to play my games.
Medicines must have a bitter taste, or else they won't help.
Speaking the same language doesn't mean having the same opinion.
It's your fault that I just lost my job.
I just wrecked my car in a traffic accident.
I hope he leaves in a few hours.
We can begin tonight.
Come on, do it for me. You're not going to die from meeting my parents.
He drives a pink Cadillac.
Don't come to pick me up. There's no need to.
When we were on the way to pick up Monica, we saw something frightening.
I went to pick you up, but you were already gone.
I'm going to the fruit store for oranges.
It's the Union Jack!
What a pair of morons!
That's bollocks!
This country's roads are the most dangerous in the world.
There was an accident on the side of the road.
Bookmark this site.
I took my revenge.
I like you very much!
She presented me to her brother.
He presented me to his brother.
What happened to the Jag?
He got the section chief's daughter pregnant and was demoted.
Then what do you need the money for?
It's so sloooooooooow.
You were always there and I never knew.
The square of nine is eighty-one.
Send this box to this address, please.
Place the old newspapers in a box and put it away immediately.
They dug up a box containing human remains.
You have no right to open this box.
Don't open the box. There could be a bomb inside.
The ship is unloading the boxes.
This box is square, not rectangular.
The label is stuck on the box.
The box's label said: "made in China".
The box is from Chile, according to the label.
The box contains units.
The box has not many presents.
These boxes have plenty space on the interior.
The mysteries will be unveiled when the box is finally opened.
Round boxes? Are you nuts?
I keep all my telephone receipts in this box.
The new telescope was shipped in a huge wooden box.
The box is too heavy to load.
These boxes are fragile.
The cardboard boxes are fragile.
Put away the dress in the box after the wedding.
The rockets cost twenty reais a box.
My sister works as a cashier.
The money got stained after the cash dispenser was forced.
Place the boxes one above the other, please.
Never did I see such powerful speakers.
Are your speakers Philips or Samsung?
I bought a set of brand new speakers.
I need new speakers for my PC.
I paid R$2600.for these speakers.
Modern music boxes accept even USB flash drives now.
I gave her a tiny musical box.
Argentinian grapes for five reals a box!
We haven't any lid for a box that big.
I found a huge sealed box when I opened the door to my house.
Seal the box with glue, and not with tape.
The police found boxes that contained marijuana and other drugs inside the trunk of the car.
The label warns that the contents of the box are fragile.
Do you really have free tickets for the concert?
I'll give grandma a shirt for Christmas.
Marco and Laura met each other in a day trip to the mountain.
Cardboard boxes rip easily.
The box is broken.
We didn't know the box had holes in it. We lost half of the load along the way.
If the box has holes in it, try to mend it with tape or something.
Laura is watching the news on television.
Listen to the album again and tell me later if you like it.
I haven't found my little box of happiness yet.
I'm teaching my cat to do its business in the sandbox.
I bought two milk boxes. We're going to make a cake.
Take this to your toys box.
Put the pliers in the tool box.
The boys are still playing in the sandbox.
The TV is off but it is still warm.
Plastic boxes last longer.
The box has holes in it.
The boxes are rectangular, not square.
Make sure all the boxes are well sealed before they're delivered.
Many boxes are produced out of aluminium.
The boxes produced here are made of a very consistent material.
They say metal boxes are great heat conductors.
You need a key to open the box.
Someone's coming, close the box and conceal it!
Don't sit on that box! You'll break it!
I'm not in favor of this plan.
She asked me: "Who arrived first?"
She didn't send me any letter.
I had already told you that Marco is a liar.
I had already told you that Marco lies more than he speaks.
It was the most boring trip of my entire life.
Lead is a metal.
You can spend the night with us.
If I had a dog, I'd call it Tom.
Paris is a rather expensive city.
The characters created by Walt Disney are known by kids all over the world.
I happened to find a bicycle discarded at the roadside.
No thank you, I don't need a plastic bag.
I learn the language by myself.
Is there a vegan dish on your menu?
It won't work.
Please unlink sentence 123456.
I don't eat pork, beef or eggs.
As long as there's no meat, anything is fine.
Why don't you give me a few suggestions?
But, I don't eat even a little bit of meat.
Hello, I'm so hungry!
The word of the year in Denmark is "Arab spring". Other proposed words were "fat tax", "broken promises" and "road rage".
Tips are not accepted.
How much do you leave for a tip to a taxi driver in New York?
He can't do that.
He can't do it.
He isn't able to do it.
He isn't able to do that.
He's unable to do that.
She was born in Switzerland.
She is old.
Nothing is more important than empathy.
I have revenge for breakfast, lunch, and dinner.
On the arrow that hits him, the bird sees his own feathers.
These mushrooms have a revulsive effect. If you drink alcohol after having eaten them, you will feel very sick.
I think it will be sunny tomorrow.
Who ate up the cake?
I warned him he was wearing my slippers.
He knows I'll call you.
She knows that I'll call you.
My mum was so tired that she went to bed early.
At night, we see more stars here than in Tokyo.
He was a true dinosaur!
We all know you go to the cinema to watch "Twilight" because of its "brilliant script" and not because of its actors.
I truly regret that.
It will cost however much it costs.
Let's say I'm talking about you.
A man standing on the cliff was about to commit suicide by jumping into the void.
She is aware of her beauty.
Is he coming by train or by bus?
In my language, the "," is called comma, the ";" is called semicolon, ":" is called colon, "..." are called ellipsis, and this sentence ends with a period.
A bento is a small meal made of boiled rice and seaweed, that is sold in cheap wooden boxes.
Do you know his number by heart?
Do you know his number?
She let slip that she had found out about her brother's embarrassing little secret.
Everyone in town knows his name.
They're barely paid minimum wage.
That's just a waste of taxpayer money.
Gontran often played with Olga in the streets of Nîmes.
Achille was born in Paris in 1908.
The king had clearly overstepped his constitutional role.
Odette was born in Nantes in 1905.
Let's not speak ill of the people from the countryside. Without them, we couldn't live in Paris.
Sophie was a glutton.
When a woman's angry, you only need four little kisses to make her happy.
When a woman's angry, four little kisses are all you need to comfort her.
A book which, more than all others in the world, should be forbidden, is a catalog of the forbidden books.
There is nothing in the world that doesn't teach us a good lesson.
We mustn't joke around with love.
He was prejudiced against women drivers.
The witch cast a spell on the naughty boy.
When I looked at her, she smiled at me.
Buying a house has stopped being a good investment.
A leak has been found at Tokyo Electricity's Fukishima reactor number 1, and liters of waters have escaped into the sea.
When they finally found him, it was too late.
How was that storm last night?
Let me fix the car.
Some say that he was a musician in his youth.
May I eat this apple?
School's out for summer.
It's the first time I've heard that.
Mary followed her friend to the hotel because she didn't know the area well.
Will you ever tell me your age?
That's very romantic!
It's quite cold this morning. Look, my breath comes out white.
That guy doesn't know the meaning of the word harmony.
My hand is so numb with cold that I can't move my fingers.
I wish that you had brought a heating pack. It's a necessary article in winter.
I wish that you had brought a kairo. It's a necessary article in winter.
My brother got cheeky.
Give me a hint.
This is a harp.
There's only one way to find out.
I haven't gotten around to doing it yet.
My brother became cheeky.
He's a blue blood.
Thank you for your letter!
I'll go meet her soon.
I'll go meet them soon.
Corporal punishment is now prohibited in schools.
All we do is study.
My girlfriend works at a language school and loves it very much.
My boyfriend works at a language school and loves it very much.
My significant other works at a language school and loves it very much.
My SO works at a language school and loves it very much.
I'm going in first.
It's incredibly easy to cheat the system.
I got a perfect score on the math section.
Where are you getting the money from?
Books are children of the brain.
My grandmother really likes watching TV a lot.
My grandmother loves watching TV.
When death approaches, all you can do is slowly chew your fingernails.
All of us try to be what none of us couldn't be except when some of us were what the rest of us desired.
An application of a qualifier precludes non-partaking instances from the compound meaning of a term.
We stayed at the most expensive hotel in town.
I find that hard to believe.
Lithuania enters the European Union.
Lithuania is joining the European Union.
Give me a tip.
He has a very interesting book.
All my efforts are nothing compared to yours.
The Cold War may have ended, but the fear of war has not yet been removed from the minds of men.
Not only is sex a safe activity but it is also recommended against depression, and contrary to other physical activities, food or even video games, you can't have too much of it.
This unfettered power goes against the democracy.
Rivers were the ancient form of sewage disposal.
Books are the offspring of one's mind.
Honeycomb design may improve thin-film solar cells.
Peaking of price difference is huge.
Shale rock is a sedimentary rock made up of clay, compacted together by pressure.
I think Frankfurters have much more taste than Viennese.
This can be a spinous question.
There are no stupid questions, only stupid answers.
Instead of ink there was some kind of strange fluid in the bottle.
He speaks Esperanto with a slight French accent.
He rolled over in his sleep.
He turned over in bed.
It's gradually getting colder.
If you go fishing tomorrow, I'll go, too.
Resentment is like drinking a poison and waiting for the other person to die.
I can't open it!
I cannot open it!
They'll probably be able to cope with the difficulties.
I miss it.
Read this story!
Your airplane is ready.
Can you break a 1,yen bill?
What is subtracted from 10?
What do people eat in Egypt?
Shouldn't we be going soon?
Which one do you think she chose?
Which do you think she chose?
Are you serious about what you're saying?
May I ask you for your name and address?
"What should I do?" I said to myself.
Do you want this octopus to have fewer legs?
Do you understand what he's saying?
I didn't say with me.
Very beautiful. Thank you very much!
During the evening I've been sad as I've eaten anchovy. In the morning the doctor cheered me up; why did I have to be sad? After all, it was I who ate the anchovy, and not the anchovy that ate me.
This sentence can be interpreted in two ways.
The absent saint gets no candle.
I would like to give you a bicycle as a present for your birthday.
Are we driving around in circles?
Some changes are needed.
He died from acute lymphoblastic leukemia.
Apparently some people need my blood more than I do.
Your theory has no scientific basis.
You are making a big fuss.
In this sign you will conquer.
This should becalm you.
Moreover, I am of the opinion that Carthage must be destroyed.
She was thrown back onto her own resources.
Books are the offspring of someone's mind.
Books are the offspring of someone's brains.
Will Apple lose its mojo now that its visionary founder is dead?
He always turns to drink to get away from his troubles.
We see with our eyes, we hear with our ears, we touch with our skin, we smell with our nose, and we taste with our tongue.
It´s all very well in theory, but will it work in practice?
With the eyes, we see; with the ears, we hear; with the skin, we touch; with the nose, we smell; and with the tongue, we taste.
"In" is a preposition.
Today I woke up early.
Having heard his love confession, the girl blushed.
Buy me a turtle, Mom, please buy me a turtle!
I met my teacher on the way to the railway station.
The word "esperanto" means "one who hopes". It was the pseudonym of the creator of the international language.
The letters "sch" in German words and "sh" in English are written "ŝ" in Esperanto. That saves space and ink.
There are few volunteers here at the headquarters.
The first native speaker of Esperanto was born in 1904; today there are several thousand Esperanto native speakers.
Esperanto changes the problem, because one can learn Esperanto as well as his mother tongue -- and perhaps even better than it.
Men are mortal because of their fears, and immortal because of their hopes.
She tried in vain to conceal her fear.
I never fail to take a bath every day.
I'll give my son a computer by the end of the month.
This soup tastes like fish.
I do a lot in parallel, therefore I do not only read Akutagawa. At the moment, I am reading more and more in English. I am also reading a bit in German every day.
We had a party outside.
Our apple tree is blooming.
That girl looks like a boy.
I do many things at the same time, so not only am I reading things by Akutagawa, I've also increased the amount of time I spend reading in English and I also read a little in German every day.
I moved closer, so I could hear better.
Not for eating do we live, but for living, we eat.
Which of your parents do you think you look like?
Please note, a road interchange ahead.
How sad is this face.
He's so cute.
He didn't notice the interchange ahead of him.
Just be careful of the stairs.
Don't throw out the baby with the bath water.
I wish I could afford to rent it!
You shouldn't throw out the baby with the bath water.
It's an awesome house.
I'm sure you'll find someone pretty quickly.
Please slow down when getting close to the intersection.
I'm uploading pictures from New Year's Eve.
Wade lifts heavier weights than that.
Steroids sound like an easier solution.
I think about you every time I brush my teeth.
I hope to see you this Friday.
She took her dog to the park before breakfast.
The waiter was downstairs.
People used to think the sun revolved around the earth.
As soon as he opened the door, he smelled something burning.
What's that building behind the hospital?
Why are you always late for school?
Why is it that you're always late for school?
Look after the place while we're out, OK?
Do you hear someone moving around in the next room?
It stuck in his craw that he was forced to step down from his position after years.
The doctor advised him to work less.
Let's add ambiguous sentences more often.
Please, we need your help!
We don't help racists to promote their delirium caused by ignorance and stupidity.
I am who I am.
This segment is brought to you by the Ford Motor Company.
How'd you get that shiner?
Don't underestimate him. Believe me, he'll make good on his threat.
Time is the thing that keeps everything from happening at once.
Why is it that guys who sleep around are studs and girls who sleep around are sluts?
If you walk your dog, scoop the poop.
I hate him with every fiber of my being.
Suddenly I heard a commotion in the alley and went to see what was going on.
You seem distracted today.
His book is riddled with shoddy research.
The dog bared its fangs and growled as I approached the gate.
The old farmer takes potshots at people who stray too close to his property.
He's an aristocrat.
It's very hot during the summer.
Franco has blue jeans.
Politics are the life.
Get on the cat.
Stamina is the capacity to carry on a physical or mental activity for an extensive period of time without getting tired. You can increase your stamina by training, by maintaining a healthy lifestyle and by consuming a healthy and balanced diet.
This explains everything!
Sometimes, it's difficult to choose.
The end of the world is very close!
The end of the world is very near!
Do not think that love, in order to be genuine, has to be extraordinary. What we need is to love without getting tired.
We are the cream of the crop!
That cormorant lost the ability to fly.
I have come to kill you.
I don't have time to sleep.
Let's choose a name for the child.
Let's pick a name for the child.
You cannot at all imagine how much suffer you caused her.
The cabinet asked the army to send a disaster relief mission to Okinawa.
The government asked the army to send a disaster relief mission to Okinawa.
Falling on ice hurts.
This film was surprisingly interesting.
Let the cobbler stick to his last.
I'd like to change the way my room looks.
How soon will you be able to finish that job?
When will you be able to finish that job?
What's 5,rounded to the nearest thousand?
Did you listen to the broadcast of the National Diet's debate?
I'm wondering how long $will last me.
How long will one hundred dollars last me?
What made you decide to come here now?
"What should I do next?" she said to herself.
There's a bird singing in the cage, isn't there?
There are birds singing in the cage, aren't there?
Won't you eat lunch with me?
Won't you eat lunch with us?
Would you like to eat lunch together?
Do you agree with Mr. Burns or do you agree with Mr. Roland?
Who do you agree with, Mr. Burns or Mr. Roland?
Do you know who wrote this book?
Do you have any questions about the food?
Would you please tell me what I should do next?
Do you have enough money for the trip?
What should we do during our next vacation?
What do you want to do for our next holiday?
Would you please tell me how to spell that word?
Do you remember that baffling murder case?
Would you please send this letter by airmail?
Are there any good movies being shown this week?
Have you studied cooking or something?
Would you like to go on a trip with me?
Chessboxing is a sport for real men.
He's a weird guy.
A sensible person wouldn't speak to you like that.
Very young children don't know many words.
He's a strange guy.
This beer isn't cold.
When you have a question, ask the teacher.
Behave yourself while I'm gone.
If you have time, why don't you drop by his gallery?
You should drop by his gallery if you have time.
Brush your teeth after eating.
By the time you get back, I'll be gone.
Call me if you need my assistance.
Call me if you need my help.
Call me if you need assistance.
Call me if you need help.
To get a prescription, go to a doctor.
I'm busy, otherwise I'd accept your invitation.
I'm busy. If that weren't the case, I'd accept your invitation.
Anything worth doing is worth doing well.
I'm glad I was able to help you last week.
I'm not as fond of music as you are.
I don't like music as much as you do.
I'm not the same person I was when you first met me.
Would you please repeat what you said? I didn't quite catch your name.
I beg your pardon. I didn't quite catch your name.
I don't think I can get you to understand how difficult that is.
I can't thank you enough for all your kindness.
I don't remember ever wanting to become a fireman or a baseball player when I was young.
Since I haven't received an answer, I was wondering if maybe my mail never got delivered to you.
I heard that you became the manager of the Sydney branch.
Please send this package right away.
I'd like you to send this package for me right away.
I'll take care of your kitten while you're gone.
I'd be very glad if you came.
In the meantime, the majority of the Germans demand Wulff's resignation.
I'd be happy if you'd come.
I'd like you to look after my dog while I'm away.
I'd like you to look after my dog while I'm out.
I'd like you to look after my dog while I'm gone.
In the meantime, the majority of the Germans demand that Wulff resign.
A "shiitake" is a kind of mushroom.
A "shiitake" is a type of mushroom.
It's about time you went to the barber's.
It's about time you got a haircut.
Deceiving your colleagues isn't good.
You shouldn't deceive your colleagues.
It's strange that you don't know anything about that matter.
Thank you for doing the cooking while I was sick in bed.
Thank you for preparing meals for me while I was sick in bed.
It'd be better if you didn't see my grandpa today.
You shouldn't visit my grandfather today.
English is the language of the world.
It's written in pencil, so you can erase it.
Thank you for seeing me off.
Observe your cat carefully. If you do so, you'll get to know your cat well.
You shouldn't allow your son to act like a selfish brat.
You shouldn't allow your son to always have his own way.
My girlfriend is very jealous.
You're just another notch in my bedpost.
Her only desire is to see him again soon.
That isn't enough.
That doesn't suffice.
I work during the night.
She has a ravenous craving for chocolate.
The space bar is an alphanumerical keyboard's key.
Afterwards, he will be an archeologist. This is also the sole profession, in which even after you have already touched the bottom, you still continue digging...
We used to have airplanes, but we had to sell them.
This stool is made up of leather and wood.
He is from home.
It's magic.
Mind over matter.
I really like the sound and rhythm of your translation.
This world's salvation lies exclusively in the heart of the human being, in its ability to reflect, in humility and responsibility.
These are old photos.
I'm calling you.
No one will stop me.
My best friend is called Dominga.
I have an electric guitar.
How did you spend Christmas?
Do psychiatrists need psychiatrists?
Jesus takes checks.
I can't remember anything from last night.
After years of failed experiments, I can say I've finally discovered the only absolutely flawless instant cure for hiccups!
It's too hot and I'm very tired.
Disgusting!
I don't want to spend my vacations locked inside my house.
We deserve these politicians.
I have coulrophobia.
She made me laugh a lot.
We were better when it was worse.
According to you, who will make it to the final?
The eyes say more than a thousand words.
I'll go crying to bed.
I don't feel like doing anything, and I'm not getting up to turn on the fan.
Anyone who would do such a stupid thing must be a perfect fool.
Nobody believes in him.
That's the only thing we could be certain of!
Where can you buy books?
What is the best concert you've ever been to?
Right now my father is not at home.
She is busy right now and she can't speak with you.
Sharing joy multiplies it.
Shared joy multiplies itself.
How can you become happy? By making others happy.
You look content.
You seem content.
Why does this slice exist?
I'm wont to take a shower in the morning.
I felt like a shudder was sent through me.
When you were a child you feared the gloom.
Can you see that flickering light?
He's homeward bound.
Something she told me makes me worry that I'm in big trouble.
What is the feeling of being an only child?
How does it feel to be an only child?
Don't call her now.
Don't call him now.
They win hands down!
We were left without gas when we were on our way.
My battery is flat.
Keep the estate, but revamp the house!
My battery is dead.
She began to prettify herself.
He turned years old.
He turned 16.
She turned 16.
She brought him up in the Jewish faith.
She turned years old.
I arrived safe and sound this morning.
Do you mind cutting up the steak?
We are involved in a legal wrangle over payments.
The region boasts the most beautiful ladies of the country.
I was left without a battery.
I don't have a battery anymore.
The girl is happily reading.
The girl is reading happily.
That's why we are here.
Did you already eat at home?
Did you already have a meal or not?
It's a pity no one here studies Belarusian.
You are the last person whom I expected to meet here.
You deserve a present.
He lives in the yellow house.
The violence of one nation against another, generated by religious and nationalist ideals, led to the creation of a new term to describe the cold desire for total extinction of a group of people, based on criteria of color, ethnicity, or religion.
Genocides of the twentieth century killed more people than all the wars.
More than million Armenians and Jews died simply for being different.
Today, grandchildren and great-grandchildren of genocide struggle for recognition of the massacres, seeking justice for past crimes on behalf of family members who were brutally murdered.
The understanding of the present is impossible without a good understanding of the past.
Yet education is the only factor that can inhibit prejudice, be it between ethnicities or genders.
Education should be firm in explaining to young children that differences exist and have to be respected — therefore the importance of a secular and impartial state.
The government can carry out exterminations, such as what has come to be called the Holocaust, which included Jews, homosexuals, Romani, and the mentally and physically disabled.
It's up to each one of us to understand that subspecies is a biological concept, lacking in the species Homo sapiens sapiens.
I hope he comes tomorrow.
I have to go to the bank now.
She is someone you can trust.
She made him tidy his room.
Tom will be here in just a moment.
Would you be able to call a doctor for me?
Would you mind calling a doctor for me?
Could you do me a favour and call a doctor?
Last year in the summer I worked part-time on a farm.
Wood can be made into all sorts of things.
If you had a million yen, what would you do with it?
There's no doubt that Sharon is capable.
She blushed when he praised her.
Beauty is a matter of opinion but ugliness is universal.
Thank you for helping me to do my homework.
My cousin has blonde curly hair.
However much I like!
We have gas heating.
They called their son John.
He never listens to what I am trying to say.
His pencil has been sharpened.
I know that he is watching me.
You only have to stand there without doing anything.
It seemed like you were happy.
When will your father arrive?
This affair is rapidly turning into a scandal.
My father always sleeps while watching the TV.
She works all night.
Today I feel better than I did yesterday.
The floor in this area needs to be redone.
I have a feeling that she'll come today.
The ticket is valid for one week.
Help! They're going to hit me!
Help! They're going to stab me!
The life cycle of an amphibian consists of three stages: egg, larva and adult.
We all want prices to come down.
That story cannot possibly be true.
That story can't be true.
This hotel belongs to my brother-in-law.
I was in hospital a few days ago.
As for me, I don't like eggs.
I haven't read this story and neither has my sister.
In France every restaurant has some method by which you don't have to pay, in China it is the opposite.
The ship carried hundreds of immigrants to America.
I am so exhausted!
She is convinced that her son is still alive.
I know! Let me just say that Keiko is my SECOND cousin!
I thought about how much had happened in the last two hours.
That word is very difficult to translate.
He took a real liking to that house.
He may not be able to come.
It seems like she will win a prize.
Stay at home if you are able to!
Without a doubt the rodent best adapted to living in rivers and marshlands is the beaver.
The region boasts the most beautiful women in the country.
She was brought up according to the Jewish religion.
I'm going to work during the spring vacation.
I'm going to study English this afternoon.
I'm taking my son to the zoo this afternoon.
I'm going to the theater on the corner.
I'm looking forward to the summer vacation.
As of 2012, Maggi Seasoning is years old.
She picked up the phone.
You are just stating the obvious.
After reading all of his stories, Christopher Columbus became one of my favorite heroes.
Have you discovered anything new today?
I would just like to say one thing.
You know something.
I'm kind of excited, too.
I would love to go.
Tom depends on Mary too much.
He was put up for adoption.
She is basing her research on the results of the survey.
It seems as if he is finally branching out from his specialist subject area.
When I tried to explain my reasons he simply became even angrier.
If in Tatoeba all the languages are equal, why are there more sentences in favor of Esperanto than in favor of the rest of the languages?
She approaches everything with a businesslike attitude.
There were some problems with continuity from the old administration to the new.
Tom stared into the impenetrable blackness of the night sky.
"It's time to start seeding", he said.
She stretched every day in order to become able to do the splits.
The experience soured his outlook on life.
He began skinning the animal.
The cat always scatters my stuff around the room.
I always add a spoonful of honey to my tea.
She had a real talent for smoothing over troubled situations.
If you take the ring road, you'll get there faster.
He successfully smoothed over any problems during the negotiations.
She stirs the soup regularly.
He stirs his tea before drinking it.
Tom felt the stiffness in his joints as he stood up after sitting in the same position for a long time.
She stretched to relieve the stiffness in her back.
She felt him stiffen in surprise when he heard the news.
He spat on the ground in disgust.
They had a spat yesterday.
She tidies her daughter's room every day.
She stacked the trays in the cupboard.
They toured France during their honeymoon.
He moved stiffly after doing too much in the gym the day before.
He seemed to be the sorriest of all who had been involved.
She protested weakly, but ended up joining in with everyone else.
She found confrontations very upsetting.
She always urges him to try new things.
After witnessing the crime Tom suffered from shock.
She wipes the bar after every customer.
The birds are weathering the storm underneath the eaves of the house.
He always waxes lyrical about his wonderful new job.
Mary waxes her legs every month.
His mother knitted him a woolly jumper every year for Christmas.
She sprained both of her wrists in the fall.
He whistles as he walks to work.
Most children grow out of wetting the bed by the age of seven or eight.
Waxing is a painful but necessary part of most women's beauty routine.
Waxing is one method of hair removal.
It is dangerous to generalise about a situation which you do not fully understand.
When applying for a student loan you must report any dependants.
The committee can only act in an advisory capacity.
He often accuses her of never listening to what he says.
He walked onto stage while the audience were applauding.
He was clearly angling for a reduction on his rent.
He gave her an approving nod.
He has ten children.
She is attracting comments from all quarters.
Everything is perfect.
She stretched by arching her back.
There were a pile of binders on the desk.
He bicycled to the beach every weekend.
Her attractiveness is not immediately obvious.
He bowed his head ashamedly.
He interrupted them while they were breakfasting.
He is accustomed to braving the cold.
The dog went bounding across the field.
The winter sunlight was blinding.
He was bowled over by her enthusiasm.
She wore a dress with a boned bodice.
The blades of grass tickled her feet.
He is blameless in this situation.
God blesses those who repent.
He is accustomed to bribing anyone who gets in his way.
Her cardigan was unbuttoned.
She is burying her head in the sand.
She spoke breathlessly when she finally managed to catch up with him.
She enjoys going clubbing with her friends.
There are many complicating factors.
She spent all of her Christmases at home with her family.
He carted her off home a few hours ago.
He spoke despairingly of his son's actions.
Tom always puts a damper on things.
Do you know how to play the piano?
No matter what you do you must always do it to the best of your ability.
The childrens' room is messy.
Is she single or married?
I have five copies but I need double that.
Why do you love me?
He often forgets to keep his promises.
Mammy, you are an exploiter!
I've forgotten your address.
I've never known a girl so affected. She's really unbearable!
It depends on whether or not we are able to get tickets.
How lazy are you really?
The minister elected one of his close friends to a key position.
Dear Santa, I want a girlfriend for Christmas.
My son believes in Santa Claus.
When I was a child, I believed in Father Christmas.
Let's eat now. I'm dying of hunger.
Modern art doesn't interest me.
Two girls and three boys live in the apartment, each one coming from a different country.
Whoever wants to learn to ride a horse must first learn to mount and unmount correctly.
She cleaned out all of the kitchen cupboards.
She couldn't accept the cruelties of life.
He was disciplined for his wrongdoing.
She's done for.
I've got a funny feeling about that guy.
I'm beginning to lose my patience.
It´s an excellent piece of work. You´ve certainly been polishing your skills, haven´t you!
I don't know if he's a doctor.
You should take a day off.
She readily listened to my request.
She kindly listened to my request.
She graciously listened to my request.
He didn't drink the milk.
He didn't drink that milk.
That's rich, coming from you of all people!
I didn't drink that milk.
He is like a father to me.
When it seemed miniskirts couldn't be any shorter, they found out they could be shortened from above.
I don't care if they're famous.
The mayor is yelling on the phone.
I don't accept the proposal! And that's it!
Raul Seixas is a very famous musician among Brazilians.
That island's population lives on fishing.
We live on what we take from the woods.
The radio arrived in this country not long ago.
Kyoto is the most beautiful in the autumn.
A man was found dead between the bushes.
This is a good place for hunting.
Valentine's Day is close, and I still don't know what to give to her.
Don't forget to shut the doors before going out.
My uncle studies English at the university.
You'll end up getting an electric shock if you don't insulate that wire.
Stop pretending and confess the truth.
Christopher Columbus was the spearhead of the biggest invasion and genocide ever seen in the history of humanity.
Columbus Day should be remembered as "Indian Resistance Day".
Spanish, Portuguese and other foreign conquerors massacred South America's Indian inhabitants at an average rate of roughly one every minutes.
Go to the hardware store and buy a roll of insulating tape.
She had never traveled by subway.
You have no right to answer.
The thief knocked down the jewelry store's door and looted it.
My parrot died yesterday.
The eclipse happened on Friday night.
You could say the team lost because of their bad serves.
I asked her to dance.
You don't need to bring up the matter.
I took my shoes off.
Do not draw hasty conclusions.
I made copies of that book here in the stationary store.
There are three things that won't come back in life: the shot arrow, the uttered word, and the missed chance.
I hate raccoons.
Am I thinking of garbage cans?
Are you in a band?
I have faith in you.
I always drink a glass of milk before going to bed.
I can't live without her.
Maybe it is destiny.
Maybe it's destiny.
Some mean man is trying to buy Charlie.
You make my head hurt.
I have a brother who's the same age as you.
You can't say that it is a good hobby.
I have an older brother who's the same age as you.
I can't find Tom. Has he gone already?
Many young people are out of work in that country.
It will rain tomorrow.
She knows the main capital cities.
You can hear sounds in the distance better on clear days than you can on cloudy days.
Are you able to tell the difference between butter and margarine?
The homework is due next week.
I phoned him.
Which road did you choose?
Mark and Paul are my friends: one is a doctor and the other is a cobbler.
A cobbler is also known as a shoemaker.
History is like a waltz, eternally following the three steps of war, peace and revolution.
That's good to hear!
The picnic was cancelled due to the rain.
The agreement between the two results is just shy of 50%.
I have doubts about his career.
I have doubts about his popularity.
I have doubts about his success.
You can only smoke in the roof garden.
You can only smoke on the terrace.
Hydrogen is the lightest element.
We're not gods, but mere men.
He cannot keep a secret to himself.
And who is this guest standing next to the piano?
Can you recommend a good game to me?
I stopped smoking three years ago.
Hand over the map!
Stephen died.
Man is born without teeth, without hair, and without illusions. And he dies the same way: without teeth, without hair, and without illusions.
My mother always gets involved in my private life.
Cities are stimulating, but also stressful places.
Today is a holiday.
I didn't like that.
I don't wish to steal the next speaker's thunder, so I'll finish at this point.
The door is on the latch.
The first day of school is Monday.
This kind of restrictive legislation is bound to hobble the economy.
Please come. I really want to meet you.
Please give me the newspaper when you've finished reading it.
Let me say a few words about our greatest success: until now we have always succeeded in creating problems where there weren't any before.
Please leave a message on my answering machine.
Please fasten your seat belt during takeoff and landing.
Read the kind of books that are useful to you.
Read the kind of books that teach you something.
Read books that are worthwhile.
She's busy now and can't speak to you.
She's busy now and can't talk with you.
"Learn from your mistakes" and "Experience is the best teacher" they say, but in the long run even the best teacher gets mad, if he or she has too much to teach in too little time.
She's busy now, so she can't talk with you.
Someone came ten minutes ago.
He doesn't know English.
I really appreciated it.
Quit eating so quickly. You should eat more slowly.
Don't wolf down your food. You should eat more slowly.
Stop inhaling your food. You should eat more slowly.
Tom appreciated the gift that Mary gave him.
Tom appreciates it when Mary comes to visit him in the hospital.
Thank you very much. I appreciate your help.
I appreciate your offer, but I'd like to try to do this on my own.
It's up to you whether you study or not.
Be careful not to fail.
Be careful not to fall.
I don't feel like partying.
Peel the apple before you eat it.
Let's party!
This is the best thing on earth.
We partied all night long.
I don't feel like celebrating.
I just don't feel like going out tonight.
I don't feel like doing anything right now.
I don't feel like dancing.
The basic idea of Esperanto is the humanist concept of creating a joyful world where life is a pleasure. A world in which travelling is a sparkling delight full of discoveries.
The party was in full swing when he left.
I bank on him to solve the matter.
It's a long story.
The new article will be phased in in the market.
Magpies are very intelligent animals.
He pronounced his judgment over such vehement behaviour.
Which Harry Potter book is your favourite?
I get back on the 22.(train) to Bologna.
Mary has stopped smoking.
I'm certain that Mum will be angry.
She was too tired to keep on working.
I asked my boss for a pay rise.
Alice has a flower in her hair.
We can build a wall with bricks and mortar.
To be absolutely truthful, you suck at football.
They're handling the issue with levity.
My mother signaled for Alice to follow her.
I'm at loose ends since I finished my homework.
The person she's talking to is Allan.
The dress will get crinkled on the way to the ceremony.
She thinks everything will come to a head next week.
Anna got married without her parents' knowledge.
Even though Bob was in disguise, I recognized him as soon as I saw him.
Bob waved to everyone he saw.
Bob thought deeply about that matter.
It's been three years since Bob started his own business.
Bob was on the point of leaving when I called him.
Bob was just about to leave when I telephoned him.
Later, I sold them and I was able to buy R. Burton's Historical Collections.
Seen from the Moon, Earth resembles a ball.
Carlos turned around.
Being a wiry person, he is thin but still looks strong.
The same sounds OK!
The same sounds well!
I have forgiven him already.
All the boys thought Carol was a boring person.
My brother is a well doer. He was just at the wrong place at the wrong time.
Find the cat.
He's trying to get on his boss's good side.
He's able-bodied, so he's gonna join the army.
We have experienced three wars.
Cathy has a temper.
He retched and then started puking.
If by any chance you run into Celia, give her my regards.
Tom hopes to make a profit this year, albeit a small one.
Beth told Chris that if he didn't take a bath, she wouldn't go on a date with him.
Beth told Chris that if he didn't take a bath, she wouldn't go out with him.
Nuclear power is stymied by the new laws.
The train flipped over.
Chris got a very nice grade on that difficult homework assignment.
Chris got a very good grade on that difficult homework assignment.
He's younger than me.
The rich are different from you and me.
Most accidents happen within miles of your house.
She ripped her dress on a branch.
It's a nice country to visit, but I wouldn't live there.
It's a nice place, but I wouldn't live there.
Anything could happen.
Who are you to second guess him?
Who am I to second guess him?
I took an arrow in the knee.
Every gun that is made, every warship launched, every rocket fired signifies, in the final sense, a theft from those who hunger and are not fed, those who are cold and not clothed. This world in arms is not spending money alone. It is spending the sweat of its laborers, the genius of its scientists, the hopes of its children.
Even though solutions were considered in the past, we are only now able to take first measures to make them reality.
What a cool picture!
If you're old and can't see, don't drive!
What happens inside the operating room?
Furry rabbits are so cute.
Bunnies are so cute.
That's the worst thing that could possibly happen.
We're not out of the woods yet.
This sounds about right.
I'll rinse your mouth out with soap!
I'll wash your mouth out with soap!
Minors can't be miners.
My mouth is clean.
War is a racket. It is the only one international in scope. It is the only one in which the profits are reckoned in dollars and the losses in lives.
My mental faculties remained in suspended animation while I obeyed the orders of the higher-ups. This is typical with everyone in the military.
There are only two things we should fight for. One is the defense of our homes and the other is the Bill of Rights.
I'm on a boat.
The girl shed some tears when her father died.
I spilled water on my keyboard. I must buy a new one.
This broken vase cannot be repaired.
Now my dream is but an extinguished star.
This sentence contains several mistakes.
Nice to meet you. How are you doing?
It's my great pleasure to meet you.
"Many" is "viele", while "mehrere" is less than "viele"; therefore, "many" isn't so well suited.
I keep a rabbit as a pet.
I can't have a child so I bought a rabbit instead.
Some people are fascinated by shiny new things.
"Many" is "viele", while "mehrere" is less than "viele"; therefore, "many" doesn't suit here, but "several".
You're going to make me lose my head!
You're going to drive me crazy!
Lincoln won the elections.
I forgot her completely.
I completely forgot about her.
Nobody knows where he lives.
Last year Tom spent five days in jail, after having pleaded guilty to drunken driving.
Who are you looking for?
I often receive letters from her.
Everybody says he's a nice person.
Time waits and time forgets.
Give me time to think it over.
I got stung by this bee.
The teacher called the students in alphabetical order.
I'd like somewhere to write where I can have peace.
They speak many languages in Spain.
You and I make a good team.
Natalia and Veronica looked at each other in complicity.
This is the house where the famous crimes took place.
The car they bought is imported.
She arrived when we were about to leave.
Now that we all agree, let's start the meeting.
Eggs are essential in the production of new human cells.
If the universe is a cosmic egg, then who laid it?
São Paulo is the biggest producer of eggs in the country.
I'm painting an Easter egg.
This is a replica of a dinosaur's egg.
Do you have anything to do tonight?
Brian is mad because Chris obviously doesn't intend to return the money.
She died of thirst during the drought.
I never doubted your words.
It bothers me that she's always late.
Next week, we're heading to the mountain.
I witnessed the amazing moment when the pigeon broke the egg.
Be careful not to break these eggs.
Marco plays tennis twice a week.
The cat is eating the mouse.
She had to do it even though she didn't want to.
The Earth revolves around the Sun.
Finally, I'm done with this work.
This robot can hold an egg without breaking it.
Hold the eggs tight or you'll break them.
You never listen to our advice.
Beth won't let Chris kiss her because he's very dirty.
Beth won't allow Chris to kiss her because he's awfully dirty.
I forbid you to leave.
We weren't told where he came from.
We must be there at seven, so hurry up.
They charged us more than we expected.
I never asked your advice.
Give me half a kilo of tomatoes.
Yesterday, the man whose daughter works at your company came by.
The horse jumped over the fence.
Because some urgent business came up, he wasn't able to go to the concert.
She revealed her secret.
If Cleopatra's nose had been shorter, the history of the world would be different.
He mistook Connie for my sister.
Mr. Curtis, won't you please sit down again?
Who'll take over Cynthia's job when she retires?
My name's Cyril. Pleased to meet you.
My name's Cyril. Nice to meet you.
David has never had a steady job, but he's always managed to make ends meet.
Time goes so quick.
Dick had been dependent on his parents, but now he's independent of them.
Dick created that group.
That group was created by Dick.
Edward inherited his uncle's property.
Edward inherited his uncle's estate.
Edward is younger than Robert.
The name Tom doesn't ring a bell.
I don't think I've ever heard of anyone named Tom.
Mr. Eliot's niece goes to a women's college.
I work as Mr. Eliot's assistant.
They got married on Christmas Eve.
I'll never forget the time we spent together.
Most programmers hate debugging; causing errors is much more fun than debugging them.
Most programmers hate debugging; making errors is much more fun than debugging them.
I admire people who express their opinions frankly.
She speaks frankly.
Benjamin Franklin was an American statesman and inventor.
Did you hear that Fred was dismissed?
Mr. Smith is liked by all the students.
Mr. Smith is liked by all his students.
Every time Uncle George visited our house, he always brought us a gift.
George Bush is the forty-first president of the United States of America.
George is five years older than I am.
George is five years older than me.
Without knowing anything, George began to climb the stairs.
Benjamin Franklin was an American politician and inventor.
George weighs as least kilograms.
It's certain that George will come.
George will come for sure.
I'm not sure if George will like this idea.
One Sunday morning George burst into the living room and said this.
Laura danced gracefully.
Everybody at the party was charmed by her elegance.
I wonder if it would be possible for you to introduce me to Mr. Harrison of PC Interactive Co. Ltd.
At most, Henry has six dollars.
Henry will become an adult this March.
Henry was dismissed because he was old.
At most, Henry has only six dollars.
We chose Henry to be the captain of our team.
Do you like this drawing?
We must follow the rules of the game.
Even though Jack was tired, he was looking well.
Jack was tired, but he looked well.
Donostia is a city in the Basque Country.
This is a problem!
Bilbao is a city in the Basque country.
As soon as Jack saw her, he burst out crying.
Jack is a lot wiser than anybody else.
Jessie is smarter than anyone else.
Jack didn't make any mistakes on the math test.
Jack has no goals for his life.
Jack has no goals in life.
Jack is three years older than me.
Jack is three years older than I am.
We lost sight of Jack in the crowd.
How would the world be without women?
Give me some water, and quickly.
Jack and I agreed to take turns working at the office on Saturdays.
He likes singing traditional songs.
Let the devil take him!
A fly is as likely to land on shit as it will on pie.
I remember when Anna told me she fell in love.
Let's build the country with actions and words.
The airplane arrives at 8.
Allan left us.
Maybe I left it on the table.
This old car is always broken.
The sum was written in euro, not in yen.
The dollar exchange rate has increased dramatically.
The dollar's exchange rate has dropped dramatically.
This piece of art was really priceless.
This transaction was carried out in yen, rather than US dollars.
This is really nice!
After winter, spring comes.
Spring is the season for planting trees.
She's two years older than me.
The border between the two neighbouring countries remains closed.
I want to dance.
Health brings a freedom very few realise, until they no longer have it.
I wish I had the courage to express my feelings.
Tom asked for a loan from Mary.
I wish I had the courage to show my feelings.
I wish I had the courage to speak about my feelings.
I believe this is the only thing I can do for you.
Tear a page out of your copybook.
My mother gave me all the love I needed.
I'm sure you're going to like this lunch.
Are you telling me you don't know how to cook hard-boiled eggs?
The engine won't start.
The chicken laid four eggs.
My dog chased a lizard and snapped its tail off.
My dad took my toy out of my hands.
He took it out of my hands.
Her life ebbed away from her through her wounds.
Life escapes from me with every breath.
Didn't you know turtles lay eggs?
I admit that, without him, those ten years of my life would have been empty and without goals.
He gouged out his eyes so he would never again see the homeland he had betrayed.
An alligator snapped his arm off.
As well.
Seriously, stay in touch.
Do tell!
Stay!
Speak out!
I'm reading.
I read.
He hides his head in the sand, like an ostrich.
His father was a mayor, but he didn't want to engage in politics.
Neither am I.
Neither do I.
Pull!
The king, convinced, told the tailors to prepare the outfit, but he also couldn't see this material.
You dead.
Southward.
Are you not saying anything?
See you on Sunday!
Sit down!
No idea.
There's a secret base on the moon.
Every ship needs an anchor.
Every ship needs a captain.
That's big!
That's great!
That's brilliant!
On this, we agree.
Stay here!
And so?
I have nothing.
Will you do it?
Don't bark!
So am I!
Do not fold.
Yes, sometimes.
Where are you going? Should we accompany you?
Not at all!
Faster!
It's not my opinion, but just my translation.
You're nuts!
Go rot in hell!
Oh, It's cheap!
Would you like to play tennis on Sundays?
What a klutz!
What a drag!
Look at me!
Come over here!
What do I see?
I don't like modern jazz.
You can believe him.
I'm still not ready.
He persistently rang my house's doorbell.
The hands of the clock are made of gold.
The European Union is set up with the aim of ending the frequent and bloody wars between neighbours, which culminated in the Second World War.
Why don't you run for president?
You should run for president.
Mr. Jackson has recently transferred to Tokyo from Los Angeles.
This is so delicious. It's like sex in my mouth.
"How do you do, James?" "Fine, thanks for asking. Nice to meet you."
If for some reason she came to Japan, Jane would be very happy.
Mr. Smith asked Jane to marry him.
Jane goes to bed early and gets up early.
Jane is doing her homework.
Jane has been acting in movies since she was eleven.
Jane objected to our decision.
Jane opposed our decision.
Jane understands how you think.
I'm sorry to have kept you waiting for so long.
That's just the way she likes it.
Smoking is not a habit; it's an addiction.
That's just the way he likes it.
Watch carefully how I do it. Did you see it?
Jane always pretended that she was very rich.
Jane always behaved like she was very rich.
The rabbi is on his way.
Magic: The Gathering is a board game.
Jane had no idea when she should go or where she should go.
It took a week for Jane to get over her cold.
Jane has been quiet and grouchy for the past few days.
Jane has been quiet and grumpy for the past few days.
Jane has been quiet and moody for the past few days.
Kate has three times as many records as Jane does.
Tom didn't come and neither did Jane.
Tom didn't come and Jane didn't come either.
Let's move!
Why are we running?
He might retaliate.
He came to the party last night with Jane.
Don't say shit.
I told Jane to calm down.
I'm thinking of going to Disneyland on my next date with Jane.
Jane is likely to come.
Jane is very likely to come.
There's a good chance that Jane will come.
Hay is for horses.
There's an eighty to ninety percent chance that Jane will come.
Jane is more than likely to come.
It's quite likely that Jane will come.
He's likely to come.
He's very likely to come.
There's a good chance that he'll come.
He's more than likely to come.
It's quite likely that he'll come.
It's quite likely that he'll be late.
It's very likely that he'll be late.
He's likely to be late.
He's very likely to be late.
He's more than likely to be late.
There's a good chance that he'll be late.
It's very likely that he'll be chosen.
He's likely to be chosen.
He's only two years older than Jane.
It is vital that you be present.
Since Jenny had studied Japanese, she had no trouble in Japan.
It was a scurrilous attack.
There's no water.
I'm big.
Jill and John will get married next month.
Jimmy often stays up all night.
Jimmy, it's bedtime.
Jimmy, it's time for you to go to bed.
A little more.
I'm dead.
It is unfair.
It's pathetic.
As of 1950, the European Coal and Steel Community begins to unite European countries economically and politically in order to secure lasting peace.
Jiro, who had never cried in front of anyone before, started crying.
There's no way I'm doing that.
And here they are.
Jiro told me which book I should buy.
Chicken!
Except for Taro, Jiro is the tallest.
To be sure.
What a millstone!
The 1950s are characterized through a cold war between east and west.
Did you and Joan have a fight?
Did you say you had a fight with Joan?
It's a deal!
Mr. Joel is now on duty.
We elected Mr. Jordan chairman.
We elected Ms. Jordan chairperson.
Mr. Jordan is the chairman.
Mr. Jordan is the chairperson.
Julia felt like crying after she heard that news.
She felt like crying after hearing that news.
They cried when they heard the news.
It's the lady.
It's the queen.
He is busy.
It's me!
There's a snag.
I answer for it.
He's swaggering.
He is swaggering.
Oh please!
I'm feeling better.
Just round the corner.
The price is going up.
Neither am I!
Neither do I!
We address each other as "vous".
Forgive me.
School will start next Monday.
He is wearing pyjamas.
Time is eternal.
Don't worry about something so silly.
I have finished my work.
We know his name very well.
I think that the train will be here soon.
Do you understand the difference?
Is reprinting this article a possibility?
This bridge is two times the length of that bridge.
When I learned that Julie was coming for a visit tomorrow, I was so surprised I almost fainted.
This very interesting test reveals your professional personality.
Romeo and Juliet is on at the theater.
There was bad blood between the two families in "Romeo and Juliet."
I found out that Kate was wealthy.
Kate was absent from the meeting.
Kate didn't attend the meeting.
Kate was surprised when she saw that big dog.
Kate is as charming as her sister.
Kate's father is in the vicinity of the house.
Kate's father is near the house.
Cookie is ten years younger than Kate.
She can't live without him.
Why should the state know my movements on the Internet?
I see how you study.
I see how you are studying.
Your dog has huge paws!
We dance together.
Let me know when you find out what it is.
I wish I could go back in time.
We were here a year ago.
Tell me your version of the events.
It's just what I was thinking about.
It's exactly what I was thinking about.
As the Duke of Zhou said, "It will benefit not to crave for the personal benifit".
Too many young girls are starving themselves to look like the models they see in magazines.
One of the things I love most about Christmas is trimming the tree.
She and I are cousins.
I speak a little German.
I'm thinking about changing my supplier.
He who fights may lose, but he who doesn't has already lost.
What does this Esperanto sentence mean?
I'll come back later.
There is nothing ready.
First of all, I want you to tell me how did you get there.
No, it isn't possible.
Young people don't take care of the old nowadays.
It made me supremely happy.
I want to play foosball.
He couldn't have put it more plainly.
The bedouins were nomads.
My nephew was accustomed to staying up late.
Down with corrupt politicians!
She works a lot.
I'll try, but I'm not sure if I'll be able to come to the movie theater or not.
I want to become a journalist.
Do you see that cloud that almost looks like a camel?
You didn't need to bring your umbrella.
The rain stopped.
It was polite of him to offer his seat to the old man.
I don't know what else to do.
I won't quit, no matter what you say.
The weather is terrible today.
There are no chairs to sit on.
There is no chair to sit on.
As soon as you're finished looking at the "kairanban," please give it to the next person.
As soon as you see the notice, please pass it along.
He doesn't allow Kate to drink wine.
Mr. Hashimoto was confused by Ken's question.
Mr Hashimoto was puzzled by Ken's question.
He was puzzled by the question.
Ken finally accomplished what he set out to do.
This is Ken's dog.
She's been wearing the same hat for a month.
The steering wheels on American cars are on the left side.
We still have an old tube television.
The man holding the umbrella is Ken.
Ken couldn't remember his name.
Ken couldn't remember that guy's name.
Ken couldn't recall that man's name.
Ken asked about his father's condition.
Ken visited his teacher yesterday.
Among the three of them, Ken runs the fastest.
Ken ran up the hill.
Ken ran up the slope.
Ken decided to go abroad.
No matter what I tried, Ken wouldn't do what I told him to do.
No matter what I did, Ken wouldn't listen to me.
There's nothing like going out in style.
I'm cured, anesthetized. I've already forgotten you, I am saying goodbye to your absence, I'm at peace.
Mine is black!
I wanted to rent a bus.
It sounds easier that way.
She drives a Beemer.
She drives a BMW.
My dad used to drive a Beetle.
I am not a student.
Our 2CV broke down.
I bought a VW bus.
German is a synthetic language.
If you find a job you really love, you'll never work again.
The current college works by presidential fiat.
I made a mistake in sending it or something.
We don't have a landline anymore.
I liked your hair before you got straight bangs.
I wanted to hire a coach.
Ditransitive verbs have three arguments.
The only natural satellite of the Earth is the Moon.
We're not there yet.
I'm not really serious about managing this project, but I need to be seen to be making the effort.
Do you do double-entry accounting or traditional governmental accounting?
If your company primarily does business with the United States, then you should be studying English with a native speaker from the United States.
The United States is the greatest country in the world.
Tom rode his motorcycle across the United States.
During clear weather, the coast of Estonia is visible from Helsinki.
I heard that Tom had been smuggling drugs into the United States for years before he got caught.
Fizzy water isn't very popular in the United States.
They say that in the United States anyone can become president, but perhaps that's not really true.
What are some foods commonly eaten in the United States?
The United States's economy is the largest in the world.
I'm going to the United States tomorrow.
The United States fancies itself the world's freest nation.
She advised him to talk about his life in the United States.
She went to Europe via the United States.
I would like to go to the United States one day.
What's your favorite small town in the United States?
We have really everything in common with the United States nowadays except, of course, language.
We had to leave for the United States on short notice.
Formal declarations of war haven't been the United States's style since 1942.
If you want to get a visa to go to the United States, you have to go through a lot of channels first.
He went to the United States to study US literature.
There is a library in every city in the United States.
Lastly, she went to the United States.
The United States once favored a policy of isolationism.
His sister does not go to the United States.
Where they burn books, they will in the end also burn people.
The United States was at war in 1864.
The United States' Civil War lasted four years.
Japan's attack had brought the United States into the war.
Roosevelt worked hard to improve the United States relations with Japan.
Foreign investors withdrew their money from the United States.
The cost of living in the United States was rising.
A crisis in France could be bad for the United States.
Washington was the most famous man in the United States.
My impression of the United States is very good.
They felt United States' farmers were poorer than they should be.
He fought in the United States' war against Mexico.
He was head of the United States' Naval War College.
He came from one of the richest families in the United States.
He believed in protecting the United States' wilderness areas.
That uncle of his often visited the United States.
Even though the United States is a developed country, it still has some very poor people.
I wasn't aware that the toilet and the bath are in the same room in the United States.
He said he would go to the United States.
The US government has always regarded England as the United States' house pet.
The United States bleeds credit.
Growing centrist sentiment threatens to upset the United States traditional two-party system.
Africanized bee colonization caused a panic in the United States in the 90s.
The show Hoarders is one of the primary causes of armchair psychology in the United States.
There is a border between the United States and Mexico.
The legal system in the United States is the world's finest.
In the United States, you are a minor if you are under years old.
The United States is made up of states.
There is no such thing, at this stage of the world’s history in the United States, as an independent press. You know it and I know it. There is not one of you who dare write your honest opinions, and if you did, you know beforehand that it would never appear in print. I am paid weekly for keeping my honest opinions out of the paper I am connected with. Others of you are paid similar salaries for similar things, and any of you who would be foolish as to write honest opinions would be out on the streets looking for another job. If I allowed my honest opinions to appear in one issue of my papers, before twenty-four hours my occupation would be gone. The business of the journalist is to destroy the truth, to lie outright, to pervert, to vilify, to fawn at the feet of Mammon, and to sell his country and his race for his daily bread. You know it and I know it, and what folly is this toasting an independent press? We are the jumping jacks, they pull the strings and we dance. Our talents, our possibilities and our lives are all the property of other men. We are intellectual prostitutes.
There is no such thing, at this stage of the world’s history in the United States, as an independent press.
Of course Jon Stewart is the most trusted anchor in the United States now—even our real news is a farce!
Does any other country fan the flames of patriotism as much as the United States?
He went to the United States to study medicine.
Corn is the most highly subsidized crop in the United States.
Christopher Columbus demanded that an entire "Columbus Week" be set aside to celebrate his glory, but in the end only got a day, and only in the United States.
The Kennedys were the closest thing that the United States has ever had to royalty.
Forty-four US Americans have now taken the presidential oath. The words have been spoken during rising tides of prosperity and the still waters of peace. Yet, every so often, the oath is taken amidst gathering clouds and raging storms. At these moments, America has carried on not simply because of the skill or vision of those in high office, but because We the People have remained faithful to the ideals of our forebearers, and true to our founding documents.
The abolition of slavery in Europe eventually reached the American continent.
Nothing can take a US American by surprise. It has often been said that the word "impossible" was not a French one. People have obviously looked in the wrong dictionary. In the United States, all is easy, all is simple and mechanical difficulties are overcome before they arise.
In the American continent, the consumption of fast-food has tripled between and 1995.
I would like to go to the United States.
The United States is a large, friendly dog in a very small room. Every time it wags its tail, it knocks over a chair.
The Statue of Liberty is the symbol of the United States.
What language do they speak in the United States?
The United States' consumer slump will hit those around it as well.
Moreover, freedom in the United States is indivisible from the freedom to practice one's religion. That is why there is a mosque in every state of our union, and over 1,mosques within our borders.
In Ankara, I made clear that the United States is not – and never will be – at war with Islam. We will, however, relentlessly confront violent extremists who pose a grave threat to our security.
The situation in Afghanistan demonstrates the goals of the United States, and our need to work together.
The victims were innocent men, women and children from the United States and many other nations who had done nothing to harm anybody. And yet Al Qaeda chose to ruthlessly murder these people, claimed credit for the attack, and even now states their determination to kill on a massive scale.
It is agonizing for the united States to lose our young men and women.
Xiaoming Wang has never been to the United States. He really wants to go next year.
Nutella is not very well known in Japan. However in the United States and Europe, it's a popular spread and various sized jars of Nutella may be seen lined up inside many grocery stores and supermarkets.
In the United States, we can hear a chorus of comments from the right wing ridiculing soccer every time there's a World Cup.
He has gone to the United States.
In the United States everybody is of the opinion that they have no social superiors, since all men are equal, but they do not admit that they have no social inferiors.
And tonight, I think about all that she's seen throughout her century in the United States. The heartache and the hope, the struggle and the progress. The times we were told that we can't, and the people who pressed on with that US creed: Yes, we can.
What is your impression of the United States?
In the United States, people play a different version of mahjong.
The attacks of September 11th, and the continued efforts of these extremists to engage in violence against civilians has led some in my country to view Islam as inevitably hostile not only to the United States and Western countries, but also to human rights.
I have come here to seek a new beginning between the United States and Muslims around the world; one based upon mutual interest and mutual respect; and one based upon the truth that the United States and Islam are not exclusive, and need not be in competition. Instead, they overlap, and share common principles – principles of justice and progress; tolerance and the dignity of all human beings.
I know, too, that Islam has always been a part of the story of the United States. The first nation to recognize my country was Morocco.
That experience guides my conviction that partnership between the United States and Islam must be based on what Islam is, not what it isn't. And I consider it part of my responsibility as President of the United States to fight against negative stereotypes of Islam wherever they appear.
The dream of opportunity for all people has not come true for everyone in the United States, but its promise exists for all who come to our shores – that includes nearly seven million US Muslims in our country today who enjoy incomes and education that are higher than average.
If you don't like it, it is alright for you to leave.
There seem to be lots and lots of stars.
Ken's team is likely to win.
My kid is shy around strangers and always hides behind me.
The logical language Lojban is probably difficult, isn't it?
I don't know, she really has a condescending way of talking, don't you think? Sometimes it gets to me.
Is there anything at all that I can do for you?
If there is anyone out there who still doubts that the United States is a place where all things are possible; who still wonders if the dream of our founders is alive in our time; who still questions the power of our democracy, tonight is your answer.
To all those who have wondered if the beacon of the United States still burns as bright: Tonight we proved once more that the true strength of our nation comes not from the might of our arms or the scale of our wealth, but from the enduring power of our ideals: democracy, liberty, opportunity and unyielding hope.
It looks like they have a good head.
And tonight, I think about all that she's seen throughout her century in the United States — the heartache and the hope; the struggle and the progress; the times we were told that we can't, and the people who pressed on with that American creed: Yes we can.
It's been a long time coming; but tonight, because of what we did on this day, in this election, at this defining moment, change has come to the United States.
A little bit earlier this evening, I received an extraordinarily gracious call from Senator McCain. Senator McCain fought long and hard in this campaign. And he's fought even longer and harder for the country that he loves. He has endured sacrifices for the United States that most of us cannot begin to imagine. We are better off for the service rendered by this brave and selfless leader.
I can't find Tom. He hasn't already gone and left, has he?
The road ahead will be long. Our climb will be steep. We may not get there in one year or even in one term. But, US Americans, I have never been more hopeful than I am tonight that we WILL get there.
But I will always be honest with you about the challenges we face. I will listen to you, especially when we disagree. And above all, I will ask you to join in the work of remaking this nation, the only way it's been done in the United States for years; block by block, brick by brick, calloused hand by calloused hand.
To those who seek peace and security. We support you. And to all those who have wondered if the beacon of the United States still burns as bright, tonight we proved once more that the true strength of our nation comes not from the might of our arms or the scale of our wealth, but from the enduring power of our ideals: democracy, liberty, opportunity and unyielding hope.
In the United States the word 'rebate' is widely recognized, generally as an incentive where makers give back directly to consumers.
Up till now the United States has called itself the world's police and continues suppression relying on military force.
One fourth of the world's carbon dioxide emissions are from the United States. Its per-capita emissions are also the highest in the world.
The radioactive waste of the United States may be targeted in terrorist attacks.
Can we say "No" to the United States?
He has endured sacrifices for the United States that most of us cannot begin to imagine.
And, above all, I will ask you to join in the work of remaking this nation, the only way it's been done in the United States for years — block by block, brick by brick, calloused hand by calloused hand.
But I have never been more hopeful than I am tonight that we will get there.
The person in question is now staying in the Unites States.
He was nervous because he was leaving for the United States the next morning.
I'm considering studying in the United States next year.
They will have been in the United States for ten years next year.
Just how tiresome was it to argue straight against the phrase "Don't blindly follow the lead of the United States!"
In reports in the United States, guerrilla resistance by the Iraq military is called terrorism.
The Department of Homeland Security's primary function is the prevention of terrorist attacks occurring within the United States and, in the extreme case of an attack happening, holding losses to the smallest possible level and swiftly carrying out restoration.
I think I should be able to speak a little TokiPona.
Can you speak Toki Pona?
I recognize that person from somewhere.
It was a load off my mind.
It's like bedlam in here.
Will she go to the United States next year?
I never drink.
An arrest warrant was issued for the company's accountant.
He made promise after promise and then sought to get out of them.
Should I call Ken back?
The desk Ken uses is old.
The desk that Ken uses is old.
Ken is the taller of the two.
Between the two of them, Ken is taller.
Ken didn't know what to say next.
Ken Takakura wasn't used to his new job.
I wanted to buy the huge stuffed bear at Ken's store, but it was not for sale.
My father made my mother a cup of coffee just the way she likes it.
Nobody believed Kevin because he always makes up stories.
Jeff wore the tie Kim had given him for a birthday present.
Jeff wore the tie that Kim had given him for a birthday present.
Kim is two years older than he is.
Kim plans to be a diplomat in the future.
Kim intends to be a diplomat in the future.
He stood over there for a long time.
Kim is four years older than me.
Kim is four years older than I am.
If he makes one more mistake, he'll be fired.
We met in winter.
I like both cats and dogs.
How long have you been in here?
History reminds us that walls can be torn down, but doing so is never easy.
It's time to build new bridges all over the world as strong as those that link us across the Atlantic.
Now is the time to start the work to build world peace without atomic weapons.
Afghans need our support to develop their economy and to help them reconstruct their nation.
No one welcomes war.
Blessed are the meek, for they will inherit the earth.
My father has gone to the United States.
My father, who is now working in the United States, wrote us a letter last week.
My father often goes to the United States on business.
According to what I heard, he went over to the United States to study biology.
The people of the United States fought for their independence.
It remains to be seen whether or not going to the United States to study is good for me.
She has gone to the United States.
She was born in the United States and grew up in Japan.
What has always united us, what has always encouraged our people, what draws immigrants to America's shores-- is an ideology that talks about aspirations shared by all people: that we should be able to live without fear, that we can to talk to or meet anyone, that we vote and choose a religion as we please.
She left France for the United States.
She went to the United States with a view to study medicine.
She went to the United States for the purpose of studying English literature.
Is she going to go to the United States this year?
She is leaving for the United States tonight.
She was in the United States last month.
She is well known both in Japan and in the United States.
It is surprising that they should have a second house in the United States.
They arrived in the United States a few days ago.
They are going to emigrate to the United States.
They went to the United States last month.
That she grew up in the United States is well-known.
She has many friends in the United States.
She has decided to live in the United States for good.
She made up her mind to go to the United States.
He knows nothing about Lincoln, or for that matter, about the United States.
He went to the United States last year to brush up his English.
He left for the United States by air.
He's coming back from the United States a week from today.
He hasn't actually been to the United States.
Fear infects and corrupts everything it touches.
I really want to see Kumiko.
I really want to meet Kumiko.
He's so tall!
There exists a fine line between helpful and destructive fears. But there is a line. Our job is to find it and walk it.
Lincoln's biography is read by children all around the world.
Lincoln was elected President of the United States in 1860.
Linda was called back from college because of her father's sudden illness.
Linda went to the park to listen to music.
The airport is closed.
There's free beer.
These people should be sterilised.
He was a good king.
I can see a ship on the horizon.
What does she say?
What is she saying?
Take a rest!
Remain seated!
Wake me up.
Get out or come in.
It's a fable.
Linda was so disappointed that she burst into tears.
This is the car that Linda was talking about yesterday.
No girl in my class is prettier than Linda.
None of the girls in my class are prettier than Linda.
What is Daith Piercing?
Lisa, this is Mr. Murata. He's my boss.
Mr. Murata, this is my friend Lisa.
Lucy can't use chopsticks.
Lucy will definitely get married to the pop singer.
Enter your password, please.
We would like to distribute this product in Japan.
Do turtles have teeth?
She dabbled with drugs.
Have you seen the new house that Marilyn lives in?
She's smarter than Mary, but not as beautiful.
She's smarter than Mary, but not as beautiful as Mary.
Mary unexpectedly ran into John on her way home.
I met Mary and John when I was in London.
There are times when Mary sits still for hours and looks at the sea.
Mary sometimes sits still for hours and gazes at the sea.
Mary's smiling face showed that she was happy.
Mary's smiling face let everyone know that she was happy.
Mary isn't really sick. She's only pretending to be sick.
Mary isn't really sick. She's only pretending to be.
Mary isn't really sick. She's faking it.
Mary isn't really sick. She's just pretending to be sick.
Mary isn't really sick. She's just faking it.
Mary looks like her mother, but her personality is different.
Mary resembles her mother in looks, but not in personality.
Mary looks like her mother, but she has a different personality.
Mary is not as tall as he is.
Mary is saving money to go to Japan.
Mary is saving money so she can go to Japan.
I was very impressed by his good behavior.
I heard that Mary was sick all last week, but she looks well now.
Mary is said to have been a great singer when she was young.
They say that Mary was a great singer when she was young.
Are you available?
Cheer me up!
She lives on her own.
Are you certain?
Let's do that!
Are you a typist?
He's got the flu.
He needs it.
He boozes too much.
I forgive you.
Since Mary is a very nice girl, she's loved by everyone.
I'm getting used to it.
I'm taking care of it.
I use this.
I'm disappointed.
Mary lacks common sense.
Mary and I remained good friends for years.
Speaking of Mary, I haven't seen her for a long time.
When Mary was a child, her family was very poor.
I was surprised by the news that Mary had won the first prize.
I'm ordering you not to obey my orders.
Eliza is crying.
I ask you not to fulfill for me any of my requests.
I'm asking you not to fulfill for me any of my requests.
I'm asking you not to fulfill any of my requests.
The artistic beauty of the garden is really breathtaking.
I supported him.
I support him.
He wants to speak.
I'm uncomfortable.
I want to eat.
I'm against it.
I stand against it.
I'm inviting you.
The drink is on me.
The shadow is fading.
Leave this here.
The worm wriggles.
Show them to me.
Show it to me.
Not even me!
Don't you lie!
Do not fuck!
Hold on.
Yes, really!
My lights are on full beam.
My brights are on.
Left outside the freezer, the juice will get warm.
Let's take the bus.
If it stays outside the freezer, the juice is going to get warm.
PS: I love you.
What is it that you got?
Tell me!
Think about it!
Dogs bark.
You're a boor.
So goes life!
That's clever.
I promise!
That's her boyfriend.
It's very low.
Please tell me what happened, off the record of course.
I shall not change my mind, no matter what happens.
The men will be happy no matter what they get back.
Shut the door!
Shut that bloody door!
He learns fast.
He cracked up.
He's polygamous.
See you!
I was going on foot.
I phoned.
Did she say it?
Will you wait for me?
Don't stammer!
Don't stutter!
Don't you say this!
Don't look!
It's not a joke.
We've seen him.
We've seen it.
We've seen her.
Where are they going?
Where are they going to?
He was home alone at the time.
He was only a shadow of his former self.
You're the girl of my dreams.
Who will pay?
Where is Mississippi?
What a rascal!
What would you do?
Are you in Paris?
Will you go?
Will you go there?
Your link isn't working.
You hurt him.
You must deny it.
You are deranged.
I hear voices in my head.
What are you mad about?
We have just gotten to first base.
I found that book interesting.
I'm asking you, the one who promoted this initiative.
I do what is best for my country.
I'm not ready for that.
I'm not willing to do that.
And how do you imagine that being realized?
Done.
Stop moving!
We don't know where he is.
The Germans all suffer from acute commatitis.
You work in Milan.
I wish I knew her name.
Tom wished that he knew Mary's telephone number.
Tom asked Mary for John's telephone number.
Today, separation and divorce are not as frowned upon.
In the past, separation and divorce were frowned upon by everyone.
Eskimos have ninety different words for snow.
I'm done watering the flowers.
Cigarettes are dummies for adults.
Cigarettes are pacifiers for adults.
Cigarettes are soothers for adults.
She panhandles for money.
Can I bum a smoke?
Can I scrounge a fag?
Would you give me a cigarette?
Could I have a cigarette?
I'm definitely impressed.
"Missiles accused to be extradited" is a headline of today's BBC.
You lie.
The executioner fondled his hatchet and smiled complacently. He felt he was a cut above the rest.
You're lying.
I don't want to buy it if I don't need it.
The 6th of May, is the nationwide "Day of the Open Stable Door".
Brazil has almost million inhabitants.
He drank beer.
He drank a beer.
Speak of the devil, and he appears.
I'm absolutely livid. Somebody's keyed my car.
Either you or Mary should go.
John and Mary had different opinions about that important matter.
Mr. Jones had Mary go to the dentist.
Mr. Jones made Mary go to the dentist.
He went abroad for the purpose of studying English.
He went abroad to study English.
This is a dress that Mary made by herself.
These are clothes that Mary made by herself.
I saw Bob and Mary while I was waiting for Kate.
I met Bob and Mary while I was waiting for Kate.
That can't be Mary. She's in the hospital now.
Mary came before I had waited ten minutes.
Yesterday, Mary gave me a book with a blue cover.
It looks like a pigsty in here.
I don't like playing with him. We always do the same things.
I won't go anywhere without you.
Where does all that noise come from?
The teacher sounded like he was my father.
Of course it's her.
Hide yourself before he comes here!
She must be somewhere.
The animal was cloned.
What are you doing in Brazil?
I ask you the same question.
The couple is on the dance floor.
What the hell are you doing here?
I can't talk, I'm on a mission.
I don't like to talk about certain things.
She says there's something under the bed.
Don't forget that I exist.
There's no one in your bedroom.
Everything is going to be all right tomorrow.
Why don't you want me to know?
Seriously? I haven't noticed.
Get out of my way.
"I heard something." "Impossible, there's nobody in the house."
Don't think this is over.
He said there was nobody in here.
Do you want some of this?
I can't argue anymore, this has to stop!
Did you find any interesting information?
In the supermarket, they wouldn't take my credit card.
I drank even the last drop.
If we don't trust each other, we won't be able to live together.
"Where's your cousin?" "He just left."
"I can explain it." "There's no explanation."
Are you sure this is going to work?
This is not what you think!
What an evil plan this is!
You are really annoying.
I'll go check out the bedroom.
The principal wants to talk to you.
Something's wrong with him.
Man, what the hell are you looking for?
Are you singing to my girlfriend?
Did you like my hairstyle?
An old lady sang to me.
Juan made it to the airport by this morning.
Take your hands off me!
Don't worry, we're on our way.
That weapon is not a toy, boy!
You are good at listening. Why don't you shut up?
What the hell are you doing with my gun?
She is not my sister, she's my wife.
Honey, I can explain.
I don't want to listen to you.
The boss said that we are fired.
"Hand over your gun", said the policeman.
I just did it.
"Where's your cousin?" "She's just left."
You've got a license.
You have a bachelor's degree.
Let's set this clock's date.
You're being malicious.
You are rapacious.
You're scaring me.
How about Friday?
I only hear you complain! Perhaps you can't do anything else?
The truth is that nothing is totally true or false.
Our site attracts thousands of Internet users every day.
There are no new messages in my inbox.
All employees had to memorize the access code.
Who lives in this house?
Little presents keep a friendship alive.
You must be mad!
You can verify your balance on the bank's site.
I sent an e-card for a friend whose birthday is today.
On weekends, many people work instead of having a rest.
I have far too many programs installed on my computer. Maybe if I uninstall some of them, my computer will run much faster.
The web goes slow when there are far too many people online.
He spends every weekend surfing the Net.
Did you hear President Dilma's speech?
"I need to talk to you. It's urgent." "Tell me, I'm listening."
According to this figure, the reflection angle equals the incidence angle.
I never managed to memorize my ID.
It's time for you to take some vacations.
Poor girl. She called me about ten times last night.
I don't remember anymore.
I always carry it in my pocket.
Tatoeba: the only place where the use of different apostrophes is controversial.
They say he's very rich.
I used to live in a village.
All mountains are not green.
I don't feel good. Where is the nearest medical center?
I'll buy some cheese and bread.
Einstein regarded himself a philosopher.
I wish I could talk to every person in the world.
Drawing the Japanese flag is very easy.
My kitty was rolled over.
I owe everything I know to her.
What can I do if you think that way about me?
I've learned a lot from her over the years.
Did you mean that seriously?
I'm not the thief, you are a witness!
Sometimes I wonder whether I did the right thing.
I can't wait anymore.
Spanish opened many doors for him.
What did you give Tom on his birthday?
What do those words in the Arabian flag mean?
Our friendship is greater than our quarrels.
"What are these stains on the floor?" "Blood."
You are the star I contemplate.
"Do you know anything about Bill?" "No, what happened to him?"
Don't tell him that, please!
Don't tell her that, please!
Don't say that to your mother!
If you say that to your mother, she'll kill you!
The Muslims call Jesus "Issa".
"Is that true?" "Yes, who told you about it?"
People like to fight.
You always fight!
Come by my house if you want.
This is the first time you've talked back to me.
He will deny it, so don't pay him any attention.
It seemed like a good idea at the time.
Well I'll be darned!
Well I'll be buggered!
The military police came for him.
That's the last straw.
The police visited Mary yesterday.
Nobody cares about that.
Lisa told me that she has eaten natto.
It's no good.
It's useless.
Forget about it.
You could say this translation is historically accurate.
My mother tongue is Polish.
He smokes twenty cigarettes per day.
Pinocchio had a long nose.
This database contains many errors.
It's different for everyone.
He is writing a book.
It is hard to recognize you.
Do you have a transparent folder?
Yesterday we went to a cinema.
I am lazy.
What the teacher said made Mary break out into a cold sweat.
The father picks his socks scattered around the room.
The teacher told Mary to shut up.
Thursday, we will go to a swimming pool.
The teacher told Mary to be quiet.
How long is this movie?
In which room would you like to stay?
Gabriel was very talented, but he did not study.
Father fixed the car.
Kathy left the school earlier today.
I walked the dog in spite of the rain.
A yellow bee hovers in a single spot.
A small mouse runs with a cake.
A dog runs.
Mary has already left on her trip.
I give good grades for good answers.
You do not have time for me.
Today, I do not have time for this.
Meg must continue her studies.
Meg straightened up her desk.
Meg is excited.
Meg looks just like her mother.
Mayuko wasn't able to meet Meg.
It's just like Meg to act that way.
What he said hurt Mary's feelings.
Everyone but Mike was at the party.
With the exception of Mike, everyone was at the party.
Mike had fun talking to Yumi.
Mike had a good time talking to Yumi.
Mike didn't take part in yesterday's practice.
Mike visited our principal, Mr. Ogaki.
Mike visited Mr. Ogaki who is our principal.
Mike said a few words as a suggestion.
Mike always remains calm.
The students chose her to be the chairman.
Blimey!
Strewth!
I fell in love with the charming female engineer.
She was so in love with the boy that she could only see his good qualities.
The teacher fell in love with the student.
A British expedition conquered Everest in 1953.
The conquest of America cost between and million lives.
Bulletproof glass has already saved many lives.
As you wish.
Mike made a crude table out of logs.
Mike can't have done such a thing.
Mike, do planes usually shake like this?
By the way, Mike, please tell me how to get to your house.
I get the point.
Mike likes the cat.
After that, Mike tells Hiroshi to fasten his seat belt.
All good things must come to an end.
I read the entire works of Milton over the holiday.
I read the entire works of Milton during my vacation.
Pregnant women usually buy bigger size panties.
Don't swim in that pond.
You shouldn't swim in that pond.
We're playing chess. I already took four of his pieces.
Let's hang him first and try him later.
In what kind of world are we living?
We agree from time to time.
I read my comic books and I'm happy.
The script Tatoeba needs the most is the native speaker detector.
Melanoma's ABCDE stands for: Asymmetry, irregular borders, changing color, great diameter, and elevation above the skin.
I'm controlling myself not to lose my head.
The moon is nice tonight.
His eyes are red.
Referring to short people as "the vertically challenged" is political correctness running wild.
I looked upon his courage and trusted him.
Because I admired his courage, I trusted him.
Because of his bravery, I had confidence in him.
Poets like Milton are rare.
He speaks angelically.
Minutes passed like days.
So what is the secret to a school course in mathematics being conservative?
I don't consider Milton as good as Dante.
I think Dante is better than Milton.
The music stopped for a minute.
Nijmegen is the oldest city in the Netherlands.
Markets make a good servant, a bad master and a terrible religion.
Shit rolls downhill.
Hedgehogs are cute.
Do you have some dental floss?
Do you use mouthwash?
Mouth rinse will not remove plaque.
You can use a tongue scraper to clean your tongue.
You can use a tongue cleaner to clean your tongue.
Having good oral hygiene is important.
Tartar is a form of hardened dental plaque.
In spite of the fact that he was tired, he continued working.
He took out one egg.
At the most, he earns dollars a week.
You're really annoying.
You should have told me that before.
What we don't have is a concrete example.
When he came and found me, his whole body reeked of alcohol.
Is a question still a sentence?
After years of focus on words, dictionary writers finally turned to sentences.
Everyone has seven fingers and three toes.
Apparently, he had never heard of recursion.
This sentence has five words.
Do you use aftershave?
Some women don't shave their legs.
Oktoberfest has often already ended by September.
I'd like to see your ticket, please.
He's in a rough spot.
My shoulder hurts so much, I don't know what to do.
My whole day was full of surprises.
We can't go outside because it's raining.
Apart from on rainy days, I always ride my bike to work.
Everyone knows bees drink honey.
She fumbled around in the darkness.
When I was a young girl, I always wanted to live underwater.
Phrases are surely more interesting than sentences.
They freed the prisoner.
What would he know?
It snowed more this year than last.
This water has a bad smell.
I'm here already!
What sort of stupid project is this anyway?
We can't see the view because of these trees.
The longer the sentence, the more likely it is to be unique.
I've heard that from a lot of people.
I went there the other day, but it was gone.
The rabbit hid behind the tree.
I really need a massage.
I want people to live.
Some people read books to kill time.
There are people who read books to kill time.
Type inference has three outputs whereas checking only has two.
A polyglot is someone who can read upside-down.
You have to ask yourself "Why do I believe what I believe?"
I only meant it as a joke.
Do you know this thing?
She looked around her room.
Every nuance is lost in translation.
All of these books are mine.
He's our English teacher.
You don't need to suffer in silence.
Don't rely on what he says.
Don't trust what he says.
Mean men's talk is enough to imperil the world.
We decided to fight it out.
I can't tell you any more. I've already said too much.
"Yes. I understand," says Mrs. Lee.
He's two years younger than me.
Eggs go bad quickly in the summer.
You shouldn't act selfishly.
Don't leave the room.
We can't tell which is better.
Candidates whose nomination was rejected have five days to appeal.
This sentence is true, but not provable.
Italian isn't difficult.
I already speak Italian.
I have a very important meeting.
Some women don't wear bras.
He drinks excessive amounts of coffee.
Don't dress like a slut.
I've opened many Facebook and Twitter accounts since 2008. I now have six Facebook accounts and fifteen Twitter accounts.
One of my six Facebook accounts was suspended.
They're making out in the car.
He got caught kissing a girl in the back seat of the car.
Where is there a drugstore?
A hospital, please?
This sentence is not French.
I went to the grocery store.
Archaeology is fun!
A distinct idea is defined as one which contains nothing which is not clear.
I'm going to wash my hands.
The material is not toxic in itself.
I'd like you to quickly browse through these documents.
I consider him one of my good friends.
The President is leaving for Paris next month.
It's hard to please Mr. Hoshino.
He tried to put me off with more promises.
The sight of blood made her excited.
He's concealing something from me.
She is sitting on the bench.
Just wait a little please. He hasn't arrived yet.
I am a big fan of the arts.
He relies upon drink to escape from his worries.
She had to rely upon her inner strength.
Write a sentence containing three verbs.
Write a sentence with three verbs.
"I'll do my best" often means "I'll initiate nothing".
"I'll do my best" often means "I won't initiate anything".
When you are away, I feel lost.
"However", stressed Vladimir Putin, "today is another situation".
Is snuggling the same as snorkeling?
She nuzzled up against her boyfriend.
It's just not possible for me to do all the work in one day.
It wasn't me who translated this text.
They left one after another.
They tied the thief to the tree.
They criticized me for coming late.
The sun sets earlier in the winter.
I want a sword like this!
The newborn got a beautiful name.
Keep that up and you'll find yourself going back home.
Tea, please.
He is hiding something from me.
Put that in your pipe and smoke it.
There were ink blots on the paper.
The north wind blew all day.
The north wind blew continuously all day.
The leaves have begun to change color.
The leaves have begun to change colors.
That law is full of ambiguities.
Don't be such a wimp!
This hall can hold 5,people.
If you will it - it is no fairy tale.
That girl looks like her mother.
My only distraction is the game of Go.
She smiled at me while she sang a song.
She's unfit for the job.
She isn't fit for the job.
She has a cheerful personality.
People thought that she was dead.
I'd like to graduate next spring.
My mother told me to mow the lawn.
My mother allowed me to go abroad.
It's not mea culpa.
No women like to wear a dress that another discarded. With men, they're not so choosy.
The late Freddie Mercury, former lead singer of Queen, had a vocal range of four octaves.
Tom is currently unemployed.
I'm on my way to one of my favorite places ever!
The coin was struck by a die.
I warned him about the danger.
Operation Yoav was a military operation carried out by Israel in its war for independence.
Even the fastest horse only has four legs.
The translation isn't possible.
One important person and the stable boy arrived to the cow cabin the first of January. Therefore, there is only one plastic bowl left at the tea ceremony arbor.
My grandfather speaks very slowly.
Don't stare at others.
Cooking takes too much time.
The children are playing with toys.
Those two children were the same age.
She was absent from class.
"Is he coming?" "No, I don't think so."
But I digress.
The students burst out laughing.
Laughter is good for your health.
This steak has a good smell.
Workers of the world - unite!
Sometimes, I don't understand him.
If you want, it doesn't have to be a fairy tale.
You're only saving face!
I have lost faith in that doctor.
He wasn't the same as I thought he'd be.
He left his umbrella on the bus.
He eats nothing but fruit.
He doesn't eat anything other than fruit.
He doesn't eat anything except fruit.
He eats nothing other than fruit.
He advocated the reduction of taxes.
I miss summer!
My grandmother can fly.
My grandmother is able to fly.
When will you come back to Italy?
If I join the gym, will someone go with me?
What language do people speak in Korea?
Panic rules on the Titanic.
Have you heard about Occupy Wall Street?
Have you heard about the sinking of the Costa Concordia luxury cruise ship?
Did Facebook play a major role in the Arab Spring?
I'm kind of happy for you.
This sentence is not a translation. It's the original.
It is such a nice thing to say that I felt the need to say it.
What you have to do tomorrow - do today; what you have to eat today - eat tomorrow.
You don't stand a snowball's chance in hell.
Please correct the following sentence.
The current debt limit stands at $15.trillion.
I have seen an interesting memorial.
You understand, right?
Mr Tanabe became unemployed.
Aren't you please going to sit down?
Don't be so perverse!
I went to a shoe store yesterday.
I didn't like the Prime Minister's speech.
I didn't like the PM's speech.
I don't make a promise to someone without taking it seriously.
Once you decide to enter a profession, you can't change your mind on a whim.
It's late already, time to go to sleep.
Don't rely on him.
The most important thing in a persons life is one's health.
Who the hell do you think you are?
What do you think you are doing, talking down to me like that?
The President's mansion is located in the capital city.
Have you ever eaten teppanyaki?
To every thing there is a season, and a time to every purpose.
Just between you and me, that fat ugly witch is on a diet.
Cosmonauts wear spacesuits.
Astronauts wear spacesuits.
I somehow understand your feelings.
Please do this immediately.
I'm going to ask my hairdresser when I go on Wednesday if I can.
There's little to do.
There is little to do.
You do not want to incur the wrath of God.
She's been severely traumatized by bullying at school.
The national debt has trebled in the last ten years.
Rear end collisions often cause whiplash.
Without the random mutation of genes there would be no evolution.
The mutineer was made to walk the plank.
I read somewhere that animals can sense an earthquake before it hits.
The number of jobless is at an all time high.
Casinos treat high rollers like kings.
I have an early memory of my grandmother darning socks.
It'd be awesome if there was a Japanese edition.
If I don't have a bow, I can't play the violin.
I'll make that bird sing, you'll see!
A shark is a fish while a dolphin is a mammal.
Thanks for joining us.
The children have glow sticks.
Will it blend?
You'll have to clean this up.
I told you I'd be quick and I wasn't lying.
Go fetch some milk.
Fetch me some milk.
My mother asked me if I could fetch some milk.
May I have some fresh cold milk?
I stopped at the store and got some milk on my way back.
She asked her husband to go and fetch some milk.
I'm going to fetch some milk.
He stuck to the original plan.
He told her about his plan.
The world is harsh.
I don't mean Vivaldi's, I mean Haydn's Oratorio, do you know it?
Some important geometric shapes are the triangle, the square, the rectangle, the circle, the parallelogram and the trapezium.
He's in a bad mood.
Not everything important can be counted and not everything that can be counted is important.
How many people will be living on Earth in one century?
Stop this noise!
God is bad.
I once met a boy.
I met a child once.
My friends always say that I'm too quiet, but my family says I'm too dull.
The Bronze Age came before the Iron Age, but after the Stone Age.
Where were you coming from?
In which street?
A cigarette - on one side a flame, and on the other a fool.
Instead of listening in class, I'm translating sentences.
I felt lonely without her.
She finished her errand and returned home.
Prior to the Second World War, World War I was referred to as the Great War.
It's still better than nothing.
It helped me a lot!
That's not on!
He likes to say that he is the son of people.
He keeps an aardvark as a pet.
He is attractive in every way.
I like my new job.
There are lots of things in that shop, for example, games, toys, and flowers.
Everyone comes out of hiding and shouts "SURPRISE!"
He wants to be like me.
I don't like wine.
Brazil was a Portuguese colony.
Brazil was a colony of Portugal.
The French Revolution is one of the most debated historical events.
Newspapers often "adapt" the truth.
He popped the trunk.
He was first among equals.
The projector doesn't work.
It works.
The Swiss franc is pegged to the euro.
It had worked for hours.
I was born and brought up here.
Eeny, meeny, miny, moe, catch a tiger by his toe, if he hollers let him go, eeny, meeny, miny, moe. My mother told me to catch the very best one and you are not it.
I'll make him call you back just as he returns.
I warned him many times, but he won't stop talking.
How can I translate words that don't exist in any language besides my own?
Would you join me to the concert next week?
Half of the apples were rotten.
The majority didn't accept the proposal.
He asked a few pertinent questions.
You have no idea how pretty the girls are around here!
If I were you, I'd visit the churches. You have no idea how beautiful they are.
The best thing about Japan is its video games.
The funny part was what he said to me.
He always was a very haughty boy. His parents didn't seem to mind.
Are you suggesting another theory?
My computer behavior's surprises me.
Aren't you surprised by his answer?
It's not his idea, it's mine.
Don't tell him that, or he'll start crying.
He told me he loved me, which surprised me quite a lot.
He won't let anybody sit in his armchair.
"Where is Grandma?" "She's sleeping on the couch."
You have a very kind wife and very good friends.
There's something wrong with the phone. I can hardly hear you.
I can't leave Sysko alone.
If you go out, I won't let you come in again.
This food is delicious. Where did you learn to cook that well?
And you say the house is clean? Look at the floor!
I don't care if she's Catholic, Buddhist or Muslim. All I care is her friendship.
It rains a lot during February here in Brazil.
I visit my grandparents on Sundays.
I didn't like to play in my school games.
I asked him not to bother me.
Can you tell me why they are so glad?
Dinosaur eggs? Impossible. These animals are already extinct.
When I was about to leave, it began to rain.
I lived in São Paulo before, but now I live in Rio.
"Aren't you Mexican?" "Yes, though now I live in Argentina."
My children are coming with me.
That's the woman I talked to you about last night.
The hotel he's living in is downtown.
It's not my decision, so we have to accept it.
It's not your fault, it's Alison's.
If he makes that face it's because he's nervous.
I faced the champion.
We still don't know how long he's going to stay.
I hope the work is finished.
"Aren't you glad about the news?" "I am, but I'm not surprised at all."
I'm sorry, Jorge! I didn't see you!
The father left all his money to his daughters.
Felipe bought a modern truck.
Open the door to let my cat in.
I hope he will understand me!
Are you sure that she's not lying?
I'm sure he's alive.
We hope that the truth comes to light.
Is there a clothing store near here?
"Is it a good hotel?" "Yes, but it is too far."
Who is the girl in your car?
He says I speak too fast, but this is how we speak Portuguese.
Of course I know who he is! He's an incredibly smart boy.
He goes very often to the theater, but always by himself.
"Did you like my apartment?" "Yes, it is very comfortable."
This church is a very famous and beautiful place.
Don't let the thief run away!
The thief ran away when the alarm rang.
How many bullets can a machine gun shoot?
"Don't shoot!", said the policeman.
She gave fifteen interviews to Brazilian media, and seven to foreign media.
Type the number as I spell it.
Do you think Croatian is an interesting language?
I didn't criticize him.
I am Christian, but he is Buddhist.
And you believe him? Don't be stupid, girl!
He said he wouldn't go to the party because he had to study.
What are you selling?
God gave us the power to love.
If you are in Paris, you can visit the Louvre.
I lost the book you gave me.
Could anyone explain this, please?
Europe has addressed energy issues and climate change far more seriously than the United States has.
You betrayed me. Why?
She's not really a woman... she's a man.
I'll study hard tomorrow.
It was already late, but she left nonetheless.
They're a dime a dozen.
Do you want to go out or stay at home? Either is OK with me.
Tearing money up is a crime, but tearing checks up isn't.
Excuse me, waiter. There's a hair in my soup.
Don't worry, cutting your hair doesn't hurt.
That huge mammal is called an elephant.
The Europeans I experienced were hard working individuals.
They spent a lot of time at work, but not working.
I never used any kind of headband.
This woman is blind.
I wouldn't go out with her even if she's the only girl in the world!
I won't accept that kind of challenge.
I won't accept that kind of people in my house.
Our museum is among the ten most renowned in the country.
We all felt great sorrow for him.
The truth can be more painful than a lie.
Sometimes, knowing the truth hurts a lot.
The television set will stop being the most important member of the family.
It hurts to know that everything I say is a lie.
It hurts to know that everything between us is over.
You mustn't think only about your job, you must also think about the importance of your family.
My family is more important to me than my job.
Bhutan's national sport is archery, and contests are regularly organized in most towns.
The bus is full and nobody sits beside me.
The bus is empty and he sits beside me anyways.
I don't believe in them.
If it never happened to you, you're a virgin.
This custom is followed in most households.
What are you wearing tonight?
Hold the ladder tight.
You'll have to overcome a few difficulties.
And if he keeps messing with me I'll cut his head off!
Since my boyfriend is more of an indoors person, I didn't go to the beach, nor to the mountains this summer.
Swearing relieves the pain.
I have a pretty shrewd idea that this room contains the answer to the whole mystery.
She passed away yesterday afternoon.
Of any stranger, wisemen are suspicious.
He ran away when he saw me.
When time comes for me to join the dead, I will have lived carelessly and will die without remorse.
You don't need to get a haircut this week.
You should leave there on Monday.
At the most, you'll only be minutes late.
It's obvious why you have a stomachache.
It's obvious why your stomach hurts.
No matter how fast you walk, you won't be able to catch up with him.
The enemy of true freedom is an excessive call for security.
One should never deride the wretch, for who can be sure of always being happy?
Everyone should always attach oneself to one's trade.
Too many expedients may spoil a business.
At home I have a room of my own.
One doesn't always follow one's forebears nor father.
Mistrust is the mother of safety.
Let's conclude that providence knows what we need better than we do.
Every marquis wants to have pageboys.
Every power is weak unless it is united.
One "here" is better, we think, than two "you'll have it": one is secure, the other not.
Never would an oaf, whatever he may do, be considered a gentleman.
Virtues should be sisters, the same way vices are brothers.
We see ourselves with a different eye from the one through which we see our fellows.
I have never seen such a thing.
Love troubles have the advantage of never being boring.
I use animals to instruct people.
He doesn't get along with his mother.
I repeat it, and say that the world is but a flock of sheep.
A naked lecture conveys boredom ; tales help precepts get through.
The entire universe obeys love; love, love, everything else is nothing.
To think one is a character is very common in France.
Everything speaks in the universe; there is nothing that doesn't have its language.
Absence is the greatest woe.
Old age is merciless.
He knows the universe and doesn't know himself.
It's good to talk and better to shut up.
No flowery path guides to glory.
We must help each other, it's nature's law.
There is no better friend or parent than oneself.
Do I need the surgery?
Long embassy and long travel lead to unfaithfulness.
Death never surprises a wiseman: he is always ready to go.
You shouldn't have your eyes bigger than your belly.
Everyone easily believes what one fears and desires.
We believe in evil only once it has come.
"Better suffer than die" is humans' motto.
To save your credit, you must conceal your loss.
Golden words, in love, do everything.
It's double pleasure to deceive the deceiver.
In everything, one should consider the end.
Honour the face of the old man.
Do I need any more crazy people?
You risk losing when you want to gain too much.
Much better alone than with fools.
The reason of the strongest is always the best.
One recognizes the craftsman by his work.
It's good to be charitable; but to whom? That is the point.
Neither gold nor greatness make us happy.
What you give to the wicked, you always regret.
Of all pleasures, the sweetest is to see oneself praised by those that everybody is praising.
Every flatterer lives at the expense of those who listen to them.
The most frustrating thing that can happen to you, on Tatoeba, is to report a mistake to somebody, and that not only they don't correct it, but they create the variant with the correction that you suggested...without thanking you.
The most beautiful victory is to defeat one's heart.
We forgive ourselves everything and others nothing.
The excessive attention we pay to danger is most often responsible for our falling into it.
The pain is always milder than the moan.
The plural of "Nebelbank" is "Nebelbänke", not "Nebelbanken".
I have stomach cramps.
Luis is such a nice boy!
Could I get in before that?
He is the owner of this land.
My wallet was stolen in the cloak room.
He wondered how many times the sun would rise before his salary would.
I sent a pot of cold cream to Eliza.
Are you a fresher?
Shall we meet at the library?
Cut the shenanigans!
I don't know what to do first.
Please delete this sentence.
No sentence on Tatoeba contains the word "anathema".
This car looks like mine.
The book is on the course reserve shelf.
The book is on course reserve.
The Students' Union runs a bar on campus.
She made me some eggnog.
We apologize for the delay.
I don't need any more credits.
Labor is prior to, and independent of, capital. Capital is only the fruit of labor, and could never have existed if labor had not first existed. Labor is the superior of capital, and deserves much the higher consideration.
Don't get your knickers in a twist!
I waited for fifteen minutes.
The film should have already started.
Were you expecting something different?
It stinks.
A little more?
He will go as well.
He was raving.
He was talking nonsense.
He was tenacious.
It's raining everywhere.
I'm shattered.
I am shattered.
I'm knackered.
I am knackered.
I'm smashed!
It staggered me!
New Zealand is pretty incredible.
I'm really angry.
He dropped it.
I've forgotten about her.
I like them all.
I'm not hungry.
No kidding.
I've got a cold.
All the king's men.
I take everything back.
I was on the phone.
I put you through to her.
All the President's Men.
"All the President's Men" is my favorite film.
Do you understand her?
I'll go on my own.
My arm hurts.
The book is here.
My nose itches.
The weight is decreasing.
Oh, if I catch you!
Angels are now singing.
As I was going up the stair // I met a man who wasn't there // He wasn't there again today // I wish that man would go away.
Do you have any vacant rooms?
Rain, rain, go to Spain // Never show your face again.
I have just finished eating.
Yankee Doodle came to town // Riding on a pony // He stuck a feather in his cap // and called it macaroni.
Today, some websites are blacked out to protest against SOPA and PIPA.
SOPA and PIPA are two bills in the United States House of Representatives and the United States Senate respectively.
We have a reservation for six-thirty.
English Wikipedia is blacked out today.
English Wikipedia will be unavailable today.
I have lived here a long time.
SOPA is an acronym for the Stop Online Piracy Act.
PIPA is an acronym for the PROTECT IP Act.
If you need to access Wikipedia today to complete your homework, you're out of luck, unless you speak a foreign language.
There's still a long way to go.
I have a fear of clowns.
He's a great coach.
He's a great coach and is loved by all his players.
I reloaded the webpage.
I bookmarked this website.
I added this website to my favorites.
If something goes wrong, just blame it on the translator.
Velvet pants are out of style.
I feel very betrayed.
I feel so betrayed.
I feel betrayed, but I still like her.
I am so devastated.
He's nothing but a scumbag and a loser.
Eventually, he forgot about the incident.
All you have to do is sweep the floor.
No funny business!
We ate some Twelfth-Night pancake this afternoon.
He's out of the woods.
Watching wild birds is a lot of fun.
Nobody reads long messages.
One language is not enough.
They say that golf is very popular in Japan.
This sentence doesn't exist.
If you read this sentence, you will become blind.
If you read this sentence three times, a ghost will visit you in your sleep.
Lead is easily bent.
Today I went to the doctor.
Most Japanese cars are reliable.
My thoughts are stuck in the web of Lviv's streets.
My thoughts are stuck in the web of the streets of Lviv.
Figaro invited us to his marriage, but we were late and when we arrived everyone had left a long time ago.
Figaro invited us to his wedding, but when we arrived everyone had already left.
He's overreacting.
Greed is good.
There's no substitute for hard work.
Probably not.
Sex change operations are now tax-deductible.
Those who live by the sword die by the sword.
I thought he would come alone.
The Nintendo DS is a popular handheld game console.
I bought a Nintendo 3DS.
I received a Playstation Vita as a gift.
I will never throw away my Playstation.
I have many games for the Xbox.
Do you have a Playstation 3?
It looks like my Xboxis broken.
There's a new console out. It's called the Nintendo 64!
The Super Nintendo's graphics are amazing. They're so much better than those of the original Nintendo.
Sega used to make video game consoles a long time ago.
Pong is the first videogame.
Improving upon perfection is not an easy job.
Have you played the latest Zelda?
It looks fantastic.
Is there a cure for stupidity?
There's no cure for stupidity.
That's so fucked up.
That's fucked up man.
I think my boyfriend is spying on my emails.
It seems that many people don't know the difference between "loose" and "lose".
It seems that many people don't know the difference between "then" and "than".
It seems that many people don't know the difference between "their" and "they're".
It seems that many people don't know the difference between "it's" and "its".
I used to have a MiniDisc player.
I used to have an MD player.
Something fishy is going on.
He's very upset by this.
She's very upset.
She's upset right now.
Beauty such as hers is rare.
I'd like to see Terry Tate.
Mr So-and-so called today.
A lot of flowers have bloomed.
He is definitely not a bad person.
He asked, "Do you love me?"
If there's a way to tell whether or not a girl has a boyfriend, please tell me.
I met her in the winter.
The mystery deepens.
I met her last winter.
I met her in the winter three years ago.
I met her in the winter a number of years ago.
I met her one winter day.
I met her on a certain winter day.
Work is for people without talent.
I met her in the winter of last year.
These sentences are not directly linked.
I met her in the winter several years ago.
I was always honest with you, but you never tried to be honest with me.
The cake is a lie.
We were startled by the explosion.
He was startled by the explosion.
We all agree that we should leave early.
They pulled their boat up onto the beach.
They dragged their boat onto the beach.
Let's end this debate.
Taking trips is a lot of fun.
It's a lot of fun going on trips.
Traveling is a lot of fun.
People say that he's still alive.
I hear that he's still alive.
They say that he's still alive.
We do what we must because we can.
This was a triumph!
You are not a good person. You know that, right?
It turned out to be the truth.
We are concerned about our planet.
I'm going to reconsider it.
We should consider a combined effort.
By chance we saw him coming out of the shop.
I want to eat ice cream.
I eat tofu.
One of the biggest problems guys have talking to girls is running out of things to say.
What is it you want right now?
There will be situations where no textbook answer will be available to guide you.
Here's where it gets tricky.
I don't want to be exploited.
I'll be back at six-thirty.
I'll be back at half past six.
I'll be back at half six.
I'll be back at 6:30.
I come back home at 6:30.
By the way, I loved the letter.
The fans were ecstatic about the win.
Even today, I still think of my ex-husband.
Starting today, only healthy food. No more junk food for me!
The mother fed the newborn colt.
I don't get it. Where's the punch line?
Anyone who says so is a liar.
Feed the bird.
The Society for Protection of Nature is a non-profit, non-governmental organization.
The Society for Protection of Nature was established by nature lovers, to protect the beauty that surrounded them.
We provide legal advice and strategy recommendations to various public relation campaigns.
The media doesn't distribute the news.
The Unit for Law and the Environment advances environmental protection through legislation and policy avenues.
It is ironic that one of the most colonialist countries of all times accuses Buenos Aires of being colonialist!
It's ironic that one of the most colonialist countries of all times accuses Buenos Aires of colonialism!
Her health is improving little by little.
After splitting up with her, Simon walked away without looking back.
Warning: Chilean Spanish may sound weird in any other place.
He is thinking he would like to visit Paris.
The police fined the driver who didn't obey traffic rules.
Attention: Chilean Spanish may sound strange elsewhere.
Attention: Chilean Spanish may sound weird elsewhere.
Many Persian words exist in Turkish.
A white coin is for a black day.
Money is needed in hard times.
Gaziantep was freed from the French occupation in 1921.
Evliya Celebi was a Turkish traveller who lived in the 17th century.
You don't need to come to the office, you can take the day off.
All men are pigs (present company excepted).
I order you to do your homework right away.
Tomas asked me if I wanted to go to the swimming pool with him.
Stand up and walk.
Your friends are really concerned about your health.
You want to stay away from that guy.
He was fired for being an incompetent worker.
Thomas asked me whether I could accompany him to the swimming pool.
I'm learning Japanese.
Jose muttered the answer to the question asked by the teacher.
I hope it will rain soon!
After knocking twice, the police had no choice but to break the door down.
I have a new email address.
In general, women tend to live ten years longer than men.
She went to the cinema with him.
The young girl remained silent.
I ran into my professor at a restaurant last night.
By chance, I met my professor at a restaurant last night.
It's five o'clock.
Robert had always dreamed of becoming a pilot.
The rain stopped as soon as they went inside.
He was unsure of what to do.
Although she grew up in Japan, she still speaks fluent English.
I'm not impressed.
They're still young.
Where is the closest subway station?
Life is but an absurd dream.
Does Tom have a key to Mary's flat?
The cobbler is looking for a new anvil.
The sawyer brought some timber over to the cooper's shop, but the cooper is still waiting on the hooper. The chandler is doing fine, though.
Inform that woman that her son is alright.
It's OK, but I think you can do it better.
OK, I'll leave you alone.
Playing with other's feelings is wrong.
Everything we know by now is that Aguiar is fine.
They donated money to the Red Cross.
The Internet has exploded.
The Internet has exploded in popularity.
We should ban advertising aimed towards children.
He is a boy, she is a girl.
We are soul friends.
We are soulmates.
You and I are soulmates.
Gesundheit!
No matter how flat you make a pancake, it always has two sides.
She has the clap.
We are lost.
Where is Sevilla in Italy?
Who had this ugly house built?
Do you ever have a fever?
I hope that she'll get better soon.
I like dancing too.
Few people have typewriters.
I would like you to meet a friend of mine.
What a wonderful surprise!
I have missed you so much.
Are you happy here?
I like this city very much.
Why have you come here?
The quality of rice is getting worse.
Does Mr. Ito teach history?
Napoleon Bonaparte was afraid of black cats.
It was a very beautiful flower.
Isn't it so?
I'm sorry Mohammed, I forgot your name!
In fact, it had been a long time since I'd seen you.
How is your new flat?
This is a dangerous thing.
Delivery of goods occurs a month after the order is placed.
I would like to see your products.
Do you have a showroom for your products in the city?
What are your conditions?
Can you make some alterations to this product?
Can I take some of the samples?
There is not enough demand for this product.
This matter does not concern me.
I'll be there in a moment.
What is the matter of surprise in it?
It's an indisputable matter.
Today I have a good appetite.
It is all the same for me.
This serves the purpose.
It is good to feel that nothing can come between a man and wife.
He goes to work by car.
Please be sure to close the windows before you go out.
He was strict with his children.
I got laughed at at school today.
Only God can safely be omnipotent.
What jobs have you had?
Going out together is not the same thing as getting married.
She hasn't forgotten these rules.
He hasn't forgotten these rules.
He's always kept these rules in mind.
She's always kept these rules in mind.
Cats that are completely white with blue eyes are always, or nearly always, deaf.
Tom talked all night.
He's got two cats, one white and one black.
He's a DJ.
Teens do a lot of dumb stuff.
Teenagers do a lot of stupid things.
Biodiversity is declining rapidly throughout the world.
Previous episodes of mass extinctions were driven by natural disasters such as asteroids, but this one is driven by humans.
Ecosystems are degrading rapidly all around the Earth.
We are living through a biodiversity crisis.
You've been up to mischief again!
Skive and slug.
That new song is called "Lollipop".
I like turtles.
It's my full-time job.
That's why he got up early.
This software package has a suggested retail price of $99.
That's right, folks!
The captain, his whore, women and children first!
The monkey rode on the colt.
He's a member of the Royal Society for the Protection of Birds.
Yeah, fat chance!
Let's forget it.
She has to count every penny.
I want a sword!
Hi, sorry I didn't understand you.
She is already sleeping.
He is already sleeping.
We ought to sort the students' names alphabetically.
Are wasps poisonous?
I've never been better.
This insect is tiny, but very dangerous.
Where did the bee sting you?
Everything was out of place when I came back home.
One day, all this will become yours.
Leave her. She needs a few minutes alone.
What should I do with him if I find him?
I need a hammer and half an hour by myself.
It's completely crowded in there.
I don't know if I can resist anymore.
The train is gone.
I was stung by a bee.
My girlfriend dumped me.
He said he was poor.
There exists only one option now.
There exists only one possibility now.
Where is my position on the map?
Again this year a lot of concerts are being given by amateur musicians.
He doesn't show his feelings.
You have to shuffle your classes round whatever happens because you're the lady of the house and you often have lots of guests.
Tom won the lottery, but went bankrupt a year later.
Her daughter is a nurse.
Their daughter is a nurse.
He has blue eyes.
I know what you're scheming to do.
"Was there a dead body in the room?" "No, there was no body there."
"Was there anybody in the room?" "No, there was nobody there."
What can I get you to drink?
It appears that you have appendicitis.
He's already sleeping.
She's already sleeping.
We should sort the students' names alphabetically.
Gendarmes are also human beings.
Gendarmes are human, too.
This sound of danger lent me wings.
Nothing must be done hastily but killing fleas.
The apology was rather ham-handed.
The prejudices against Québec exist due to its linguistic intransigence.
Trolling is a sin!
This isn't where I parked my car.
Don't let anyone into the room.
We have to find the right person for each position.
People who think they can do anything are generally good for nothing.
A large truck came around the corner.
George Washington was born on the twenty-second of February seventeen thirty-two.
George Washington was born on 22nd February 1732.
The workmen arrived early, bringing their ladders.
I need a rest after so many completely full days.
Does there need to be a goal?
Scientists interpret it differently.
This function takes two parameters, the first one is the title of the window, the second one will be the title of the icon.
If you want to use Chinese characters, be sure you've saved your files in the UTF-encoding.
The less I work, the less I want to work.
The capital of Morocco is Rabat.
Abandon all hope, ye who enter here.
I spent my holiday in Israel.
What does catachresis mean?
I often listen to music while I'm studying.
There is a large hole in the wall.
The wall has a large hole in it.
French is spoken in France and in some parts of Italy.
The lava burned away the houses at the edge of the village.
Now I understand why there were persons and pairs of animals of each species in Noah's Ark.
How many animals of each species were there on Moses' ark?
The sea is a harsh mistress.
I was abducted by extraterrestrials.
We've reached the point where a street hooker is explaining how to make something of yourself!
Shall we go out for a walk?
I went to the swimming pool the other day and then I got ill.
She'll be back.
It'll be back.
I'd like to share my secret with you.
Do you actually have any practical merit or have you merely been trying to give them a sense of the true spirit of polite society?
I'll tell you everything when I come round and see you.
You have twice dared to contradict me in front of the commissioner.
Please give me some strong coffee as well.
I went on sleeping because the alarm didn't go off.
You're out of your mind.
How did you find me?
He's only winding you up.
Work is everything to me.
Let's just hope our team wins.
How much is this biro?
They have a powerful military arsenal.
What he's trying to say is quite sensible in a way.
He got hooked on drugs at a young age.
I was born in in Athens, where I still live today.
I was working hard, but producing nothing useful.
It's game time!
I'll get used to it sooner or later.
If you had a time machine, where would you go?
Where would you go if you could time travel?
If you had a time machine, which year would you visit?
Oh my God! What are you doing?
I decided to stay here.
Do you have any bread to eat?
I'm hungry because I haven't eaten.
She told me, "open the window".
The opposite of uncomfortable is comfortable.
He is tired.
They named the boy after his grandfather.
How little you know me...
I'm going to sleep, because I'm getting tired.
I'm not the father!
Do it or die!
She blushes.
It used to be taboo for women to smoke.
Would you have sex with me for a million dollars?
There's too much sex and violence in today's movies.
Come hither.
Mary got a bikini wax.
Mary's best friend got a Brazilian bikini wax.
Wow, that's a big clock! Yes, it's a grandfather clock.
Wow, that's a big clock! Yes, it's a longcase clock.
Why do you like short skirts?
What's the difference between a miniskirt and a microskirt?
She's a minger.
He's a talented young director.
He's very intelligent.
Nice ass!
That was close.
That's pretty wild.
He's highly intelligent.
Not all blondes are stupid.
When you get on the highway, shift into fifth gear.
Tom said to Mary that it was just a one-night stand.
Mary is hourglass-shaped.
Mary's measurements are 36-24-36.
The house has been empty for years.
Mary has an hourglass figure.
Mary wants to lose some fat, but Tom thinks that she shouldn't.
Tom wouldn't mind if Mary gained a few pounds.
Mary was jealous that Tom spent so much time with her friend Conchita.
Tom was astounded and fascinated by what he saw there.
Mary doesn't understand why Tom chose a cat as his online avatar.
Mary went to college because she was smart, but Tom went to college because he was a Division player.
Mary chided Tom for spending so much time on Tatoeba.
Mary asked Tom to turn off the computer and prepare dinner.
Mary thought that Tom was wasting his time studying Latin.
The animals had to be killed.
The Latin verb has six infinitives.
Mary likes listening to Hip-Hop music.
Mary couldn't believe that Tom had never listened to Stairway to Heaven.
Tom was sad when he discovered that Mary was a gold digger and Mary was sad when she discovered that Tom was poor.
He did it for the money.
There were flowers here.
Think about your future.
Don't mix sugar with salt.
Tom was surprised that Mary had never listened to November Rain.
I hate you from the bottom of my heart.
If you're happy, so am I.
The show is being recorded in studio 4.
Pics or it didn't happen.
If only I could fly!
Give me a call tonight.
Goal!
Did you talk with your husband?
The game will start in an hour.
He doesn't let me live!
She doesn't let me live!
Rats don't have nephews.
Mice don't have nephews.
I told you no!
The butterfly landed on the hand.
They were not dirty!
I'm cross-eyed.
I'm old enough to not have a curfew.
Life has just begun.
Why are you so fast?
I'll finish it later.
I like pigs. Dogs look up to us. Cats look down on us. Pigs treat us as equals.
True love never ends.
Let's all pray together.
Shut the door! There is a draught here!
We'll wait for you there.
We will wait for you there.
It's a sacred right.
It is a sacred right.
It's the national week of the book.
It is the national week of the book.
His brother is married, but he doesn't have children.
Her brother is married, but he doesn't have children.
What are you waiting for?
Let him wait!
Let her wait!
The work can wait.
Your session expired, please log yourself back in.
It was all in vain!
I know a good store that's cheap.
I know a good restaurant that's inexpensive.
Her real name is Lisa.
I'm not from here.
Death is not to be feared.
The soldier said that death is not to be feared.
All hope abandon, ye who enter in.
Basically, you're absolutely right.
I want to hear you play the piano.
Don't leave the entrance unprotected.
Your computer is completely unprotected.
The prince asked the little girl why she was crying.
I'm from Malta.
Why did Maria say that?
Fine, perhaps I could help you. What is it?
Go to church with your parents and pray for her.
I'll go back home with you.
In fact, I studied all the contents.
They talked about culture.
Effectively, she insulted me.
We always fight over silly things.
Effectively, I killed him.
We argued over this silly thing.
I brought you red roses.
Yes, I'll go with you.
This is the route indicated in the map.
Yes, I'll do what you ask me.
I'll keep fighting until somebody defeats me.
The groom left the bride standing at the altar.
I wouldn't do it for all the tea in China.
I wouldn't do it for all the money in the world.
Come with me!
I'm so anxious.
He lives for studying.
You promise me you won't leave me before the altar?
He lives for his computer.
Everyone left, except for us.
Perhaps we will find it.
My pet is sick.
Maybe they can be happy.
Mary was Tom's high school crush.
The next day, Isabela came back home.
His words confused me.
The bus turned around the corner.
When she kissed me, I felt she was honest with me.
Mary came up to Tom at the party and told him she had a crush on him.
My father went nuts when he saw me hanging out with her.
Mary has a crush on Tom and she wants him to notice her.
The fire knocked down the door.
Mary is in love with a handsome boy from her class named Tom.
Everyone is in favor of the new project.
I was very rich until I met her.
I was very happy until I knew her.
Tom married his high school crush Mary.
I hope it's better tomorrow.
Mary discovered that Tom was having an affair with his secretary.
Mrs. Meier is very attractive.
I told her to sit down and to drink a glass of water.
Mom has a fever.
Her braveness will remain in our memories.
Tom and Mary went on a cruise near Italy for their honeymoon, but the ship sank and Tom was drowned in his cabin.
The windows are open.
It's hot in here, right?
I don't like seeing Dad drunk.
The soldiers are dead.
Mary was accused of practising witchcraft by her neighbours.
I found her mother dead.
The prisoner was found guilty by the judge.
Everyone is looking forward to watching the game.
Mary wished that she could go back in time before she married Tom.
Tom asked Mary and her friends if they wanted to play strip poker, but they refused.
Mary told Tom that she had met a time traveler at the bar, but he thought that she was just being naive.
Mary used her time machine to cheat on the exam.
Mary explained to Tom that the joke relied on a double entendre.
Why did Dickens call this character Master Bates?
That's what she said.
Tom doesn't understand British humour.
I feel smart... Pity... It's just a feeling...
Mary traveled back in time to Paris and became the mistress of Napoleon III.
What time should I wake you up?
I came back home late.
Tom was wounded in a burglary.
Tom could not resist the temptation and spied on Mary in her bath.
Mary frequently has lucid dreams.
Mary had an out-of body experience while meditating.
Tom wears an eyepatch.
Tom and Mary had a pillow fight.
When Mary saw Tom naked, she started laughing.
Mary reassured Tom that he was perfectly normal.
Mary confessed that she prefers well-endowed men.
Mary tried to hide what was really going on.
Mary and Tom care about privacy.
Mary has a pierced tongue.
Mary likes to talk to strangers online.
There's a lot of snow in the winter.
If God is love, I have fallen in God, if I may say so.
I'm from England.
His mother speaks Italian.
My grandfather used to make his own furniture.
Could you call me back a bit later?
Tom admitted his defeat.
I suppose we are to get there soon.
We can't compete with Asia.
My uncle is rich.
My brother is rich.
My father is rich.
I would like to thank my parents, Tom and Mary.
According to Tom, Mary is wild in bed.
"Our customers are in Taiwan", explained Tom.
Tom and Mary bought a home with a pool.
You're doing it wrong! Wear just one eyepatch!
You're doing it wrong!
Our leader will know what to do.
When he failed to find a job, Tom started feeling desperate.
Mary traveled into the future and found that climate change had destroyed all life on Earth.
Mary was shocked when she learned that Tom had had sex with his cousin.
Eat fruits!
Good morning, doctor!
This is a lion.
Tom carefully checked that the gas was turned off.
I drink alcohol.
Is this our hotel?
You can't eat the money.
We count on you.
He was born in 1960.
What is psychoanalysis?
Who is this boy?
He is nothing.
That is essential.
Her mother died in the same hospital she had given birth.
I hope you win!
Call options give the right to buy a security for a certain amount, called the strike price, by a given date. Puts convey the right to sell.
The race is over.
There's something that makes me suffer.
There is something that makes me suffer.
Didn't you know that the east Asian New Year is today?
This is enough for me.
Yesterday I heard a beautiful song.
OK, I'll order it.
I'm from Turkey.
Plot is important!
It's very strange!
It's the land of my ancestors that you're trampling with your feet!
It's the land of my ancestors that you're treading on with your feet!
I told her to sit down and drink a glass of water.
Tom fell asleep during sex ed class.
Tom was surprised by what he learned in sex education class.
Tom and Mary had a heated discussion on same-sex marriage.
Oliver asked his parents, Tom and Mary, where do children come from.
Mary announced to Oliver that he would soon have a new brother.
Mary announced to Oliver that he would soon have a new sister.
Mary announced to Oliver that he would soon have a new brother or sister.
When he learned that he would have a new brother or sister, Oliver was overjoyed.
Tom and Mary were stealing glances and smiling at each other.
Mary and Tom were shocked when they saw Oliver come back with his first tattoo.
Mary wanted a tattoo that meant "Love and Fidelity", but it really means "Stupid Foreigner" in Chinese.
Mary's parents disapproved of her decision to get tattooed.
Three times three is nine.
Mary explained to her parents that everyone at school had a tattoo, but they remained unconvinced.
Mary tasted seaweed for the first time and liked it.
What if you regret it?
You never know.
Danger is my middle name.
I need an interpreter.
He brought me to the bus stop.
I need a translator.
Your threats don't frighten me.
Are you fucking stupid?
Tom's car has horsepower.
Tom's car has a top speed of mph.
Tom bought an electric car.
Tom's job was outsourced to China.
Tom tried to convince Mary to have a threesome.
Tom likes to fool around.
Tom tried to persuade Mary to have a threesome.
Look after the pennies and the pounds will look after themselves.
She didn't arrive at the party, but nobody knows why.
She didn't come to the party, but nobody knows why.
I'd like you very much to accept my request.
She didn't come to the party, but nobody knows the reason.
She has a heart disease.
He's afflicted with leprosy. Don't go near him.
The moon is exceptionally pretty tonight.
My aunt had three kids.
My aunt had three children.
I would love to meet an Esperantist and spend the whole day saying, "What is this?".
I'd love meeting an Esperantist and spending the whole day saying, "What's this?".
Maybe he was ill.
Tom tried to convince Mary to put on sexy lingerie.
Tom tried to seduce his secretary.
Tom didn't mind that Mary had small breasts.
Mary likes to shop at Macy's.
Mary likes to shop at Forever 21.
Mary likes to shop at H&M.
Mary was concerned that Oliver had a secret girlfriend.
Mary had a girls' night out.
I don't want to live on this planet anymore.
Mary's parents hate Tom.
Tom got into a fight with Mary's brother and broke his nose.
I fear for the future of humanity.
I fear for the future of mankind.
Mary didn't like Tom's parents.
Even though Tom is quite ugly, Mary still fell in love with him.
Tom's parents live in an old trailer.
The house has three floors.
The house has three stories.
Mary's parents live in a mansion.
Mary's parents live in a big house.
Mary's parents live in a large house.
Mary's parents live in a monster house.
Mary's parents live in a 8,sq ft. mountaintop home in Aspen.
Tom broke up with his girlfriend.
Mary thinks that Oliver is still too young to have a girlfriend.
There are plenty of nice girls out there.
Mary said that she doesn't pick guys for their looks.
Tom was about to break up with Mary when she told him that she was pregnant.
Oliver found out that his new girlfriend is an illegal alien.
Oliver found out that his new girlfriend is an illegal immigrant.
Crossing that desert is dangerous.
The town was deserted.
The wreckage of the plane was found in the desert.
The bill, please! I'll get this today.
I got back from Scotland last night.
We got lost in the desert with no water or food.
Yesterday I went to the Goethe-Institut in Bologna with my mother to ask for information about their German courses.
Tom is a narcissist.
To find out about radio broadcasts in Esperanto you can look in the Esperanto magazines or on the internet.
Mary's parents cannot stand Tom.
After wandering aimlessly through the desert for months, we discovered a solitary oasis.
I'm getting nauseous.
Do you know if he is available? I need to know in order to make an appointment with him.
In Latin, "gallus" means both "cock" and "Frenchman".
It was agreed that he would be leaving first.
I must repay my debts.
We apologise for the inconvenience.
I had little expectation for him.
You may pay in advance for your order.
From now on, there is no reason to worry any more.
What's her name again?
She enjoyed conversing with him.
The fuse has blown.
The Nazis wiped his name out of the history books.
The perpetrator could almost completely remove all traces.
She wiped him out of her memory.
Greece can no longer pay off its debts.
That people should be wiped off the face of the Earth.
She removed him from her memory.
Mary loves kung fu.
Why do you want to know what I'm thinking?
The hotel burned down.
Please write your contact address here.
I just found a solution for the problem.
The land became a slum.
Do you remember the town in which he was born?
Do you remember the town he was born in?
There's nothing I can do to help them.
The sleep of reason produces monsters.
I have a fish bone stuck in my throat.
It's two o'clock.
Come back in two days.
Okay.
Maria lives in a middle class neighborhood.
He hurt his ear while he was shaving himself.
I don't need your advice.
It's this month's magazine.
I found a book with a red cover and decided to borrow it.
Some people live only with what they find in big dumping grounds.
I have no money to pay for the bus.
I never had a steady job.
Did you lose anything, miss?
A language is a living system that evolves over time.
Despite everything she said to me, I can't stop thinking about her.
I know who killed the police inspector.
It's time for us to talk.
Something very strange happened in Salvador city.
Something very strange happened last night.
When do you come?
There's something very strange happening here in our house.
Did you see it is impossible?
See now that studying does matter?
Do you see that you were going to lose anyways?
When Oliver started driving, it seemed that he didn't understand the risks involved.
Oliver is a thrill-seeker.
Oliver thought that his parents, Tom and Mary, weren't setting rules or monitoring his whereabouts.
Oliver crashed his parents' car into a tree because he was distracted by his friends.
Oliver crashed Tom and Mary's car into a tree because he was distracted by his friends.
Mary is a trophy wife.
Mary is years younger than Tom, but Tom is times richer than Mary.
Tom is old enough to be Mary's grandfather.
He's old enough to be her father.
The land became a village.
Tom is very good at videogames.
Mary thinks that Oliver is spending too much time playing videogames.
You are the tallest one.
You're the tallest one.
I have a lot of work to do tomorrow.
Procrastination: It's serious business.
Tom loves ice-cold drinks.
He lives a long way away.
She lives a long way away.
Tom was deployed to Iraq.
He lives in the back of beyond.
She lives in the back of beyond.
The more time the student has to prepare something, the less he will use to actually prepare it.
I have three points on my licence.
Due to one of the member's professional contrainsts, the meeting had to be postponed.
He went on a walk.
He cried with joy.
Mr. Jones was born in the United States.
Although dull in almost every aspect, you're sharp in the most unexpected matters.
CPR is a fundamental rescue technique in an emergency situation with another person.
Tom is a member of the NRA.
Tom is in favor of gun control.
Tom owns a hunting rifle.
Tom bought a webcam.
Tom's phone can take pictures.
That sounds sensible.
Tom has a Dreamcast.
Tom is playing on his gamecube.
Those lazy men neglect their duties over and over again.
State intervention should be conducted by generating positive and intense incentives.
If you die, I'll kill you!
As far as I know, he is not married.
Her blood flowed over her chest.
One mind is good, but two are better.
Five hundred soldiers were sent to the city, with less than half of them surviving.
He will always love her.
Five hundred soldiers were sent to the city, and less than half of them survived.
Are you full?
Do you speak Catalan?
It's not going to rain tonight.
He is an aristocrat.
God is always right.
I bought a hat.
They are fairy tales for children.
He gave me tea without sugar.
I made a mess of it.
It doesn't have any meaning.
It doesn't have any significance.
When the train goes through the station, the windows rattle noisily and the whole house shakes.
Don't confuse me.
I am afraid of heights.
I am an eighteen-year-old student of mathematics.
There is no link between these two.
Why is Esperanto the ideal language for communication?
I hate Esperanto.
Did your husband foot the bill?
We've been working on this for five months. Don't fuck it up now.
It is never too late to be what you could have been.
He has eleven children.
Don't fuck it up!
Don't screw it up!
I apologize for the delay.
I am drinking coffee.
I went to many shops to look for the book.
Is that the key you are looking for?
He returned home after being away for ten months.
I'm never gonna let her live that down.
A lion is strong.
He lives in Cardiff.
I want to learn English.
I don't care as long as you're happy.
Wolves don't usually attack people.
I often confuse John and his twin brother.
I have hardly any English books.
I have very few books in English.
Who did you hear this news from?
Mass production lowers the cost of certain goods.
Lemon tea without sugar, please.
I will support him.
Learning foreign languages is boring.
Queen Elizabeth died in 1603.
All of my relatives are taller than me.
I've never tried Chinese food.
I love French coffee.
Come whenever you want to.
I'd appreciate it if you'd turn off the lights.
I don't know whether it is the morning or the afternoon.
"What would you like to buy?" "I would like to buy a dog."
There was enough water for two days.
Do you like to travel? Me too.
Poets cannot live without love.
He promised me that he wouldn't tell anybody.
He promised me he wouldn't tell anyone.
I have to lose weight, so I'm going on a diet.
Can you see the invisible man?
Don't say anything without thinking.
Nobody loves me.
I hate Tom.
Everybody has to eat.
Many scientists affirm that life on Earth didn't come up by chance.
I have already been here for two hours.
Planets don't emit light by themselves.
I want to give Mom a plant.
She helped the old man cross the road.
He showed me a lot of beautiful photos.
I can't remember the melody of that song.
Within a month of going abroad, he became sick.
The old woman climbed the stairs with difficulty.
Once you've formed a bad habit, you can't get rid of it easily.
I'm on the eighth floor.
Arithmetic is being able to count up to twenty without taking off your shoes.
I am your friend, right?
I'd like to pay.
The flowers perished from the frost.
There are no plants on the Moon.
There are a lot of stars larger than our own sun.
A fire broke out on the second floor.
My brother skips school often.
Send her my regards.
Maybe she will come tomorrow; maybe she didn't come yesterday only because tomorrow she will have more free time.
Now we have enough people to play mahjong.
The interface of this website is somewhat pedestrian, but it’s simple.
Here is one of my pictures.
Here is one picture of me.
If I had visited Murcia, I would have seen the cathedral.
I have fewer students than Pedro does.
I want you to visit Canarsie.
I am interested in running the marathon in Bildersee next year.
You have to try not to forget what time it is.
I planned to become a teacher, but I never did.
Children are the flowers of life.
You are not trying!
I love puzzles so much!
She loves the child as if it were her own.
He ate the whole apple.
All of my siblings are taller than me.
I don't know where I am.
Why don't you want to come to the cinema with me?
Ah, thank you, my dear.
These three years have gone by like three days, just like a dream!
You broke the washing machine.
I was about to go out when the telephone rang.
He was about to go out when the telephone rang.
Many people attended his funeral.
Many people attended her funeral.
Since it's important, I'll do it.
It's important, so I'll do it.
We caught him red-handed.
Use your own words to retell the content of the lesson.
This is a letter in Ryo's handwriting.
Tom's mother was a wise woman.
In all of my travels, I have never seen a more beautiful mountain than Mount Everest.
USSR stands for Union of Soviet Socialist Republics.
Why have you been so angry with me for the last week?
Tiger lillies bloomed in the garden.
I don't like suck-ups.
Loud music is bad for your health.
What were they arguing about?
What were you arguing about?
Tom thinks that cars have faces.
This car looks angry.
This car looks happy.
The car is blue.
Tom was scammed by Nigerian scammers.
Tom was the victim of an advance-fee fraud.
Tom was the victim of a fraud.
Tom has scurvy.
Mary was kidnapped by pirates.
Green is my favourite colour.
Mary likes haute couture.
English doesn't differentiate between the verbs "ser" and "estar".
The textbook shows the meaning of each individual word with a picture.
The chance that Tom will get arrested is very slim.
The chance that Tom will be executed is very slim.
Year 2011's most notorious expression is "Kebab murders".
The notorious expression of the year is "Kebab murders".
The non-word of the year is "Kebab murders".
The ghastly neologism of the year is "Kebab murders".
The non-word for the year is "Döner murders".
This city is not for me.
I still have to get the rest of my stuff out.
He goes to kindergarten.
The term "Sattelzeit" denotes the transitional period between the early modern age and the late modern age.
The classical periodization of history studies in Ancient times, the Middle Ages and Modern Era is based on a Eurocentrist world view.
You will see that everything has become very beautiful and you will be able to present something really impressive to the guests.
You will see that everything has become very beautiful and you will be able to present something really impressive to those invited.
He hasn't started soldering the electronic components on the PCB yet.
He hasn't started soldering the electronic components on the printed circuit board yet.
If the torque is too high, the shaft might break. That's why we are using a shear splint as a torque limiter.
I have a lot of work to clear up by the weekend.
Hold the ball with both hands.
Those three years went by like three days, like in a dream!
Recently, Israel and Iran have very few things in common, but Esperanto is one of them.
Tom started taking boxing lessons when he turned twelve.
Tom wants Oliver to learn how to box, but Mary thinks that it's too dangerous.
Tom wants to learn boxing, but his mother thinks it's too dangerous.
I wouldn't like to meet him in a dark place.
Tom bought a plasma TV on Black Friday.
Tom thinks that he's the center of the universe.
Tom is convinced that the earth is flat.
Tom thinks that the sun revolves around the earth.
Tom is a very rich person.
Could you make an example to reify your idea?
From your lips to God's ears!
Let's hope so!
May God hear you!
Please wait outside the house.
Do you know his name?
Many miners are afraid that the mine will be closed down soon.
Year 2011's most infamous expression is "Kebab murders".
The most infamous expression for the year is "Kebab murders".
Tom has a private jet.
Tom drank a lot of vodka on his trip to Russia.
Tom has a private yacht.
He had a whale of a time.
To rule a country is no easy task.
To rule a country is not an easy task.
To govern a country is no easy job.
To govern a country is not an easy job.
I prefer taking medicine rather than getting an injection.
I prefer to take medicine rather than getting a shot.
When will you eventually get out of the bathroom?
That street was very noisy.
Come on, everything will be alright.
I've never dated her. It's just friendship.
I've never dated her. She's just a friend.
I prefer to be hanged rather than being shot.
I'm waiting for a very important call.
I need someone to understand me.
Wrap the pastry with a banana leaf.
The customers are complaining about the service.
The beauty salon is full on Saturdays.
He had gone to get a haircut, but he'll be back soon.
Buy two egg boxes.
Pregnancy only happens if the ovum is fertilized.
It surprised me that platypus lay eggs.
My computer is antiquated already.
My daughter tells me I'm old-fashioned because I don't use a cellphone.
He thinks that playing board games is old-fashioned now.
He's been in the service for years.
My history teacher is an old Portuguese.
When I say hello to him, he never replies; he only inclines his head.
Later, they were murdered stealthily.
When did you join the force?
Some of them were murdered by soldiers, while others died of hunger, cold or diseases.
Why do you insist? I already said no!
I know that tune, but I can't remember the lyrics.
Why yes it is.
She has to take a remedial course in English.
My father is going bald.
Tom was sad because he was the only one not invited to the party.
I spent five days in that filthy well. In that moment, my only solution was praying.
In today's life, the world belongs only to the stupid, the insensitive, and the agitated.
How do you like them apples?
I noticed I was being observed.
The car doesn't start.
Oh? You stopped altogether?
Tom organized a neighborhood basketball team.
Tom put together a neighborhood basketball team.
He works at the company seven days a week.
Mary believes in the power of love.
Won't it be dark in the rain?
Tom is rather eccentric.
Tom is a jedi.
Mary bought Tom a new lightsaber for his birthday.
In the year 2012, there will be flying cars everywhere.
The drawing is bad.
The drawing is faulty.
Tom bought a Roomba.
My cat likes my keyboard.
The drawing is defective.
The weather report is faulty.
The weather report is defective.
The weather report is bad.
Is it not dark in the rain?
Be bold!
In the rain, is it dark?
You've got to be bold!
Is that really true?
Tom has a small penis.
Tom has a large penis.
You've got to be intrepid!
Mary doesn't have time to do the laundry.
You've got to be audacious!
Tom is a bus driver.
Tom is a school janitor.
You've got to be hardy!
Tom complained about the excessive noise.
Tom kissed Mary's hand.
Tom is surrounded by beautiful women.
Why did you decide to study English?
Tom is a nudist.
Tom and Mary went to a nudist club.
I went to a nude beach in France.
Mary giggled.
I never had a car.
Today is a beautiful day.
I'm afraid of dogs.
I'm curious.
Correct me if I'm wrong.
It seems I have a slight cold.
I'm sorry to have caused you so much trouble.
She's dieting.
He's a baseball player.
He's able to speak Japanese.
She's absent because she's sick.
He's three years older than she is.
He's three years older than her.
She wants to know who sent the flowers.
She's curious to find out who sent the flowers.
I don't know exactly when I'll be back.
I'll postpone my trip to Scotland until it's warmer.
Croatia is in the southeastern part of Europe.
Croatia is located in the southeastern part of Europe.
Croatia is a country in the southeastern part of Europe.
Croatia is a country located in the southeastern part of Europe.
Croatia is a country in southeastern Europe.
Esperanto is an aid for teaching foreign languages.
It's not evening yet.
If the thunder isn't roaring, the peasant won't cross himself.
It's already eleven.
She'll probably come.
I'm surprised that you won the prize.
It's difficult to understand his theory.
It's hard for me to put my thoughts into words.
It's up to you to decide whether we'll go there or not.
One shouldn't take the hat away from a fool.
If I hadn't had your cooperation, I couldn't have finished the work in time.
He couldn't accept a strange woman as his mother.
He couldn't bring himself to believe her story.
He doesn't seem to be aware of the conflict between my father and me.
I didn't notice how she was dressed.
I told her once and for all that I wouldn't go shopping with her.
If that guitar weren't so expensive, I could buy it.
What's important isn't which university you've graduated from, but what you learned while you were there.
It'd be better if you didn't associate with men like that.
You shouldn't associate with men like that.
I want a boat that'll take me far away from here.
That'll put you in danger.
Rabbits have long ears and short tails.
He's been staying at that hotel for the past five days.
He's been staying at that hotel since five days ago.
She's been absent from school for five days.
They're on good terms with their neighbors.
We've walked all around the lake.
You should've rejected such an unfair proposal.
English is like a universal language.
English is like a world-wide common language.
That's why he got angry.
That's the reason he became angry.
The beach is an ideal place for children to play.
There's a book about dancing on the desk.
There's an exception to every rule.
What languages are spoken in America?
Which is larger, Japan or England?
She'd just begun to read the book when someone knocked on the door.
She never dreamed she'd meet him overseas.
She never dreamed she'd meet him in a foreign country.
Where in Turkey do you live?
You're working too hard. Take it easy for a while.
You don't get up as early as your sister, do you?
You look just like your older brother.
You shouldn't say that kind of thing when children are around.
The recent advances in medicine are remarkable.
He put the book on the shelf.
He earns three times more than I do.
He earns three times more than me.
He makes three times more money than I do.
He told me his life's story.
Mary is a yodeler.
Nobody backed up what I said.
Our teacher doesn't just speak English, but French too.
She was sitting in a chair, watching TV.
He finally met my demands.
He finally fulfilled my request.
This car needs to be washed.
This piece doesn't match.
Tom kissed Mary on the lips.
Please be sure to close the cap properly after use.
Am I my brother's keeper?
Tom was framed.
Tom invited Mary to supper.
He enjoyed hobnobbing with diplomats and celebrities.
There are people of many different races living in America.
Please send this by registered mail.
I want to send this by registered mail.
was the year that I was born.
It'll cost about 2,yen to repair it.
It'll cost about 2,yen to fix it.
It's about time for the guests to arrive.
The guests should be arriving soon.
Tom got tested for STDs.
Tom likes to look at pictures of cats.
Times change, and we change in them.
The girl he's speaking to is Nancy.
The times are changed and we are changed in them.
Tom thinks that schools should teach children to obey authority.
Mary thinks that the world is a dangerous place.
The typhoon did a lot of damage to the crops.
A pretty girl lived in that village.
This is the nicest present I've ever received.
Three people are missing after the flood.
Oliver likes to play with Playmobil.
Frankly speaking, I don't like your idea.
Ten people were packed into the small room.
"I care very deeply for you," she confessed.
I was afraid that I might be late for the bus.
I'm afraid that he might be late for the train.
Tom is a conservative.
Mary is a liberal.
Tom is out of prison.
My mother bought me a nice dress last Sunday.
Tom's tax rate is 15%, but his secretary's tax rate is 35%.
My mother divided the cake into eight pieces.
Tom is a convicted felon.
She was wearing a green coat with a matching mini-skirt.
Mary has a dirty mind.
Mary's shoes are dirty.
Tom's boots were muddy.
It's hard to keep up with his dirty deeds.
Mary is carrying a watermelon.
Tom is a womanizer.
Tom was cleared of the theft charge.
Tom works as a bouncer in a nightclub.
The baby looked just like her mother.
Tom and Mary have trouble getting along.
Tom and Mary swam in the ice-cold lake.
Oliver uses Clearasil.
Oliver has an acne problem.
The house we used to live in was torn down.
Mary had a rhinoplasty.
Mary insulted the waiter.
Tom invited Mary to a party at the country club.
Tom asked Mary to dress like a French maid.
Tom is dancing with the ladies.
Mary slapped Tom.
Tom and Mary made love passionately on the beach at sunset.
That place is worth visiting at least once.
Mary started taking her clothes off.
Tom and Mary live in a seedy rundown neighbourhood.
Mary will stop at nothing to achieve her goal.
Give me a chance!
Mary's sister is shy and awkward.
Mary was arrested for shoplifting.
Mary likes romantic comedies.
The teacher can't have said such a thing.
Tom fell down the stairs and hit his head.
The twin brothers look exactly alike.
Tom wished he knew more than one language.
You don't need to be afraid of making mistakes.
It looks like it's going to clear up soon.
My mother bought my brother a yellow umbrella.
Please bring me a chair from the next room.
The plane arrived at Itami Airport on time.
This is the camera I bought yesterday.
Frankly speaking, I think he's a good boss.
I can't afford to buy the new bicycle.
Both claims are false.
We had to nix tomorrow's meeting because of a scheduling problem.
Tom has a collection of Matryoshka dolls.
Death is a mysterious lady without compassion.
Death is a mysterious, merciless lady.
He is one of the British hopefuls for the London Olympics.
Tom has a large dick.
Tom has a small dick.
Tom and Mary met at a New Year's party.
Tom and Mary exchanged numbers at the party.
Tom showed Mary around the school.
Tom showed Mary around the office.
Conchita felt guilty for ruining Tom and Mary's relationship.
Conchita decided to tell Mary the truth.
Mary is a famous pop star.
Tom is a teen idol.
Mary is an obsessive fan of Tom.
Tom is being chased by paparazzi.
Tom has an evil twin brother.
Tom is a quarter back.
Tom is being bullied by Mary.
Mary spotted Tom and Conchita flirting together.
Football means everything to Tom.
Mary tried to comfort Tom.
Mary saw Tom and Conchita holding hands.
Mary found out about Tom's secret relationship.
The building was given up to a youth club.
Tom has siblings.
Tom and Mary live on a farm and have children.
Tom and Mary have about children, but they're not quite sure of the exact number.
Where is his clinic situated?
Where is his clinic located?
The door is closed.
His condition could have been worse.
It's out of your hands.
From a bird's-eye view, Los Angeles looks like a chequered carpet.
Please fill out the following questionnaire.
Please fill out the attached job application form.
The mobile phone you have dialed is either switched off or outside the coverage area. Please try again later.
At the tone it will be one hour, fifty eight minutes and forty seconds.
Her ring fell into a river and sank to the bottom.
Where are the lifeboats?
Please fill out the attached application form.
Please complete the attached job application form.
Please complete the attached application form.
Where can I find a taxi?
Hope is a little voice whispering "maybe" when it seems the entire world is shouting "no"!
Never be defeated by the malice of people, by their agression and their hate, no matter how intense.
No matter how carefully you choose your words, they'll always end up being twisted by others.
What defines us is how well we arise after falling.
If you really want to do something, you'll find a way. If you don't, you'll find an excuse.
Anything worth doing is worth overdoing.
I lost my wife due to a traffic accident.
I lost my wife in a traffic accident.
Being happy doesn't mean that everything is perfect, but rather that you've decided to look beyond the imperfections.
I intend to stay at a five-star hotel.
I wish to stay at a five-star hotel.
It's a good day to have a good day.
Sometimes the people you think don't want to talk to you are the ones waiting for you to talk to them.
If you want to know where your heart is, look to where your mind goes when it wanders.
You can't have a relationship without any fights, but you can make your relationship worth the fight.
People speak so much about the need for leaving a better planet for our children, and forget the urgency of leaving better children for our planet.
The hardest thing in life is knowing which bridges to cross and which bridges to burn.
If you didn't hear it with your own ears or see it with your own eyes, don't invent it with your small mind and share it with your big mouth.
I honestly think it's better to be a failure at something you love than to be a success at something you hate.
Faith is taking the first step, even when you don't see the whole staircase.
Surround yourself only with people who are going to lift you higher.
Anything you're good at contributes to happiness.
Prejudices are what fools use for reasons.
Go the extra mile; it's not crowded.
A good deed lightens a dark world.
Do what you can, with what you have, where you are.
Worry often gives a small thing a large shadow.
Do not feel obliged to believe that the same God who has endowed us with sense, reason and intellect has intended us to forgo their use.
Our chief want in life is somebody who shall make us do what we can.
A word of encouragement during a failure is worth more than an hour of praise after success.
Everyone smiles in the same language.
The highest form of ignorance is to reject something you know nothing about.
Worrying is like a rocking chair; it gives you something to do but doesn't get you anywhere.
Life is like photography; you used the negatives to develop.
You don't need to attend every argument you are invited to.
A smile is the most beautiful curve on a woman's body.
When you stop chasing the wrong things, you give the right things a chance to catch up.
Sometimes the hardest thing and the right thing are the same thing.
The trouble with the world isn't that people know too little, but they know so many things that ain't so.
Some people come into your life as blessings, others, as lessons.
The secret of life is hanging around until you get used to it.
Maybe all one can do is hope to end up with the right regrets.
The purpose of life is a life of purpose.
A smooth sea never made a skillful sailor.
We do not need an intelligent mind that speaks, but a patient heart that listens.
Sometimes I want to ask God why He allows poverty, famine and injustice in the world when He could do something about it, but I'm afraid He might just ask me the same question.
A bicycle runs on fat and saves you money; a car runs on money and makes you fat.
"Especially challenged people" sounds better than "handicapped persons".
It was really considerate of you to lend me dollars when I was in difficulty.
I am what I am today thanks to my parents.
She had already gone to bed when I called her at p.m.
I visited Canada a long time ago.
Thank you very much for lending me $when I was having difficulty making ends meet.
I was taught something different.
That incident happened right in front of him.
I am sure we have a lot in common.
Tom has a tiny dick.
Tom has a big penis.
We have to admit that our team is inferior to that of the United States.
We have to admit that our team is inferior to the American one.
It's foolish on your part to swim when it's so cold.
We postponed our departure because of the storm.
Mary is young, but full of talent.
Tom was barely alive when we found him.
You may come in now.
Please turn in your homework by tomorrow.
Please be quiet so you don't wake Tom up.
It's been five years since my father died.
It's been five years since my father passed away.
It's been years since Marilyn Monroe died.
I gathered from what she said that she liked him.
I was born the year my grandfather died.
My mother went to the department store to do some shopping.
The disease was caused by a new micro-organism.
In what hotel do you intend to stay?
I'd never wear a shell suit.
I'd never wear a tracksuit.
I'd open the window: I need some fresh air.
Can you please clean the board?
I'll eat my hat if she turns up on time.
We should go the whole hog.
We should go whole hog.
The pre-Islamic Arabs were nomads.
A person who follows Islam is known as a Muslim.
Burj Khalifa is currently the tallest skyscraper in the world.
I sold it for euros.
Is the ticket good for the floating tram as well?
The hooligans have been banned from matches.
I saw an airplane.
How will you sort the animals?
In which language do you want to see names of animals?
Do you know how to juggle?
The border is closed.
I'm not at my best in the mornings.
Stop making such a fuss!
Swipe either left or right to see another animal.
Tap an animal to hear the sound.
Rotate your screen to see other images.
I'm about to blow my top.
Tom blew his top when he heard that Mary had gone out with John.
I'd like to organize a block party.
Frederick the Great introduced the potato to Prussia.
What time is good for you?
An egg is a zygote.
My uncle has a house in Italy.
Rake the leaves in the backyard.
I pray for a better future.
You don't have to go inside. You can pay at the pump.
Click me to hide this screen.
Click the image to hear animal's sound.
Can I get dollars on pump 3?
Do you want fries with that?
Children love chips with everything.
Would you like to go out with me?
Don't listen to him.
If you don't ask her out, I will.
"Can I get a Coke?" "Is Pepsi okay?"
"Can I get a Coke?" "Is Pepsi alright?"
Opportunities like this don't come along every day.
I'll see to it first thing tomorrow.
There's something about him that just doesn't sit right with me.
Are we still on for later?
You should bone up on your French before your trip to Marseille.
You need to set the record straight once and for all.
Swallowing and throat-clearing can be a sign that someone is lying.
Is there a thing of which it is said, ‘See, this is new’? It has already been, in the ages before us.
Tom is addicted to Coke, but he doesn't like Pepsi.
The crowd is going nuts.
Mary likes nuts.
Tom is completely nuts.
Mary is a nutty old bat.
Tom has a big schlong.
Mary likes to party.
It looks like Mary is drunk again.
The skyscraper is in the center of the city.
Tom is out of the tournament.
The northern English town of Scunthorpe is difficult to find on the web.
She died.
"I want to die." "First, I pray you, learn what it is to live."
My heart bleeds.
That's the sweet spot.
Tom is a draft dodger.
Tom fled to Canada.
Tom fled slavery by escaping to Canada.
How is your work going?
That's wrong! The function is bijective!
This problem requires a large effort to be solved.
This is the first time that I've eaten in an Italian pizzeria.
Mary has a strong personality.
What the heck?
Mary has a headache.
Mary felt excluded.
Tom didn't want to do something he would regret.
The film was inspired by the novel of the same title.
I am a single mother of four children.
James Bond is not an actor.
Prince Hamlet wasn't a playwright.
I slept like a dog.
What is she talking about?
Depression is common among young adults who have Asperger syndrome.
Hamlet proclaimed that he was not mad, but only pretended to be mad. Could it be, that he was mad all along? Or maybe he wasn't mad at first, but later on - as things became more and more complicated - he started to really lose his mind? Or maybe, he wasn't mad at all?
Tom is cocksure.
Tom thinks he can do the job better than anyone else.
GPS means "Global Positioning System".
I wish I had more time to talk to you.
I believe the prince is merely prentending to be mad in order to gain time to make a decision about killing the king.
Hamlet is very much a man who can't make up his mind.
Hamlet spends the first half of the play buying time so he won't have to make a decision, and his madness allows him the freedom to wander unopposed.
No, I don't think Hamlet was actually mad. Whenever he is alone with Horatio, he's sane enough.
He was stressed, certainly, but sane.
He is not mad, nor ever was.
I'm sure that Hamlet wasn't mad at first. But could it be that he played it so well that he began believing it himself?
Hamlet has a clear understanding of the situation, understands that he is in the wrong no matter what he does, and realizes the consequences of his actions. He is, therefore, not mad.
"Though this is madness, there's method in 't." By definition, Polonius's very words discount the possibility of madness. If there is method, then there is no madness.
Mary has big eyes.
Mary looks a bit like Denise Richards when she was young.
Mary is weird.
Tom's native language is English.
Mary is a professional pole dancer.
Mary is very good at belly dancing.
Mary's hobby is geocaching.
Tom is quite good at Photoshop.
Tom is watching the boob tube.
Tom is the man.
I'm ashamed that my son is such a lazybones.
Tom is a centaur and Mary is a nymph.
Tom is a satyr.
Wherever the needle goes, the thread goes too.
Make yourself some hot tea.
Mary is a famous bounty hunter.
Breakfast is at half past nine.
I always thought medical students were very busy and hard-working people. Then I met you.
Me? Encourage you to work? Blasphemy!
I like toasts very much.
They promised to give a thousand pieces per month.
Tom is using the Internet to learn Spanish.
There barely were children in the classroom.
I think she is very attractive.
This is a restricted area.
She rejected the money.
Normally, we don't do that in Spain.
Her daughter became a beautiful woman.
Is this your picture?
I got up at seven in the morning.
Ask the policeman.
We will visit my grandfather this week.
My table is old.
That hotel is very near the lake.
I've got to help Mary.
I'll do everything for him.
I'd like to live near your house.
He's on his last legs.
She slept even more.
He is in the bathroom.
I think I'm ready to leave.
I think everything is ready.
I think you should go and visit Tom.
Tom was wearing a cowboy hat the last time I saw him.
I hate losing.
I love winning.
I went skiing a lot as a kid.
Tom and Mary just got married, but they don't act like newlyweds.
That sounds like a lot of fun.
That sounds a little dangerous.
He's head over heels in love.
Tom might look the favourite after the first lap of this race, but it's early days.
Introducing foreign plants, such as palm trees can damage ecosystems.
The introduction of foreign plants and animals can cause severe damage to ecosystems.
This book is widely available in libraries.
Don't hesitate to ask a question if you don't understand.
He seldom stays home on Sundays.
I think she'll help me.
The bike parked over there is my brother's.
I visited Kyoto a long time ago.
I visited Paris a long time ago.
You lead me into temptation!
One of the clichés of each detective story is that the victim has obviously been hit "with a blunt object".
Be careful, this guy has a shooting license!
Be careful, he might shoot you!
Beware of a silent dog and still water.
Warning, the guy in front of you is a certified nutter!
She rarely stays home on Sundays.
She rarely stays home on Sunday.
At highway rest stops in Germany, many people eat currywurst with fries.
At travel plazas in Germany, many people eat currywurst with french fries.
This is horrible.
Do you also have kid-size portions?
Do you also have child portions?
I had a good day in Austria learning to ski.
We now have only one week left in the UK before we fly home to Australia.
At motorway service areas in Germany, many people eat currywurst with chips.
She can't drink alcohol.
Do they exist?
The hikers traced a convoluted route through the mountains.
My son has an hereditary disease.
Tom lost lbs.
Tom lost seventy pounds.
Which weekend in March are you coming again?
He was challenged to a drinking contest.
I believe Elvis yet lives.
I believe Elvis is still alive.
Mary has to sew her own clothes.
Tom is Mary's gardener.
The couple have seven children.
We'll keep in touch.
Do you have anything to write with in there?
The student came from London.
I didn't get this joke.
And they all lived happily ever after.
And you ain’t seen nothin’ yet.
Don't be so humble, you are not that great.
Newton's First Law says: "Every object persists in its state of rest or uniform motion in a straight line unless it is compelled to change that state by forces impressed on it".
Newton's Second Law says: "Force is equal to the change in momentum per change in time. For a constant mass, force equals mass times acceleration".
Newton's Third Law says: "For every action, there is an equal and opposite reaction".
GPS trackers are raising new questions about privacy and a legal system that has not kept pace with technology.
Like Sharapova, Azarenka excels in the first two shots of the point. She likes to play first-strike tennis, going after the first ball of the point to send her opponent running.
Even though he explained to me over and over again the meaning of this poem, I still don't get it.
She goes to the supermarket once a week.
I never regretted having helped him.
The police is still investigating the mysterious death of the professor.
I never regretted having kissed you, and I'd do it again if I had the chance.
José says he wants to die before the Third World War.
I'd never ask such a childish question.
I never regretted anything I did.
Jose chose atheism and he never regretted it.
The truth can be overwhelming.
Tom is the tallest boy in our class.
Some day, the boy disappeared without a trace.
Tom is the tallest in our class.
He's the tallest in our class.
He's the tallest in the class.
The king will be banished.
I can't afford to buy a laptop for my son.
I already forgot what happened.
After years of suffering, she finally decided to forget the past and begin a new life.
I forgot my purse in the church.
No matter how I try, I can't forget that kiss.
We never forget our true friends.
The father and the son will be tried for homicide.
Jose is one of the suspects of murdering a cab driver in Rio de Janeiro.
He says he drinks to forget.
One day, Maria became the happiest person in the world.
As I came into the bedroom, there was blood all over the place.
We will never forget about you.
I was wrong; forget what I told you.
It's very sad to find out that all of our plans were in vain.
I spent all I had in order to buy it, but I never regretted doing so.
The fullback was expelled from the match.
Knowing this is the last time I'll be writing to you is very sad.
Tom has a black cat.
The cup is to take pride of place in my study.
His complacency won't make him many friends.
She is completely deaf in her left ear.
His praise of Italian wine at the French winemakers' convention really set the cat among the pigeons.
My uncle brought a two-tiered box of chocolates from Doha.
Every camel has its hump.
No taboo is known to be universal.
The car raced past the farm.
German Shepherds have beautiful bushy tails.
Two riders sped past me, and soon vanished in the distance.
What could cause the body to tremble all over and lose strength?
Most of the passengers on board were Japanese.
We are not in a position to fulfill your expectations.
Sarah is a mousy-quiet and reserved woman.
My pup took a marrow-bone and sat mousy-quiet in a corner.
Earthquake gives me heartquake.
It gives me nausea too.
I adore your comments.
She was sick, so she couldn't come.
I've often thought that about my personal trainer.
If possible, I'd like to know the name of the author.
If possible, I'd like to read more about this subject.
If possible, I'd like to read more about the issue.
You are not in a legal position to demand anything.
I demand to speak with my lawyer.
The majority of the Americans are descended from immigrants.
Latin Americans know very little about the history of the indigenous peoples who used to live here several centuries ago.
I'm not in a position to accept it.
You are not in a position to ask for anything.
You are not in a position to defend yourself.
If possible, I'd like to receive new information about this case.
If possible, I'd like to receive new information about the case.
I have no doubt about it.
I don't believe she would understand.
If possible, I'd like to receive an answer.
He wasn't in a position to give any interview.
José is not in a position to speak right now; please call later.
José cannot speak at the moment; please call later.
I don't want to speak about her.
Why did you decide to speak about that now?
She speaks only about work.
I don't believe she would understand it.
I don't think she would understand it.
Since Puerto Rico is a US colony, Puerto Rico's head of state is the President of the USA, but inhabitants of Puerto Rico are not allowed to vote in US presidential elections.
She discovered a colourful new world.
I've heard that he turned a hippie, because he chewed some mushroom and discovered a new colourful world.
Did you send the fax already?
I'm going out on vacations for two months.
I have a lot to do; otherwise I would accept your invitation.
Whom did you meet?
Do you know what time that supermarket closes?
I'll visit you when you invite me.
Your ex-boyfriend is a jerk.
I don't care about presents. It would have made no difference if you hadn't brought this.
Stay calm. You'll have your reward tomorrow.
Please bring your intermediate examination certificate with you to the first day of class.
"I'm not a monster!", said Tom.
Tom is a mutant.
She will pay up to fifty dollars.
This is how they hunt elephants alive.
Betty drives very fast.
The report was considered false.
I think he will never come back.
She's attractive, but she talks too much.
When I woke up, there was a burglar in my room.
I don't think you can beat me.
One of these kids knows it.
You couldn't live without water.
I want to change my life.
How many men are trying to learn English?
We'll leave tomorrow morning.
We'll be friends forever.
I don't want to die now.
The world outside is very scary.
If you don't know anything about the matter, it's better that you keep quiet.
An atom's dimensions are extremely small.
He left the country after his grandfather's death.
Old people don't pay for bus tickets.
Nobody talked about the movie.
You can guess the protagonist's fate.
I did it so good that I came out in the newspapers.
Shut up! Don't bring that matter up!
I don't want to bring the matter of his death up.
I'd like to get some hints, if possible.
If you don't want to bring that matter up, I'll try to understand you.
Ask if someone wants to talk about the accident.
Maria says she wants to become a model, but she knows very little about fashion.
The team needs more skillful players.
Why don't you ever want to talk about the past?
It's a pity that he had died so young.
Even though I know so little about her, I think I'm in love.
In that interview, Antonio talks about his son that died a few years ago.
"He has so much money that he doesn't know how to spend it." "I wish I was in such a situation... I would know how to spend it."
We study a species of poisonous frog very similar to a stone.
Some precious stones are very similar to gold.
Never had I seen such evil in a single heart!
In a similar situation, I'd do the same.
All at once, I was forced to take an attitude that would change my life forever.
There is nothing to regret about.
This guide book is about São Paulo city.
This is a business paper.
This book is about education.
A language is not something you learn all at once.
We want to buy a house, but we need to save money for that.
Maria knows very little about economy.
If you still don't know about the project, enter to our site for more information.
I got a call about the news, then all of the sudden the entire neighborhood knew about it.
I didn't sleep well at all tonight.
Jack White and Karen Elson are divorced.
I met him on the streets by chance after many years.
I can't open this message. A virus, maybe?
That scientist is responsible for many discoveries.
Now it's time for you to change your habits.
My husband tells me feminist, but he is too sexist.
Of how many chemical elements is water composed?
How many beer cans did he drink?
Our house's roof is on fire!
That word can't be found in such an incomplete dictionary as this.
You aren't likely to find that word in a dictionary that's this small.
We saw a flying saucer.
A flying saucer came and took my cows away.
And where are the aliens, the flying saucers, and the laser guns?
It's her favorite Italian word.
It's his favorite Italian word.
We're having a short maintenance break, we'll be back shortly!
"How many times a week do you play tennis?" "I play tennis three times a week."
How many times a week do you spend time doing fun stuff with your children?
How much time every week do you spend doing fun stuff with your children?
I hate snow!
It was all so perfect!
I am most grateful to you for such an enjoyable evening.
Finally, it's snowing!
I'm excited to try my new pillow!
It's in English.
Tatoeba doesn't have all the languages that I need.
You can count on me to be there by 10:00.
If you aren't there by 10:00, we'll leave without you.
Tom is always in bed by 10:00.
I swear, I didn't do anything.
The highway went on in a large curve.
Elena is the tallest girl in the class.
Put all the boxes in their place.
Legend has it that America was discovered by Christopher Columbus.
Now I speak.
I want to see it with my own eyes.
I haven't told him anything.
You keep calling me all day to talk nonsense.
Do you have another one for me?
He's a beat officer.
Water boils at degrees Celsius at sea level.
I can't stay with my arms crossed!
I want to eat something Korean.
The killers are running away!
My sister always chooses the bigger one.
Who will score the first goal tonight?
Tom gave Mary a driving lesson.
The skyscraper is downtown.
He was just a lewd old man.
That was a phenomenal play.
My questions concern the phenomenal world.
She's on the piss again.
I refrained from voting.
Saints are always depicted with a halo over their heads.
The survey revealed that most pregnant women prefer girls.
He always finds the way out in everything.
I wish I were by your side!
I'm invited to a party tonight.
I can't calculate as fast as he.
You are too skinny!
My jaw hurts.
Cut off that curl!
If you feel threatened, don't hesitate in coming to my house.
It's impossible to translate this sentence without a dictionary.
"Are you calling me a thief?" "Yes, exactly."
He came home when we were about to head out.
"Is that what you wanted to tell me?" "Yes, that's exactly it."
Your wife teaches me Italian.
This magazine is available in any big city in Japan.
Times change.
Pedro, how many languages do you know?
If you buy a new car, what will you do with the old one?
More than 20% of the population owns a car.
My most recent hobby is contributing to Tatoeba.
Times are changing.
I wouldn't go there so long as I could.
We wouldn't say anything even under torture.
They would tell us if they knew of anything.
My cousin is a junkie.
We made good business today.
My cousin is hooked on smack.
Those folks are insane!
Lend me your dog.
I never want to make you angry.
Your Irish temper scares me.
You make it fun to come to work.
What kind of inhaler do you use?
Football is the most popular sport in Brazil.
Dutch people can speak many languages.
This sentence can be translated to Arabic in many ways.
Robin is really adorable when he sleeps.
Why are you so ugly?
What kind of person looks up to a genocide and calls it a hero?
How can a router be used to limit network speed?
I'm a genetically modified organism.
A big day awaits us.
I won't forget that.
A penguin is a bird that cannot fly.
Flowers are the earth's smile.
A man can't always be a hero, but he can always be a man.
Nobody likes impolite salesmen.
All this happens within miliseconds.
That song hunted me for years.
The accused is innocent until proven guilty.
Everybody knows she can speak English well.
Would you like to have a cup of coffee?
Would you like to have another beer?
Would you like some chocolate ice cream?
Would you like some help?
When I had five hens, on the average I'd get three eggs a day.
An insurance claim is a demand made by the insured for payment of the benefits as provided by the policy.
Don't believe people who claim that they know everything.
You are way too intelligent to think you'd be smarter than me.
Smoking is strictly forbidden.
Neither God nor Master.
You shouldn't accept sweets from strangers.
I need to buy food, but I don't have enough money.
Do you want to be my friend?
He's got a crush on her.
You're a two-faced, conniving git.
Actually, Maria is a modern young woman, however, she is as superstitious as my grandmother.
A leopard never changes its spots.
She had suffered a heart attack.
It took us two hours to get to Athens.
People gratuitously making a fool out of themselves is a consequence of a pluralistic and permissive society.
According to Leucippus and Democritus, the atom would be indivisible. Today we know that is not true.
With all due respect, Mr. President, you are an asshole!
And yet this is sheer hard work.
Tom is barechested.
Tom is shirtless.
Tom and Mary are playing beach volleyball.
You definitely can't compare Marseilles and Lyons.
Much sooner than you think.
Even though she was invited, she didn't go to watch the World Cup.
Hanako likes cake a lot.
Hanako really likes cake.
It was this hospital that I visited last month.
He was very anxious on the eve of the exam.
Holy shit!
I love it when they leave the curtains open.
He went out in spite of the storm.
I love you more than I can say.
Who will put a bell on the cat's collar?
Have you already told Tom about what happened to Mary?
Tom thought Mary was the most beautiful woman in the world.
Tom never told Mary how much he loved her.
Tom never thought Mary would ever actually graduate from college.
What's most important in life?
Please don't forget to put the letter into the mailbox.
She's afraid of getting sick again.
She's three years older than me.
She's three years older than I am.
John is two years older than me.
John is two years older than I am.
He's two years older than I am.
She's two years older than I am.
Some people seldom speak unless they're spoken to.
There are people who seldom speak unless they're spoken to.
I was born the year the war ended.
I'm excited.
If I do not get the item this week, I will make a complaint to PayPal.
Send me the tracking number please.
I will post lots of pictures, so it will be like you were there with me.
Eat snow.
He admired her.
I take a bath every morning in the summer.
I hear that she's in the hospital now.
In spite of the heavy rain, he visited his friend in the hospital.
My daughter is in the hospital because she was injured in a traffic accident.
Next Monday, she'll have been in the hospital for a month.
My father has been in the hospital for two months.
I hear that his father is in the hospital now.
They say that he was in the hospital at that time.
They say that he was in the hospital in those days.
She's been in the hospital for a month.
It never occurred to me that she was sick in the hospital.
It never occurred to me that she was sick and in the hospital.
I think she was planning to go visit her mother in the hospital.
I think she was planning to go visit her mother who is in the hospital.
She regained consciousness in the hospital.
Her illness kept her in the hospital for six weeks.
She was in the hospital for six weeks because she was sick.
She was in the hospital for six weeks because of her illness.
Her illness kept her from attending the party.
Illness kept him from attending the party.
He couldn't attend the meeting because he was sick.
I couldn't attend that party because I was sick.
She couldn't attend that party because she was sick.
He dreaded having to spend Christmas in the hospital.
He was very worried about having to spend Christmas in the hospital.
My father visited my uncle in the hospital.
I'm on my way to visit a friend in the hospital.
I'm on my way to visit a friend who's in the hospital.
I'm visiting a friend of mine in the hospital.
My father used to read to me at bedtime.
My father used to read me bedtime stories.
My father used to read books to me at bedtime.
He was poor and couldn't buy a coat.
The teacher was about to finish the useless discussion when his face was hit by a blow from a pupil's fist.
I wasn't able to remember the title of that song.
I couldn't remember the title of that song.
No matter how hard I tried, I couldn't remember that song's title.
All the drowsy recuperation in my brain burned off like morning mist.
In Sendai, we have a lot of rain in July.
In Sendai, we have lots of rain in July.
It's cheaper to order things by the dozen.
It's cheaper if you order these by the dozen.
Which reminds me, it's been more than years since that incident.
Tell me where you've been.
It's not clear when he came here.
It's said that he knows the secret.
They say that he knows the secret.
It isn't easy to understand his ideas.
It's not easy to understand his ideas.
It's difficult to understand his ideas.
It's hard to understand his ideas.
Compared to you, I'm just a beginner at this game.
Compared to you, I'm only a beginner at this game.
Since it was so hot, we went swimming.
We'll be starting college next year.
I didn't even receive one letter from her.
I didn't even get one letter from her.
I didn't get even one letter from her.
That chicken hasn't laid any eggs lately.
That chicken hasn't laid any eggs recently.
The vase that he broke is my aunt's.
Schools are closed.
There's hardly any water in the bucket.
I fell asleep while reading a book.
Act like a man.
You said she was kind and she certainly is, isn't she?
You told us she was kind and she really is.
You should be careful not to become overconfident.
I've wanted to meet him for a long time.
His rudeness made me angry.
You can trust him. He'll never betray you.
Tom smokes like a chimney.
My sister will get married early next year.
Please tell me where I can read a book.
She changed her schedule to match his.
He had reckoned without his host.
The ticket is good for three days.
Their lifestyle is different from ours.
I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of America, and to the republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all.
I'm going to Mainz and then to Cologne next year.
I was your age.
I heard various opinions.
With these stupid attitudes, Maria only proves her own arrogance.
With these stupid attitudes, Maria doesn't do more than proving her own arrogance.
I can be your best friend or your worst enemy.
Let's mosey on down to the river.
You should not name your baby Barack. Every Tom, Dick and Harry is named Barack.
Why can't I remember the name of the girl I'm trying to forget?
No, Private Jackson, in this army we don't allow unlisted serial numbers.
If you can't get a lawyer who knows the law, get one who knows the judge.
When Aunt Mary passed away without making a will, her death was a total loss.
I'm a bit drunk. I think I should stop drinking now.
I don't remember having heard of her.
She went upstairs.
I have the right to say what I think.
Let's go straight to the beach.
We took her straight to the clinic as soon as she fainted.
How much is four times six?
I don't sleep anymore.
We are not the only ones who believe that he is not guilty.
We are not the only ones to believe that he is not guilty.
We are not the only ones who believe that he is innocent.
Look, he's coming.
You really suck.
John Locke, the well-known philosopher of freedom, was a shareholder of the Royal African Company, which bought and sold slaves.
Your best teacher is your last mistake.
She's good in bed.
There is a lot of furniture in this room.
We can't live on 150,yen a month.
We all want to be happy.
We were totally exhausted from the five-hour trip.
We were completely exhausted from the five-hour trip.
We were very tired from the five-hour trip.
We were dead tired from the five-hour trip.
I love my friends.
I don't plan to hang out tonight. I need to prepare for my lessons.
Philanthropy is commendable, but it must not cause the philanthropist to overlook the circumstances of economic injustice which make philanthropy necessary.
I want to join you for bouldering tomorrow.
This is crazy.
That is insane.
He wasn't stupid enough to talk about that while she was around.
He wasn't so stupid that he talked about that in her presence.
He wasn't foolish enough to tell that story around her.
We are collecting sentences and their translations into other languages.
We found out that what he said wasn't true.
You can't imagine how happy she was.
You can't make bricks without straw.
Bricks can't be made without straw.
You can't prevent him from drinking.
I was very tired so I went to bed early.
No country can match France's good quality wine.
When it comes to good quality wine, no country can rival France.
That's his private website.
We are collecting sentences and their translations in other languages.
We translate sentences into other languages.
The lights turned off.
How long have you been teaching Spanish?
Coca-Cola invented Fanta, in the middle of the Second World War, for the German market.
Who invented the piano?
Chicken Tikka Massala is now a true British national dish, not only because it is the most popular, but because it is a perfect illustration of the way Britain absorbs and adapts external influences. Chicken Tikka is an Indian dish. The Massala sauce was added to satisfy the desire of British people to have their meat served in gravy.
Which did you eat, fish or meat?
A GPS device can pinpoint your location anywhere in the world.
He spoke with a typical Texan drawl.
I'll be back before you know it.
If you tell a lie enough times, you begin to believe it.
He was spreading mulch in the flower beds.
I wish we could have met under better circumstances.
These items must be returned to their rightful owner.
Rigor mortis sets in soon after death.
These dastardly acts will not go unpunished.
Her life has all the trappings of privilege.
He struck up friendships with the most unlikely people.
If the spaghetti sticks when you throw it against the wall, it's done.
Wealthy older men often marry younger trophy wives.
They arrived late because of the storm.
I don't like this shirt. Show me another one.
I don't like this shirt. Please show me another one.
Why don't you go home?
It's a very sad story.
Do you go running every day?
I don't like traveling all that much.
I won't be here tomorrow.
My life is empty without him.
I have no idea who she is.
Japan is in Asia.
She needed the entire afternoon to complete the work.
I think the jokes that Tom tells are funnier than the ones Mary tells.
My dog is on heat.
My dog is pregnant.
I dyed my hair red.
I dyed my hair blonde.
The drivers are at the starting line and raring to go!
My brother is a freshman.
She likes swimming in summer.
I'm not allowed to drink alcohol.
One shouldn't wonder about that as that was to be expected.
My wife wants to adopt a child.
Can you teach me English?
Will you watch the Super Bowl?
Tom will watch the Super Bowl with Mary.
Who will win the XLVI Superbowl? The Giants or the Patriots?
Who will win the XLVI Superbowl? The New York Giants or the New England Patriots?
The building burst into flames.
It's better than the movie.
There's a big hole.
Tom is a badass.
Tom is very excited.
Tom is a golden boy.
That's completely verboten.
Tom is a voyeur.
Tom is a Peeping Tom.
The weather is fine today!
Little Zhang is a good guy!
Don't let this opportunity slip away!
Don't miss the train this afternoon!
French poet, Alcanter de Brahm, proposed the irony mark (؟) towards the end of the 19th century to indicate a sentence which should be understood as ironic or sarcastic.
When people use the word "ironic", they may mean "comically incongruous".
The telephone rang a few minutes later.
He'll run out of luck sooner or later.
Evildoers always think the worst of others.
Call a spade a spade.
He arse-licks his boss.
He sucks up to his boss.
I envy her.
He asked me whether I had slept well last night.
Where is this guy going?
The boy is nice.
Until 1986, in the schools of England, it was legal to punish children with belts, sticks, and clubs.
To philosophise is to learn how to die.
Today is Friday, yesterday was Thursday, tomorrow is Saturday and then comes Sunday.
In 1493, the Vatican gave America to Spain and granted Africa to Portugal, "so that barbarous nations be reduced to the Catholic faith".
Speaking of genocide, today is Columbus Day.
I don't understand how he can speak with a cigarette in his mouth.
The first drink is on me!
That's the bare minimum.
Tom is a legend.
Tom is legendary.
Tom is a realtor.
Tom doesn't have flood insurance.
Your ticket, please.
I have a weak bladder.
Tom still calls French fries Freedom fries.
Tom's house was destroyed by a hurricane.
Tom's house was destroyed by a tornado.
Don't eat the yellow snow.
Tom had a splenectomy.
Tom's best friend is a mouse named Jerry.
What gives?
When he was 15, he ran away from home.
Tom has lost his mind.
Thanks for listening.
He carved a Buddha statue from wood.
Mary is not a huge football fan.
Not so fast, young lady!
The money disappeared.
No one in their right mind would do this.
Tomorrow, I will eat strawberry cake and pizza with my boyfriend.
A biodiversity sanctuary in Brazil called The Pantanal is threatened by deforestation.
This is a picture of the first house we lived in.
Snow prevented the transport in high places of the country.
I ran in order to make it on time.
I'll miss her forever.
Ali learnt the Persian language in order to be able to read the original text of the Mathnawi of Jalaluddin Rumi.
The world lost its best person today.
Her father warned her: "Don't speak to him".
He wants to apply for JSA.
He wants to apply for Jobseeker's Allowance.
Unity is better than money.
The festival sold out within two hours.
Why do the largest banks need the biggest bailout?
I hope you are not thinking it is my fault.
Tom is the leader.
The Belo Monte dam in Brazil is a controversial project because of its impact on the environment and native people.
School begins on the eighth of April.
School begins on the April 8th.
I don't know how he can speak without taking the cigarette out of his mouth.
I didn't tell you anything.
Who told you I was talking about you?
I go right home after work.
I go home right after work.
Your room number, please.
May I have your room number?
Could you please tell me your room number?
The professor calmly washed his hands.
He doesn't need to get up so early.
My mother's bad mood is transient.
Hello, I am Bashir.
I know that you can understand me!
I fell in love at the first glance.
Judging from what everyone says, it's the truth.
He has run out of energy.
I finished the job yesterday.
My father had me wash the car.
My father got me to wash the car.
In the summer, it's very humid.
It is very hot here in the summer.
I've scolded him many times.
Two standard dice have a total of pips.
Craps is a game of chance played with dice.
Many games use dice as a random number generator.
Boggle is a game that uses dice with letters instead of numbers.
Dice have differences in design in different cultures.
Some games use a die numbered up to 100.
The drunken men made derogatory remarks toward the women in the club.
Tom has a high threshold for pain.
Vampires cannot cross the threshold of a house without having been invited.
The threshold of a door is akin to the sill of a window, but it is exactly the same as the sill of a door.
He is one of the most hilarious comedians.
Vulgarity can be a source of hilarity.
Breathing is an involuntary bodily process.
Tom was involuntarily conscripted into the military.
Insurance protects against unforeseen predicaments.
Due to unforeseen circumstances, our trip to the mountains this weekend will be cancelled.
After receiving a hefty blow to the head, the man spoke only gibberish.
The man ran into the room wearing a boot on his head, shouted a bunch of gibberish, and promptly exited.
Many revolutionaries have been beheaded at the axe of a guillotine.
Antoine Louis invented the guillotine, which was, however, named after Dr. Joseph-Ignace Guillotin.
The production was believed to be jinxed as every actor playing the lead role has fallen ill.
The term "Siamese twins" comes from two conjoined twins from Siam who travelled with P.T. Barnum's circus.
Siamese cats are known to be extroverts.
Only the most impeccable dishes are served to the royal family.
A rogue asteroid from the Kuiper Belt is on a collision course with the Earth.
I'm so excited I can hardly wait!
There isn't anything mankind can do about it.
The marmot is immortal.
I've missed another chance.
Muiriel has turned twenty.
Tom never admits he's wrong even when he knows he is.
Tom has trouble admitting that he's wrong.
Traveling is easy these days.
I went to China two years ago.
We'd better cancel the hike.
We learn a lot from experience.
All of us students like baseball.
Since I got married, I've quit working.
You should have a doctor look at that.
Your new client has just sent you a message.
Did you receive the message I sent you yesterday?
What a strange message! There is no sender and no recipients either.
Your birthday is coming soon.
He has sent you a new message.
The message you sent this morning hasn't been received yet.
Close the window before you leave.
I asked my boss for a pay raise.
I explained the procedures to him.
I explained the procedure to him.
I've seen a lot of him recently.
Tom bought a gift for Mary.
My cat had a fight with another cat.
This house is haunted.
The cowboy quickly jumped out the window.
When do you go on holiday?
When do you go on vacation?
Russia is big.
In those days, I played tennis with Jeanette every day.
Mr. Hashimoto started the engine.
Why did you become a teacher?
I don't understand what he wants.
What should I do in order to save time?
What should I do to save time?
What should I do in order to spare time?
It was already very late.
"I love you" is the title of the majority of songs that anybody sings in their life.
I've got used to going to bed early.
We should settle things once and for all.
I am working full-time at a bookshop until the end of September.
Do you happen to know any Professor Braun?
He got off because of the statute of limitations.
Books are my best friends.
I have taken food.
There are two types of people: those who know how to write "Libya", and those who don't know that.
Voilà! Case resolved!
That is a brilliant idea that will enable us to dedicate our undivided attention to the work again.
Red is better.
This artist died young.
I'll now watch the news on TV.
Molière was born in 1622.
Candidness and transparency, information and communication are the basis of mutual trust.
Is your father in the garden?
The days are longer than the nights.
What do carpenters eat?
Kiev is Ukraine's capital city.
People from Santiago aren't as kind as the rest of the Chileans.
One minute has sixty seconds.
People from Santiago are not as pleasant as the rest of the Chileans.
It is known that Siamese cats are extrovert.
We must follow the rules.
We must obey the rules.
We have to obey the rules.
We have to follow the regulations.
We must follow the regulations.
Please don't make so much noise. I'm trying to study.
Have you seen the new science fiction movie from Steven Spielberg?
My hobby is languages.
You don't have to feel bad for that.
Is this even real?
His book inspired me.
Where have you been yesterday?
The frogman jumped into the canal.
The banshee let out a blood-curdling scream.
Tom is working on a conlang.
I'm poor, and I can't buy it.
I wish I was like him.
Only time will give the answer.
You did not answer my question.
You know I love you!
Are you coming?
Last year is gone already.
You are always welcome.
He got up and left in the middle of the discussion.
Living in Japan is very expensive.
Lake Titicaca, the biggest lake in South America, is in Peru.
I don't believe you. You're always lying.
At first, I thought I was sick.
At first, I thought he was sick.
At first, I thought she was sick.
Some say he lost, others say he won, but that's not the point.
The rose is pink.
Linux Deepin is another wonderful Linux distribution.
I've been a teacher for two years.
Did you taste the rice?
You just had a holiday.
They chose him as their representative.
It's expensive to modernize a city.
Father, where are you?
The house fell down a week later.
The bus went over the cliff.
I was in the hospital a few days ago.
In case of a fire, use the stairs.
Mr. Smith studied Chinese history.
There was a lot of food in the house.
There was lots of food in the house.
The king has reigned over the country for many years.
How are you going?
I heard John speak to Mr. Brown.
It was Mr. White that gave Joe this ticket.
Is Mr. Schmidt at home now?
This is the letter written by Mr. Brown.
This movie is a tour de force.
He has a lot of money, but has almost no friends.
I'll have her come here.
I'll get her to come here.
Each person paid $7,000.
Why did he come here?
Please let me drive your new Toyota.
Please let me drive your new Toyota, too.
What am I supposed to do with that?
In the summer, we enjoy outdoor sports.
She got married at seventeen.
I'll go to France to study painting.
The roof leaks every time it rains.
I'm not as intelligent as he is.
I'm not as intelligent as him.
Mrs. Ogawa is really good at tennis.
I want to go to Hawaii next spring.
I lost my children in the crowd that awaited the last ship for freedom.
I just like singing!
I'll stay here until you return.
His face is his fortune.
Say something about this.
What's the best way to stop your children becoming atheists?
Mary's favorite movie is The Princess Bride.
Tom's favorite movie is Dumbo.
Hurry up and go to bed.
The mall is deserted.
Tom often goes there to play chess.
Call the manager.
Get back to work.
Mary has a tramp stamp.
Mary has a lower back tattoo.
The world's first parking meter was installed in Oklahoma City in 1935.
Let's wait here.
Tom was promoted to foreman.
Mary slapped me.
Tom is having lunch with the police chief.
We don't know much about him.
This is the HD version.
Tom has a Blu-ray player.
Tom uses his Playstation as a Blu-ray player.
This TV supports 1080p.
Mary saw Tom exiting the hotel with Conchita.
He's very interested in Japanese.
Tom has a cleft lip.
Don't be so careless!
Many people envy Tom's success.
Keep an eye on him.
The Seattle-based outfit plays indie rock and electronic music.
In the summer, people go to the beach.
Mary took the "morning after" pill.
Mary is sexually active.
I've only used it once.
Tom has disappeared.
Tom has gambling debts.
This isn't blood. It's just red paint.
Mr. Smith is an acquaintance of hers.
Tom avenged Mary's death.
Night is when most people sleep.
Mary has huge tits.
My mom told me not to get into trouble.
Tom's in the construction business.
Once you cross the river, you'll be safe.
Tom freed the bird.
Ouch! My finger got caught in the door.
Tom passed away recently.
They want me to sell the restaurant.
Tom is a thug.
Look on me, and do likewise.
Tiberio took a stroll on the beach.
I wrote a thousand sentences!
I can't play the electric guitar.
I am confused.
He says he met my father.
Victory is possible, though unlikely.
I bought the black bike instead of the red one.
I do all the work.
I did all the work.
The ice will crack under your weight.
As heavy as you are, the ice will break.
The children have gone to school already.
Smoke poured out of the chimney.
I suspect that Tom did that just to get some attention.
I suspect that Tom doesn't do his homework by himself.
I suspect that Tom is in love with Mary.
I know that it's highly unlikely that I'll be able to convince you that you're wrong.
We camped on the side of the lake.
My hobby is weight lifting.
It's always good to have several irons in the fire.
When you think about it for a minute.
When you think about it that doesn't make a whole lot of sense.
Do you want to eat noodles or rice? Do you want to drink fruit juice or coffee?
Look at how long they are!
He is saving money in order to go to university.
Nobody can live to be two hundred years old.
His new novel has become a best-seller.
And now what would you like to do?
This is a lemon tree.
There are many shantytowns in Mexico.
What promotions do you have?
My mother made me a coffee and then went out in time to catch the bus.
Do you know of any cheap shops?
I went on holiday abroad.
What would you do if this guy passed you on the street?
He was sitting beside his brother.
He was sitting side by side with his brother.
It satisfies every time.
I've not seen him often at school.
I've not seen her often at school.
Many people are alive because it's illegal to shoot them.
You should be studying.
To cross the river, you can use a boat or the bridge.
Allan is a poet.
I suggest we stay home and watch television.
There are only a few mistakes, or perhaps none at all.
Do you know how to solve this mystery?
Are you going to come visit me?
The frequency of earthquakes lately is worrying.
She put me in a delicate situation.
This glass of beer is almost bigger than you.
It's a common vice.
It's a vice.
If you had called me, I would have come to help you.
She read the poem out loud.
What kind of vapid comments will I get on this sentence?
In the countryside, everybody used to breed chicken and rabbits.
I just don't know how I will be able to meet all my deadlines!
I can't drink coffee without sugar.
An old friend came to my house for a visit.
Don't say anything to anybody.
We haven't seen him since that time.
We haven't seen him since then.
I haven't seen him since that time.
I haven't heard from her since then.
We haven't heard from her since then.
Those hens lay eggs almost every day.
Who did you vote for and where do you live?
If you may come to our house for Christmas ? I don't know, I'll mention it to my wife and I'll tell you.
Almost no girls play video games.
"Do you want to go to the dance with me?" "I'm really sorry, but I can't."
"Do you want to go to the ball with me?" "I'm really sorry, but I can't."
Are you reading "The Count of Monte Cristo"?
Today is a nice day for a picnic, I'll tell you what.
I'll tell you what, if I can get my work done, I'll come out tonight.
I have plans to go to Tokyo tomorrow.
How many times an hour do the buses here leave?
About how many times an hour do these buses leave?
My older brother is really tall. He's about centimeters.
I can't promise you anything.
The boy carved his name in the tree.
Tony carved his name in a tree with a knife.
This computer is better than that one.
Truer words were never spoken.
There were once upon a time a poor man and a rich woman.
Once upon a time there were a poor man and a rich woman.
There were once a poor man and a rich woman.
I'm looking for a place to sleep.
I can't change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination.
I don't want to do this anymore.
Can you call my mom, please?
He's circling the drain.
I'll stay for three more days.
We yelled at her to be careful.
I go for a run every day.
There are five patients in the waiting room.
When are you planning to get married?
I can't see anything because the whole place is dark.
Yesterday, he told me the truth.
He must not find out the truth.
Please don't forget to write the letter.
My father has recently come back to Japan.
My father has recently returned to Japan.
You should not interrupt when someone is talking to someone else.
I'm not at all hungry.
I'm not even a little hungry.
My father is so busy that he cannot even take a walk.
It is forbidden for you to touch that switch.
Thanks to him giving me a hand, I was able to finish the work.
She has the advantage of beauty.
The eyepatch is annoying; I have no rum, ship, or parrot; and I have not found any hidden treasure or booty yet.
So far, I have found that being a pirate sucks.
The sea after the storm was calm.
He avoided talking about the part which concerned him.
Don't hurt me.
Don't hurt her.
Don't hurt him.
I'm free all afternoon on February 27th.
Whenever I meet her, I get the desire to kiss her.
Have you seen this already?
I want you to be by my side.
I have to go to the toilet.
I must go to the toilet.
They are funny.
Our dog buries bones in the garden.
Our dog buries bones in the yard.
I'm sorry, but could you move over a bit so I have room to sit?
I hate to trouble you, but could you move over a bit so there's room for someone else to sit?
The bank has loaned the company $1,000,000.
The movie wasn't as funny as the book.
The movie wasn't as interesting as the book.
There's lots of rain all year.
There's a lot of rain all the year round.
War is peace. Freedom is slavery. Ignorance is strength.
I'll miss you after you've gone.
After you leave, we'll be very sad.
It'll be really lonely without you.
We should leave here as soon as possible.
We should get away from here as quickly as we can.
Well, at least let me set the table.
At least let me help set the table.
You can't pull the wool over my eyes.
Are you going to the tennis court?
Cats have pointed ears.
Who do you want to pass this good news along to?
This sentence is very easy to translate.
Could you put this bag somewhere else?
Pierre dealt cards to all the players.
Did you feel the earthquake last night?
There's too much sugar in the coffee.
I bought two pairs of pants.
I'm coming in July.
During the winter, I sleep with two quilts.
My boycott of Italian television starts now.
Today I decided to learn Esperanto.
It's me, open the door.
My father lives in a squat.
There is also quite some activity here behind the scenes.
If I'm late, I'll be scolded.
Is Mr. Nakamura at home?
An old man entered the old church with his elder son, his younger daughter and her little baby.
When did Mr. Suzuki leave Japan?
Mr. Suzuki is a great scientist.
That's the spirit, Mr. Suzuki.
Ping pong is also called table tennis.
John might know something about Mr. Black.
I was late because I was sure that the lessons started later.
I have a question for the experts on Dostoyevsky's work.
Today's low was degrees Celsius.
It's no use waiting for him to come.
My father gestured with his hand for me to leave the room.
My mother was busy cooking dinner.
Don't change horses in midstream.
At the most, the trip will cost $1,000.
One of my parents has to go to the meeting.
Good words are worth a lot, but cost almost nothing.
She keeps complaining that she has no time.
She keeps complaining that she doesn't have time.
Since I'd never met her before, I didn't know her.
Most of, if not all, electronic and mechanical devices on airplanes are redundant in order to prevent failures.
All the hopes of the Belarusian people are set exclusively on the first President of the Republic of Belarus, Alexander Lukashenko, and his son Kolya.
If it snows a lot tomorrow, let's make a snowman.
No matter what I do, she says I can do better.
Foreigners are interesting, aren't they?
Many things have changed in the last five years.
She was born in America.
At a young age, I had to learn to fend for myself.
I can attest to everything she just said.
What kind of deodorant do you prefer, spray or roll-on?
The back wheels on that tractor have ball bearings the size of my fist.
The marauders laid waste to the town and surrounding villages.
I hope that my car doesn't break down, and that I arrive at your place on time.
Not so fast!
Breathing is generally overrated.
He comes from Wales.
The Irishman blinked.
I'm glad that you have a boyfriend.
I was not aware of this.
The electricity has been off since this morning.
The power has been off since this morning.
He'll almost certainly telephone tonight.
We'll get a phone call from him tonight for sure.
Tom doesn't trust the police.
Mary is a police officer.
I'm glad that I'm not paying.
It started raining as soon as we got home.
Doctor, I have memory problems.
Tom and Mary are very hungry.
There could be a kernel of truth behind this legend.
Mary and Tom came to wave us good-bye at the train station.
Mary and her family came to the railway station to see us off.
Mary and her family came to the railroad station to see us off.
Mary and her family came to the train station to see us off.
Tom and Mary joined the navy.
I'm having a bad feeling.
I have a bad feeling.
It's sad to see Mary so unhappy.
I feel sorry for Tom.
Tom likes to listen to music from the eighties.
Tom is wearing a mask.
Mary almost beat Tom to death.
There's what I really wanted to see!
This is a Betamax cassette.
What you have is a common cold, not the flu.
Even after all my objections, she went home.
Even after all my objections, she rode home.
Indicate the correct option.
Mark the correct option.
After washing the dishes, I rinse them.
Don't leave them alone.
That book has a bunch of pages.
He gave me bread and milk.
Karl Valentin was a philosopher.
Did you read the book I gave you?
We celebrated Christmas with a familial lunch.
I love her, but she says ours is just friendship.
My sister is subscriber of a fashion magazine.
We are looking for theories with scientific grounds.
I have lots of friends I can talk things over with.
I have a lot of friends I can discuss things with.
Barely a third of the population in this country have access to the Internet.
She loves cake.
She likes cake a whole lot.
He doesn't love me anymore.
Last night, I dreamed about you.
Tom gave me a couple of slices of toast and a glass of milk.
We all live in the same dormitory.
We all live in the same neighborhood.
We all live within a five minutes' walk from each other.
All of us live in the same neighborhood.
All of us live in the same dorm.
My wife told me to throw this old hat away.
I was very disappointed when I heard the news.
Are Protestants tired of the Bible?
This is the cutest puppy I've ever seen.
Alain made a decision.
No one knows what'll happen in the future.
I was just about to go to bed when he phoned me.
I got a phone call from him just as I was about to go to bed.
In Japan, the new school year begins in April.
I usually ride my bike on weekends.
You're such a tattletale.
Come inside. It's cold outside.
They talked from until 10.
He is precisely the man we're looking for.
An egg is a cell.
My grandfather has retired because he's grown old.
You can't win an argument with an idiot.
We're lucky that the weather is so nice.
The sun set, so they quit work.
The sun went down, so they quit working.
Since the sun had set, we all headed home.
Not only does he speak French, he can also speak English.
Wang Xiaoming speaks English, but doesn't have a lot of English books.
The boy came back.
If you are one of those who love to translate, Tatoeba is the right place for you.
I read the Bible in order to learn Esperanto.
Paul came to Rome to greet me.
The boy lost his ear in a street fight.
Maybe we can talk.
We fix all kinds of clocks here.
We are forty kilometers away from the capital city.
They are still looking for the criminal.
If you didn't exist, you would have to be invented.
The island is a tiny piece of land in the middle of the Atlantic.
The living beings of the past were very different from those of today.
It is possible to determine a rock's age thanks to radioactive elements.
She twisted her ankle while she was doing exercise.
You're too young to have alcohol.
If I were you, I would also do the same.
In India many girls are named "Nakusa" or "Nakushi", which in Hindi means "unwanted".
To hear him talk, you might think he's a girl.
A man as diligent as he is, is sure to succeed.
In spite of the fact that he's 38, he's still dependent on his parents.
Even though he's 38, he's still dependent on his parents.
I heard that he passed the exam.
Her older brother is two years older than I.
Do you like the frame on this painting?
Most of them were college students.
Most of them were university students.
When she entered the kitchen, no one was there.
She went into the kitchen to see who was there, but there was nobody there.
There are still uncivilized lands.
They go to church on Sundays.
Women's faces are often more beautiful when they take their clothes off, for they then stop thinking about their external appearance.
The teacher, without hearing the bell, didn't stop talking.
The girl answered: "Yes, auntie, I'll eat them both."
Do people ever pick your brains?
Politics is dirty.
She spends most of her money on clothes.
Except for the storm, I would have arrived earlier.
Even smart people are sometimes absent-minded.
Even intelligent people are sometimes absent-minded.
My parents told me we should respect the elderly.
This saying suddenly became popular.
Good quality fruit is scarce in the winter and it costs a lot.
Press the green button. If you do so, the light will go on.
Push the green button and the light will go on.
There's a meeting going on in the next room.
Will it be love?
Which are the favorite questions?
How is the exam?
This saying became popular overnight.
How's the exam?
Please feel free to eat anything in the fridge.
Please feel free to help yourself to anything in the fridge.
Mr. Suzuki was giving a speech that afternoon.
Every day I come to university by bus.
I heard that there was a strange virus in circulation.
The train left at exactly five o'clock.
A child is afraid of the dark.
The child is afraid of the dark.
What do you want to do to her?
I'm interested in why bears are important to Lojbanists.
Apart from some fruit, he hasn't eaten anything.
I want to clean the house before my parents come.
The cow moos, the rooster crows, the pig oinks, the duck quacks, and the cat meows.
I'm already able to write Chinese characters.
I am already able to write Chinese characters.
We would have been more careful.
This land belongs to Mr. Ikeda.
What was the last concert you went to?
If your schedule permits, let's tentatively plan on meeting tomorrow at 2:pm.
Mary lied about her age.
Tom can bench press pounds. Or is that pounds?
Unemployment is rising.
Did Mary really die? Or is that a rumor?
Tom is a plastic surgeon.
"You broke my heart", said Mary.
It's very easy to become a member in this library.
Is that for sale?
Tom takes steroids.
Many stars shine in the heavens.
The so-called expert was just bulging with misinformation about the new product.
Sperm bank regulations restrict a given donor to making sperm donations at only one facility and restrict the number of children that each donor can "father".
Sperm banks perform screenings on the donors to reduce the chance of their passing on genetic and infectious diseases.
At sperm banks, women seeking insemination can choose their donor based on age, height, weight and other physical features, or even by donor's country of origin and astrological sign.
The recent "Newton Project" digitized all of his manuscripts, so it is now possible to read what he wrote in his own handwriting.
Contrary to Newton's public image, most of his work was not devoted to science but rather to theology, mysticism and alchemy.
The "Newton Project" collection contains maps that Newton drafted about mythical events of the end of days.
I have to choose between these two.
I have to choose between the two.
I stay with you.
The Prime Minister tried to convince his coalition partners to overhaul pensions.
They yomped through the mountains.
We didn't know which bus we should take.
The train was going miles per hour.
The train was moving at miles per hour.
This is my page on Facebook.
I sing Gypsy songs.
We'd love to perform at your conference.
The stone has a soul since it moves iron.
Please change the sentence.
Magnetism is the science of the properties of magnets.
Sparta always leaned toward war, Athens, toward politics.
I leaned to see if there was water and fell down the well.
Vegetables slowly lean towards the light.
Tom will twist the truth and distort reality in order to achieve his goals.
We are committed to our country's welfare.
Tom was the victim of an extortion attempt.
No matter how hard the training was, she never cried.
The hallway is slippery, so watch your step.
The President proposed a new plan.
Old people aren't always wiser than young people.
There's nothing I like as much as the smell of roses.
I made up my mind to do the work no matter how hard it might be.
I'd like to drive across the USA in a convertible.
Could you please show me a camera that's cheaper than this one?
Would you please show me a camera that is less expensive than this one?
One out of three people in this city owns a car.
When making a cake, you must use eggs, butter and sugar.
Our class reunion brought back old memories of when we were students.
It doesn't matter where you go in Holland, you'll see windmills.
No matter where you go in Holland, you'll see windmills.
Grandpa fell down the stairs and was seriously injured.
Don't be discouraged just because you're not all that talented.
It was Mr. Smith that taught me how to use that machine.
What would you do if you had ten thousand dollars?
I was about to leave my house when she called.
When I was about to leave my house, I got a phone call from her.
We talked in low voices so we wouldn't wake the baby.
We talked quietly so we wouldn't wake the baby.
We had a long discussion about what to do about it.
We were caught in a shower on our way home from school.
For me, there is nothing more fun to do than to talk with him.
There's nothing more fun for me to do than to talk with him.
My uncle went to Mexico in and never came back.
My uncle went to Mexico in and never returned.
I won't stop doing it!
What's your new telephone number?
I have to memorize a lot of passwords.
I have a lot of passwords to remember.
You arrived too early.
Make yourself a cup of hot tea.
Yesterday we went to the cinema.
Yesterday we went to the movies.
Who should I be more annoyed with?
Charge your phone.
They are yellow.
Who are you insured through?
He doesn't drink enough breast milk.
Drunk people are so entertaining.
Where programmers use semi-colons every day, the majority of people only use them in emoticons.
Papa made sure all the lights were turned off before going to bed.
You'll have three relationships before you meet your true soulmate.
We heard a noise in the bedroom.
I like having breakfast with you.
Could you send it by email?
My mother is, without a doubt, the most important.
As soon as they have collected the necessary funds, they can restart their project.
Last night, I went to sleep in London.
Can you walk on stilts?
"Arbeit macht frei", meaning "Work sets you free", is a slogan placed, during the Holocaust, over the entrance to the Auschwitz extermination camp.
Copyright tip #1: Copyright protects the particular way authors have expressed themselves. It does not extend to any ideas, systems, or factual information conveyed in a work.
Copyright tip #2: The US copyright law lists purposes for which reproduction of a particular work may be considered fair - purposes like criticism, comment, news reporting, teaching and research.
Copyright tip #3: The US copyright law lists factors to be considered in determining whether or not a particular use is fair: 1) Commercial or nonprofit purpose; 2) The amount of work used; 3) The effect of use on the potential market.
Copyright tip #4: The safest course is always to get permission from the copyright owner. Acknowledging the source of the copyrighted material does not substitute for obtaining permission.
Copyright tip #5: The distinction between fair use and infringement may be unclear. Don't take any risk, consult an attorney.
Don't tell me fairy stories!
Fairy tales usually start with “once upon a time...” and end with “...and they lived happily ever after”.
Fairy tales usually begin with the sentence "Once upon a time" and end with "...and if they didn't die, then they still live today."
Both my father and my brother like gambling.
Please keep me informed about whatever happens in my absence.
I'll have to take over my father's business in the future.
I don't remember my grandmother's face exactly.
I was humiliated in public.
It doesn't matter whether I'm sleeping or awake, I'm always thinking about you.
The people of the village built a wooden bridge across the river.
Red meats are proteic foods.
A truck knocked over a light pole and a traffic light.
I already begun.
"Where are the books?" "They're on the desk."
She prated on and on about how ugly her split ends made her look.
Come enjoy the snow with me!
We are sorry for his wife!
We accepted him with our arms open wide.
The funeral parlor is next to the cemetery.
I feel your disgust on that one.
Please tell me how I can get in touch with her.
Thanks again for rescuing me, again.
You will miss me.
If he doesn't accept the job, someone else will.
If he doesn't accept the job, somebody else will.
You should do what I suggest.
You'd better do what I suggest.
I thought it was unusual that he was up so late at night.
I've never heard him complaining about his meals.
If it hadn't been for his help, I'd have failed.
His rude reply provoked her to slap his face.
Because of his impolite reply, she got angry and slapped his face.
In addition to being a doctor, he was a very famous novelist.
Not only was he a doctor, he was also a very famous novelist.
His mother said that he had been sick in bed for five weeks.
She swindled him.
He swindled him.
He just won't listen. Talking to him is like talking to a brick wall.
By the time you get out of prison, she'll be married.
In her notebook, she drew a copy of the picture that was in the book.
My husband reads the newspaper while eating breakfast.
After the operation I was happy, since I managed to eliminate the cancer.
If you get up early tomorrow, you can see the rising sun.
We plan to have a party for Mr. Oka next Sunday.
Because of the storm, the ship couldn't leave port.
We had to stay home because of the storm.
Because of the storm, we had no choice but to stay at home.
Seen from a distance, that rock looks like a human face.
I don't wash my hair in the morning.
I don't have money to buy a dictionary.
I am very sad today.
I'm looking forward to receiving a favorable answer from you.
I went there early to get a good seat.
I went there early so I could get a good seat.
I came early so I could get a good seat.
Even though he lives next door, he doesn't even say hello to us.
When I opened the refrigerator, I noticed the meat had spoiled.
Did you know that?
It's only four minutes from here by train.
What else would you like to know?
The train was delayed for two hours because of the heavy snow.
The train was late because of an accident.
The train was delayed because of an accident.
As soon as he got off the train, he was met by his cousin.
The pain you go through because of love is by far sweeter than any other pleasure.
The pain caused by love is much sweeter than any pleasure.
Love is like the measles. We all have to go through it.
The couple carved their initials into the oak tree.
The couple carved their initials in an oak tree.
The couples carved their initials in oak trees.
The rooftop is durable and watertight.
It's been a long time since we've had such nice weather.
The lunch she brought to me was as delicious as I'd heard people say it would be.
You're preaching to the choir.
He went ten kilometers.
That's a rarity, however.
It started raining hard. Because of that, we played inside.
Because it started raining hard, we played indoors.
Artificial light is produced by electricity.
Since she doesn't want to put on any more weight, she doesn't eat cake.
She doesn't eat cake because she doesn't want to put on any more weight.
Paul is such a nice guy that everyone immediately likes him.
Is there any chance that Mr. Black will agree to the plan?
Most students are preparing for the final exams.
This is a proverb that I don't understand.
For one thing I don't have any money; for another, I don't have the time.
In the 19th century, the number of immigrants increased rapidly.
In the 19th century, the number of immigrants grew rapidly.
Japan has been sending athletes to the Olympics since 1912.
He whispered to me that he was hungry.
It will be scary.
He said he was already more than fifty years old, fifty five, to be precise.
The kids will love this video.
I left the country.
Can I come?
"Arbeit macht frei", meaning "Work sets you free", is a slogan posted during the Holocaust on the entrance to the Dachau extermination camp.
"Arbeit macht frei", meaning "Work sets you free", is a slogan posted during the Holocaust over the entrance to the Auschwitz extermination camp.
It's a quote from a book.
It's a quote from the book.
What can I say about him?
Pick one up while you can.
You are not the only one who is dead.
I'm used to eating alone.
I'm used to being ignored by my parents.
I'm used to living alone.
I'm used to sleeping in a tent.
Pets are a privilege, not a right!
Mine was a lie.
You should come, too.
Being a philologist, studying languages was necessary for his work.
I'll pop in tomorrow morning.
Starting next week, I'll be on the late shift.
Starting next week, I'll be working the late shift.
I hate snow and the carnival.
I've just published a new post on my blog.
These are the last tears.
I fell in love with a woman.
He writes articles for the local newspaper.
Reading is my passion.
Yesterday I spent the night in jail.
I love Alex Marcelo.
In which direction will Syria develop after the regime change?
The pride of New York are its museums.
Health is a treasure, the value of which is known only to the sick.
Health is not valued till sickness comes.
The scientist participated in developing high-voltage switches, a key component crucial for setting off explosions needed to trigger nuclear warhead.
The Nobel Foundation manages the assets, made available through the will, for the awarding of the Nobel Prize in Physics, Chemistry, Physiology or Medicine, Literature, and Peace.
Hillary and Tenzing became, in 1955, the first to reach the summit of Mount Everest on the Nepal-Tibet border.
This sounds totally legit.
Even if I use both hands, I can't crack an egg without breaking the yolk.
The French president is scheduled to visit Japan next month.
My parents gave me a house when we got married.
There's not enough space here for people.
You should go to school.
The tank is full.
He will be very busy next month.
For dessert, Tom ordered chocolate parfait with vanilla ice cream.
If I have time, I'll do it.
What is your favorite prayer?
My sister is a twenty-one years old college student.
I'd like three lumps of sugar in the milk.
Faith works miracles!
I would have been surprised if the translation had been "I hate... " :)
The doctor receives his patients between 3:p.m. and 6:p.m.
He doesn't know what he's talking about.
She doesn't know what she's talking about.
If I had only known before!
He's a bad loser.
She's a bad loser.
The Dead Sea is a salt lake with the most saline water on earth.
The surface of the Dead Sea is about meters below sea level, earth's lowest elevation on land.
The Jordan River is the only river flowing into the Dead Sea.
I feel old.
Smoking may be lethal.
Smoking may be fatal.
Smoking may be deadly.
Which of these items do you see on your desk?
Which of these items do you have on your desk?
The conference ended two hours ago.
What I feel cannot be described with words.
You are entirely correct.
The price of a litre of petrol has been increased by rupees.
Do you have a shoe box where I can put these things?
We'll talk about that later.
What a boring film! Nothing ever happens!
After long thinking, she bought the house.
They say this fruit is good for your health.
"Is he lying?" "Obviously."
You need some cough syrup and aspirin.
This town is so small that you can easily learn everyone's names.
As you wake up, I won't be here anymore.
By the time I woke up, it was late already.
I don't get along with him.
Both the proof and solution are trivial.
I stay home alone while my parents are at work.
The boy knocked the glass over.
I have two children.
Look for the woman!
He was standing very close to me. It was disturbing.
That problem is not avoidable.
Why couldn't you come yesterday?
I will be right back!
Potatoes are cockroaches.
You have a beautiful name.
I would like to invite you to dinner.
She came here once again.
I sent you an e-mail.
I sent you an email.
This page intentionally left blank.
This page has been intentionally left blank.
If I were rich, I'd give you money.
The misfortune of the ants makes the elephants laugh.
Do not read during the meal.
This tradition arose in China.
I do not know what I will do.
Turkey is a beautiful country.
Come home at six.
They don't have resources.
Don't underestimate the problem.
They can't act.
They cannot act.
His life is a neverending race against time.
Are you saying that for real?
I'm getting used to eating alone.
There's no way I'll continue this conversation.
The kitten wants to sleep.
Everyone of us is responsible for their own conduct.
The French get rewards from the British film industry only when they shut up.
Books are my alternate reality.
This house is too small to live in.
This movie is worth watching.
Which one is mine?
I accept the challenge!
Esperanto will triumph.
My friends are amazing.
You can expect me tomorrow.
It depends on you.
It rained cats and dogs.
We must save electricity.
If you are wrong, then so am I.
Have you ever heard of something similar?
That is a serious oversight.
She spoke loud and clear.
I'm in the middle of a muddle.
I really have a great mess.
You have worked hard to succeed.
Had she known the results, she would have been shocked.
I don't know what I'll do.
From there I continued my way by foot.
He's dieting.
One has to do one's best in everything.
Don't do anything halfway.
Why didn't you tell me in advance?
There are always some chores to be done around the house.
I had barely gotten home when the storm broke out.
Please let me go home.
I tripped over the mat when I came in the house.
The summer had gone before I knew it.
Why do you try to run away?
She is much younger than Tom.
He is very young.
Are you thinking of going to university?
What is inside there?
Don't listen to him. He's just kidding.
We trade cars here.
I'll get my diploma in two years.
There are things you better don't know.
Please find the solution.
In a flat area, what mass of soil should be removed in order to make half a hole?
The socks stink.
Three weeks went by.
Use the video to declare your love!
Have you ever been arrested?
Have any of your friends ever been arrested?
He asked me to read poems.
She asked me to read poems.
Has anyone in your family ever been arrested?
My driver's license expires at the end of this month.
I've just renewed my passport, so it's good for another ten years.
When I filled my tank with gasoline this morning, it cost ¥per liter which is $6.per gallon.
Rupture stress is much higher in the case of metals as it is for plastics.
I am very tired, but well.
There is a dog on the bridge.
I took the elevator down.
It's a good restaurant, but it's quite expensive.
In my city, there is no school for learning Esperanto.
Call a taxi to pick us.
It's more important what you are than what you have.
People used to think the Sun spins around the Earth.
They never returned to their country.
I can speak Spanish.
I'll come to you straight away.
No... I mean, yes.
The watch you gave me is behaving strangely.
She cannot persuade him to buy her a new car.
Around that time I was still doing a number of days overtime.
Until now I've never used an axe.
I almost understood the entire thing!
Complete the sentence.
Put the words in alphabetical order.
It rained.
Don't forget to bring your student ID.
Bring your student ID.
This guy sitting next to me on the train stinks!
That made me laugh.
You will suffer because of that.
You'll suffer because of that.
What language do they speak in the US?
What language is spoken in the USA?
The new phone book is here!
The new phone book has arrived!
I wish you good luck in the exam!
At that moment, everybody was staring at me and putting me under pressure, which just made me even more nervous.
In the meantime, we learnt from our mistakes.
Don't talk to him while he's driving.
Do a lot of people live in your town?
Shall I buy you a ticket for the concert?
They got onto the plane.
He has the same school qualifications as I have.
"I'll bring my dog along, so you can meet him." "What?! Don't you dare bring that animal here!"
You can't shake someone's hand with a clenched fist.
Calm down, and everything will be OK in the end.
The child was asleep in bed.
The little boy was asleep in his bed.
She laid her head on my chest so she could listen to my heartbeat.
The child has already gone to bed.
The boy has already gone to bed.
The kid has already gone to bed.
The weather was streaky.
In the end, Jane didn't buy it.
He skipped a year.
Since there wasn't any more room at the table, I had to eat standing up.
If men knew all that women thought, they'd be a thousand times more daring.
I am disappointed.
It was a beautiful summer, and the sky was always blue.
Would you wait a second?
When he received the letter, he fled to his parents'.
It was not my fault.
I dream of becoming a teacher.
Absolute power corrupts absolutely.
Who watches the watchers?
If we carry on like this, we'll never get married.
What's your favourite TV programme?
Drinking warm milk before going to sleep helps you sleep well.
Yes, it did happen, but not in this year.
He made his intentions clear.
Tears ran down my cheeks.
My favourite word in German is the word for gloves: 'Handschuhe'.
What have I done with my keys?
He lives alone in his flat.
She was very worried about her husband's health.
The Sun is the star that's nearest to Earth.
The lilies of the valley will flower soon.
Hello. How can I help you?
As incredible as it may seem, she ordered a knuckle of ham with sauerkraut.
I hope that this letter finds you in perfect health.
German men go to the hairdresser more often than German women.
There are errors in this phone bill.
The first person to repeat that to my wife, I will strangle. Understood?
He spends in one day the money he has been saving for ten years.
My dad's free on Saturday.
Think about what you have forgotten!
The boy doesn't have very many playmates.
I want to pay it back to you.
One of the two of us has to do it.
Using the horn at night should be avoided. At night, flash the headlights instead.
The boy liked throwing eggs at people from the window of his flat.
You might need the calculator now.
At the party, everybody was well-dressed.
He fell head-first from the roof.
They made up an unlikely story.
"I didn't see that you were online." "Yes, I was in invisible-mode.'
I wanted to go to Belgium again, as long as the country was still there.
I'm sure of it.
But was he sitting next to you on the plane?
The weather here is the same as in France.
Take the table outside, please.
Women inspire us to do great things - and then stop us from doing them.
I've got nothing to do with it.
This forum is marvellous.
Everyone asks me what it's like to be colour-blind.
Austria is a parliamentary republic in mid-Europe and consists of nine Bundesländer.
The mischievous son loved his dad.
The enemy is eavesdropping!
Chemistry is an old science.
Lions are stronger than wolves.
Thomson found out that atoms are indivisible.
He told me the truth.
Will you tell me the truth?
Is this yours?
I won't pay my son's debts.
My God, how sad!
He's a scriptwriter.
The shopping center will be demolished.
How many characters are there in your story?
He writes scripts for TV shows.
I'm done. What's the next step?
It came out in the main newspapers in town.
Gestures are very important in human communication.
I was face to face with my parents' murder.
I admit it. I was wrong.
He lives in a big house.
He lives in a huge house.
They can speak English.
I have a round trip ticket to Tokyo.
He's teaching to the test.
Who wrote "The Prince"?
I hate getting up early.
If life turns its back on you...
He stole money from me.
Alice is sleeping in my room.
I love this mobile phone.
There are a lot of bridges in this city.
Thanks for the chocolate! I hope you enjoyed the pancakes, and I hope you had a great day as well.
I confirm you my presence.
We'd like a double room with bath.
We'd like a room for two with a bath.
I stayed up late last night reading a novel.
Say goodbye to your friends.
Even if the sun were to rise in the west, I wouldn't give up my plan.
You can't mix oil and water.
You shouldn't break your promises.
Don't stay up late at night.
It's not good to stay up late at night.
The train station is nearby.
I met a Mr. Kimura at the party.
You don't need to finish it by tomorrow.
Take a load off.
I need glasses to read.
Everything depends upon the results.
Yesterday was cloudy.
She is crazy.
She's crazy.
I met him last year at a party.
If by any chance he comes, give him this paper.
If he comes, give him this paper.
If by any chance he comes, I'd like you to give him this paper.
If by any chance he's busy, help him.
If he's busy, help him.
If he calls, tell him I am busy.
If the weather is good, I'll go.
If by some chance the weather is good, I'll go.
If for some reason I failed, I'd try again.
If by some chance I failed, I'd try again.
If by any chance I'm late, please don't wait for me.
If for some reason I'm late, please don't wait for me.
You are smarter than that.
I have to admit I was starting to feel a little sorry for myself.
Now I feel sorry for her.
Doing nothing is the most difficult thing in the world, the most difficult and the most intellectual.
She is not there.
He is not there.
Vowel harmony is important in the Hungarian language.
After putting up this bloody Ikea wardrobe, I found myself with three screws in my hand, and no idea where they were meant to go.
I'm learning Turkish.
I learn Turkish.
I have to study for a biology test.
I have to revise for a biology test.
He completed the project at the last minute.
The website was down for maintenance.
It is a must for an actor to know his audience.
For some people, meditation is more effective than taking tranquilisers.
The vase he broke is my aunt's.
The vase she broke is my aunt's.
Keep your hands off my bike!
You're such a good boy, Tom!
What is there to understand?
What's to understand?
I used to try really hard to get straight As.
I still can't believe it!
I still don't believe it!
I want to tell her the truth.
I am incontinent.
What shall we do this evening?
What are we doing this evening?
It just lasts for minutes, doesn't it?
I've never actually seen a real cow.
Nobody is his own enemy.
I have a Me 2, which is stronger than my Me 1.
He looked around the house.
She looked around the house.
You have to buy this too!
I still haven't received your e-mail. Maybe you wrote down my e-mail address wrongly?
I didn't punch her. My arm was just moving and her face was in the way.
I didn't like what I saw on TV.
The Automated Language Recognition feature often mistakes Lojban for Vietnamese.
The fire burnt down four houses in the east of the city.
Who saw the funeral today?
She betrayed her friends for money.
"Thanks for your help." "No problem."
If you want, you can phone me.
Champagne is imported from France.
Can you list the situations in which a supervisor should give a direct order?
I pretended not to be able to understand what he was telling me.
I pretended not to be able to understand what she was telling me.
When did you buy your car?
The auto industry is hiring again.
Our cat is house-trained.
Our cat is housebroken.
Tom is on the loo.
If by some chance it were to rain, he wouldn't go.
If that happened, what would you do?
If for some reason that happened, what would you do?
If for some reason that should happen, what would you do?
I'm having lunch.
I don't know what'll happen.
It took me a lot less time to housebreak my German shepherd than it took to housebreak my other dog.
If it rains, he won't come.
If by any chance it should rain, he won't come.
If it rains tomorrow, the excursion will be canceled.
I don't understand this gobbledygook.
If it happens to rain, the garden party won't be held.
If by some chance it rains, the garden party won't take place.
Once again, I was able to escape death.
I'll call you every night.
I'll phone you every night.
I'll telephone you every night.
Urban sprawl is said to be a major contributor to global warming.
We missed the exit.
Luckily, my neighbour was able to jump-start my car.
The woman is on top of the table.
The woman is atop the table.
Pardon, do you have the time?
I consider nothing human as alien to me.
It would be interesting.
Creative people create, the non-creative plagiarize, all the others - translate.
If you don't understand a particular word in a sentence, ignore it. The translation will make perfect sense without it.
Whenever Googling, I always love finding what I am not looking for.
This is a serious song!
So don't hesitate.
After the exam, I forgot everything.
You girls look amazing!
You look stunning!
It's bulky.
The old Earl said: "We spend one half of our life in regretting the things we did in the other half."
She got good marks in math.
Someone is calling from outside.
You need to buy some fruit and vegetables.
I saw immediately that he was uncomfortable.
Ming Xiao doesn't know yet where he will go next year.
You must succeed where the greatest of heroes has failed.
He helps you to write it.
She helps you to write it.
She met somebody who many people meet.
Just this once, I'll make an exception.
May he rest in peace!
Where is the nearest shop?
It's nice, living in the countryside.
Be polite to our clients, then they will pay you.
There are no flowers growing on Mars.
I've been waiting for him for an hour.
At the start, I was really still a bit scared.
He really liked me!
According to you, which sport is the most popular one in Japan?
Are you able to get this rare book for me?
I don't know when Tom is leaving for Japan.
The poet gave the girl a rose.
Hello my beautiful!
I would like to spend the whole morning like this.
"Who goes there? Stop or I'll shoot!", shouted the guard.
Tom added his own name to the list of people who wanted to take part in the dance.
I'm sleepy.
Vote for us!
The bride seems to be very pretty.
I know he is sleeping.
Apart from that, I don't know anything.
I've just seen that Esperanto has overtaken German, and now has the fourth place. Very good!
Someone loves us.
This house is quite small.
It's quarter to two.
Why didn't you come yesterday? I waited a long time for you.
It's one forty-five.
Where's the nearest supermarket?
A day without you is like a summer without the sun.
I don't know the translation of the word 'oindre'.
He grew up in Australia.
Does this train stop at the Kunshan station?
It was not until the 17th and 18th centuries that the guilds lost their privileges more and more to the state.
That sounds reasonable.
I imagined that.
There's a magazine in my room.
He's also writing a book.
He is also writing a book.
She's also writing a book.
She is also writing a book.
Shall we play rock-scissors-paper?
This hall is very big.
The king took his clothes off.
How beautiful the world is!
I already know what you want!
The king got undressed.
We can meet next week if you want.
You can't doubt everything and anything.
The years passed by as fast as clouds in summer.
He always asks for your opinion.
Electric current is measured in amps.
The kid already speaks pretty well.
I shut the door, but I haven't locked it.
Too bad you have to leave already.
He likes to play cards.
She cried for help, but nobody heard her.
Don't stroke the cat the wrong way.
We very often only come to appreciate someone or our relationship with them when we lose them.
I saw him walking around town wearing his Sunday best.
Flowers make her happy.
Come on, the bus is here.
This is mince.
The outcome depends entirely on your own efforts.
Of the who were arrested, four escaped.
You know very well how it happened.
Leave your room tidy.
The accident happened at this junction.
Where are the history records of our chats on MSN?
Where are the history records of our MSN chats?
Am I allowed a little more milk?
I hope to make it.
Can I have a bit more milk?
Today we are going to study the formation of the Earth.
One of you two is going to have to go there.
How are your parents doing?
I'm not a baby, you know!
An interesting suggestion. I'll have to think it over.
It's human to make slips and mistakes in translation.
I wished him a good journey.
She broke into cries of woe.
A tiring job gives you a life.
If I were a rich man, I would buy you a diamond ring.
Life is a mirror!
The chairperson should consider the minority opinion.
This was a few weeks ago!
I think they're using you.
We are brothers.
He is tired of reading.
This contest is fixed.
Yesterday, they went to the movies.
Come help me.
"You're Mr. Ogawa, aren't you?" "Yes, I am. How can I help you?"
Typhoons hit Japan every year.
I work different hours every day.
She can hardly speak.
He can hardly speak.
I'm sorry to bother you so often.
He fell asleep while reading a book.
It's important to read books.
Reading books is important.
Choose books carefully.
Books are made out of paper.
I can't run as fast as he can.
I'll take back everything I said.
Hokkaido is in the northern part of Japan.
Hokkaido is located in the northern part of Japan.
In the north, it's cold in the winter.
Even though she was busy, she came to see me.
In spite of the fact that she was busy, she came to see me.
I'm busy, so I can't go.
Please don't forget to mail the letters.
Tom's mother is worried about his cough.
I'm happy to see you here.
My mother boiled ten eggs.
My mother is preparing dinner.
My mother is preparing supper.
My mother taught me how to make miso soup.
My mother goes to the market every day to buy things.
My mother gets up the earliest every morning.
My mother is the first one to get up every morning.
My mother is busy cooking dinner.
My mother is busy preparing supper.
My mother has gone shopping.
My mother is preparing breakfast.
My mother is cooking breakfast.
My mother put a large vase on the shelf.
My mother was usually very busy.
My mother set the table for dinner.
My mother is anxious about my future.
Grammar is an empirical science, not a theoretical one.
There are no people who don't desire peace.
Mr. Hirayama is a very good teacher.
Prices have gone down.
The cost of living has gone down.
I wore a coat so I wouldn't catch a cold.
There is no table in the room.
There are no tables in the room.
There's a lot of furniture in the room.
There wasn't even one book in the room.
My father doesn't drink hard liquor.
My father doesn't waste his time.
My father makes good use of his time.
I wish my father had lived longer.
I lost the watch my father had given me.
We came here to enjoy ourselves.
Cut the cloth diagonally.
Mt. Fuji is not as tall as Mt. Everest.
We have nothing to complain about.
We have no complaints.
Even though he was sick, he went to school.
He was sick, but he went to school.
There are a few problems.
The ice was thick enough to walk on.
Since you're tired, you should rest.
He was tired, but he kept on working.
I was tired so I went to bed.
Since I was tired, I went to bed.
He was tired so he went to bed.
He went to bed because he was tired.
I didn't think you were so old.
I used to love her, but not anymore.
It was his silence that made her angry.
Do we need to wait for her?
That's not the right answer.
That's the right answer.
He was hired away by a rival company.
It is a brand new product.
Please give me a wake-up call at eight o'clock.
It's the perfect number.
It's a magic number.
I don't feel like studying science.
He won everything.
She won everything.
I pet a cat today.
Tom drives an old diesel.
Mining-induced earthquakes are a frequent occurrence in the Ruhr area.
Tom has an airtight alibi.
I love the old country.
She goes to market every day to buy things.
She practices the piano every day.
She really looks pretty.
She had my mother take care of the baby.
She has that annoying Valley Girl accent.
My hard drive is almost full.
The vanity plate I want is not available.
In hot weather, water evaporates quickly.
The girl who's playing the piano is my sister.
Nothing scares me.
It's just started snowing.
I'm going to Spain next week.
Can I borrow a pen? Mine's on its last legs.
I had the confirmation.
Do you think this is fun?
If you want to, call me this afternoon.
I was going to buy a new table, but my husband fixed the broken leg.
What's the number of the fax machine in this hotel?
The percentage of carbohydrates in animal cells is approximately percent.
The buds became beautiful red roses.
Our web site attracts a lot of users.
I felt their pain, and suffered with them.
I'd prefer to die rather than see you crying.
You have to work, not think.
Valentine's Day is celebrated in February.
I accept the exchange.
Finally, I have my own car.
Hurry up! You should be ready by now.
I absolutely must remember my passport.
Have you seen the dog? He wandered off a couple of minutes ago.
You see the girl at the back? I'd watch out for her.
It's five o'clock already? Where does the time go?
No, I haven't seen her for three weeks.
I have to hurry. My flight leaves in an hour.
We stayed in a lovely little hotel in Paris.
I have to stop that. It's a bad habit.
I was gonna go shopping tomorrow, but I really can't be bothered.
Her name's Irina.
I would've told you before, but I didn't think you'd understand.
I have no desire to understand what goes on in your head.
She used to live in Tel Aviv.
Seriously. We're going to have to do something about this.
He asked that we be silent.
I'd prefer that you stay home tonight.
I am very curious.
However, all these data were not confirmed.
I am very happy in Georgia.
I have two tickets for the game.
Of course, dear, I shall respect you in the morning. What did you say your name is?
Do you know why buttered bread always lands butter side down? Because you cannot successfully determine beforehand which side of the bread to butter.
She was enchanted by his little laugh.
Babies are not capable of looking after themselves.
A lot of people live for the future, not for the present.
Hey! What a smart person!
If you're sick, honey tastes bitter.
Horses run fast.
We all breathed a sigh of relief.
Edoardo got really angry and threw the chair over onto the floor.
It became clear that the stolen bicycle belonged to him.
He's worried about the result.
We could watch the dawn from the window.
Life begins when you are forty.
It is not so.
I'm in touch with him.
I'm in touch with her.
Zerrin Süküt is a satanist girl. She cut a cat, and she's seventeen years old. I condemn all the animal killings. Animals are our friends. But Zerrin Süküt has many haters from every country. We love all cats and dogs, simply all animals. I support all the haters of Zerrin Süküt. If you're an animal lover, like this page.
Take a few steps and tell me if it hurts when you walk.
He began to talk to the dog.
He started talking to the dog.
We live in countries with similar identities.
His book is very interesting.
Her book is very interesting.
Do you have younger brothers?
The train is arriving!
I'm very happy in Georgia.
Let's come back home!
Once a month, I go to the hairdresser.
I have a Vietnamese friend. Her name is Tiên.
He considered his options carefully before deciding.
She'll major in American history.
He has never even set foot on foreign soil.
She was too tired to speak.
She doesn't like to sing sad songs.
She's a better leader than he is.
She's a lot older than he is.
She's five years younger than he is.
She's five years younger than him.
She's not as tall as he is.
She's not as tall as him.
His ignorance causes her problems.
She reached out to take his hat.
She asked about his father's condition.
She asked how his father was.
She pretended not to hear him.
She means nothing to him.
She's pregnant.
She bought that camera while she was in Japan.
She kept the dining room warm in the winter.
She should eat breakfast.
She has a large mansion.
She owns a large mansion.
She gets up early.
He gets up early.
My father gets up early.
Everyone in my family gets up early.
Our teacher is a martial arts expert.
She's not as shy as she used to be.
She has a lot of respect for her teacher.
She respects her teacher a lot.
She was wearing a red bathing suit.
She wore a red blouse.
She was wearing a red blouse.
She used up a bar of soap.
She called the students into the room.
She patiently waited for him.
She's a girl, but she's brave.
She requested help, but no one came.
It took about five minutes to get to my uncle's house from the station.
She can't write or read.
She waved goodbye to me.
She may have been beautiful when she was young.
She might have been beautiful when she was young.
She blamed her failure on bad luck.
She liked talking about herself.
She tried to lower her expenses.
She doesn't need to go there herself.
There's no need for her to go there herself.
It's not necessary for her to go there herself.
She really likes writing poems.
She really likes to write poems.
She liked poetry and music.
She scolds Terry about as often as she scolds me.
She's six years older than me.
She's six years older than I am.
She's five years younger than me.
She's five years younger than I am.
She promised me that she would clean my room.
She promised me that she'd come.
She didn't say even one word to me.
She can't control her children.
She was a child, but she was brave.
She was a child, but she wasn't afraid.
Even though she was a child, she wasn't afraid.
She disappeared.
She continued with the work.
She knows a lot about the latest fashions.
She's a lot better today.
She's much better today.
Her condition is much better today.
She's in a fairly bad mood now.
She loves antiques.
She really likes antiques.
Admission by silence.
She told me the wrong address on purpose.
She's a lot smarter than she looks.
She's very afraid of dogs.
She was a Brown before she got married.
She was a Smith before she got married.
She doesn't have as much patience as you do.
She is not the kind of person you think she is.
Being honest, I'm not your father.
He is the head of marketing.
He's the head of the marketing department.
He's the manager of the marketing department.
She stood in front of the mirror.
Tom paid for the ticket.
My office is located on the fifth floor.
She came close to drowning.
The baby continues to sleep.
She likes painting pictures.
She greeted Mr. Kato with a smile.
She's very interested in music.
She's not old enough to get a driver's license.
At the moment, there isn't anyone in the office.
I wish you well.
She has never been asked out on a date.
She tried hard, but she failed.
She failed every time she tried.
She's still a minor.
She's still under age.
She doesn't yet know the truth.
He doesn't know the truth yet.
He doesn't yet know the truth.
He likes to read the Chinese books his father wrote in the United States.
If and only if the ice-cream is vanilla flavour will Xiao Wang eat it.
He likes to read the Chinese books his father wrote in the U.S.
She's very afraid of snakes.
She played the violin.
She's a very wise mother.
Where did she buy books?
She wrung the towel.
The town has changed a lot since then.
I hear that she's Mr. Smith's secretary.
She's by far the tallest girl.
She went out without saying goodbye.
She needs some help from us.
She has a lot of friends here.
How long are you going to be?
Seven thousand languages are spoken all over the world, ​​and taken together, they comprise the largest collection of human knowledge that has ever existed.
The airline has grounded its fleet.
Please do not talk to the driver while he's driving.
That's an old hat.
That's old hat.
3-D movies are old hat.
That's last year's snow.
That's yesterday's news.
The family lives in a yurt.
Men become more attractive from their thirties on.
I love the trunk.
My teeth are chattering because of the cold.
I read; you write.
I never imagined that you would say that.
One cup of coffee commits one to forty years of friendship.
What happened to my bag?
The teacher said that we are the future of our home country.
The teacher said that we are the future of the fatherland.
I read that the president of Brazil is a woman. She's called Dilma.
I read that the president of Brazil is a woman. Her name is Dilma.
The customers gave him fleeting glances, then returned to their conversations.
I could hear the voices of several other guests who had arrived and were already eating together in the main dinning room.
I can't help but feel that I've been set up.
I don't necessarily agree with everything I say.
Milton had that universality which belongs to the highest order of genius.
The method of scientific investigation is nothing but the expression of the necessary mode of working of the human mind; it is simply the mode by which all phenomena are reasoned and given precise and exact explanation.
We all have our ups and downs.
She has got a mellow, round voice.
His question challenged us to think.
Their success is a challenge to my effort.
The river drains five provinces.
No context, no text.
The planets move round the sun in the same direction and nearly in the same plane.
Like causes produce like results.
In the negative, right and left, black and white are reversed.
The works of these matches are all home-produced and wear well.
He found a position as junior lawyer in Glogau in 1796, then in in Berlin and in he became assessor in the province of Posen.
He began to think that some mutual friend had been slandering him.
The plane will land before long.
Please fasten your seatbelt.
Today is my lucky day.
She didn't want to fight no more.
I kept the worst part.
Please fasten seatbelt.
He didn't see anything.
Martin, this shit just got real. Fetch the chainsaw.
He and I were inseparable friends during our time together in school.
For now, I will wait at the hotel.
Playing cards is very interesting.
Freewriting is a good activity if you have writer's block.
"I've seen a lot of things in my time here," he said to her, "but I've never seen that."
He was caught by the police three days later trying to board a ferry to France with a suitcase containing £50,000.
Christopher was still wanted for questioning over the disappearance of several cats in the town where he grew up.
"What, Snuffles? Dangerous? I assure you I have him well train-AAAARGH!!"
It's that time again already.
I think we should do something stupid.
We have a plan.
When she saw the gunman, Soraya nearly had a fit.
Go to the extraction point.
There's a cat in the back alley.
Tom has a trash compactor.
Mary has been missing for months.
I sold it on craigslist.
Tom is too weak to talk.
It never rains, it pours.
What does your name say about you?
If you mix blue and red, you get violet.
We exorcise you, every unclean spirit, every satanic power, every incursion of the infernal adversary, every legion, every congregation and diabolical sect.
"Bring the child out into the woods. I don't want to see her anymore. You shall kill her and bring me her lungs and liver as proof."
Tom has good taste in art.
Where is my brother?
I've found out what Tom is doing.
Do you understand what I am saying?
Add two ounces of grated cheese.
I'll take that as a yes.
Do you still remember how to do it?
Somebody is watching me.
Hello, is there anybody there?
Hello? Anyone there?
Hello, is there anyone there?
That will be all for today.
We have a tight schedule.
I'll put in a word for you.
Tom feels unwanted.
Did you do it?
You have to trust me.
Please try again.
There's something under the bed.
They got him.
One of her cars is blue and the others are red.
How come the sky is blue?
I am not a Canadian.
I like running.
That is just typical of him.
Around honey, there is no lack of flies.
I don't allow myself to have sweets.
I love astronomy.
Her bicycle is blue.
Her bike is blue.
I must remind you about your promise.
You are lazy!
Phillip isn't an engineer.
Bigamy is when you have one wife too many.
Bigamy is having one wife too many.
Life is usually the best teacher, but usually too expensive.
Very many people know him.
There was a pack of paper on the table.
I don't know if you'll be here when I return.
I love romance novels.
What are you holding in your hand?
What is this thing for?
Where did you find this awful dog?
In the year 1808, he directed an orchestra in Bamberg.
I'm not the same fool I was fifteen years ago.
You'd better tell him the truth.
You'd better not see her now.
You shouldn't see her now.
I wonder if Mr. Oka will teach English.
Prices depend on the costs and the demand.
Mr. Ito teaches history.
A Mr. Ito wants to see you.
There's a person named Mr. Ito who wants to see you.
There used to be a hut around here.
Because of the bad weather, I didn't go.
Bad weather prevented us from departing.
Bad weather prevented us from leaving.
Some people think it's a bad idea.
There are some people who think it's a bad idea.
All of us will die sooner or later.
We'll all die sooner or later.
I'm very concerned about your health.
I'm very worried about your health.
I can't agree with you on this point.
Mr. Wilder gave me your email address.
When compared to Paris, London is large.
I met him when I was staying in London.
I often feel depressed.
I traveled around Europe.
Yumi has a lot of money now.
Last night's game was exciting.
A lot still remains to be done.
There are still a lot of things that have to be done.
There are still a lot of things to do.
I feel depressed because there are a lot of things I have to do.
I finally got a driver's license.
My turn finally came.
The pain finally went away.
The semester exams are finally over.
I think it's better not to try it.
I don't need a loan anymore.
I no longer need a loan.
You should have spoken more politely.
We should have departed earlier.
We should have left earlier.
I'm sorry that I didn't email you sooner.
I'm sorry that I didn't reply sooner.
If you want to come with us, come with us.
What should we do if he happens to come late?
What should we do if he comes late?
Why am I laughing?
You run into Japanese tourists everywhere.
Poppycock.
Bullshit.
Did you hear that what's-his-name crashed his motorcycle?
He doesn't have a clue about anything. But he still has an opinion about everything.
He denies this accusation and speaks only of a kiss.
He bought himself a rope and threw himself behind the moving train.
Around the corner comes a paunch. The owner is right behind.
Suspenders are safest.
Is he a real doctor? He talks so normally.
She has hair on her teeth.
She's a nasty witch.
When you back up into a tree, you make the trunk smaller.
When you back up into a tree, you make the boot smaller.
Who can fly better, a fly or a pilot?
I don't like peas. They always fall off the knife.
Customer in a milk shop: "I'd like three eggs, please." Sales girl: "Yes, you would like that, wouldn't you."
Customer in a milk shop: "I'd like to have three testicles, please." Sales girl: "Yes, you would like that, wouldn't you."
All Gaul is divided into three parts, of which the first is inhabited by the Belgians, another by the Aquitaines, and the third by those who are called Celts in their language, and Gauls in ours.
Your wristwatch is on the table.
Where does this train go?
Carl Sagan gathered information about our planet onto a disk and sent it into space, so that other intelligent beings would find it.
We want welfare, not warfare.
My cat is mad.
Excuse me, I have a question.
In my language, the musical notes are c, d, e, f, g, a, and b.
In my language, the notes of the scale are do, re, mi, fa, sol, la, ti, do.
Zhang looks confusedly.
Do you like Arabic coffee?
I scream for ice cream.
I saw the match last night.
Last night I saw the match.
The purpose of the heart is to pump blood.
Almost always.
If I set the language to "French (Canada)," then it comes out as "courriel;" but if I set it to "French (France)," it appears as "e-mail."
An increasingly greater part of the population is not capable of fully utilizing the power of expression of the German language.
Today's friends are tomorrow's enemies.
In winter, the dry leaves fly around in the air.
It will soon stop snowing, and then the weather will improve.
Put some coal in the oven, so that the milk will start boiling.
She has three teeth out.
I had to get seven stitches.
I have a broken wrist.
I spent fifty dollars to get my dog spayed.
I spent fifty dollars to get my dog fixed.
I spent fifty dollars to get my dog neutered.
If I weren't sick, I'd join you.
If he asks us for help, we'll help him.
The good old man broke through the ice with the horse, and fell into the cold water.
He died four to six weeks ago.
The fire was too hot, and the cakes were burned quite black on the bottom.
If I were you, I'd go home right away.
He always eats eggs without salt and pepper.
If it rains, bring the washing in.
What should we do if it rains?
My feet hurt so much, I think that I must have run them right through to the bone.
Today is fucking cold.
If it were true, what would you do?
If that were true, what would you do?
I went to the woman myself and told her about it, and she said that she also wanted to tell her daughter.
I don't want to do it again.
Have you gotten over your cold yet?
Are you over your cold yet?
I can't wait for him any longer.
I'm just about to whack you on the ears with a spoon, you monkey.
Have you called him yet?
Where are you off to? Should we come with?
These are bad times.
It's late, so turn off the TV.
My dear child, stay down here, otherwise the mean geese will bite you to death.
Are you finished reading the newspaper?
Are you finished reading the paper?
Today you learned more than the others and were well behaved. You may go home before the others.
You're not big enough yet to drink a whole bottle of wine by yourself. First you have to grow up and get bigger.
Now that we've finished eating, let's go.
Be so good as to go and tell your sister, she has to finish sewing the clothes for your mother, and then clean them with the brush.
If only you had known him! Then things would have turned out differently, and it would be better for him now.
Who stole my basket with the meat?
He acted as if she had ordered him to do the threshing.
So who did he tell the new story to?
You have to talk really loud, otherwise he won't understand us.
We're tired and thirsty.
When we got home last night, the others were already in bed and fast asleep.
Last night there was still snow on the ground, but this morning it's all melted.
Behind our house there are three beautiful apple trees with little red apples.
Could you please wait just a moment for us? Then we'll go with you.
You may not behave so childishly.
Our mountains aren't really very high. Yours are much bigger.
How many pounds of sausage do you want, and how much bread?
I don't understand you, you'll have to talk a little louder.
Didn't you find a piece of white soap on my table?
His brother wants to build himself two nice new houses in your garden.
His words were heartfelt.
That was right of them.
He is abroad.
My heart is hurting.
He also speaks French.
She also speaks French.
I was wrong about myself.
I like this picture of us!
Something happened.
Do you want to go first?
Tom and Mary played a game of Russian roulette.
This movie is highly controversial.
That's what I told her.
Tom was running around the streets drunk and naked.
Tom and Mary went deer hunting.
Delete the comment, please.
Please delete the comment.
Tom said he understood how you were feeling.
Isn't life beautiful?
How do we find it?
There was nobody here yesterday.
They don't know me there.
You'd do the same for me.
I don't feel like exercising.
Don't touch my stuff!
Get me something to eat.
When are you returning to Italy?
He was laughing all the way to the bank.
This new application claims to be user friendly. Well, it isn't.
I think we're too late.
You should go home now.
Go home now.
He is fat as a bear.
She wrote the word.
I lost almost all my money.
Did I say that?
I was wondering where your little camper had taken you both.
Have a great night.
I have a sister.
You didn't see everything.
Did you talk to your lawyer about this problem?
He's a man who doesn't speak with anybody.
My grandmother can cook very well.
Some people claim to know everything.
Some claim to know everything.
You're really an angel!
The wounded woman was a Brazilian tourist.
It had to be you.
Everything should be done neatly.
Would you like to have another cup of tea?
You've met Mr. Smith already, haven't you?
It'll soon be the rainy season.
It was a great night.
Physics is Greek to me.
It'll be summer vacation pretty soon.
It'll be summer vacation soon.
I'll finish reading this novel soon.
You shouldn't wait any longer.
I can't bear it any longer.
Tom didn't want to play dodge ball because he was tired.
Tom decided not to play dodge ball because he wasn't feeling well.
Translators do their best work when they translate into their mother tongue.
You're a criminal.
You are a criminal.
My phone number is 2468.
It's time for you to go to bed.
Is there space for one more person?
Is there space for another person?
Meros is absolutely not a liar.
Meros is definitely not a liar.
Meros is certainly not a liar.
Mr. Mailer is scheduled to stay here until tomorrow.
Love is not what you think.
A person named Miller wants to see you.
You're the prettiest thing I've seen in my life.
It looks like it'll rain.
Mr. White soon began to feel guilty.
Mom and Dad are very nervous.
Mama cried.
He hasn't succeeded yet.
This is his opinion.
He has not yet succeeded.
No, I won't do that.
He was disqualified after a false start.
I need to buy stamps.
They seem to be photographs.
I think I'll come back soon.
The horse ran fast.
Well, you might be right.
Well, possibly you're right.
He is my favorite character.
He's my favorite character.
She is my favorite character.
She's my favorite character.
It is my favorite character.
It's my favorite character.
Feel free to contact me.
Quite the opposite, Tom has been a good influence on my life since I met him.
I ask for your understanding!
You ask in vain for forgiveness; your actions are unforgivable.
It kept raining all day long.
She didn't show up at the party, but nobody knows why.
Bring it over soon.
Are you coming or not?
The class start at ten.
I'm done with studying.
Being Colombian is the best.
The server is temporarily unable to service your request due to maintenance downtime or capacity problems. Please try again later.
Nothing belongs to us, we are part of everything.
It won't fly!
Another problem has come up.
I spoke to him about it on the telephone.
Tom doesn't drink coffee, but he smokes cigarettes.
Tom drank coffee while Mary smoked a cigarette.
Tom told Mary to buy some coffee and cigarettes.
I haven't finished that job yet.
It's been ages since we last met.
It's been a long time since we last met.
It's been a long time since we last saw each other.
Mr. White is in charge of our class.
Mr. White wanted to help them.
Mr. White is doing very well so far.
Mr. White has gone to Canada.
Mr. White has gone to India.
Mr. White will arrive in Tokyo at 10:30.
Mr. White seems to have many friends.
Mr. White is about the same age I am.
Allow me to introduce you to Mr. White.
Let me introduce you to Mr. White.
It's been raining for about a week.
Mr. Hobson closed the store and went home.
Almost everything has been improved.
Almost everything has gotten better.
It's hardly raining at all.
Most accidents happen in the neighborhood.
Most accidents happen near home.
My aunt has an apartment for rent for dollars a month.
I just don't want to do anything to make the horse worse off.
Show pity on me.
I have a date with him at six.
I am almost ready.
"There are too many chiefs around here." "Do you mean too many chiefs and not enough Indians?"
Have you heard about my new grand piano? Now you have to hear its sound.
He said only one word: "Bosh!"
When exactly is a language considered endangered? When its speakers cease to use it, use it in fewer and fewer domains, use fewer of its speaking styles, or stop passing it on to the next generation.
UNESCO’s Language Vitality and Endangerment framework has established in six degrees of vitality: safe, vulnerable, definitely endangered, severely endangered, critically endangered and extinct.
Where is my dog?
Intelligent design means to keep things simple.
Are we in the same hotel?
Two firms compete with each other for market leadership.
I have to look after the rabbit.
We have to look after our parents.
The Prussians should be on their guard against the southern Germans.
She's warning me about his infidelity.
We must party.
We have to party.
She has a double-barrelled name.
Do you have nightmares?
"How much is he asking for?" "A thousand euros."
I looked around for a mailbox.
We plan to go hiking tomorrow.
Translator, traitor.
I don't think anyone else could do my job.
You can rent a boat by the hour.
The girl rowing the boat is my cousin.
You couldn't choose.
You could not choose.
Belgium is not as large as France.
The girl in the blue coat is my daughter.
Speaking French is difficult.
Please put me through to Mr. Black.
Mr. Brown is in charge of our class.
Mr. Brown is looking for his glasses.
Mr. Brown is our English teacher.
Mr. Brown always carries a book with him.
Please put me through to Mr. Brown.
Mr. Brown gave me your name.
I'd like you to meet Mr. Brown.
Let me introduce you to Mr. Brown.
Mr. Brown is a wool merchant.
Please give me the number for Mr. Brown.
Mr. Brown has four children.
I think he's Mr. Brown.
Owls can see in the dark.
I forgot to phone Mr. Ford.
I forgot to call Mr. Ford up.
I forgot to call Mr. Ford.
Bill goes fishing every other day.
He goes fishing every other day.
Bill can run the fastest in his class.
Bill is the smarter of the two brothers.
Do you know what it means?
Do you know where Tom is from?
Do you know what Tom does for a living?
Do you know what time Tom usually goes to bed?
Do you know what Tom's favorite color is?
Do you know where Tom put the keys?
Do you know when Tom got his driver's license?
Do you know how to get to Tom's house?
Do you know Tom's phone number?
Tell me you weren't thinking the same thing.
The diary is horrible.
It's a curse.
It is a curse.
I can't wait to marry you.
This tour is going to be amazing!
Choose one from among these products.
My head really aches.
I had a bad stomachache.
I haven't got rid of my bad cold yet.
I haven't gotten rid of my bad cold yet.
I haven't gotten over my bad cold yet.
I can't stand this stomachache.
I want to see a doctor about my stomachache.
My job is giving me a stomachache.
Let's decide on the date for the picnic.
Do you have any beer?
Do you have beer?
Mr. Hunt is the principal of our school.
I met some friends while I was waiting for a bus.
I met a friend while I was waiting for a bus.
The bus stopped to pick up passengers.
I ran into a friend of mine on the bus.
I ran into a friend on the bus.
I ran into Mr. Lynch on the bus.
Fifty people can ride on the bus.
It takes two hours to get there by bus.
It'll take two hours to get there by bus.
Since the bus was late, I took a taxi.
I took a taxi because the bus was late.
Put on your pajamas.
At first, I thought he was your brother.
The party was held on May 22nd.
Mr. Parker tried eating with chopsticks.
Mr. Norton is pleasant to work with.
Mr. Newman often comes to Japan.
What a strange story!
Why did she need to send for him?
Why does she look so sad?
Mr. Thompson has been very busy today.
What kind of flowers do you like?
What kind of fruit do you like best?
What's your favorite kind of fruit?
Why are you worrying about something that doesn't matter so much?
No matter how tired I might be, I have to work.
No matter how tired I am, I have to work.
It doesn't matter what game he plays, he always wins.
No matter what game he plays, he always wins.
What kind of fruit do you want?
No matter how rich you are, you can't buy true love.
The king was a manipulator.
I have only half as many books as he does.
Tom's friends called him Mr. Money Bags.
Tom's friends called him Money Bags.
Every student was asked one question.
Tony can run the fastest in our class.
Being very tired, I soon fell asleep.
I was very tired, so I fell asleep right away.
I have connections in the government.
This year's fashions are completely different from last year's.
I'm fed up with him.
The rooms in this hotel are not as clean as the rooms in that hotel.
This day is so boring!
It was very cold, so they stayed at home.
They stayed at home because it was very cold.
We stayed at home because it was very cold.
It was very cold, so we stayed at home.
It was very cold, but we went out.
Even though it was very cold, we went out.
It was very cold, but I went out.
Even though it was very cold, I went out.
Since it's very cold, we can skate.
Where can I go to get a map of Europe?
She's sometimes late for school.
My older sister finally got married.
Please put me through to Mr. Smith.
I suddenly missed my watch.
The woman is very big and she has many friends.
I can't remember how to do it.
No matter how hard I try, I can't remember how to do it.
Why did you make such a mistake?
Why do you want such an old car?
I fell asleep while watching TV.
Mr. Davis looks very tired.
He ran away so he wouldn't be caught.
I finally caught up with my friends.
My father finally compromised.
He finally found out how to make it.
My wish has finally come true.
We finally got to the lake.
We finally arrived at the lake.
You came at just the right time.
Don't open the door no matter who comes.
No matter who comes, don't open the door.
He probably forgot about it.
Don't trust him, no matter what he says.
Since there were no taxis, I had to walk.
I had to walk because there were no taxis.
After years of development it's clear: Esperanto is more than just a language.
You shouldn't stay up so late at night.
Don't read that kind of book.
I hurried so I wouldn't miss the train.
He hurried so he wouldn't miss the train.
I can't find time to read the book.
You look good in those clothes.
That day was a Sunday, so there was no school.
There were no radios in those days.
It's impossible to live on that island.
It's not possible to live on that island.
You can't live on that island.
She turned pale when she heard that news.
He turned pale when he heard that news.
You should look up that word.
You should look that word up.
You have to turn to history and go a few centuries back to the Renaissance era, to Leonardo da Vinci, in order to find such a fascinating man who was not merely a dilettante, but a genius working in many different fields.
That university was founded by Mr. Smith.
That novel wasn't written by Mr. Robinson.
The novel has sold almost 20,copies.
He's two years older than me, but he's shorter.
He's two years older than I am, but he's shorter than I am.
I spilt my inkwell.
I need to hoover.
By seven o'clock in the evening, the streets are deserted in this town.
Around here, they roll up the sidewalks at o'clock.
Are you high?
That's it for today.
He spent the night in a homeless hostel.
The streets here are empty by 7.
What have you done with the books?
The dog sniffed the sick.
I guess you cannot do it.
I guess you can't do it.
Today's arraignment hearing offers the defendant his first opportunity to state his case personally.
He gave me back the money.
There aren't any clouds today.
Ship ahoy!
He's among the also-rans.
I wouldn't have dreamt of it.
The accident happened near his home.
That accident happened near his house.
The game was postponed until next Sunday.
The ring couldn't be found anywhere.
Is there a zoo in Boston?
That boy showed no fear.
It's your duty to finish the job.
It's your responsibility to finish the job.
That work was done very quickly.
That job is impossible for me to do.
The job is almost done.
May I look at that magazine?
If you are going to go to America, you should brush up your English.
Kelly, watch the stars!
That magazine is aimed at teenagers.
Please pull the rope.
The park is located in the center of the city.
The park is in the center of the city.
I'll never forget the sight.
How do you spell that word?
What's the precise meaning of that word?
The company wants to hire people.
It would be better if we didn't attend that meeting.
Whenever I hear that song, I think of a certain girl.
Whenever I hear that song, I think of my childhood.
When I heard that song, it reminded me of my childhood.
When I heard that song, it reminded me of when I was a kid.
That song reminds me of my home.
When I hear that song, I think about my hometown.
When I hear that song, I think about the place where I grew up.
Mars, the red planet, is the fourth planet.
Same shit, different day.
I'm looking forward to reading Ayako's diary again.
Those kinds of methods are out of date.
That bus stops in front of my house.
I never thought I'd see her there.
That kind of person will definitely fail.
That kind of person will fail for sure.
If you are going to go to America, you should brush up your Spanish.
If you are going to go to America, you should brush up your Portuguese.
Mr. Smith teaches me English.
Mr. Smith left Japan this morning.
Mr. Smith is in charge of the class.
Mr. Smith sued them for damages.
Mr. Smith is a candidate for mayor.
Mr. Smith thinks that he's a big shot.
Mr. Smith is now on duty.
Mr. Smith lives in Kyoto now.
I would like to see Mr. Smith.
I've known Mr. Smith for many years.
A Mr. Smith has come to see you.
Mr. Smith has come.
Skiing is a lot of fun.
John will probably pass the examination.
John is older than Robert.
If John had come, I wouldn't have had to.
If John had come, I wouldn't have had to come.
Mr. Ford owns this land.
"Contrastingly, do you love Kanji?" he asked.
Voters of the middling sort don't see it that way.
I wouldn't have dreamed of it.
Whenever I hear that song, I think of my younger days.
This house will rent easily.
It'll be easy to find a renter for this house.
It'll be easy to find someone to rent this house.
We have had a lot of rain this summer.
There's been a lot of rain this summer.
There's a little whiskey in this bottle.
Whose camera is this?
This house is for rent.
I never expected to see you here.
What do you think happened here?
This is the room he rushed into.
I like it so much.
Let's see this costume.
Mr. Kennedy pointed out our mistakes.
Keisuke is taller than I am.
Mr. Green, you are wanted on the phone.
Kuniko is related to Mr. Nagai.
You didn't need to buy this book.
A person named Williams came to see you yesterday.
You should take an umbrella.
How can you stand this noise?
Please come pick up your package at the reception.
Anybody home?
He's out cold.
He's unconscious.
Tom is a fighter pilot.
Tom's callsign is Maverick.
Mary is a heavy reader.
Tsez has one hundred twenty-six cases.
Go away before they see you here.
How many years did it take to build the pyramids?
Mr. Wood loved Linda from the bottom of his heart.
What's the Italian pronunciation of this word?
Mr. Wood didn't have any sons.
Mr. Wood was like a father to Tony.
Mr. Wall put off going to the dentist's.
Mr. Wilson is proud of his house.
Go and see if Mr. Wilson is at home.
Have you ever visited Italy?
That lady appears to be rich.
That tall man is Mr. Smith.
