I don't like chocolate.
Sometimes things that happen do not make sense.
No pain no gain.
All good things come to an end.
An eye for an eye and a tooth for a tooth.
This isn't going to end well!
There is no point in deluding yourself; you know it well that she's just playing games with you.
You don’t have to reinvent the wheel; it already exists.
Please take that baggage to the post office.
He never saw his parents again.
The whole country was buried under snow.
I go for a walk every morning.
Are you tired of living?
Don't you recognize me?
You sent me your photo.
One of my suitcases is large, and the other one is medium.
My gloves are size medium.
Get me one in size m please.
A large or medium-sized one?
You only need a medium size.
He worked as a diplomat for many years.
My nail has broken.
The door handle is broken.
You need not fear, because the god they are talking about does not exist, and if they tell you that it does, they are either wrong or they are using the word “exist” with a different meaning and thus are just making a statement about themselves.
It keeps raining.
The time has come.
It's very difficult to find a black cat in a dark room, especially if there is no cat.
Could you please refrain from interrupting me constantly!
The match was stopped due to a thunderstorm.
They've sold their house and car in preparation for leaving the country.
If you want to sell your old sofa, why not put an advertisement in the local paper?
Need they have sold the farm?
I think Tatoeba is slow today.
How do you learn Esperanto?
How do you study Esperanto?
I thought your house was downtown.
The story continues.
I see the book.
Kate was obliged to read the book.
This is my brainchild.
I appreciate your answering my enquiry so promptly.
I apologize for the delay in replying.
I am writing to express my dissatisfaction.
Should you require further information, please do not hesitate to contact me.
I would like to thank you in advance for the information.
I can't turn it on, because the switch is broken.
Let's be frank in this question.
Bill Gates is the founder of Microsoft.
I have no more ideas.
I don't have any more ideas.
Without air we would die.
Where art thou?
He does nothing but cry.
I got out straight after getting my century because I was being too complacent. I let my team down.
Mars was a desert for many centuries of human colonization until terraforming was developed.
Martian colonists initially opted to build habitats underground and in domed enclosures.
There is evidence that water was abundant on Mars eons ago.
Faster-than-light, aka superluminal, space travel was not discovered until centuries later.
The first centuries of superluminal space exploration proved that neighbouring space was mostly desert as other life discovered was in a primordial state.
Theorists theorized that lifeforms far advanced of humanity may be hidden from view.
My expertise at the Space Academy was astrobiology, aka exobiology.
We'll take lunch at noon.
I will go to Australia by train.
Like a chook with its head cut off.
Like a headless chicken.
Aardvarks are amazing! They can dig and hide in the dirt in less than one minute!
Without music, the world is a valley of tears.
I always try, when I'm translating sentences, to make the translation as similar as possible to the original sentence. This makes language learning much easier for non-native speakers.
Religions are the biggest lie ever told.
Pollution problems on Earth necessitated finding homes outside of Earth.
Environmental engineers on Earth were hard at work as they tried to clean up global pollution.
Mars was the safest bet for human colonization.
Industries increasingly became geared for outer space.
On Earth, policymakers decried the "all-in-one-basket" doctrine of the Earth Is Our Home Society.
He talked about her illness.
Space exploration of the Solar System for the first few centuries was full of trial and error.
A cost-effective way to explore the Solar System was to send thousands of robotic probes to scour celestial bodies for data.
Centuries later, there were "lighthouse" outposts as far as Pluto and its moon Charon.
Some religious groups set up gigantic generational ships that travelled many years away from the Solar System to distant stars.
Certain industries advocated creating megastructures in space for habitation with artificial gravity.
Centuries later, there were more humans in outer space than there were on Earth.
During centuries of space exploration, there were strange, unexplained anomalies that were linked to possible nonhuman sentient life.
Space explorers were not without religion.
He is washing your car.
We are learning Spanish.
I have acrophobia.
We two know that you two lie.
Last night I puked.
The snail draws in its feelers.
The snail drew in its feelers.
A snail's shell is spiral in form.
I cannot overcome my repugnance to eating snails.
Snails have been eating our lettuces.
The snail retreated into its shell.
The cave was toward a torrent.
What's the best advice you've received?
Don't fry bacon naked!
Don't pee on an electric fence.
Don't sweat the small stuff.
Pierre, come here!
This place is open to everybody.
That place is open to everybody.
All lawyers are liars.
Time was running out for the Earthlings as their planetary environment was in decay. Space travel became a necessity.
An enormous space station oribiting around Jupiter overlooked the rainbow stripes of the gas giant.
Was Venus, a desert planet with thick clouds of sulfuric acid, foretelling the future of Earth?
Venus is like Hell. The oven-like surface temperature hovers over degrees Celsius.
Environmental pollution triggered climatic changes all over Earth.
Terraformers wanted to modify the Venusian atmosphere, so that some day it may support life.
Venus is only slightly smaller than the Earth and Mars is bigger than half of Earth.
Now I'm here with you.
The surface gravity on Mars is more than a third of Earth's.
Every Esperantist should write sentences here.
For centuries, it was thought that Venus could not be habitable without terraforming.
That woman knows where I live.
It seems that Tony bought an expensive car.
Your god—where is He now?
It is an ancient midden, presently an archaeological treasury.
I don't have the time to read this book.
I don't have the time to read that book.
It's a free newspaper.
There's something wrong with this yoghurt.
Here's a basket full of fruit.
If I knew how to use a computer, maybe they would pay me more.
He knows ten languages.
When his daughter was born, he had already been living in Nagano for seven years.
Two women sing.
Tom craves attention.
Things got weird.
Tom was livid.
All of the tree's leaves turned yellow.
They're dragging their heels.
My daughter is getting married in June.
My daughter will get married in June.
Mary is a woman of dubious virtue.
They didn't know what to do with him.
The country is headed on the wrong track.
The country is heading in the right direction.
This rule can be read in two different ways.
He discussed the problem with his son.
Whoever doesn't know a foreign language doesn't know their own.
Can it really be this bad?
At low temperatures, water turns to ice.
This book costs dollars.
If I was your boyfriend, I never let you go.
Do you know why he wasn't at school?
Ken is a good swimmer.
She heard someone calling for help.
He is a true gentleman.
I work as a consultant.
We had no drinking water.
We had no potable water.
They say there are ghosts in this old house.
My grandfather cannot walk without a walking stick.
Her house was sold for ten thousand dollars.
He's poor, but he has a good soul.
Tom fell in love with Linda.
I always get up at o'clock in the morning.
I get up at o'clock every morning.
They try to offer something for everyone.
The wide range of products on offer really means that there is something for everyone.
That's a long way to go for work!
We didn't understand anything you said.
I wonder where that child went.
As I thought, it seems to have been an impolite question.
Ann has lots of friends.
A "soroban" is a type of Japanese abacus.
Farmers are very busy during the harvest.
You don't understand how fortunate the country you live in is.
Winter is the coldest season in a year.
Constantly blowing his nose in allergy season.
I feel like holding hands now would be incredibly boorish.
The paper was beginning to peel off the walls.
The cut is no longer weeping and is starting to heal.
They watched her gradually weaken as the disease progressed.
His hopes faded.
His visits became less frequent as time passed.
"Why me?" "Because, by process of elimination, there was no other choice."
Let's get along.
Your mother will repeat it to you as many times as necessary.
She has always repeated that she is innocent.
The Mongolian dinosaur was sold in New York for a million dollars.
This proposition is demonstratively false.
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen.
You had better invite them or they will be offended.
He isn't supposed to come here.
The earrings are very pretty.
Justin is feminine.
I want a room with a shower.
Ken can swim well.
I spent my vacation in a foreign country.
I want to see everything!
The stakes are high.
It's a tempest in a teapot.
Tom got special treatment.
He was dead wrong.
There's blood in the water.
This would be a mistake.
It was just the beginning.
Tom worked all night.
Tom is an autodidact.
Good to see you, Tom.
We are puppets to the gods.
Tom is deranged.
Tom is a Luddite.
There's not enough water.
That's beautiful. I love it.
Tom didn't tell everyone.
It was a complete clusterfuck.
They do not understand how mobile phones work.
Your shirt is iridescent!
I would truly appreciate your kind understanding of my reasons.
Tom is tolerant.
Again?
I have the master key.
I don't know what we will do.
I'll stay for three months in Paris.
I did the job in three days.
We can go now.
He did the work in two days.
Tom has never done anything like this before.
Tom stole his father's car.
Tom joined the Army.
Tom got her pregnant.
It didn't take you long to get here.
Mary sings in the church choir.
Tom is a fakir.
Tom is a fire swallower.
Tom is a fire eater.
Tom is sitting by the campfire.
Tom was elected class president.
Tom has not slept for two days.
The suspect is armed and dangerous.
Tom is the happiest person in the world right now.
Jakov's mother gave birth to a most creative and positive being.
I wanna destroy YouTube.
YouTube is a scam site.
YouTube is the source of fame of brand new stupid singers like Justin Bieber.
Is hacking youtube a crime?
Tagalog has artistic value, like a carved Pacific Islander statue, Mr. and Mrs. Matsuo opine.
The end of something is not necessarily the "butt"; it could be the "tail" or the "feet."
The strange man in the strange land says that the future of the world is the Philippines.
Whether I be rich or poor, intelligent or stupid, I have nothing to prove to you.
I bought the book for myself, not for my wife.
The doctor recommended that he take the purple pill.
The Anglophones always complained about the vowels /a e i o u/ in artificial languages. Those sounds are used because most other sounds other people cannot pronounce.
Lojban has six vowels, /a e i o u ə/ written <a e i o u y>. The last vowel is all you need for the "marshmallow effect."
Anglophones cannot pronounce the last vowel in "Volapük."
I have a Carioca accent when I speak Portuguese.
If you thought that we were "on a little planet with little peoples," you would not want to propagandize anything.
Some things are said at the end for emphasis.
He said that speaking Chinese is like eating pineapple. It makes him itchy all over.
The Earth is just a little island and we are little islanders.
In his science fiction story, everyone in China speaks Esperanto at least as a second language.
His wife is a Frenchwoman.
After breakfast, we went for a walk.
It's not possible to do two things at once.
When did you begin learning English?
When did you begin to learn English?
There is a church at the back of my house.
Suddenly it began to rain.
Tomorrow, I'm going to take my mother out in the new car.
Where is the girl studying?
He's going to climb the ladder.
She's going to buy the red sweater.
She's going to sit on the yellow couch.
I hope you have fun.
The mirror is on top of the dresser.
Inside the closet are some clothes.
There's a red candle on top of the bathroom sink.
There's a lot of dirty dishes in the sink.
No one would offer him a job.
Tatoeba was down yesterday.
The voice acting is horrible.
It's pretty incredible.
Accidents happen.
Tom had to wear a dunce cap.
Tom had a panic attack.
Tom began coughing up blood.
Tom fell and scraped his knee.
The kids are playing dodgeball.
Is this seat free?
Excuse me, but would you mind if I opened the window?
I would like to check yesterday's stock prices...
Have you ridden on an express train lately?
Have you been on an express train recently?
How many brothers do you have? How many sisters do you have?
Are there still some empty seats?
Mr. Tanaka, do you have any stock?
Are any seats still available?
Are you free on Wednesday?
It's a pretty smart decision.
I have work on Wednesday.
Such things happen all the time.
Tom is running around like a headless chicken.
Have you played Minecraft?
Where's the catch?
Is he just a one-trick pony?
Tom is claustrophobic.
Mary is fascinating and mysterious.
I'd need a whole eternity to explain everything.
The effectiveness of this method was confirmed by the experiences of many people.
The effectiveness of this method was confirmed by many people's experiences.
The plot twists were predictable.
You're not the only one.
None of this makes any sense to me.
I won't tell you.
You will never defeat me!
Mary works in a massage parlor.
That's a famous mountain.
Drugs can ruin your life.
Tom is wearing suspenders.
Tom is wearing braces.
Mary has braces.
They don't really care.
Tom vomited blood.
They need to change their mindset.
Tom has dual citizenship.
I'm still riveted by day-long sports.
That way if there are any fire drills in the morning I can deal with before the call.
I never laid a finger on her.
My parents know about it.
You get used to it.
Don't ask too many questions.
Why are you so insecure?
Tom loves horses.
We went there for a week.
There is no going back.
Tell that person where my house is.
You yourself need to learn how to drive a car.
She read all my books on her own.
She read all my books by herself.
You guys suck.
The damage has been done.
Tom is just warming up.
Tom has been embezzling money from the company.
Do you have any idea why Tom disappeared?
Tom is rather weak.
Mary is a pole dancer.
Yes, I really like him.
Tom respects his elders.
Tom is a kind and obedient man.
Women seem to like him for some reason.
Tom is a heavy drinker.
Hello? Are you still there?
Nowadays, few ordinary city dwellers ever use the word "wattle".
She wants you to learn how to read.
Now it's time for the weather forecast.
As it got colder, I began to want a sweater.
If I had the money, I would immediately purchase this computer.
Before long, it'll be cold again.
In that country, people thought that Market Capitalism was the natural order.
In that country, people worshipped money like a god.
Today, Tokyo will get very cold.
He always feels cold because he does not have enough fatty layering on his body.
The weather will be clear, followed by clouds later on.
He said that he had Eskimo ancestry.
He loved looking at grey sky with the sun peeking through the thick clouds.
They said that he was a talkative, noisy Oriental.
They made money by selling drugs into the huge market.
Depending on your location, there's a chance of snow.
The profit from drugs they used for buying lots of real estate.
He advocated State Capitalism over Market Capitalism.
Money is everybody's problem in a Market Capitalistic economy.
The family never had enough money for vacations.
The family tried to save money by scrimping on food to the detriment of their own health.
She said that her life was so boring. It figures because all she did was watch TV all day.
He murders English.
He speaks English like a Spanish cow.
To work in medicine, you should have a vocation on it.
The farmers had brought five oxen and nine cows and twelve little sheep to the village; they wanted to sell them.
Today the people are all out in the field mowing.
Go ahead, the brown dog won't do you any harm.
I drove back there with the people, over the meadow into the grain.
The words 'small' and 'little' are synonyms.
What kind of little birds are sitting up there on the little wall?
Our neighbor has broken a rib.
That looked bad.
Now he's standing right in the doorway and wants to go in the church.
We still have to turn the hay and chop wood.
Our ladder is broken in two.
I can't lift the sack either.
Girl, come forward!
We still have to look for the hook.
I'll light your way home for you.
Mary considered herself unworthy of the affection Tom offered her.
I speak only the truth.
The lovers exchanged numerous letters.
When the lion roars, the zebras tremble.
"I have a very sweet husband," said Mary.
The poor rabbit, terrified, whimpered in the hands of its owner.
Elephants trumpet when they are scared and when they are angry.
My cat purrs with pleasure when I pet it.
In a scary scene, it never fails that there is either an owl hooting or wolves howling under the full moon.
The pig snorted while rooting around in search of truffles.
Peter succeeded in finding the lost sheep thanks to its bleating.
At sunset, the crickets begin to chirp and the fireflies light up the night.
The prancing chestnut mare neighed as she tried to get rid of the rider.
The prancing chestnut mare whinnied as she tried to get rid of the rider.
On Saturday I went to the zoo, and a monkey, who wouldn't stop screeching, pulled my hair.
The rooster crows, "Cock-a-doodle-doo!" in the morning.
The cock crows, "Cock-a-doodle-doo!" in the morning.
The buzzing of the bees makes me a little nervous.
A fish bone has stuck in my throat.
I hear the storks clacking from up in the belfry.
If a wife commands, a house knows no order.
Where a woman rules, bad is the end.
I have a bowl of cereal every morning.
Go and help wash up at the sink!
Mathematics is that branch of science which you could continue to pursue, even if you were to get up in the morning and notice that the universe had disappeared.
It's even worse than it looks.
I want to dedicate this song to Tom.
I saw Tom in concert four times.
Tom was homeschooled.
Mary has no self-esteem.
He wants to reach a wider audience.
This time you went too far.
How did we reach this point?
Mary is smart and funny.
Mary has had the same boyfriend since she was eighteen.
Do you have something for me?
I want to dedicate this song to him.
She has had the same boyfriend since she was eighteen.
She has no self-esteem.
No, my name is not Maria. My name is Teresa.
They stood on the hilltop.
Now the ball is in your court!
Now let's see what you can do!
The ground rocked.
Searing pain bit through skin and muscle.
Then, she lost consciousness.
My dream is to be fluent in Chinese.
The other day I met my former neighbour in the city.
He said that Esperanto was a "Japanesque Latinate language."
State Capitalism could be democratic or authoritarian.
He believed the superstition that Christians were averse to learning.
Yesterday I dreamt everything was words.
Join the ends and we're done.
I have to peel a whole bucket of apples for a jam.
The devil is in the details.
He is wealthy, but his older embroidery is poor.
My granny spoke longingly of the halcyon days of her childhood.
She never told anyone about her secret longings.
Tom is a hero.
Tom is a firefighter.
Tom rescued the cat from the flames.
Tom is a rebel.
Tom lives in a squat.
Always arrive on time.
It makes me nervous.
I like dragon fruit.
Tom has to share a room with his brother.
Stop bugging me!
Tom is playing frisbee.
Disconnect the plug.
Guess what's going to happen if you unplug that wire.
It brings me great joy.
Everything's fine.
Weigongcun subway station has three exits.
Anteaters and aardvarks are similar.
Aardvarks are normally confused with anteaters.
I used to think that only bears hibernate, but the teacher said that turtles do as well.
It's wonderful that we're all gathered here today.
You don't eat anything.
Where's my other shoe?
Where's my other sock?
He's English.
I put the washing powder behind the bathtub.
Don't make a face like that.
Don't make that expression.
What do you think is the chance that that will happen?
I feel unwell.
One of the bullets damaged his spine.
It's lucky that his parents are so equable.
It's fairly mild for this time of year.
They traveled together.
The storm sent the temperature down.
The thermometer fell to zero last night.
The temperature today is seventy degrees Fahrenheit.
There was a drop in temperature after the rain.
Even after sunset there was little moderation in the temperature.
A large quantity of air-conditioners has been sold since the temperature is high.
The temperature has stayed hot this week.
"What would you like to drink?" "A dry martini."
She got the ticket for free.
You need to talk to Tom.
His English is better than mine.
It's dark in here.
We went to the video store.
Tom lives in a rough neighborhood.
It made me laugh out loud.
I laughed out loud.
We're being watched.
Please move back.
Nobody's perfect.
We all have our faults.
Chinese whispers is a game played around the world, in which one person whispers a message to another, which is passed through a line of people until the last player announces the message to the entire group.
Our memory is like a sieve, as we forget almost half of what we have learned within the first twenty minutes.
You can improve your learning results by repetition.
Can you come pick me up?
Bring a bucket of apples.
This is exactly what I've been looking for.
Does he have a doctorate ?
Ing, lover of the reigner, a too-grand tourin' leads / In clover, of th'arena to Grand To'er, in Leeds.
Gall, lover of the Queen, went - magnanimous tour - / Gallantly from the arena to the Tower Grande, in Nîmes.
This is true love.
Thank you for sharing!
Mary is now studying in her room.
Are you home alone?
Have you ever eaten purple-yam ice cream?
You want to eat nata de coco, right?
I'm horrified.
I am horrified.
I've heard that Tony bought an expensive car.
Medicine containers should be kept out of reach of children.
The French monarchy seemed invincible; however, it was overthrown.
I only have a few books.
I'm making coffee.
This lemonade tastes too sweet.
Is there a garden in front of the house?
I don't drink wine.
We played and laughed.
I'm going to Berlin to visit my friend.
Close the door and open the window!
The book is for me; the flowers are for us.
I use a flashlight to illuminate dark areas.
I know that some people appreciate my work.
No one will lay a finger on you as long as I live.
No one will go through this door as long as I live.
Her results last year were lackluster.
I don't know the way home.
Don't trouble trouble until trouble troubles you.
Don't try to walk before you can crawl.
Mirabelles are equally delicious in a compote.
Mirabelles are also delicious when pureed.
Love doesn't forgive.
Cows are large and their horns are long; sheep are small and their horns are short.
Horses don't have horns; cows and sheep have horns.
That was an eagle owl.
I have not yet seen a Northern Shoveler duck.
I joined the navy.
He's a movie buff.
Tom was an unathletic child.
That's what you think.
Sure, why not?
People always make fun of me when they find out I'm colorblind.
I have no desire to try.
How late does the train run today?
I can't eat more.
Who is your favorite rock singer?
The common fish swims beautifully.
I love rabbits ... with French fries and a good glass of wine.
I love rabbits ... with chips and a good glass of wine.
Did you see that small mouse?
On Sunday he often went fishing.
This is not a pipe.
This isn't a pipe.
Don't you want to study?
There is a bench on the balcony.
I'm staying over at my friend's place.
It's hectic at my place. How about we go back to your place and watch the game there?
Humanity is rapidly destroying the Earth's environment.
The oceans are turning acid.
Once a species goes extinct, it's gone forever.
We are overfishing the world's oceans.
My friend only eats organic food.
It's simple and intuitive.
No one seems to care.
It calms me down.
These politicians are corrupt.
Companies are less loyal to their workers.
I was astonished.
From to he lived in Lebanon.
It isn't just for show.
It's the biggest house in the neighborhood.
That's my mom's chihuahua.
The Van Horn family was wealthy.
The Van Horn family was affluent.
The Van Horn family was prosperous.
Tom and Mary went to the Luna Park.
I need to get out of here.
I need to keep my eyes open.
He didn't want to leave.
The experiment seemed to be going well.
I'm going to jump.
This is the lover's lane.
I showed him who's boss.
I'm glad that makes you happy.
Whatever floats your boat.
Remain seated, please.
They were caught off-guard.
He is considered the prime suspect by the police.
Why stop at a kiss?
Tom was the subject of numerous jokes.
He died before the ambulance arrived.
I'm not proud of that.
That will please my father.
I ran into a deer.
I never asked for it.
I'll never see him again.
He was transported to a local hospital.
He was crushed to death.
The man leapt to his death.
He never fully recovered from his injuries.
Tom was stabbed with a knife.
Mr Yamada, there's a call for you.
Mr Yamada, there's a phone call for you.
Last night I threw up.
Last night I barfed.
Last night I lost my cookies.
Last night I woofed my cookies.
Last night I blew chunks.
Last night I hurled.
Last night I ralphed.
Last night I tossed my cookies.
Last night I lost my lunch.
Last night I prayed to the porcelain god.
It used to be nearly impossible.
I think we're all a bit loco.
Last night I chundered.
I think we're all a bit cuckoo.
That question naturally invited discussion.
That problem naturally invited discussion.
That question naturally invited debate.
I want this fruit.
I want that fruit.
I don't want any fruit.
Interestingly, Hogwarts Quidditch players are allowed to use whatever broomsticks they like or their sponsors can afford, despite the fact that more expensive brooms often confer great (and arguably unfair) advantages in speed and manoeuvrability.
Insanity is relative. It depends on who has who locked in what cage.
There was always a minority afraid of something, and a great majority afraid of the dark, afraid of the future, afraid of the past, afraid of the present, afraid of themselves and shadows of themselves.
Mysteries abound where most we seek for answers.
Few things are harder to put up with than the annoyance of a good example.
It usually takes me more than three weeks to prepare a good impromptu speech.
Usually Tom uses a fleshlight for self-satisfaction.
We have been friends.
We've been friends.
I am a radio ham.
I haven't been able to think about anything else since Saturday night.
I tried to install a new browser.
She knows she is wrong, it's just that she doesn't want to admit it.
Bees are social animals.
I'll lend you the book as soon as I'm done reading it.
Ants, termites and bees are social animals.
Buckminster Fuller is famous for the geodesic dome.
Krishna is the Supreme Personality of Godhead.
I went to bed at midnight.
One day he will return to Japan.
He criticised the destructive power of financial markets.
We have talked about them.
My maternal grandfather was a murderer.
How dare you!
It's all custom made.
It has its benefits.
Tom is hard at work.
It was a bold decision.
He will be delighted to see you.
It will be very, very hot.
He will wait.
You're being silly.
You need to sit down and rest.
It hasn't been done before.
It makes sense now.
Look at the size of that thing!
I'll put you out of your misery.
Don't leave me here.
You're just comforting yourself with a fantasy!
I certainly didn't think of it!
Is that sarcasm?
At least you pulled a guy.
You look so keen.
Unfortunately, it's not a photomontage!
Sadly, it's not a photomontage!
Tell me it's a photomontage!
I couldn't believe it.
I have understood what you mean.
This news makes me sad!
I hope it is an old photograph or a very beautiful photomontage.
I hope it is an old picture or a very beautiful photomontage.
Excellent!
Don't forget that we'll play a very special acoustic show.
The instructor advised me to exercise every day.
None of my students failed.
He knows neither of his two brothers.
Who are you, how did you come here, and why?
I wish to talk to your daughter.
I sell rice in bulk or packed in kilogram bags.
I am not sure.
We have finished talking about the exercise.
I've galloped for three days only to tell you that I could not care less for you.
This is private property.
It's been so many years.
We'll soon find out.
You'll find out soon enough.
They abandoned the ship.
He couldn't help himself.
Let's be happy.
I want to try it.
He's out of town.
Why don't we go check it out?
Tom grew up in a loving home.
It didn't work out.
They'll be very afraid.
I thought you would understand.
We were outnumbered.
They're coming for me.
Tom discovered the secret of life, but he won't tell me.
He won't tell me what happened.
It's too late for them.
It's too late for me.
This is my last offer.
Tom went berserk.
Will he ever change?
I'm highly impressed.
It's very dry.
This is a good suggestion.
This will not be tolerated.
When children play Go, they use a board with 5xor 7xlines.
Are you for real?
What I want isn't tea, but coffee.
It's still in good condition.
The streets are clean.
Tom is going to the festival.
You're afraid?
Let us agree to disagree.
One of Jesus' disciples was named Paul.
When I saw the sight, tears came into my eyes.
Kids want to play.
Give me an orange.
Would you call me for your wedding party?
I will have some vacation days.
Stop saying trifles! Focus on the main point.
He is spare in words.
Erase to the start of discourse or text; drop the subject or start over.
That's the spirit!
I want to ask him for his phone number.
I want to ask what his phone number is.
What he did really shows the right spirit!
Admittedly, it wasn't the best meal I've ever eaten.
His failure to observe traffic regulations resulted in a serious accident.
Mary smiled, but her voice had some irritation in it.
They spoke of their high exam grades with understandable pride.
My brother may have acute appendicitis, in which case he’d have to have an operation.
The jobless became desperate for work – any work that would help them to support their families.
We know that a cat, whose eyes take in much more light than human eyes, can see clearly at night.
She took Chinese medicine, which relieved her symptoms.
He survived an accident last year, but still drives recklessly.
Computers seem to play the role of the human brain, so they're often called "electric brains".
Modern healthy eating experts put emphasis on eating wholemeal bread and eating more vegetables.
Over the past ten years, people have become increasingly aware that they need to change their eating habits.
The journalist wanted to write an article that would draw public attention to the issue.
I tried in vain to deal with the problem.
We love this working class.
The puppy wants to sleep.
Tom likes cockfighting.
There's a cockfight in the courtyard.
Cockfighting is banned in many countries.
This guy is great.
It really hits the nail on the head.
C# is similar to Java.
That's where we'll go.
Is it true that you gamble?
He frequents the company of wicked women.
This is a great book.
The more you play, the better you'll get.
You are my hero.
The night is upon us.
Isn't that true?
It's such a pain in the ass.
They saved us.
I did it in a couple of days.
Tom shot himself in the head.
It's still warm.
We better tell the others.
It's incredibly powerful.
I can defeat any chess player.
Nobody does that.
We just have to do it.
There's no way to win.
The answer is yes.
The answer is no.
Everyone needs to work together.
We all need to work together.
Is there place for this box in the van?
Humans have five senses: sight, hearing, touch, taste and smell.
He probably meant that people go to demonstrations just to show up instead of actually protesting.
Vuvuzelas are stupid!
There are too many commercials on TV.
Thanks for warning me.
We're scared because we've heard two people are going to be fired.
I'd never leave my house in slippers.
When the night falls, dreams come to life!
Lack of inspiration is the worst enemy of creativity.
Don't you dare!
It's an amazing song!
I laughed my ass off when they told me that joke.
If you hurt him, I'll cut your balls off.
Stop lazing around and look for a job.
I don't give a damn about you and your circumstances!
We need someone with guts to do it.
I can't buy that car - it costs an arm and a leg.
Dating is exhausting.
How can I find my G-spot?
With the wig, the mustache and the glasses, nobody recognizes me.
If you want something done right, sometimes you've just gotta do it yourself.
If you want something to be done right, sometimes you've just got to do it yourself.
Bath salts are products that can be added to a bath.
We took a mud bath.
How do you know it won't break down?
Spa is a spa town.
Sweating allows the human body to regulate its temperature.
I hope it won't rain this afternoon.
What are you looking for in there?
Why didn't he stop smoking?
Take care and have a nice day.
Feeding pigeons is prohibited.
Please do not walk on the grass.
It's illegal to walk on the grass, but what about running?
How far are we going?
I was here first.
You will get the worst beating of your life.
It was dark when we reached the hotel.
Let's go to bed.
My children won't listen to me.
Why should I go?
The house is beautiful.
It was just a matter of time.
It's just a matter of time.
Hurricane Katrina devastated New Orleans.
Life is like licking honey off a cactus.
If I had not gone to India, I would have been sitting at a beach in the UK now.
Can I get you anything else?
In Rio de Janeiro, 20% of the population lives in slums.
In Rio de Janeiro, 20% of the population lives in favelas.
Germans are said to be hardworking.
Doctors save lives.
Someone has to pay the bill.
Spain will need to borrow billion euros.
I am sure that we will be very happy here.
The parents will be invited to the school celebration.
I would not be the same without you.
Without your help, I would not have succeeded.
Is there place for this box inside the van?
I had to go through hell and high water to get my driver's licence.
You have some mail.
Chin up!
For some reason he could not say the whole truth.
She didn't have a brother.
Suicide is an act of desperation.
They won.
They were victorious.
I told her that she was right.
What the hell is wrong with me?
I want to live in Curaçao.
He won't live more than one day.
He will not live more than one day.
Five years have passed since I came to Japan.
She speaks English and German.
Describe your ideal breakfast.
My daughter does her chores like an eager beaver when I promise her ice cream after she finishes.
I cannot respond to your request.
Her mother and her sister came to visit the young worker, and sometimes they spent a day with her.
Sarah's young friends were starting to be scared. Only she kept her cool and reassured her friends.
Women like men with moustaches.
Summer is coming.
I'm a member of the team.
This is how it has always been.
In hindsight, this was a mistake.
He's a world-class scientist.
My work is done.
If you can't explain it easily, you don't yet understand it.
Hello! I'm a new user.
This is the important part.
The grass always seems greener on the other side.
This man is a legend.
It's worth every penny.
Let me show you something really awesome.
I'm going to teach you a lesson.
You know the law.
It will only take a minute.
It's not real.
Do you know how to program?
It's an important step.
We must learn to walk before we can run.
Learn to walk before you run.
He's one of the best.
The police will be here any minute.
There was nothing I could do about it.
See for yourself.
I'm getting old.
It's a fine day.
It's working as intended.
There's something in here.
I'm happy you liked it.
I just came from there.
Hello there!
I will repeat it so you will not forget.
They forgot to wake me up.
Let's go to the beach!
I hate the way I look.
I need to lose five pounds.
Mary is anxious about the way she looks.
We mean you no harm.
Tonight is the night.
They all did it.
Because of the rain, we didn't play tennis outside.
Haven't you learned your lesson?
You look really good.
It looks easy when you do it.
Jorgen loves his wife.
Not this shirt, the other one.
I spurn your offer.
I can not give you an immediate answer.
It is your responsibility to bring the class together.
A small amount of brandy is added to the whipped cream.
He took the proper steps to meet the situation.
It is clear that the Americans can't even solve their own problems, so how can they possibly think themselves capable of dealing with the rest of the world's problems?
Is she healthy?
Marilla had problems with her lungs.
Can you elaborate on this a little more?
Further testing is needed.
Further testing is required.
This is pretty extreme.
This isn't a bad thing.
That's exactly how I want it.
Let me show you an example.
It doesn't sound too bad to me.
Thank you all so much.
Have you seen the uncensored version?
They're keeping it under wraps.
When I was your age, we had to walk uphill to school, both ways.
Can I see you a moment?
I know I can do it.
I know we can do it.
Tom was spot on.
His identity must be kept secret.
I've never been so proud of Tom.
Tom doesn't like math.
Math doesn't suck, you do.
I ended up winning.
I did it once.
It just came out.
I've never done that in a car.
Does it make a big difference?
I'm a little bit jealous.
I print pages.
It keeps getting harder and harder.
It's enormous!
Nature knows no boundaries.
I'm not angry at you, just very disappointed.
We will begin the match when he comes.
Christopher Columbus drank unfiltered seawater.
Catch the ball.
Mary made some egg sandwiches.
I'm going to analyze the experimental results, and write a report.
The company's president has come to a conclusion.
Selflessness is the best thing you can do for yourself.
I admire the culture and the politeness of the Germans.
There are many sentences about DNA, but none about RNA.
You have to put an adjective after "不够."
The world economy is in grave danger.
Do you speak Georgian?
Sooner or later his luck will run out.
She wants to work in a hospital.
This wall is cold.
That wall is cold.
Cast iron is an alloy of iron and carbon.
Go back to your bed.
I'll eat my breakfast and go back to bed.
We're on the same boat.
We are on the same boat.
You cannot analyse the data efficiently unless you draw a plot.
Honestly, I don't believe it is a matter of plagiarism.
Honestly, I don't believe it's a matter of plagiarism.
Did you accept his invitation?
The master's will be easier.
That's why I asked.
I'm flabbergasted to hear that from you.
I'm flabbergasted to hear that my best friend died last night in a car accident.
We are looking for you!
His house was valued at $million.
Is it possible?
Check back later today for the answer!
"As soon as I introduced it to a new companion, my goldfish started to kiss it all over" - "Is it a he or a she ?" - "Dunno" - "It kinda came out, then..."
I saw a cat on the roof.
Example sentences are the future.
I confess my translation is not perfect.
Can anyone recommend for me a good monolingual German dictionary?
I'm paid biweekly.
We dreamed of five thousand subscribers but instead succeeded with a mere tenth of this number.
Tom helped Mary move the furniture.
Simplify your life. Take advice from native speakers.
There is some truth in that.
There won't be a next time.
Since experts have been unable to translate the ancient text, museum officials are asking the public to take a crack at it.
I enjoy playing chess.
It is not far from the hotel.
I didn't bring my wedding ring with me.
I'm not as lucky as you.
I haven't all that experience.
I have nothing to do.
I have nowhere to spend the night.
I have nowhere to stay.
I have no home.
I rushed out to see what was going on.
You have a feather on your coat.
You have a feather on your hair.
I don't know what happened, but there are feathers all over the place.
They didn't take credit cards, and we had to leave the place.
I don't care who you are, I care about what you do.
He ran past me.
I ran past them.
They didn't take credit cards.
We were having fun until you came.
The kids are having fun.
They're on commercials.
"Don't wait for me." "I wasn't going to wait for you."
It's a cruel world.
That's an obsolete model.
How does the Internet work?
There are windows on the floor, and doors on the ceiling.
Any questions about the assignment?
If I die, I want to die where nobody ever finds me.
How many books can I borrow?
If I die, I want to die a virgin.
If I die, I want to die in my house.
I'll tear a page out from that book.
Someone tore a page out from the book.
What is hell like?
Listen to how he snores.
Think of a sentence no one would ever think of. There's your contribution to entropy.
Go out and look at the blue skies.
Will you keep playing all night long?
Will you keep playing all day long?
My birthday was last week.
Get laid with me.
Come to bed with me.
Today, I'll sleep on the couch.
The guilty left hints everywhere.
We made a sand castle.
There's a spider in the bathroom.
Victory is bitter.
There is no cure for nightmares.
I know myself just as I know my nightmares.
The plague came from the swamp.
Your dreams are almost as twisted as my nightmares.
Write down each word.
Did you see his face?
Did you see her face?
Did you see their faces?
Did you see the new commercial?
Did you see yesterday's episode?
Are you going to record today's episode?
I have a present for me.
Somebody explain to me what's going on here.
Don't stop playing.
My guitar will never betray me.
I can reach higher with my voice than you with your feet.
Treacherous fire, bring relief to my torment.
I was born with twelve fingers.
I know you are left handed since you wear your watch on your right arm.
The night is my accomplice.
Night, accomplice of diseases and nightmares.
Leave the window open for a while.
Leave the dog out for a while.
You forgot to let the dog in!
You forgot to water the plants!
You forgot your backpack!
Don't forget to let the dog in.
Don't forget to water the plants.
Don't forget anything.
Do not open the box yet.
Do not open the present yet.
Your soul belongs to me.
What's more important?
What's more important to you?
What does that have to do with anything?
What's so important?
Who called me?
You'll be forever mine.
I burnt my tongue.
Count to one hundred.
We must call a cat a cat.
It's very simple.
We must not wake a sleeping cat.
Among the manufacturers of so-called consumer electronics, there's ruthless, cut-throat competition.
You are so intelligent.
Click on the link.
I'm printing pages.
I have printed pages.
What kind of plant is it?
I have to print pages.
I don't need your permission.
Tom didn't want Mary to find out.
He isn't rich, but he's happy.
I'm sorry, Tom. I'm afraid I can't do that.
I never asked for this.
All women are the same.
The Cold War ended with the fall of the USSR.
A small forest fire quickly spread and became a huge conflagration.
This candidate benefits from telemetric looks.
We'll be having a slap up lunch.
The train arrives on platform number 5.
They don't know us.
I like rice more than bread.
I like rice more than I like bread.
My school marks were average.
You look younger.
He will follow my advice.
Do you watch TV?
How much does a kilogram of pineapples cost?
Will you report everything truthfully?
The 24th of May is the Day of Slavic Writing and Culture.
Insects are arthropods.
Birds have sharp vision.
85% of foreign investors working in Kazakhstan consider it the most attractive market in the CIS.
I've always wanted to learn to cook like you.
Her face grew pale.
Her face paled.
Her face turned white.
They like to reminisce.
They like to remember old times.
I have lots of things to do.
If you're smart, you'll cash out while you're ahead.
My mother told me that if I masturbated, I'd go blind.
He kissed her goodbye and left, never to be seen again.
I wouldn't put it past him to cheat if it served his interests.
Now we can make plans to see each other!
Fish food is used in fishing.
I quit playing soccer.
I quit playing football.
I quit playing the bass guitar.
I quit playing the drums.
I quit playing the guitar.
In autumn, the moon is very beautiful.
In the name of the Brazilian president, Luiz Inacio Lula de Silva, Claudio Soarez Rocha expressed admiration for the continuing effort which Esperanto-speaking people throughout the world are always making, for the greater spread of Esperanto. He wrote, amongst other things,"We know that in the history of mankind, there have been languages that have become intrusive as a result of political power, such as Latin, or to a certain extent French and lately, English. We very much wish, in fact, that one day Esperanto could be accepted by the majority of the nations, as a language adopted to facilitate communication without linguistic privileges."
The cylinder head of the car is broken.
How long, O Catiline, will you abuse our patience?
That's twenty dollars off your pay.
Tom lost more than a hundred pounds.
It's a no-brainer.
It was shorter than he expected.
It was shorter than she expected.
This is not what we want.
The problem should be solved.
Did you hear that?
Someone, please help me.
Let's clean this up.
Is there something we can do?
Which one should I use?
It only works on Windows.
It's a bit too complicated for me.
I did something wrong.
I think I did something wrong.
School is boring.
Where is the rubber duck?
Here's the tricky part.
Howdy folks.
Howdy folks!
You can invite other people.
My son's rubber duck is yellow.
You touched my heart.
It doesn't work yet.
Mary fell in love with a German officer.
Get ready for some action.
Stay sharp.
Stay frosty.
Good hunting.
How cool is this?
Welcome back.
It's extremely unfair.
Please help!
It's not what we want.
We've gone too far.
He inserted the key in the lock.
I cannot forgive him just because he is a child.
I am your father's spirit, doomed for a certain time to walk the night, and during the day I am confined to burn in fires, until the evil crimes I had done in my life are burnt and purged away.
Some people just want to see the world burn.
The attack on your ex-wife was pitiless. I'm satisfied that you were prepared to use extreme violence to get your revenge.
Where did you sleep last night?
The old man is angry and bitter.
No means no.
Mary was mugged on her way home.
You have no one to blame but yourself.
Women today drink as much as men.
What just happened?
I can't believe you would do that to me.
That sounds familiar.
My sister always makes fun of me.
Mary is a gold digger.
She's out shopping for shoes.
Don't you have enough shoes?
Don't worry. We are well.
What the fuck is going on here?
She was completely nonplussed by his unexpected behavior.
He's bisexual.
She's bisexual.
Sea levels around the world are rising.
The ice sheets are melting.
Glaciers around the world are melting.
Tom is a glaciologist.
Spain was ruled by a dictator until 1975.
Tom is a Francophile.
French was the language of diplomacy.
Most people can't tell the difference.
Tom is an audiophile.
It's actually very fun!
I feel good after a workout.
I feel good after exercising.
Let's celebrate!
It is bisexual.
You've got to try this.
How happy I am today!
It's always disappointing when you lose a match on penalties.
As a team, we are disappointed. We should have won the game.
Even though we lost the game, I have to say that we played the better football.
I think he is very qualified for the job.
Tomorrow I'm going to visit my mother in the hospital.
I hate to be alone at home on the weekends.
Please don't ask stupid questions. It's ridiculous.
The manager will be out of the office all morning so call him back in the end of the day.
Nobody has enough knowledge to adjust this equipment like John did.
Susan will be ready to the party in one hour and will need someone to pick her up.
He has already told the police what happened.
I have eaten a lot this morning.
Unfortunately he has already left.
Are you pleased with the results?
Is your brother a ski instructor?
He works as a ghost writer.
Money influences everything.
My friend who lives in England will come to Brazil next week and will stay five months expecting to get a good job here.
That's actually pretty cool.
I was on my knees.
Get on your knees.
Gardening is fun.
He has never spoken with your supervisor since the day that he was hired.
Nature is awesome.
Nature is scary.
When did Susana get back?
My friends prefer to travel by car than by plane.
Everyday I go to work by car but I'm wondering to rent an apartment close my job.
She has lent me a new CD of a very good Brazilian band called Tinastacia.
I will buy drinks for you all.
He spoke to me when he saw me.
Unfortunately, our team didn't win like we expected.
Don't get so nervous. There is plenty of time to answer all the questions.
I will make some tea.
He made the coffee too strong.
Listening to my neighbor's music at three o'clock in the morning makes me wake up in a very bad mood.
The most famous painting in the exposition depicted a starry sky with bats flying over it. It was a little sinister.
The sad part is that nobody will ever know.
When I saw you, I thought you were the most ugly thing I'd ever seen in my life.
Believe it or not, there are people who like this stuff.
The sculptor said the work represented a window to the sky, but to me it looked like a senseless twisted piece of metal.
Her insistence was right. She did not need to feel ashamed.
I was coming home from some place at the end of the world, about three o'clock of a black winter morning, and my way lay through a part of town where there was literally nothing to be seen but lamps.
I got into that state of mind when a man listens and listens and begins to long for the sight of a policeman.
All at once, I saw two figures: one a little man who was stumping along eastward at a good walk, and the other a girl of maybe eight or ten who was running as hard as she was able down a cross street.
The two ran into one another naturally enough at the corner; and then came the horrible part of the thing; for the man trampled calmly over the child's body and left her screaming on the ground.
It sounds nothing to hear, but it was hellish to see.
He was perfectly cool and made no resistance, but gave me one look, so ugly that it brought out the sweat on me like running.
But there was one curious circumstance.
That organization is corrupt to the core.
You know I hate you for this!
After skiing, relaxing in a hot spring bath can get one fully warmed up.
The chair is made of wood.
It's freezing out here!
I had taken a loathing to my gentleman at first sight.
I knew what was in his mind, just as he knew what was in mine; and killing being out of the question, we did the next best.
We told the man we could and would make such a scandal out of this as should make his name stink from one end of London to the other.
If he had any friends or any credit, we undertook that he should lose them.
And all the time, as we were pitching it in red hot, we were keeping the women off him as best we could for they were as wild as harpies.
I never saw a circle of such hateful faces; and there was the man in the middle, with a kind of black sneering coolness — frightened too, I could see that — but carrying it off really like Satan.
If you choose to make capital out of this accident, I am naturally helpless. No gentleman but wishes to avoid a scene. Name your figure.
Today is a very exciting day.
My friends don't know where I am.
I'm completely wrecked.
It's a sequel.
I can't predict the future.
Now I'm sad.
All the stones have been moved.
There's a crop circle in the field.
He was fully clothed.
She was fully clothed.
This changes everything.
Mary is a hot girl.
She's hot.
I'm going to sleep.
I'm going to make you an offer that you can't refuse.
I'm going to a monster truck rally.
We didn't learn anything.
Which one will they choose?
Which one will you choose?
Which one will he choose?
Which one will she choose?
As it is the wedding of my younger brother I have no other choice but to attend it.
Since it is the wedding of my close friend I have to attend it.
It was a huge success.
Try to make it last a little longer.
Keep trying.
Invite him over to watch a movie.
Invite her over to watch a movie.
Are we just friends?
That is the worst thing you can do!
That's the worst thing you can do!
Why don't we take some time to think about it?
We had to react quickly.
According to a survey, billion people are suffering from poverty in the world.
There's nothing nefarious going on here.
He's open-minded.
She's open-minded.
I'm sorry. I hadn't realized.
My enemy's enemy is my friend.
May the Force be with you.
May the Force be with you!
Your English is flawless.
It hasn't rained for two months.
I'm colorblind. I can't tell red from green.
You're a lie.
According to a survey, thousand million people are suffering from poverty in the world.
I'm going to live my life, with or without her.
I totally feel like this right now.
This is my drug!
My father left for China.
Mr. Straddle called me aside.
Did you buy the medicine?
What did the doctor tell you?
I have to go to the doctor today.
Do you know any good doctor?
I don't think there is a doctor here.
I didn't find a single doctor.
My ear was bleeding this morning.
What have you done to your ear?
Did you find a doctor?
I haven't found a doctor yet.
She looks exactly the same as she was at school.
His life has completely changed when he married her.
Who would have thought Tom would change?
This town hasn't changed a bit since the 1970's.
I should have known they would betray me.
I don't know much about you.
I don't know much about your family.
I don't want to be alone all my life.
They call this planet 'Earth'.
You don't know anything about me.
I don't know anything about the future.
Everything is going too fast.
Maybe it's not going to last.
Could you show me how to start this machine?
Why did you draw a face on the wall?
They changed it very recently.
Tom took a bad fall.
The zone above 8000m is known as the death zone.
The old system works.
It may be the last time.
This patient is suffering from hypoxia.
Are we alone in the universe?
We did not evolve from monkeys. We share a common ancestor.
It's market day.
There's something about Mary.
It's all about technique.
Nice job, man!
It was a bad idea.
The special effects are excellent.
When did you start smoking?
Mount Everest is also known as Qomolangma.
The first step to correcting a mistake is patience.
A true heart should never be doubted.
What keeps you awake at night?
Believe in yourself or no one else will.
Mary went to the beauty salon to get a manicure.
Who in the rainbow can draw the line where the violet tint ends and the orange tint begins? Distinctly we see the difference of the colors, but where exactly does the one first blendingly enter into the other? So with sanity and insanity.
The pitfalls of easy generalization are to be avoided.
I should be so lucky!
Let's start the week with a good swim!
Which is the book we're talking about?
We work from dawn until dusk.
You won't be selling anything if you don't lower the price.
Hopefully, you will come back.
"Granny, what kind of berries are these?" "Black currants." "But why are they red?" "Because they are green."
"Do you need a T-shirt?" "Yes, a red one."
Ken is tall, I am not.
Love is the light of our lives. The marriage brings us the note.
Bill, Bill! How do you feel?
I wanted to do it, but could not.
This meal would be enough for three.
We can travel through time. And we do it with an incredible rate of one second per second.
I don't have sugar with my coffee.
I completely forgot about that.
She always says no.
I want to have nothing to do with you.
Do you really believe that this guy is a magician?
You left the door open.
Do you really want to know what happened?
I can't tell you what happened.
No one knows what happened.
What about you? Do you trust this man?
I think Tom knows things that we don't.
I have always trusted her.
Did you find anything in the room?
Why don't you come to the party with us?
I know a lot about you.
We can talk here. No problem.
I can't explain everything now.
You will need time to understand.
You came here because you wanted to know the truth.
I would like to visit the Great Wall this year.
Do you know how I can get there?
Are the Niagara Falls far from your town?
You can go there directly by bus or by train.
It seems to be a lynx.
He's a bit naive.
She's a bit naive.
I didn't really want to win.
I have done everything I was supposed to do.
Many people are upset.
I liked your picture.
I liked your photograph.
What a dick!
That guy is a douche.
Nobody saw it coming.
That sentence doesn't exist in any song.
That sentence does not exist in any song.
Making a trip by plane, you must first check in at the airport. You get a boarding card which shows that you are accepted for a certain flight and indicates the number of your seat.
The assembly is really easy because most of the parts just snap into place.
It's a work in progress.
It's not as easy as people think.
He's a freshman.
He's a sophomore.
He's a senior.
I've stopped paying attention to arrogant, materialistic and unpleasant people.
It looks like he died from self-asphyxiation.
Don't panic.
Would we be something beyond our emotions?
I'm afraid to cross the street in Beijing since drivers don't respect pedestrians there.
For everything you gain, you lose something else.
I consider this to be a good initiative.
Sometimes, accepting help is harder than offering it.
If sex were a martial art, I would have a black belt.
I'm not really a talkative person. It's just that I have a lot of things to tell you.
Those who look outward dream, but those who look inward awaken.
I would therefore like to draw attention to the Report of the Committee on Invisible Members of Parliament.
Americans who love sushi are not in short supply.
Don't forget to take an umbrella.
There is nothing that can't be bought with money.
Compared to Snoopy, Charlie Brown is not well known at all in Japan.
I'm thinking that lately, maybe the students are making fun of me.
I think therefore I am.
This argument doesn't go into sufficient deep.
If I'm late again, I'm going to be fired.
I have been watching you.
I wanted to talk with you.
I wanted to meet you.
I don't know whether you are ready to see what I want to show you.
What do they want with me?
You'd better get out of there.
You must do exactly what I tell you.
Stay here for a moment.
Stay there for a moment.
Stay here a little longer.
Stay there a little longer.
How do you know all this?
Where are you hiding?
Don't be controlled by your fear.
There are only two ways out of this house.
This is insane.
I cannot let them catch me.
I cannot let them catch you.
Why is this happening to me?
I know I'm going to die.
Who said you were going to die?
I didn't do anything.
Why did they arrest him?
You are here because we need your help.
You will help us, whether you want to or not.
You think that I'm wasting my time with him.
It's obvious that you are an intelligent boy.
She put her glasses back on.
I know my rights.
I hate football.
I hate soccer.
Do you still want us to meet?
I'm in a trance-like state.
I am in a trance-like state.
I'm very reserved.
I am very reserved.
I'm very discrete.
I am very discrete.
Who told you I would help you?
We have never done it before.
He ordered them to release the prisoner.
It won't take me a long time.
Hi, friend!
Go straight, then turn right.
I'm looking for Tom.
Don't smoke in the toilet.
One of them smokes in the toilet.
He smells like a goat.
Please, tell me. I wanna know.
If Jo doesn't want to tell you, I will not tell you either.
You are not invited, so this is not your business.
You are still sick. You have to stay in bed.
I want to go with you to the movies.
This happened to me.
The doctor wants you to stay one week more in bed.
Please let me go with you.
If she goes to the theater, I'll stay at home.
We are coming.
Sleep problems are called insomnia.
We forgive him.
Having sleep problems, as you know, I woke up three times last night. So this morning I was very sleepy.
How long does it take for light from the sun to reach the earth?
What are you doing out here?
What are you doing out at this time?
Can we ride with you?
Put this shawl on.
It's easier for me to wear this dress now that I'm thin.
If you don't hurry up, you'll never get to the village.
Come on, hurry up!
Let me look at you.
Your face is dirty.
Her name is Nina?
Is this a sheep or a goat?
I'm alright.
I'm taking these sheep to the market.
Look there.
She is with Peter.
I translated this text for nothing.
I know that he is not going to pay me.
You have to pay me for all my translations.
I don't translate for free.
If you invite him, he'll probably come.
If there were no books, life would no doubt be very dull.
I will never translate something for free.
She's old enough to take care of herself.
She took the shawl off.
Where did you leave your shoes?
She likes to play with this lamb.
Don't whistle at school.
She's trying to whistle, but she doesn't know how.
Just call me Ken.
Why do you like to give yourselves foreign names?
He has a funny name.
Aren't you scared?
Why should I be scared?
What do you do with all these goats?
I'm taking these goats to the mountain.
Where are your clothes?
My clothes are there.
My clothes are down there.
My clothes are over there.
Bring me my clothes.
This must be my grandfather's house.
Take your dog away.
This is Nina, your granddaughter.
You probably don't recognize her.
The last time you saw her, she was just a tiny baby.
What do you want me to do with this little girl?
You are late this morning.
Take these goats to the mountain.
You stay with us now.
I would like to leave this girl with you.
It's about time you did your share of work.
When she starts to cry, what shall I do with her?
You won't have that problem.
I have taken care of this child ever since his parents died.
I didn't find anyone to tell me what to do.
What's this dog's name?
He has a big house on the mountain.
I want to see what you have inside your house.
Let's get inside.
Bring the rest of your luggage with you.
Where shall I put my suitcases?
Put your clothes on the bottom shelf.
They were three and they were all armed.
One of them went to hide.
There were two left.
There is one less.
Where did the other one go?
There was only one left.
There was a man sitting in the sun.
It was time for breakfast.
Tom went swimming in the river, but when he got out, his clothes had been stolen.
I'm not a professional.
He could not swim.
She could not swim.
There must be some way of traversing the river.
Beware of jellyfish.
He touched me.
Did he touch you?
We want to reach a wider audience.
Nobody tells me anything.
He ranked fourth on a total of runners.
He took part of this non-profit organisation to help make his vision of the world become reality.
I was young and stupid.
Tom took advantage of a tax loophole.
It's morally repugnant.
You will need a bodyguard.
You will need an armed escort.
I need an escort.
The issue is not settled.
Mary works for an NGO in Africa.
She runs a charity.
If it wasn't for modern medicine, I'd be dead right now.
This movie is rated PG-13.
This movie is rated R.
Why would he lie?
Why would she lie?
I live in a small fishing village.
The dancers spoke a little and only with each other.
Tom was abandoned by his parents.
The money has been put to good use.
Can you believe it?
They did not listen.
He did not listen.
She did not listen.
Protesters tried to disrupt the meeting.
You're not listening!
He agreed to give us an interview.
She agreed to give us an interview.
They agreed to give us an interview.
He was knocked unconscious.
We are not here to arrest you.
This made me cry.
The effects are reversible.
The effects are not reversible.
I used to do that as a kid.
That's not what she said.
That's not what he said.
Have you read the FAQ?
That is really good news.
I love BBQ.
I love barbecue.
Push!
The company announced hundreds of layoffs.
Keep your hands where I can see them.
Keep your hands on the wheel.
Keep your hands above the table.
Pay what you want.
I do not remember any of it.
Hypnotism works.
I was skeptical at first.
Oh, I forgot. Today is garbage day!
I had an out-of-body experience.
That's a bit of a problem.
I'd do it again.
It was horrendous.
He could die.
She could die.
A team of paramedics is standing by.
Is college worth it?
You know, when that guy drinks he changes. He keeps talking on and on, so I don't really want to drink with him.
He's out of position.
She's out of position.
Tom wants to be one of the cool kids.
This is very impressive.
I didn't expect that result.
It appears to be working.
Tom exceeded my expectations.
He acts like a rock star.
You crossed the line.
You know that feeling?
It's a bunch of nonsense.
Tom has no memory of what happened.
Buy low, sell high.
The peace we have today is the result of lengthy peace talks.
You've got to have a strong will to study something unrelated to your job after you've finished working.
I drive to work.
An enormous number of insects hatched this year, wreaking havoc on crops.
All of them are connected.
Let me stop here.
Websites collect information about you.
When you surf the web, you may be tracked by websites.
According to folktales, cats have nine lives.
I wonder if we're alone in the universe.
Have you listened to this TED talk?
They're hard to find.
One of my dreams is to study the Icelandic language.
I asked whether she could sew for me.
It's cute, and more importantly, of good quality.
That organization is corrupt to its core.
Wash your hands with a bar of soap.
Don't curse or I'll wash your mouth out with soap.
Parents think of the new generation as one that is widely removed from reality and only chasing after unfulfillable dreams.
Every rose has its thorns.
Who stole the apples?
Is it a cat or a dog?
This is Doraemon.
I am Doraemon.
Even if I try, it's no use, anyway.
'Cause I don't really change my E-mail address.
I moved to the neighborhood about two years ago.
You won't really be able to hear the difference between sounds that you can't distinguish by pronouncing, so even if you don't feel like communicating, pronunciation is important. Pronunciation can also be a hint for remembering how a word is spelled.
Well, I'll take my time.
What I want to ask is how roundabout should I be?
On Monday, his condition improved slightly.
Because you demanded that I hold your hand.
Shika are verses and 31-syllable poems.
He gave his remembering of race horse names when he was a child as the source of his language ability.
I can't give any more of an answer than that.
I would have gotten conceited.
Um...am I mistaken in some way?
Well, I thought if anyone could do it, it would be you.
Um, so you don't understand? Well, I just assigned this one specifically to you because if these problems are all too simple, anything else would be insulting to you. Remember it if you have time.
No, I just thought that since you can use an abacus, you might be good at doing calculations in your head.
Aah! Hang on a minute!
Yikes, wait a second!
The food is terrible.
It's not in my contract.
I don't want to hear it.
Hang on a minute. There's quite a few black chess pieces over there.
Oh no, there are more straight ahead!
Woof, woof, woof!
Move forward at full speed!
You're picking on someone smaller than you again!
You're bullying someone smaller than you again!
So cute!
I once had a teacher who used to throw chalk at inattentive students and those very students then had to bring it back to him.
When in a bus, I always sit at the front.
I do this work for free, simply for the pleasure of doing it.
Will you send someone go get a doctor?
I can't find my red hat anywhere.
These fish are accustomed to high pressure and to the presence of light.
He jostled me by clumsyness, not for being mean.
I told to myself that it was perfectly normal for him to be homesick.
Her name was unknown.
Would you know a cheap hotel in the near?
So as to keep himself awake, Tom drunk a few cups of coffee.
The association counts thirty members.
Let's relax a little.
Nobody has been forgotten and nothing has been forgotten.
I know he's still in love with you.
I'm still in love with him.
Who would you like to fall in love with?
What is hemoglobin?
What is haemoglobin?
So you're politicians, right?
Affirmative, sir.
Give me the ball!
I drink a bottle of Coke for breakfast. Is that healthy?
We must fix this.
Many children at this school are malnourished.
He has holes in his clothes.
These girls are wearing skimpy clothes.
They rely on the foodbank.
Sometimes adults behave like children.
It doesn't have to be like this.
It gets worse.
Tom is a recluse.
He's dating my daughter.
Some countries suffer from “the curse of natural resources.”
Norway is the richest country in the world.
Africa is the poorest continent.
You must work hard to succeed.
Tom suffers from asthma.
Where do babies come from?
This is due to conservation of angular momentum.
If you're not paying for something, you're not the customer; you're the product being sold.
Evil isn't born, it is taught.
The path to evil may bring great power, but not loyalty.
He who surrenders hope, surrenders life.
Several animals escaped from the zoo.
They met in high school.
He who seeks to control fate shall never find peace.
Would you do it?
I feel bad for him.
I feel bad for her.
I feel bad for them.
I feel bad for that guy.
Adaptation is the key to survival.
Anything that can go wrong will.
Without honor, victory is hollow.
Without humility, courage is a dangerous game.
Don't trust, don't be afraid, don't ask!
In for a penny, in for a pound.
I do need a vacation!
Be slow in choosing a friend, slower in changing!
It's not what you think!
I don't think they heard us.
The house is well insulated.
I got what I needed.
My room's a little messy.
It's what we expected.
This just happened to me.
I throw myself on the mercy of the court.
Write carefully and legibly.
He would give an arm and a leg for that.
A horse is an equine.
I can't put up with this man anymore
The cellphone came with several applications already pre-installed.
Mother will be furious for sure!
Don't push it too far!
He wrote this book as he was twenty years old.
Is this Arabic ? - No, this is Uighuric, a language spoken in North-West China.
I would have bought this watch if it wasn't this expensive.
I am almost scared to talk with you.
We are planning to organise a party for M. Osa next summer.
Ken already went to England.
This elderly person said something.
The largest part of my life is already gone.
Do not give up and keep writing.
I would like to discuss about the price with you.
Would you have a suggestion?
Your house is my house.
Green tea is said to have great properties.
Nowadays, this is not like this anymore.
Without wearing a tie, you won't get in here!
As you say, there are cases where "iu" is replaced by "ossharu".
This will require a huge investment of time and money.
Revenge is a confession of pain.
This chapter of the book describes the crime as seen by the criminal.
Trading with Japan is not easy.
In a general maner, one can say that the learning method suited for a particular student is not suited for another student, in such a way that the efficiency of the learning method relies mostly on the modification of the ranking of the students.
Choose what is right, not what is easy.
Most probably every one of us has already experienced difficulty with language, for example when on a trip abroad.
The most dangerous beast is the beast within.
I found the Japanese sentence weird, but since it was written by a native, I thought that it was probably correct.
We asked experts to make an unbiased study on the linguistic problems experienced in the framework of international communication.
The reader will quickly realise that my analysis is precise and that her results are reliable.
Brothers in arms are brothers for life.
The one who reads this report obtains all statements that are necessary to be able to check the facts by himself.
Maybe he is Italian or Spanish.
The boat sunk and everyone died.
In the last weeks, there has been some strong storms.
No one knows whose corpse that was nor where it came from.
A cloud passed the sun.
The war is not inevitable.
"Peace is evitable", said the old general.
When a cloud passed in front of the sun, I felt chilly in my wet clothes.
Do you know where exactly Hannibal crossed the Alps?
I'll pass the information to our sales department.
Maybe Tom did the right thing for the wrong reason.
What are the rules of engagement?
I've heard enough.
Come here boy.
The cat scared me.
I don't see what's wrong with that.
All the other kids do it.
There's nothing wrong with it.
Have you tried it?
We're trying to have a serious discussion here.
The quieter you become, the more you are able to hear.
The world feels so empty, when one only sees mountains, rivers and cities. But realising that there are people here and there, who could match with us, who we live with silently : that changes this earth in a living garden.
Walking is nice.
Tom got the scholarship.
You have my word.
I'm not a soldier.
I'd rather be at home.
Dad knows what he's doing.
The nightlife is better in New York.
I need some cash.
No criminal charges will be filed against you.
I'm going to study my ass off.
Close your eyes! Tom is walking around naked.
Watch the rear.
Watch the front.
Watch the rear. I'll watch the front.
What's that picture inside your locker?
Tom threw a big party at his house while his parents were on vacation.
Tom threw a big party at his house while his parents were away on vacation.
It was the best party ever.
Everyone is going to be there.
That's so rad.
That was totally rad.
The neighbors called the police.
Take his car keys.
Just tell him the truth.
You should ask your parents for permission.
Ask your parents for permission.
Stop staring at her breasts!
Treat her with respect.
Be polite, but firm.
His parents were furious.
My parents were furious.
Show me everything.
What do you think of when you look at this photo?
Tell me who they were talking about.
He is taking an advanced course in Esperanto.
Do you want me to teach you?
Do you want me to teach you some swear words?
Have you ever been kissed before?
What can you teach me?
I tried, but I did not succeed.
She took hold of my hand to teach me.
You must teach me what you know.
You must kneel at my feet, kiss my hand and swear that I am an angel.
What will become of me?
What will become of the child?
The game's almost over.
This is a frightening place.
The boss is very upset.
My wife is very upset.
I ain't no quitter.
Just do your best.
Your story is hard to believe.
It's not as easy as you think.
I accept your challenge.
He's a fine young lad.
Something has gone terribly wrong.
We have a lot of time.
Do you know exactly where Hannibal crossed the Alps?
Since people suffering from low-level blood sugar disorder lack the ability to suppress their emotions, they easily get frightened and angry.
Frankly speaking, I actually wanted to stay at home, instead of going out.
Oh boy, that's embarrassing.
I am disappointed that my friends are not here.
Thank you God that I'm not a Moskal.
Search and you will find!
Being alone sucks.
Taste buds are very useful.
Taste buds are needed to taste food.
Nothing is left to chance.
He's rough around the edges.
He likes to play rough.
He was at the time.
She was at the time.
The bigger boys torment the little ones.
He keeps his age a secret.
She keeps her age a secret.
He's a terrible driver.
She's a terrible driver.
Tom refused to go to the hospital.
Do you have an air conditioner?
Did you know that his wife was cheating on him with the milkman?
I suspect that his wife is cheating on him with the postman.
They're more than friends.
This is so tasty.
Where the bloody hell are you?
You're bloody well right.
Where the hell are you looking at?
What the hell are you looking at?
Size does matter.
Sometimes, size does matter.
I have to feed my cat.
I'd like a hot tea with honey.
You'll be shocked at what you can find for under a dollars!
I'd like some hot tea, please.
Tom is a gamekeeper.
He's an old plutocrat.
The service was very bad.
The waiter was insolent.
The mosquitoes are annoying.
It cost me more than fifteen shillings.
We visited Corfu.
They cast furtive glances at one another.
Not a word was said.
My wife is chaste and pious.
It's more than enough.
You're a waste of oxygen.
My name is Alex, but I prefer that you all call me Augusto.
Why was I banned?
The animals are treated well.
This image is not safe for work.
That story about an apple falling on Newton's head is most probably apocryphal.
It may save your life.
These tips may save your life.
What should I do if I'm attacked by a grizzly bear?
It's really tough.
I'm a fan of Uruguay's president.
You're missing the point.
I am not missing the point.
Look in the mirror, pal.
We're smarter than they think.
She's smarter than you think.
Very simply, because you are missing the point.
Paris will always be Paris.
The English people believes itself to be free; it is gravely mistaken; it is free only during the election of the members of Parliament; as soon as they are elected, the people become slaves; they are nothing.
An artist is a sheep that strays from the flock.
I would hope that my teachers were eager to work.
Let's have the party in peace.
Have mercy on me!
I called a cab, because it was raining.
And so one thing leads to another.
True art of life is to see the extraordinary amongst the ordinary.
Most important of all a clock has to be accurate.
I accepted the offer.
Hydrotherapy is the use of water to relieve pain and cure illnesses.
The government of this country oppresses its people.
What is the size of this district's greenery area ?
Be careful when you pass through the street's busy traffic.
You shall not marry my daughter!
Things are changing quickly.
This is very exciting.
That is very exciting.
I have not kissed her yet.
You want me to do what?
The picture is in black and white.
But wasn't it expensive?
What is he hiding?
What kind of nonsense is that?
What kind of nonsense is this?
Watch out for rowdy or drunk customers.
It's dirty work.
It's dirty work, but someone has to do it.
I don't want to do your dirty work.
Run for it!
Danger, danger!
God gave you a penis and a brain, but only enough blood to run one at a time.
There's a price on his head.
There's a price on her head.
He took on more than he could handle.
She took on more than she could handle.
They took on more than they could handle.
I'll turn the power on.
It's alive.
The peach tree is beautiful when in flower.
This ingredient is used in traditional Chinese medicine.
Do you like broccoli?
She's a cutie.
I'm not sure if it's a boy or a girl.
I'm not sure if it's a male or a female.
If only I knew what those things are all about.
This winter we experienced many rainstorms.
You'll be safe here.
Tom went to a Catholic high school.
Mary went to a Catholic high school.
Don't be evil.
This is bad for the environment.
Eating meat is bad for the environment.
He is much smarter than I am.
Tom works for NASA.
Life's a funny thing.
The horse does the work and the coachman is tipped.
Tom is an unrepentant sinner.
There's no safe and effective treatment.
I can do that if you let me.
Hello, girls.
I have been looking for lemon juice all day long.
Do you know where I can find it?
We sell orange juice.
Mrs. Smith asked me to go to the city.
She made the juice by herself.
This is certainly the most delicious juice I have ever drunk in my life.
You have forgotten your change.
It's possible that the victim is wounded in the head.
Tom hit me in the head with my laptop. Now it's cracked!
How do you know this?
There is no time for explanation.
Give me your money or else I'll beat you up.
There is a window on your left.
Mary sued her own mother.
Which of the two ways do you choose?
You promised me.
You promised me to come back before summer.
Tom has fallen for Mary's trap.
It's the best I can do.
I'm grateful for what he did.
I'm grateful for what she did.
Do you like your sister?
Do you like your brother?
He called me fat.
It's not pornography, it's art.
It's not porn, it's art.
I won't allow it!
My father won't allow it.
How dare you?
There's no need for violence.
As for incomplete sentences...
Do you like this city?
This photograph reminds me of my childhood.
"I am the most beautiful tree in the garden," exclaimed the peach tree, "or even in the whole world!"
Sister, don't let this patient out of your sight.
He behaves as if he were insane.
I know I'm right.
Stop this infighting! I took you in when no one else would!
Next time I'm at the beach, I'm going to send a message in a bottle.
Spain walked rings around their opponents. The French looked sluggish.
In my country there is a shocking amount of mathematical ignorance.
My boyfriend never leaves the flat without cigarettes.
The train arrives at platform number 5.
What about you?
I like snow.
I swear I didn't see anything.
I decided to study stenography.
I never argued with my stepmother, nor she gave me the reasons.
He tried to draw the bow with all his strength and shoot an arrow far.
I am still waiting to be told what happened.
Although no one understands, I always tell the truth.
It seems like you're looking for something...
May I help you find something?
The wind still blows strongly.
"Good morning. You're late today, aren't you?" "Yeah, I got a bit caught up."
I have a very beautiful dog.
Do you like juice?
Do you want to go with me or do you prefer I call you a taxi?
I hope you have sweet dreams.
If I had the time, I would visit you with pleasure.
When you have difficulties, I will help you.
Give me back my money!
Why do you like something like that?
Instead of taking notes, I spent the whole class doodling.
Draw me a seven-pointed star.
Philip is nicer than you.
Philip is prettier than you.
I don't know exactly yet.
Please, be creative when posting new phrases on Tatoeba.
There are only food supplements in that mayonnaise!
He's my old friend.
In the worst case scenario we'll just have to look as happy as we can.
Yes, yes, of course.
This isn't Little Black is it?
Is this your family's cat?
Does this cat belong to you?
Thine eyes are as doves.
I want to visit Egypt some day.
It is necessary to know our enemies if we want to defeat them.
No problem, we can help you.
Send us what you want to translate.
This dictionary can also help you.
If you don't find a word in this dictionary, tell me and I will add it.
Thank you for agreeing to help me.
I will have a driving test tomorrow.
Tell me what you need.
This lawyer has never lost a case.
He defends everybody, whether they are rich or poor.
He moved to Istanbul with his wife.
Ken spends an increasing amount of time at work.
I refused to let her take my son.
He was accused of murdering his wife and child.
His work separates him from his wife.
His new job further separates him from his family.
He began to fall in love with his co-worker Mary.
Where did you leave your bike?
This thing seems very plausible to me.
I found him covered in blood.
I had a dream where a baby was playing with a knife.
Your lawyer should step down from this trial.
It's not music.
It is not music.
It isn't music.
Can someone explain how this always happens?
I think you're my best friend.
I think you are my best friend.
Are you an Arab?
You shouldn't hold people accountable for things they can't control.
The frogs' croaking helped me fall asleep.
He was jailed on trumped-up charges.
The suspect was holed up in an abandoned factory.
I can't hate you.
I cannot hate you.
You won everything!
A little mischief can be a good thing.
She is too young to understand that her father died.
Suddenly, the unicorn approached me majestically, touched me with its horn and... I woke up with this mark.
She says she can't play billiards, but she wins every time. It must be beginner's luck.
She's very hard to please.
She's hard to please.
She's insatiable.
She's impossible to satisfy.
He's very hard to please.
He's hard to please.
He's insatiable.
He's impossible to satisfy.
She complains about everything.
That happened to my friend.
We are worn out because we fucked all day long.
There's nothing that you can do about it.
JingXiang is so cute.
Tom is a redneck.
You take there and save inside this. Put it near that.
This dog and that fish are mine, but that bird not.
No gift is more precious than trust.
Attachment isn't compassion.
Easy isn't always simple.
In war, truth is the first casualty.
Searching for the truth is easy. Accepting the truth is hard.
A wise leader knows when to follow.
Courage makes heroes, but trust builds friendship.
Fear not for the future, weep not for the past.
If you ignore the past, you jeopardize the future.
There’s work and there’s your life’s work.
Are you still a virgin?
I don't care about that.
They might take the car.
I have two sons and two daughters.
Come lend me a hand, please!
I'm not taking a vacation this year.
That woman has had a child.
Just themselves know what they're saying.
I'm going on vacation!
That's nice you came to visit me: I'll go get a bottle of red wine from the cellar.
She looks a little young to get married.
My new laptop is thinner and lighter than my old one.
I can't buy it because I have no money.
I can't buy it because I don't have any money.
There are more than seven thousand languages in the world.
Who needs rhetorical questions?
He is similar to his father.
He is like his father.
He appeared unexpectedly after three years of absence.
Our true hope is that there exists life in other worlds.
He is homeless.
He said that Interlingua would be a practical language.
He would prefer to live in a developing country because of the exchange rate.
On the language website, he could not find the selection for Lingua Franca Nova.
He found few Tagalog books amongst the mostly English books at the Filipino bookstore.
The Ministry of Education increased the proportion of indigenous language usage in the schools.
Which peoples of Earth are curious enough to want to venture into outer space?
My neighbour thinks that people do not know what to expect in increased awareness of outer space because it could cause a paradigm shift in society.
Her education was so minimal that she could not even name the eight planets of our Solar System.
How is your religion relevant on planet Mars?
Is the concept of wanting to colonize Mars worthwhile?
Mars' equatorial radius is a factor of 0.of Earth's.
In his fantasy, Mars is like Australia.
This is not a discovery, everybody knows it!
That is not a discovery, everybody knows it!
The atmosphere on Mars is over 95% carbon dioxide.
He's a physicist working on teleportation.
Dad, do you believe in ghosts?
The mean radius of Saturn's moon Titan is a factor of 0.of Earth's.
Over 95% of Titan's atmosphere is nitrogen.
Titan's surface gravity is 0.g.
Studying the surface features of Mars is still referred to as "geography."
Titan's surface pressure is 146.kPa, whilst Earth's is 101.kPa.
If there are the smallest signs of life on Mars, it could prove the theory of Panspermia.
Astrobiologists wonder whether life outside the Earth is based on DNA as on the Earth.
Hundreds of extrasolar planets have been discovered.
The pharmaceutical company is looking for the Elixir of Life to stop the ageing process.
His uncle approved the development of human cloning.
Living in a colony on Titan, Tomas' grandson was a clone of his son, who was a clone of himself, Tomas. They were three generations of clones.
The army decided to clone hundreds of copies of the handsome, athletic man.
The handsome soldier was one of thousands of clones of himself.
I'll take you home.
He said that Raëlism was his religion.
I'd love to hold you in my arms.
I would do anything just to hold you in my arms.
She doesn't even remember me.
Clean up your own mess.
I won't forgive what you did to me.
Does money bring happiness?
He's gone senile.
That boy is in love with his teacher.
We're planting seeds.
Someone's here to see you.
I won't let anyone hurt you.
I won't let nobody hurt you.
Cut the power!
I'm not like you.
This is all your fault.
You're nothing but trouble.
Girls are nothing but trouble.
He broke my heart.
She broke my heart.
To hell with them.
It's a feel good movie.
The acting is very good.
I cannot stop it.
I cannot stop him.
I cannot stop her.
He cannot stop it.
He cannot stop him.
He cannot stop her.
He cannot stop them.
She cannot stop it.
She cannot stop him.
She cannot stop her.
She cannot stop them.
They cannot stop it.
They cannot stop him.
They cannot stop her.
They cannot stop us.
He cannot stop us.
She cannot stop us.
They cannot stop me.
He cannot stop me.
She cannot stop me.
I can't stop laughing.
He can't stop laughing.
She can't stop laughing.
They can't stop laughing.
The ring is cursed.
I can't stop it.
I can't stop him.
I can't stop her.
He can't stop it.
He can't stop him.
He can't stop her.
He can't stop them.
She can't stop it.
She can't stop him.
She can't stop her.
She can't stop them.
They can't stop it.
They can't stop him.
They can't stop her.
They can't stop us.
He can't stop us.
She can't stop us.
They can't stop me.
He can't stop me.
The Galapagos Islands giant tortoise known as Lonesome George is dead.
Lonesome George passed away.
The giant tortoise Lonesome George has died on the Galapagos Islands.
Lonesome George, the last remaining tortoise of his kind, died of unknown causes.
Lonesome George was the last giant tortoise of his kind.
Biologists released some turtles into the sea.
Giant tortoises were decimated by pirates in the 18th and 19th century.
His campaign is playing on the fears of the voters.
I don't know what I said or did to make him think that we're close friends.
I hate the sound that cellophane makes when you crinkle it.
Fingernails grow nearly four times faster than toenails.
I don't know what's going to happen.
Knock, knock. Who's there?
The stick is sticky.
I work all day long.
I don't know where to turn to.
It's a tough pill to swallow.
It's a bitter pill to swallow.
You must swallow the pill.
I have trouble swallowing pills.
It just needs a little love.
It really whips the llama's ass!
Are you circumcised?
It's just a money making scam.
My son wants to go to med school.
Here we go again.
I brush my teeth every morning.
It's about fucking time.
It's your body.
It's your body. Take care of it.
They no longer sell the product.
I like my friends.
Mary likes to bake bread.
It's not deep enough.
The story is awful.
You would never do such a thing.
I would never do such a thing.
Tom works on Wall Street.
Tom likes reality TV.
Did you have a good time in Vegas?
I don't even know him.
I don't even know her.
I don't even know them.
Why are you showing me this?
I'll teach you a lesson that you won't forget.
I'll teach you a lesson you won't forget.
You should stay away from that woman.
You should stay away from that guy.
I think my leg's broken.
You should stay away from her.
You should stay away from him.
There is no path through fire.
Music and sound are very closely related.
We've been making music from even before we began writing.
Music is a form of entertainment.
Music is a good way to fight silence.
Hares have long ears.
She wants to work at the hospital.
That's so cute.
I've got a bad feeling about this.
Nothing can stop you.
Thanks for your time.
I'm in your debt.
That's not my problem.
Ave Maria.
Do you believe in magic?
I'll be late to work.
You're the only one.
We'll make a fortune.
He's taking a nap.
She's taking a nap.
The kitten is taking a nap.
I know what I'm doing.
He knows what he's doing.
She knows what she's doing.
What a loser!
You're no fun.
Will you try this on?
Will you try this on for me?
Don't get too excited.
Please, do not get excited.
I feel so embarrassed.
Fashion is a vicious cycle.
We will meet again.
Be a good boy.
Be a good girl.
This isn't a game.
How can you be so selfish?
I haven't been sleeping well.
She's my friend.
They're capoiera dancers.
I'll play along.
I don't think he can handle the truth.
Tom isn't looking for a relationship.
Did I say something?
Did I say something wrong?
Did I do something wrong?
Did I do something?
You don't get it, do you?
I don't know your real name.
But, soft! Methinks I scent the morning air; brief let me be.
Can you tell where this is?
Do you happen to have the time?
What's happened?
It was a national scandal.
This cyclist uses EPO.
She won a medal when she was just years old.
Why pay when you can get it for free?
Is this time different?
Tom called me a party pooper because I left the party just after midnight.
I have to stop procrastinating.
I must stop procrastinating.
That which we call a rose by any other name would smell as sweet.
Is there the subtitled version?
That man is just a bigot.
I want it even without subtitles!
Nothing is written on the helicopter.
Good night, good night! Parting is such sweet sorrow, that I shall say good night till it be morrow.
I'm just a little dizzy.
I can't breathe.
Tom and Mary get along very well.
What did you expect?
The boy grabbed his sister by the legs and dragged her all over the room until she admitted defeat.
I wish she could have come.
Don't drag the table! You lift it and then you move it.
Why do you have so many handkerchiefs?
Someone help me.
Could you drop me at the bus station?
They can't do that.
She can't do that.
I can't do that.
The cat can't do that.
Finish cleaning the swimming pool and the boss will pay you.
I'm not so sure anymore.
You don't have the right to work in the meeting room.
My children are too young to eat solid food, so I make mashed food for them every day.
I'm not so sure that I like Mary as much as the first time I saw her.
This is a meeting room, it's not an office.
Who left their belongings in the meeting room?
The meeting room must be clean.
We take all the company visitors to the meeting room.
I tied a stick to the plant to straighten it.
Please, get into the meeting room.
This meeting room is small.
This meeting room is not big enough for twenty workers.
The meeting room must be able to receive all the workers of the company.
I have found a dead cockroach in the meeting room.
This is a recipe for disaster.
What would a cockroach do in a meeting room?
Don't try too hard!
What brought a cockroach to a meeting room?
Somebody has been eating in the meeting room.
It is forbidden to eat in the meeting room.
What are your measurements?
Tom is very sweet.
You leave me no choice.
That's how it started.
I broke up with him.
I broke up with her.
I think about it often.
I think about him often.
I think about her often.
I think about them often.
She's acting on her own.
He's acting on his own.
They're acting on their own.
This made me very sad.
That made me very sad.
Have you ever flown in a blimp?
It's about as easy to start a union in a Walmart as it is to start an atheist club in the Vatican.
Yesterday I was clever and tried to change the world, and today I have become wise and started with myself.
Don't look into the abyss. Otherwise, the abyss will gaze into you.
Love comes in all shapes and sizes.
The future has many paths - choose wisely.
Fear is a great motivator.
Those who enforce the law must obey the law.
When destiny calls, the chosen have no choice.
Only through fire is a strong sword forged.
Crowns are inherited, kingdoms are earned.
A person's true value can't be seen by the eyes.
Where is the meeting room?
This company doesn't even have a meeting room.
Where do you hold your meetings?
And you call this a meeting room?
A lot of pictures are hung in the meeting room.
Please, don't forget to close the door of the meeting room.
There is somebody in the meeting room.
There is a stranger in the meeting room.
I forgot my phone in the meeting room.
Did you find my phone in the meeting room?
Who is working in the meeting room?
When you leave the meeting room, please, switch off the light.
Why did you leave the light on in the meeting room?
I don't want anyone smoking in the meeting room.
I thought there was somebody in the meeting room.
Take this chair to the meeting room.
Take this chair back to the meeting room.
This chair belongs in the meeting room.
There are not enough chairs in the meeting room.
Our meeting room is dirty. It's a shame.
Don't leave any computer in the meeting room.
Wait for me in the meeting room.
I waited for an hour in the meeting room.
I had that test in the meeting room.
In our head office, we have two meeting rooms.
This meeting room has three doors.
Our meeting room has no windows.
Take some bottles of water to the meeting room.
The shy Chinese cleaner brought us tea in the meeting room.
I saw many signs written in Chinese in the meeting room.
I had my job interview in the meeting room.
This is the meeting room but there are almost no meetings held here.
"Where is everybody?" "In the meeting room."
I saw her in the meeting room.
I sometimes pray in the meeting room.
We had lunch in the meeting room.
Is it possible to lock the doors of the meeting room?
I didn't know that it was possible to lock the door of the meeting room.
There is a cat in the meeting room.
How many meeting rooms do you have in this building?
Did you check whether your phone was in the meeting room?
There are only two sockets in the meeting room.
Two sockets are not enough for a meeting room.
There is no sign indicating that this is a meeting room.
Don't let anyone wait in the meeting room.
This is a meeting room, not a waiting room.
We have a meeting room in the second floor and another one in the third floor.
The general manager is in the meeting room.
This meeting room needs to be repainted.
I have so many things I don't need.
People walk on the sidewalk. Cars cross the streets.
A cat has a tail and four legs.
My house is empty.
Buildings have several floors.
Neurons are cells.
We only have a limited number of neurons.
Stand up if you hate Scotland!
Not all species of spiders are poisonous.
It's a series of tubes.
The tubes are clogged.
These politicians want to build a bridge to nowhere.
I smell blood.
I'm not telling you.
Where's Tom when you need him?
I hope you're happy.
I'm not your friend.
Get away from me.
He did a good job.
She did a good job.
They did a good job.
This is where I was born.
Are you satisfied?
Is he satisfied?
Is she satisfied?
Are they satisfied?
What makes you think that isn't true?
Can you go faster?
Can you do it faster?
The world is cruel.
He's still young.
She's still young.
I just want to cry.
Tom is insanely rich.
You're not my friend anymore.
It's not going to end well.
This is not going to end well.
I'll play with you.
It was very painful.
Corporations aren't people.
Corporations are not people.
The nurses are very nice.
Antares is a red star.
My frightening tale is based on facts.
We start in half an hour!
I can resist everything but temptation.
The door of the meeting room is open.
Mr. Wang went to the meeting room.
Mr. Wang is waiting for the manager in the meeting room.
There is a bad smell in the meeting room.
Who left food on the table of the meeting room?
What are the drivers doing in the meeting room?
Only cleaners are authorized to enter into the meeting room.
Mr. Wang usually has a nap in the meeting room.
I said that this was a meeting room, not a bedroom!
It takes so long for my baby to fall asleep.
On the days he doesn't take a nap, he's bad tempered.
I had a nap for about an hour.
After lunch, they usually have a nap.
He unexpectedly met her in the market.
Lida is a close friend of Mary's.
Mary and Tom experienced happy times together.
He befriended a thief called Tom.
Tom realized that he had fallen in love with Mary.
It was revealed that Mary was pregnant.
She decided she will not continue her relationship with him.
Tom proposed to me.
They stayed one more day together.
He gave her a gift that would remind her of the happy days they experienced together.
She asked him to leave and take all his belongings.
Tom was completely confused.
This is how I want to be remembered.
She will return home to her family.
One may only catch the tiger cub by entering the tiger's den.
Where can I buy a live tiger?
We're in danger.
He's in danger.
She's in danger.
They're in danger.
You're in danger.
He's not stronger than me.
She's not stronger than me.
He's stronger than me.
She's stronger than me.
They will be evicted in July.
Tom's house doesn't have electricity.
He gave me a big hug.
She gave me a big hug.
I owe you my life.
I knew there was something wrong about that girl.
Don't try to fool me.
A country without enough labour force cannot be self sufficient.
Is this appropriate?
We thought that you would not come because of your commitments.
I need to press the button.
You need to press the button.
Tom frequently talks in his sleep.
Keep your eye on him.
Keep your eye on her.
The policeman who is easily frightened is funny; the policeman who is indifferent to the misfortunes of others is terrible.
Monday begins on Saturday.
The dawns are calm here...
A great student is what the teacher hopes to be.
I am self-catering.
I only did my duty.
She will live forever in our hearts.
He will live forever in our hearts.
He will forever be in our hearts.
She felt something crawl up her leg.
The real name of Obamacare is the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act.
Tanning can cause skin cancer.
You've got a cute friend.
Wanna try the hot tub?
How does it feel?
How did it feel?
Trust me on this.
I didn't steal it.
It's a luxury we can't afford.
He knows the truth.
She knows the truth.
They know the truth.
Ain't she cute?
Ain't he cute?
Tom has a big heart.
He's down to earth.
She's down to earth.
Did you see that?
It's my turn.
You made my day.
How does she do it?
How does he do it?
He took me for everything I had.
She's so hot!
He's so hot!
The heart is located in the chest.
The sun shines during the day; the moon during the night.
No one can step twice into the same river.
I live in a country where a liter of petrol is cheaper than a liter of water.
It's over nine thousand!
There is nothing to be proud of.
I should follow the example.
I have to let off steam.
I must let off steam.
Let's see it.
I have a question to pose you.
What's Christmas like at your house?
We can't wait for the weekend.
There's hope for everybody.
There is hope for everybody.
Do you like the taste of truffle?
That tax is completely useless.
The farm!
Where is the nearest tavern?
Where's the nearest tavern?
Let's go get drunk at the tavern.
Why did I never make a movie during my numerous journeys?
What I don't want to lose is love.
I crossed the dark street.
This is a fact.
We wish him the best in his future endeavors.
We wish him all success in his future endeavor.
I wish him the very best in his future endeavors.
I wish her the very best in her future endeavors.
We wish him well in his future endeavors.
We wish him all the best of luck in his future endeavors.
The above stated facts are true and correct to the best of my knowledge and belief.
Tom works in a call center.
What is the purpose of the stock market?
Everybody knows what he wants, but not everyone knows what he can.
You owe me one.
We must protect the children.
We can't give up.
You can't give up.
I can't give up.
We can't give up now.
You can't give up now.
I can't give up now.
What's wrong with him?
What's wrong with her?
What's wrong with them?
He does it fast.
She does it fast.
He does it faster than me.
She does it faster than me.
They do it faster than me.
He does it faster than you.
She does it faster than you.
They do it faster than us.
You are a bad person.
I am a bad person.
He is a bad person.
She is a bad person.
She's a yoga instructor.
There's nothing we can do.
What is a life worth living?
He's screaming, not singing.
She's screaming, not singing.
He wants to study music and dance.
She wants to study music and dance.
You've been warned.
Save the rainforest!
The world's rainforests are currently disappearing.
I'm not the only one who feels that way.
You're not the only one who feels that way.
This is one of the reasons why I love Tatoeba.
Do you have health insurance?
It wouldn't surprise me.
She's very experienced.
He's very experienced.
It's completely irrational.
Don't call 911! You have to call 112.
Tom has prostate cancer.
My country is the greatest country in the world.
He lives in a trailer park.
She lives in a trailer park.
He's demented.
She's demented.
Are you smoking crack?
Are you smoking crack or something?
I'm just curious.
He's the owner of the company.
Nothing has changed.
I'm new here.
Hi! I'm new here.
This is nothing more than wishful thinking.
I wish I was kidding.
It works pretty well here.
Tom went to the massage parlor.
I was born during the Cold War.
Stop being fucking retarded!
Stop being so fucking retarded!
Stop being so silly!
It's more complicated than that.
This is nothing more than xenophobia.
This is not the first time this has happened.
Do you think I can use my cellphone in the shower?
The public demands answers.
Tom's dream is to be a schoolteacher.
I heard strange noises coming from his bedroom.
My job is boring.
The child is suffering from the heat.
My cat is suffering from the heat.
There are a lot of abandoned houses in the neighborhood.
He was my first boyfriend.
She was my first girlfriend.
I don't want to die!
They worked through the night.
He worked through the night.
She worked through the night.
There is little hope.
Tom wears a gold wristwatch.
Tom was roughed up by the police.
These cops are dirty.
Tom smelled a rat.
It could have been any one of us.
It's a popular vacation spot.
It's a perfect day.
Mary is playing with her doll house.
The mic is yours.
Would you like to take the mic?
Give me the mic.
It's your turn to read.
"Would you like to read?" "No, thanks. I'm just listening."
Why the long face?
Today is the end of independence.
I confess I'm miserable.
Life is rich in sacrifices and poor in retributions.
My folding bike is the cleverest piece of kit, ever.
The excitement is palpable!
I have a palpable proof.
I have an evident proof.
Are you able to solve it?
Tom doesn't like maths.
Tom doesn't like mathematics.
Her dress is blue with white spots.
You had just turned on the radio.
He is a doctor, but also a writer.
Do you like oysters?
He won the lottery.
She won the lottery.
They won the lottery.
It was just a one-night stand.
It was one of the best nights I've had.
He's really gorgeous.
She's really gorgeous.
She has gained a few pounds.
He has gained a few pounds.
Her husband was also her high school crush.
He is having an affair with his secretary.
They went to Italy for their honeymoon.
They played strip poker.
Give your passport number and your date of birth.
This joke relies on a double entendre.
I don't understand British humour.
He doesn't understand British humour.
She doesn't understand British humour.
He was wounded in a burglary.
He could not resist the temptation.
She could not resist the temptation.
He spied on her while she was bathing.
They spied on her while she was bathing.
She spied on him while he was bathing.
They spied on him while he was bathing.
I have lucid dreams.
Do you have lucid dreams?
He had an out-of-body experience.
She had an out-of-body experience.
He wears an eyepatch.
She wears an eyepatch.
I'm not in the mood anymore.
They had a pillow fight.
There are no rules.
He was late to his own wedding.
She was late at her wedding.
It was just a fling.
My boyfriend sometimes flirts with other girls.
My girlfriend sometimes flirts with other boys.
My apartment is near.
You don't understand British humour.
She regretted it afterwards.
He regretted it afterwards.
Her book has sold more than million copies.
It's perfectly normal.
You're perfectly normal.
Don't worry, you're perfectly normal.
True friendship is precious just because it's rare.
True friendship is precious just because it is rare.
Watch out! This monkey is vicious.
I don't know what's going on.
He doesn't know what's going on.
She doesn't know what's going on.
When she saw me naked, she started laughing.
He started laughing hysterically.
She started laughing hysterically.
He tried to hide what was really going on.
She tried to hide what was really going on.
They tried to hide what was really going on.
Does it hurt?
Can you give me that?
He got his tongue pierced.
I'd like you to give me that.
She got her tongue pierced.
I want to buy that.
Please sell me that.
She's wild in bed.
He's wild in bed.
Who sells this?
Please, I'd like you to lend this to me.
Let's get down and dirty.
How long can I borrow it?
They bought a home with a pool.
I'm starting to feel desperate.
He's starting to feel desperate.
She's starting to feel desperate.
Give me some more.
He fell asleep during class.
She fell asleep during class.
Where is a doctor?
Where is a hospital?
Everyone laughed.
My head is too hot.
They had a heated discussion.
They had a debate on same-sex marriage.
I would do anything to get a job.
It's obvious that he's not used to living on a tight budget.
Do I need doctor's permission to use this medicine?
Where is a nearby pharmacy?
Do you live with someone?
Do you find me pretty?
How much do you earn?
What is your father's name?
I prefer the blue one over the red one.
I speak English.
You will have a new brother.
You will have a new sister.
He was surprised by what he learned.
She was surprised by what she learned.
I was surprised by what I learned.
They're smiling at each other.
What you just said about yourself is true for me too.
I just got my first tattoo.
I love you - I love you too.
I'll never forget my first experience.
I request.
I do not agree.
I'm on holiday.
Take this three times a day for the next two weeks.
It's a matter of personal taste.
It's an acquired taste.
How do I get to the train station?
It's a cultural thing.
Take your time. There's no rush.
I'd like a ticket to Boston.
"One way or round trip?" "One way, please."
What platform does the train leave from?
When is the first bus to Boston?
Please let me off at the next stop.
Where is a Chinese restaurant?
The world ended yesterday while I was sleeping.
That's all right.
They stole my lover and all the colors of happiness.
What is your size?
My pants are ruined.
Have you already been to place ...?
I've got something for you.
Do you have a lover?
Do you have lovers?
Did you know that ...?
I live in America.
You can take the bus to the station.
I bought an electric car.
I bought a hybrid.
She has small breasts, but I don't mind.
He broke my nose!
Tom got into a fight with his brother.
I'm sure we can work this out.
He kicked him while he was down.
Tom lives with Mary in Memphis.
They want to get married.
After he awoke, he realized that he was on a desert island.
This boat is made with high grade aluminum and high strength iron.
Just ignore him.
Just ignore her.
How many dolls do you have?
Do you shower every day?
He has frequent arguments with his wife.
He has regular conversations with his wife.
Her parents hate me.
Her parents hate him.
I hate her parents.
He hates her parents.
Tom fell from the boat and was lost.
Tom was given up for dead, but he reappeared.
I understand the risks.
He understands the risks.
He doesn't understand the risks.
She doesn't understand the risks.
He grew his beard and hair in order to look old.
Parents need to set the rules around the house.
Parents should monitor their children's whereabouts.
Parents should monitor their children's activities.
He's old enough to be her grandfather.
He's skilled at videogames.
You're spending too much time watching TV.
You're spending too much time on the computer.
He's spending too much time watching TV.
She's spending too much time watching TV.
He's spending too much time on the computer.
She's spending too much time on the computer.
He was the only one not invited to the party.
She was the only one not invited to the party.
I was the only one not invited to the party.
I don't have time to do the laundry.
I don't belong here.
Children should obey authority.
His parents hate me.
His parents hate him.
With eyes or with hands, we greeted each other. I don't remember who started the talking that day, but I do remember my eyes being drawn toward him, and within seconds, I found my heart full of affection for him.
I hate his parents.
She understands the risks.
You understand the risks.
I don't want to see you here again.
What a poor flower!
That's what I told him.
That's what I told them.
Where did you bring these plates from?
How do I get to the city?
How do I get to the bus station?
How do I get to the airport?
How do I get to the post office?
How do I get to the library?
How do I get to the used bookstore?
How do I get to a restaurant?
I'm pleased with his performance.
I'm pleased with her performance.
I'm pleased with their performance.
You can't just walk in here.
Keep your hands to yourself.
Life's unfair.
That tradition has fallen into desuetude.
You don't belong here.
Tom believes that the rich deserve to be rich and that the poor deserve to be poor.
I'll call the police!
If you can understand this sentence then you need to have sex with someone.
I named my daughter Nairu wishing her long life.
It's bad for business.
We had a lot of rain this month.
Why do you look so distraught?
He looked into the sky and at the stars.
Yaakov fed the sheep.
I can't remember what I ate last night.
He put the gun to his head.
This needs political action.
I work every day except Saturday.
My brothers left and we stayed here.
I see you as in reality.
Courses in Ladino from the 8th of November.
He works day and night to provide for his family.
I'm travelling alone.
Tom was the first to the table.
Tell Tom to give you some scissors.
Divide and conquer.
The day after going to the gym, parts of my body hurt that I didn't even know I had.
It will grow back.
Your hair will grow back.
Dolphins are curious.
Don't add me on Facebook. I've already told you that I don't want anything more to do with you.
Don't worry, I'll be back before twelve.
She got more than she bargained for.
He got more than he bargained for.
We were hoping something interesting would happen.
We'll have to pull an all-nighter.
You should get some rest.
Don't get the wrong idea.
How can you be so optimistic?
I want to be normal.
Only cats are born simply like that.
Everything's gone wrong.
It's not even on the map.
Is there some ketchup?
Would you pass me the ketchup?
What a kitschy program this is!
This man is Kenyan.
I thank you for your helpfulness.
I thank you for your willingness.
France should be full.
What's this anglicism?
This is an easy route.
This is an easy way.
Let's hope that tomorrow he'll transform himself again!
That man is Kenyan.
That is a unicellular organism.
You answered by yourself.
I say this as a compliment.
So, how should one behave?
Define for me stupidity!
I've been told your name.
I knew he didn't die.
Who is the fifteenth?
It's a newspaper like all the others.
But did they watch the match?
Don't watch soccer anymore.
Prisons aren't enough.
What is bullfighting?
Do as the other newspapers do!
I don't have a salary because I don't have a job.
Do not touch the fruit!
That tambourine is broken.
That drum has a very strange sound.
My left heel is inflamed.
You must keep calm!
What is the thaler?
Pass me that notebook.
Let's go shoplift from the supermarket.
I can't understand this table.
The water is ice-cold.
The water is icy.
We're already mounting it.
We are already mounting it.
If you can't read, it's not my fault.
Why shouldn't they let you pay for it?
I always loved your delicacy.
This is romanticism.
This is sentimentalism.
They said he's very rich.
You should have been more prudent.
I'm very surprised to see you here.
Today, I have a good appetite.
I haven't seen them in a long time.
I'm truly sorry for having offended you.
I was naive.
He was naive.
She was naive.
They were naive.
Don't get too familiar.
We are three hours from São Paulo.
Hi! You are Peter's friend, aren't you?
How do babies communicate with their parents?
I can't say anything about that.
If you don't like it, then don't eat it.
With a hammer and nails in her hand, she headed straight here.
If I hear one more sentence about tennis, I'll go crazy.
Where are your grandchildren?
And with that we finish the activities for today.
Try to look ahead.
Come and keep me company.
The dog is peeing on the sofa.
There are significant differences between those two countries.
Spain is a European country.
I was always a loner.
Marcos is a geologist.
Madrid is the capital of Spain and its most important city.
In Hungary they speak Hungarian.
Romania is a Balkan country. Its capital is Bucharest.
Bucharest has a population of 2.million.
There may be others.
There's no sign of infection.
He smells bad.
She smells bad.
They smell bad.
Did you keep in touch?
Can we hurry this up?
You don't know that.
Is there anything I should know?
There is no food left.
He won't live much longer.
She won't live much longer.
It was the happiest time of my life.
That boy is really shy.
That girl is really shy.
I want to help.
I'm sorry, I just wanted to help.
Try to go slower.
You're the last hope for humanity.
The earliest civilizations arose in Mesopotamia.
I made her cry.
I made him cry.
He made her cry.
She made him cry.
There's no way to escape.
I'm not interested in your opinion.
You should be able to walk in a few days.
What trouble can she cause?
What trouble can he cause?
We will defeat them.
He will defeat them.
She will defeat them.
Lots of religious songs in Ladino are translations from Hebrew.
She's not a liar.
The capital city of France is Paris.
He's not a liar.
I don't want to live.
I want to write an article.
I really hate job hunting.
The plural of ox is oxen.
This is a time of rejoicing.
We better hurry.
The old man has missing teeth.
She's feeling much better.
He's feeling much better.
Tom says he did not mean to kill her.
Mary says she did not mean to kill him.
Someone spiked her drink.
I saw her spike his drink.
You're spoiling the mood.
It's not legal to keep wild animals as pets.
What utter nonsense.
This author is critical of the mainstream media.
Tom believes that the government wants to hide the truth about aliens.
She didn't get caught.
He didn't get caught.
He got caught.
She got caught.
I have a flexible schedule.
She looks confused.
He looks confused.
Is it too small?
Is it too big?
It's just the right size.
We can't stay here.
We can't stay here. The roof is about to collapse!
It's the house specialty.
It's a bit intimidating.
Say something!
Don't just stand there.
Don't just stand there, say something.
It was a great trip.
I will not let you do it.
He came from the south.
Do good for a villain, he'll shit in your hand.
I am Macedonian.
You just don't get it, do you?
Hackers are adept at getting around computer security measures.
I'll eat almost anything, but I'm very fickle when it comes to cheese.
Toyota's new car sports a hefty price tag.
With our lesson plan you can learn at your own pace.
It took a little cajoling but I finally got her to eat her broccoli.
When you stand so close to death, knowing that it will not touch you, you feel something special!
I think that whoever created the Universe, a hole in the sky above him, also had no idea what is the "Universe".
Destiny is not a fool. It will not make people meet without a reason.
The truly wise people usually lack the obsession.
Best travel is one that has no end.
Do you like fruit salad?
The world will be however you intend to see it.
I refuse to be taken in by her guile.
She is an absent-minded and unreliable person.
Who is the prettiest of the girls?
How did you get this money?
It is difficult to make him happy.
Here is the hospital where I was born.
I have an abnormal appetite.
Water is liquid. It becomes solid when it freezes.
Who remembers him?
He is Ethiopian.
You must accept your role.
You have to accept your role.
Doctor, help me!
Doctor, can you hear me out?
We really didn't know anything.
When will you have enough?
Everybody leave.
That day really was very scary.
I really don't know him.
Animals follow their instincts.
The third movement affectionately parodies village musicians and their playing.
I have the conviction that a few weeks in a well-organized summer camp may be of more value educationally than a whole year of formal school work.
I don't want to tell that to anyone.
My husband is useless.
I was feeling guilty in the beginning; it was frustrating to be successful when a lot of my friends weren’t.
If I knew what the picture was going to be like I wouldn’t make it. It was almost like it was made already. The challenge is more about trying to make what you can’t think of.
This recording is distinguished by a successful synthesis of structural clarity and a manner of music-making based on the affects intrinsic to the music.
The antiquities collection is housed in a state-of-the-art facility.
The apple is red.
It is John's apple.
I give John the apple.
We're giving him the apple.
He gives it to John.
She gives it to him.
He is beyond help.
Look, my house is cleaner than yours.
I'd like to stay here overnight.
She's been learning German for a year now.
The pressure is building.
I'm not English.
He eventually married an Italian woman ten years his junior.
My grandparents were German, and the language has been passed down to me and my brother.
I spent a year at a school in Russia.
It's been a year since I last saw Shoshannah.
I eventually want to be fluent in German.
I like a lot of things.
I want to give mum a plant.
Tom reads slowly.
Tom drives slowly.
Tom speaks slowly.
Tom writes slowly.
Tom works slowly.
Tom eats slowly.
Tom translates slowly.
Tom is reading a book.
Tom is having dinner.
Tom is watching TV.
Tom is drinking juice.
Tom is taking a shower.
Tom is writing letters.
Tom is watering the garden.
Tom is shaving his beard.
Tom is driving his car.
Tom is sweeping his room.
Tom is cleaning his house.
Tom is reading a novel.
Tom is brushing his teeth.
Tom is washing his car.
Tom is doing the dishes.
Tom is cooking the dinner.
Tom is talking on the phone.
Tom is looking for his keys.
Tom is having a nap.
Tom is swimming.
Tom is playing with his son.
Tom is heating the car.
Tom is singing.
Tom is teaching English.
Tom is learning English.
Tom is brushing his hair.
Tom is repairing his car.
Please revise regularly every day.
Tom is thinking.
Tom is praying.
Tom is crying.
Tom is joking.
Tom is waiting for his friend.
Tom is painting his room.
Tom is laughing.
Tom is coughing.
Tom is throwing up.
Tom is explaining the lesson.
Tom is calling his mother.
Tom is sneezing.
Tom is wiping his nose.
Tom is getting dressed.
Tom is undressing.
Tom is picking flowers.
Tom is running.
Tom is helping his wife.
Tom is memorizing a poem.
I am reading a play.
I am eating a sandwich.
I am watching a film.
I am drinking milk.
I am having a shower.
I am writing an SMS.
I am shaving off my beard.
I am driving a truck.
I am sweeping the yard.
I am cleaning the kitchen.
I am brushing my teeth.
I am washing the windows.
I am doing the dishes.
I am cooking the lunch.
I am talking to my sister.
I am looking for my phone.
I am having a nap.
I am swimming in the lake.
I am playing with my daughter.
I am heating the room.
I am singing with my children.
I am doing shopping at the market.
I am teaching Berber.
Tom is listening to music.
I am learning Chinese.
I am brushing my hair.
I am repairing the washing machine.
I'm trying to figure out a solution.
I am praying.
Tom is working at the garage.
Yes, I am crying.
I am joking.
I am waiting for my driver.
I am painting the garage.
I am laughing at you.
I am coughing.
I am throwing up.
Tom is playing piano.
Tom is downloading games.
I am explaining the rules.
I am calling my father.
I am sneezing.
I am wiping my nose with a handkerchief.
I am getting dressed.
Tom is trying to understand.
I am undressing.
I am picking apples.
I am running to the station.
I am helping my grandfather.
I am memorizing a text.
Tom is dialling a number.
I am listening to a song.
I am working at the workshop.
I am playing guitar.
I am downloading books.
I am trying to help him.
Man, you're drunk.
In 1984, Coke started using HFCS instead of sugar.
It's like putting Dracula in charge of the blood bank.
Right. So you had three months.
Can it be that you don't have a bit of creativity, to the point of always inventing the same apology?
After everyone left, he remained, friendless.
Tom, I'm going to ask that you read me the letter.
I love Hollywood movies.
I have some food.
He has talked for a full hour.
Found him, he is over there.
Found it, it's over there.
You'll never have my psychedelic pencil!
They will have money, you will not have the land.
Notice the difference between a sigh of relief and a sigh of grief.
In 1984, Coke started using high-fructose corn syrup as substitute for sugar.
Five or ten minutes would not have made any difference.
The jet plane took off in an instant.
A good thing cannot be done too soon, no matter how soon you do it.
They passed time by playing cards.
She is concerned about his safety.
Man is a product of his circumstances.
Even if we wanted to, we would not have done it.
You do a great job.
You're fine with short hair.
Investors must distinguish between genuine value creation and wishful thinking.
I would like to live in France.
It is my fear that in an understandable but foolish wish for the European Union to have its own defence capability, politicians are forging ahead with plans that are at best wishful thoughts, and at worst dangerous.
I knelt down to tie my shoes.
She knelt down as she came into the church.
She came completely naked into the room, rendering him speechless.
She has a talent for music.
I've just signed the divorce papers; I'm free at last!
When I came to class late the teacher didn't let me in.
Is a punishment for latecomers being considered?
I am sorry to all of you for being late.
Your order will be ready within half an hour.
It's getting late so I'd better get going.
I didn't expect you to come so soon.
The earliest I can come is around 3.
I'm a vegetarian.
I'm really tired; I think I'll go to bed.
She earns more than she spends.
I've got a bad stomachache.
I can speak Esperanto as if it were my mother tongue.
There's a cat on the table.
His gamely gesture was much appreciated.
I have too much homework today.
Their trip has been cancelled due to rain.
These tomatoes don't have any taste.
She was the first girl to win that contest.
Valentina Tereshkova was the first woman in space.
Tell me, what do you remember?
I'm very grateful to you.
Come here. I'll show you something.
Could you show me the way to the theatre?
You have to choose your own path in life.
We can't find a good sewing machine anywhere.
I can't remember where I put the good sewing machine.
Which one of these two is the good one?
She can't understand other people.
We'll stay here until the next contest.
Until next year!
Tom is aiming at a bird.
Tom is annoying Mary.
Tom is arguing with Mary.
Tom is asking questions to the teacher.
Mary is baking a cake.
The dog is barking.
Tom is baking a pizza.
Tom is beating Mary.
The dog is biting Tom.
Tom is blinking his eyes.
Mary is breast-feeding her baby.
Tom is breathing.
Tom is calling back.
Tom is calling Mary names.
Tom is changing his clothes.
Tom is checking his mailbox.
Tom is chewing something.
I will focus on the explanation of the festival.
It is an ancient, popular and traditional festival.
Beautiful fireworks conclude these two joyful days.
The festival was created in and was organized by the millers.
The cat is clawing Tom.
Tom is clearing his throat.
Tom is clearing the garden.
Tom is climbing a tree.
Tom is closing the store.
Tom is complaining to the manager.
Tom is correcting exam papers.
Tom is digging a hole.
Tom is disturbing Mary.
Tom is dozing.
Tom is dozing off.
Tom is adding sentences to Tatoeba.
Tom is calculating his salary.
Tom is drawing something.
Tom is dreaming.
Tom is drilling the wall.
Tom is driving the car into the garage.
Tom is drowning!
Tom is dying.
Tom is dyeing his hair.
The temperature is falling.
Tom is fanning himself.
The forest is burning.
Tom is extinguishing the fire.
Tom is feeding the cows.
Tom is feeling nauseous.
Tom is inflating a balloon.
Tom is filling a bottle with water.
Tom is finishing his work.
Tom is fishing on the river.
Tom is encouraging his students.
Tom is following Mary.
Tom is frying an egg.
Tom is boiling an egg.
Everything is getting cheap.
Everything is getting expensive.
Tom is going down the stairs.
Tom is going to the bank.
Tom is going up the stairs.
Tom is grilling meat.
Tom's hair is growing.
The baby is growing up.
Tom is harvesting in the field.
Tom is having a rest.
The wound is healing.
Tom is imitating the teacher.
Tom is ironing his shirt.
Tom is folding his shirt.
Tom is jumping for joy.
Why does he always behave so badly?
Tom is decorating his room.
Tom is kissing his wife.
Tom is kneading the dough.
This can is leaking.
Tom is lighting a cigarette.
Tom is limping along.
Tom is lying.
Tom is making faces.
Tom is gesticulating.
Mary is making herself up.
Mary is mending the carpet.
Tom is milking the cow.
Say what you want.
Tom is miming Mary.
Tom is mixing flour with sugar.
Tom is packing up.
Tom is paling.
Tom is parking the van.
Tom is patting his dog.
Tom is paying a fine.
Tom is picking his nose.
Tom is plucking a chicken.
Tom is pouring a glass of milk.
Tom is pruning the trees.
Tom is pulling Mary's hair.
Tom is putting his cigarette off.
Tom is putting his pens into the pencil case.
Tom is receiving treatment.
Tom is remembering the names of his friends.
Tom is riding a bicycle.
The cat is meowing.
The horse is neighing.
The bull is mooing.
Tom is building a wall.
The pigeon is cooing.
The engine is purring.
Tom is rinsing the dishes.
The temperature is rising.
Tom is scaring the crows away.
Tom is scolding Mary.
Tom is fighting in the street.
Mary is screaming.
The baby is screaming.
The car is screeching.
Tom is sending a fax.
Tom is sewing his jacket.
Tom is shaking.
Tom is consoling Mary.
Tom is shaking hands with the manager.
Tom is shearing the sheep.
Tom is shouting at Mary.
Tom is showing his wound.
Tom is braking.
Tom is signing documents.
Tom is slaughtering a sheep.
Mary is smelling the flowers.
Tom is smiling at the baby.
Tom is smoking.
Tom is sticking a bill on the wall.
Tom is hanging a picture on the wall.
Tom is basking in the sun.
This fish stinks.
Tom is warming himself by the fire.
Tom is stirring his coffee.
Tom is stuttering.
The chicken is cackling.
The jackal is howling.
The sheep is bleating.
I'm not wearing any underwear.
I am not wearing any underwear.
Who hired you?
The billy goat is bleating.
Always look on the bright side of life.
The baby is sucking his finger.
The baby is suckling.
My neighbor complained about the noise.
Tom is swearing.
My roommate complained about the noise.
Tom is sweating.
Tom is taking a rest.
Tom is talking in his sleep.
Tom is taking pictures.
Tom is telling a story.
Tom is massaging his knees.
It's an indie movie.
It's a Hindi movie.
It's an Indy movie.
This is not funny anymore.
I'll save the money for the next time.
Tom is throwing stones at birds.
Tom is training.
Tom is treating a patient.
Tom is trying on shoes.
Tom is turning down the sound of the radio.
Tom is turning up the sound of the TV.
It's healthy and normal.
Leave me a bit of ice cream.
I can't bear to deal with her anymore.
I didn't do it for you.
It was all for nothing.
She is always trying new things.
She's very understanding.
He's very understanding.
The teacher has never made fun of the students' mistakes.
Tom is very talented.
He is not angry anymore.
Oww, it hurts. I'll pay attention next time.
No, you misunderstood.
The price is good.
I'll open the window a bit.
There are a lot of books in our school's library.
Only peace can save the world.
Could you tell me?
Have you still not finished paying for my bike?
There are students in our class.
Tusnelda was the wife of Arminio.
Tusnelda was Arminio's wife.
I work as a salesman.
When it comes to animals, this can't be considered as being something cruel.
But that's not the last train, right?
Tom is repeating what he said.
Tom is swearing at Ken.
Tom is recruiting new workers.
You will be killed!
Tom is mocking Ken.
Foxes eat hens.
I receive a million messages a day and I can't answer them all.
She threw off her shoes and socks in anger.
I prefer translation to teaching.
I have never thought about becoming a teacher.
What do you think of this place?
I would always go swimming in the sea when I was little.
Be a good child!
You're doing it right.
He's doing it right.
She's doing it right.
They're doing it right.
Sorry, I still don't know enough to reply in Esperanto.
We were waiting for news from downstairs.
What exam were you taking?
Tom is waking up.
Tom is wasting his time.
Tom is sharpening a knife.
Tom is wearing his coat.
Mary is weaving a carpet.
Mary is spinning wool.
Tom is whistling.
Tom is winking at Ken.
Tom is wiping the table.
The snake is wriggling.
She has nothing against it.
Tom is yawning.
He has nothing against it.
We have nothing against it.
They have nothing against it.
How can you concentrate?
Tom is standing in the garden.
I need to stop.
You need to stop.
Tom is yelling.
I am adding examples to Tatoeba.
We all would be better today.
I am aiming at that duck.
I am annoying my sister.
Tom is bragging about his new car.
We won't forgive you.
Mary is hanging up washing.
I'm arguing with my friend.
Mary is hanging out washing.
I am asking questions to my father.
You did the right thing.
He did the right thing.
She did the right thing.
They did the right thing.
I am baking bread.
Could you come back a little later?
We are baking cookies.
The dog is barking at Tom.
Dolphins are weird.
I am basking in the spring sun.
Mary is beating her daughter.
I am beating my dog.
The chicken is pecking at Tom.
I have a vivid imagination.
He has a vivid imagination.
She has a vivid imagination.
This is not my specialty.
Can my friend sleep over tonight?
Motivation is the key to success.
It's not my style.
It's not your style.
It's not his style.
It's not her style.
The important thing is that they are all fine.
When air dries, the throat dries, and cough comes out.
Dry air causes thirst and coughing.
How am I supposed to eat?
Tom is a real man.
I'm a real man.
He's a real man.
He won't make it.
She won't make it.
They won't make it.
Instead of complaining, maybe you should help.
Where's the girl?
Where's the boy?
Where's the cat?
It's your ex-wife.
It was the best thing that ever happened to me.
In London there are a lot of different events which one would like to join.
I went not once, but twice.
How long will this take?
I caught them in the act.
He thinks his job is pointless.
I think my job is pointless.
This is my dream job.
How about tonight?
Safety is not guaranteed.
He likes new experiences.
She likes new experiences.
He pushed her into the swimming pool.
She pushed him into the swimming pool.
He pushed the cat into the swimming pool.
Who are you trying to impress?
He thought that it would be interesting and fun.
She thought that it would be interesting and fun.
She's cleaning out her closet.
He's cleaning out his closet.
Tom is selling his sheep.
I am blinking my eyes.
I am boiling water.
I am braking.
I am breast-feeding my daughter.
I am breathing polluted air.
I am building a wall.
I am calculating my salary.
I am calling my brother.
I am calling back my wife.
Mary is calling her sister names.
I am carding the wool.
I am changing my clothes.
I am checking my mailbox.
Mary is chewing something.
Boys can't enter the girls' dormitories.
As there are many absentees because of the flu, we were told that from tomorrow the classes will be temporary closed for days.
Don't shoot!
I'm right behind you.
I'm right behind him.
I'm right behind her.
She's right behind you.
He's right behind you.
They're right behind you.
He's right behind me.
She's right behind me.
They're right behind me.
This is no joke.
He's the most popular boy in the class.
She's the most popular girl in the class.
She slapped her friend in the face.
He's the only one who survived.
She's the only one who survived.
I'm the only one who survived.
Don't think about it too much.
I'll keep it a secret. Don't worry.
He has a bottle of milk every morning.
Shut up, idiot!
I eat live rats.
Industrialisation is vital to Kazakhstan’s competiveness in the globally developing world.
The dragonfly gracefully passed over the water.
I want to let the world know about Japanese gardens.
Why do you want the world to know about Japanese gardens?
So where were you?
I cry whenever I listen to this song.
This joke is not funny.
His jokes are not funny at all.
I got back home after two years.
I don't like his jokes.
I don't like this joke.
He went to the station out of breath.
Any new jokes?
I don't know a lot of jokes.
I like to read jokes.
When I was at high school, I knew a lot of jokes.
Everybody likes his jokes.
This joke is crude.
Kindly finish up the content of the brochure quickly.
Don't tell crude jokes in the presence of my father.
I don't like dirty jokes.
I know dirty jokes, but I don't tell them.
The weather has been pleasant all week.
I know dirty jokes, but I never tell them.
He tells dirty jokes to children.
He tells dirty jokes even to children.
One should try on shoes before purchasing them.
Tell me some jokes, but don't tell me dirty ones.
This book is full of dirty jokes.
I hate dirty jokes.
I never listen to dirty jokes.
He knows how to tell jokes.
I'm looking for a book of jokes.
I like clean jokes.
Don't tell your dirty jokes in the presence of children.
I don't remember a single joke.
I have already heard this joke.
I know this joke.
I didn't understand this joke.
I will explain this joke to you later.
I don't like this kind of joke.
His jokes are meaningless.
Outside the mainstream of orthodox Judaism, apocalypticism was more successful with certain movements.
His jokes make no sense.
He never laughs when I tell him a joke.
What's wrong with my jokes?
Did you understand this joke?
Tell me a joke.
Don't tell me this joke.
Is Mary with you?
Bring Mary back. I need her.
Take me back to the office. I have forgotten my phone.
This is not a joke to be told in the presence of your parents.
I didn't find any jokes in this book.
Tom is bringing down a wall.
I am bringing down this old wall.
I am clearing my throat.
I am clearing my orchard.
I am climbing a palm tree.
I am closing the garage.
I am consoling Mary.
I am correcting my mistakes.
I am crawling like a baby.
I am decorating the classroom.
I am digging a well.
I am disturbing Mary because she always disturbs me.
I am dozing.
I am dozing off.
I am drawing a bird.
I am just dreaming.
I am drilling the door.
I am driving the van into the yard.
I am dyeing my hair brown.
I am encouraging my brother.
I am extinguishing the fire with water.
I am fanning myself with a magazine.
This joke doesn't have anything to do with you.
Why did you tell this joke?
Tom is alluding to divorce.
I am alluding to Mary.
It's too late. I'm dying.
Tell us that joke again.
I am feeding my baby.
I am feeling nauseous.
Tom is feeling dizzy.
I am feeling dizzy.
Mary is fighting her friend.
We agreed to elaborate a strategy.
I am filling this bottle with oil.
We agreed to elaborate an action plan.
Tom is coating the wall with plaster.
I am coating the wall with lime.
I am finishing my translation.
I am fishing on the lake.
I am folding my dress.
I am following that car.
I am frying fish.
Clothes are getting cheap.
Cars are getting expensive.
Mary is gesticulating at the manager.
I am going down the stairs.
I am going to the post office.
I am going up the stairs.
I am grilling fish.
I am growing up fast.
I am hanging up a picture of my grandmother.
I am hanging out the carpet.
I am hanging up my shirts.
I am harvesting wheat.
Everything starts from a basis.
I am harvesting rye.
"Good morning. You were a bit late today." "Mhm, I got a tad delayed."
I am having a nap in my room.
I am taking a rest in my car.
The scar is healing.
The she-wolf is howling.
I am imitating the President.
I am inflating my balloon.
Tom is applying ointment to his wound.
I am applying ointment on the spots.
I am ironing my dress.
I am jumping for joy.
I am kneading the dough.
My jar is leaking.
Mary is decorating her pottery.
I am decorating my room with Berber symbols.
I am lighting my cigar.
I am limping along.
I am listening to country music.
Mary is lying to her father.
The actor is making up.
I am massaging my foot.
The ice cream is melting.
I am mending the curtain.
I am memorizing the national anthem.
The cats are meowing.
I am milking my goat.
I am miming the manager.
I mix mayonnaise with ketchup.
I am mocking him just as he mocks me.
I am mooing like a cow.
I am barking like a dog.
I am cooing like a pigeon.
I am meowing like a cat.
The donkey is braying.
I am braying like a donkey.
While the car driver obtains an approximate view of a blooming meadow the city cyclist notices the different colors and scents of the blossoms, the smell of freshly mown grass, the swoosh of leaves of a chestnut tree, the sunlight twinkling through trees shimmering green in springtime.
The horse is galopping.
I am neighing like a horse.
Mary is making the bed.
I am making my own bed.
I am packing up my things.
Tom is assembling a machine.
I am assembling the washing machine.
People are gathering.
Mary is mopping the floor.
I am mopping my room.
I am parking my car near the office.
I am patting my cat.
The cat is licking itself.
I am licking an ice-cream.
I am paying the phone bill.
The rooster is pecking at my leg.
Mary is picking her nose.
I am plucking the turkey.
I am pouring a cup of tea.
I am pruning the pear trees.
I am pulling my own hair!
The cat is purring.
The cats are purring.
The lion is roaring.
I am putting my cigarette off.
I am putting my pencils into the drawer.
Tom is putting his son into the bed.
I am putting my baby into the bed.
I am receiving treatment at the hospital.
I am recruiting drivers.
I am remembering their addresses.
I am repeating the answer.
I am riding a motorcycle.
The only golden rule is that he who has the gold makes the rules.
She's the perfect housewife.
They don't teach you that in school.
I am rinsing the linen.
Tom is eating a cake.
I am eating a doughnut.
I am roaring like a lion.
The dog is drooling.
It's just how things work.
Tom is hanging up the handkerchiefs.
I am pegging up my baby's clothes.
Don't ask questions.
Don't ask questions. Just follow orders.
Tom's shirt is drying.
He wears a bow tie every day.
I am scaring the sparrows away.
I am scolding my students, not yours.
Mary and Jane are screaming.
The chick is hatching.
The babies are screaming.
I am selling my goats.
I am sending the invoice by fax.
I am sewing my shirt.
I am shaking with cold.
The sparrow is cheeping.
The sparrows are cheeping.
I am shaking hands with my worst enemy.
Tom is shaking salt on his salad.
I am shaking salt on my omelette.
I am sharpening my sword.
I am shearing the ewe.
I am shouting at my kids.
I am showing my teeth.
I am signing my contract.
Tom is hearing something.
I am hearing a voice.
I am slaughtering a chicken.
I am smelling the roses.
I am smiling at that little girl.
I am smoking a Cuban cigar.
Tom is helping Mary in her revision.
I am helping my sister to do her math exercises.
Mary is snoring.
I am spinning wool.
Tom is spreading butter on the bread.
The law is the law.
I am spreading mustard on a slice of bread.
Tom is cutting the bread.
I am cutting the meat.
I am standing in the middle of the schoolyard.
I am sticking a picture on the cupboard.
I am stirring my tea.
I am stuttering.
The little girl is sucking her finger.
The babies are suckling.
The snake is swallowing an egg.
Yes, I am swearing!
I am swearing at that jerk!
I am sweating in my bed.
Wasn't she your girlfriend?
The kid is peeing.
The little girl is peeing.
I am swimming in the river.
I am taking pictures of the bridge.
Mary is talking in her sleep.
I am telling a story.
I am throwing stones at crows.
Tom is tidying his room.
I am tidying my office.
I am training with my friends.
We were surprised by his behaviour.
There's no evidence that Tom has done anything illegal.
Tom died in strange circumstances.
If the universe is an answer, what is the question?
They took a leap of faith.
This is not a good sign.
Although I was exhausted, I continued to work.
Revenge is the best revenge.
To really succeed, you must enjoy eating poison.
If you are afraid to die, you have already died.
The war is liked by only those who haven't seen it.
Our gods are dead.
It is impossible to be always a hero, but you can always remain a man.
Do I please you?
Four thousand throats may be cut in one night by a running man.
I will become angry.
It will take a little time to get used to wearing a wig.
He died of honorable dysentery.
I am the god of the new world.
You are tired from doing nothing.
We will never fall in love again.
I'm coming home.
Shallow are the souls that have forgotten how to shudder.
This country has become a plutocracy.
Tom now lives in the Cayman Islands.
He's an independent thinker.
She's an independent thinker.
This researcher does not disclose the source of his funding.
The cat is playing with the ball.
This is nonsense.
Wasn't he your boyfriend?
This is my first time contributing to Tatoeba, so I'm a little nervous.. please be kind with me.
This is my first time, so I'm a little nervous.
That's what the boss wants.
Ninety-five percent of orphans are older than years old.
He doesn't have to know.
She doesn't have to know.
They don't have to know.
Mary is a hula dancer.
Eat local.
The girls had a catfight.
Stop pulling my hair!
He's a libertarian.
I participated in that English speech contest.
He could buy bread and milk with the money he had.
He is excellent at finding faults.
I am uncertain where it will be OK to put this.
Shopping makes me happy!
I want to eat a fried egg and croissant.
I will pick you up after work.
Where will we rendezvous?
What did you have for today's lunch?
Could you please check your cell phone before you finish work?
A glass of cold water, please!
Tom is the outstanding singer of this club.
I've just gotten home and had dinner.
My mom bought me this toy when I was 8.
This girl sings pretty well.
Does anybody know what hour it is?
I don't need a new TV.
Can you take this?
A few old buildings need to be demolished.
Do you know where my old glasses are?
We'll have to wait for five hours.
Do you remember where he left his umbrella?
Time to get married!
A year has passed since then.
I'll go there.
We'll have to wait for the next day.
We couldn't buy a few guns anywhere.
Climb onto the roof.
Son, go back to your mother.
Son, help me fix my car.
He wasn't as handsome as she told me.
That's not nice. Apologise to her.
I thought it was impossible to sleep for so long.
This plan has no flaws.
Don't step on my head.
I don't even know what's happening to me anymore.
Wasn't it him who stole your wallet?
Since I have no money, I can't come there.
He can read thoughts.
A great thought came to my head.
What kind of bed would you advise us not to buy?
However badly you want it, it will never happen.
Did he really do that?
You'll have to start.
I'm very sorry, but we can't let you out.
How do you know that he's already dead?
Mum says that I speak too quietly.
Which team is ours?
He'll try to find everything out.
When will you buy yourself a new laptop?
My brother damaged my new computer.
What happened to you?
Tom is a solid and determined man, but sometimes he's as impetuous as a river of molten lava.
In order to be sure of the words I learnt today, I review them again.
If you add sauce to curry rice, the taste will be more dense.
Everything was delicious!
I would understand if you cannot talk about it.
She was cashiered in no time.
About this time tomorrow, we will be in London.
We eventually came to terms with our fate.
Wait until your father gets home.
He keeps on asking me for money.
She keeps on asking me for money.
He's a meth addict.
She's a meth addict.
The employee stole money from the cash register.
He's wanted for grand theft auto.
I got a call from the school today.
When I was eight, my mom bought toys for me.
I just found out she was pregnant.
He ran off with another woman.
She's sexually promiscuous.
Thanks for all your great photos!
Mary is Tom's girlfriend.
How brave you are!
How vigorous you are!
How strong you are!
That was the point.
Tom is old-fashioned.
His father is conservative and old-fashioned.
Her father is conservative and old-fashioned.
She was born in Mexico.
She married an American.
I was attacked and robbed on my way home.
Things would never be the same.
Teach me how to play a reed pipe.
This is an elephant's tusk.
He's helping me.
She's helping me.
I'm really worried about my child.
Libor is the London Interbank Offered Rate.
Barclays manipulated Libor.
I owe you big time!
They trust each other.
They don't trust each other.
I bought a new scratching post for my cat.
Tom resigned this week.
He never recovered from the death of his son.
When the phone rang in the middle of the night, she immediately knew something was wrong.
You know what'll happen if you ever try anything like that again.
He sent his son to an English boarding school.
He wore a hat, which meant that he wasn't being followed and it was safe to proceed.
When does the shop close?
Will you watch the Olympics?
The teacher warned us that the test would be difficult.
It looks like we're almost out of the woods.
She worries that she might be suffering from an anxiety disorder.
The game is rigged.
Mary had a panic attack.
There are too many choices.
The default value is zero.
Don't worry Tom, you are doing well.
Don't worry, you are doing well.
Don't worry, you're doing well.
Don't act like a bitch!
Can you program in C?
Let's not do this again.
He was kind enough to let me borrow it.
He was a good and decent man who had become ensnared in this dreadful affair through no fault of his own.
I'd understand anything coming from you.
The system is rotten.
No one really knows what's going on.
No one knows what's really going on.
The man set himself on fire.
Tom likes to tell dirty jokes.
I find my job fulfilling.
She likes to tell dirty jokes.
I'm not proud of this.
His condition is critical.
Can we enhance the image?
I don't need a history lesson.
If not for the ozone layer, we would be in imminent danger.
The priest said that this book could be harmful to youth.
This is the official website.
Let's hear the other side.
Are you sure this is real?
He's an animal.
You might find this interesting.
They're just evil.
He's just evil.
She's just evil.
"It's so huge!" "Yes, it's an IMAX screen!"
Let's get moving.
How much do you weigh?
This stuffed animal belongs to the little girl.
What doesn't kill us makes us stronger.
I was just curious.
We were saved by the bell.
It's not clean.
He likes chicken nuggets.
Mississippi is the fattest state in America.
That is correct.
I don't want to know.
I will never forgive you.
He locked himself in the bathroom.
She locked herself in the bathroom.
Love is like oxygen toxicity.
Love is like oxygen.
The television is making a hissing noise.
The discs are audible but the sound quality is terrible.
I'm not one of them.
If you had only listened to me, none of this would have happened.
I gave you fair warning.
If the police had arrived five minutes earlier, all the outlaws would have been caught red-handed.
I finally found a use for this old thing.
The book, being read, was under the table.
The most terrible enemy is a former friend.
Being determines consciousness.
The couple who came on a shrine visit said, "We prayed that our child would grow up healthy."
Sometimes you should make a mistake to be properly understood.
Well, would you look at that!
Well, I'll be a monkey's uncle!
The poor man didn't live long enough to see his son's happiness.
She was tall enough to touch the ceiling.
Get the money ready by evening or I'll come back with the police.
You are as guilty as I am, because you knew this was going to happen.
Don't get excited.
Everything will be perfect.
What happened to the German girl?
Do you have any plans for the weekend?
I know who you were with.
I'm with exactly who I want to be with.
Does this video remind you of something?
You should not worry so much because of the things that happened long ago and not with us.
I'd like to sell my books!
I would like to sell my books!
No one wants to go there.
She's no spring chicken.
Now my daughter fears me.
Now my daughter is afraid of me.
There's the smell of napalm.
This singer was made popular by his good looks.
Many consider seven to be a lucky number.
There's an idiot where I work and it gets on my nerves.
He wrote it down so as not to forget it.
His behaviour annoys me.
They are a bunch of inept and vulturous morons.
He is a massive dimwit, inherently apathetic and incapable of rational thought.
I felt fine this morning until I noticed what they'd done to me. I'm feeling so aggrieved.
Many complicated-looking real integrals can be solved using methods from complex analysis.
Euler's identity really is remarkable.
It is widely believed that Einstein was awarded the Nobel prize in for his work on relativity. It was actually awarded for his seminal paper on the photoelectric effect.
Using a knowledge of complex analysis to calculate real quantities in the context of fluid mechanics amazes me.
They are reading their book.
A good knowledge of numerical analysis, stochastic calculus and programming in C++ is important for a job in banking my lecturer said.
The graveyards are full of indispensable men.
Did they play so badly that they don't even deserve a comment?
He's as blind as a bat.
I must be blind.
Thirty isn't that old.
The octopus only exits its lair to look for food or for reproductive purposes.
Do you want me to hate you?
We should make sopa paraguaya.
I'll give it to you for 15,guaranies. Would you like anything else?
I am studying electrical engineering at the University of Plymouth.
I'm stressed out over their incompetence.
I'm so keen to go to Germany in October.
Do you have diarrhea?
Cabaret is a form of show.
That man is a famous cabaret performer.
Enter into that cabin.
I want a sub rosa investigation of the bodies.
You never know where you will be lucky.
Determination is everything.
Life is good because it does not always correspond to our expectations!
With a microwave oven like this, it's always New Year's Eve!
My father is the breadwinner.
Let me speak with the foreman.
My heart likes what it sees, not too regretting the missed opportunities.
I don't understand this diagram.
I don't understand this chart.
I don't understand this graph.
This line is diagonal.
This line is crosswise.
I'm the patrol leader.
I am the patrol leader.
Who is the patrol leader?
Who is the group leader?
He is the group leader.
He's the group leader.
You immediately rushed headlong into it!
I was dizzy.
My team is the leading team.
Which is the leading team?
Would you explain that diagram to me?
Would you explain that graph to me?
Would you explain that chart to me?
The diaphragm is a muscle.
Maybe you embank it.
Maybe you control it.
Maybe you contain it.
Maybe you stem it.
Get him out of here!
I had a nice long chat with my girlfriend's father.
Get her out of here!
I'm sorry about last night.
This can't be right.
That can't be right.
How did you get in?
It's the largest in the world.
It won't cost you a dime.
I heard that there were alligators in the sewers.
We thought it was hilarious.
I thought it was hilarious.
He thought it was hilarious.
She thought it was hilarious.
His wife died in childbirth.
Oh wow, you are fast.
Oh wow, he's fast.
Oh wow, she's fast.
This company's profit margin is very big.
He's a foreign exchange student.
She's a foreign exchange student.
Tom didn't want to disappoint his parents.
This is a dialectal word.
He's here to spy on us.
She's here to spy on us.
He ran through the streets naked.
They ran through the streets naked.
I have bad news for you.
He's not allowed to leave the country.
You can get a lot of bang for your buck at this store.
He wants the most bang for his buck.
She wants the most bang for her buck.
That doesn't add up.
He goes to a school for the deaf.
They ate some enchiladas.
Can you believe it? He's even lazier than me.
Can you believe it? She's even lazier than me.
"I'm already married," replied Mary.
He lives frugally.
The Germans are in favor of austerity.
No charges have been filed.
No charges have been filed against the suspect.
I need coffee.
She liked that.
He liked that.
She's dependent on her husband.
I'm still in school.
My father is old and boring.
My son likes to play with cars.
He's nothing more than a useful idiot.
She gave me a fake phone number.
He had no memory of the accident.
He says that he has no memory of the evening.
He doesn't even remember what happened last night.
You made the right choice.
He made the right choice.
She made the right choice.
They made the right choice.
Fire is without mercy.
I didn't see her.
I didn't see him.
He's a bad liar.
She's a bad liar.
You're a bad liar.
Flames have no mercy for anyone.
He's a good liar.
She's a good liar.
You're a good liar.
My hair is a mess.
Mary is in love with the boy with blond hair.
Buy or die!
He asked his teacher for advice.
Surrender or die!
She asked her teacher for advice.
She asked her friend for advice.
He asked his friend for advice.
If you do not surrender, you will die!
He asked me on a date.
Your veins contain water.
You have water running through your veins.
I will return to this house victorious!
That's really cute.
Look, there's a rabbit!
It isn't over until it's over.
And please, no chestnuts!
I'll be back by seven, I promise.
How do we get out of here?
Photography is writing with light.
In this town there's the need of a smith.
This town needs a smith.
That's a huge trophy.
He should be hibernated!
He should be freezed!
She should be hibernated!
She should be freezed!
I want to be put into cryogenic sleep.
It should be hibernated!
It should be freezed!
I didn't expect that question.
I didn't expect her to ask me that question.
I didn't expect her to ask me such a question.
I didn't expect this question.
I don't know what to answer.
Is there anyone who can answer?
Never tell him 'I can't answer'.
Never tell him 'I don't know the answer'.
Do all you can in order to answer.
Say something even if you don't know the right answer.
Continue to write until he tells you to stop.
How can I change this sentence?
Please add a full stop at the end of your sentence.
I need a driver to take me home.
I need a driver to take me to the station. It's raining.
Is that what you want?
Is that what he wants?
Is that what she wants?
I'm not sure I want to do this.
He's not sure he wants to do this.
She's not sure he wants to do this.
Which car did you buy?
Where did you buy your car?
How did you buy your car?
Why did you buy a car?
Why did you buy another car?
Why did you buy a second car?
Where did you buy your car from?
Who sold you this car?
Who did you buy this car for?
What did you buy this car for?
Who told you to buy a car?
Do you really need a car?
Why did you buy a French car?
Why didn't you buy a Japanese car?
Do you like your car?
Do you really like your car?
What are you going to do with this car?
What are you going to use this car for?
What is missing in this car?
Where is the money with which you're going to buy a car?
Do you need a car?
Where does this car come from?
What is this car doing here?
Is this car new?
Why do you have two cars?
Why do you have only two cars?
Can't you buy a car?
Why don't you buy a car?
Is this car yours?
That's all right. I understand you. You speak very well.
Keep going straight through the village.
Today I received a splendid news.
I will get up before the day is breaking.
At the next intersection, take a right.
It starts around 8:30.
Everybody laughs at me!
We hold live classes for groups of more than people.
I think tomorrow it's going to rain.
When are you coming to see me?
He said, "Is somebody there?"
The elderly couple died peacefully.
He was delighted at the result.
What an irrelevant question!
You don't lose what you don't have.
A delicate balance must be reached.
I'm friends with her sister.
I'm friends with her brother.
That's just how he is.
That's just how she is.
That's just how I am.
Hello, my friend!
Hello and how are you?
I'm fine, thank you!
I'm good!
Not so well.
I'm not doing well.
Nothing new.
He, as well as his sister, are invited to the party.
You're becoming sweet.
You are becoming sweet.
Can you do me a favor?
For this project I see myself as becoming a Japan and Europe go-between.
This base is now under our control.
I'm now unarmed.
Whatever it is, I didn't do it.
Where on earth were you?
I couldn't have prevented this.
Tell me what I need to know.
In some ways, I envy him; he knows exactly what he wants and he's not afraid to take it.
I apologize in advance for his behaviour.
What on earth were you thinking, bringing him here?
We get on OK.
He studied to be a doctor.
Officially, he works for us as an interpreter.
There is rarely a more beautiful exaggeration in the world than gratitude.
Nobody could catch those last few hens.
These shoes are old, but I still like them.
Who needs that old furniture?
We'll have to go back.
You'll have to cook more food.
He'll have to forget about you.
Bears hibernate during the winter.
There's never enough time to do all you want.
I killed a god.
She asked me if I could sew.
She is not ashamed of her misconduct.
This is not the proper way to hold a teacup.
The first person that I see playing a video game, chatting on QQ, or reading articles on Kaixin, is going to be shown the door. This is a classroom, not a cybercafé.
This house belongs to me.
He said that because he was tired, he'd go home early.
They spent their time playing cards.
I know of a place that you like.
The cat is playing with the children.
I frequently recall my happy childhood.
I lived in this house as a child.
You grabbed my ass!
He grabbed my ass!
She grabbed my ass!
This is just stupid.
Tom has already begun.
He has already begun.
She has already begun.
They have already begun.
He robbed me blind.
She robbed me blind.
They robbed me blind.
Tom took a picture of his own camera.
Tom took a picture of his old camera with his new camera.
The tires are very sticky.
The tyres are very sticky.
Tom is stuck in his sleeping bag. Should we abandon him?
You're too stupid to live.
How deep are the cuts?
The police set up a radar trap.
Have a nice life.
Have a good life.
Tom lives in North Carolina.
He's rather good.
She's rather good.
He is not an American, but he loves America.
She is not an American, but she loves America.
Will it fit?
Tom attended an all-boys school.
He's active and fit.
He has no spatial awareness.
She's active and fit.
She has no spatial awareness.
It's not the answer.
No child should be left behind.
It looks fun. Why don't we try it?
He went to a single-sex school.
She went to a single-sex school.
Meeting girls is hard.
Meeting boys is hard.
He led a vagabond life.
It's really cool here.
My sister is bugging me.
David Beckham is a good footballer.
David Beckham now lives in America.
This is a great theory.
Tom hid the book below his pillow.
This book is full of errors.
Tom doesn't understand the difference between a cathode and an anode.
Tom was eaten by a tiger.
It was handcrafted.
It wasn't an accident.
The crankshaft is broken.
I caught him in the act.
I caught her in the act.
How long is it?
How long did it last?
This Mustang is supercharged.
That's terrifying.
Tom died last year.
She was surprised too.
He was surprised too.
Everything is expensive in London.
Tom lives in Detroit.
Detroit is dangerous city.
He tried it with a friend.
She tried it with a friend.
Is anyone else excited?
There are holes in the floor.
There are holes in the roof.
I believe they're a perfect match.
She was the victim of domestic violence.
Tom needs to see a doctor.
She's a smart girl.
We must never do this again.
This boy has Tourette.
Tom has cerebral palsy.
Tom is a confident young man.
That's exactly what he wanted.
That's exactly what she wanted.
She's too loud.
It happens more often than you would think.
Yours is bigger than mine.
Mine is bigger than yours.
How does it feel to be back?
What was the girl called?
I'll be leaving now.
She's going to love this.
He's going to love this.
He likes sleeping.
She likes sleeping.
The cat likes sleeping.
How can I prevent this from happening?
Stay hydrated!
I hope for nothing, I fear for nothing, I am free.
One day, her dream to be dressed in haute couture came true in an unexpected way.
Are you coming to the party tomorrow?
Vote for your favourite place.
Are you a globe trotter?
Perhaps I am wrong.
It doesn't have any problem.
I just wanna strip my clothes off!
Now the fact is official.
I can't see my dad.
I cannot see my dad.
I'll make a video for you.
I will make a video for you.
I'll make a video of you.
I will make a video of you.
Book the flight to go back home!
I'll miss you during these months.
Sarkozy defended a model of sustainable growth.
He had to withdraw.
Let me eat something today.
Let's follow his advice.
He got the short end of the stick.
She got the short end of the stick.
They got the short end of the stick.
It's the story of a boy, a girl, and a cat.
That's a beautiful piece of meat.
I hate the look of that!
There's more to it than that.
Tom had a car accident in Rome.
The drunk driver damaged a tree.
Tom never got an award.
Don't underestimate his determination.
Don't underestimate her determination.
Tom died from tuberculosis.
She died from turbeculosis.
Tom died from TB.
She died from TB.
It's been saved and printed!
I haven't seen any of his films.
I haven't read any of his books.
I haven't listened to any of his songs.
I haven't read any of his letters.
I haven't seen any of his pictures.
I haven't attended any of his conferences.
I just wrote a negative review about this real estate agency.
I will have it uploaded by Friday.
I have a headache today.
She's not sure she wants to do this.
He was killed by a land mine.
He made a bad decision.
Victory is not assured.
I hate it when women say that all men are the same.
There is more than enough room for improvement.
Spanish on the way.
Nothing is as it used to be.
There was a pair of handcuffs on the bed.
We always have to make efforts to reach our goals.
I rub the soles of my feet with pumice in order to smooth them.
It's always hard to say goodbye.
This is a beautiful piece of meat.
I'm becoming a real man.
This is the first time I've ridden a horse.
This is the first time I've driven a car.
This is the first time I've waited this long.
This is the first time I've baked a cake.
This is the first time I've swum in a lake.
This is the first time I've read a book in Chinese.
This is the first time I've bought a newspaper in this city.
This is the first time I've yelled at Mary.
This is the first time I've gone to the beach.
This is the first time I've watched this film.
This is the first time I've paid a fine.
This is the first time I've called Mary.
This is the first time I've killed a mouse.
This is the first time I've kissed my father.
It's the first time I've thrown up on a train.
This is the first time I've gone to the movies.
This is the first time I've seen this animal.
This is the first time I've played this game.
This is the first time I've set a trap.
This is the first time I've lost my keys.
This is the first time I've written a letter in German.
This is the first time I've taken part in a play.
This is the first time I've drunk this.
This is the first time I've cut my finger with a knife.
This is the first time I've smoked.
This is the first time I've added a sentence in Dutch.
This is the first time I've locked the door.
This is the first time I've fried an egg.
This is the first time I've translated from Italian.
This is the first time I've translated into Italian.
This is the first time I've heard this language.
This is the first time I've ever understood something in that language.
This is the first time I've invited Mary.
This is the first time I've sent flowers to Mary.
It's my first date with Mary.
It's the first time I've prayed in a mosque.
This is the first time I've ever made myself up.
It's the first time I've used a computer.
It's the first time I've finished a book.
It's the first time I've given a speech.
It's the first time I've touched a dolphin.
It's the first time I've laughed this much.
It's the first time I've done shopping in this city.
It's the first time I've shaken hands with the mayor.
It's the first time I've built a wall.
It's the first time I've eaten camel meat.
This is the first time that I am managing a company.
This is the first time I've ever traveled by plane.
This is the first time I've ever lent money to Mary.
This is the first time I've ever borrowed money from Ken.
This is the first time I've ever learnt Chinese.
This is the first time I've ever helped my father.
This is the first time I've ever had lunch out.
This is the first time I've ever had dinner out.
This is the first time I've ever sewed on a button.
This is the first time I've ever met Mary.
This is the first time I've ever shaven my beard.
This is the first time I've ever passed an exam.
This is the first time I've ever attended a lesson.
This is the first time I've ever spoken in Danish.
This is the first time I've ever painted my house.
This is the first time I've ever taken a vacation.
This is the first time I've ever felt nauseous.
This is the first time I've ever got into a mosque.
Yesterday I met Christina.
This is the first time I've ever caught a bird.
This is the first time I've ever milked a cow.
This is the first time I have dug a hole in the backyard.
This is the first time I've ever wasted so much time.
This is the first time I've ever needed help.
This is the first time I've ever asked Mary to help me.
If we're going to do this, let's do it right.
This is the first time I've ever made Mary cry.
You've neither written nor phoned.
This is the first time I've ever beaten my dog.
This is the first time I've ever got angry.
This is the first time I've ever visited my grandmother.
And in a moment we smashed up what it had taken us years to build.
Would you like me to repeat the question?
This is the first time I've ever started the engine.
This is the first time I've ever sweated so much.
This is the first time I've ever come to Paris.
This is the first time I've ever come across a word like this.
This is the first time I've ever found a coin purse.
This is the first time I've ever broken a glass.
This is the first time I've ever told a joke in Swedish.
This is the first time I've ever sung in Russian.
This is the first time I've ever driven Mary to work.
This is the first time I've ever been absent.
This is the first time I've ever tried this dress on.
This is the first time I've ever fixed this machine.
This is the first time I've ever missed the train.
This is the first time I've ever slept in the street.
This is the first time I've ever danced with Mary.
This is the first time I've ever commented a sentence.
This is the first time I've ever breast-fed my baby.
This is the first time I've hugged Mary.
This is the first time I've ever felled a tree.
This is the first time I've ever smelt this perfume.
This is the first time I've ever made a mistake like this.
This is the first time I've ever switched on this lamp.
This is the first time I've ever brought a painter home.
This is the first time I've ever taken the dog out.
This is the first time I've ever fired a worker.
This is the first time I've ever given an example.
This is the first time I've ever memorized a poem.
This is the first time I've ever interrupted the manager.
This is the first time I've ever argued with Mary.
This is the first time I've ever asked the teacher a question.
This is the first time I've ever walked with a stick.
This is the first time I've ever worn a coat.
This is the first time I've ever had a rest in my office.
This is the first time I've ever squashed a cockroach.
This is the first time I've ever had a nap in the classroom.
This is the first time I've ever been pregnant.
This is the first time I've ever greeted Marika in Finnish.
This is the first time I've ever taught Marika a Berber word.
This is the first time I've ever pronounced this word correctly.
If you do this, you will regret it for the rest of your life.
This is the first time I've ever revised English grammar.
The football match was broadcasted live on television.
This is the first time I've ever crossed a river.
This is the first time I've ever knocked a dog down with my car.
This is the first time I've ever corrected exam papers.
This is the first time I've ever shot with a rifle.
This is the first time I've ever planted a tree.
This is the first time I've ever talked to Marika in Finnish.
This is the first time I've ever applied this ointment on my wound.
This is the first time I've ever jumped from a train.
This is the first time I've ever forgetten Marika's number.
This is the first time I've ever made Marika happy.
This is the first time I've ever made Marika laugh.
This is the first time I've ever dropped Marika off at the hospital.
This is the first time I've ever dreamt about Marika.
This is the first time I've ever smiled at Marika.
This is the first time I've ever mentioned Marika.
This is the first time I've ever mopped my room.
This is the first time I've ever washed my car.
This is the first time I've ever hired a driver.
This is the first time I've ever breathed pure air.
This is the first time I've ever burnt my pants with a cigarette.
I didn't knit it for him.
This is the first time I've ever called Marika back.
This is the first time I've ever upset Marika.
This is the first time I've ever addressed Marika in Berber.
This is the first time I've ever accepted a gift from a customer.
This is the first time I've ever won a prize.
This is the first time I've ever thought about this.
This is the first time I've ever phoned Marika.
This is the first time I've ever boarded a plane.
This is the first time I've ever got on a boat.
This is the first time I've ever got tired of translating.
This is the first time I've ever received a letter from Marika.
This is the first time I've ever stamped a document.
This is the first time I've looked Marika in the eye.
This is the first time I've ever searched Marika's name on Google.
This is the first time I've ever got across this river.
Do you smell that?
I'm not drunk.
I have a giant's strength to win your favor; but to lose you, none.
Poor piteous reasoning. Weak beyond contempt your haughty minds!
Near such high virtue, every maiden fear takes wing at once.
They live in peace.
We're just pretending.
How is your progress?
She's just a child.
This is where you're wrong.
I doubt there's anyone following me.
He asked for a pay raise.
Russia is the largest country in the world.
There's still so much to do!
To make things even worse, he got sick.
To make things worse still, he became sick.
We're positive that they forgot to call us.
That man sold his soul to the devil.
We'll try one more time.
Let's give it one more try.
The important thing to remember is that no one is ever one hundred percent anything.
Compared to before, it's already improved greatly.
He can also speak a little Greek.
It's probably just a phase.
Against all expectations, we became good friends.
What they did next was bad, even by my standards.
And who did you learn that from?
His hair is so long it reaches the floor.
We can see who's laughing, but not who's crying.
I got the autograph of a celebrity.
Dora is an explorer.
A man who chooses to commit himself in politics to the extent where he becomes a visible figure, would do himself a favor by not having skeletons in the closet.
I can't understand if you speak Norwegian.
How's your arm?
You have to like teaching in order to do it.
Are there books on the table?
You have to take a shower.
The question is who's going to do it.
I just wanted to see if you knew it.
I do not know whether to take it as a compliment or an insult.
He lives in the city.
Where did you lose your umbrella?
To maintain a friendship, there must be mutual affection.
The award should be for me!
According to AMeDAS, the amount of precipitation in the village has exceeded 1,mm in three days.
You are free to say what you think.
There are plenty of funny expressions in Japanese, for example, "Chi no kayotta".
Thou know’st the mask of night is on my face, else would a maiden blush bepaint my cheek.
It will be five or ten years before the technology is ready.
I cannot accept this student in my school.
I cannot add a sentence like this to Tatoeba.
I cannot address the manager in a language he doesn't speak.
I cannot aim at the bird. It's too far.
I cannot argue with Taninna. She's my uncle's wife.
I cannot ask the teacher about that.
This is the first time I've ever assembled an engine.
I cannot assemble this engine. I have no experience.
I cannot attend the conference.
This is the first time I've ever told Taninna 'I love you'.
I cannot bake bread. I don't have an oven.
I cannot bark like a dog. I'm a cat.
I cannot bask in the sun. It's too hot now.
I cannot be absent. I'm the manager.
I cannot beat my dog. I love him too much.
I cannot bleat like a sheep. I'm a shepherd dog.
I cannot board a plane. I am afraid of planes.
I cannot boil water. There is no gas.
I cannot borrow money. I hate this.
I cannot brag about my team. It always loses games.
I cannot brake! The brakes are broken!
I cannot leave my money here.
I cannot stop from thinking about this problem.
I cannot deal with this problem without help.
I cannot bray like a donkey. I'm a horse.
I cannot break this computer. It's not mine.
I cannot breast-feed my baby. I don't have milk.
I cannot breathe pure air. I live in a large city.
I cannot bring my car. There is no parking.
I cannot step on the grass. It's forbidden.
I cannot bring this wall down by myself.
I cannot build a house. I don't have money.
I cannot lie to Taninna. She's my wife.
I cannot buy this book. It's too expensive.
I cannot calculate this. I am not an engineer.
I cannot call the manager now. It's too late.
I cannot call Taninna back. I don't have money.
You were probably too tense, and that prevented you from sleeping well.
I cannot call Taninna names. I respect her.
I cannot card the wool. This is Taninna's job.
I cannot catch birds. I don't like that.
I cannot change my clothes. There is no room where I can do that.
I cannot check my mailbox. There is no Internet here.
I cannot cheep like a sparrow. I'm a pigeon.
I cannot chew anything. I am toothless.
I cannot bite. I have no teeth.
This is the first time I've ever bitten my tongue.
"This is the first time I've ever clawed my owner", said the cat.
"I cannot claw my owner", said the cat.
I cannot scratch. I don't have finger nails.
I cannot clear the backyard by myself.
I cannot climb this mountain.
This is the first time I've ever climbed a mountain.
This is the first time I've ever closed my store at four.
This is the first time I've ever coated my house with plaster.
I cannot come next week.
I cannot authorize Ken to go abroad.
I cannot comment on this sentence, as I don't speak Russian.
This is the first time I've ever complained to the manager.
I cannot complain to the teacher. She's very hard.
I cannot console Taninna. She doesn't want to talk to anyone.
I cannot coo like a pigeon. I'm a hawk.
I cannot correct this sentence. I don't know Polish.
I cannot crawl like this. My knees hurt.
I cannot cross this river. It's too wide.
You only find out who is swimming naked when the tide goes out.
I cannot cut the meat by myself. Help me.
I cannot dance with Taninna. I'm too shy.
I cannot date Mary. She's Ken's fiancée.
This is the first time I've ever grown a beard.
I cannot grow a beard in the army.
I cannot shave my beard.
This is the first time I've ever decorated my house.
I cannot decorate this house. It's not mine.
I cannot dig a hole in the middle of the street.
I cannot disturb the doctor at this time.
I cannot do shopping in this country. I don't know a word of Spanish.
I cannot draw a car. It's too difficult.
I cannot drill the door. This is Ken's job.
I cannot drink this. I don't know what it is.
I cannot drive a car. I don't have a driver's license.
I cannot drive Taninna to school. My car is broken down.
I cannot drop Taninna here. There is a policeman.
Please do not forget capital letters.
It's good to talk to you.
Is anyone else excited about this?
It has begun.
It's not supposed to happen.
This was not supposed to happen.
She was better than I expected.
He was better than I expected.
They were better than I expected.
He managed to escape through a window.
That was just plain stupid.
What was the boy called?
My cat is really smart.
I cannot dry my hair. I don't have a hairdrier.
I cannot dye my hair. My mother would kill me!
I cannot eat carrots. I don't like them.
You are such a crazy driver; you drive me crazy.
I cannot live in water. I'm not a fish.
I cannot encourage Ken. He's my opponent.
This is the first time I've ever put out a fire with sand.
This is the first time I've ever fallen down the stairs.
This is the first time I've ever fanned myself with a true fan.
I cannot fan myself with Taninna's magazine. She would get mad at me.
This is the first time I've ever fed Ken's dog.
I just wanted to see what would happen.
What happens if I press this button?
I cannot feed John's dog. It's too vicious.
I wonder what happens if I press this button.
This is the first time I've ever felt dizzy in a car.
He does not understand modern technology.
I cannot fell this tree. It's very big.
This is the first time I've ever fought at work.
This is the first time I've ever filled my pitcher with honey.
He likes to dress up as a police officer.
She likes to dress up as a police officer.
She likes to dress up as a nurse.
I cannot fill my pitcher with water. It's cracked.
I cannot find a solution. Help me.
I cannot finish my work today.
The world rests on the back of a great turtle.
The world rests upon an elephant and the elephant rests upon a tortoise.
I cannot fire Ken. He's a good worker.
This is the first time I've ever fished at the dam.
I cannot fish on the lake. It's forbidden.
I cannot fix this machine. It's very difficult.
For the time being, we must give him the benefit of the doubt.
I am fixing the washing machine.
Tom is fixing the refrigerator.
This is the first time I've ever folded the big carpet by myself.
I cannot fold this big carpet by myself.
This is the first time I've ever followed someone to know where they live.
I cannot live in such a neighborhood.
I cannot forget Taninna's face.
I cannot fry these eggs. They are rotten.
I am getting across the river.
Tom is getting across the river.
I cannot get across this river. It's too deep.
I cannot get angry with Taninna. She's my only sister.
I cannot get into this office if the manager is not here.
I cannot open this box without breaking it.
I cannot get on this boat if I don't find my luggage.
I cannot get pregnant. I am sterile.
I cannot get tired of Taninna. I love her so much.
I cannot give this dictionary to anyone.
I cannot go down the stairs. Both my legs are broken.
I cannot go to the stadium by myself.
I cannot go up the stairs by myself. I'm old and I need an elevator.
I cannot greet Tania in Slovene. I don't know this language.
This is the first time I've ever grilled meat in my home.
I cannot grill this meat. It has gone bad!
This is the first time I've ever hung a picture in my office.
I cannot hang a picture in my office. It's forbidden.
This is the first time I've ever hung out washing in the balcony.
This is the first time I've ever hung up my washing.
The more you know him, the more you like him.
I was left behind.
Put your gun down.
He's an ordinary looking guy.
She's a plain looking girl.
I believe we can get that done.
I'm familiar with the situation.
You're completely delusional.
This sentence is too long.
It happened in Rome.
You know the drill.
This is not good at all.
I'm happy and satisfied.
She's happy and satisfied.
This is insubordination.
I have faith in the future.
My hands are tied.
No one was punished for the fiasco.
You know how it is.
I'll see you around.
That poor family survives on food stamps.
She screamed bloody murder.
This is plagiarism.
You're very observant.
He's good at what he does.
She's good at what she does.
This is not about money.
I'd love to know everything about you.
No one told me.
Your pants are unzipped.
He unzipped his pants.
She unzipped her pants.
Nobody except the king admires the king.
The tallest and smallest men in the world both joined the circus.
I'd like a word with you in private.
There are exactly two goblins who each hate every wizard.
The Queen of England is related to the King of Sweden.
Not every country belongs to the U.N.
Tom likes to wear tight pants.
I assumed it was free.
I think Tom is acting a little suspicious.
Call security!
Is this legal?
She kept her promise.
He kept his promise.
Is this cool?
Is this nice?
He doesn't play video games.
Tom is embarrassed about buying condoms.
Respect your elders.
You must respect your elders.
This is very true.
Tom is lazy and spoiled.
I'm outraged!
Stay out of my way!
This is not what I ordered.
My grandpa believes that the moon landing was a hoax.
She believes in naturopathy.
He was killed by a blunt weapon.
We're getting closer.
You're getting closer.
I saw a shadow move behind that tree!
I feel like someone is watching us.
Africa is not a country.
You must RSVP by the end of the week.
Respect your parents. They pay for the internet.
What an unfortunate coincidence!
Some people believe that polar bears walk around freely in the streets of Norway. Luckily, it's just nonsense.
I was beginning to worry about you.
Have you heard from the rest of the team?
He wants you to come home.
The aim is to be out of the country within the hour.
I had a nagging sensation that I'd seen him somewhere before.
She kicked me in the balls.
He kicked me in the balls.
"That bitch kicked me in the balls." "You deserved it."
This scares the shit out of me.
They used truth serum.
I can't stay for long.
We'll do it together.
Don't touch this!
The check bounced.
What the hell is that thing?
We make a great team.
They make a great team.
I want some information.
She's the girl of my dreams.
We made waffles.
Do you want to see some magic?
They were high school sweethearts.
We've all done it.
Tom was caught masturbating by his mother.
He was caught masturbating by his mother.
Tom still believes in trickle-down economics.
Enjoy the show.
Stop him!
Stop her!
This should be good!
They're all dead.
Mary likes decorating cakes.
They found out.
She's smart and beautiful.
He's smart and beautiful.
I think Tom is hurt. Blood is coming out of his head!
Tom came home drunk from a party.
I took care of her cat.
That can't possibly be true.
I will try to sleep again later.
When they swore at my father, they swore at me too.
They know what they have done to me.
They are pleased to see me suffering.
Killing a person's culture is like killing them.
This is exactly what happened here.
They tried to eradicate my culture.
They tried to exterminate my people.
We should not lose courage.
We should not lose patience.
We should not lose hope.
We should try to do something.
This is the list of all the people buried here.
This cannot be called life.
Every morning I ask myself why.
It wasn't just my children who died in the war.
Thousands of other children were murdered in that war.
In Africa, there is no difference between a white and a black.
They were killed just because they were not whites.
Despite all this, I forgave the people who killed my children.
I wouldn't wish this on anybody.
Nothing is more difficult than having something and then losing it.
God, give us patience!
It is very difficult to talk about what happened.
I no longer have anything to lose.
They couldn't defend themselves.
It is worth fighting for future generations.
We have to leave something to our children.
He doesn't have his phone on him.
Please don't hang up.
Put it on speaker phone.
It wasn't my wife on the phone.
It wasn't your fault.
Who used to do this?
Who're you calling now?
This is the first time I've ever asked Taninna out.
I cannot ask Taninna out. I don't speak Berber very well.
This is the first time I've ever backed up this car.
I will never have a son.
I will never have a daughter.
I sometimes have a hard time choosing whether I should listen to reason or my feelings.
Floppy disks became obsolete long ago, but I still have some, and I still use them.
A historical event at Tatoeba: on July 12, 2012, Esperanto outstripped Japanese in terms of number of sentences and took second place in the ranking of languages.
Where I live, I enjoy spring the most, because the winter is too cold, the summer is too hot, and the autumn is too wet.
Marika is Finnish, but she looks like an Asian girl.
Now I love you guys even more!
This is the first time I've ever harvested with my father.
I cannot harvest. I don't have a sickle.
I cannot have dinner out. I'm very busy.
I cannot have lunch out. I have a meeting after a while.
I cannot have a nap at the office.
I cannot have a rest now. I have a lot of work to attend to.
The wounds are healing.
I cannot hear anything. I'm deaf.
I cannot help you. I myself need help.
Coherence is dead.
I cannot hire a driver. I don't have money for that.
I cannot howl like a jackal. I'm a goat!
I cannot hug Taninna. She doesn't love me anymore.
I cannot imitate the President. I dislike that.
I cannot inflate all these balloons.
I cannot interrupt the manager. He's gonna fire me!
I cannot invite Taninna. We don't talk to each other.
I cannot iron my clothes. I have no iron.
I cannot jump to the sea. I don't know how to swim.
I cannot kill a mouse, let alone a little bird.
I cannot kiss Taninna. We are not married yet.
I cannot knead this dough by myself. I need you to help me.
I cannot laugh in front of the cameras.
I cannot learn Icelandic. It's too difficult.
This is the first time I've ever left my car without locking its doors.
I cannot leave. It's too early.
I cannot lend this dictionary. I always need it.
I cannot lick my fingers. I'm not a cat.
This is the first time I've ever lied to my father and I am ashamed of myself.
This is the first time I've ever lighted a candle with a lighter.
I cannot light this candle. It's wet.
This is the first time I've ever listened to Hungarian music.
I cannot lock the door. I have lost the key.
I cannot look at these pictures. They are horrible.
This is the first time I've ever lain on this grass.
I love technology, but like most people, I've never played an active role in its development.
Open source is a philosophy that encourages openness, sharing, and modification.
I cannot lie on the grass. We are at the royal palace!
It's the first time I've made my bed!
The president of every country knows the president of every other country.
I'm always going to be looking for ways to use technology to automate or improve production, to make projects replicable by others.
The result of dividing the circumference of a circle by its diameter is equal to pi.
No house has only one roach in it.
I cannot make my bed. I don't have time for that!
The Queen of Hearts' only daughter is loved by exactly three suitors.
Why is open source such a sausage fest?
At least two known terrorists are hated by everyone except themselves.
The lord of the elves will cross the sea only if the lord of Mordor is defeated.
So did Hitler really only have one ball?
Anyone who respects someone who respects the current president of the United States is not respected by at least one person.
The wall from which Humpty Dumpty fell is not the Great Wall of China.
I want everybody to know what open source is, how it works, what it can be used for and what its implications are.
I cannot make Taninna happy. She doesn't love me.
What do I do all day?
I cannot make Taninna laugh. She doesn't like my jokes.
So where do I go?
Where do I go then?
The woman Argyle hoped to marry was the woman the man she hoped to marry hoped to marry.
Something's happening here, and what it is ain't exactly clear.
This is the boy who played with the toy that scared the frog that splashed the dog that chased the cat that ate the rat that killed the mouse that lived in the house that Jack built.
I cannot make such a mistake. Russian is my native tongue.
Jihad Against Islam's Call for Jihad.
Every human envies the human admired by every Vulcan.
Someday the USA will elect a woman president, and it won't be pretty.
There is no greatest positive integer.
Checkmate.
Now that's a pretty little girls' school.
They were attacking people, not peaceful people.
"Bad hair day".
I cannot put on makeup in the month of Ramadan.
I cannot manage a company. It's too hard for me.
Will he come? I don't think he will come.
If at least two people are great, then no one is the only great person.
The dog next door is dangerous.
The fridge is not empty, unless the repairman took the last beer.
Al is married to Betty's only daughter.
The red house is the house that Jack built.
Russell is not the only author of Principia Mathematica.
The person who shot JFK worked for the CIA.
Jeremy is Cory's oldest son.
All hail the king.
The exam that every student failed is harder than the exam that every student passed.
If you can't be with the one you love, love the one you're with.
The coach of the basketball team is looking for the tallest student.
The coach doesn't know who the tallest student is.
The coach is looking for a certain student, and the speaker describes that student as "the tallest student". The coach may not even know that that student is the tallest.
The king of Sweden's only son is married to one of Herbert's daughters.
Carla is the one freshman who aced every course in which she enrolled.
The CEO of IBM is the spouse of someone present.
The former president of the United States is the only American who knows the president of every country.
The teacher ordered the students to gather around the big tree.
This is the dog that chased the cat that stalked the mouse that lived in the house that Jack built.
The square of the length of the hypotenuse of any right triangle is equal to the sum of the squares of the lengths of its base and vertical sides.
Bill hates George only if Pat hates Bill.
Being careful and diligent is necessary, but not sufficient for passing this course.
Some professors don't understand this problem.
Danny DeVito and ferocious lions and tigers are best avoided.
Lawyers and real estate agents are rich or obnoxious.
If all professors bore all of their students, then all professors are wasting their time.
Some lion Bruce Willis is chasing is a formidable animal, but is not ferocious.
The only students who pass are the ones who work.
Only slackers fail if and only if the only unfair professors are on sabbatical.
Someone is not respected by anyone.
Any professor who is bored by everything bores all of his or her students.
Some underpaid professors are also secretaries, and some overworked administrators are professors, but no administrator is a secretary.
I don't have time to explain in detail.
Others thought of the blue cross.
If a student and his or her professor bore each other, then both are wasting their time.
This doesn't concern us.
Esperanto is a small language, but… it keeps on growing.
Brazil is a big country with great people.
It all seems pointless.
The question was obviously unexpected.
It's clear that the passport is a forgery.
Tomorrow's laundry day.
There's always tomorrow.
Everyone who respects oneself is respected by everyone who respects someone.
Cicero is Tully.
Daniel is the only child of Jacob.
The police followed up all their leads, but came up empty handed.
I hope you realize that I'm putting my reputation on the line by helping you.
If you want to get a hold on your spending you should start by cutting up all your credit cards.
Rebecca has at least two daughters.
Cain was not his brother's keeper.
The basic design of the humble paper clip has not changed in over one hundred years.
Men have an X and Y chromosome; women, two Xs.
People used to buy their smokes at a tobacconist. Now they buy them at a convenience store.
Carl is the tallest man alive.
The only pear left on the tree is rotten.
There are only two primes between and 14.
Every affluent person owns at least two cars.
At most, one Richmonder will win the lottery.
Every positive integer has exactly one successor.
There are no more than two villains in Gotham.
Batman and Robin are the only heroes in Gotham.
Kay respects everyone but herself.
Everything is identical to something.
Exactly one student respects every professor.
No more than one professor is respected by every student.
Aristotle and Descartes are the only philosophers who are smarter than all of their disciples.
Two is the only prime whose successor is prime.
No one respects anyone who respects everyone but him or herself.
For nothing this wide universe I call, Save thou, my rose; in it thou art my all.
For I call the whole universe nothing, Except you, my rose; in it you are my everything.
The scientists of Canada are revolting.
This is the first time I've ever massaged my knees with this ointment.
I cannot massage my back by myself.
Correlation does not equal causation.
I cannot meet him out. It's raining.
I cannot melt this ice. There is no fire.
The snow is melting away.
The candle is melting down.
This is the first time I've ever mended a carpet.
I cannot mend this carpet. It's too old.
I cannot memorize such a poem. It's too long.
This is the first time I've ever memorized a dialog.
I cannot mention Taninna's name in presence of her father!
I cannot meow like a cat. I'm a mouse!
I cannot milk this cow. It's sick.
It was the first time I mimed the teacher and I made all the students laugh.
I cannot mime Ken in presence of the teacher.
I cannot miss the train. I always come to the station on time.
I cannot mock Ken. He's my brother.
I cannot moo like a cow. I'm a mare!
I cannot mop this floor. It's too dirty.
I cannot neigh like a horse. I'm a donkey!
This is the first time I've ever opened this door.
I am painting my garage.
The dog is panting.
I cannot paint this house in one day.
Taninna is paling.
This is the first time I've ever parked my car in the woods.
I cannot park my car in this neighborhood. There are a lot of thieves here.
I cannot pass this exam. It's very difficult.
This is the first time I've ever patted a lion.
I cannot pat this dog. I am afraid it might bite me.
I cannot pay this fine. I don't have money.
This is the first time I've ever pegged up my clothes.
This house has triple–pane windows.
I cannot peg up my clothes. It's too windy.
This building has a low ecological footprint.
I cannot phone Marika. She lives in Finland!
It's the first time I have picked my nose in the presence of the teacher. I didn't know she was looking at me.
I cannot pick my nose here. There are too many people.
I cannot plant trees here. This land is too dry.
I am planting an orange tree.
Tom is planting a palm tree in his backyard.
I cannot play this game. I don't like it.
I am playing a computer game.
This is the first time I've ever plucked a chicken.
I am plowing my land.
Tom is plowing his field.
This is the first time I've ever plowed this land.
I cannot plow this land with one bull. I need a second one.
I cannot pluck the chicken. I cut my fingers with a knife.
This is the first time I've ever poured a glass of this drink.
I cannot pray now.
Amayas is praying.
I am praying in my room.
I cannot pronounce this word. It has no vowels.
I am pronouncing Chinese words.
Tom is pronouncing Berber words.
This is the first time I've ever pruned this plum tree.
I cannot prune this tree. It's too high.
It's the first time I've pulled Taninna's hair just like she pulls mine.
I cannot pull Taninna's hair. She's much taller than me.
I cannot purr like a cat. I'm a dog!
It's the first time I've put a cigarette out before finishing it.
I cannot put this fire out without help! Come to help me!
This is the first time I've ever put away my computer into this cupboard.
I cannot put my clothes into Taninna's cupboard. She would be mad!
This is the first time I've ever put my little son into bed. His mother is too busy.
Tom is reading a history book.
I am reading short stories.
I cannot read this magazine. It's for women.
I cannot receive messages. My mailbox has problems.
The station replaced cartoons for yet another sports broadcast.
This is the first time I've ever recruited a cook.
I cannot recruit a cleaner. I can clean my office by myself.
I cannot remember Taninna's last name.
This is the first time I've ever repeated a year.
I cannot repeat the year. I must pass the exam.
I am revising my Chinese lessons.
Tom is revising for his exam of tomorrow.
I cannot revise with this noise.
I cannot ride a horse. My leg is broken.
I cannot rinse the dishes. There is no water.
I cannot roar like a lion. I'm a jackal.
Tom is running in order to catch the bus.
I am running in order to catch the train.
I cannot run. My feet hurt.
This is the first time I've ever run in order to catch the train.
I cannot scare the birds away. I am not a scarecrow.
This is the first time I've ever scared a dog away just by shouting.
This is the first time I've ever scolded a student.
I cannot scold Taninna. She's still a little girl.
It's the first time I've scratched Taninna just as she scratches me.
I am screaming because I saw a mouse!
The Canadian governement has closed the Experimental Lakes Area research site.
It's the first time I've screamed in presence of the manager. I saw a big cockroach on the table!
The Canadian governement has cut back funding for environmental research.
Where is the Red Cross?
Where's the Red Cross?
I keep on not understanding.
I have to be home tonight before it gets dark.
I always felt like she was hiding something.
There were so many shops!
You didn't answer me.
There are a lot of people.
I like to sail when it isn't really windy.
It's better if you put all that in a box so that you don't lose anything.
You have to learn to respect people as they are.
I know the president of that club very well.
Hey John, how's it going?
Cocoa can be very bitter.
I have to go shopping. I will come back in an hour.
Jack doesn't have enough money to buy himself a new bicycle.
They trusted you.
He trusted you.
She trusted you.
I know that you know.
He knows that you know.
She knows that you know.
I know that she knows.
I know that he knows.
This is today's newspaper.
How many times a week do you do fun things with you children?
I believe that's correct.
He's a job creator.
He's a successful businessman.
She's a successful businesswoman.
I'm hungry because I haven't had lunch.
Sometimes we teach, sometimes we learn.
She went ballistic when I said that.
He went ballistic.
If you only have the B antigen, your blood is type B.
This company uses cheap labor to increase its profit margins.
This house runs the risk of collapsing.
What car did he take?
We didn't see anything.
This is an excellent point, Professor Tom.
The strange food has a good taste.
Tomorrow, I start the diet.
The radar broke.
This summer is incredibly hot.
This girl is incredibly hot.
Some would say that he's playing with fire.
She fell in love with a young artist.
They were worried about getting caught.
The United States has officially ended economic sanctions against Burma.
I'm happy with it.
There must be a misunderstanding.
There must be some misunderstanding.
As soon as I see him, I'll kill him.
Is this microphone live?
Act according to the rules.
If it's sunny, let's go to the club.
I'll call you as soon as I can.
I'll do as you want.
I can help you if you let me.
The book you brought is not mine.
The book that you brought is not mine.
If you're going to the party, let me know.
If you can't come, we'll understand.
If I tell him the truth, she will never forgive me.
If I tell her the truth, she will never forgive me.
If you tell me your name, I can tell you mine.
If you teach me your language, I can teach you mine.
Don't do anything he asks.
When you feel lonely, remember the happy moments we spent together.
This mug is made of iron.
I'm very hungry today.
You're not born evil; you learn how to be evil.
Look at him. He doesn't deserve that.
Look at those people... they don't deserve that!
Few people can type using all fingers.
Are all the doors locked?
I cannot search this word in the dictionary. I don't know the Arabic alphabet.
I cannot see the stars. It's cloudy.
This is the first time I've ever sold a house.
I cannot sell this car. I still need it.
I cannot send money to my family. I don't have a job.
I cannot set a trap here. It's forbidden to hunt.
I cannot sew buttons on this jacket. I need a stonger needle.
This is the first time I've ever shaken with cold.
I cannot shake hands with the mayor. I had an argument with him last week.
This is the first time I've ever put pepper on my eggs.
This is the first time I've ever sharpened my knives.
I cannot sharpen this knife. It's too old and rusted.
I am shaving in the bathroom.
Tom is shaving in his room.
This is the first time I've ever sheared my sheep.
I cannot shear my sheep now. It's still cold.
I cannot shoot with a gun. My fingers are broken.
Tom is shooting with a machine-gun.
I am shooting with a Russian machine-gun.
This is the first time I've ever shouted at Taninna.
I cannot shout at Marika. She's a guest and she comes from abroad.
I cannot show my teeth. They are in a bad state.
This is the first time I've ever signed a contract.
I cannot sign a contract without reading it.
I cannot sing in Chinese. It's too difficult.
Tom is singing a beautiful song.
I am singing in Berber.
This is the first time I've ever slaughtered a sheep.
I cannot slaughter a bull by myself. I need two people to help me.
I cannot sleep in the street. It's too cold.
I cannot smell this perfume. I would sneeze.
I cannot smile at Taninna. She doesn't like me.
I cannot smoke. I am sick.
This is the first time I've ever sneezed this much.
That was the first time I ever snored.
I cannot speak Chinese. I can just read it.
I am speaking in Finnish. It's the only language Marika knows.
Tom is speaking in Dutch! I didn't know he knew this language.
This is the first time I've ever spun wool.
I cannot spin wool. Only my grandmother knows how to do it.
During the meeting, Tom was assigned to a long list of action items.
I have an ever growing list of to-do items.
Everyone who respects exactly one classmate is respected by exactly two classmates.
The shards of thought were scattered on the ground.
Excessive choice results in the inability to choose.
And the Devil did grin, for his darling sin is pride that apes humility.
It is presently very difficult to calm down and treat oneself with a book.
Translation is a scholarly discipline.
Internet is very slow.
Translation is a kind of special skill.
There have been many revolutions over the last century, but perhaps none as significant as the longevity revolution.
We are living on average today thirty four years longer than our great-grandparents did.
The end of the world will have to wait.
We have everything under control.
Say it to your sister!
This song sounds like one I heard a few minutes ago.
The forward of his command should learn to admit defeats.
As I lost so much, I finally started to find myself.
It's a fabulous game!
Why is it necessary to resolve conflicts?
What does your sister do now?
My team is always losing.
They accepted each other.
Write these new vocabulary words in your notebook.
I need some cardboard boxes to pack my possessions.
Isn't it Tuesday?
What is your favorite sport?
They say you should use your imagination.
This meat has a bad smell.
He deserves his share.
Math is my least favorite subject.
I hate math most of all.
I cannot understand anything he said.
So, what do you serve at your restaurant?
I tried to pretend I was something I wasn't.
I'm allergic to gluten.
I weigh kilograms.
You shouldn't drink stagnant water.
You can't pay someone to sleep for you.
Is it possible to drink salt water?
It depends on how strong it is.
He died a few days later.
You're so beautiful in that dress.
I do it because I have to.
It was not always this way.
I'd like to be a dentist in the future.
This bird can fly.
I got one!
He got away.
Let your imagination run wild.
Can you catch the chicken?
He caught the chicken.
She caught the chicken.
I would like to punch Tom in the head.
This needs to change.
It's popular in China.
A jug fills drop by drop.
Shopping malls are popular among teenagers.
He's young, naive and inexperienced.
She's young, naive and inexperienced.
Who controls the internet?
Who owns the Internet?
This is the perfect place.
Old people have difficulty understanding modern technology.
They offer free condoms.
I never said that it wasn't a good idea.
Many young people in Spain are unemployed.
My phone is vibrating.
You have cream on the tip of your nose.
My head is full of words for you.
I have so many words in my head that I feel they wouldn't be exhausted even if I wrote to you every day for the rest of my life.
Tom is suspicious of Europeans.
I'm hungry and thirsty.
He's hungry and thirsty.
She's hungry and thirsty.
I've never done this in my life.
Now listen up well, these might well be my last words.
I need some mental stimulation.
It's a proven fact.
It was a resounding success.
The words in my head form streets and buildings, entire cities. I want to take you there.
It sounds easy.
It sounded easy.
I am the laziest person I know.
He's the laziest person I know.
She's the laziest person I know.
You're the laziest person I know.
He was very pleased with the result.
She was very pleased.
He opened the bag's zipper.
Tom could go there within minutes.
There is always something to translate in Tatoeba.
It was thought that seaweed and plants were similar, but today they correspond to two different kingdoms.
Lungs, heart, veins, arteries and capillaries form the cardiovascular system.
The stomach and the large and small intestines form the digestive system.
Bacteria usually form colonies.
Are you ready to put it in?
We're ready to put the boat in the water.
Things are looking great.
Where's the oar?
Our budget is very limited.
They used a high-speed camera.
I need to warn my mom.
She was in the shower.
He was in the shower.
They were in the shower.
She's in the shower.
He's in the shower.
They're in the shower.
Why are we doing this?
Why are they doing this?
Why is she doing this?
Why is he doing this?
Why am I doing this?
You did it in front of the staff.
They did it in front of the staff.
She did it in front of the staff.
He did it in front of the staff.
He began to sweat.
She began to sweat.
I began to sweat.
Where is everybody?
Let's get back to work.
They're dangerous, and they have no natural predators.
They have no natural predators.
The clock is ticking.
Steam is coming out of the engine.
It's more dangerous than I thought.
The world is more dangerous than I thought.
Europe is more dangerous than I thought.
I am delighted to be here.
I'm delighted to be here.
I had a fender bender on my way to work.
Don't try this at home.
It's only effective at close range.
I need more power.
This is sometimes called the walk of shame.
Tom faces a conundrum.
I can't show you.
You want me to show you how to do it?
I'm ordering you to leave immediately.
This is a scam.
Can you please look the other way?
He jimmied the lock.
Jimmy jimmied the lock.
I don't care what you do with your money.
Let's see what happens.
I live in Yolo County.
I wish she would stop complaining.
Take it off.
She has red hair and freckles.
He has red hair and freckles.
I don't care what you do.
She was panting.
He was panting.
They were panting.
Sometimes you gotta do what you gotta do.
This is the perfect location.
A dust storm is coming.
This is Tom's camel.
He's nervous and excited.
She's nervous and excited.
I'm nervous and excited.
This is for your protection.
It's go time.
The stranger challenged Tom to a streetfight.
It's perfectly understandable.
He's young and healthy.
She's young and healthy.
They're young and healthy.
He's walking around in his underwear.
She's walking around in panties and bra.
Everything is possible.
Tom's dream is to live in a small town in the south of France.
We love our customers.
It's every man for himself.
She deserved it.
You deserved it.
I deserved it.
They deserved it.
Do you want to touch it?
That doesn't work at all.
This guy is really hot.
This girl is really hot.
He's adorable.
She's adorable.
He's very talented.
She's very talented.
I was worried for nothing.
He stood up for what was right.
She stood up for what was right.
They stood up for what was right.
He's innocent.
She's innocent.
It's just too soon.
She maxed out her credit card.
He maxed out her credit card.
I maxed out my credit card.
You were perfect.
He was perfect.
She was perfect.
It gets better.
The French like to eat frog legs.
The French like to eat snails.
The girls won.
How can this be done?
How can it be done?
This is extremely awkward.
I danced in the fire.
He danced in the fire.
They danced in the fire.
She danced in the fire.
I know as little as you do.
Men don't drive as well as women.
Women don't drive as well as men.
She's very good at parallel parking.
It may seem odd.
Our clients are the most important to us.
Women are better at this than men.
Men are better at this than women.
They hid in the cellar.
She's multilingual.
Tom is in charge of the barbecue.
Tom is the man of the house.
He came out on top.
She came out on top.
He's looking at dinosaurs.
That ended better than I expected.
Tom studied German in college.
She's an Asian-American.
He's an Asian-American.
He was not impressed.
She was not impressed.
I've never witnessed so much debauchery in my entire life.
One day, we'll all have to die.
The children are full of energy.
Even angels can't satisfy everyone.
Could you loan money to my brother?
From whose hand should I take something?
It is said that truth always triumphs.
I've been sick since Sunday.
The percentage of lipids in an animal cell is about 8%.
He's always busy.
I think the eggs that I just ate were rotten.
One day when I was around the fountain, a poor woman came up to me asking for something to drink.
Do not play with the key.
I just got a good idea.
I work in an accounting office.
I get it.
I'm available in case you need something.
In a morning stroll, I was able to take excellent photos.
I signed the form.
Where can I buy it?
You're reliable.
This spoon is for soup.
This spoon is for tea.
Where's the pan lid?
I am not a dwarf. I am of short stature.
It's a fortnight trip from here.
I read only detective novels.
They went on a cruise and bought jewellery, paid for by Health Canada dollars.
I guess I fell through the cracks.
Tom is tall and strong.
We met them at the youth hostel.
Before using this product, carefully read this manual and the additional information in the expanded version of this manual available at our Web site.
Retain this manual for future reference.
To reduce the risk of fire or electric shock, do not expose this apparatus to rain or moisture.
To prevent fire or shock hazard, do not place a container filled with liquids on top of the console.
To avoid electrical shock, do not open the cabinet. Refer servicing to qualified personnel only.
Use of controls or adjustments or performance of procedures other than those specified herein may result in hazardous radiation exposure.
The use of optical instruments with this product will increase eye hazard.
Caution: risk of electric shock. Do not open.
This symbol is intended to alert the user to the presence of uninsulated "dangerous voltage" within the product's enclosure that may be of sufficient magnitude to constitute a risk of electric shock to persons.
Let's see what tonight will bring.
This symbol is intended to alert the user to the presence of important operating and maintenance (servicing) instructions in the literature accompanying the console.
A very small percentage of individuals may experience epileptic seizures when exposed to certain light patterns or flashing lights.
Certain conditions may trigger previously undetected epileptic symptoms even in persons who have no history of prior seizures or epilepsy.
If you, or anyone in your family, has an epileptic condition or has had seizures of any kind, consult your physician before playing.
If you experience any of the following symptoms while playing a video game - dizziness, altered vision, eye or muscle twitches, loss of awareness, disorientation, any involuntary movement, or convulsions - immediately discontinue use and consult your physician before resuming play.
These limits are designed to provide reasonable protection against harmful interference when the equipment is operated in a residential installation.
This equipment generates, uses, and can radiate radio frequency energy and, if not installed and used in accordance with the instructions, may cause harmful interference to radio communications.
There is no guarantee that interference will not occur in a particular installation.
If this equipment does cause harmful interference to radio or television reception, which can be determined by turning the equipment off and on, the user is encouraged to try to correct the interference by one or more of the following measures.
Reorient or relocate the receiving antenna.
Increase the separation between the equipment and receiver.
Germans have the same number of words for meetings as Eskimos have for snow.
Connect the equipment into an outlet on a circuit different from that to which the receiver is connected.
Consult the dealer or an experienced radio or television technician for help.
If you have questions about this product, call our technical support line.
You are cautioned that any changes or modifications not expressly approved in this manual could void your authority to operate this equipment.
It's not us.
This app automatically signs you in when you open it.
I'll buy one of those computers if they can sing you a different song each morning.
The model and serial numbers are located on the bottom of the console.
Record the serial number in the space provided below.
Refer to the serial number whenever you call for technical assistance.
For more information, visit our website.
The lithium coin memory back-up battery inside this product contains Perchlorate.
For your protection, please read these safety instructions completely before operating the appliance.
Read these instructions.
Keep these instructions.
Heed all warnings.
Follow all instructions.
Don't use this apparatus near water.
Clean the apparatus only with dry cloth.
Do not block any ventilation openings.
Install the apparatus in accordance with the manufacturer's instructions.
Do not install the apparatus near any heat sources such as radiators, heat registers, stoves, or other apparatus (including amplifiers) that produce heat.
Do not defeat the safety purpose of the polarized or grounding-type plug.
A polarized plug has two blades with one wider than the other.
A grounding-type plug has two blades and a third grounding prong.
The wide blade or the third prong is provided for your safety.
If the provided plug does not fit into your outlet, consult an electrician for replacement of the obsolete outlet.
Protect the power cord from being walked on or pinched particularly at plugs, convenience receptacles and the point where they exit from the apparatus.
Only use attachments or accessories specified by the manufacturer.
Use the apparatus only with the cart, tripod, bracket or table specified by the manufacturer, or sold with the apparatus.
When a cart is used, use caution when moving the cart or apparatus combination to avoid injury from tip-over.
Unplug this apparatus during lightening storms or when unused for long periods of time.
Refer all servicing to qualified service personnel.
Service is required when the apparatus has been damaged in any way, such as power-supply cord or plug damaged, liquid has been spilled or objects have fallen into the apparatus, this apparatus has been exposed to rain or moisture, does not operate normally, or has been dropped.
This product has been designed with the highest concern for safety.
Any electrical device, if used improperly, has the potential for causing fire, electrical shock or personal injury.
To help ensure accident-free operation, follow these guidelines.
Observe all warnings, precautions and instructions.
Stop use and unplug the AC power cord from the electrical outlet immediately if the device functions in an abnormal manner or produces unusual sounds or smells.
Contact the appropriate customer service helpline if the device does not operate properly.
If I told you, you wouldn't understand.
I'm keeping three secrets from you.
She knows. She always knows.
I moved to England from Germany when I was nine.
I hate Tom. He's so popular!
Do you know why I hate Tom? Because he is everywhere.
Hey, Tom! Did you know changing your name is actually possible?
Have you got any ideas yet?
Tom finally changed his name.
I'm happy Tom managed to change his name.
You can change your name if you have good reasons to. And I'm sure you have, Tom!
Mum, dad, I've got something to tell you.
This isn't what it looks like.
I don't want to be your secret.
She learnt English incredibly quickly.
They were polar opposites: one was honest and reliable, whilst the other was unpredictable and irresponsible.
His long absences were starting to provoke suspicion.
That sounds like the kind of thing he'd do.
I spent a week in Berlin living with a German family.
I said enough.
Every year I take my family to the capital.
Why don't you go fly a kite?
Invite your friend for dinner.
Chinese officials say economic growth has dropped to a three-year low because of the world economy.
I dedicate this triumph to my friends.
I dedicate this song to my people.
I dedicate this song to you.
I dedicate these tears to all the deceased.
When operating the unit, play in a well-lit room and keep a safe distance from the screen.
Avoid prolonged use of the console. To help prevent eye strain, take a break of about minutes during every hour of play.
Do not throw or drop the console or accessories, or expose them to strong physical shock.
I'm looking for a mango to eat.
Do not place the console or accessories on surfaces that are unstable, tilted or subject to vibration.
Do not expose the console or accessories to high temperatures, high humidity or direct sunlight (use in an environment where temperatures range from °C to °C or °F to °F).
Do not place the console or accessories in locations subject to sudden temperature change (for example, changes of °C or °F per hour or more).
Do not leave the console or accessories in a car with its windows closed (particularly in summer).
I'll return to Australia in two days.
Do not expose the console to dust, smoke or steam.
Do not allow liquid or small particles to get into the console.
Do not put any objects on the console.
Do not touch or insert foreign objects into the connectors of the console or accessories.
Do not place the console close to magnetic fields produced by magnets or loudspeakers.
Do not set the console other than in the vertical or horizontal position.
Do not place any rubber or vinyl materials on the product exterior for an extended period of time.
Thank you, this will do.
You're too meddling.
You are not going to die here.
The careless IT manager died by getting run over with his own Porsche.
Geology is divided into various branches such as mineralogy, petrology, and physical geology.
Young people have new ideas very often.
I didn't know he was dead.
Where was the body found?
The tradition of making a wish when you see a shooting star is very old.
This landscape is of indescribable beauty.
"Am I going to die?" "No, you are going to sleep."
"Am I going to die?" "No, you are going to rest."
He died doing what he loved.
He passed away, but his memories will be with us forever.
Mary can face death with so much serenity.
John says he wants to die in the same place he was born.
When I die, I want to be cremated.
John was born in a hospital and he died in a hospital.
John died in the same bed he was born.
John had his body cremated and the ashes thrown into the sea.
John says when he dies he doesn't want anyone to cry for him.
When I die, I want to be buried next to her.
If I die, I want you to keep this ring.
I'm going to die, and I want you to stay here with me.
Mary died in the priest's arms.
You have to understand that he died.
Don't worry, you did well.
For God's sake, get me out of here!
Whenever he sees me, he pretends he doesn't know me.
The street has been closed.
Mom, where's the cat?
I had a huge dog.
They found the body of a newborn baby in a freezer.
I can't play that song without a capo.
Do not touch the plug of the AC power cord with wet hands.
Do not touch the console or connected accessories during an electrical storm.
Do not touch the console or AC adaptor for extended periods of time while the console is turned on as extended contact may cause low-temperature burns.
To help ensure safe operation, regularly inspect the AC adaptor and AC power cord. If damaged, stop use immediately.
Do not use a power cord other than the supplied AC adaptor and AC power cord.
Check that there is no dust or lint on the power plug before inserting into an electrical outlet.
If the plug becomes dirty, wipe it off with a dry cloth before connecting.
I have no cell phone, no showy photos, no funny personality. Just medicaments.
I spend all my money on medicine, but I have a good time.
It won't work without the final piece.
My plan is to get out of here and think of a better plan.
If no one has a better proposal, let's get to work.
He was not just a father to me.
Life without a credit card is hard.
Yesterday, there were three good films on TV at the same time. And I saw none of them.
The movie will be showing in this movie theater.
The movie is showing in movie theaters next month.
The movie will be showing on TV when I get old.
The plague has devastated entire cities.
Entire cities have fallen at the hands of the enemy army.
Could you help us translate this text?
What time do you start school?
What time do you finish school?
What time do you start work?
What time do you finish work?
What time do you get up on workdays?
What time do you get up on schooldays?
What time do you get up on Sundays?
What time do you eat dinner?
What time do you all eat dinner?
What time do you put your son to bed?
What time do you get off?
What time do you get to work?
What time do you leave?
What time do you have a break?
What time do you have a nap?
What time do you take a bath?
What time do you take a bath in the morning?
What? I can't hear you guys.
What time do you take a bath in the evening?
What time do you want me to come?
What time do you want me to be here?
What time do you arrive at school?
What time do you arrive at work?
What time do you go to the market?
What time do you arrive home?
What time do you usually wake up?
What time do you watch TV?
What time do you go to the beach?
What time do you call your wife?
What time do you do your homework?
What time do you watch the news?
What time do you go to sleep Saturday night?
What time do you usually wake up while on vacation?
What time do you water the garden?
What time do you take the children out?
What time do you walk the dog?
What time do you prefer to work?
What time do you turn the lights off?
When will you be back in Italy?
Do you see the smile?
Just say you don't know.
Old people have difficulty understanding new technology of the time.
Keep on controlling.
They speak about us.
Why should you be on it?
She is not as patient as you.
One hundred years is called a century.
Seeing those tasks, I did not feel the burden.
Which is your favorite song?
Trust the bear!
A true scientist would not approach the question this way.
A huge monster is coming down the mountain.
She may be proud of her daughter.
I have numerous books on my bookshelf.
A bear will not touch a corpse.
Yesterday, an explosion occurred at the fireworks factory.
The problem is that the money is not of such importance as the time.
Boys run fast.
It explains a lot.
Are you in favor of the new law?
An intelligent friend of mine has a name meaning "freedom" in Lojban.
If a person is dishonest, he is dishonest to the end.
I wonder if he will win both races.
Good night, Tatoeba. See you tomorrow.
This movie is indeed a timeless masterpiece.
Tom is not an M.D. but a psychologist.
The dog bit the cat on the tail.
He knows I don't like face to face meetings.
Where are you planning to spend the night?
In the morning I'm taking the first ferry to Greece.
The further we are from one disaster, the closer we are to the next.
You can go to the bus station.
The leading brand of disposable chopsticks is Otemoto.
Gekkyoku is the leading company in the parking business in Japan.
Camels have either one or two humps.
I have no one to blame but myself.
I wet the bed until I was ten years old.
We should respect our ancestors.
The show turned out to be just as disappointing as they said.
Was that intended as a joke?
My parents got divorced.
My nephew is as old as me, and we are in the same class.
The wise man provides for the future, the foolish man ends up with nothing.
She was kind enough to come pick me up at my house.
He is not as clever as my brother.
More and more Americans go abroad.
I'm ready when you are.
I played with friends.
I'm playing with my friends.
This isn't what I asked for.
She's ashamed of her body.
He's ashamed of his body.
I'm ashamed of my body.
Tom is now a happy little boy.
Mary is now a happy little girl.
A fight broke out between two schoolboys.
He was excommunicated.
She was excommunicated.
I'm new in town.
He's new in town.
She's new in town.
They come from the same village.
They come from the same town.
They come from the same country.
How big is your house?
"You've got a crush on this girl." "No, I don't!"
He has a crush on this girl.
She has a crush on this boy.
He slammed his door shut.
She slammed the door shut.
She's brushing her hair.
I grew up in a small town.
He grew up in a small town.
She grew up in a small town.
You don't have to believe me.
You're late to the party.
My mother's going to kill me.
My father's going to kill me.
My sister's going to kill me.
My wife's going to kill me.
We can do it right now.
This company has been spying on its employees.
They live in a commune.
Tom lives in a commune with hippies.
Tom believes in equality between women and men.
The parking lot is empty.
Mary likes to wear flowers in her hair.
Mary wants to have a balanced lifestyle.
They're self-sufficient.
No, please go, both of you. Don't let me be the third wheel.
He started taking salsa lessons.
She can't assemble Ikea furniture.
His girlfriend did it for him.
The children are riding their bikes.
I want the best.
He wants only the best.
The children are singing around the camp fire.
My children rarely go outside.
Make sure it's well lubed.
You should keep this machine clean and lubed.
Have you measured it?
It's an honest question.
How far can you stick your finger up your nose?
It's popular among senior citizens.
It couldn't have come at a better time.
It couldn't have come at a worse time.
My signature is meaningful, majestic and inimitable.
We arrived too late. There was nothing we could do.
If you weren't so scatterbrained, you wouldn't always fall for the same trick.
I have the power to find out when someone is reading my mind.
I just want to hear you sing one more time.
It was night when he left.
It was night, and a veil of darkness covered the streets.
The time we've spent together is irreplaceable.
The time we've spent together has taught us everything about each other.
It was already past seven, and the darkness slowly consumed the houses and the streets.
Where did you find it? Somewhere in the forest. I couldn't say precisely.
The squad was led by the general, who stood firm as the hours passed.
This bridge looks steady.
I work delivering pizzas.
I'm glad you ask me that question.
I'll examine the patient right away, but before let's check his medical history.
I'm sorry to call you this late at night, but I really needed someone to talk to.
I'm very mad at you. I don't want to hear from you. Now, out of my sight!
I hope we meet again someday soon.
Someday I'll beat you.
I'll have everything I want someday soon.
Our baby will be born someday soon.
I'll return to my country someday soon.
I'm sorry, but we cannot meet your requirements.
So let's be friends and enjoy our very cooperative community as well as the richness and diversity of languages ​​and their cultures!
I like to walk barefoot on the beach through the sand.
Well, you've convinced me.
The product of two negative numbers is positive.
I slapped him.
He's in prison.
My father loves to play the guitar.
I don't understand why she doesn't love me anymore.
She was pleased with the new dress.
A bold man has half the world.
How do I access the Internet?
Have you called Lucy yet?
I lost my film.
I took the cake out of the oven.
He died of gastric cancer.
I enjoy the challenge of translating the untranslatable.
I like the challenge of translating the untranslatable.
How many languages does Charlotte know?
I won't sleep tonight.
I wanted to sleep tonight!
You're too young to die.
Charlotte, what's this language?
He took out a book about the history of coins.
I couldn't have said it any better myself.
He was envious of his way of living.
Which is the date of your birthday?
Here they are!
I like the slow rhythm of this song.
This guy is a bandit.
This guy is a crook.
This guy is an outlaw.
That guy is a bandit.
That guy is a crook.
That guy is an outlaw.
Promotions encourage translators.
Who approved this intolerable rubbish for TV?
He was satisfied with his new car.
I couldn't have expressed it better.
Tatoeba is a dictionary.
Go back home and call the police!
Is it the last lesson?
It's totally useless.
What does that tall man play?
I don't act like you.
Act like I do!
He is my colleague.
The later they contact me, the better. That buys me time.
I already saw it.
We are aiming at the pigeons.
We are alluding to war.
We are annoying the teacher.
We are applying butter on our bread.
We are arguing with the neighbors.
We are asking the mayor questions.
We are assembling the engine.
We are baking a delicious cake.
We are baking in the kitchen.
We are barking like dogs.
We are basking in the summer sun.
We are beating our donkeys.
The bitch is biting her owner.
We are bleating like sheep.
We are blinking our eyes.
We are boiling water.
We are bragging about our new boat.
We are braying like donkeys.
We are breast-feeding our babies.
We are breathing pure air.
We are bringing down the old house.
We are building a bridge.
The bush is burning.
The houses are burning.
We are calculating the benefits.
We are calling the police.
We are calling back the manager.
We are carding the wool.
We are changing our clothes.
We are checking our mailboxes.
We are cheeping like sparrows.
Mary is clearing her throat.
We are clearing our backyard.
We are climbing the palm tree.
We are closing the store.
We are coating the wall with clay.
I am complaining to the principal.
We are consoling his mother.
We are cooing like pigeons.
We are correcting spelling mistakes.
We are crawling like babies.
We are cutting the wood.
We are decorating the pottery.
We are decorating the conference room.
We are digging a well in the backyard.
We are disturbing Tom because he always disturbs us.
We are dozing off.
It's late and we are dozing.
We are drawing animals.
We are dreaming of a better future.
We are drilling the roof.
We are driving the trucks into the garage.
I am drooling like a dog.
Hurry up! We are drowning!
Did you sign?
Mary's dress is drying in the sun.
We are dying one after the other.
We are dyeing our hair brown.
Dioxin is very dangerous.
Even the mayor breathes dioxin.
You really need a woman.
You really need a psychiatrist.
I wanted them to win.
The relaxing sounds will carry you away.
Now the only ones I really like are the Italian sisters, but they won't win.
I tried to write him.
I like the boys from the start of the marathon.
The emperor passed away in January of 1989. Therefore, the name of the era changed from Showa to Heisei.
These glasses are cool.
Welcome to this brand new week!
Who started unwrapping a new jar of Nutella?
We cannot be naked enough.
True terror is to wake up one morning and discover that your high school class is running the country.
You guys were fucking awesome last night!
Romain deserves a standing ovation for his incredible collection!
I can't put up with his rudeness.
I can't bear his rudeness.
I can't tolerate his rudeness.
Is there anything strange?
Why don't you ask him for help?
I was welcomed.
The strike hindered the national economy.
This fruit tastes bad.
How do you access the Internet?
Authorized personnel only.
This is not a free translation. It's a nonsense translation.
I'd like to go to the hair salon this weekend, if I feel like it.
He seems healthy.
He seems to be in good health.
The quality of life of the citizens is always of secondary importance.
Oh, the streetlights have turned on.
What he said turned out true.
It's not "gorilla rain", but "guerrilla rain"; do you understand?
I hear that it's good to cool the back of your neck when it's hot.
I hear that it's good to cool the back of your neck when it's hot outside.
Now, as a test of courage, won't you go into that abandoned building over there? It's famous as a place haunted by spirits.
I can't understand why she doesn't love me anymore.
My teeth ache. I need to make an appointment with my dentist.
I had my decayed tooth removed.
I'm going there. No one can stop me.
Today was a tiring day.
We will separate our home's large land equally for our children.
But it's true.
Don't forget that there are exceptions.
He's not disciplined enough.
She lived there for many years.
Is that so? Let's go there next then.
She explained the rules in detail.
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday and Sunday are the seven days of the week.
It's important to do it with a textbook adapted to your level.
There's a man here that wants to see you.
I wasn't told much to study in my home. It's because before tests I used to concentrate and study quite a bit.
I'm sleepy. I'm going to sleep. Good night.
Of course, I welcome advice taken from your experience!
I can't teach well at all today. I realize that I was just lucky until today.
Just because a sentence is owned by a native speaker, it doesn't mean that it's natural or that it's an example of modern daily usage.
Auctions are annoying, so I bought it instantly with a buyout.
What's your aim in Tatoeba?
The next generation will never know racism.
This T-shirt costs ten dollars.
I wouldn't want it even if they were giving it away.
I've got mine, so screw you.
Mary is speaking to strangers.
He looked like a deer caught in the headlights.
Their house is organized according to Feng Shui.
Tom is a highly gifted man.
Did they ever play in Italy?
The U.S. incarceration rate is the highest in the world.
We're up a creek without a paddle.
This is something to consider.
The work has already begun.
Have you tried it before?
I felt out of place.
What a beautiful shirt!
This shirt costs more than fifty dollars.
I'll be thinking of you today.
The curfew is at pm.
She snuck out to meet up with a boy.
He snuck out to meet up with a girl.
We have tried everything.
The local boys got into a fight with a rival group from a neighboring town.
When I got home, I had a nice, ice-cold shower.
Tom posted an unboxing video, but it's extremely boring.
This packaging is hard to remove.
The goods arrived undamaged.
These pills come in a blister pack.
Tom bought some croutons.
Tom bought some condoms.
I cut my finger while trying to open the package.
Her book quickly became a bestseller.
She doesn't want to play with her toys.
He doesn't want to play with his toys.
You should buy him new toys.
You should buy her new toys.
Tom wants to become rich and famous.
The mind is nothing but a plaything of the body.
She just wants attention.
He just wants attention.
You are the one.
It was a wise decision.
Tom is a shy and lonely boy.
He enjoys wandering around the forest in his spare time.
Many men have larger breasts than women.
It won't happen again.
It won't make any difference.
How about a cup of hot coffee?
How about a cup of coffee?
A surfer was eaten by a shark in Australia.
We've been there before.
We've been here before.
Are we doing this?
It's a bad time.
My house is your house.
This area is off-limits.
My instinct was right.
Even my mom knows.
You can only use it once.
It's a sign of the times.
He's a fast learner.
She's a fast learner.
He's a talented writer.
She's a talented writer.
She's wearing low-rise jeans.
They're looking for you.
They went whale watching.
I saw a whale tail today.
Do you want to tell me what this is?
She won the wet t-shirt contest.
Drop your weapons!
Tom is wearing leather shorts.
She knows many folk dances.
The cyclists are wearing cyclist shorts made of spandex.
He knows many folk dances.
My brother's going to kill me.
My husband's going to kill me.
Her boyfriend did it for her.
There is a serious problem.
There's a serious problem.
She hasn't changed her mind.
He hasn't changed his mind.
They haven't changed their mind.
This is inappropriate.
The price of that book is five dollars.
Language can be used in many ways.
There is nothing to be scared of.
Hatred doesn't just appear out of thin air; it usually starts from envy or fear.
It's like the knife.
It's a great truth.
In hours, everything will be over!
What are hymenoptera?
We always love the people that admire us, but not always the ones we admire.
My father is going to kill me.
I'm going to take the ticket.
Even though great men flatter themselves with their great accomplishments, they're rarely the result of great planning, but more often of mere chance.
If we didn't have any flaws, we wouldn't take such a great pleasure in noticing them in others.
What color is your urine: clear, dark yellow, reddish, or brown like beer?
When I was in middle school, I had a friend in the track club who normally studied hours a day. He didn't speed up the pace before tests. On the contrary, he didn't have any club activities and so had lot of free time, so before the test we would go to his house and play video games every day. If we hadn't done that, I would have gotten better grades too.
You may bill the foot only if you are a podiatrist, otherwise, you may just foot the bill.
My Latin is getting rusty.
She works with single-minded determination.
How odd!
Very strange.
And if I was homosexual, would that be a sin?
She recently came out as a lesbian.
Wake up, sleepyhead! You've been asleep for twelve hours!
Does she really think that she can just waltz in here as if nothing happened?
She suspected that it was too late.
My characters all have something of the hero archetype about them, in that they are largely stripped of context.
Nobody knew where those kids came from, but nobody wanted to receive them for fear of their disease.
That's a church.
I admit that the average Chilean is quite a cheater.
They are such cheaters!
So that's where all my chocolate goes!
He looks scared of mum.
Women share everything.
You're free to say what you think.
The anger in her face was unmistakeable.
You can easily judge the ripeness of a banana by the color of its peel.
Foreigners often feel unwelcome here.
There were penguin footprints in the sand.
They investigate whether the fingerprints found on the door were the thief's.
She became rich by making ceramic pieces.
Thanks for playing along with us!
If I told you, I'd have to kill you.
Who's the guy in the mask?
Why doesn't that surprise me?
Be very good and don't tell your parents about it!
In many African countries south of the Sahara there is poverty.
In many African countries south of the Sahara, poverty exists.
Why don't you answer your dad?
The maelstrom of passions is not what we need now.
Are you saying what I think you're saying?
I accept this proposal.
We accept credit cards.
You accept the money he gives you.
You accept Tom's suggestions.
You accept Tom's checks, so why don't you accept mine?
He accepts gifts from students.
She accepts good suggestions.
They accept students like Tom.
They accept other opinions.
We are adding examples in Berber.
I add examples to Tatoeba in many languages.
We add examples in languages we know.
We add long examples.
You add short examples.
You add examples but you don't translate them.
He adds examples in Russian.
She adds a lot of examples.
They add articles to Wikipedia.
They add pictures to their album.
I address my teacher in Berber.
I ask questions to my doctor.
We ask questions to our teachers.
You ask Tom a lot of questions.
You ask questions about everything.
You ask your husbands about love.
He asks questions to his father.
She asks questions about the education of children.
They ask questions directly of the President.
They ask questions to their mothers.
I assemble car engines.
We assemble water heaters.
You assemble cranes.
You assemble trucks.
You assemble sewing machines.
He assembles washing machines.
She assembles computers.
They assemble planes.
They assemble typewriters.
I attend scientific conferences.
We attend our classes.
You attend conferences abroad.
You attend all the meetings.
You attend all the parties.
He attends medical conferences.
She attends cultural meetings.
They attend every meeting.
They attend every class.
I authorize my workers to leave early.
We authorize the workers to take company cars home.
You authorize your workers to smoke in the office.
You allow your children to play in the street at night.
You authorize your children to watch bad movies.
He authorizes his workers to eat at the office.
She authorizes her children to grow their hair long.
They authorize Muslim workers to leave early in Ramadan.
They authorize their children to play with dirt.
I bake traditional cakes.
We bake traditional bread.
You bake in your kitchen.
You bake bread in your ovens.
You bake delicious pies.
He bakes bread in a very old oven.
She bakes bread in her new oven.
They bake good cakes.
They bake a delicious pizza.
I love my home.
My father loves us.
My father misses my mother and me.
I want that shirt too.
The time is now.
This street is closed for transports of dangerous goods.
Women not only see things differently from men, but they see different things.
I absolutely agree.
He participated in the horse dressage competition.
Hi, Source_VOA!
The students held the male student down and cut his hair with a pair of scissors.
Tom believes in life after birth.
I boil water in a sauce pan.
We boil water to cook spaghetti.
You boil water to cook eggs.
Legalize it!
You boil water to kill all the microbes in it.
You boil water in an oven.
He boils water in a coffee pot.
She boils water to wash her hair.
They boil water to drink it.
They boil water for tea.
I borrow books from the library.
We borrow German dictionaries from Pfirsichbaeumchen.
Fuck, we're old!
You borrow money from Taninna.
You borrow pens from your friends.
You borrow jewels from your friends.
He borrows the car from his neighbor.
She borrows novels from Tom.
They borrow books from the teachers' library.
They borrow magazines from Taninna.
Your body is saying yes.
As Ralph Waldo Emerson puts it, "language is fossil poetry".
Because, in the same way as painting, practice is essential for novels.
Tom didn't want to interrupt Mary while she was studying.
And honour the face of the old man.
On what grounds were you fired?
At first, I felt they were right to have fired me.
I have been long willing to say this.
If he doesn't eat, he will cry.
If he doesn't drink, he will die.
If he doesn't write, I will not write him anymore.
If he doesn't go to school, I will not talk to him anymore.
Marika translated my book into German.
Marika is Finnish, but she knows German.
Marika helps me in English.
Marika is Finnish, but she is fluent in German.
I didn't ask Marika to teach me Finnish.
I cannot learn Finnish because I don't want to live in Finland.
Finnish is the mother tongue of my children.
Finnish is the language of my wife.
Finnish is the language of my in-laws.
Marika taught me some Finnish.
Marika wanted me to learn Finnish.
Marika loves her language, Finnish.
All Finns love their language.
A lot of Finns know German.
Marika is Finnish but she speaks German just like the Germans.
My new girlfriend is Chinese.
That is massive!
Now let's have a big portion of spaghetti and a cup of tea, my dear lords and ladies.
Look at all the cool stuff.
Mike Tyson is a boxer.
Charlie Chaplin is an actor.
Steven Spielberg is a film director.
Barack Obama is the President of the United States.
Many students like to study in the morning.
Tom and Ken play tennis every afternoon.
Taninna goes to the library and studies every day.
I tried to speak Chinese and Mr. Wang tried to speak French.
I bought an umbrella.
We bought a new washing machine.
You bought an expensive coat.
You bought a new house.
You bought a lot of jewels.
It's beyond reason.
But while we will never know fully what causes somebody to take the life of another, we do know what makes life worth living. [...] Our time here is limited and it is precious.
That's why I think I'll be chosen.
Don't forget who you are.
I got home and took my shoes off.
The first thing I did when I got home was take my shoes off.
I got home, took my shoes off and went to bed.
I took my shoes off and threw them out the window.
I threw the shoes out the window.
I put my shoes under the bed.
I took my shoes off and put them under the bed.
I put the gifts in the attic.
I put the gifts in the attic so you wouldn't find them.
Yesterday I put the gifts in the attic, and today I put them under the bed.
Yesterday I put the gifts in the attic, today I put them under the bed and tomorrow I'll throw them out the window.
I'm the ghost of a sad poet who died a terrifying death.
My bed is large, and ghosts come and sleep on it during the day.
At that time, I used to have terrifying hallucinations.
Something terrifying happened that day.
The gloomy house was like a ghost.
The ghost visits her in her dreams.
Her daughter is not the same since she saw a ghost.
A ghost is moving things around the house.
I supposed a ghost would appear.
It's a ghost, and only I can speak to him.
As a kid I was possessed by a ghost.
A ghost is looking at me.
Having once tasted ink, she became thirsty in that regard, as tame tigers are said to be after tasting another sort of fluid, and wanted to sign everything, and put her name in all kinds of places.
The vehicles jumped frantically and their alarms shouted for help.
All the houses were shaking and alarms were ringing everywhere.
The ground started to shake and the alarm rang.
In case the alarm rings, walk, don't run.
I won't wake up even if the alarm rings.
The alarm rang and everyone rushed out.
The alarm rang and everyone had to evacuate.
Our prayers go out to those affected by the shooting in Colorado.
Our thoughts are with all those affected by this terrible event.
Alone against everybody.
The people fear war.
You know, money is just paper, and that is a real car.
This paper is magical, it can turn into anything you want.
She was always very secretive.
It happened two years ago.
I should go home.
I should go to bed.
Yay! I'm happy that it's an apple that I'm eating!
I'm happy the apple I'm eating is green!
You have a habit that I'm happy about.
I need the book! Where is it?
Are you no longer in pain?
Have you caught that Unicorn yet?
They say he's the richest person in the city.
I love Spanish!
Loving those who hate us sets us free.
Could I please receive by Monday, as a fax or an email attachment, a receipt for the bank transfer?
A crocodile ate a dog.
You worked more than I did.
Mary has a nice figure.
Judy is a very intelligent student.
In the C language, there are two ways to pass parameters to a function: by value and by reference.
The third generation Japanese communication methods are W-CDMA and CDMA2000.
He sketched an apple.
We're very attracted to the country life.
You're the only one who bought it.
I am progressing steadily. My efforts are paying off.
I think that it is impossible to master a foreign language by self-learning.
Actually, I am poor at talking.
A thing doesn't please God because it is good; rather, because it pleases God, it is good.
Recently, I have come to think that it's impossible to become able to speak a foreign language unless you're in a classroom with a teacher teaching it to you properly.
Let us touch base on this issue every morning at the beginning of the day.
It was an awful performance.
Thank you for doing me this favor.
Thank you for dedicating a poem to me in Berber.
Thank you for decorating my house.
Thank you for dancing with me.
Thank you for cutting the dead tree in my garden.
Thank you for helping me to cross the road.
Thank you for accepting my invitation on Facebook.
Thank you for asking this question.
Thank you for attending this meeting.
Thank you for authorizing me to leave before time.
Thank you for baking this delicious cake.
"Thank you for biting me," I told my cat.
Thank you for boiling the water.
Thank you for borrowing money from my bank.
Thank you for braking. You almost killed us!
Thank you for breaking my phone.
Thank you for bringing your computer.
Thank you for building this wall.
Thank you for burning my shirt with your cigarette.
Thank you for buying me this magazine.
Thank you for calling me on time.
Thank you for calling me back.
Thank you for carding the wool.
Thank you for catching me a butterfly.
Thank you for changing your clothes.
"Thank you for clawing me," Taninna told her cat.
Thank you for clearing the backyard.
Thank you for climbing this tree to help me.
Thank you for closing the door.
Thank you for coming early.
Thank you for commenting on my article.
Thank you for consoling me when I was sad.
Thank you for correcting my text.
Thank you for crossing the river to help me.
Thank you for dealing with this problem on time.
Thank you for decorating this glass for me.
Thank you for drawing a bird for me.
It isn't the first time and it won't be the last.
Every time that I see you, I think of my father.
Seeing you always makes me think about my father.
My sister plays with dolls.
Our problems are nothing compared to his.
The loss of her father was very painful for her.
The main person who caused that financial scandal is the president of ABC investment bank.
Do you happen to know the date of the exam?
We never forget the first amnesia.
We postponed the conference to next Friday.
I quickly turned my gaze to the door.
If there were no such thing as display in the world, my private opinion is, and I hope you agree with me, that we might get on a great deal better than we do, and might be infinitely more agreeable company than we are.
Good company in a journey is worth a coach.
Under normal conditions, the boiling point of water is degrees Celsius.
Light travels faster than sound. Therefore some people seem bright until you hear them speak.
Have you ever seen snow?
Have you ever touched a hedgehog?
Have you ever caught a fish?
Have you ever called Taninna?
Have you ever driven a van?
Have you ever lied to your mother?
Have you ever danced in a party?
Have you ever broken your glasses?
Have you ever cleared this garden?
Have you ever cleaned your kitchen?
Have you ever added an article to Wikipedia?
Have you ever argued with your manager?
Have you ever asked me a question and I didn't answer?
Have you ever assembled a computer by yourself?
Have you ever attended one of Tom's conferences?
Have you ever authorized me to leave early?
Have you ever baked a pizza?
The hotel has a pleasant atmosphere.
Have you ever basked in the sun of the Sahara desert?
Have you ever been absent at work?
Have you ever been to Germany?
Have you ever beaten your dog?
Have you ever borrowed money from your company?
Have you ever breast-fed a baby?
Have you ever breathed pure air?
Have you ever brought your dog to this beach?
Have you ever built a house?
Have you ever burnt your coat with a cigarette?
Have you ever bought a rifle?
Have you ever changed your clothes?
Have you ever checked your mailbox?
Have you ever changed your password?
Have you ever brushed your teeth?
Have you ever brushed your hair?
Have you ever carded wool?
Have you ever climbed Mount Everest?
Have you ever coated a wall with lime?
Have you ever come to our meetings?
Have your ever come across an animal like this?
Have you ever commented a sentence on Tatoeba?
Have you ever complained to the manager?
Have you ever consoled a friend?
Have you ever corrected a sentence on Tatoeba?
Have you ever connected to the Internet?
This is the first time I've ever connected to the Internet in the country.
I am connecting this computer to the Internet.
Tom is connecting his phone to the Internet.
I cannot connect my phone to the Internet.
Have you ever crossed a river as big as this one?
Have you ever cut a tree with an ax?
Have you ever dated a girl?
Have you ever dealt with a problem like this?
Have you ever decorated pottery?
Have you ever decorated your house for a party?
Have you ever dedicated a song to the orphans?
Have you ever dug a hole as deep as this one?
Have you ever done shopping in a foreign country?
Have you ever dozed in the classroom?
Have you ever drawn an animal?
Have you ever dreamt about Taninna?
Have you ever drilled this wall?
Have you ever drunk carrot juice?
Have you ever dried your hair with a hairdrier?
Have you ever dyed your hair red?
Have you ever eaten this dish?
Have you extinguished fire with sand?
Have you ever fallen into a well?
Have you ever fed a crocodile?
This word doesn't exist in French.
Have you ever felt dizzy on a plane?
Have you ever felt nauseous on a train?
Have you ever felled a tree?
Have you ever cut your finger with a knife?
Having arrived at the station, he immediately called a taxi.
Have you ever encouraged your children to go on a diet?
Have you ever fought at high school?
Tangerines contain a lot of vitamin C.
Have you found an answer to this question?
Do you ever do your homework?
Have you ever fired a worker?
Have you ever fished on this river?
Have you ever fixed your car by yourself?
Have your ever followed the White Rabbit to its hole?
Have you ever forgotten your phone number?
Have you ever fried mushrooms?
Have you ever got across a river by swimming?
Do not wander in speech!
Have you ever got angry with Marika?
Have you ever got on a boat?
Have you ever got pregnant?
Have you ever gone to work on Sunday?
Have you ever greeted Pfirsichbäumchen in German?
Have you ever grilled fish?
Have you ever grown a beard?
Can you see what's wrong with this picture?
It was charming to see how these girls danced. They had no spectators but the apple-pickers on the ladders. They were very glad to please them, but they danced to please themselves (or at least you would have supposed so); and you could no more help admiring, than they could help dancing. How they did dance!
Have you ever hung up washing?
Have you ever had dinner with your family?
The two girls, quite unconstrained and careless, danced in the freedom and gaiety of their hearts.
Is the world more mad than usual this morning?
The heart and mystery of his philosophy was, to look upon the world as a gigantic practical joke.
Don't speak lightly of a true heart, which is all your own.
I don't know that there's any great merit in that.
You can't write "Pfirsichbäumchen"? It's so simple!
There should be no kinks.
Thank you for advising me.
I cannot advise Tom. He never listens to me.
This is the first time I've ever advised a friend to do this.
Have you ever advised a friend?
Have you ever had lunch at this restaurant?
Have you ever had a nap at the library?
Have you ever had a rest at your office?
Have you ever heard this word?
Have you ever helped your wife in cooking?
Have you ever hired a maid?
Have you ever hugged your children?
Have you ever inflated a balloon as big as this one?
Even for quarrels, a common language is needed.
Have you ever interrupted your manager?
Have you ever invited Tom to your parties?
Have you ever ironed your clothes by yourself?
Have you ever jumped from a bridge into the sea?
Have you ever killed a lion?
Have you ever kissed your children? You don't even look at them!
Have you ever kneaded dough?
Have you ever knocked down a dog with your car?
Have you ever laughed at the teacher?
Have you ever learnt a language in a week?
Is it true that you learnt Esperanto in a week?
Have you ever left your office open?
Have you ever lent your car to someone?
Have you ever lighted a cigarette with a blowtorch?
Have you ever listened to this song?
Have you ever lived in a big city?
Have you ever lived in an old building?
Have you ever locked the door of your room at night?
Have you ever lost your luggage at the airport?
Have you ever made your bed by yourself?
Have you ever made your wife and children happy?
Have you ever made yourself up?
Have you ever managed a company?
Have you ever massaged your legs with this ointment?
Have you ever met Taninna at the library?
Have you ever mended your carpets?
Stop meddling.
Have you ever memorized the national anthem?
Have you ever mentioned this to the teacher?
Have you ever milked a cow?
Have you ever missed a plane?
Have you ever missed your parents?
It's the first time I've missed Taninna so much!
It's the first time I've mixed chili with mayonnaise.
I cannot mix chilli with my food.
Have you ever mixed chilli with mustard?
I live in an old house.
The joke was at my expense.
I put my fate in your beautiful hands.
Two weeks have passed and I haven't seen you.
Some people dislike the traditional New Year's ritual.
‘Without burning thirst, what is the brook for?’ Arkadź Kulašoŭ asks in his verse.
All the photographs and videos of the aeroplane dropping teddy bears are claimed to be falsification and provocation by Belarusian authorities.
The Lvov city council is once more drawing attention to false information regarding the intention to ban speaking Russian in Lvov.
Would you be so kind as to give me a glass of water?
The dogs were happy.
John went back to work after a two-week hospital stay.
The coccyx is a vestigial feature that shows the common ancestry of mankind and apes.
They close their eyes.
I remember this story.
But how does this story end?
The ending is much more interesting.
It isn't a prophecy.
The U.S. gun homicide rate is times higher than other populous, high income countries.
The U.S. gun ownership rate is the highest in the world.
You are probably wrong.
He's probably wrong.
She's probably wrong.
We should all stick together.
It's an extreme case.
Tom ordered a bottle of wine.
I have no idea what to expect.
I had no idea what to expect.
He had no idea what to expect.
She had no idea what to expect.
They had no idea what to expect.
Tapas are a typical Spanish dish.
He likes potato salad.
She likes potato salad.
I like potato salad.
Waaaa...
This has to stop.
It has to stop.
Don't worry. They will be supervised.
Tom is a bibliophile.
It's now fairly common.
Tom is self-centered.
There are downsides to being pretty.
The intern is lazy.
I danced all night long.
We danced all night long.
They danced all night long.
He danced all night long.
She danced all night long.
There are colapsible solar cockers.
There are foldable solar cockers.
Kawa is an implementation of Scheme for JVM that allows one to take advantage of all the libraries of Java.
A. Lukashenko said that Parliament is a school, and the people who graduate from this school shouldn’t be lost.
This is extremely bad.
The refugees took shelter in a Red Cross refugee camp.
It sometimes happens that innocents are sentenced to death.
The closing ceremony of the Olympics was wonderful.
Yesterday was the school closing ceremony.
Feast all night and feud in the morning.
Feast all night and sleep all day.
You may feast all night, but return to your grave before dawn!
Feast all night and fight all day!
They feast all night and fast from dawn to dusk for one month every year.
You need a thief to catch a thief.
You've made my day.
She's a real estate agent.
Don't judge a man by the clothes he wears.
This girl is not ashamed of anything.
I'd like to apologise to Volgograd's police.
God's tired of loving us.
A man who swallowed a tree becomes a tree which swallowed a man.
The costs of living have raised dramatically.
His heart is filled with sorrow.
He lives in Tokyo now.
She's two years older than you.
My sister loves sweets.
I would do anything for love.
I would do anything but kill.
You may do anything but criticize me.
The chairs will be here tomorrow.
I wanted to go to Paris.
Perhaps it is true.
Relax.
What a brainless numpty !
The sun and the moon cause tides.
I'm here. Is there anybody home?
This effect was noticed by the creators of the full-screen editors, such as PyRoom, FocusWriter and DarkRoom.
There is no doubt that enhancing user experience is the last thing webmasters think about when they add social bookmarking widgets to their sites.
For some reason I couldn’t select unifont even though I’ve installed it, so I had to build dmenu with the xft patch to get Chinese menu entries displayed correctly.
If you live to seek revenge, better dig a grave for two.
You’ve given me access to the Wordpress Dashboard, but what I need is an FTP account.
Just then I heard footsteps in the stairwell.
Who told you to bring me here?
I stayed longer than I thought I would.
She started at the top.
She started from the summit.
Doctors write prescriptions in the same kind of language in which electric train drivers announce stations.
Have you ever mopped your house?
Have you ever needed help?
Have you ever opened this door?
Have you ever painted this house?
Have you ever parked your car on this street?
Have you ever patted a tiger?
Have you ever paid a fine?
Have you ever peed on the street?
Have you ever pegged your clothes up in the balcony?
Have you ever phoned Marika?
Have you ever picked your nose in the presence of the teacher?
Have you ever planted a tree?
Have you ever played dominoes?
Have you ever plowed a field with a horse?
Have you ever plucked a chicken?
Have you ever prayed in a mosque?
Have you ever pronounced this word?
Have you ever pruned a tree?
Have you ever put your cat into a cage?
Have you ever put your baby into bed?
Have you ever read a book in Chinese?
Have you ever recruited foreign workers?
Have you ever reviewed your lessons in a park?
Have you ever ridden a bicycle?
Some think that the Berber language might die out.
But Berber will never die.
Projects like Tatoeba can help the Berber language survive.
Have you ever scared a dog away?
Have you ever scolded your daughter?
I wish there were more African languages in Tatoeba.
I wish there were more minority languages in Tatoeba.
I wish there were more Native American languages in the Tatoeba Corpus.
I wish there were thousands of sentences in every minority language in Tatoeba.
I wonder how Tatoeba can attract speakers of minority languages.
Tatoeba can help people to learn minority languages.
There should be more sentences in minority languages in Tatoeba.
It is very important to add sentences in minority languages to Tatoeba.
Have you ever scratched your back with a backscratcher made in Japan?
Have you ever screamed in a movie theater?
Have you ever searched this word in the dictionary?
Have you ever seen this flag?
Have you ever sold a car?
Have you ever sent a letter through DHL?
Have you ever set a trap for a bear?
Have you ever sewed on a button?
Have you ever shaken with cold?
Have you ever shaken hands with the President?
Have you ever sharpened this knife?
Have you ever shaved your beard?
Have you ever sheared a sheep?
Have you ever shot a rifle?
Have you ever shouted at Taninna?
Have you ever shown your scar to someone?
There are few parking opportunities here.
Five different contractors made the renovations.
Very happy to see you.
In 1940, life was difficult.
Let us think about the worst that could happen.
Dirty stories are prohibited!
I am going to Europe next week.
This is strictly a private matter.
She became a woman.
The one who does not work, does not eat!
This we can discuss.
The children returned home at dusk.
This is unbelievable!
I share his opinion.
Do you enjoy working from home?
The United States of America export wheat throughout the world.
The woman that my sister killed ought to be hung.
The tank is empty.
How much longer will the thunderstorm last?
I am buying candy and cookies.
I am calling to make an appointment with you.
Good actions are never in vain.
Humble and not imaginative, Justin only knew evil through hearsay.
This project is a gold nugget.
I am starting the year as sick as a dog.
You really have a talent for translation.
I do not even know what to say to that.
In what kind of city do you live?
This guy can do amazing things.
He draws straight lines.
The orbiting of Earth around the Sun obeys to many complicated laws of physics.
Whether he comes or not is irrelevant.
I think that she has not lied yet.
I mostly do not want to think about anything anymore.
That the politicians keep their promises.
Since I couldn't make up my mind about which position to take in the future, I got advice from my younger brother.
Maybe I should also add sentences without translations? It is a very fast way of improving the popularity of one's own language.
There are no mistakes in your essay.
People were evacuated because of the flood.
I don't know much about taxes, so I go to an accountant and get advice.
Here is a big sign.
The child came aboard the plane in a good mood.
You arrived three days ago.
I do not know the train schedules, could you find out for me?
He comes every day to visit his sick friend.
We were proud of our strength.
There is no problem between us. So much the better!
Put the luggage somewhere.
We live far from the airport.
We ate at the restaurant for ten euros per person.
If a hen has ten chicks, how many hens does a chick have?
"Yes!", he whispered in my ear with his charming voice.
Emma is cross-eyed.
I kissed her on the mouth.
The wedding took place at the Ritz Hotel.
For me he is neither a brother nor an acquaintance.
The only way to get rid of a modern dictator is to assassinate him.
It does not matter which magazine.
"There are no cakes left?" "I ate them both..."
My mother uses my father's old short as a dust rag.
She extended her arm to grab the magazine at the top of the shelves.
You sent an email.
Now let us talk about serious matters!
It seems that Jeff knows who she is.
Let us forget this problem.
I am a naive sheep.
Is there anything to drink in the fridge?
Have you already completed this task?
At night he goes out to have a drink.
We live only from day to day.
It took me ten minutes to walk to the metro station.
Even he stopped smoking.
I will teach you a tough lesson!
Heavy clouds were suspended in the air.
Contact me tomorrow.
May I charge my cell phone somewhere around here?
It could cost you your head.
Did they write a letter?
She is discreet.
That is actually what I wanted.
The woman promised to go on a diet, to stop smoking, and to do physical exercises.
Tell me a little bit about yourself.
The children got lost in the woods.
The hailstones were as big as tennis balls.
He was a widower, but a year after his son's wedding, he could not hold it any longer and also got married.
Tom broke up with Marie.
I took nice pictures.
He showed us a few pictures.
All the answers are correct.
Yes, it happens sometimes.
I would need some advice.
The nerves of that one!
That one's got some guts!
Open your mouth one more time and I will beat you up!
That guy's got a big mouth.
Let's try to read.
Japanese is a quantum language. It is to languages what quantum physics is to physics.
Can you help me with Japanese?
I haven't finished my breakfast yet.
Have you ever tried to think about nothing?
The snow stopped falling.
If you left now, the consequences would be devastating.
If you left now, it would have disastrous consequences.
We owe part of our success to luck.
The reasons of our failure are the following.
I will not be able to open the box without breaking it.
I would like a piece of cheese.
I do not like the house.
I am not a lion but I too can roar.
I am no longer young, but I can still bite.
I have no friends supporting me.
I have not crapped all week.
I am going to wash your mouth with soap.
This is an extremely serious matter.
Already two weeks went by and I have not seen you.
Being handsome also has its downside.
Being cute also has some disadvantages.
The apprentice is lazy.
You need sleep.
I am after him.
Cut in half.
A lot of guys ignore the laugh.
Where are the gold bars you were supposed to pull out of that bank vault with your Transmatter Ray?
This world is a mess, and I just... need to rule it.
I see you are once again afraid to do battle with your nemesis.
It's an ambush!
It was everything I hoped for.
It was everything he hoped for.
It was everything she hoped for.
Tom is too trusting.
The gun is jammed.
It's a nice party.
It was a nice party.
I'm going to put a curse on you.
"I'm going to put a curse on you", said Mary.
I know what you are thinking.
I know what she's thinking.
I know what he's thinking.
I know what they are thinking.
So, how did you like it?
So, how did he like it?
So, how did she like it?
We need to get out of here.
I don't like being told what to do.
He doesn't like being told what to do.
She doesn't like being told what to do.
We can't go back.
He made me do it.
She made me do it.
They made me do it.
They've done it before.
John has a ready tongue.
I have done it before.
She has done it before.
She's done it before.
He's done it before.
He has done it before.
That is pretty awesome!
That's pretty awesome!
I tried to help her.
I tried to help him.
Leave her alone.
No one knows the cause.
It's not right.
This game is so hard.
Tom said he had blue balls.
I'm doing this for them.
I'm doing this for her.
I'm doing this for him.
At this time, some advice would be greatly helpful.
I need some advice.
We are left with having to postpone our departure.
There are no other choices than postponing our departure.
When pimple face uses the bathroom, it takes him at least two hours!
He is a complete idiot.
He stood in front of me.
For starters, I want to eat a little bit of cake.
First, I want to eat a little bit of cake.
The clock is broken.
The clock is defective.
It could rain tonight.
Would you like to tell me something else?
Would you like to read this magazine?
Would you like another drink?
Let us go right away.
What a day!
Apparently, it's getting more difficult to find a good job.
Apparently, it's getting difficult to find a good position.
How long can a dead language survive?
I do not like any of these hats.
He is an angry drunk.
Have you ever been pregnant?
Have you ever been fat?
Is the world more twisted this morning than usual?
Why are you torturing me with that?
Why are you tormenting me with that?
I am talking about your lover. It is about him that I am talking.
This car looks pretty cool.
My painting is starting to look pretty cool.
Our apartment is starting to look pretty cool.
My mouth is numb.
It is starting to look pretty cool.
We discussed the topic at length.
I would prefer the black one, there.
I have known that for a long time.
There, here is the other clown asking for more!
This sentence is linguistically correct but that is not how we say it.
It is extraordinarily hot today.
I have no idea of what to expect.
Is that your real name?
Don't get me started.
It is completely natural for her to be mad.
She's very flexible.
He's very flexible.
I think that China will play an active role.
Is it not a bit extreme?
They're just students.
She's the love of my life.
He's the love of my life.
Where did you learn this?
Where did they learn this?
Where did he learn this?
Where did she learn this?
He's been doing this for over twenty years.
She's been doing this for over twenty years.
Please do not try this at home.
Many people worship you. Do not disappoint them.
His belly reminds me of postcards from Japan - flat and pretty.
We have to know. We will know.
He was caught red handed.
He is a quiet man.
She was caught red handed.
They danced to the sound of the music.
You should complement your nutrition with vitamins.
It's extremely dangerous.
Even though he was exhausted, he had to go back to work.
The value of a good education cannot be measured in money.
His proposal was worthless.
She owns many valuable works.
We finally meet. I have been waiting for this day for so long.
She picked the most expensive dress.
He owns many valuable paintings.
He owns a very valuable wristwatch.
He wanted the cab driver to turn left.
He blew on the tip of his fingers.
The police is trying to investigate the crime.
I think that his proposal deserves some thinking.
I am surprised to learn this.
Mathematics are the foundation of all sciences.
If you invite him, he may come.
Modern civilization is founded on science and education.
Let us try to swim against the current.
Next time it will be my turn to drive.
She was surprised to learn this.
He was surprised to learn this.
I can't collect my thoughts.
They formed a new government.
Just shut up and listen.
Do you want to come with us?
It was impossible to pull out the cork.
We must fuel the machine.
It made me forget about my problems.
They strengthened the dikes to protect the village against the flood.
Are you sure you can do this?
Are you sure he can do this?
Are you sure she can do this?
Are you sure they can do this?
What will tomorrow be? The beginning or the end?
It was nowhere to be seen.
When she came in, we were finishing the main dish.
You know I have to go.
Use the manual override.
She used the manual override.
We meant no harm.
A piano is expensive but a car even more.
He meant no harm.
She meant no harm.
He's uninsured.
She's uninsured.
I'm uninsured.
He wants more.
She wants more.
The result was disappointing.
He wanted to test his limits.
She wanted to test her limits.
I want to test my limits.
Have fun with that.
We had fun with it.
I had fun with it.
He had fun with it.
She had fun with it.
She had fun with him.
He had fun with her.
We had fun with them.
They had fun with us.
We had some good times.
Stop being so curious.
He's nervous and gets scared easily.
Today we celebrate Africa Day.
It's not a good car, but it's still a car.
I've seen this picture before.
Leave the book where it was.
I used to ride my bike to school, but now I take the bus.
He scares easily.
The Seine flows through the central part of the Paris Basin.
Not in there.
Not here.
I don't have it.
He kept on singing.
She doesn't drink coffee.
He doesn't drink coffee.
If only I had met more people in the past, today I'd be a different person. But, due to my introverted nature, I can now rely on very few friends.
When I feel like writing an autobiography, I will.
This means that you will never see a biography about me.
How much for that red hat?
I have to thank him.
I must thank him.
I used to eat like a pig.
Had I started to socialize with people in the past, maybe I would be a different person now, but, because of the shy disposition I had at that time, now I really have few friends.
It would be very useful for me.
I was used to eating like a pig.
While walking down the street, I saw two white cats pissing near a car tire.
If I won a million euros, I'd probably move to another country with my mother.
The only hope is to escape.
The only solution is to escape.
I'm continuing to drink more than I should.
I had to show it to you!
Neither wine, nor opium, nor tobacco are necessary for people’s lives.
The police in Warsaw were in the habit of searching people in the streets.
John got up much earlier than usual.
You’ve sworn to me, kid, — so find such a water for me, find it and bring, water my poor roots…
‘Look, there, at the large cauldrons. The fire always burns under them. By day and by night I fill them full of people’s tears from this lake and heat them, so that they dry, until I dry the whole lake, until the steam rises up to the sky!’
Have you ever signed a contract?
Have you ever sung in Japanese?
Have you ever slaughtered a sheep?
Have you ever slept on the street?
Have you ever smelled this perfume?
Have you ever smiled at Taninna?
Have you ever smoked?
Have you ever sneezed in a meeting?
Have you ever snored?
Have you ever spoken in Berber?
Have you ever spun wool?
I cannot spread mustard on my bread. I don't like it.
This is the first time I've ever spread chili on bread.
Have you ever spread chocolate on your bread?
Have you ever squashed a fly with your hand?
I cannot squash flies with my book.
Have you ever started this engine?
I cannot start this engine. It's broken.
This is the first time I've ever repaired my computer by myself.
I cannot repair this refrigerator.
Have you ever repaired a TV?
Have you ever stepped on a tomato?
Have you ever slipped on a banana peel?
This is the first time I've ever slipped on a banana skin.
Have you ever squashed a tomato?
An offender escaped from a prison.
This is the first time I've ever stuck pictures in my room.
I am making noise with this drill.
I cannot make noise. The baby is sleeping.
This is the first time I've ever made noise in the middle of the night.
Have you ever made noise in the classroom?
I cannot cough. The baby is sleeping.
This is the first time I've ever coughed this much.
Who is born to be hanged will never be drowned.
My mom works in a factory.
The criminal escaped from the prison.
He is richer than anybody else in town.
They replaced coal with oil.
This has been a good day, right?
I left my watch at home.
The clock is made in Switzerland.
The gentleman best knows himself the value of his own life.
My friend never leaves the house without cigarettes.
The two brothers are still alive.
This story does not make sense!
How much time will she spend at Pierre's?
Without your help, I would fail.
This city is located in France.
I have a nosebleed.
I drank an herbal infusion.
Where God seems very close, the Devil is never far away.
This is the first time I've ever had a nosebleed in winter.
Have you ever had a nosebleed in summer?
When will Earth meet its end?
I am getting tall!
We will stay in your house for at least two hours.
The Japanese weather is milder than the English weather.
You should go to mass more often.
Do you know him personally?
He clearly lied.
The chest contained gold coins.
We'll pay for it.
She had an ashy color.
Each of us leaves life with the feeling that they were just born.
There is no TP left.
I am getting small!
I am getting big!
This picture has a very interesting history.
I am getting old!
The problem is not that they do not talk about me, the problem is that they do not talk WITH me.
I am getting fat!
I have at least five friends who can speak English.
I am getting short!
He is a member of the parish committee.
He lifted a side of the board.
I am getting strong.
The population of Osaka is larger than that of Kyoto.
I am getting weak!
Someone asked for you.
I am getting slim!
I am going grey!
This morning as I did not have any money with me, I could not buy my raisin bread, and this evening, even though I had taken money in the meantime, there was no raisin bread left at the bakery.
I am laughing at Tom.
Have you ever stuck a poster on a wall?
I was a volunteer for two afternoons.
How this author ended up on the program is a mystery to me.
You are such an idiot!
Have you ever stirred your coffee with a fork?
My brother always thinks that he has to prove himself, while in fact we love him the way he is.
It's right next door.
I open the door and I see two boys standing next to each other.
Stay out of it!
The water from the river had a color between yellow and brown.
Please forgive me!
He fixed the problem in a jiffy.
Have you ever swallowed an apricot pit?
Yesterday's vices are tomorrow's customs.
It's the first time I've swallowed a peach pit!
This is the first time I've ever sworn in the presence of my children.
Have you ever sworn in the presence of the teacher?
I cannot swear in the presence of my brothers. I respect them.
This singer is very popular with young people.
Truth is like the moon: you can only see one side of it.
This is the first time I've ever sworn at my car.
Have you ever sworn at a policeman?
My best friend is currently in Rome.
What makes one sad about love, it is not so much to not be loved when you love, but to still be loved when you do not love anymore.
I cannot swear at a policeman.
She rarely goes, if ever, alone to the movie theater.
Wear warm clothes or you could get sick.
Each kid had their own room.
She always knows better than the boss.
He took honey instead of sugar.
They are Canadian.
The neighbor's cat spilled its cup of milk on the floor tiles.
The lubrication system was poorly designed.
It was about time.
For me you are a good teacher.
Have you ever sweated this much?
I am going to Paris this weekend.
The battle goes on!
Have you ever swum in a lake?
Today is September first.
I cannot swim. My leg is broken.
I cannot switch the lamp on. The baby is sleeping.
Have you ever switched on all the lamps of your house?
I cannot switch off the lamp. Taninna is still studying.
This is the first time I've ever switched off the heater in winter.
Have you ever switched off the heater in winter?
Have you ever taken a rest in your car?
I cannot take a rest at the office. I don't want the manager to see me.
Have you ever taken a shower in the middle of the night?
I cannot take a shower at night.
I cannot take a vacation. I'm the boss and I'm very busy.
Have you ever taken a vacation?
This is the first time I've ever taken a picture of the Queen.
I cannot take a picture of this building. It's forbidden.
Have you ever taken a picture with Mike Tyson?
Have you ever taken part in this work?
I cannot take part in this work. I am very busy.
She required the employees to call her "Señora".
Have you ever talked to your wife in English?
I cannot talk to my workers in Chinese. Many of them don't understand this language.
Are you from England?
We took an airboat tour through the Everglades.
Be lenient!
Adam Mickiewicz’s narrative “Pan Tadeusz”, which paints the nature, customs, and manners of the Belarusian landowners of Napoleon’s time, is, as of 1859, already being translated into Russian.
A person can't be taught anything - he/she can learn only him/herself.
But what does all this have to do with Tatoeba?
Contributors from many countries, languages and cultures speak the language Esperanto in addition to their mother tongue and one or more other languages.
It has become evident that this is very favorable for our project, which aims precisely at creating jointly a network of translations in as many languages as possible.
I knew that he was reading.
I think that I should organize a little party.
I was canned.
A double espresso for here.
One hundred and twenty-five years have proven that Esperanto is more than a language.
As soon as a man is born, his path already leads to death.
Brussels is a symbol in itself.
Here they lay, the four pretty ones, on the grass or on the moss, in this charming place, at the time when the evening tiptoes in the woods.
One hundred and twenty-five years have shown: Esperanto is much more than just a language.
Everything has a price, the good being more expensive than the bad.
I always look at this picture with disgust.
Great timing!
What do we call you?
Where does he work now?
She carries a positive image.
It's a co-worker.
This is a museum piece!
How does one live in a country where there is no freedom of the press?
You don't need to fly to catch a bird.
If I knew an answer to this question, I would tell it to you.
It is uncomfortable to be sitting on this chair.
The teacher underlined the importance of daily exercises.
If the young does not learn it, the old does not know it.
They are happy with the result.
Do you love that man there?
I did not know that you could cook so well.
One should always give the impression that they can change the course of things.
Epicure used to write: "I do not fear death. When it is death, I am not, when I am, it is not death."
What became of these amounts?
I will go tomorrow morning at seven.
She is traveling now.
I stayed home because it was raining.
To whom are you speaking, prankster?
You are receiving this information letter because you have been in contact with our firm either as a client, a partner, or a prospect. If you no longer want to be on this list of recipients, please just send us an email with the subject "unregister".
I think that this fact is very serious.
It was accepted that the problem indeed existed.
It is not possible to teach something to man - he can only learn by himself.
I do not understand her.
Do not worry about that!
Is it possible to indicate a date on which a language came into life? "What a question!" you will be inclined to say. And yet such a date exists: the 26th of July, the Day of Esperanto. On this day in appeared in Warsaw a booklet by Ludwik Lejzer Zamenhof about the "International Language".
On this day in appeared in Warsaw a booklet by Ludwik Lejzer Zamenhof about the "International Language". Its size was modest, its motto ambitious: "For a language to be international, it is not enough simply to declare it so." The name of the author was given as "Dr. Esperanto".
After a few years, in place of "the international language of Dr. Esperanto", the short name "Esperanto" came into use. Therefore, on this day we celebrate, all over the world, the 125th anniversary of Esperanto.
Is there chicken for dinner?
Will you not lose your mind?
Fill her up with regular. I am paying cash.
The scandal was an obstacle to his career.
That one, it is in stock.
He will not do it anymore.
I eat breakfast there, most of the time.
Speaking about foreign languages, do you speak French?
She found the key to my heart.
The children caught butterflies.
I do not feel guilty.
I unfortunately drew a wrong conclusion.
A lie, told by a sensible man, remains a lie.
Politician, it is a shitty job, but strangely enough nobody ever wants to quit. Apparently, it is too much of a turn-on.
Do you prefer meat or fish?
He works the night shift.
The works of Jorge Luis Borges were translated into more than twenty-five languages.
You should not discriminate against people based on their gender.
What are you going to be using the frogs for, mister? Asked one of the boys.
Today we celebrate the 125th anniversary of Esperanto!
Specular image holds an important place in Lakan's theory of the Imaginary.
He expressed his dissatisfaction.
I am homesick.
I have spent three times as much money as you spent.
Have you ever taught Chinese to foreigners?
I cannot teach for free.
Tom teaches German to immigrants.
Dark tourism consists in getting kicks from the world's poverty and misery.
This is the first time I've ever told Taninna "I love you."
Have you ever told me the truth?
I cannot tell this to my father.
Have you ever thought about that?
I cannot think about that.
Have you ever thrown up in a bus?
Have you ever thrown stones at crows?
Have you ever tidied your room?
Have you ever folded a flag?
I am peeling apples.
I cannot peel potatoes. I don't have a knife.
This is the first time I've ever peeled potatoes.
Have you ever peeled onions?
This is the first time I've ever tidied my room.
I cannot tidy my room. I don't have time.
I cannot touch fire.
I cannot train with the military.
This is the first time I've ever trained at night.
I cannot translate this book.
I am translating an article.
Have you ever translated a book?
Have you ever trained at night?
Have you ever travelled by plane?
I cannot travel by plane.
I am travelling by plane.
"I am treating a patient", the doctor said.
This is the first time I've ever treated a wounded person.
I am trying on this dress.
Have you ever tried this coat on?
Have you ever treated children?
I am turning the sound of the radio down.
I am turning the sound of the TV on.
I am tying my laces. Wait for me!
I am tying the cow to the pole.
Have you ever understood something of what he says?
I am unmaking my bed.
Have you ever upset your mother?
I cannot understand Korean. I have never learnt it.
I cannot use a computer. There is no power.
Have you ever used a gun to kill a fly?
I am using a new computer.
Have you ever visited your sister?
I cannot visit the museum. It's too late.
I cannot walk without a stick.
Have you ever walked like a duck?
I am warming myself by the fireplace.
I am heating the dinner.
This is the first time I've ever heated the dinner.
I cannot heat the dinner. There is no gas.
Have you ever heated the dinner?
Have you ever taken your children to the beach?
This is the first time I've ever taken my children to the countryside.
I cannot take my children to the movie theater.
Have you ever warmed yourself by a fire?
This is the first time I've ever warmed myself by a fireplace.
I am washing my brother's car.
Have you ever washed your car?
I cannot wash my car. It's going to rain.
I am wasting my time.
I cannot watch this film. I don't like it.
I am watching an old film.
Have you ever watched this film?
I am watering the backyard.
Have you ever watered your backyard?
I cannot water the backyard. There is no water.
I am wearing my silver jewelry.
I cannot wear these pants. They are too tight.
This is the first time I've ever worn a white coat.
I am putting on my jacket. Wait for me.
I am weaving a Berber carpet.
I cannot weave big carpets.
This is the first time I've ever woven a carpet.
I am weighing myself.
This is the first time I've weighed myself this year.
I cannot weigh myself. I don't have scales.
Have you ever weighed yourself?
Mary is wetting her hair.
I am wetting my handkerchief.
I cannot wet my hair. It's cold.
This is the first time I've ever wetted my hair.
I am whistling in my house.
This is the first time I've ever whistled in the classroom.
I cannot whistle.
Have you ever whistled?
Have you ever won a prize?
I am winking at him, but he's not looking.
I am waving at her, but she's not looking.
I am wiping the shelves.
Have you ever wiped the table?
I cannot wipe the table. I don't have a cloth.
This is the first time I've ever wiped all the tables.
I am wriggling like a snake.
I am wringing my wet clothes.
Have you ever wrung sweat out of your clothes?
I cannot wring this carpet by myself.
This is the first time I've ever wrung sweat out of my clothes.
I am squeezing an orange.
I can't squeeze this orange. It's dry.
Have you ever squeezed an orange?
This is the first time I've ever squeezed an orange.
I can't write in Arabic. I don't have an Arabic keyboard.
I am writing an article.
Tom is writing a short story.
Have you ever waited under the rain?
Tom is waiting in the backyard.
This is the first time I've ever waited in the rain.
I cannot wait for the bus. It's late.
I am yawning because I feel sleepy.
I am yelling at the top of my voice!
I accept gifts.
I have never accepted a gift.
I add sentences.
I have never added sentences to Tatoeba.
One man, no man.
I address people politely.
I have never addressed Tania in Russian.
I advise customers.
I have never advised a friend.
I aim at ducks, but I don't shoot them.
I have never aimed at a bear with my rifle.
I have never alluded to marriage.
Is it true that you added a million examples to Tatoeba?
One fire drives out another.
Is it true you accepted to marry Tom?
Is it true you addressed the manager in Chinese?
Is it true you advised Taninna to sell her house?
Is it true that you aimed at an elephant and you missed it?
Is it true that you alluded to an intention to divorce Taninna?
Is it true that you annoyed Taninna?
Is it true that you argued with Taninna?
Is it true you assembled the engine by yourself?
Old birds are not caught with chaff.
I'd like to have Sex on the Beach. Please don't misunderstand me! I'm speaking about a drink.
We're excited for the Olympics!
Is it true that you can write in Chinese?
I cannot receive letters. I don't have an address.
Have you ever received letters from Marika?
This is the first time I've ever received a parcel from abroad.
Is it true that you received a present from Taninna?
Is it true that you attended a meeting with the Nazis?
Translators often tend, consciously or not, to "explain" a text by making it more logical than the original.
Is it true that you authorized the driver to take the car home?
Is it true that you baked a pizza today?
Is it true that you were absent yesterday?
Is it true that you were on TV yesterday?
Is it true that you were pregnant then?
Is it true that you beat Taninna?
Is it the Pantheon in Athens or something like that?
Is it true that you were in Madrid then?
Is it true that you bit your sister?
Is it true that you boarded that plane?
I am rather happy.
The problem is that they only think about themselves.
Show me the content of your book shelves and I will tell you who you are.
I have been wanting to kiss you since the moment I saw you.
I am available the whole day, therefore I can come at whatever time is more convenient for you.
The pencil case is on the table.
Stand up when I am talking to you.
Monkeys do not complain about not having been made into men.
Some people are demonstrating against nuclear arms.
This might interest you.
I was stupid enough to believe it.
Let us try to compare his works with theirs.
The women in this film are dressed in a very conventional way.
Do I have the right to accompany you?
Smoking may lead to a slow and pleasant death.
Take your time to park correctly, I am not in a hurry.
She is around twenty years of age.
Our town does not have a corps of firemen.
What a pretty flower.
If I were rich, I would travel.
Are they now available throughout Switzerland?
Schopenhauer was a ferocious pessimist.
Let those pigs hang!
You met friends.
Prince Charles will be the next British king.
I believe that this is not a good idea.
"Go Ukraine!", screamed the fans.
For both translations, I often have to use the dictionary and I notice that there are too few scientific terms.
If he comes, give him my regards.
Law is on my side.
You work hard!
You are the one that I was looking for.
A day will be and food will be.
You're looking for a job, aren't you? Shouldn't you be out pounding the pavement?
I don't know who has the highest authority in Japanese grammar.
I cook well.
I'm good at cooking.
The school is on the hill.
Her sweater is blue.
I'm waiting for a train.
I've always played with my brother.
The population of Russia, as well as its progress in civilization, has considerably increased within these last hundred years.
By the register of 1764, it appears that the population amounted to 20,100,000.
In 1778, it was calculated to be about ten millions; and, by an enumeration made in 1787, the population was ascertained to be 10,409,879; and Boetticher, in his Statistical Accounts, states the population at millions.
Monsieur D'Espilly, in the year 1772, calculated the population of France at upwards of millions; namely, 10,562,males, and 11,451,females; consequently the proportion of females to males was about to 13.
At the same period, in Queen Elizabeth's reign, the population of England did not exceed five millions and a half.
If you make your bed, you've got to lie in it.
You should exercise more.
The enemy has come to our country.
If you're gonna get into the Evil League of Evil, you have to have a memorable laugh.
It's a good day to be homeless.
It's a brand new day.
Gingerbread Man hanged himself.
Do not fool him.
I'm gonna shock the world!
Take the emergency exit!
Close the safe.
Cut off the gas!
Cut off the electricity.
Clear the corridor!
Put out your cigarettes.
I am injured.
Call home!
Call my husband.
Tom has a medical bracelet.
Call the fire department!
I hate infinite scrolling, because I strongly believe that users should have a right to choose whether they want to load the next page or not.
It is not true that both of the parents tried hard in search of their daughter.
Hats are the secret to money.
I want her in my office.
I want you in my office.
Who are you rooting for?
You will never be alone with schizophrenia.
You'll never be alone with schizophrenia.
I think I'm in love!
The composition has been written hurriedly, so it's probably full of errors.
Is it true that you boiled water in a paper bag?
Is it true that you borrowed a million dollars from the bank?
Is it true that you broke Taninna's computer?
Is it true that you breast-fed all your children?
Is it true that you brought your dog to the office?
Is it true that you built this house by yourself?
Is it true that you burnt your house with a cigarette?
Is it true that you bought a house in London?
Is it true that you calculated this without a calculator?
Is it true that you called Taninna in the middle of the night?
Is it true that you called the boss names?
Is it true that you caught a scorpion?
Is it true that you changed your name?
Is it true that you chewed tobacco?
Is it true that you cleaned the house by yourself?
Is it true that you cleared the garden?
Is it true that you climbed this mountain?
Is it true that you closed the shop at nine?
Is it true that you coated the wall with clay?
Is it true that you came by plane?
Is it true that you came across a bear?
Is it true that you complained to the principal?
Is it true that you connected this old computer to the Internet?
Is it true that you corrected all these sentences?
Is it true that you crossed this river by swimming?
Is it true that you cut this huge tree by yourself?
Is it true that you danced tango in that party?
Thank you for considering me for the job.
Thank you for your consideration.
I felt winded after running up the stairs.
He winded himself when he fell off the swing.
There are always so many unwanted gifts in the house after Christmas.
He is quick to voice his concerns.
He is good at voicing the concerns others are too nervous to speak up about.
The topping on the cake is her favourite bit.
He is experienced in valuing antiques.
Training for a marathon is taxing.
He was already springing into action when the director shouted 'Cut!'.
What exactly are we paying for?
What exactly am I paying for?
This smartphone uses an ARM processor.
It came as a surprise.
The number of cases of whooping cough is on the rise in the last years.
It's an ecological disaster.
I feel the same.
And we got a free pizza.
It's a chick thing.
You want to go out for a drink?
Tom is polite and sensitive.
When will you travel to Paris?
It sounds like a fun job.
The cat meant no harm.
He's too trusting.
Who did you give the house keys to?
You're too trusting.
She's too trusting.
The scientists examined dendrochronological records.
The scientists looked at tree-ring data.
She dislocated her shoulder.
He dislocated his shoulder.
I dislocated my shoulder.
Can you believe that she sold her virginity on eBay?
He seemed really nervous.
She seemed really nervous.
Have you dug up potatoes?
We are trapped in an alternative reality.
I am trapped in another dimension.
All your money won't get you off this island.
Your eyes let you see, your ears let you hear. Don't let them keep you from understanding.
Don't go further down that road.
I attempted to get up, but my body was heavy as lead.
The air mainly consists of oxygen and nitrogen.
Dim sunbeams on my eyelids, a faint tinge dyes the room.
I know. After all, the security camera caught you yesterday.
Staying at home is not a pleasant thing.
They are boring me!
I hit him by chance.
A loved one can always be smelled.
Celebrate! Tomorrow we may die!
The hunter does not lie down with the prey.
Her watch is superior in quality to mine.
Your legume is OK.
What does one call this?
Air is mainly composed of nitrogen and oxygen.
In the next four years, billion euro must be saved.
My tight wad husband took me to McDonald's for our anniversary.
He graduated from some rinky-dink college in Oklahoma.
It's hard to find a totally mechanical pinball machine. These days, they're all electronic.
Descartes thought that the mind and body were joined in the pineal gland.
I have to pull a ripcord to start my lawn mower.
The floorboards creak a bit when you walk across them.
The avalanche hurtled tons of snow down the mountain.
The handcuffed man headbutted the officer escorting him to his cell.
She's a kept woman.
Someone keyed the whole left side of my car!
He's almost always cast as a leading man.
A student's penmanship used to be graded, but the digital age has done away with that.
His health ebbed slowly away.
A lie detector works by detecting changes in pulse and respiration.
Normally, I'm a very peaceful man. But if my family is threatened, there's no telling what I'll do.
Forgive me, please. I meant well.
Good-hearted women are always beautiful, but beautiful women are not always good-hearted.
I'll leave this to your imagination.
I'm arriving at the station around one thirty-five.
Sometimes we don’t do things we want to do so that others won’t know we want to do them.
Apparently all that doesn't work perfectly yet, but the system is interesting.
You blocked me on Facebook, and now you're going to die.
Please keep it under your hat.
Most of the leaves have fallen.
Would you like to go out with me tonight?
How's the news?
He always listens to the news on the radio.
I asked him about what he did yesterday.
The plane was late because of the bad weather.
My father forgets everything.
We began to understand more.
What he's saying doesn't mean anything.
I really want to see this movie with her.
He has worked in France his whole life.
What's the capital of the United States?
Everything's done.
Is perfection boring?
Your cooking is delicious.
I'm truly grateful!
You're right, I'm sorry.
People chose to learn Esperanto, they are not forced into it.
I'd like to say "goodbye" and "thank you" in Esperanto. Can you help me out?
Eat this up.
How do you travel to work?
How do you get to work?
In February, I was in Sao Paulo.
Napoleon was exiled to the island of Elba in 1814.
Certain teachers do not understand this problem.
At the moment the patient is out of danger.
He often reads contemporary authors.
What types of sandwiches do you have?
Ecstasy is the upper system's drug.
I will not unload the car because other workers have to do that.
I won't unload the car because that's somebody else's job.
Ask whether Russians have already flown in.
Ask whether the Russians have already flown in.
You either go with me, or with him.
I know neither this man, nor this woman.
How can I speak to a man I have not yet met?
John is more qualified than Peter.
I wish you a good trip!
Bill is not as tall as you.
Back up!
I very rarely eat meat.
I phone him every day.
It's been a while. How are you?
I will study English at home.
I'm studying English at home.
He is really competitive when it comes to football.
Could you please speak more quietly? I feel hungover.
Could you please speak more quietly? I am feeling hungover.
Could you please speak more quietly? I am hungover.
I do it because I like to do it.
My sister has given me an iPhone, but I do not know how to use it.
According to meteorologists, from tomorrow on the weather will be very hot.
There were many students in the room.
Two little squirrels, a white one and a black one, lived in a large forest.
He may have been right.
She may have been right.
Everybody I meet I say hello to him.
Thank you for the dinner, it's so delicious.
Wash your hands and then eat.
Drink if you're thirsty and eat if you're hungry.
I have a rottweiler.
He's overconfident.
She's overconfident.
It's far too small.
This house is far too small.
This house is too big for us.
It's not fake.
He missed the deadline.
She missed the deadline.
They missed the deadline.
We missed the deadline.
This statue is made of marble.
The villagers are dancing around the Maypole.
He's in a state of shock.
She's in a state of shock.
The Mont Blanc is the tallest mountain in Europe.
Can he do it?
Can she do it?
She broke the world record.
The girls are playing beach volleyball.
She plays beach volleyball.
He plays beach volleyball.
Tom is watching beach volleyball.
The boys are playing beach volleyball.
This is one of the basic rules.
It's a time-honored tradition.
She's a nymphomaniac.
It's not without risks.
He wants to be more independent.
She wants to be more independent.
It can be confusing at first.
When are you going back to your own country?
He was scared to admit that he didn't know.
She was scared to admit that she didn't know.
He promised not to say it.
He broke two ribs and punctured his lung.
He doesn't take vacations.
It's business as usual.
This is how it is.
The investigation concluded that the police officer had done nothing wrong.
Hello, I am new to Tatoeba.
I'm stuck in a traffic jam.
He's very skeptical.
She's very skeptical.
He's away on vacation.
She's away on vacation.
He lost everything.
She lost everything.
They lost everything.
It's a boys' club.
Girls aren't welcome.
Girls are not welcome.
Boys aren't welcome.
Boys are not welcome.
Tom is an investment banker.
He has a small advantage.
She has a small advantage.
What a mess!
It started a chain reaction.
Let's hope he's all right.
Let's hope she's all right.
The only way is up.
This is highly inefficient.
Tom is generous and kind.
Nobody moves!
Nobody asked.
You must think this is funny.
They should have the right to decide for themselves.
He should have the right to decide for himself.
She should have the right to decide for herself.
He's in pain.
She's in pain.
I don't give a rat's ass.
Tom has a fascination with Japanese food.
She has a fascination with French food.
He would not approve.
She would not approve.
What can be done?
The tactic worked.
He's tough on crime.
She says that she's tough on crime.
We have to go.
Tom resigned the next day.
Law doesn't protect the fools.
This law is paternalistic.
I did it out of curiosity.
There is nothing to be angry about.
I'm not sure why.
Who's in charge?
That's his weak spot.
It's totally normal.
Yesterday we prepared some delicious fish in a new microwave.
A third of this country's inhabitants is illiterate.
So, two times to the right, right?
From here we see the city.
Would you have the same thing?
The mass is over.
The sun is blinding.
The field of my research specialty is sociology.
I love to eat cakes.
I am against working on Sundays.
About distant relatives, one can complain to their heart's content.
Don't be so formal, please!
He learned it the hard way.
She learned it the hard way.
We're having a blast.
It goes without saying that he is a superb pianist.
It is not necessary to say that she is an excellent pianist.
It is enjoyable to play tennis.
That's why you're the best.
I went twice to Beijing and once to Shanghai.
You're so rude!
I don't work on either Saturday or Sunday.
Véronique loves bouquets of flowers.
Seen from space, Earth seems relatively small.
She held her two hands on her ears to not hear the noise.
You've got it coming!
Picasso is considered the greatest painter of the twentieth century.
From a small acorn grows a tall oak tree.
The stock collapsed overnight.
The bakery is located next to the butcher shop.
Once thawed, do not freeze again and use right away. Cook well.
The rain just stopped. We can leave.
Yes, I will come with you.
A cold wind was blowing on his face.
He knows his job.
Are you coming to my party?
See you at seven tomorrow.
Mistakes like these, you make them often.
He invested two hundred dollars in a promising business.
At this time, I am reading an action novel.
We will be back tonight.
Each can decide freely.
This word is not found in the list.
He wrote three books in three years.
He let me work in his office.
In what month were you born?
This is unbearable.
Why do you want to be introduced to him?
If I had to do it again, I would!
He speaks in his sleep.
My botched sentence must be the stillborn child of an aborted copy and paste.
If I were you, I would not do it.
We want to invest in profitable projects for future generations.
There are plenty of rocks.
We do not accept tips.
I think that you are twenty years old.
The dog runs out of the house.
The fraud goes on.
This is me, eating a banana.
I'm eating a banana.
It isn't moralism.
It is not moralism.
It's not moralism.
Reveal your secret!
How do you get your children out of bed and off to play?
I have got two telephones: one is a mobile phone, another is a landline.
May God protect you from those who hate you!
May God bless the country I was born in!
My country is situated in North Africa, south of the Mediterranean Sea.
Turkish warships intercepted a Greek boat which was suspected of carrying illegal immigrants.
Stop reading.
Man is the only animal that writes books.
Can you show me the way to a bus stop, please?
What's the name of this town?
Where does this road lead, please?
That blonde girl with curly hair is from Sweden.
A washing machine is a must for a house.
It would have been better if you came yesterday so that many people would see you!
I wish all people loved peace!
He began to look for work.
This word has been in my notebook for a long time.
I wish this man would not die before his children grow up!
There is no need to talk about it.
This is another story.
I do not have any more time.
Smoking can kill.
Unfortunately, she lives abroad.
This is not a tiger.
I have been selected to participate in this program.
North Americans are more conservative in terms of sexual morality than Europeans.
You're not dogs.
Give my regards to your mother!
Answer the question!
He has no interest whatsoever in money.
It has been snowing for two days.
The nurses look after the patient day and night.
What is he looking for?
Thanks for your invitation to the party.
Could you please gift-wrap it please?
There was a watermill under the dam.
Mary does not have anyone to talk to, but she does not feel lonely.
I stopped buying newspapers in paper form a few years ago already; I only read them in electronic format.
If I had known that you were sick, I would have visited you at the hospital.
I am going to that place.
For dinner, we went back to my place.
Our company selected this office suite.
How did they meet? By chance, like everyone else.
"What were their names?" "Why do you care?"
Where were they going? Do we know where we are going?
The neighbors sent their kid on a linguistic trip to Ireland this summer.
This forum is great.
I am expecting some serious work from you.
She is much taller than me.
He is the head of the sales department.
This theory is scientifically controversial.
It is not appropriate for you to do this.
Cows have horns.
Cows have udders.
A cow has a long tail.
A cow chases away flies with its tail.
A truth that's told with bad intent, beats all the lies you can invent.
I can teach you a thing or two.
I can teach you how to sing.
I can teach you how to write.
I can teach you how to read.
I can teach you how to fly.
I can teach you how to bewitch men.
I can teach you how to pray.
I can teach you how to steal.
I can teach you how to fool people.
I can teach you how to translate.
I can teach you how to worship God.
I can teach you how to swim.
I can teach you how to repair your car.
I can teach you how to repair a computer.
I can teach you how to dance.
I can teach you how to hunt.
I can teach you how to fish.
I can teach you how to do this.
I can teach you how to cook.
I can teach you how to love children.
I can teach you how to show your love.
I can teach you something.
I can teach you things.
I can teach you how to sell.
I can teach you how to shoot.
I can teach you how to fight.
I can teach you how to argue.
I can teach you how to play.
I can teach you my language.
I can teach you guitar.
I can teach you how to bake a pizza.
This is the last time I'll accept a gift.
It's the last time I add a sentence to Tatoeba.
This is the last time I'll address Marika in French.
This is the last time I'll advise Taninna.
This is the last time I'll annoy the teacher.
This is the last time I'll apply this ointment on my skin.
This is the last time I'll argue with my sister.
It's the last time I ask Tom a question.
This is the first time I've ever attended these kind of meetings.
This is the first time I've ever authorized my workers to leave early.
This is the last time I'll allow the maid to drive my car.
This game is great!
This game is spectacular!
I've cut myself.
I've burnt myself.
My wallet has been stolen.
My purse has been stolen.
My handbag has been stolen.
My laptop has been stolen.
My car has been broken into.
I've been mugged.
I've been attacked.
The building is on fire.
The building's on fire.
The door opened and a man came in.
Are there other Berbers contributing to Tatoeba?
Can Tatoeba contribute to the saving of endangered languages?
Can Tatoeba help minority languages?
Can Tatoeba help students who learn foreign languages?
Can Tatoeba help you to learn foreign languages?
Does Tatoeba really help translators?
Do translators use Tatoeba?
Do you have friends on Tatoeba?
Do you love Tatoeba?
Do you love Tatoeba more than you love me?
Do you show Tatoeba to your friends?
Do you use Tatoeba when you translate?
How can Tatoeba help you in translation?
How many meaningful sentences can Tatoeba contain?
How many people contribute to Tatoeba?
How did you learn about the Tatoeba Project?
When did you see Tatoeba for the first time?
Ah, Alsace! It is usually known for the beauty of its half-timbered houses, its renowned gastronomy and its famous Christmas markets. However, it is also a cultural crossroads in the heart of Europe. It links France, Switzerland and Germany through an incredible diversity of landscapes where, flanked by mountains and the banks of the Rhine, open-air activities abound.
I found Tatoeba on Google and by accident.
How many visitors does Tatoeba have?
If you love Tatoeba, then marry it!
I'm not your wife anymore. Your wife is Tatoeba!
I see you visit a website called Tatoeba. What is it about?
Is Tatoeba like Facebook?
Is Tatoeba good?
Tatoeba is easy to use.
Tatoeba is not my wife. You are my wife!
Tell me about Tatoeba.
The manager knows that you always visit Tatoeba.
There are not many Berbers contributing to Tatoeba.
I wish there were many Berbers who contribute to Tatoeba.
What happened to Tatoeba?
What is Tatoeba?
Who are your friends on Tatoeba?
Who can add sentences to Tatoeba?
Who else uses Tatoeba in your office?
Who is your wife, me or Tatoeba?
Who uses Tatoeba?
Why do you always talk about Tatoeba?
Why do you spend most of your spare time with Tatoeba?
You have become a Tatoeba-addict.
You prefer to spend more time with Tatoeba than with me.
The house remained closed ever since.
Tom remained in England ever since.
They're also too good.
They are also too good.
I jog almost every day.
I buy milk almost every day.
I write letters almost every day.
I translate articles almost every day.
Sekkura is a qualified chef.
I speak Chinese almost every day.
I learn Esperanto almost every day.
My friend invited me to dinner at the restaurant.
I read jokes almost every day.
I tell stories almost every day.
I mop my house almost every day.
I wash my car almost every day.
I love Kabyle food.
I watch movies almost every day.
I play soccer almost every day.
Have a nice meal!
I revise my lessons almost every day.
I play guitar almost every day.
There are in my garden a lot of vegetables: lettuce, onion, garlic, etc.
I add sentences to Tatoeba almost every day.
I can not even cook an omelet.
Please make a cross in the appropriate box.
I visit Tatoeba almost every day.
The enemy attack ended at dawn.
I dream about Marika almost every day.
Hospitals request that the patients provide important details about family history, allergies, and their present condition.
I drink milk almost every day.
There is a plan of treatment at the end of the included leaflet.
I eat meat almost every day.
One does not simply walk into North Korea.
Go play on the highway, kids!
I fish almost every day.
I draw almost every day.
I sneeze almost every day.
I cry almost every day.
My mouth is dry.
I hunt almost every day.
Where's the nearest doctor?
I drive almost every day.
I go to the beach almost every day.
I call Marika almost every day.
I help Taninna almost every day.
What a cuss word!
I teach English almost every day.
I use Google almost every day.
I bake cakes almost every day.
I change my password almost every day.
The black cat purred, as if he was being petted.
I travel almost every day.
I dive almost every day.
I fight almost every day.
I wish all people had loved peace.
I argue almost every day.
I wish all people loved peace.
I have a nap almost every day.
I see Marika almost every day.
I wish all people would love peace.
I have lunch with the manager almost every day.
I have dinner with Taninna almost every day.
I repair computers almost every day.
I take the subway almost every day.
I cook almost every day.
I iron my clothes almost every day.
I clean my room almost every day.
I contribute to this forum almost every day.
I exercise almost every day.
I train almost every day.
I go to sleep at ten almost every day.
Tell her that I am in France.
Tell her that I am sick.
Tell her that I am busy.
Tell her that I am tired.
May I take a pen?
May I write on this sheet of paper?
May I open the door?
May I close the window?
You have to do it.
May I switch off the light?
May I switch on the light?
May I turn off the TV?
Where's the nearest hospital?
What is the telephone number of the ambulance?
This is ludicrous.
I may be wrong.
I am not going out because I have to revise.
I enjoy it more each time.
I am not going out because I have to finish reading this book.
What does the future hold?
I go shopping almost every day.
It's a cautionary tale.
I peg up the washing almost every day.
I am not going out because I have to mop my room.
I am not going out because I have to clean the house.
I am not going out because I have to tidy my room.
I make my bed almost every day.
I smoke almost every day.
I connect to the Internet almost every day.
She has started acting strangely.
He has started acting strangely.
I tidy my room almost every day.
The cat has started acting strangely.
The car has been acting strangely.
It took me several hours to prepare it.
It took me several hours to paint that room.
Tom got into a fight with the people who were staring at him.
It took me several hours to repair it.
It took me several hours to program it.
It took me several hours to reprogram it.
It took me several hours to wash it.
It took me several hours to clean it.
It took me several hours to sew it.
I recognize that pool!
It took me several hours to mend it.
Maybe you dreamed of it!
A visit to the city centre, listed as a UNESCO World Heritage Site, is a must.
He's playing a tower defense game.
She's playing Tetris.
How self-important you are!
How stand-offish you are!
It took me several hours to translate it.
He's playing Tetris.
It took me several hours to find it.
I take a shower almost every day.
I shave almost every day.
Good luck convincing him.
Good luck convincing her.
I give charity almost every day.
I pray for Tom almost every day.
I practice sport almost every day.
I sing almost every day.
I won't see that gong anymore.
I send letters almost every day.
I check my mailbox almost every day.
Can you guess who I'm talking about?
It took me several hours to open it.
It took me several hours to decypher it.
It took me several hours to cook it.
It took me several hours to read it.
It took me several hours to assemble it.
It took me several hours to finish it.
Strasbourg is also an ideal starting point for excursions across the Rhine, to châteaux nestling in the heart of vineyards, villages perching on the mountainside between lakes and forests, and other delights.
I've never done it like that before.
Tom has strong hands.
You'll go far.
Tom hates everybody.
He moved out of his parents' place.
She moved out of her parents' place.
He's a construction worker.
She's a construction worker.
It's rather unique.
This sounds familiar.
Tom wore a silk shirt.
Mary wore a silk blouse.
He's mad at everyone.
She's mad at everyone.
I'm not going to dissuade you from going up that mountain. Just watch out for the yetis.
He drinks himself unconscious every night.
She drinks herself unconscious every night.
He's a slacker.
She's a slacker.
He gave me a ride home.
She gave me a ride home.
They had a heated argument.
Put your hands in the air.
There he is.
There she is.
We're on our way.
He took a protein shake.
She took a protein shake.
I never suspected anything.
She complained that the picture was too revealing.
She gave me mouth to mouth and saved my life.
He gave me mouth to mouth and saved my life.
He doesn't show his true feelings.
She doesn't show her true feelings.
Money isn't everything.
He hired a private investigator.
She hired a private investigator.
He lives paycheck to paycheck.
She lives paycheck to paycheck.
I'm watching you.
He's watching me.
She's watching me.
That's a big one.
He's right here.
She's right here.
I went to bed after I came home.
She doesn't know how to tell the difference between good and evil.
That system is clearly better than the current one.
What a beautiful field!
He often writes letters to his parents.
He's their only child.
"Do you want to leave a message?" "No, thanks."
At least they listened to me.
What are you trying to hide?
Don't tell your mother.
Don't tell your dad.
If I ever had the money, I'd buy a gigantic plot of land.
My parents don't know.
I think I've been here before.
The same word can mean different things to different people: "headshot" doesn't mean the same thing to actors and video game players.
You are the most beautiful woman I have ever seen.
You always repeat the same thing.
The suspects will face charges for importing and possessing drugs in a Sydney court.
Tom is like his father.
Noriko is like her mother.
Bulgarian is like Russian.
I am like my brother.
I am like my sister.
I am like my mother.
I am like my father.
I am like you.
I am like him.
I am like her.
I am like them.
Deal with it!
An Englishman, a Scotsman, an Irishman, a Welshman, a Gurkha, a Latvian, a Turk, an Aussie, a German, an American, an Egyptian, a Japanese, a Mexican, a Spaniard, a Russian, a Pole, a Lithuanian, a Jordanian, a Kiwi, a Swede, a Finn, an Israeli, a Romanian, a Bulgarian, a Serb, a Swiss, a Greek, a Singaporean, an Italian, a Norwegian, an Argentinian, a Libyan and a South African went to a night club. The bouncer said: "Sorry, I can't let you in without a Thai."
Two years ago, the idea of offering a research semester for particularly interested and committed teachers became reality. The aim is to improve communication between schools and universities. Since teachers are the best people for diffusing newly acquired knowledge, they will be given the opportunity to spend a research sabbatical at a university and to subsequently integrate this knowledge into classroom teaching.
The room wasn't tidied by Rosa.
The car wasn't washed by Tom.
Tell her that I am taking a bath.
Tell her that I am talking on the phone.
Tell her that I am cooking dinner.
Tell her that I am taking a shower.
Tell her that I am combing my hair.
Tell her that I am having dinner.
Tell her that I am writing a letter.
Tell her that I am dyeing my hair.
Tell her that I am eating.
Tell her that I am sleeping.
Tell her that I am watching the news.
Tell her that I am driving.
Tell her that I am coming.
Tell her that I am repairing the refrigerator.
Tell her that I am sewing.
Tell her that I am praying.
Tell her that I am training.
Tell her that I am helping Taninna with her homework.
Tell her that I am treating a patient.
Tell her that I am dressing.
Tell her that I am shaving.
Tell her that I am listening to music.
Tell her that I am breast-feeding my baby.
Tell her that I am washing the car.
Tell her that I am mopping the kitchen.
Tell her that I am pegging up the washing.
Tell her that I am heating up the car.
Tell her that I know who she is.
Tell her that I am carding the wool.
Tell her that I am reading the newspaper.
Tell her that I am ironing my clothes.
Tell her that I am pruning the trees.
Tell her that I am clearing the garden.
Tell her that I am peeling the potatoes.
Tell her that I am drinking juice.
Tell her that I am thinking about a solution.
Tell her that I am looking for the keys.
Tell her that I am waiting for her.
Tell her that I am in a taxi.
Tell her that I am basking in the sun.
Tell her that I am doing shopping.
Tell her that I am playing with the kids.
Tell her that I am swimming.
Tell her that I am having a nap.
Tell her that I am cutting the meat.
Tell her that I am fishing.
Tell her that I am learning driving.
Tell her that I am fed up of her lies.
Tell her that I am sated.
Tell her that I am hungry.
Tell her that I am thirsty.
Tell her that I am exhausted.
Tell her that I am angry.
Tell her that I am angry with her.
Tell her that I am proud of her.
Tell her that I am preparing dinner.
Tell her that I am joking.
Tell her that I am just joking.
Tell her that I am joking with her.
Tell her that I am just joking with her.
I spend time on Facebook almost every day.
I hear cicadas almost every day.
I talk to the manager almost every day.
I wear sunglasses almost every day.
I ride my horse almost every day.
I bring my children to the park almost every day.
I take my children to the beach almost every day.
Don't let him go out.
Don't let him leave.
Don't let him go.
Don't let him eat it.
Don't let him eat the bread.
Don't let him move.
Don't let him move the table.
Don't let him move it.
Don't let him take it.
Don't let him take the car.
Don't let him close it.
Don't let him close the door.
Don't let him touch the computer.
I wet my hair almost every day.
I sweep the yard almost every day.
Don't let him hit you.
Don't let him hit his sister.
Don't let him open the door.
Don't let him play with your phone.
Don't let him run.
Don't let him bite you.
Don't let him break glasses.
Don't let him follow me.
Don't let him watch this film.
Don't let him play piano.
Don't let him sleep.
Don't let him say anything.
Don't let him climb on the bed.
Don't let him put his feet on the table.
Don't let him take his shoes off.
Don't let him scream.
Don't let him sit there.
Don't let him stay there.
Don't let him read this.
Don't let him tear this picture.
Don't let him keep this picture.
Don't let him use this phone.
Don't let him drink this juice.
Don't let him damage the TV.
Don't let him listen to this music.
Don't let him associate with this kind of people.
Don't let him hang around with this kind of boys.
Don't let him lie on the floor.
Don't let him answer the phone.
Don't let him have a rest.
Don't let him talk to her.
Don't let him talk to Taninna.
Don't let him call her.
Don't let him call Taninna.
Don't let him take pictures.
Don't let him whistle.
Whose glasses are these?
"Whose glasses are these?" "They are my father's."
"Whose shoes are these?" "They are my brother's."
"Whose socks are these?" "They are my sister's."
"Whose rings are these?" "They are my mother's."
"Whose jewels are these?" "They are Taninna's."
"Whose children are these?" "They are Marika's."
"Whose keys are these?" "They are Mary's."
"Whose earrings are these?" "They are Tania's."
"Whose teeth are these?" "They are my grandfather's."
Don't let him press this button.
Don't let him switch off the light.
Don't let him lick you.
Don't let him claw you.
Don't let him switch on the lamp.
It took me several hours to fold all the clothes.
It took me several hours to iron all your shirts.
It took me several hours to correct it.
It took me several hours to draw it.
"Whose dresses are these?" "They are Nabila's."
"Whose pants are these?" "They are Ken's."
"Whose pens are these?" "They are Tom's."
"Whose brushes are these?" "They are Picasso's."
"Whose pictures are these?" "They are Marika's."
"Whose sunglasses are these?" "They are Nabil's."
"Whose gloves are these?" "They are Lisa's."
"Whose pencils are these?" "They are Walt Disney's."
"Whose ears are these?" "They are Mickey Mouse's."
"Whose clothes are these?" "They are Mark's."
"Whose tools are these?" "They are my uncle's."
"Whose bags are these?" "They are my aunt's."
"Whose cakes are these?" "They are Farida's."
"Whose sentences are these?" "They are Amastan's."
"Whose soldiers are these?" "They are Alaxander the Great's."
"Whose medicines are these?" "They are Fahima's."
The meaning of this practice was obfuscated by centuries of the practitioners' subjective interpretations.
"Whose CD's are these?" "They are Samir's."
"Whose examples are these?" "They are Meryem's."
"Whose needles are these?" "They are Nadya's."
"Whose earphones are these?" "They are Fatima's."
"Whose cows are these?" "They are my grandmother's."
"Whose sheep are these?" "They are mine."
"Whose goats are these?" "They are Yamina's."
"Whose notebooks are these?" "They are Karim's."
"Whose newspapers are these?" "They are my father's."
"Whose magazines are these?" "They are the doctor's."
"Whose knives are these?" "They are the butcher's."
"Whose screwdrivers are these?" "They are the repairman's."
"Whose boots are these?" "They are Lidya's."
"Whose letters are these?" "They are Linda's."
"Whose comments are these?" "They are Sysko's."
"Whose bracelets are these?" "They are Majda's."
"Whose cards are these?" "They are Fahima's."
"Whose pillows are these?" "They are Kenza's."
"Whose dogs are these?" "They are my neighbor's."
"Whose camels are these?" "They are Musa's."
"Whose documents are these?" "They are Michael's."
"Whose cats are these?" "They are Fatima's."
Samir hasn't finished yet.
Fahima hasn't finished yet.
Linda hasn't arrived yet.
Yanis hasn't arrived yet.
Kamal hasn't read the book yet.
Karima hasn't read the letter yet.
Lidya hasn't checked her mailbox yet.
There is nothing more interesting than languages.
Michael hasn't checked the doors yet.
Did you read them?
I know that you are vegetarians.
Give me a final answer.
I met a friend in town, and I drank a cup of coffee with her in a café.
He greeted his parents.
Last night, we celebrated a friend's birthday with cases of Champagne, we ended up completely wasted.
May I ask what you are working on now?
The Pope Benedict the 16th arrived in Germany on an official visit.
Why do you not answer?
What to make of it?
Would you help me if I moved?
The rioters threw cobblestones.
I do not believe in magic spells.
How many months along are you in your pregnancy?
It seems to me that she is almost fifteen years old.
How do we have to proceed in this case?
I don't want to meet her.
Truth or lie? It depends on the advertising.
I really enjoy your accurate questions.
You can only smoke on the patio.
Good night, dear friend!
They worshiped him as a hero.
For us too one day the sun will shine.
It is very short.
The story in published in all the newspapers.
Do you accept the explanation?
The restrooms in this hotel are first class!
The young wives of old husbands have the habit of thinking early on about choosing the one who will wipe their widow tears.
Nobody is interested in knowing what are your favorite sexual positions.
She pressed her nose against the glass.
Put the teapot on the burner, otherwise the tea will be cold.
That is my opinion.
You cannot walk the streets in such a strange outfit.
Hell! My network link is down.
I would like to go to Austria to study music.
The sales of this model took off.
Less words, more action.
The young ones wasted their money on drinks.
What kind of behavior would you generally consider as typically male?
I come as soon as I can.
I have an erection.
He feeds his rabbits three times a day: morning, noon and evening.
May I visit an art gallery?
Do you still remember them? Do you remember the happy days?
We already bought stamps on Monday.
Today I was coming to work by car.
His knowledge of Russian can, to be polite, still be improved.
One cannot make dogs out of cats.
Is there still something to add to his explanation?
It was my turn to straighten up the room.
She is as thin as a broom stick.
Yesterday, it was hot.
There is a lot of work at this time.
I thank you for your cooperation.
My body is painful, my head hurts, I have been affected in different ways.
You have not seen him.
You have not seen her.
You have not seen it.
What the woman wants, God wants!
He speaks as if he had really studied abroad.
Why do you see within?
The soccer ball is round.
A dog meets a crocodile. The crocodile says to the dog "Hello, fleabag!" The dog responds "Hello, handbag!"
I have to confess to you that I snore.
Why don't men hibernate?
This scarf is Jacqueline's.
Someone stained my invoice.
I really miss you a lot.
What a pain, why does he have to vacuum in the middle of the night!
I dreamed that I was buying this guitar.
He went abroad last year.
Remember it.
Smoking is really bad for your health.
Brush your teeth correctly before going to bed.
This river is the widest in Europe.
It's certain.
I'm ready for a vacation.
Why does nobody want it?
Madness has no more limits!
Tom hasn't revised his lessons yet.
Mary hasn't revised her lessons yet.
Mary hasn't cooked the dinner yet.
Mary hasn't prepared the table yet.
Tom hasn't eaten yet.
Mary hasn't eaten yet.
Tom hasn't called the police yet.
Mary hasn't called the fire department yet.
Tom hasn't had his dinner yet.
Mary hasn't had her dinner yet.
Tom hasn't had his lunch yet.
Mary hasn't had her lunch yet.
Tom hasn't cooked the eggs yet.
Tom hasn't fried the fish yet.
Mary hasn't fried the meat yet.
Tom hasn't grilled the fish yet.
Mary hasn't grilled the meat yet.
Tom hasn't painted his house yet.
Mary hasn't painted her room yet.
Tom hasn't listened to the song yet.
Mary hasn't listened to the speech yet.
Tom hasn't seen the video yet.
Mary hasn't seen the picture yet.
Tom hasn't heated up his car yet.
Mary hasn't heated up her Mercedes yet.
Tom hasn't talked to the manager yet.
Mary hasn't talked to her mother yet.
Tom hasn't paid the fine yet.
Mary hasn't paid the invoice yet.
Tom hasn't opened his store yet.
Mary hasn't opened her book yet.
Tom hasn't bought bread yet.
Mary hasn't bought milk yet.
Tom hasn't sent the letter yet.
Mary hasn't sent the parcel yet.
Tom hasn't cut the tree yet.
Mary hasn't cut the meat yet.
Tom hasn't watched TV yet.
Maria hasn't watched the news yet.
Tom hasn't connected to the Internet yet.
Mary hasn't connected her phone to the Internet yet.
Tom hasn't translated the article yet.
Mary hasn't translated the book yet.
Tom hasn't prepared the parcel yet.
Mary hasn't received the flowers yet.
He abandoned his purpose.
Tom hasn't watered the garden yet.
Mary hasn't watered her flowers yet.
Did you read all of it?
Did you read it entirely?
I do not know if it is love.
And did you know it, smart ass?
Many people easily understand the injustice of the current language situation in the world where English dominates. But they also see the collective advantages, as for example a relatively good and direct communication between intellectuals and leaders of different languages through the English language, and the personal advantages as their own knowledge of the English language. About a neutral language such as Esperanto, one does not know much and does not seek information.
You have to begin as soon as possible.
Does everybody want it?
A computer is to the brain like a bike is to the legs.
I think none of these students will go on to the next grade.
I'm afraid I'll get sick if I drink cold water.
How much does she spend per month?
What do you think of this work?
Son of a bitch!
If I had to choose between those two books, I would choose the one with the yellow cover.
Asshole!
I haven't seen this spooky enemy before!
Does love exist?
We are never as vulnerable as when we love.
I would like to go and get my stuff.
You have a noodle on your nose.
The signature of the armistice put an end to years of bloody conflicts, heavy in human and material losses.
It is a great pity not to have enough wits to speak well, nor enough judgment to be quiet.
I'm from the city.
You must be in good physical condition.
He's in good physical condition.
She's in good physical condition.
How old are the kids?
How old are your kids?
The air is damp.
I am not on call tomorrow.
It blew my mind.
There was a strong wind on that day.
He hung on to his job.
They were surprised by what they saw.
We learned English.
Pleasure is not bad in itself, but certain pleasures bring more pain than pleasure.
It is not funny!
Gasoline is more flammable than fuel oil.
When the snow melts, it becomes water.
In the country of the Tuaregs, people drink camel milk.
She knits a wool sweater.
The water coming from Djurdjura springs are clean.
I will manage my life and my thoughts as if the entire world had to be the witness of one and could read into the others.
I almost passed out.
Is the product in the ad already out of stock?
The plan is not yet finalized.
When water cools, it can become snow or ice.
It is a lot easier for a philosopher to explain a new concept to another philosopher than to a child. Why? Because the child asks the true questions.
The idea to propose computer-based training to salaried employees is maturing in businesses.
Give the television remote control back to me.
He lied, without hesitation.
Excuse me, but I can barely hear you.
Even though I looked for it, I did not find it.
He sacrificed his own life to save them.
I can no longer find the Vivendi file.
On the radio, they said that it was going to be cold.
She was asking me if I was able to write.
If you churn goat milk, you'll get sour milk and butter.
Time waits for no one.
Money cannot give talent, and sometimes it can prevent to reach it.
Wait!
As for the new project, I disagree with you.
I was forced to do it.
I will sleep at my aunt's.
He woke up in the middle of the night.
He owns a dishwasher.
I have a little fever.
That will cost thirty euros.
The doors opens to the bathroom.
Yes, it is nice, but I do not like the red color very much.
When a medical doctor follows the coffin of a patient, it is in fact sometimes the cause that follows the effect.
Can you wait a little while?
He will end up in jail.
How much time do you intend to stay in Oxford?
In this picture, there are four persons: my father, my mother, my brother and my sister.
My sister's son is our nephew.
Who marries my daughter will become my son-in-law.
My children are twins.
This is my grandmother.
This exam is very easy.
Tassaadit is an intelligent student.
Mezian is writing a sentence on the whiteboard.
Idir is reading a Tamazight book.
Do you have a library in your school?
Which language do you teach?
How many pupils do you teach ?
I am a teacher of English.
I am a teacher in the secondary school.
Our pupils eat at the school restaurant.
Why do you use this font?
Why don't you write with the new font?
Now, I write with the new font.
What do you think about that?
I like to use the new font lately.
It's hot today. The temperature is up to 45° C.
How is the climate in your country?
It snowed much last winter.
In winter, when there is moonlight, there is ice.
Last winter, it was so cold that water froze in the wells.
Last winter, it snowed a lot.
How is the weather in your country?
Today is very hot; it is °C in the shade.
In times of drought, there is lack of water in our villages.
I have to wash the dishes.
I have to peg up the washing.
I have to reply to this letter.
I have to open my shop.
I have to read this article.
I have to check my mailbox.
I have to breast-feed my baby.
I have to eat my lunch.
I have to watch this documentary.
I have to buy this medicine.
I have to change my clothes.
I have to take off my socks.
I have to exercise.
I have to send these letters.
I have to wear boots.
I have to drink this medicine.
I have to sell my house.
I have to run away.
I have to ask him a question.
I have to borrow some money.
I have to win.
Don't let him fall.
Don't let him get away.
Don't let him swim.
Don't let him approach.
I have to take my son to the doctor.
I have to correct this article.
I have to climb this mountain.
I have to peel the apples.
I have to work.
I have to go to hospital.
I have to visit Tom.
I have to dismiss Ken.
Dayxa is my wife's sister.
Sekkura is our married woman who visits us every Eid.
Mohand is my half brother.
I have to take a rest.
I have to leave the car here.
I have to understand the meaning of this sentence.
I have to park my car here.
I have to call my father.
I have to close the windows.
I have to hide.
I have to hide this bag.
I have to answer the phone.
I have to cut the wood.
I have to fell this tree.
I have to help Mary.
I have to receive treatment.
I have to shake hands with the President.
I have to pay the bill.
I have to know the teacher's name.
I have to try.
I have to try on this dress.
I have to clear the garden.
Give me five!
I like walking on dusty and rocky trails.
In spring, flowers grow and trees bloom.
I have to plant trees in the garden.
I have to water the flowers.
I have to use the dictionary.
I have to repair the refrigerator.
I have to take the dog away from the children.
She's cute, and more importantly, has class.
I have to teach Mary English.
I have to massage my knees.
I have to book a hotel room.
I have to give this book to Mary.
In our Mediterranean forest, there are lots of trees: oak, pine, willow, ash, elm, etc..
I have to comment on this article.
Why do I have to work overtime?
I have to look for my friends.
I have to jump off here.
I have to pass this exam.
I have to attend this class.
I have to fix the washing machine.
I have to solve this problem.
We mustn't burn our forest, because it is the source of the oxygen we breathe.
I am sorry, I've got to go.
On the right, there is a field of barley; while on the left, there is a field of wheat.
What time is it please?
I have read your book. It's very interesting.
Austria is a parliamentary republic in central Europe and consists of nine federal states.
Several flights were delayed due to an earthquake.
I have to smoke a cigarette.
I have to go back.
He dedicated his life to medicine.
I have to tighten these bolts.
I have to lock this door.
That was not my intention.
I have to disassemble this engine.
I have to create a new website.
I have to quit smoking.
We shall solve the problem without any difficulties.
I have to dry my hair.
I have to cook the vegetables.
I have to deal with this issue.
I have to introduce Mary to the manager.
I have to publish my book.
I have to wake Tom up.
It can't be that he is busy.
I have to pick some flowers.
I have to lose weight.
I have to drive this car.
I have to go on a diet.
The thief broke the window.
I have to teach Mary Esperanto.
I have never seen them anywhere.
Once upon a time there was a dwarf that lived in the forest.
Once upon a time there was a dwarf who lived in the woods.
He is only twenty-six years old and already managing large companies.
I usually wake up at six o'clock.
I intend to stay there for a week.
In this shop we sell meat.
They sell meat in this store.
Which instruments do you play?
Two years ago, I traveled to Obihiro.
Never forget to lock up when you go to bed.
Your friends will miss you.
I saw how he fled from here.
He granted me permission to work in his office.
Without hesitation, he told his wife the truth.
My parents forbade me from seeing Tom.
My father does not like music.
My dad is not fond of music.
I do not like this song.
Soon, we are all going to sleep.
We decided to go to the mountains today.
He is worthless.
It is already lunch time. Let's head to the cafeteria!
The woman sitting across from us is his wife at present.
He gave me all his money.
The defense appealed the verdict.
If you like.
If you wish.
Last year in the spring I attended a cooking class and learned how to bake bread.
Catholic leaders urge all of us to unite in the church.
Is there a difference between the way of thinking of men and women?
The birds chirp loudly while flying rapidly.
I suggest that you start a behavioral therapy in order to cure yourself of your obsession with comas.
She laid the magazine on the table.
Today, I got up very early.
To whom do I have the pleasure?
I think that we have to go now.
I would like to eat a hot soup.
After flying above the safe zone, the airplane went into unidentified air space.
Did you make up your mind?
May I have a piece of it?
Today it is on me.
You are both cute and nice.
Between the sweating tourists and the agonizing pigeons, Paris, during the summer, is madly elegant!
I miss that place.
Join us.
I took part in the discussion.
Life is so complicated.
He is a big prankster.
She is not wrong.
The atomic energy is expensive and dangerous.
She forced me to do it.
We take good care of them.
Those are the properties that she owns.
I'm not a lawyer.
He's a lawyer.
She's a lawyer.
He's a lifeguard.
She's a lifeguard.
Michael Phelps is now the most decorated Olympian of all time.
None of these things surprise me.
You need to see someone.
What is that supposed to mean?
This American flag was made in China.
I just love that.
This is pathetic.
She asked me to dance.
He asked me to dance.
It's not a coincidence.
I need to stretch my legs.
He did it while he was drunk.
She did it while she was drunk.
He did it while she was drunk.
She did it while he was drunk.
Give it up for Tom!
She's in fantastic shape.
He's in fantastic shape.
She had the right idea.
He had the right idea.
He has no real friends.
She has no real friends.
Do you want a bite?
I already apologized.
That was stupid.
This works every time.
He has no remorse.
She has no remorse.
He's not a member.
She's not a member.
He was really impressed.
She was really impressed.
Tatoeba is watching you.
You would do that for me?
Did you say yes?
It was my fault.
It was her fault.
It was his fault.
It was the cat's fault.
Are you alright with this?
What are you suggesting?
You weren't even there.
He wasn't even there.
She wasn't even there.
I wasn't even there.
Does she have a boyfriend?
Does he have a girlfriend?
You have no right to do this.
He has no right to do this.
She has no right to do this.
Not now!
Can't you see I'm busy?
You're not supposed to be in here.
It's really awesome.
He's an undergrad.
She's an undergrad.
Don't worry. He doesn't understand German.
Don't worry. She doesn't understand German.
I've seen it with my own eyes.
She was right the first time.
He was right the first time.
What the fuck is that?
I can't believe he did that.
I can't believe she did that.
In the human body, we find: hair, forehead, eyes, ears, nose, mouth, jaw, cheeks, beard, teeth, tongue, etc..
In the lower part of the head is the neck.
The human hand has five fingers with nails.
As all other animals, human being has a chest and a belly.
Under the thigh is the knee; under this one is the calf; under the latter is the foot.
The foot contains an ankle and five toes with nails.
Inside the chest, there are the heart and the lungs.
In the belly, there are intestines, kidneys, liver, etc.
If you want to unscrew these screws, you should use a screwdriver.
When the concrete is hard, we use an electric drill instead of a pin chisel.
What does it mean to develop a sound architecture?
Women dry clothes on a clothesline.
The ax is used for cutting firewood and trees.
I have a pick, two shovels and a wheelbarrow.
This is a hammer. It's not mine; I borrowed it from a friend.
A splitter is used for thick wood; a pin chisel is used for concrete.
You can cut wood with a hand saw, or with a jigsaw.
So as to dry them, women spread clothes on clothesline.
My poor Amazigh cost me my job.
These old people are my uncles.
In this group, there are my parents and my relatives.
This is my ship.
The rumor was baseless.
The rumor was not based on facts.
The simplest sentences are the most elegant ones.
We will play a tennis match.
Night cramps in the calf muscles are particularly painful.
Tell these people to move away, so that the helicopter can land.
The goods arrive by sea.
Did I not anticipate this?
Their two shadows overlap.
I did not understand at all what he said.
My father is quiet.
My father is not talkative.
Making such a decision is not an easy thing.
She has a large bedroom to herself.
Do you want to play tennis with us?
We left on July 15.
Why do you want to know what we are thinking about?
Their feet are dirty.
At what time did you wake up?
Call me one of these days.
His laziness is a bad sign for the future.
His laziness is a bad omen for the future.
On his shirt there was a sauce stain.
He is so old!
What about the carbon tax?
Who is the boss here?
We must take care of the elderly.
When you quote a stupid text, do not forget the context.
I kiss my rival, but it is to choke him.
We paid an invoice of more than one thousand dollars.
You sing a chorus.
Do not call him master.
Go play baseball!
I beg you, give me a bottle!
Not before tomorrow afternoon.
Wait for the bread to completely cool down before eating it.
He is in a wheelchair but he can organize his own day-to-day life.
Without shaking, she poured water in the glass with an elegant gesture.
The young girl lost her bracelet.
It is pointless to argue this topic with him.
These boys often play in the little streets.
I am eating with my bro.
On a pay stub are mentioned: the gross salary and the net salary.
He must stay in the hospital for a week.
Let me know as soon as he comes back.
Excuse me! May I open the window?
But you know well that this would have negative consequences.
She was able to kill two birds with one stone.
May I shave your sideburns?
I explained the rules of the game to him.
Leadership requires to manage men, but demands to reach compromises.
"I have never thought about it", said the old man. "What should we do?"
Brazil is comprised of twenty-six states.
Does he speak? He sings, rather! Since I seasoned it, we can no longer stop it.
I feel as if I was between a rock and a hard place.
If you anger the cat, it will certainly scratch you.
How about walking to the top of the mountain?
The meeting was held last month.
When is the last time you wrote a love letter?
You'd be better off staying home.
When was this church built?
Get rich!
They formed a circle.
When was the last time you accepted a gift?
From the rotten seed comes to us the nutritious fruit.
When was the last time you called Mary?
Do you also have this in other colors?
When was the last time you added sentences to Tatoeba?
This party's packed.
When was the last time you drove Tom's car?
What is for dessert?
When was the last time you sent a letter abroad?
Why do you not believe in God?
When was the last time you played soccer?
The man is sitting on the other side of the stream.
When was the last time you brushed your teeth?
You decide.
When was the last time you slept in this room?
He said it himself.
They did not go there.
When was the last time you caught a fish?
This machine is worthless.
When was the last time you parked your car here?
Try!
When was the last time you recruited workers?
And she still makes a funny face.
Should I make a cream pie or a pound cake?
When was the last time you bought shoes?
The vast majority of children love ice cream.
This memory weighs, as a nightmare would, on my soul.
When was the last time you cut your nails?
When was the last time you swam?
Who are your closest friends?
Our headquarters are located in another part of town.
When was the last time you washed the car?
When was the last time you mopped the room?
When was the last time you went hunting?
When was the last time you invited guests?
When was the last time you danced?
When was the last time you cooked?
When was the last time you took the children to the beach?
When was the last time you read this magazine?
When was the last time you watered the trees?
When was the last time you travelled by train?
When was the last time you brought your dog to the park?
When was the last time you visited your grandmother?
When was the last time you talked to Mary?
When was the last time you answered the phone?
When was the last time you borrowed books from the library?
When was the last time you slaughtered a sheep?
When was the last time you fed the cows?
When was the last time you dreamt about Mary?
When was the last time you had a nightmare?
When was the last time you exercised?
The girl, like her parents, was very sympathetic.
When was the last time you did shopping?
When was the last time you breast-fed your baby?
When was the last time you kissed your wife?
When was the last time you made your wife happy?
When was the last time you ate mutton?
When was the last time you fished?
When was the last time you used this dictionary?
When was the last time you helped your wife?
When was the last time you offered flowers to your wife?
When was the last time you took a shower?
When was the last time you rented a house?
When was the last time you jumped of joy?
When was the last time you drank this?
When was the last time you paid a fine?
When was the last time you taught driving?
When was the last time you shaved your beard?
When was the last time you combed your hair?
When was the last time you prayed?
When was the last time you fasted?
When was the last time you came to visit daddy?
When was the last time you squashed a spider?
When was the last time you killed a mouse?
When was the last time you changed your password?
When was the last time you checked your e-mail box?
When was the last time you smiled at your wife?
When was the last time you laughed?
When was the last time you argued with your wife?
When was the last time you broke your glasses?
When was the last time you climbed a mountain?
When was the last time you milked a cow?
When was the last time you connected to the Internet?
When was the last time you gave birth?
When was the last time you cried?
When was the last time you made Mary cry?
When was the last time you massaged your legs?
When was the last time you painted your house?
When was the last time you sold a car?
When was the last time you felled a tree?
When was the last time you felt love?
When was the last time you listened to this song?
When was the last time you sang?
When was the last time you attended a conference?
When was the last time you spoke in Esperanto in public?
When was the last time you were on TV?
When was the last time you locked this door?
When was the last time you were sick?
When was the last time you voted?
When was the last time you chewed tobacco?
When was the last time you grilled meat?
When was the last time you made a dress?
When was the last time you made up?
When was the last time you circumcised a little boy?
When was the last time you hunted?
When was the last time you fried an egg?
When was the last time you switched off this lamp?
When was the last time you switched on this machine?
When was the last time you translated a book?
When was the last time you advised a friend?
When was the last time you applied ointment on this wound?
When was the last time you drew a plan?
When was the last time you calculated your salary?
When was the last time you lent your car?
When was the last time you authorized your workers to leave early?
When was the last time you left work early?
If one is suffering from sleep deprivation, one's attention can slip.
If you take this bus, you will reach the village.
When was the last time you stayed at a hotel?
When was the last time you swept the yard?
When was the last time you told your wife 'I love you'?
When was the last time you found money on the street?
When was the last time you ordered goods?
When was the last time you imported medicines?
When was the last time you exported fruits?
When was the last time you withdrew money?
When was the last time you received a letter from Tom?
There's no use crying for help. No one will hear you.
When was the last time you touched snow?
Please leave immediately.
When was the last time you heard Tom talking about Mary?
Please get out immediately.
When was the last time you had an accident?
When was the last time you had a nap?
When was the last time you had a rest?
They are walking barefoot.
When was the last time you fell off the bed?
When was the last time you angered your mother?
When was the last time you upset your father?
When was the last time you treated a patient?
When was the last time you baked a cake?
When was the last time you sharpened this knife?
When was the last time you plucked a chicken?
When was the last time you cleaned the sitting room?
When was the last time you tidied your room?
When was the last time you picked apples from the neighbor's garden?
When was the last time you rode a horse?
When was the last time you contributed to this project?
When was the last time you dived?
When was the last time you revised your lessons at the library?
When was the last time you smoked a cigarette?
When was the last time you got drunk?
When was the last time you gave charity?
When was the last time you had dinner with your wife?
When was the last time you had lunch out?
When was the last time you ironed your clothes?
When was the last time you jogged?
When was the last time you smelled gas in this room?
When was the last time you made a cake?
When was the last time you made your bed?
When was the last time you pegged up the washing?
When was the last time you did the dishes?
When was the last time you played violin?
When was the last time you spent time on Facebook?
When was the last time you took the subway?
When was the last time you trained?
When was the last time you watched a movie?
When was the last time you wore a coat?
When was the last time you wore your earrings?
When was the last time you won a prize?
When was the last time you commented a sentence?
Swimming is a sport that is practised in water.
Which sport do you like practising?
Which sport do you like to practise today ?
I am a football player.
I like handball; as for my friend, he prefers volleyball.
Today's match will take place in the 5th July Stadium, at 10:a.m.
Does your country have renowned boxers?
In Judo, we have many world-class judokas.
Hurry up! There's left only a short time for the start of the match.
Let's go to the stadium, because today's match will not be televised.
They're coming for us.
He works like a maniac.
She works like a maniac.
He's a smooth talker.
She's a smooth talker.
Next week, I will ask Mr Nemoto or Mr Sekiguchi to bring back the original copy.
The airport is close by.
Thanks for asking, my family's doing very well.
Here's my big brother. Doesn't he look good?
I see the crimes commited every day on the street.
You need two hours to get to my uncle by car from here.
Thank you for teaching me Japanese language.
Her brother goes to school by bus.
He who wants benediction shall make it with his own hands.
Hand in hand, heaviness becomes lightness.
And this is true after all: no matter how good it was there, when such a good thing remains unchanged for a lifetime, it easily stops being good.
An affine algebraic group over a field k is a representable covariant functor from the category of commutative algebras over k to the category of groups such that the representing algebra is finitely generated.
There any many answers to this question, and people create many legends about the Devil’s stone: the human mind cannot calm down until it explains to itself the dark, the unknown, and the vague.
The neighbours from one side said, “You’re not yourselves, but you’re the same as us. So accept our customs, our schools, our language, because your language is the same as ours, only you’ve corrupted it”. The same was said by the neighbours from the other side, but in their own way.
On that very night when the fern blooms — I’m just retelling what has been compiled in fairy tales by local people — the mermaids, wood and house goblins, werewolves, nixes, and different kinds of ghosts and sorcerers gathered together.
If you heat water at °c, it boils.
If you get nearer, you're dead !
If you run every day, you'll reduce your weight.
If it is fine tomorrow, we'll go to the forest.
If you don't drink, you'll still feel thirsty.
If you don't come tomorrow, notify me by phone.
If he had drunk only a little alcohol, he wouldn't have been drunk.
We should brainstorm all the possibilities.
If man had wings, he would fly as a bird.
If he had started walking early, he would have arrived by now.
Let them eat if they want to.
If you want to get your rights, you must ask for them from your governours.
You don't have to give money if you don't have any.
Bite down, please.
You may sit down if you're tired.
They all understood your speech.
He had a mad crush on you.
Fate taught me a hard lesson.
It is their last movie.
Is this one the bus for Oxford?
She almost took him to the edge of bankruptcy.
You are not going to eat this apple, it is rotten!
Which meat dishes do you propose?
Today's special is fish.
They died on the battlefield.
Whether he is for it or not, we will not change our plans.
She is so tall!
My school grades have been average.
It seemed to be a good idea.
The farm is built at the bottom of the hill.
I will follow your advice.
You should see the doctor.
Do you really think that she is a virgin?
Can the baby walk?
Keep on working when I am not there.
He is cutting down trees on a mountain.
In this day and age, it is incredible that people still want to spend years learning some foreign language while they could learn Esperanto in a matter of weeks and broaden their reach to the entire world.
The city of Grimbergen in Belgium has passed a law that prohibits people from speaking anything other than Flemish in the entire city.
There is no such thing as a Belgian, there are only Walloons and Flemish.
As soon as I speak Dutch well, I will chat with Flemish women.
The two words that we hear the most in the Flemish language are "allez" and "voilà", two French words.
In fact, the difference between Bristish English and American English is more important than between standard Flemish and the standard Dutch of the Netherlands.
Wallonia is a beautiful country.
Almost all the American TV series of the last few years were written by homosexuals.
She apologized for her delay.
She is not as pretty as her sister.
Service by friendship.
The girls are excited.
The boys are excited.
His grades have improved significantly.
My grades have improved significantly.
Her grades have improved significantly.
Tom is calm and patient.
He's done this before.
She's done this before.
Rose is a loving and caring lady.
Tom is a loving and caring gentleman.
Victory, or death!
His father disapproved of him.
His father disapproved of her.
Tom received only one per cent of the vote.
He made mistake after mistake.
She made mistake after mistake.
He thinks he's a genius.
She thinks she's a genius.
He has overstepped his authority.
She has overstepped her authority.
You have overstepped your authority.
He doesn't understand sarcasm.
She doesn't understand sarcasm.
He's a professional photographer.
She's a professional photographer.
He does this all the time.
She does this all the time.
I do this all the time!
We don't need him.
We don't need her.
We don't need you.
That is a very good question.
That's a very good question.
This is a very good question.
It's a very good question.
I'd like to eat Nata de coco.
It doesn't look good at all.
He likes quinoa.
She only eats free-range chicken.
It cannot be done.
It wasn't very fun.
It was very fun.
It's very fun.
It's not very fun.
It's not funny.
The girl always looked happy, but she wasn't at all happy.
This is disturbing.
What do you think is going to happen?
It is not the best solution.
He took credit for my idea.
She took credit for my idea.
She was brought to tears.
She was moved to tears when she heard the news.
He was moved to tears when he heard the news.
He was brought to tears.
It didn't even cross my mind.
That's not even the worst part.
I want one!
She wants one.
He wants one.
My house works like my office.
I wish it would happen more often.
We should do this more often.
The player faked an injury.
Tom is ambitious and optimistic.
If you need some help, just inquire the higher ranking official.
When a new electronic device is released, everyone goes crazy.
After a day of visiting the amusement park, the children fell asleep on the car ride home.
We want to measure your blood pressure.
When all else fails, look elsewhere.
The assignment was very difficult, requiring hours of tedious work.
This exercise is simpler than I thought.
Many people dream about fantasy vacations.
My favorite season is Fall.
Whenever I feel tired, I go down to the river to wash myself and feel the refreshing air on my body.
Get the hell out of here!
Illegal loggers cut down the forest.
I sat at the riverbank, under the shade of an oleander.
Were you present at the crime scene?
This guy is a loser.
This girl is a loser.
I can't stand her.
He was the strongest. He won the match.
The wine and beer are good.
Your job is to gather dead leaves in the garden.
Mummy is buying me a toy.
The year starts on the first of January and ends on the thirty-first of December.
What do the papers say?
She told him all about her adventure.
You had better go to the dentist.
You're making me blush.
Stop. You're making me blush.
He cheated on me.
January is the first month of the year, April is the fourth, November is the eleventh, December is the twelfth.
She cheated on me.
All my efforts were in vain.
I am very unhappy.
I want champagne, and make sure its super bubbly.
Don't play. Work!
He is not wearing a hat.
I'm very sorry, but it seems I've lost my umbrella.
He's an oceanographer.
He was sentenced to community service.
You can't always avoid everything.
This bamboo is too thin to bear much weight.
"Gulliver's Travels" is all satire, in fact, his voyages never take him out of England.
Have a safe journey.
The suffix "inho" is often used in Portuguese names: Mariazinha, Pedrinho e Zezinho are some examples.
This is not happening.
It's too thin.
My father doesn't let me go out with Bill.
Last Saturday I bought a laptop.
I'll have to explain that to my father.
The kibbeh comes stuffed with cheese.
Don't keep me waiting.
He lost the watch he bought yesterday.
I have nothing to say to you.
Does anyone here speak Esperanto?
For me, it is difficult to express my thoughts in words.
I know some of these girls.
Is anybody hurt?
It's fast and fun.
It was fast and fun.
She had a Big Mac.
He had a Big Mac.
That's what I'm talking about.
Do you ever think about that girl?
Do you ever think about that guy?
I'm surprised by the similarities between French and Italian in some cases.
All the tournament's matches will be streamed live on the internet.
How long does a basketball game last?
We bought a pool table but have yet to play a single game.
Why do you buy this all the while knowing you'll never use it?
The packaging of this product is damaged.
You're leaving? Go then, because I don't give a shit.
"I think my radio burned out when we lost electricity." "But doesn't it run on batteries?"
You ask too much of me.
"I was only trying to help." "Except you just got in the way."
Get out of the way of the TV!
She and her uncle were sad and forlorn in their neglect and disgrace.
I have seen angels and talked with them.
The strangest thing is that I don't recognize anyone.
The strangest part is that no one recognizes me.
I would be sad, but I would not commit suicide.
Even when I recognize my room, my pet and myself in the mirror, I recognize I'm dreaming.
Death is the door that brings this mortal life that we have lived to an end and opens out to the eternal life to come.
This story is very famous; everyone knows it.
This man is not reliable.
We'll go by bus unless Elena wants to take a taxi.
He convinced us of his innocence.
He doesn't like traveling by plane.
Sometimes Dennis is really crazy.
"Rebellion in the Backlands", by Euclides da Cunha, is an enormous book with more than pages.
The time has come to act.
You can see that every day.
At that time, my house was still being built.
A big house will be built.
Run or you'll be arrested.
When was the last time you crossed a river?
When was the last time you missed the train?
When was the last time you threw a party?
When was the last time you had your hair cut?
When was the last time you received treatment?
When was the last time you lost your keys?
He knows how to advise people.
He knows how to anger his sister.
He knows how to answer journalists.
He knows how to argue with the manager.
He knows how to buy used cars.
He knows how to break a computer but he doesn't know how to fix it.
He knows how to brush his teeth.
She knows how to brush her hair.
He knows how to calculate his salary.
He knows how to catch birds.
He knows how to change his password.
He knows how to check his e-mail box.
He knows how to circumcise children.
He knows how to clean his rifle.
She knows how to comb her hair.
He knows how to card wool.
He knows how to come to Tokyo.
He knows how to climb a mountain.
He knows how to connect his computer to the Internet.
He knows how to cook meat.
He knows how to cross a river.
You're blocking my view.
He knows how to cut huge trees.
He knows how to dance the tango.
He knows how to do the dishes.
He knows how to do shopping.
He knows how to dive.
He knows how to draw animals.
He knows how to drive a truck.
He knows how to eat with chopsticks.
He knows how to exercise by himself.
He knows how to feed his crocodile.
He knows how to fell a tree.
He knows how to find water in the desert.
He knows how to fish with a fishing rod.
He knows how to fry eggs.
He knows how to grill fish.
He knows how to help people.
He knows how to console people.
He knows how to iron his shirts.
He knows how to kill zombies.
He knows how to recognize aliens.
He knows how to lock this door.
He knows how to break the law without being caught.
He knows how to waste his time.
He knows how to spend his money.
She knows how to make cakes.
She knows how to make dresses.
He knows how to make women cry.
He knows how to make his wife happy.
She knows how to make up.
He knows how to massage.
He knows how to milk a cow.
He knows how to paint houses.
He knows how to play poker.
He knows how to play trumpet.
He knows how to pluck a chicken.
He knows how to read Chinese.
He knows how to learn a language quickly.
He knows how to fly a helicopter.
He knows how to pilot a plane.
He knows how to revise his lessons.
He knows how to ride a camel.
He knows how to sing in Japanese.
He knows how to sell houses.
He knows how to plant palm trees.
He knows how to bet.
He knows how to fight.
He knows how to sharpen knives.
He knows how to shave his beard.
He knows how to bind books.
He knows how to whistle.
He knows how to slaughter a sheep.
He knows how to speak to children.
He knows how to switch off this machine.
He knows how to switch on this machine.
He knows how to talk to customers.
He knows how to cheat people.
He knows how to cheat on his wife.
She knows how to plait her hair.
He knows how to teach languages.
He knows how to interrogate people.
He knows how to tidy his room.
He knows how to tell lies.
It's slow as shit.
He works as a gondolier in Venice.
Many Asians are lactose intolerant.
The students like it.
She's a single mother of two.
Do you have a scary book?
What did you recommend?
It is certainly possible if you want it.
He should thank you.
You're the best.
They must have agreed about this subject.
It's uncertain that she goes back to her husband's home.
Maybe they both definitely want divorce.
A little bird told me you are not attending Mass.
Being with you, I will always be happy.
They called the same witness to court.
Yesterday we painted the town red.
Yesterday we let our hair down.
We speak of what we know, and we testify to what we have seen, but still you people do not accept our testimony.
You weren't expecting this to happen, were you?
Don't hate what you don't understand!
I already saw this thing.
When was the last time you sat up late?
When was the last time you cut the engine?
He knows how to cut the engine.
He knows how to mop his room.
Why don't I pick you up at your house?
It will not be a straightforward, universally accepted matter when the US one day elects a female president.
Someday, the USA will elect its first woman president, and it will rejoice in the long overdue occasion.
The US will one day elect its first woman president, and there will be rejoicing in the long overdue occasion.
On the way to school, I met my friend Karlo, who was walking.
I'll buy a tape.
We have lost a battle, but we will win the war.
Your intolerance reflects your insecurity.
The grandfather is about to die.
I can't believe they slept together!
How was your first night in Paris?
He'll come after me.
So you decided to become a criminal?
I always suspected him of using drugs.
I'll come after you.
You better not do that. I know where your parents live.
I only want to keep you safe.
Every man is a suffering-machine and a happiness-machine combined.
Here is a red spider, not so big as a pin's head. Can you imagine an elephant being interested in him—caring whether he is happy or isn't, or whether he is wealthy or poor, or whether his sweetheart returns his love or not, or whether his mother is sick or well, or whether he is looked up to in society or not, or whether his enemies will smite him or his friends desert him, or whether his hopes will suffer blight or his political ambitions fail, or whether he shall die in the bosom of his family or neglected and despised in a foreign land?
Same-sex couples should be able to get married.
He didn't see a thing.
She didn't see a thing.
We're going to lose him!
I still want to be here.
Can I bring my friend with me?
It's boring.
Our hero claims a warrior's heart.
Beware! Beware! The Dragonborn comes!
I tell you, I tell you, the Dragonborn comes!
With a voice wielding power of the ancient Nord art.
It's an end to the evil, of all Skyrim's foes.
For the darkness has passed, and the legend yet grows.
I think she'll ask him for divorce someday.
I think he regrets having divorced his wife.
Maybe the village elders will intervene to reconcile them.
Maybe they will go back on their decision about this subject of divorce.
We don't know if her parents will come tomorrow or not.
Who knows if her parents are alive or not?
It's unclear if they love each other or not.
Are you sure they won't talk to each other any more ?
The name of my city is Jhelum.
She lives across the street.
He lives across the street.
Everyone was stunned.
She was stunned.
He was stunned.
She was stoned.
He was stoned.
He's intelligent and good-looking.
She's intelligent and good-looking.
I'm not ready.
He's not ready.
She's not ready.
He crawled out of the window.
She crawled out of the window.
We're not getting married.
He's the sole breadwinner for the family.
She's the sole breadwinner for the family.
When I was your age, I was already married.
The bottom 40% of the U.S. population has only 0.3% of the wealth.
She's tall and gorgeous.
He's tall and gorgeous.
You should lower your standards.
She lowered her standards.
If I understood, I would tell you.
Not only cooks carry long knives.
When the Father asked the bride to repeat the oath, she stayed silent.
It's quite large.
It wasn't supposed to be this way.
They seem to be enjoying themselves.
They're enjoying themselves.
She's enjoying herself.
He's enjoying himself.
I didn't find any feeling in his speech.
He apologized to the employee.
Suddenly she felt tiny, worthless and miserable.
I lost.
I speak Lojban.
I speak Spanish.
The little girl is beautiful.
Together we can change something.
I study Lojban.
A stranger is just a friend you haven't met yet.
He's in the joint.
I like chess.
It's very quiet.
Are you sad?
I am great.
Pfirsichbaeumchen writes in Berber.
Pfirsichbaeumchen knows how to write in Berber.
Pfirsichbaeumchen learnt the Berber alphabet.
Pfirsichbaeumchen knows some words in Berber.
Pfirsichbaeumchen wants to learn Berber.
Alexander wrote some sentences in Berber.
You don't need a whole day to take a shit! Come out now!
He likes to smoke while taking a shit.
Don't smoke again in the toilet!
He likes to smoke in the toilet.
A toilet is made for taking shit, not for smoking!
Next time I find you smoking in the toilet, I'll report it to the manager.
I bought a book for two hundred yen.
Never believe the mass media.
Never trust the mass media.
I found a note on the table, but I don't know who it's from.
Why were you fired?
What were you fired for?
The car jack was on the table.
When it rains a lot, it causes landslides in the mountains.
Today, it's cloudy and cold; it might snow tonight.
You've got nowhere else to go today; it's windy.
In winter, I like staying at home, around the fire, listening to the wind blowing.
I like classical music more than modern music.
Tiniriwin is a Berber music group from the North of Mali.
My favorite music instrument is the flute.
If you had to choose between piano and violin, which would you prefer ?
Who are the famous musicians in your country?
It became harder and harder to live in the village.
He likes smoking in the toilet.
I stumbled on a stone.
I tripped over a stone.
Curiosity has landed on Mars.
The Mars Science Laboratory has landed on Mars.
Curiosity has landed inside the Gale crater.
Employees are prohibited from watching the Olympics.
He's watching the Olympics.
She's watching the Olympics.
I'm watching the Olympics.
I want to relieve his anger.
He won a gold medal.
She won a gold medal.
She won a silver medal.
He won a silver medal.
She won a bronze medal.
He won a bronze medal.
That's a fact.
It was her best time.
It was his best time.
I'm very happy to be here.
Usain Bolt is the fastest man in the world.
It's an olympic record.
It's a world record.
He was wrong.
She was wrong.
He spends his evenings in front of his laptop.
She spends her evenings in front of her laptop.
He holds a senior position in the government.
She holds a senior position in the government.
She was mimicking the various people in our office.
They face up to seven years in prison.
It happened to someone I know.
He works as a gym teacher.
She's a gym teacher.
It was an evil bunny.
Your opinion is very important to us.
Auto-destruct sequence armed.
She's an excellent brain surgeon.
Auto-destruct sequence initiated.
Auto-destruct sequence was set.
I hate man pages without examples.
It's good to be back!
Who will the new teacher be?
Somebody stepped on his foot.
We'll see how it goes.
Yidir is a universal artist.
I like listening to Beethoven's music.
Let's do this!
All people have seen that baby.
In Saudi Arabia, women do not drive cars.
This boy and this girl are very clean.
The children are playing in the house yard.
This is a man, that is a woman.
Young people should respect old people.
Then I will tell you.
All roads lead to Elsinore.
Cycle lanes are everywhere!
Bicycle lanes are everywhere!
It's popular among the elderly.
I am happy with my girlfriend.
Where in the U.S.A. is there a Swedish embassy?
Where is the Swedish embassy?
There's a Swedish embassy in Washington D.C.
Where is the French embassy?
Where is the German embassy?
I've always found Tinker Bell very sexy.
We saw many unusual plants in the botanical garden.
Where is the Chinese embassy?
Where is the Australian embassy?
Where is the Canadian embassy?
Where is the Danish embassy?
Where is the Egyptian embassy?
Where is the Finnish embassy?
Where is the Greek embassy?
Where is the Hungarian embassy?
Where is the Indian embassy?
Where is the Israeli embassy?
Where is the Italian embassy?
Where is the New Zealand embassy?
Where is the Norwegian embassy?
Where is the Portuguese office?
Where is the Russian embassy?
Where is the Spanish embassy?
Where is the Dutch embassy?
Where is the Turkish embassy?
Where is the British embassy?
Where is the American embassy?
Watching television is like studying, but perhaps about irrelevancies.
She doesn't like the word "study."
At last, you are going to be a June bride.
If that is not true, she is a liar.
Do not rent or sell this place, for it would be injudicious.
This speed is insane.
Betty killed your mother.
I'm currently working at the school as a teacher.
Is this a letter?
He is a strange person.
I don't need you to say "yes". I know that the answer is "yes".
I think social networking is so girlish.
I need some wholemeal bread.
Wholemeal bread is good.
He listened to music in his own room.
She listened to music in her own room.
I have no idea who that is either.
He's a strange person.
He studied after dinner.
Do you watch telly?
Which terrorist group did this?
I like to translate Charlotte's sentences.
Mary's sentences are easy to translate.
All her sentences are short.
All his sentences are short.
All of Tom's sentences are short.
She doesn't trust the doctor any more.
She has lost faith in the doctor.
We have to add more sentences to Tatoeba.
I dislike seeing her picture.
Take her picture away from me.
What's her picture doing here?
What are you still doing with her picture?
Why did you keep her picture?
Did you keep her picture because you still love her?
Are you still in love with her?
Why do you want my picture?
What are you going to do with my picture?
When did she give you her picture?
Is this the only picture of her you have?
Until 1962, Algeria was a French mandate.
In 1962, Algeria gained independence from France.
Since 1962, Algeria has been an independent state.
You can use Tifinagh alphabet to write in the Tamazight language.
I've corrected the mistake.
Do you have other pictures of her?
Where are her other pictures?
Where did you find her picture?
Show me her picture.
Why did you ask her to give you her picture?
Why did you ask her to send you her picture?
Is she more beautiful than me?
I found her pictures in your drawer.
When did she send you her pictures?
