I was waiting for someone to say that.
I was thinking maybe I could help you.
I was thinking exactly the same thing.
I was thinking about joining the army.
I was the one who built this doghouse.
I was hoping we could help each other.
I was going to try to reason with Tom.
I was afraid you wouldn't remember me.
I was about to suggest the same thing.
I warned you not to underestimate Tom.
I want to know why you don't like Tom.
I told Tom you used to live in Boston.
I told Tom how to get to Mary's house.
I thought you said you weren't coming.
I thought you might want to read this.
I thought you might like one of these.
I thought you did that last week.
I thought we'd managed to do it right.
I thought we were going out for lunch.
I thought we should start celebrating.
I thought we had settled that already.
I thought Tom would use Mary's office.
I thought Tom might be your boyfriend.
I said I'm not going to do that again.
I paid thirty dollars for these shoes.
I don't see why I had to say anything.
Everyone ate breakfast in the kitchen.
Don't shoot. I'm one of the good guys.
Could I get a closer look at that one?
You've thought about it, haven't you?
You've slowed us down enough already.
You've seen what this machine can do.
You've got to get a hold of yourself.
You've done this before, haven't you?
You've been here before, haven't you?
You've been an inspiration to us all.
You're worried about Tom, aren't you?
You're not a very good cook, are you?
You're a certified pilot, aren't you?
You're working late tonight, aren't you?
You won't give that to Tom, will you?
You should try being more optimistic.
You have my number. Call me sometime.
Would you please quit asking me that?
Would you please keep the noise down?
Would you mind telling me what to do?
Why would I give you my phone number?
Where do you want to go next weekend?
We've waited around here long enough.
We've tried calling Tom's cell phone.
We're sorry we jumped to conclusions.
We'll ask Tom and see what he thinks.
We often spend the weekends together.
We have an obligation to do our best.
Tom, you've got to give it some time.
Tom wrapped a towel around his waist.
Tom wouldn't even consider our offer.
Tom wondered if Mary would apologize.
Tom won't let anything happen to you.
Tom won't allow himself to be caught.
Tom will regret that sooner or later.
Tom went back inside to get his coat.
Tom watched Mary dive into the water.
Tom was with his family last weekend.
Tom was right outside waiting for us.
Tom was looking for something to eat.
Tom was looking around for something.
Tom was behaving like a spoiled brat.
Tom wants children, but Mary doesn't.
Tom wanted to know what Mary thought.
Tom wanted to ask Mary out on a date.
Tom walked to the door and opened it.
Tom waited for Mary to say something.
Tom took the coffee Mary offered him.
Tom took some cash out of his pocket.
Tom took his daughter Mary to school.
Tom took another swig from his flask.
Tom took a spatula out of the drawer.
Tom took a book out of his briefcase.
Tom told Mary what John had told him.
Tom taught me how to play the guitar.
Tom taught French at a small college.
Tom sleeps in the nude in the summer.
Tom shoved Mary off the diving board.
Tom sensed somebody was watching him.
Tom seemed to think we would be late.
Tom said good night to Mary and left.
Tom remembered where he put his keys.
Tom put down the book he was reading.
Tom pulled the nail out of the board.
Tom pulled out a whistle and blew it.
Tom picked up the letter and read it.
Tom noticed Mary was looking at John.
Tom noticed Mary had lost an earring.
Tom needed to fill out lots of forms.
Tom made fun of Mary behind her back.
Tom looked at Mary, but said nothing.
Tom knows we aren't going to do that.
Tom knew where he had parked his car.
Tom is shorter and heavier than John.
Tom is acting really weird right now.
Tom is a classically trained pianist.
Tom hit a home run with bases loaded.
Tom gave Mary a little encouragement.
Tom doesn't seem to enjoy being here.
Tom didn't know what the problem was.
Tom didn't even notice Mary had left.
Tom didn't even notice Mary had gone.
Tom crumpled Mary's note in his hand.
Tom closed his eyes, wincing in pain.
Tom bought three kilograms of apples.
Tom bent over and picked the coin up.
Tom bashed his head against the wall.
Tom banged his head on a tree branch.
Tom asked me to come over for dinner.
Tom asked Mary why she was so scared.
Tom asked Mary to buy a case of beer.
Tom asked Mary not to go without him.
Tom asked Mary if she would help him.
Tom asked Mary how much she had paid.
Tom asked if Mary had an appointment.
Tom asked if he needed to wear a tie.
Tom apparently isn't so sure of that.
Tom and Mary weren't sure what to do.
Tom and Mary went to school together.
Tom and Mary do many things together.
This is the place where Tom met Mary.
They'll find out about what happened.
The room didn't have a single window.
The food didn't look very appetizing.
Swimming should help you lose weight.
Please don't leave me here by myself.
My parents were against our marriage.
Let's try to be the first ones there.
Let's start with this bottle of wine.
It took Tom an hour to get to school.
Is there anything else we need to do?
I've tried everything I can think of.
I've told you that before, haven't I?
I've got a meeting I've got to go to.
I'm well aware of Tom's shortcomings.
I'm warning you not to do that again.
I'm very good at figuring things out.
I'm trying to tell you what happened.
I'm trying to get someone to help me.
I'm trying to find out what happened.
I'm trying to decide what to do next.
I'm three weeks away from retirement.
I'm the one who needs to talk to Tom.
I'm surprised Tom didn't come by car.
I'm sure you've heard all about that.
I'm sure you'll feel better tomorrow.
I'm sure you'll all have a good time.
I'm sure you have a lot of questions.
I'm sure Tom will want to go with us.
I'm sure Tom will turn up eventually.
I'm sure Tom will think of something.
I'm sure Tom will be here any minute.
I'm sure Tom told you not to do that.
I'm sure Tom is looking out for Mary.
I'm sure Tom doesn't want to be here.
I'm sure something can be worked out.
I'm sure it wasn't me who broke this.
I'm sure I've seen it here somewhere.
I'm sure everything you need is here.
I'm supposed to have dinner with Tom.
I'm supposed to be working right now.
I'm still too weak to get out of bed.
I'm starting to get used to the dark.
I'm starting to feel a little guilty.
I'm sorry, you have the wrong number.
I'm sorry, did I say something wrong?
I'm sorry I kept you waiting so long.
I'm sorry I got you involved in this.
I'm sorry I didn't do what you asked.
I'm sorry for dragging you into this.
I'm really tired of your complaining.
I'm really not interested in history.
I'm really glad Tom asked us to come.
I'm real sorry I wasn't able to help.
I'm probably more ready than you are.
I'm probably going to be hungry soon.
I'm pretty sure Tom knows we're here.
I'm pretty sure my drink was drugged.
I'm only doing what needs to be done.
I'm not that much older than you are.
I'm not sure, but I think I hate Tom.
I'm not sure you can be of much help.
I'm not sure that I should trust you.
I'm not sure I want to be doing this.
I'm not sure how long this will take.
I'm not so sure it was time to leave.
I'm not looking for a fight with you.
I'm not going to tell you the reason.
I'm not discounting that possibility.
I'm not comfortable working with Tom.
I'm just telling you what I've heard.
I'm just doing what needs to be done.
I'm just concerned about your safety.
I'm impressed with how much you know.
I'm hoping you can give me some help.
I'm hoping we can work something out.
I'm here to ask for your cooperation.
I'm having trouble understanding you.
I'm going to tell you how to do that.
I'm going to take the dog to the vet.
I'm going to take care of it for you.
I'm going to take care of everything.
I'm going to stay here a few minutes.
I'm going to need a little more time.
I'm going to head back to the office.
I'm going to have to get back to you.
I'm going to have dinner with my son.
I'm going to go see what's happening.
I'm going to go home and take a bath.
I'm going to go back to the hospital.
I'm going to fix it as soon as I can.
I'm going to Boston for three months.
I'm going to Boston for the holidays.
I'm glad I don't have anywhere to go.
I'm considering going back to Boston.
I'm beginning to realize that myself.
I'm already doing something about it.
I'm afraid you've run out of options.
I'm afraid you don't have any choice.
I'm afraid Tom won't be able to come.
I'm afraid that's no longer possible.
I'm afraid I'm not very good company.
I'm afraid I have some very bad news.
I'm afraid I have a prior engagement.
I'll try to find out where Tom lives.
I'll tell Tom you're looking for him.
I'll stay in Boston for three months.
I'll send you the link to my website.
I'll put the suitcases in Tom's room.
I'll pass on this information to Tom.
I'll never make it without your help.
I'll never ask you for anything else.
I'll need someone to take care of it.
I'll make sure Tom gets your message.
I'll make sure Tom does his homework.
I'll make it back in time for supper.
I'll let Tom know that we can't come.
I'll have to rely on you from now on.
I'll go and get you something to eat.
I'll give you something for the pain.
I'll give you all the money you need.
I'll do everything I can to help you.
I'll contact you when we're finished.
I'll call you if I find out anything.
I'll bring you another cup of coffee.
I'll bet you can do better than that.
I'll be right outside if you need me.
I'll be right back with refreshments.
I'll be home after football practice.
I'll be back in time for the meeting.
I'll ask Tom the next time I see him.
I'd think that you would be thrilled.
I'd stay away from Tom if I were you.
I'd really like to know where Tom is.
I'd really like to know what that is.
I'd rather not talk about it anymore.
I'd love to spend Christmas with you.
I'd just like to know what you think.
I'd better stay with Tom for a while.
I wouldn't want to miss the deadline.
I wouldn't recommend it for everyone.
I wouldn't put too much trust in Tom.
I wouldn't mind going someplace else.
I wouldn't let Tom hear you say that.
I wouldn't be too sure if I were you.
I wondered what Tom was going to say.
I wondered if we ever would meet Tom.
I wonder why Tom didn't talk to Mary.
I wonder why everybody left so early.
I wonder who left this umbrella here.
I wonder what Tom's favorite food is.
I wonder if you can help me find Tom.
I wonder if we'll ever see Tom again.
I wonder if I should call the police.
I won't forget what you've said here.
I won't be able to visit for a while.
I woke up in the middle of the night.
I wish you'd tell me what's going on.
I wish you'd stop being afraid of me.
I wish you'd been one of my students.
I wish you nothing but the very best.
I wish you didn't always yell at Tom.
I wish I could help you, but I can't.
I wasn't the one who closed the door.
I wasn't sure I'd ever see you again.
I wasn't able to find anyone to help.
I was wondering what to do about Tom.
I was thinking of going to visit Tom.
I was thinking about you a lot today.
I was supposed to take Tom to dinner.
I was saving up to buy a new bicycle.
I was looking forward to meeting you.
I was looking for a pair of scissors.
I was hoping this would never happen.
I was drinking heavily in those days.
I was afraid you wouldn't understand.
I want to know why Tom couldn't come.
I want to know who I need to talk to.
I want to know where you bought that.
I understand you turned the job down.
I understand you have some questions.
I understand that would be difficult.
I understand how angry Tom must feel.
I told you it wouldn't take too long.
I told everybody about what happened.
I thought you wanted me to handle it.
I thought you might like to meet Tom.
I thought we were just going to talk.
I thought we were going to live here.
I thought Tom would do that for Mary.
I thought maybe that would be enough.
I thought I could buy a ticket today.
I think you might be able to help me.
I think I fell asleep in the meeting.
I picked Tom up at the train station.
I like taking naps right after lunch.
I know you want to go back to Boston.
I hope you're all having a good time.
I hope nothing bad will happen to us.
I don't think Tom is capable of that.
I don't know what the problem is yet.
I don't know how long this will take.
Don't believe anything Tom tells you.
Are you a dog person or a cat person?
Your instincts were right about Tom.
You've told me that a hundred times.
You've read the report, haven't you?
You've probably got someplace to go.
You've already told me how you feel.
You're under arrest for trespassing.
You're not very good at it, are you?
You're in love with Tom, aren't you?
You wouldn't hurt anyone, would you?
You won't need to tell Tom anything.
You won't find it so easy next time.
You won't believe who came by today.
You weren't at Woodstock like I was.
You picked a bad time to come visit.
You know how it happened, don't you?
You have everything you need, right?
Would you mind waiting in the lobby?
Would you mind waiting here, please?
Would you introduce me to your boss?
Would you care to join us for lunch?
Why do people do such stupid things?
We're working on a contingency plan.
We're not supposed to be doing this.
We're having a party Friday evening.
We'll worry about the details later.
We won't need any help until Monday.
We were teachers together in Boston.
We have another test after this one.
We drank cappuccinos and reminisced.
Tom wouldn't allow me in his office.
Tom would never try to steal my job.
Tom would never sell his car to you.
Tom worked for Mary for a long time.
Tom wondered where to hang his coat.
Tom wondered what Mary was thinking.
Tom wondered what he should do next.
Tom will be asking Mary to the prom.
Tom wasn't happy with Mary's answer.
Tom was tired after working all day.
Tom was caught harboring a fugitive.
Tom wanted to paint the fence white.
Tom wanted Mary to read him a story.
Tom unloaded groceries from the car.
Tom turned when he heard Mary shout.
Tom took his keys out of his pocket.
Tom took a year off to write a book.
Tom took a bite out of his sandwich.
Tom told me to stay away from there.
Tom told me Mary is in the hospital.
Tom told Mary that he wasn't joking.
Tom told Mary that he had a new job.
Tom sped up and caught up with Mary.
Tom seemed to be having a good time.
Tom said he would come to the party.
Tom said he would be at the meeting.
Tom put thirty dollars on the table.
Tom put the document on Mary's desk.
Tom put the bowl into the microwave.
Tom poured some milk into the glass.
Tom looked like he was going to cry.
Tom looked at the clock on the wall.
Tom likes talking about the weather.
Tom knows this is important to Mary.
Tom knows nothing about this matter.
Tom knows Mary wants to get married.
Tom knew why the cat scratched Mary.
Tom is helping Mary do her homework.
Tom has already decided where to go.
Tom had nothing else to say to Mary.
Tom filled the balloons with helium.
Tom didn't want to go, but Mary did.
Tom didn't remember to pay his rent.
Tom didn't know where Mary had been.
Tom didn't know anyone at the party.
Tom didn't have to go to work today.
Tom didn't have anything else to do.
Tom didn't go to work all last week.
Tom asked me to say goodbye for him.
Tom asked me to keep an eye on Mary.
Tom asked Mary a question in French.
Tom appears to be telling the truth.
Tom apologized for making Mary wait.
Tom announced that Mary was missing.
Tom and Mary sang the song together.
Tom and Mary do everything together.
The neighbor's dog barked all night.
The bank robbers were wearing masks.
Please don't leave me here with Tom.
Mary said she didn't need a husband.
Let me introduce Tom to some people.
It looks like you're in a good mood.
It looked like Tom was about to cry.
It doesn't get any easier than this.
I've probably already said too much.
I've been assigned to work with you.
I'm worried about me getting killed.
I'm waiting for the light to change.
I'm twice as hungry as I was before.
I'm trying to think of another plan.
I'm trying to prove Tom's innocence.
I'm truly sorry about what happened.
I'm tired of dealing with this mess.
I'm thrilled to be working with you.
I'm thinking of going into politics.
I'm the one Tom talked to last week.
I'm the one that pays all the bills.
I'm sure you'll find a way to do it.
I'm sure you guys did OK without me.
I'm sure you did the best you could.
I'm sure you can manage on your own.
I'm sure we'll see each other again.
I'm sure we'll find something there.
I'm sure Tom would enjoy that movie.
I'm sure Tom will manage it somehow.
I'm sure Tom will love your present.
I'm sure Tom didn't mean to do that.
I'm sure Tom didn't know about that.
I'm sure this is a misunderstanding.
I'm sure that's what Tom would want.
I'm sure that Tom doesn't like Mary.
I'm sure it's going to be just fine.
I'm sure it's around here somewhere.
I'm sure it wasn't me who said that.
I'm sure glad Tom is feeling better.
I'm still trying to figure that out.
I'm still dealing with that problem.
I'm staying here for a little while.
I'm sorry. It'll never happen again.
I'm sorry, there's nothing I can do.
I'm sorry, I don't know what to say.
I'm sorry, I didn't catch your name.
I'm sorry, did I do something wrong?
I'm sorry, could you say that again?
I'm sorry I didn't get you anything.
I'm sorry I broke your antique lamp.
I'm sorry about what happened today.
I'm smarter than everyone else here.
I'm sending Tom to school in Boston.
I'm really tired of your complaints.
I'm really surprised Tom's not here.
I'm really starting to hate it here.
I'm really going to miss this house.
I'm really disappointed in you, Tom.
I'm pretty sure Tom won't hurt Mary.
I'm planning to move back to Boston.
I'm not willing to give this to Tom.
I'm not too certain about it myself.
I'm not surprised at Tom's behavior.
I'm not really sure what this means.
I'm not letting you out of my sight.
I'm not going to sell this painting.
I'm not going to be able to do that.
I'm not finished talking to you yet.
I'm not feeling particularly hungry.
I'm not expecting special treatment.
I'm not carrying any identification.
I'm never wearing these shoes again.
I'm never going out with Mary again.
I'm just trying to have a good time.
I'm just trying to be a friend here.
I'm just tagging along for the ride.
I'm just glad everything worked out.
I'm just finishing up some homework.
I'm just a little worried about Tom.
I'm in the middle of something here.
I'm in a little hot water right now.
I'm heading back to Boston tomorrow.
I'm having dinner with Tom tomorrow.
I'm going to tell Tom you said that.
I'm going to tell Tom what happened.
I'm going to take this to my office.
I'm going to see Tom in the morning.
I'm going to need your help on this.
I'm going to need to see a photo ID.
I'm going to go see what's going on.
I'm going to go outside for a while.
I'm going to get you to talk to Tom.
I'm going to get something to drink.
I'm going to drive Tom there myself.
I'm going to do what I've been told.
I'm going to a party Friday evening.
I'm going to a conference next week.
I'm glad you showed me how to do it.
I'm glad to see you're doing better.
I'm calling to tell you what I need.
I'm beginning to think you're right.
I'm asking you to trust my judgment.
I'm asking you to give Tom a chance.
I'm afraid you're wasting your time.
I'm afraid that's the best I can do.
I'm afraid I'll never see Tom again.
I'm actually here on other business.
I'll tell you all about it tomorrow.
I'll tell you all about it sometime.
I'll see what else we need to bring.
I'll see what else needs to be done.
I'll see about getting you a doctor.
I'll now give you your instructions.
I'll meet you there in five minutes.
I'll meet you there in a little bit.
I'll let you know as soon as I know.
I'll let Tom know when we'll arrive.
I'll have to talk to Tom about that.
I'll have to give this some thought.
I'll grab a taxi and be right there.
I'll go see if Tom is in his office.
I'll go see if I can find some food.
I'll give you all the time you need.
I'll do my best to be ready on time.
I'll call you later from the office.
I'll be with you in just one minute.
I'll be right back with your drinks.
I'll be in my office if you need me.
I'll be back for my suitcases later.
I'd very much like to talk with you.
I'd rather not discuss it right now.
I'd have given anything to be there.
I'd be disappointed if you did that.
I wrote a couple of songs last week.
I wouldn't worry so much about that.
I wouldn't want to get in Tom's way.
I wouldn't touch that if I were you.
I wouldn't recommend that right now.
I wouldn't have done the same thing.
I wouldn't go near it if I were you.
I wouldn't expect you to understand.
I wouldn't do this for just anybody.
I wouldn't call this an improvement.
I wondered what had happened to you.
I wonder why I didn't think of that.
I wonder where Tom and Mary are now.
I wonder what happened to Tom's eye.
I wonder if this water is drinkable.
I wonder if this milk is still good.
I wonder if I'll ever see you again.
I wonder how long Tom has been here.
I wonder how long that's been there.
I won't have to make dinner tonight.
I woke up and you were already gone.
I wish you'd stop talking about Tom.
I wish you wouldn't dress like that.
I wish you had told me when to come.
I wish you had told me how to do it.
I wish we could repay your kindness.
I wish Tom would bake us some bread.
I wish I'd never broken up with you.
I wish I could do something to help.
I went to boarding school in Boston.
I wasn't expecting to hear from you.
I was your mother's first boyfriend.
I was wondering when you'd get here.
I was wondering when you'd get back.
I was wondering what you were doing.
I was thinking the exact same thing.
I was scared that Tom would hurt me.
I was meaning to get around to that.
I was meaning to ask you about that.
I was looking for the letter opener.
I was just trying to stop the fight.
I was just thinking about something.
I was just getting dressed for work.
I was hoping you could do it for me.
I was having dinner with my parents.
I was going to make cookies for Tom.
I was feeling very sorry for myself.
I was asked to look into the matter.
I want to thank you for coming here.
I want to know why you aren't ready.
I want to know why we're doing this.
I want to know who your friends are.
I want to hear more about your trip.
I used to come here with my friends.
I understand you're planning a trip.
I understand Tom was here yesterday.
I told you Tom wouldn't let us down.
I told you never to come here again.
I told you before that's impossible.
I told Tom that Mary was mad at him.
I told Tom I understood his concern.
I told Tom he wouldn't like it here.
I told him I wanted to go to Boston.
I thought you would miss your train.
I thought you said you enjoyed golf.
I thought you said Tom wasn't going.
I thought you said nothing happened.
I thought you said nobody liked Tom.
I thought you just came from Boston.
I thought you didn't care about Tom.
I thought we were talking about Tom.
I thought we were going out tonight.
I thought Tom would talk about Mary.
I thought Tom had already done that.
I thought there would be more of us.
I thought that you were Tom's uncle.
I thought that would make it easier.
I thought it might be a possibility.
I thought I saw something out there.
I think you'd be interested in this.
I saw Tom having a drink at the bar.
I probably won't ever see Tom again.
I need to know why you weren't here.
I hope you had a good night's sleep.
I don't see why we had to meet here.
I don't see why I had to come along.
I don't have a lot of time for this.
I don't care if you trust me or not.
Everyone but Tom was at the meeting.
Do you think you're smarter than me?
Do you think I would really do that?
Are you recording this conversation?
You've probably forgotten about it.
You've got to convince Tom to stay.
You've changed more than I thought.
You've been in Boston way too long.
You've been a bad boy, haven't you?
You're the only one who's seen Tom.
You'll wish you had studied harder.
You won't get any sympathy from me.
You won't get any argument from me.
You won't be able to see Tom today.
You weren't supposed to come today.
You were so busy then, weren't you?
You want Tom to be safe, don't you?
Would you pass the salt and pepper?
Would you hold this for me, please?
Why would I want to go there alone?
Why didn't Tom tell Mary the truth?
What are you going to do in Boston?
We'll be out of here in a few days.
Tom's dog started growling at Mary.
Tom's a money-grubbing opportunist.
Tom wrapped himself in his blanket.
Tom wrapped a towel around himself.
Tom wouldn't take no for an answer.
Tom wouldn't even talk to me today.
Tom wouldn't be interested in Mary.
Tom would've done the same thing.
Tom wondered why Mary wasn't happy.
Tom wondered why Mary never called.
Tom won't tell me when he was born.
Tom won't give us any more trouble.
Tom won't be that hard to convince.
Tom won't be that easy to convince.
Tom won't be making a speech today.
Tom won't be bothering you anymore.
Tom won the science fair last year.
Tom went to the bar to get a drink.
Tom washed the blood off the knife.
Tom was nice to all Mary's friends.
Tom was afraid to stay in the cave.
Tom walked in carrying a briefcase.
Tom walked in and sat on the couch.
Tom walked down the hall with Mary.
Tom usually stays up late at night.
Tom turned off the air conditioner.
Tom took the key out of his pocket.
Tom took his pen out of his pocket.
Tom told Mary where everything was.
Tom told Mary to stay out his room.
Tom skipped breakfast this morning.
Tom showed Mary what he had bought.
Tom should be here within the hour.
Tom shares a room with his brother.
Tom seems to want to say something.
Tom seems to be having a good time.
Tom said his dog's name was Cookie.
Tom said he wanted to go to Boston.
Tom said he had to go to a meeting.
Tom said he had nothing else to do.
Tom put the suitcases into his car.
Tom put his hands into his pockets.
Tom opened up the bag with a knife.
Tom needed to buy something to eat.
Tom loved apples when he was a kid.
Tom likes you just the way you are.
Tom lied to Mary about what he did.
Tom knew where he had put his keys.
Tom isn't much younger than we are.
Tom is much taller than his mother.
Tom is in there with Mary and John.
Tom is getting ready for the party.
Tom is a child psychologist, right?
Tom introduced Mary to his parents.
Tom introduced Mary to his friends.
Tom helped Mary on with her jacket.
Tom helped Mary escape from prison.
Tom has written several cook books.
Tom has never played poker with us.
Tom has been gone for over an hour.
Tom has already decided what to do.
Tom has already crossed the street.
Tom had slept for only three hours.
Tom had another argument with Mary.
Tom gave Mary something to look at.
Tom follows Mary wherever she goes.
Tom fell asleep during the concert.
Tom enjoyed reading Mary's letters.
Tom didn't want to go to the movie.
Tom didn't know what Mary had done.
Tom didn't have a whole lot to say.
Tom couldn't walk without crutches.
Tom couldn't find his contact lens.
Tom carried the box out to the car.
Tom came to Boston three years ago.
Tom came in carrying a six pack of beer.
Tom bought three pounds of bananas.
Tom asked to me to be his best man.
Tom asked me to keep track of Mary.
Tom asked me to give you a message.
Tom asked me to come back tomorrow.
Tom asked Mary if she trusted John.
Tom asked everybody the same thing.
Tom appears to be in a lot of pain.
Tom and Mary went into the kitchen.
Tom and Mary glanced at each other.
Tom and Mary both looked surprised.
Tom and Mary both looked exhausted.
Tom always seems to be out of town.
Tom always pays attention in class.
They wouldn't tell me how to do it.
There's no need to speak so loudly.
The walls were painted light brown.
The wall was splattered with blood.
The food didn't taste all that bad.
The doctor is with another patient.
The baby was playing with a rattle.
Maybe I shouldn't be so suspicious.
Many homeless people live in parks.
Let me give you something to drink.
It's your birthday today, isn't it?
It's my problem. I'll deal with it.
It'll be a while until we're ready.
It looks like Tom bought a new car.
If I had a choice, I'd go home now.
I've told you that a hundred times.
I've seen the way Tom looks at you.
I've got a thing I've got to go to.
I'm working on my report right now.
I'm very sorry about what happened.
I'm unable to answer that question.
I'm trying to tidy things up a bit.
I'm trying to think of a better plan.
I'm trying to move on with my life.
I'm trying to get my children back.
I'm trying not to think about that.
I'm too busy to help you right now.
I'm the reason Tom came to see you.
I'm the one who stole the painting.
I'm the one who ought to apologize.
I'm the last one who talked to Tom.
I'm surprised Tom isn't happy here.
I'm surprised Tom isn't busy today.
I'm surprised they let Tom in here.
I'm sure your intentions were good.
I'm sure you'll think of something.
I'm sure you'll do a fantastic job.
I'm sure you know what that's like.
I'm sure we'll be comfortable here.
I'm sure Tom's name is on the list.
I'm sure Tom would love to see you.
I'm sure Tom will listen to reason.
I'm sure Tom will know what's best.
I'm sure Tom wants to live with us.
I'm sure Tom told you I was coming.
I'm sure there's a way to find out.
I'm sure the two of you will agree.
I'm sure it wasn't me who did that.
I'm sure I heard somebody shouting.
I'm still waiting to hear from Tom.
I'm still waiting for it to happen.
I'm still trying to get used to it.
I'm still not sure Tom believes us.
I'm sorry, this is a private party.
I'm sorry, but I couldn't avoid it.
I'm sorry I had to cancel our date.
I'm sorry I didn't call last night.
I'm sorry for what happened to you.
I'm sorry for what happened to Tom.
I'm sick and tired of being lonely.
I'm scared Tom is going to kill me.
I'm really starting to get worried.
I'm really not much of a performer.
I'm really not much of a guitarist.
I'm quite certain that's the truth.
I'm probably hungrier than you are.
I'm pretty sure Tom is dating Mary.
I'm only doing what has to be done.
I'm not very good at giving advice.
I'm not sure what you're asking me.
I'm not sure if I'm ready for that.
I'm not sure I share your optimism.
I'm not sure exactly what you mean.
I'm not staying here another night.
I'm not so sure it was an accident.
I'm not saying I'm better than Tom.
I'm not really sure about anything.
I'm not looking for a relationship.
I'm not letting you go by yourself.
I'm not going to tell you anything.
I'm not going to tell Tom anything.
I'm not going to be that much help.
I'm not going to be afraid anymore.
I'm not even sure if Tom will come.
I'm not certain Tom is responsible.
I'm not asking you to say anything.
I'm not allowed to talk about that.
I'm never going to trust you again.
I'm never going to stop loving you.
I'm looking forward to meeting you.
I'm looking for an engagement ring.
I'm just trying to get to know you.
I'm just trying to get out of here.
I'm just saying it's a possibility.
I'm just going to go wash my hands.
I'm just doing what has to be done.
I'm just about finished doing this.
I'm here because I need Tom's help.
I'm helping Tom out with something.
I'm having my name legally changed.
I'm grateful you could all be here.
I'm going to tell you what I think.
I'm going to tell everyone tonight.
I'm going to take good care of you.
I'm going to take early retirement.
I'm going to show Tom how to do it.
I'm going to go take a look around.
I'm going to go see if Tom is back.
I'm going to go say goodbye to Tom.
I'm going to go back to the office.
I'm going to get you a ticket, too.
I'm going to get there before dark.
I'm going to finish what I started.
I'm going to bring Tom some dinner.
I'm going on the road with my band.
I'm going back to get my briefcase.
I'm glad you're having a good time.
I'm glad you two are getting along.
I'm glad we put all that behind us.
I'm glad that nothing bad happened.
I'm glad I'm not going to be there.
I'm getting sick and tired of this.
I'm convinced Tom can help us here.
I'm closer to Tom than anyone else.
I'm beginning to feel out of place.
I'm aware of what is at stake here.
I'm assuming it won't be a problem.
I'm afraid I can't talk about that.
I'll write my address down for you.
I'll tell you what I'm going to do.
I'll tell Tom we're going with him.
I'll talk to Tom when he gets home.
I'll see that Tom gets the message.
I'll see if Tom wants to come over.
I'll put my guitar back in the car.
I'll only be gone a couple of days.
I'll let you in on a little secret.
I'll let Tom tell you all about it.
I'll let Tom know what you've done.
I'll know not to do that next time.
I'll inform Tom about our decision.
I'll have to take your word for it.
I'll have to confiscate your knife.
I'll go make another pot of coffee.
I'll go if you pay me enough money.
I'll give you three dollars for it.
I'll give you anything you ask for.
I'll be waiting right here for you.
I'll be there sometime after lunch.
I'll be back to check on you later.
I'll be back in just a few minutes.
I'll answer any questions you have.
I'll always consider you my friend.
I'd very much like to know your opinion.
I'd say you've had enough to drink.
I'd recognize Tom's voice anywhere.
I'd like you to handle this matter.
I'd have to be an idiot to do that.
I'd have helped you if you'd asked.
I'd have figured it out eventually.
I'd forgotten how much I liked Tom.
I'd be willing to take that chance.
I wouldn't worry too much about it.
I wouldn't miss this for the world.
I wouldn't know what to say to Tom.
I wouldn't have trusted Tom either.
I wouldn't do anything to hurt you.
I wouldn't be the same without you.
I wonder what's wrong with the car.
I wonder what's taking Tom so long.
I wonder what's left in the fridge.
I wonder what ever happened to Tom.
I wonder if Tom likes Chinese food.
I wonder if there's any connection.
I wonder if I could speak with you.
I won't make you go back to Boston.
I won't let anything happen to Tom.
I won't know until I hear from Tom.
I won't be bullied into doing that.
I won't allow that to happen again.
I wish you'd tell me what happened.
I wish you two didn't always fight.
I wish we could ask Tom to help us.
I wish I knew what happened to Tom.
I wish I could make you understand.
I wish I could have been more help.
I wear a hat whenever I go outside.
I wasn't the only one who was late.
I wasn't expecting to see you here.
I was your student a few years ago.
I was wondering when you'd show up.
I was waiting for the right moment.
I was up all night working on that.
I was under arrest for killing Tom.
I was under a lot of pressure then.
I was trying to get Tom to help us.
I was trying to do the right thing.
I was told that we have until 2:30.
I was three years old at that time.
I was thinking of buying a new car.
I was thinking about what Tom said.
I was thinking about getting a dog.
I was talking to Tom the other day.
I was talking about something else.
I was rear-ended by a pickup truck.
I was really looking forward to it.
I was only gone for thirty minutes.
I was just minding my own business.
I was hoping you could talk to Tom.
I was going to call Tom back today.
I was asked to leave the classroom.
I was afraid the fire might go out.
I want to do something interesting.
I want to apologize for last night.
I understand you were close to Tom.
I understand why you feel that way.
I understand better than you think.
I tried calling you at your office.
I told you to stop calling me that.
I told you to keep your mouth shut.
I told you to finish your homework.
I told you it was going to be fine.
I told you it was going to be easy.
I told Tom you were a good plumber.
I told Tom things I shouldn't have.
I told Tom that we could trust you.
I told Tom that wasn't a good idea.
I told Tom that I'd get him a gift.
I told Tom not to play in the road.
I told Tom I wouldn't say anything.
I told Tom I wasn't going anywhere.
I told Tom how much money I needed.
I told Tom he shouldn't drink that.
I told Tom about what had happened.
I thought you were working for Tom.
I thought you were living with Tom.
I thought you were going to Boston.
I thought you said you worked here.
I thought you said Tom wasn't here.
I thought you said Tom was married.
I thought you might walk Mary home.
I thought you might need some help.
I thought you might like this back.
I thought you might actually do it.
I thought you and Tom were friends.
I thought what Tom said was stupid.
I thought what Tom said was clever.
I thought we'd be comfortable here.
I thought we were on the same side.
I thought we could make it by 2:30.
I thought we all had plans tonight.
I thought Tom would never get here.
I thought Tom might actually do it.
I thought Tom and Mary should meet.
I thought this was just between us.
I thought that's why you were here.
I thought that was already obvious.
I thought I knew him, but I didn't.
I think it's best if I go home now.
I still wish I were going with you.
I really have to do this on my own.
I now know why Tom did what he did.
I just came by to see how you were.
I intend to tell Tom what happened.
I have a small favor to ask of you.
I had trouble pronouncing his name.
I had to be sure I could trust you.
I got paid to show Tom around town.
I doubt I can go with you tomorrow.
I don't think I'd enjoy doing that.
I don't see why we have to do this.
I don't often go to lunch with Tom.
I don't care if you like me or not.
I don't care if you kiss me or not.
I don't care if you help me or not.
I didn't realize how thirsty I was.
I didn't mean to make you feel bad.
I asked Tom to talk to his parents.
Have you spent much time in Boston?
Have you been happy here in Boston?
Has the jury reached a verdict yet?
Do you know what you need to bring?
Do you have your passport with you?
All of my friends can speak French.
You've got to get out of here now.
You've got to answer the question.
You've got something on your face.
You're very confident, aren't you?
You're the smartest person I know.
You're the only one who's met Tom.
You're not an easy person to find.
You'll feel better in a few hours.
You wouldn't want me as your boss.
You wouldn't have to say anything.
You would look good in that dress.
You won't have to worry about Tom.
You won't have to hide any longer.
You won't have to babysit tonight.
You won't get an argument from me.
You won't be needing this anymore.
You were the first one here today.
You should have gotten up earlier.
You should ask Mary out on a date.
You know the procedure, don't you?
You know my dog's name, don't you?
Would you show me some ID, please?
Would you please shut the windows?
Would you mind if I borrowed this?
Would you mind giving us a minute?
Would you get out of here, please?
Would you care for a piece of pie?
Why don't you get Tom to help you?
Why do people do things like that?
Why did you ask Tom that question?
Who did you buy those flowers for?
Where did you leave your umbrella?
What do you think Tom needs to do?
We've told you everything we know.
We're sorry for any inconvenience.
We're a bit off course, aren't we?
We'll be there tomorrow afternoon.
We were out celebrating all night.
We have a daughter at that school.
Tom's not as bad as you say he is.
Tom, Mary already has a boyfriend.
Tom yanked the plug from the wall.
Tom wrote Mary a letter in French.
Tom wouldn't let us call a doctor.
Tom wouldn't do a thing like that.
Tom would never hurt his children.
Tom worked for me for three years.
Tom won't tell me who he's dating.
Tom won't stop trying to stop you.
Tom won't eat anything I give him.
Tom won't be here for a long time.
Tom won't be back for a few hours.
Tom will be out of town next week.
Tom whacked the dog with his cane.
Tom was executed three months ago.
Tom turned on the air conditioner.
Tom turned and walked to the exit.
Tom turned and walked to the door.
Tom tried to get Mary's attention.
Tom took the rattle from the baby.
Tom took a cup out of the cabinet.
Tom told us to stay where we were.
Tom stood in line for three hours.
Tom sounded a little disappointed.
Tom smiled at Mary affectionately.
Tom sensed Mary wanted to say yes.
Tom says that he'll come tomorrow.
Tom saw something on the sidewalk.
Tom sat down on one of the stools.
Tom sat down at the kitchen table.
Tom said that was not his problem.
Tom refused to play poker with us.
Tom read the sports section first.
Tom put the soap in the soap dish.
Tom put the envelope on the table.
Tom noticed Mary's disappointment.
Tom lied to Mary and she knows it.
Tom lied about his job experience.
Tom knows Mary is up to something.
Tom knows how to have a good time.
Tom jotted down a message to Mary.
Tom is Mary's long-time boyfriend.
Tom is happy with his new bicycle.
Tom is a lot smarter than you are.
Tom heard footsteps and looked up.
Tom has a wife and three children.
Tom had to fill out lots of forms.
Tom gave the clerk thirty dollars.
Tom gave Mary the keys to the van.
Tom followed Mary out of the room.
Tom followed Mary down the stairs.
Tom drank a glass of orange juice.
Tom doesn't seem to be having fun.
Tom doesn't live with his parents.
Tom doesn't have to worry anymore.
Tom does thirty pushups every day.
Tom didn't want to work in Boston.
Tom didn't want to miss his plane.
Tom didn't want to go to the play.
Tom didn't want to go to the park.
Tom didn't want to go to his room.
Tom didn't have to listen to Mary.
Tom didn't arrive home until dawn.
Tom closed his briefcase and left.
Tom called Mary back the next day.
Tom became upset and began to cry.
Tom barged through the front door.
Tom asked Mary where she was from.
Tom asked Mary to lower her voice.
Tom asked Mary to give him a kiss.
Tom asked Mary if she'd seen John.
Tom asked Mary how John was doing.
Tom asked Mary a lot of questions.
Tom appears to have fallen asleep.
Tom apparently can't speak French.
Tom and Mary yelled at each other.
Tom and Mary are on the same team.
Tom and Mary are in the cafeteria.
Tom and I went to a piano recital.
Tom and I are having drinks later.
This isn't the way to Tom's house.
This isn't a violin. It's a viola.
This is Tom's first year teaching.
These are Tom's glasses, not mine.
There was an explosion in the lab.
There's ice cream in the freezer.
The Jacksons were married in 2003.
Please do whatever you want to do.
Please do what we asked you to do.
Maybe Tom isn't telling the truth.
Maybe I shouldn't try to help Tom.
Mary has a red ribbon in her hair.
Mary doesn't look like her mother.
Let me make you some chicken soup.
It takes three hours to get there.
I'm worried about me getting shot.
I'm waiting for a letter from Tom.
I'm trying to spare your feelings.
I'm trying to make Tom understand.
I'm the only one who can stop Tom.
I'm the only one who can help you.
I'm the one who stole Tom's money.
I'm the luckiest man in the world.
I'm the luckiest guy in the world.
I'm surprised you weren't invited.
I'm sure you're doing all you can.
I'm sure you know what's going on.
I'm sure you heard about the fire.
I'm sure we'll do better tomorrow.
I'm sure we can straighten it out.
I'm sure Tom will know what to do.
I'm sure Tom will be here by 2:30.
I'm sure Tom will be able to help.
I'm sure Tom wanted to come along.
I'm sure Tom is going to be there.
I'm sure Tom has told Mary by now.
I'm sure Tom didn't mean any harm.
I'm sure they're talking about us.
I'm supposed to do this by myself.
I'm suggesting it's a possibility.
I'm suffering from a broken heart.
I'm still your prisoner, aren't I?
I'm still your commanding officer.
I'm still trying to figure it out.
I'm still trying to get a hold of Tom.
I'm still not sure if he likes me.
I'm still not sure I can help you.
I'm still not sure I can be there.
I'm sorry that I missed your call.
I'm sorry if I hurt your feelings.
I'm sorry I jumped to conclusions.
I'm sorry I can't be of more help.
I'm sorry for keeping you waiting.
I'm so happy to be done with that.
I'm so glad you changed your mind.
I'm really sorry about last night.
I'm really not interested in that.
I'm really going to miss you guys.
I'm pretty sure this is a mistake.
I'm part owner of this restaurant.
I'm only trying to save some time.
I'm not worried about the meeting.
I'm not used to this kind of food.
I'm not used to talking in public.
I'm not totally convinced of that.
I'm not too crazy about that idea.
I'm not the person you think I am.
I'm not sure you'll have the time.
I'm not sure that I can trust you.
I'm not sure I can wait that long.
I'm not sure how long we can stay.
I'm not saying this is your fault.
I'm not ready to give up just yet.
I'm not making that mistake again.
I'm not making myself clear, am I?
I'm not looking for your sympathy.
I'm not impressed with Tom's work.
I'm not going to tell you my name.
I'm not going to see anybody else.
I'm not going to let you hurt Tom.
I'm not doing this with you again.
I'm more than willing to help you.
I'm looking forward to going home.
I'm just telling you what I found.
I'm just going to wait over there.
I'm just going to stretch my legs.
I'm just following the blueprints.
I'm in love with Tom's girlfriend.
I'm in charge until Tom gets here.
I'm here because I need your help.
I'm going to try to quit drinking.
I'm going to tell Tom you're here.
I'm going to take a walk with Tom.
I'm going to pay my rent tomorrow.
I'm going to need some volunteers.
I'm going to miss being a teacher.
I'm going to make it just in time.
I'm going to make a pot of coffee.
I'm going to keep looking for Tom.
I'm going to have to pass on that.
I'm going to go to the men's room.
I'm going to go talk to Tom again.
I'm going to go for a little walk.
I'm going to go change my clothes.
I'm going to go catch up with Tom.
I'm going to give it one more try.
I'm going to get some more coffee.
I'm going to get my picture taken.
I'm going to forget you said that.
I'm going to ask you to leave now.
I'm going to ask Mary to marry me.
I'm glad you're enjoying yourself.
I'm glad you finally made it back.
I'm glad you asked me to join you.
I'm glad we're finally doing this.
I'm glad we understand each other.
I'm glad everything turned out OK.
I'm getting to the bottom of this.
I'm feeling embarrassed right now.
I'm considering all possibilities.
I'm being treated like a criminal.
I'm beginning to get used to this.
I'm aware you've already finished.
I'm assuming Tom knows about this.
I'm afraid we're wasting our time.
I'm afraid we don't have the time.
I'm afraid that's not good enough.
I'm afraid I can't authorize that.
I'll visit you every other Monday.
I'll try to make it to your party.
I'll tell you what you should say.
I'll tell you what the problem is.
I'll tell you exactly what to say.
I'll tell Tom you asked about him.
I'll set the table for six people.
I'll see Tom later this afternoon.
I'll put it back where it belongs.
I'll never ask Tom for help again.
I'll let you be the judge of that.
I'll keep these if you don't mind.
I'll have to give it some thought.
I'll go see if Tom is ready to go.
I'll give you everything you want.
I'll give you everything you need.
I'll give you each thirty dollars.
I'll get you one as soon as I can.
I'll follow Tom's recommendations.
I'll find the person who did this.
I'll find someone else to help me.
I'll find out when the meeting is.
I'll find a way to make it happen.
I'll figure out a way to fix this.
I'll explain the situation to Tom.
I'll drive you back to your hotel.
I'll do that later this afternoon.
I'll call you when dinner's ready.
I'll bet you didn't even tell Tom.
I'll be working as your assistant.
I'll be with you in just a second.
I'll be with you as soon as I can.
I'll be there in about minutes.
I'll be sure Tom gets the message.
I'll be right here if you need me.
I'll be downstairs if you need me.
I'll be back in four or five days.
I'll be back in a couple of hours.
I'll answer all of your questions.
I'd rather not talk about it here.
I'd rather it didn't come to that.
I'd never steal anything from you.
I'd never say anything to anybody.
I'd never marry someone like that.
I'd never let you out of my sight.
I'd never do anything to hurt you.
I'd like to talk to you some more.
I'd be thrilled if I were invited.
I'd advise you to stop doing that.
I wrote another poem this morning.
I wouldn't want to take that risk.
I wouldn't want to disappoint Tom.
I wouldn't say it was unimportant.
I wouldn't miss this for anything.
I wouldn't lose any sleep over it.
I wouldn't have made that mistake.
I wouldn't expect you to admit it.
I wouldn't be too sure about that.
I wondered when I'd see you again.
I wonder where Tom parked the car.
I wonder where Tom keeps his wine.
I won't take up much of your time.
I won't be sorry to see Tom leave.
I wish you had told me what to do.
I wish you could stay here longer.
I wish we could stay here forever.
I wish we could live in Australia.
I wish to speak to Tom in private.
I wish it weren't true, but it is.
I wish I were more like my father.
I wish I had some answers for you.
I wish I could tell you something.
I wish I could tell you otherwise.
I wish everybody would just relax.
I wasn't told where we were going.
I wasn't told anything about that.
I wasn't expecting you until 2:30.
I wasn't even thinking about that.
I wasn't even supposed to be here.
I was waiting for you to say that.
I was waiting for you to get back.
I was traveling with some friends.
I was too embarrassed to tell you.
I was told to be here on the 13th.
I was thinking about other things.
I was taken up to the third floor.
I was starting to worry about you.
I was sorry to hear what happened.
I was married when I was nineteen.
I was just trying to cheer you up.
I was just talking to your mother.
I was hoping you'd find something.
I was hoping you and I could talk.
I was hoping I would run into you.
I was going to get myself a snack.
I was beginning to have my doubts.
I was about to say the same thing.
I want to know why Tom isn't here.
I want to know where I need to go.
I understand you have a job to do.
I understand why you're concerned.
I tried to warn this might happen.
I tried to hit Tom, but he ducked.
I tried to convince Tom otherwise.
I tried talking to Tom last night.
I took a sleeping pill last night.
I told you what I was going to do.
I told you we had a lot in common.
I told you to leave it in the car.
I told you something wasn't right.
I told you never to call me again.
I told you it was a waste of time.
I told you I'd think of something.
I told you I need a few more days.
I told Tom to stay away from Mary.
I told Tom it was his only option.
I told Tom I'd look after his dog.
I thought you'd already done that.
I thought you were leaving Boston.
I thought you were done with this.
I thought you wanted to marry Tom.
I thought you might need our help.
I thought you just said something.
I thought you just had two drinks.
I thought you had a date with Tom.
I thought you brought your guitar.
I thought what Tom said was funny.
I thought we could talk about Tom.
I thought Tom was just a musician.
I thought Tom had met Mary before.
I thought that's why Tom was here.
I thought that was the whole idea.
I thought that I had lost my keys.
I thought it might be significant.
I thought it might be complicated.
I thought I had given Tom the key.
I think you know I like you a lot.
I need you to take a look at this.
I need to make sure Tom gets paid.
I need to know I can count on you.
I just don't want to go to Boston.
I have a lot of work I have to do.
I have a great deal of work to do.
I got paid to paint Tom's picture.
I got married when I was nineteen.
I feel that I've wasted your time.
I don't want Tom to join the navy.
I don't want to go back to Boston.
I don't know if I can do this job.
I don't have a girlfriend anymore.
I didn't realize how busy Tom was.
I can't believe I let Tom do that.
I bought a pair of leather gloves.
He wouldn't even tell me his name.
Have you seen Tom's medical records?
Do you want another cup of coffee?
Both of them said they would come.
Your shoes are on the wrong feet.
Your blood pressure is very high.
You've surprised a lot of people.
You've still got a place to live.
You've seen this before, I think.
You've said way too much already.
You've only been here three days.
You've got to let me go in there.
You've got to get me out of here.
You've got enough to worry about.
You've always underestimated Tom.
You're not authorized to be here.
You're angry with me, aren't you?
You're a gentleman and a scholar.
You wouldn't have recognized Tom.
You won't need an umbrella today.
You should've brushed your teeth.
You know what we need, don't you?
You know what this is, don't you?
You know how it works, don't you?
You have nothing to be sorry for.
You didn't turn in your homework.
You always seem to be in trouble.
You all know what you have to do.
Would you please turn the TV off?
Would you mind your own business?
Would you like to stay for lunch?
Would you go mention that to Tom?
Would you get Tom for me, please?
Would you excuse us for a second?
Would you excuse us for a moment?
Why don't you ever pay attention?
What's your mother's maiden name?
What did you tell Tom about Mary?
We'll start again in the morning.
We'll be there in a little while.
We'll be there as soon as we can.
We won't be able to eat all this.
We should've gotten here earlier.
We have nothing at all in common.
Tom's house has only one bedroom.
Tom's a bully, just like John is.
Tom zipped up his leather jacket.
Tom would've liked what you said.
Tom would treat you with respect.
Tom would've loved the concert.
Tom would've been proud of you.
Tom works for the United Nations.
Tom won't tell us where he lives.
Tom won't leave his dog with you.
Tom won't know who to give it to.
Tom won't know where to find you.
Tom won't give you what you want.
Tom won't even know we were here.
Tom won't be staying much longer.
Tom won't be helping us tomorrow.
Tom withheld information from us.
Tom went to the library to study.
Tom went to the circus with Mary.
Tom went down to the first floor.
Tom waved as the car pulled away.
Tom wasn't around to see who won.
Tom was mopping the kitchen.
Tom wants to break Mary out of jail.
Tom turned on the kitchen faucet.
Tom turned around and faced Mary.
Tom tried to answer the question.
Tom tossed the keys on the table.
Tom took out a pen and a notepad.
Tom told Mary to have a nice day.
Tom told Mary that she was crazy.
Tom told Mary he needed her help.
Tom thought about what Mary said.
Tom stayed at home all afternoon.
Tom speaks with a Cockney accent.
Tom skateboarded down the street.
Tom sits at his computer all day.
Tom shoved Mary against the wall.
Tom shot at Mary with a revolver.
Tom sat down in the pilot's seat.
Tom said he would call Mary back.
Tom said he was too busy to help.
Tom rides his bicycle everywhere.
Tom ran out of the house quickly.
Tom put oil on the bicycle chain.
Tom put his wallet in his pocket.
Tom pushed Mary against the wall.
Tom offered Mary a mug of coffee.
Tom knows what to do, doesn't he?
Tom knows about this, doesn't he?
Tom isn't much older than we are.
Tom is very good at what he does.
Tom is the only one I'll talk to.
Tom is mopping the kitchen floor.
Tom is having problems at school.
Tom is happy with his new guitar.
Tom is asleep, but Mary is awake.
Tom is always flirting with Mary.
Tom is acting weirder than usual.
Tom is a friend from out of town.
Tom hung up his keys on the hook.
Tom hoped that Mary wouldn't die.
Tom helped Mary on with her coat.
Tom hasn't done his homework yet.
Tom has been married a long time.
Tom has been arrested for murder.
Tom had to take a test yesterday.
Tom had a few more things to say.
Tom gave Mary something to drink.
Tom fell asleep in the classroom.
Tom eats breakfast every morning.
Tom dried his hands with a towel.
Tom doesn't look like his father.
Tom didn't want to stand in line.
Tom didn't want to put on weight.
Tom didn't have any friends here.
Tom couldn't walk without a cane.
Tom bought three lottery tickets.
Tom began fixing himself a drink.
Tom banged his fist on the table.
Tom asked me to say hello to you.
Tom asked me not to say anything.
Tom asked Mary to drive him home.
Tom asked Mary if she drank beer.
Tom arrived with food and drinks.
Tom and the others are with Mary.
Tom and Mary have been kidnapped.
Tom and Mary both looked worried.
Tom and Mary are talking to John.
Tom and Mary are getting married.
Tom and Mary are comforting John.
Tom always comes home for dinner.
The parking lot was almost empty.
The judge sentenced Tom to death.
The judge banged his gavel again.
Nobody told me about the meeting.
It won't do any good to complain.
It looks like Tom wants to leave.
I'm worried about Tom's behavior.
I'm willing to try anything once.
I'm waiting for you to apologize.
I'm waiting for Tom to cool down.
I'm very uncomfortable with this.
I'm very sorry you're so unhappy.
I'm very good at problem solving.
I'm turning into a snob, I think.
I'm trying to make a living here.
I'm trying not to make Tom angry.
I'm thinking of getting a tattoo.
I'm the owner of this restaurant.
I'm the only one who understands.
I'm the one who should apologize.
I'm the one who really knows Tom.
I'm the one who let Tom get away.
I'm the one who is handling this.
I'm taking Tom to Boston with me.
I'm surprised Tom went with Mary.
I'm sure you'll have a good time.
I'm sure you'll be busy tomorrow.
I'm sure you know what it's like.
I'm sure you have many questions.
I'm sure Tom would appreciate it.
I'm sure Tom would agree with me.
I'm sure Tom will make you proud.
I'm sure Tom will be coming back.
I'm sure Tom meant no disrespect.
I'm sure Tom is doing all he can.
I'm sure the reasons are obvious.
I'm sure that wasn't intentional.
I'm sure I won't be of much help.
I'm sure I turned off the lights.
I'm sure I don't need to do that.
I'm sure everything will be fine.
I'm supposed to go over to Tom's.
I'm supposed to be at school now.
I'm strong enough to do that now.
I'm still not sure I can do that.
I'm sorry, did you say something?
I'm sorry, could you repeat that?
I'm so thrilled to be doing this.
I'm sick and tired of this place.
I'm severely allergic to peanuts.
I'm responsible for Tom's safety.
I'm really sorry I told you that.
I'm really looking forward to it.
I'm really going to enjoy myself.
I'm quitting my job as a teacher.
I'm pretty sure I mentioned that.
I'm pretty sure I can find a job.
I'm only trying to save you time.
I'm only interested in the truth.
I'm not working with Tom anymore.
I'm not trying to prove anything.
I'm not taking Tom's word for it.
I'm not sure this is a good idea.
I'm not sure that I can help you.
I'm not strong enough to do this.
I'm not opening the door for Tom.
I'm not listening to you anymore.
I'm not letting Tom near my kids.
I'm not going to talk about that.
I'm not going to make it on time.
I'm not going to make fun of Tom.
I'm not going to let you do that.
I'm not going to let that happen.
I'm not going to do this anymore.
I'm not going to be afraid again.
I'm not going to ask anyone else.
I'm not expecting you to help us.
I'm not even supposed to be here.
I'm not eating this potato salad.
I'm not allowed to talk about it.
I'm not accusing you of anything.
I'm not accusing Tom of anything.
I'm never going to see Tom again.
I'm never coming back here again.
I'm more than willing to do that.
I'm looking for a friend of mine.
I'm just trying to help you here.
I'm just thinking about the baby.
I'm just saying it's complicated.
I'm just finishing up the report.
I'm having trouble concentrating.
I'm happy we're working together.
I'm happy to be working with you.
I'm happy to be able to help you.
I'm going to wear my blue jacket.
I'm going to warn Tom about that.
I'm going to want to talk to Tom.
I'm going to wait up for a while.
I'm going to turn in. Good night.
I'm going to try to quit smoking.
I'm going to tear down this wall.
I'm going to take a quick shower.
I'm going to take a look outside.
I'm going to stay in bed all day.
I'm going to start with this one.
I'm going to rewrite this report.
I'm going to put this in the car.
I'm going to need to see some ID.
I'm going to help you rescue Tom.
I'm going to help you get better.
I'm going to have to talk to Tom.
I'm going to have a heart attack.
I'm going to go use the restroom.
I'm going to give you my bicycle.
I'm going to get you out of here.
I'm going to get myself a burger.
I'm going to do you a huge favor.
I'm going to bring Tom back here.
I'm going to Boston this weekend.
I'm going to be late for the bus.
I'm going to be fine in a moment.
I'm going to be away a long time.
I'm glad you asked that question.
I'm getting rid of all this junk.
I'm getting really tired of this.
I'm getting kicked out of school.
I'm dying to know what you think.
I'm dealing with the problem now.
I'm convinced Tom killed himself.
I'm beginning to see the picture.
I'm aware of my responsibilities.
I'm assuming Tom knew about this.
I'm asking you both to try again.
I'm afraid this is going to hurt.
I'm afraid there isn't much time.
I'm afraid that's not acceptable.
I'm afraid that you're in danger.
I'm afraid I won't have the time.
I'm afraid I don't have a choice.
I'm afraid I can't let you leave.
I'm about as qualified as Tom is.
I'll walk you back to your hotel.
I'll try to find out where it is.
I'll tell you this one more time.
I'll tell you if I find anything.
I'll tell you all about it later.
I'll take care of it immediately.
I'll show you my vocabulary list.
I'll see if Tom is in his office.
I'll see if Tom has enough money.
I'll not make that mistake again.
I'll meet you right after school.
I'll meet you back at the office.
I'll make sure Tom writes to you.
I'll loan you the money you want.
I'll let you know when it's done.
I'll keep that if you don't mind.
I'll just put this in the fridge.
I'll have to mention this to Tom.
I'll handle all the arrangements.
I'll give you a call later today.
I'll get back to you in a moment.
I'll find out if Tom wants to go.
I'll do anything to get Tom back.
I'll discuss the matter with Tom.
I'll deal with Tom in my own way.
I'll check on Tom a little later.
I'll call you if I hear anything.
I'll be your server this evening.
I'll be in the bar drinking beer.
I'll be in my office all morning.
I'll be finished here in an hour.
I'll be back to see you tomorrow.
I'll be back as soon as possible.
I'll arrange a meeting with them.
I'd no idea you were still alive.
I'd never marry someone like you.
I'd never do something like that.
I'd love to have dinner with you.
I'd appreciate it if you'd leave.
I wrote down the address for you.
I wouldn't want you to get fired.
I wouldn't want to mess with Tom.
I wouldn't read too much into it.
I wouldn't miss it for the world.
I wouldn't make any sudden moves.
I wouldn't have it any other way.
I wouldn't feel right about that.
I wouldn't dream of stopping now.
I wouldn't do it even if I could.
I wondered the same thing myself.
I wonder who's going to help us.
I wonder what Tom's real name is.
I wonder what Tom is waiting for.
I wonder what that was all about.
I wonder if there's a connection.
I won't tell anyone if you won't.
I won't know until I talk to Tom.
I won't be able to sleep tonight.
I wish you'd told me that sooner.
I wish you'd stop calling me Tom.
I wish you'd stop asking me that.
I wish you'd let me use your car.
I wish you wouldn't call me that.
I wish you could be here with me.
I wish we had more time together.
I wish there were some other way.
I wish I'd done that differently.
I wish I'd been able to help you.
I wish I were somebody important.
I wish I had better news for you.
I wish I could be there with you.
I wasn't trying to hide anything.
I wasn't the one driving the car.
I wasn't going to touch anything.
I wasn't aware Tom had done that.
I wasn't asking for your opinion.
I was worried you wouldn't do it.
I was wondering if we could talk.
I was with Tom from 8:to 2:30.
I was up all night brainstorming.
I was trying to look out for Tom.
I was thirteen when I wrote that.
I was surprised to get your call.
I was looking for the barbershop.
I was just trying to impress you.
I was just trying to be friendly.
I was just trying to be a friend.
I was just reading the newspaper.
I was hoping you'd be reasonable.
I was going to share it with you.
I was going through a rough time.
I was born and raised right here.
I was afraid I might chicken out.
I was about to leave without you.
I want to see Tom hit a home run.
I want to make sure it's perfect.
I want to know why you were late.
I want to know who gave you that.
I want to know what I need to do.
I want to hear more about Boston.
I used to live not far from here.
I understand more than you think.
I trust my instincts on this one.
I told you you'd be disappointed.
I told you not to talk about Tom.
I told you it wasn't an accident.
I told you I don't know anything.
I told you before not to do that.
I told Tom to take off his shoes.
I told Tom I was getting married.
I told Tom how talented you were.
I thought you missed your flight.
I thought you might want to talk.
I thought you might like to know.
I thought you might be mad at me.
I thought you could do it for me.
I thought we came in here to eat.
I thought Tom would surprise you.
I thought Tom would like to know.
I thought Tom would buy that car.
I thought Tom was crazy.
I thought Tom would be safe here.
I thought Tom was having a party.
I thought Tom was carrying a gun.
I thought Tom was an electrician.
I thought this wasn't a big deal.
I thought that's what you wanted.
I thought that's what you needed.
I thought that wasn't a big deal.
I thought maybe I could help you.
I think I might've found a job.
I plan to tell Tom what happened.
I hope I'm not bothering anybody.
I have a lot of time on my hands.
I have a first aid kit in my car.
I had Tom in the palm of my hand.
I got paid to clean Tom's garage.
I don't want Tom to be a soldier.
I don't know much about politics.
I didn't mean to waste your time.
I bought a pair of leather shoes.
Have you read the owner's manual?
Could you show me how to do that?
Are you in any of those pictures?
Your mother and father are dead.
You've wasted enough of my time.
You've still got thirty minutes.
You've stalled long enough, Tom.
You've skipped too many classes.
You've really been a great help.
You've got to get out of Boston.
You've got no right to say that.
You're the only one I can trust.
You're not meeting Tom, are you?
You're not a very good mechanic.
You're good at this, aren't you?
You're a brilliant photographer.
You're a better dancer than Tom.
You'll have to ask Tom yourself.
You wouldn't do that, would you?
You would've seen it eventually.
You won't get away from me, Tom.
You won't believe what I've got.
You won't be the only one there.
You won't be needing that again.
You shouldn't play with matches.
Would you stop being so uptight?
Would you like to say something?
Why is there a dog in our house?
Who's going to pay the mechanic?
Which bus does Tom take to work?
Whatever you do, don't tell Tom.
What does Tom eat for breakfast?
We've upped our offer by $3,000.
We're very different, you and I.
We're not supposed to park here.
We're just one big happy family.
We're going to have a good time.
We're asking you not to do that.
We'll worry about that tomorrow.
We'll start with the easy stuff.
We won't let that happen to you.
We won't leave until after dark.
We won't have to work very hard.
We won't actually be doing that.
We talked about a lot of things.
We have Tom's signed confession.
We can't afford to keep a horse.
Tom's rich, but not rich enough.
Tom's name is first on the list.
Tom's good, but not good enough.
Tom's car isn't in the driveway.
Tom, you've got to talk to Mary.
Tom, you're wanted on the phone.
Tom wouldn't go to the hospital.
Tom would've wanted it that way.
Tom would've liked what you did.
Tom works here almost every day.
Tom works for the phone company.
Tom works about hours a week.
Tom wondered why Mary was angry.
Tom won't have to wait for Mary.
Tom will always want you around.
Tom watched as Mary walked away.
Tom was passed out on the floor.
Tom was kidnapped by terrorists.
Tom was caught hot-wiring a car.
Tom was a bit freaked out by it.
Tom waited for Mary to continue.
Tom used to have a lot of money.
Tom turned on the right blinker.
Tom turned and faced the camera.
Tom took a fifteen-minute break.
Tom told Mary to tell the truth.
Tom told Mary to go to her room.
Tom told Mary about his new job.
Tom told Mary about his new car.
Tom thought that was a bad idea.
Tom thanked Mary for saving him.
Tom talked to Mary for a minute.
Tom started scrubbing the floor.
Tom slammed the door as he left.
Tom showed the bartender his ID.
Tom sat down and wrote a letter.
Tom sat at his desk all morning.
Tom said it was a beautiful day.
Tom said he had a gift for Mary.
Tom said he didn't speak French.
Tom put the key in the ignition.
Tom put his phone in his pocket.
Tom pushed Mary out of the room.
Tom pushed Mary out of the boat.
Tom punched Mary in the stomach.
Tom pulled into the parking lot.
Tom probably won't eat anything.
Tom opened the medicine cabinet.
Tom offered Mary a handkerchief.
Tom needed help doing his taxes.
Tom mumbled something in French.
Tom knows what he wants to hear.
Tom knows what happened to Mary.
Tom jumped off the diving board.
Tom isn't here now, but Mary is.
Tom is worried about being sued.
Tom is waiting for you and Mary.
Tom is waiting for Mary's reply.
Tom is taller than anybody else.
Tom is probably scared to death.
Tom is in the kitchen with Mary.
Tom is going to buy a new cello.
Tom is doing a crossword puzzle.
Tom is a salesman, not a doctor.
Tom is a chiropractor, isn't he?
Tom is a bleeding-heart liberal.
Tom has written a few textbooks.
Tom handed Mary a manila folder.
Tom had a big smile on his face.
Tom gives us everything we want.
Tom gives us everything we need.
Tom gave Mary something to read.
Tom gave Mary his business card.
Tom fixed Mary something to eat.
Tom disagreed with the decision.
Tom didn't have any cash on him.
Tom didn't come home last night.
Tom checked the rearview mirror.
Tom burned himself on the stove.
Tom burned all of his old books.
Tom begged me to help him do it.
Tom attempted to calm Mary down.
Tom asked me to take it to Mary.
Tom asked me to look after Mary.
Tom asked Mary to open the gate.
Tom asked Mary if she was ready.
Tom asked Mary if she loved him.
Tom arrived a little after 2:30.
Tom appears to be a bit worried.
Tom appears to be a bit nervous.
Tom apparently likes Mary a lot.
Tom apparently doesn't eat meat.
Tom and Mary used to be friends.
Tom and Mary are in the kitchen.
Tom admitted it was a stupid idea.
This book doesn't belong to Tom.
They wouldn't take me seriously.
There's been a misunderstanding.
The restaurant was almost empty.
The food didn't taste very good.
That was interesting, wasn't it?
That strike lasted three months.
Take a minute to think about it.
Maybe I shouldn't sell my canoe.
Let's start with the easy stuff.
Is there anything else you want?
I've only been in Boston a year.
I've been sleeping on the couch.
I've been getting death threats.
I'm willing to take that chance.
I'm well aware of the situation.
I'm waiting for Tom to get here.
I'm waiting for a call from Tom.
I'm very pleased with your work.
I'm very glad I got to know you.
I'm usually not here on Mondays.
I'm trying to meet the deadline.
I'm trying to keep an open mind.
I'm trying not to get emotional.
I'm thirty years older than you.
I'm the only one here right now.
I'm the one who has your helmet.
I'm the one who has to call Tom.
I'm the one who called you guys.
I'm telling you I saw something.
I'm telling you I had no choice.
I'm taking you up on your offer.
I'm surprised you're still here.
I'm surprised you overlooked it.
I'm sure you can do even better.
I'm sure Tom will listen to you.
I'm sure Tom will figure it out.
I'm sure Tom will feel the same.
I'm sure Tom will agree to help.
I'm sure Tom was here yesterday.
I'm sure Tom feels the same way.
I'm sure this is only temporary.
I'm sure there'll be no problem.
I'm sure that's what Tom wanted.
I'm sure something will turn up.
I'm sure I turned off the stove.
I'm sure I saw something moving.
I'm sure everything's just fine.
I'm still not thinking straight.
I'm still not sure who they are.
I'm still not sure I understand.
I'm sorry, Tom, I can't do that.
I'm sorry, but you've got to go.
I'm sorry to drag you into this.
I'm sorry to bother you at home.
I'm sorry I missed your concert.
I'm sorry for the inconvenience.
I'm sorry about the other night.
I'm so glad you decided to come.
I'm really sorry about all this.
I'm really going to miss Boston.
I'm pretty sure Tom wears a wig.
I'm on the nominating committee.
I'm old enough to be her father.
I'm not working for Tom anymore.
I'm not very good with children.
I'm not sure that's a good idea.
I'm not sure I'm ready for this.
I'm not sure I'm ready for that.
I'm not sure I have enough time.
I'm not sure how I can help you.
I'm not supposed to talk to Tom.
I'm not prepared to do that yet.
I'm not looking forward to this.
I'm not going to worry about it.
I'm not going to take that risk.
I'm not going to do much better.
I'm not going to change my mind.
I'm not going anywhere with you.
I'm not finished talking to you.
I'm not allowed to speak to Tom.
I'm moving into Tom's old house.
I'm losing my patience with you.
I'm just trying to help you out.
I'm just trying to help Tom out.
I'm just trying to be realistic.
I'm just thinking out loud here.
I'm just looking out for myself.
I'm just looking for my friends.
I'm just glad it all worked out.
I'm just following Tom's orders.
I'm just feeling a little sick.
I'm intrigued by your challenge.
I'm hoping we can room together.
I'm here on an unrelated matter.
I'm having trouble believing it.
I'm having lunch with Tom later.
I'm going to trust my instincts.
I'm going to think of something.
I'm going to the police station.
I'm going to tell you the truth.
I'm going to tell you how it is.
I'm going to tell Tom about you.
I'm going to talk to Tom myself.
I'm going to take that as a yes.
I'm going to take some time off.
I'm going to take some pictures.
I'm going to take a closer look.
I'm going to stay here with Tom.
I'm going to sleep here tonight.
I'm going to return this to Tom.
I'm going to need some supplies.
I'm going to need more of these.
I'm going to need a bigger room.
I'm going to name my dog Cookie.
I'm going to hit the sack early.
I'm going to grab a bite to eat.
I'm going to go to the bathroom.
I'm going to go out for a while.
I'm going to go check in on Tom.
I'm going to go call the police.
I'm going to go back to my seat.
I'm going to get some breakfast.
I'm going to close the door now.
I'm going to cancel the meeting.
I'm going to call Tom right now.
I'm going to be on the next bus.
I'm going to be late for dinner.
I'm glad we're all in agreement.
I'm glad to see you're doing OK.
I'm glad I got to see you again.
I'm free for breakfast tomorrow.
I'm exhausted. I'm going to bed.
I'm doing this as fast as I can.
I'm delighted to meet you again.
I'm concerned with Tom's safety.
I'm concerned about your future.
I'm checking out this afternoon.
I'm carrying a knife in my pack.
I'm betting that was Tom's plan.
I'm being given a second chance.
I'm beginning to understand why.
I'm beginning to agree with you.
I'm aware of the risks involved.
I'm asking you to do me a favor.
I'm asking what your opinion is.
I'm asking everyone to stay out.
I'm an old friend of the family.
I'm already in a lot of trouble.
I'm afraid we can't do anything.
I'm afraid that wasn't possible.
I'm afraid of what Tom might do.
I'm afraid it's not that simple.
I'm afraid I owe you an apology.
I'm actually late for a meeting.
I'm about to take Tom to dinner.
I'm a little curious about that.
I'll try to make it before 2:30.
I'll try to do better next time.
I'll tell you when you get here.
I'll tell you when you get back.
I'll tell you what Tom is doing.
I'll tell Tom we'll pick him up.
I'll tell Tom to meet you there.
I'll talk to Tom in the morning.
I'll take real good care of Tom.
I'll take care of it right away.
I'll take care of it personally.
I'll show you where we can hide.
I'll sharpen your knife for you.
I'll send you a progress report.
I'll see you back at the office.
I'll pick you up in ten minutes.
I'll only be a few more minutes.
I'll never forget what happened.
I'll never be able to forget it.
I'll meet you down in the lobby.
I'll meet you back at the hotel.
I'll make another pot of coffee.
I'll let you know when I'm done.
I'll let you know if it happens.
I'll let Tom know you're coming.
I'll leave that decision to you.
I'll keep an eye on Tom for you.
I'll have Tom take a look at it.
I'll have to check the schedule.
I'll have someone take you home.
I'll have somebody come get you.
I'll go get us something to eat.
I'll call you as soon as I know.
I'll be with Tom if you need me.
I'll be upstairs if you need me.
I'll be there in a little while.
I'll be punished for what I did.
I'll be home in time for dinner.
I'll be back as soon as I find Tom.
I'll be able to do it on my own.
I'll accept that responsibility.
I'd still like to work together.
I'd rather not take any chances.
I'd never seen anything like it.
I'd lock my doors if I were you.
I'd listen to Tom if I were you.
I'd heard you'd moved to Boston.
I yelled out the window at Mary.
I wrote Mary to say I was sorry.
I wouldn't recommend doing that.
I wouldn't have anything to say.
I wouldn't feel so bad about it.
I wouldn't dream of telling Tom.
I wouldn't allow that to happen.
I wondered what happened to you.
I wonder why Tom isn't here yet.
I wonder why Tom got so jealous.
I wonder who Tom was talking to.
I wonder where Tom and Mary are.
I wonder what's happened to Tom.
I wonder what Tom meant by that.
I wonder what Tom means by that.
I wonder what Tom is doing here.
I wonder if you'd do me a favor.
I wonder if anybody can help us.
I won't be coming back with Tom.
I woke up with an upset stomach.
I wish you would've stayed home.
I wish you hadn't tried to help.
I wish you didn't have to leave.
I wish we could get out of here.
I wish Tom were here to help us.
I wish I'd done the right thing.
I wish I knew what was going on.
I wish I had something to drink.
I wasn't sure where to find you.
I wasn't sure I could trust you.
I wasn't asking your permission.
I was worried you wouldn't come.
I was trying to prove something.
I was trying not to look at Tom.
I was told you wanted to see me.
I was thirteen when it happened.
I was the only one who survived.
I was surprised to see you here.
I was surprised to be called in.
I was promoted three months ago.
I was just passing through town.
I was just on my way to see you.
I was in a coma for three years.
I was hoping for more than this.
I was going to leave you a note.
I was born and raised in Boston.
I was at a conference last week.
I wanted to sell Tom my old car.
I used to work in a supermarket.
I used to work at a gas station.
I used to live next door to Tom.
I understand you have a problem.
I understand why you were there.
I tried to tell you this before.
I tried to call you from Boston.
I tried not to think about that.
I told you Tom would understand.
I told you Tom looked like John.
I told you to stay in the house.
I told you to stay away from me.
I told you to put it in the car.
I told you I'd take care of Tom.
I told Tom we could do it today.
I told Tom to handle it himself.
I told Tom that was a good idea.
I told Tom not to open the door.
I told Tom I'd be there at 2:30.
I told Tom I wanted him to quit.
I told Tom I had to leave early.
I told Tom his answer was wrong.
I thought you'd be hard at work.
I thought you were leaving town.
I thought you said it was yours.
I thought you needed some sleep.
I thought you missed your train.
I thought we had agreed on this.
I thought that's what we wanted.
I thought that's what we needed.
I thought that was pretty clear.
I thought that was a good thing.
I thought maybe this would help.
I thought maybe this could help.
I thought it was something else.
I thought I'd leave that to you.
I thought I had to do something.
I think I might be out of a job.
I said we aren't going to do it.
I put it back where it belonged.
I promise I won't do that again.
I need to talk to you right now.
I just don't want to go to jail.
I hope Tom will help me do this.
I hope Tom will be at the party.
I haven't eaten since breakfast.
I have some things I need to do.
I had no idea where I should go.
I got to you as soon as I could.
I got in my car and I drove off.
I go out for walks after dinner.
I gave Tom a going-away present.
I doubt it was Tom who did this.
I don't want to eat any of this.
I don't feel much like laughing.
I don't care if you come or not.
I can stay up as late as I want.
I bought this as a gift for Tom.
Have you spoken to Tom recently?
Don't forget to wash your hands.
Don't chew with your mouth open.
Do you know anything about this?
Boston is a very beautiful city.
Are you going to kiss me or not?
Are you going to help me or not?
All of my friends have bicycles.
All my friends can speak French.
You've said very little so far.
You've got to take me with you.
You've been in Boston too long.
You're very strong, aren't you?
You're very good with children.
You're the new guy, aren't you?
You're shivering. Are you cold?
You're not in any trouble, Tom.
You're not getting any younger.
You're a good influence on Tom.
You're a better person than me.
You'll wish you'd gone with us.
You wrote this three years ago.
You wouldn't hit me, would you?
You worked for Tom, didn't you?
You won't believe what I heard.
You won't believe what I found.
You were with me on that night.
You should've stayed in Boston.
You seem to know everyone here.
You know what to do, don't you?
You don't have to wait in line.
Would you shut the gate for me?
Would you mind if I left early?
Would you just get out of here?
Would you help me for a minute?
Would you come with me, please?
Would you come down from there?
Would you be careful with that?
Why don't you wash your dishes?
Why don't you ask Tom directly?
Why do you think Tom said that?
Why do I have to go to my room?
When are you going to get here?
What's your wife's maiden name?
We're very sorry for your loss.
We're not here to buy anything.
We're not doing anything wrong.
We're having a meeting at 2:30.
We wouldn't ask you to do that.
We should've gotten up earlier.
We have an agreement, don't we?
Tom wrote this three weeks ago.
Tom wrote about his experience.
Tom wouldn't accept my apology.
Tom would've tried to stop you.
Tom would be very proud of you.
Tom wondered why Mary was late.
Tom wondered who that lady was.
Tom wondered what he should do.
Tom won't let you in his house.
Tom won't come out of his room.
Tom won't be showing up at all.
Tom won three thousand dollars.
Tom will always be an outsider.
Tom went to the park with Mary.
Tom watched the o'clock news.
Tom was hiding under the table.
Tom was asleep in his quarters.
Tom was afraid to talk to Mary.
Tom wanted to do something fun.
Tom used to play poker with us.
Tom turned on the light switch.
Tom tried to pry the door open.
Tom took good care of everyone.
Tom told Mary what John wanted.
Tom told Mary to stop worrying.
Tom told Mary about his family.
Tom thinks he knows the answer.
Tom takes good care of his car.
Tom switched on the microphone.
Tom suspected Mary was kidding.
Tom stumbled and fell backward.
Tom stayed in his room all day.
Tom spent all night at the bar.
Tom shoved Mary out of his way.
Tom scrubbed the kitchen floor.
Tom said that he hurt all over.
Tom said Mary wasn't his type.
Tom said he'd consider my idea.
Tom said he would talk to Mary.
Tom said he had to leave early.
Tom put the glass on the table.
Tom put his keys in his pocket.
Tom put his bag on the counter.
Tom pretended not to like Mary.
Tom played on his college team.
Tom picked up his bag and left.
Tom owns a house near the lake.
Tom opened the kitchen cabinet.
Tom needed money from the bank.
Tom made Mary something to eat.
Tom loves Mary. I know he does.
Tom looked through the drawers.
Tom looked in the refrigerator.
Tom listened to Mary patiently.
Tom likes to cook Chinese food.
Tom left his apartment at 2:30.
Tom knows what he wants to see.
Tom knows what he wants to say.
Tom knocked Mary to the ground.
Tom jabbed Mary with his elbow.
Tom isn't ready to be a father.
Tom isn't much younger than me.
Tom isn't in any of my classes.
Tom isn't at home, but Mary is.
Tom isn't asking any questions.
Tom is my old college roommate.
Tom is looking for another job.
Tom is kind of angry right now.
Tom is a junior in high school.
Tom is a convicted drug dealer.
Tom is a convicted bank robber.
Tom helped me with my homework.
Tom heard Mary's car drive off.
Tom has never been to a circus.
Tom has good days and bad days.
Tom has a list of things to do.
Tom handed Mary the binoculars.
Tom had a dog on a short leash.
Tom got up and started dancing.
Tom got straight A's in school.
Tom found a chair and sat down.
Tom escorted Mary to the party.
Tom didn't want to leave early.
Tom didn't use to be like that.
Tom didn't know what was wrong.
Tom didn't have anything to do.
Tom didn't feel the earthquake.
Tom did what he was told to do.
Tom declined to be interviewed.
Tom complains about everything.
Tom closed the venetian blinds.
Tom can't wait until next week.
Tom calls Mary once in a while.
Tom became a real estate agent.
Tom backed out of the driveway.
Tom attempted to cheer Mary up.
Tom assumed Mary would be late.
Tom asked me to look in on you.
Tom asked me to look after you.
Tom asked me to help find Mary.
Tom asked Mary what she needed.
Tom asked Mary not to go alone.
Tom asked Mary if she ate pork.
Tom asked how much we had paid.
Tom and Mary found their seats.
Tom and Mary exchanged glances.
Tom and Mary both looked happy.
This was Tom's idea, wasn't it?
This house has three bathrooms.
They wouldn't refund my ticket.
The spare tire is in the trunk.
The police are questioning Tom.
The police are looking for Tom.
The kidnappers blindfolded Tom.
The Jacksons are our neighbors.
The food didn't taste that bad.
The classroom was almost empty.
The book fit into Tom's pocket.
That was too close for comfort.
Someone's on the phone for you.
Parents need a lot of patience.
Let's wrap this up and go home.
Let me get the manager for you.
It's good to be back in Boston.
I've told Tom where to meet us.
I've seen how badly Tom dances.
I've got to go to the bathroom.
I've been kicked out of school.
I've been hanging out with Tom.
I'm watching the football game.
I'm warning you not to do that.
I'm waiting for an explanation.
I'm using the hammer right now.
I'm thinking of writing a book.
I'm the only one you can trust.
I'm the one who's going to die.
I'm the one who's been lied to.
I'm the one Tom wanted to meet.
I'm taking Tom to the hospital.
I'm taking the train to Boston.
I'm surprised to see you again.
I'm surprised to find you here.
I'm surprised it was that easy.
I'm sure you heard all of that.
I'm sure you can figure it out.
I'm sure we could arrange that.
I'm sure Tom's answer is right.
I'm sure Tom will be home soon.
I'm sure Tom will be back soon.
I'm sure Tom knows what to say.
I'm sure Tom is very impressed.
I'm sure Tom had a good reason.
I'm sure Tom doesn't like Mary.
I'm sure that wasn't Tom's dog.
I'm sure I'll manage on my own.
I'm sure I told you about that.
I'm sure I can find everything.
I'm sure glad that's over with.
I'm sure everything will be OK.
I'm supposed to be on duty now.
I'm still working on my report.
I'm still waiting for my money.
I'm still the boss around here.
I'm still going to talk to Tom.
I'm still getting used to that.
I'm starting to agree with you.
I'm sorry, this isn't for sale.
I'm sorry, I couldn't hear you.
I'm sorry, but the answer's no.
I'm sorry, but my answer is no.
I'm sorry, but I can't do that.
I'm sorry if I embarrassed you.
I'm sorry I lied to you before.
I'm sorry I hurt your feelings.
I'm sorry I didn't call sooner.
I'm so much older than you are.
I'm so glad you suggested this.
I'm so glad I could be of help.
I'm slightly worried about Tom.
I'm seriously annoyed with Tom.
I'm sending someone to get you.
I'm seeing Tom again on Monday.
I'm responsible for everything.
I'm really sorry to bother you.
I'm really sorry I doubted you.
I'm pretty sure I can help Tom.
I'm prepared for any situation.
I'm pleased you still remember.
I'm pleased to hear you say so.
I'm only trying to protect you.
I'm only trying to comfort you.
I'm not your assistant anymore.
I'm not worried about anything.
I'm not throwing anything away.
I'm not talking about you, Tom.
I'm not talking about that now.
I'm not taking my eyes off Tom.
I'm not taking calls right now.
I'm not surprised to hear that.
I'm not sure why you came here.
I'm not sure where Tom is from.
I'm not sure I've got it right.
I'm not sure I'll be much help.
I'm not sure how that happened.
I'm not sure anything happened.
I'm not saying it's impossible.
I'm not really that interested.
I'm not ready for a change yet.
I'm not particularly impressed.
I'm not making you do anything.
I'm not interested in politics.
I'm not having second thoughts.
I'm not having dinner with you.
I'm not going to tell Tom that.
I'm not going to take anything.
I'm not going to show you this.
I'm not going to let you do it.
I'm not going to let it happen.
I'm not going to eat that much.
I'm not going to do it anymore.
I'm not going to ask you again.
I'm not feeling so good myself.
I'm not dropping out of school.
I'm not comfortable doing this.
I'm not certain about anything.
I'm not asking your permission.
I'm not allowed to talk to you.
I'm not a hundred percent sure.
I'm never going to get married.
I'm never going back to Boston.
I'm meeting Tom in ten minutes.
I'm leaving this in your hands.
I'm kind of excited about this.
I'm just trying to be thorough.
I'm just telling you the truth.
I'm just sitting here thinking.
I'm just sitting here relaxing.
I'm just an innocent bystander.
I'm inclined to agree with Tom.
I'm in the middle of something.
I'm in the middle of a meeting.
I'm in no position to help you.
I'm in a little bit of trouble.
I'm hoping we can be roommates.
I'm hoping Tom doesn't show up.
I'm having trouble standing up.
I'm having the time of my life.
I'm having a friend over today.
I'm happy to be done with that.
I'm going to wait here for Tom.
I'm going to visit Tom in jail.
I'm going to try something new.
I'm going to take care of this.
I'm going to see what I can do.
I'm going to run a few errands.
I'm going to put on some music.
I'm going to make it up to you.
I'm going to have to work late.
I'm going to go to the airport.
I'm going to go tell everybody.
I'm going to go home right now.
I'm going to go get cleaned up.
I'm going to go find our seats.
I'm going to go feed the ducks.
I'm going to go back to Boston.
I'm going to get ready for bed.
I'm going to get married again.
I'm going to do this by myself.
I'm going to come back for you.
I'm going to check on the kids.
I'm going to check my messages.
I'm going to change my clothes.
I'm going to call you tomorrow.
I'm going to call an ambulance.
I'm going to be talking to Tom.
I'm going to approve your plan.
I'm glad you're feeling better.
I'm glad you told me about Tom.
I'm glad you changed your mind.
I'm glad you accepted my offer.
I'm glad we made some progress.
I'm glad I don't have your job.
I'm glad I could be of service.
I'm glad everything worked out.
I'm getting married in October.
I'm finally where I want to be.
I'm doing this in spite of you.
I'm doing a good job, aren't I?
I'm concerned for Tom's safety.
I'm certainly glad you're here.
I'm bringing Tom along with me.
I'm being treated like a child.
I'm being as clear as I can be.
I'm beginning to lose patience.
I'm as disappointed as you are.
I'm afraid that's not possible.
I'm actually looking for a job.
I'm actually kind of flattered.
I'm a little worried about Tom.
I'm a fairly well-educated guy.
I'll try not to spill anything.
I'll try not to disappoint you.
I'll tell you everything later.
I'll take care of the children.
I'll take care of it from here.
I'll show you what Tom gave me.
I'll see you when you get here.
I'll see you in a little while.
I'll see you back here at 2:30.
I'll see you again before then.
I'll see if Tom is still awake.
I'll put your name on the list.
I'll pay thirty dollars for it.
I'll never listen to Tom again.
I'll never forget what you did.
I'll meet you there in an hour.
I'll meet you by the elevators.
I'll make all the arrangements.
I'll let you know what happens.
I'll help you paint your house.
I'll have to take this with me.
I'll have to mention it to Tom.
I'll have someone look into it.
I'll go tell Tom the good news.
I'll give you as much as I can.
I'll get you anything you want.
I'll get us a couple of drinks.
I'll get Tom to drive you home.
I'll get to the bottom of this.
I'll get my bag out of the car.
I'll get back to you about Tom.
I'll find something else to do.
I'll do whatever I can to help.
I'll do anything I can to help.
I'll decide what is irrelevant.
I'll consider that possibility.
I'll call you in about an hour.
I'll call Tom in a few minutes.
I'll be with Tom if I'm needed.
I'll be thirty in three months.
I'll be there in a few minutes.
I'll be there as fast as I can.
I'll be ready when you need me.
I'll be ready in just a second.
I'll be outside if you need me.
I'll be more careful next time.
I'll be home in a little while.
I'll be here when you get back.
I'll be back there in a second.
I'll be back in twenty minutes.
I'll be along in a few minutes.
I'll answer all your questions.
I'd rather not discuss it here.
I'd never do a thing like that.
I'd like another cup of coffee.
I'd like a moment of your time.
I'd do anything to be with you.
I'd do almost anything for you.
I'd better get back to my desk.
I'd be happy to get it for you.
I wouldn't want you to be late.
I wouldn't let that bother you.
I wouldn't know where to start.
I wouldn't know where to begin.
I wouldn't feel right about it.
I wouldn't do that without you.
I wouldn't do it any other way.
I would've preferred you do it.
I would've done the same thing.
I would be willing to help you.
I worry about you all the time.
I wondered when you would come.
I wonder why Tom was so afraid.
I wonder why Tom hasn't called.
I wonder what Tom's problem is.
I wonder what Tom was thinking.
I wonder what Tom is scared of.
I wonder what Tom has done now.
I wonder how Tom is holding up.
I won't tell Tom you said that.
I won't have time this evening.
I woke up this morning at 6:30.
I wish you could've been there.
I wish we could live in Boston.
I wish Tom could've been there.
I wish I knew what to tell Tom.
I wish I had an answer for you.
I wish I could get out of here.
I wish I could be of more help.
I went to that party by myself.
I went to school with your dad.
I went to high school with Tom.
I went straight home from work.
I watch the news every evening.
I wasn't trying to fool anyone.
I wasn't the one who hired Tom.
I wasn't sure what size to get.
I wasn't interested in the job.
I wasn't going to say anything.
I wasn't expecting you so soon.
I wasn't even sure you knew it.
I was wondering where you went.
I was wondering the same thing.
I was wondering how you'd look.
I was trying to make you laugh.
I was tempted to go home early.
I was talking on my cell phone.
I was studying late last night.
I was really worried about you.
I was only three when Tom died.
I was on my way home from work.
I was just trying to do my job.
I was just trying to be polite.
I was just looking out for Tom.
I was just in the neighborhood.
I was just having a little fun.
I was just doing some research.
I was in my thirties back then.
I was hoping you could help me.
I was hoping I might catch you.
I was getting a little nervous.
I was expecting Tom to be here.
I was convinced Tom was guilty.
I warned you this would happen.
I want to know why you're here.
I want to know what to do next.
I want to know how tall Tom is.
I want nothing to do with this.
I understand Tom has been sick.
I understand that you're angry.
I told you to stay out of this.
I told you to stay in the room.
I told you not to say anything.
I told you it wasn't pointless.
I told Tom to stay in his room.
I told Tom the bank was closed.
I told Tom that was ridiculous.
I told Tom not to drive my car.
I told Tom it was time to quit.
I told Tom I'd changed my mind.
I told Tom I wasn't interested.
I told Mary I wanted a divorce.
I thought you were a scientist.
I thought you needed the sleep.
I thought you might be curious.
I thought you looked depressed.
I thought you enjoyed swimming.
I thought Tom was in Australia.
I thought things were going OK.
I thought that was a good deal.
I thought that was a done deal.
I thought it would be romantic.
I thought it looked suspicious.
I need to know when to show up.
I need to know if you can help.
I had no idea what I should do.
I got there as fast as I could.
I doubt I can get Tom to do it.
I don't want Tom to be unhappy.
I don't want to be in your way.
I don't see why we had to help.
I didn't know Tom was Canadian.
I can almost touch the ceiling.
I came here as fast as I could.
I asked Tom to watch my things.
How long will the meeting last?
Have you seen all these movies?
Have you reconsidered the plan?
Did you speak to Tom yesterday?
Could I help you do the dishes?
Your cell phone's not working.
Your book has changed my life.
You've written a great speech.
You've taught us a great deal.
You've saved Tom's life twice.
You've said that to me before.
You've really helped me today.
You've really done a fine job.
You've often said so yourself.
You've got to get out of here.
You've been following me. Why?
You've all underestimated Tom.
You're wrong not to trust Tom.
You're Tom's boss, aren't you?
You're not listening, are you?
You're not depressed, are you?
You're not asking me, are you?
You're jumping to conclusions.
You're in a hurry, aren't you?
You're a believer, aren't you?
You'll always be Tom's father.
You won't get a second chance.
You won't even know I'm there.
You should've stayed with Tom.
You need to get some exercise.
You love your work, don't you?
You know this song, don't you?
You know about Tom, don't you?
You have a family to think of.
You could've stayed in Boston.
Would you tell Tom we're back?
Would you please speak to Tom?
Would you mind repeating that?
Would you get out of my light?
Will you teach me some French?
Will you teach me how to swim?
Will you be home this evening?
Why aren't you wearing gloves?
What's your girlfriend's name?
We're not supposed to be here.
We're no different, you and I.
We're in love with each other.
We're definitely not a couple.
We're about to have a meeting.
We won't need your help today.
We weren't expecting visitors.
We were so young at that time.
We often play tennis together.
We have to ask everybody this.
We don't have a swimming pool.
Tom's not as bad as you think.
Tom's car was in the driveway.
Tom, your food's getting cold.
Tom writes with his left hand.
Tom wouldn't go back to sleep.
Tom wouldn't actually do that.
Tom would want me to help you.
Tom would never have hurt you.
Tom would never have approved.
Tom would never agree to that.
Tom would make a good teacher.
Tom would like to talk to you.
Tom works at the corner store.
Tom won't talk to me about it.
Tom won't leave Mary with you.
Tom won't know how to do that.
Tom won't have any part of it.
Tom won't get here until 2:30.
Tom won't even talk to me now.
Tom won't be happy to see you.
Tom witnessed the whole thing.
Tom will be asking us to help.
Tom went to his room to study.
Tom went shopping at the mall.
Tom watched Mary with concern.
Tom watched Mary for a moment.
Tom watched for a few moments.
Tom wasn't with us last night.
Tom washes his car every week.
Tom was wounded in the attack.
Tom was making a lot of noise.
Tom was intrigued by the idea.
Tom was carrying a duffel bag.
Tom wants to go, but he can't.
Tom wants my telephone number.
Tom wanted to drink some milk.
Tom wanted something to drink.
Tom walked out of the kitchen.
Tom walked into the drugstore.
Tom walked into his apartment.
Tom walked down to the corner.
Tom walked along the sidewalk.
Tom usually shops at the mall.
Tom used to eat a lot of meat.
Tom turned to Mary and smiled.
Tom tried to start the engine.
Tom tried to solve the puzzle.
Tom tried to catch the rabbit.
Tom told me he was going home.
Tom threw a stick for his dog.
Tom thought that he should go.
Tom thought about it a moment.
Tom thanked Mary for the gift.
Tom stubbed out his cigarette.
Tom stopped what he was doing.
Tom smiled at Mary sheepishly.
Tom shoved Mary into the pool.
Tom screwed in the light bulb.
Tom says he won't get married.
Tom said that was a good idea.
Tom said that he liked skiing.
Tom said he was a new student.
Tom rubbed his hands together.
Tom read Mary a bedtime story.
Tom pretended not to see Mary.
Tom pointed up to the ceiling.
Tom pointed down at his shoes.
Tom often sleeps on the couch.
Tom never saw Mary after that.
Tom never found out the truth.
Tom needed to sweep the floor.
Tom made a sandwich for lunch.
Tom lost his balance and fell.
Tom lied about how old he was.
Tom knocked on the front door.
Tom knew why nobody liked him.
Tom knew what the problem was.
Tom just got back from Boston.
Tom isn't who you think he is.
Tom is working on the problem.
Tom is the only family I have.
Tom is taller than his father.
Tom is still looking for work.
Tom is snoozing in his office.
Tom is sending Mary a message.
Tom is one of my best friends.
Tom is on the phone with Mary.
Tom is not to be trifled with.
Tom is dressed in black today.
Tom is always up to something.
Tom is a friend of the family.
Tom has written several books.
Tom has helped us in the past.
Tom had another glass of wine.
Tom gave me something to read.
Tom escorted Mary to the door.
Tom drove Mary home from work.
Tom downed his drink and left.
Tom dove off the diving board.
Tom didn't want to go to jail.
Tom didn't look in the mirror.
Tom decided to sell his house.
Tom couldn't wait to get home.
Tom could've stayed in Boston.
Tom complained about the food.
Tom changed into his swimsuit.
Tom called up his friend Mary.
Tom buttered a slice of bread.
Tom breathed a sigh of relief.
Tom bought a hot dog for Mary.
Tom begged me to take the job.
Tom begged me not to hurt him.
Tom began to open the present.
Tom became even more agitated.
Tom ate a hamburger for lunch.
Tom asked the wrong questions.
Tom asked me to tell you that.
Tom asked me to meet him here.
Tom asked me to give you this.
Tom asked Mary to forgive him.
Tom asked Mary to cook dinner.
Tom asked Mary for assistance.
Tom appears unwilling to help.
Tom appears to be quite upset.
Tom appears to be disoriented.
Tom announced he was retiring.
Tom and Mary both looked busy.
Tom and Mary are best friends.
This is Tom's shirt, not mine.
They wrote that song together.
They won't bother you anymore.
There seems to be no one here.
The sun has already gone down.
The party started an hour ago.
That's the solution, isn't it?
That's the question, isn't it?
Roses are my favorite flowers.
Please take me to the station.
None of the windows were open.
Maybe we'll see some dolphins.
Mary went to the beauty salon.
Make sure you're here on time.
Let me give you some pointers.
It snowed for three more days.
It didn't use to be like this.
I've studied French for years.
I'm willing to take that risk.
I'm very motivated to do that.
I'm unfamiliar with that word.
I'm unfamiliar with that term.
I'm trying to save Tom's life.
I'm trying to meet a deadline.
I'm trying to get out of here.
I'm trying to clean the house.
I'm tired of dealing with you.
I'm tired of covering for you.
I'm tired of being your slave.
I'm taking everything with me.
I'm taking a leave of absence.
I'm surprised you missed that.
I'm surprised you don't agree.
I'm sure you've misunderstood.
I'm sure you're not surprised.
I'm sure you'll figure it out.
I'm sure you'll do a good job.
I'm sure you'll be happy here.
I'm sure you'll be good at it.
I'm sure you know what I mean.
I'm sure we can figure it out.
I'm sure we all feel that way.
I'm sure Tom would understand.
I'm sure Tom will work it out.
I'm sure Tom will get over it.
I'm sure Tom will forgive you.
I'm sure Tom will do the same.
I'm sure Tom will be thrilled.
I'm sure Tom will be relieved.
I'm sure Tom will arrive soon.
I'm sure Tom wasn't surprised.
I'm sure Tom understands this.
I'm sure Tom understands that.
I'm sure Tom meant to do that.
I'm sure Tom meant no offense.
I'm sure Tom is going to help.
I'm sure Tom is aware of that.
I'm sure Tom had to work late.
I'm sure Tom can arrange that.
I'm sure Tom appreciates that.
I'm sure they're on their way.
I'm sure they're not after us.
I'm sure there's a connection.
I'm sure the two of you agree.
I'm sure that's not necessary.
I'm sure that I can handle it.
I'm sure it's nothing serious.
I'm sure it could be arranged.
I'm sure I turned off the gas.
I'm sure everyone understands.
I'm still not sure what to do.
I'm sorry, I really messed up.
I'm sorry, I meant no offence.
I'm sorry, I forgot your name.
I'm sorry, I didn't hear that.
I'm sorry to bother you again.
I'm sorry if I frightened you.
I'm sorry I missed your party.
I'm sorry I let everyone down.
I'm sorry I had to lie to you.
I'm sorry I got you into this.
I'm sorry I couldn't help you.
I'm sorry I called you a liar.
I'm sorry for shouting at you.
I'm sorry about what happened.
I'm so glad you could make it.
I'm really not much of a cook.
I'm really good with children.
I'm really glad you came over.
I'm really glad you called me.
I'm really excited about that.
I'm ready to leave this place.
I'm pretty sure I'll be there.
I'm only here for the weekend.
I'm on the phone with Tom now.
I'm on my way to meet Tom now.
I'm not very hungry right now.
I'm not very good at goodbyes.
I'm not very easily impressed.
I'm not trying to control you.
I'm not the one who should go.
I'm not taking anyone with me.
I'm not sure we can trust Tom.
I'm not sure Tom did anything.
I'm not sure this is the time.
I'm not sure it's a good idea.
I'm not sure I'd be much help.
I'm not sure I see your point.
I'm not sure I agree with you.
I'm not sure how to take that.
I'm not really good with kids.
I'm not looking for a partner.
I'm not leaving the door open.
I'm not here to cause trouble.
I'm not having lunch with Tom.
I'm not going to take the job.
I'm not going to say it again.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to let you down.
I'm not going to discuss this.
I'm not giving up that easily.
I'm not feeling so hot myself.
I'm not cleaning up that mess.
I'm not asking you to babysit.
I'm not afraid of you anymore.
I'm no longer working for Tom.
I'm never going to let you go.
I'm meeting Tom for breakfast.
I'm looking for Tom right now.
I'm just tired of standing up.
I'm just surprised to see you.
I'm just saying it's possible.
I'm just not attracted to you.
I'm just doing what I have to.
I'm just as scared as you are.
I'm investigating the options.
I'm interested in helping Tom.
I'm in enough trouble already.
I'm in charge of this mission.
I'm hoping Tom will call soon.
I'm here on official business.
I'm here if you need anything.
I'm here for personal reasons.
I'm headed to the supermarket.
I'm headed back to the office.
I'm having a really good time.
I'm grateful that you're safe.
I'm going up to Tom's bedroom.
I'm going to write Tom a note.
I'm going to try to find help.
I'm going to tell you a story.
I'm going to take care of you.
I'm going to see Tom tomorrow.
I'm going to protect you, Tom.
I'm going to miss you so much.
I'm going to look for Tom now.
I'm going to have to tell Tom.
I'm going to have a good time.
I'm going to go wash up first.
I'm going to go wash my hands.
I'm going to go sit in my car.
I'm going to go over to Tom's.
I'm going to go get some help.
I'm going to go get some food.
I'm going to go find a doctor.
I'm going to give them to you.
I'm going to get some shuteye.
I'm going to be on television.
I'm going to be a millionaire.
I'm going back home to Boston.
I'm glad you're here now, Tom.
I'm glad you're enjoying this.
I'm glad you liked my friends.
I'm glad you agreed to see me.
I'm glad we were able to help.
I'm glad to hear you say that.
I'm giving you a direct order.
I'm getting married on Monday.
I'm free every day but Monday.
I'm doing the very best I can.
I'm coming over to your place.
I'm closer to Tom than anyone.
I'm carrying out Tom's orders.
I'm canceling class next week.
I'm being charged with murder.
I'm beginning to not like you.
I'm beginning to get the idea.
I'm beginning to enjoy myself.
I'm aware of what is at stake.
I'm aware of the difficulties.
I'm aware of that possibility.
I'm asking you what you think.
I'm amazed Tom is still alive.
I'm against the death penalty.
I'm afraid you can't go there.
I'm afraid we can't stay here.
I'm afraid I can't allow that.
I'm about as qualified as Tom.
I'm a lot bigger than you are.
I'll wait thirty more minutes.
I'll try to keep that in mind.
I'll tell you when I get back.
I'll tell you what's going on.
I'll tell Tom to stay outside.
I'll tell Tom that's not true.
I'll teach you how to do that.
I'll take you to the hospital.
I'll take whatever you've got.
I'll take care of it tomorrow.
I'll see you when I get there.
I'll see you in a couple days.
I'll see Tom tomorrow morning.
I'll save you a piece of cake.
I'll need some help with this.
I'll meet you later for lunch.
I'll meet you at the hospital.
I'll meet Tom some other time.
I'll make us something to eat.
I'll make it worth your while.
I'll let you get back to work.
I'll let Tom know you're here.
I'll help you clean your room.
I'll have Tom take care of it.
I'll have to think about that.
I'll have to study it further.
I'll have to get used to that.
I'll have it done before 2:30.
I'll go talk to Tom right now.
I'll go back to work tomorrow.
I'll give you a call tomorrow.
I'll get you a glass of water.
I'll get Tom's number for you.
I'll get Tom to stay with you.
I'll get to it in the morning.
I'll find out what's going on.
I'll explain everything later.
I'll do your homework for you.
I'll do that as soon as I can.
I'll discuss it with my staff.
I'll determine how we proceed.
I'll deal with you both later.
I'll continue to offer advice.
I'll check in on you tomorrow.
I'll call you when I need you.
I'll call you in a little bit.
I'll call if I learn anything.
I'll be waiting right outside.
I'll be there in five minutes.
I'll be there in a little bit.
I'll be sure to remember that.
I'll be looking forward to it.
I'll be home right after work.
I'll be home as soon as I can.
I'll be heading back home now.
I'll be back in just a second.
I'll be back in a month or so.
I'll be back as soon as I can.
I'll be all right in a minute.
I'll always have time for you.
I'd say Tom is pushing thirty.
I'd rather tell Tom in person.
I'd rather not discuss it now.
I'd rather get this over with.
I'd like another one of these.
I'd completely forgotten that.
I'd better take you back home.
I'd better let you get to bed.
I'd be glad to do it tomorrow.
I'd appreciate an explanation.
I'd advise you to do the same.
I wrote this three months ago.
I wouldn't know where to look.
I wouldn't be so sure of that.
I wonder why Tom was so angry.
I wonder why Tom isn't hungry.
I wonder who brought the cake.
I wonder where this road goes.
I wonder where that came from.
I wonder what Tom plans to do.
I wonder what Tom is thinking.
I wonder what Tom is planning.
I wonder what that's used for.
I wonder if you could help us.
I wonder if you can assist me.
I wonder if this really works.
I wonder if maybe I should go.
I wonder if I should warn Tom.
I wonder if I can do it again.
I wonder how Tom is taking it.
I won't tell Tom if you won't.
I won't take no for an answer.
I won't discuss this with Tom.
I wished I'd known Tom better.
I wish you'd stop saying that.
I wish you'd stop asking that.
I wish you'd said that before.
I wish Tom were more like you.
I wish to see Tom immediately.
I wish there were another way.
I wish the pain would go away.
I wish I'd kept my mouth shut.
I wish I were there right now.
I wish I knew how to help you.
I wish I knew how this worked.
I wish I could've done more.
I went to the Jacksons' house.
I wasn't supposed to be there.
I wasn't looking for anything.
I wasn't going to kill myself.
I wasn't going to do anything.
I wasn't expecting to see you.
I wasn't even conscious of it.
I wasn't doing anything wrong.
I was wondering what that was.
I was with Tom this afternoon.
I was under a lot of pressure.
I was trying to tell Tom that.
I was trying to get some help.
I was thinking the same thing.
I was thinking of getting one.
I was the last one to see Tom.
I was tempted to call in sick.
I was sure we could trust Tom.
I was starting to get worried.
I was sorry to hear about Tom.
I was only kidding about that.
I was only gone a few minutes.
I was on the road last summer.
I was looking forward to this.
I was just trying to remember.
I was just trying to be funny.
I was just thinking about Tom.
I was just stretching my legs.
I was just doing some reading.
I was hoping to hear from you.
I was hoping to find you here.
I was home-schooled by my mom.
I was having trouble sleeping.
I was going to visit a friend.
I was going to tell the truth.
I was going to do that anyway.
I was going to call Tom today.
I was as surprised as anybody.
I warned you not to trust Tom.
I want to show Tom he's wrong.
I want to leave this box here.
I want to know where you live.
I want to check something out.
I want nothing to do with Tom.
I used to want more than this.
I used to live near the ocean.
I understand why you're angry.
I understand how hard this is.
I trust Tom as much as anyone.
I tried to get Tom to help us.
I tried not to think about it.
I tried not to make any noise.
I took a long nap after lunch.
I told you to get out of here.
I told you that I didn't know.
I told you not to talk to Tom.
I told Tom you went home sick.
I told Tom to wait over there.
I told Tom to wait in the car.
I told Tom not to tell anyone.
I told Tom I'm not interested.
I told Tom I'd think about it.
I told Tom I'd finish up here.
I told Tom exactly what I saw.
I told Tom and Mary about you.
I told Tom about it yesterday.
I thought you were on my side.
I thought you were a Canadian.
I thought you understood that.
I thought you needed the rest.
I thought you might be hungry.
I thought you loved chocolate.
I thought you liked everybody.
I thought you came to see Tom.
I thought we'd be home by now.
I thought Tom should tell you.
I thought this was a hospital.
I thought that was impossible.
I thought it was pretty scary.
I thought I'd lost everything.
I thought I'd left it at home.
I thought I put it in the car.
I thought I heard you come in.
I suppose you want to go home.
I suppose you want to eat now.
I saw Tom with a group of men.
I remember where we first met.
I know that Mary is beautiful.
I hope I can keep up with you.
I have no one else to talk to.
I have a doctor's appointment.
I had no idea you worked here.
I don't think you'd like that.
I don't see why I had to help.
I don't do that kind of thing.
I don't care if you go or not.
I bought a pair of sunglasses.
I always pay the rent on time.
Everyone jumped into the pool.
Do you want any of this stuff?
Do you know where my keys are?
Do you know anything about it?
Both of them started laughing.
Aren't you going to report it?
Are you going to be all right?
Accidents happen all the time.
Your reputation precedes you.
You've told Tom, haven't you?
You've lied about everything.
You've got to let me go home.
You're unusually quiet today.
You're not a millionaire yet.
You're about three days late.
You're a good assistant, Tom.
You're a better shot than me.
You're a bad boy, aren't you?
You'll have to be the leader.
You worry too much about Tom.
You won't tell Tom, will you?
You won't leave me, will you?
You won't hurt Tom, will you?
You won't get away with this.
You won't be able to help us.
You weren't paying attention.
You should double-check that.
You have thirty minutes left.
Would you stop staring at me?
Would you please check those?
Would you ask Tom to join us?
Would you close the door, please?
Why would I want to help you?
Why aren't you wearing a tie?
Where does Tom eat breakfast?
What's your boyfriend's name?
What's Tom complaining about?
What's the ambassador's name?
What're your recommendations?
We wouldn't like to lose you.
We work at the same hospital.
We won't let it happen again.
We swim together once a week.
We know very little about it.
We have all the time we need.
We don't have any more sugar.
Tom's friends laughed at him.
Tom's favorite color is blue.
Tom's car is in the driveway.
Tom yelled at Mary in French.
Tom wrote to Mary every week.
Tom wrote Mary a long letter.
Tom wouldn't return my calls.
Tom wouldn't go out with you.
Tom wouldn't even talk to me.
Tom wouldn't even discuss it.
Tom wouldn't do that to Mary.
Tom wouldn't do that for you.
Tom would never kill himself.
Tom works for the government.
Tom works for an oil company.
Tom wondered what that meant.
Tom won't talk to me anymore.
Tom won't know how to use it.
Tom won't help you, you know.
Tom won't care what we think.
Tom won't be here next month.
Tom won't be back for a week.
Tom won't be at school today.
Tom wishes to speak with you.
Tom will have to be replaced.
Tom will be home by midnight.
Tom will be here in a minute.
Tom will be down in a minute.
Tom will be back in a moment.
Tom watched Mary as she left.
Tom watched from the doorway.
Tom wasn't very enthusiastic.
Tom wasn't allowed to see it.
Tom was sitting on the floor.
Tom was harboring a fugitive.
Tom wanted to make a snowman.
Tom wanted to live on a farm.
Tom wanted to go for a drive.
Tom walked down the sidewalk.
Tom walked down the corridor.
Tom waited for Mary to leave.
Tom waited for Mary to begin.
Tom usually gets what he wants.
Tom unscrewed the light bulb.
Tom turned the light back on.
Tom turned on the table lamp.
Tom turned on the headlights.
Tom turned on his flashlight.
Tom told Mary what not to do.
Tom told Mary to stop eating.
Tom thought that was amusing.
Tom started yelling for help.
Tom spent three weeks in bed.
Tom signaled Mary with a nod.
Tom shuffled across the room.
Tom showed Mary John's photo.
Tom shoved Mary out the door.
Tom sent me a Christmas gift.
Tom says he'll come tomorrow.
Tom sat with Mary on a bench.
Tom sat at the kitchen table.
Tom sat at the bar with Mary.
Tom said Mary did a good job.
Tom said he didn't like cats.
Tom rushed out of the office.
Tom rushed down the corridor.
Tom ran out of the classroom.
Tom pushed Mary into the room.
Tom pushed Mary off the pier.
Tom owes Mary a lot of money.
Tom opened all three letters.
Tom needed to see the doctor.
Tom listened to Mary singing.
Tom likes to climb the trees.
Tom lies to you all the time.
Tom knows about this already.
Tom jumped out of the window.
Tom isn't paying us anything.
Tom isn't much older than me.
Tom is working on a new song.
Tom is waiting for an answer.
Tom is slowly getting better.
Tom is here in this hospital.
Tom is growing a beard again.
Tom is getting ready for bed.
Tom is angry and embarrassed.
Tom is also a very good cook.
Tom is a special-needs child.
Tom is a bit younger than me.
Tom hasn't paid his rent yet.
Tom has three months to live.
Tom has nothing left to sell.
Tom has a contagious disease.
Tom got in the car with Mary.
Tom gave Mary John's message.
Tom finally went to a doctor.
Tom excused himself and left.
Tom drove to the supermarket.
Tom drew a gun and shot Mary.
Tom doesn't know how to cook.
Tom doesn't have any friends.
Tom didn't know where he was.
Tom couldn't take it anymore.
Tom barely had time to react.
Tom ate breakfast by himself.
Tom asked us to arrive early.
Tom asked too many questions.
Tom asked me to talk to Mary.
Tom asked me to protect Mary.
Tom asked me to help him out.
Tom asked me to go with Mary.
Tom asked Mary to scoot over.
Tom asked Mary to quiet down.
Tom asked Mary out to dinner.
Tom appears to have vanished.
Tom appears to have given up.
Tom answered Mary's question.
Tom angrily shoved Mary away.
Tom angrily pushed Mary away.
Tom and Mary weren't with me.
Tom and Mary switched places.
Tom and Mary played checkers.
Tom and Mary both looked sad.
Tom and Mary arrived at 2:30.
This shouldn't take too long.
This is the captain speaking.
They're all wearing name tags.
They don't have enough money.
The walls were painted white.
That's the problem, isn't it?
That wouldn't change a thing.
That was the plan, wasn't it?
That was the idea, wasn't it?
Some of us have things to do.
Maybe I shouldn't drive home.
Mary has curlers in her hair.
It's going to be a good year.
I've already thought of that.
I'm worried about everything.
I'm willing to give it a try.
I'm waiting to hear from Tom.
I'm waiting for Tom to leave.
I'm waiting for a phone call.
I'm very sorry for your loss.
I'm very allergic to peanuts.
I'm tying up some loose ends.
I'm trying to understand you.
I'm trying to save your life.
I'm trying to keep you alive.
I'm trying to keep Tom alive.
I'm trying to get some sleep.
I'm trying to get into shape.
I'm trying to find some help.
I'm trying to do you a favor.
I'm Tom and I'm an alcoholic.
I'm the last one who saw Tom.
I'm talking to Tom right now.
I'm taking my coffee with me.
I'm surprised Tom isn't here.
I'm sure your folks miss you.
I'm sure you'll be just fine.
I'm sure you understand that.
I'm sure Tom would like that.
I'm sure Tom will understand.
I'm sure Tom misses you, too.
I'm sure Tom is exaggerating.
I'm sure Tom had his reasons.
I'm sure Tom got the message.
I'm sure that's not the case.
I'm sure that was the reason.
I'm sure it's just temporary.
I'm sure it'll come in handy.
I'm sure everyone understood.
I'm still thinking about Tom.
I'm still not used to it yet.
I'm still not talking to you.
I'm still getting used to it.
I'm starting a new job today.
I'm speaking from experience.
I'm sorry you had to do that.
I'm sorry if I disturbed you.
I'm sorry I wasted your time.
I'm sorry I ever doubted you.
I'm sorry for what I've done.
I'm so glad you're here, Tom.
I'm so glad you are all here.
I'm so glad that you're here.
I'm simply stating the facts.
I'm seeing Tom again tonight.
I'm saving this seat for Tom.
I'm saving the best for last.
I'm running for city council.
I'm really worried about Tom.
I'm really good with animals.
I'm really going to miss you.
I'm pleased to have you here.
I'm picking up Tom for lunch.
I'm on my way to pick Tom up.
I'm on my way back to Boston.
I'm offering to help you now.
I'm not your teacher anymore.
I'm not willing to risk that.
I'm not telling you her name.
I'm not taking anyone's side.
I'm not sure what to believe.
I'm not sure that's possible.
I'm not sure how to put this.
I'm not sure anyone can help.
I'm not saying anything else.
I'm not responsible for this.
I'm not ready to give up yet.
I'm not particularly worried.
I'm not one of your students.
I'm not one of your soldiers.
I'm not one of your patients.
I'm not here to hurt anybody.
I'm not going to turn you in.
I'm not going to turn Tom in.
I'm not going to Tom's party.
I'm not going to talk to you.
I'm not going to talk to Tom.
I'm not going to forgive you.
I'm not going to forget this.
I'm not going to fool myself.
I'm not going to do it again.
I'm not going to do anything.
I'm not going to answer that.
I'm not going back to Boston.
I'm not forgetting about you.
I'm not doing this for money.
I'm not cut out for all this.
I'm not certain Tom is happy.
I'm no longer your assistant.
I'm little worried about Tom.
I'm just waiting for someone.
I'm just looking out for you.
I'm just looking out for Tom.
I'm just here to talk to Tom.
I'm just having a little fun.
I'm just a concerned citizen.
I'm here to take care of you.
I'm having problems with Tom.
I'm going with Tom to Boston.
I'm going upstairs to change.
I'm going to wait until 2:30.
I'm going to wait in the car.
I'm going to take you to Tom.
I'm going to take care of it.
I'm going to stretch my legs.
I'm going to see if it works.
I'm going to really miss Tom.
I'm going to prove it to you.
I'm going to need some money.
I'm going to make you a list.
I'm going to make some calls.
I'm going to make some bread.
I'm going to leave a message.
I'm going to go wash my hair.
I'm going to go check on Tom.
I'm going to give Tom a bath.
I'm going to get us some tea.
I'm going to get there first.
I'm going to get some coffee.
I'm going to get out of here.
I'm going to follow Tom home.
I'm going to fix you a drink.
I'm going to fix some dinner.
I'm going to figure this out.
I'm going to do some reading.
I'm going to check in on Tom.
I'm going to call the police.
I'm going to call it a night.
I'm going to buy you a watch.
I'm going to Boston with Tom.
I'm going to be your teacher.
I'm going back to the office.
I'm glad you're here with me.
I'm glad you're doing better.
I'm glad you weren't injured.
I'm glad you see it that way.
I'm glad you got to meet Tom.
I'm glad you didn't call Tom.
I'm glad you decided to come.
I'm glad to see you're happy.
I'm glad to finally meet you.
I'm glad things went so well.
I'm glad that you understand.
I'm glad someone understands.
I'm giving my old books away.
I'm fully aware of that fact.
I'm forced to agree with Tom.
I'm filling in for Tom today.
I'm filling in for Tom again.
I'm doing this for my family.
I'm doing it in spite of you.
I'm disappointed in you, Tom.
I'm dating a girl named Mary.
I'm confused enough as it is.
I'm confident Tom can fix it.
I'm calling in sick tomorrow.
I'm beginning to smell a rat.
I'm beginning to get curious.
I'm beginning to feel stupid.
I'm aware of the possibility.
I'm auditioning for the part.
I'm at the hospital with Tom.
I'm at the airport right now.
I'm assuming you have a plan.
I'm asking you for your help.
I'm as ready as I'll ever be.
I'm afraid you can't do that.
I'm afraid we're out of time.
I'm afraid we have no choice.
I'm afraid we have a problem.
I'm afraid we can't help you.
I'm afraid that's impossible.
I'm afraid of the same thing.
I'm afraid I've got bad news.
I'm afraid I'm not available.
I'm afraid I have work to do.
I'm actually looking for Tom.
I'm absolutely certain of it.
I'm a little short this week.
I'm a little out of practice.
I'm a little behind schedule.
I'll try to be there by 2:30.
I'll try to be more like you.
I'll try to be more like Tom.
I'll tell you when I see you.
I'll tell you if you help me.
I'll tell Tom to contact you.
I'll tell Tom this afternoon.
I'll take whatever I can get.
I'll take care of everything.
I'll take anything I can get.
I'll see you when I get back.
I'll see you at the hospital.
I'll see what I can find out.
I'll see if I can find a map.
I'll see if I can find a cab.
I'll phone you when I arrive.
I'll never talk to Tom again.
I'll never forget Tom's face.
I'll never be as rich as Tom.
I'll never be as cool as Tom.
I'll need about five minutes.
I'll need a receipt for that.
I'll meet you at the station.
I'll meet Tom at the library.
I'll make sure Tom gets this.
I'll make sure Tom finds out.
I'll look into it right away.
I'll let you go back to work.
I'll let Tom know you called.
I'll have to try another way.
I'll have to take my chances.
I'll have to get back to you.
I'll have someone to help me.
I'll go with you if you like.
I'll go tell Tom we're ready.
I'll give you thirty minutes.
I'll give you thirty dollars.
I'll give you another minute.
I'll get to that in a moment.
I'll find what I need myself.
I'll explain it to you later.
I'll do it if you don't mind.
I'll come visit you tomorrow.
I'll come right to the point.
I'll come back for you later.
I'll call you when I'm ready.
I'll call you in the morning.
I'll call if I hear anything.
I'll call if I find anything.
I'll bring it to your office.
I'll be with you in a moment.
I'll be with you in a minute.
I'll be where you can see me.
I'll be waiting in the lobby.
I'll be up all night working.
I'll be sure to let Tom know.
I'll be in there in a minute.
I'll be in the lobby waiting.
I'll be here waiting for you.
I'll be back in five minutes.
I'll be back in about a week.
I'll be back in a little bit.
I'll be back in a few months.
I'll always take care of you.
I'd stand back if I were you.
I'd say that about covers it.
I'd recommend not doing that.
I'd rather not talk about it.
I'd never ask you to do that.
I'd much rather go by myself.
I'd like to wash up if I may.
I'd forgotten all about that.
I'd be worried if I were you.
I'd advise you to let Tom go.
I wrote down the information.
I wouldn't mind some company.
I wouldn't leave without you.
I would've taken care of Tom.
I would've done that for you.
I would be happy to help you.
I would appreciate your help.
I worry about that sometimes.
I work nights as a paramedic.
I work for somebody else now.
I wonder why Tom is so happy.
I wonder why the bus is late.
I wonder whose idea this was.
I wonder what Tom will think.
I wonder what scared Tom off.
I wonder if Tom plays tennis.
I wonder if Tom is all right.
I won't take this lying down.
I won't stay and be captured.
I won't answer your question.
I won't allow that to happen.
I won second prize last year.
I woke up thirty minutes ago.
I wish you'd quit doing that.
I wish you'd never come here.
I wish you could stay longer.
I wish you could go with Tom.
I wish you could accept that.
I wish we could just ask Tom.
I wish to be candid with you.
I wish things were different.
I wish that I could help you.
I wish it had been that easy.
I wish I were going with you.
I wish I could talk about it.
I wish I could stay with you.
I wish I could've seen Tom.
I wish I could come with you.
I wasn't sure what you meant.
I wasn't supposed to say yes.
I wasn't going to mention it.
I wasn't expecting you today.
I was visiting Tom in Boston.
I was unaware of the problem.
I was unable to prevent this.
I was trying to get it right.
I was told you were reliable.
I was told Tom would be here.
I was looking for the remote.
I was just talking about you.
I was just talking about Tom.
I was just going to call you.
I was just coming to get you.
I was just blowing off steam.
I was just about to call you.
I was in the top of my class.
I was in bed when you phoned.
I was hoping you could do it.
I was hoping to surprise Tom.
I was having dinner with Tom.
I was at home the whole time.
I warned Tom not to eat that.
I wanted to apologize to Tom.
I want to have a look around.
I usually don't wear a watch.
I understand why you're here.
I try to eat a balanced diet.
I took a shower this morning.
I told you Tom would love it.
I told you Tom would be back.
I told you Tom was dangerous.
I told you to do your chores.
I told you this would happen.
I told you I locked the door.
I told Tom what was going on.
I told Tom what time to come.
I told Tom what the plan was.
I told Tom what Mary told me.
I told Tom we would help him.
I told Tom I'd be right back.
I told Tom I was just joking.
I told Tom I needed some air.
I told the police all I know.
I thought you were different.
I thought you studied French.
I thought you said something.
I thought you might not come.
I thought you might back out.
I thought you might ask that.
I thought you loved swimming.
I thought you knew this area.
I thought you hated red wine.
I thought we were having fun.
I thought Tom would never go.
I thought Tom was a teenager.
I thought Tom was a musician.
I thought this was important.
I thought they'd never leave.
I thought it might save time.
I plan to tell Tom about you.
I need to know more about it.
I know when your birthday is.
I had a lot of fun yesterday.
I got an A on my book report.
I don't want to go to Boston.
I don't want to miss happy hour.
I don't think you'd enjoy it.
I don't know where I'll live.
I came here when I was a kid.
How many lifeboats are there?
Don't forget to feed the dog.
Do you want anything special?
Do you want another sandwich?
Do you know what his name is?
Could you give me an example?
Can I talk to you in private?
Can I pay you back on Monday?
Aren't you going to share it?
All my friends have bicycles.
Your room is always so neat.
You've told me that already.
You've seen what Tom can do.
You've probably heard of us.
You've probably heard of me.
You've got to be reasonable.
You've already told me that.
You're with Tom, aren't you?
You're very important to us.
You're not serious, are you?
You're not leaving, are you?
You're not a very good liar.
You're finished, aren't you?
You're acting like an idiot.
You're a member, aren't you?
You'll have to ask Tom that.
You wouldn't stand a chance.
You won't need a coat today.
You wished to speak with me?
You were angry, weren't you?
You signed for the delivery.
You should find another job.
You haven't changed one bit.
You have very little choice.
You can't stay here anymore.
You can't live here anymore.
Would you move back, please?
Would you help me move this?
Would you follow me, please?
Why doesn't Tom like Boston?
Who's going to pay the bill?
Who makes breakfast for Tom?
Where did Tom get that idea?
When does Tom eat breakfast?
What's the assistant's name?
What're you guys doing here?
What do you know about this?
We're very sorry about that.
We're not letting anyone go.
We're not in school anymore.
We're not all students here.
We're all very good players.
We're about to have company.
We'll work on this tomorrow.
We'll reconvene after lunch.
We'll have to be very quiet.
We'll all be there together.
We won't be here after 2:30.
We take long walks together.
We play basketball together.
We know everything you know.
We have no right to do that.
Tom's room isn't very large.
Tom's birthday is next week.
Tom's a good-hearted person.
Tom's a first-time offender.
Tom, you're way ahead of me.
Tom wouldn't walk out on me.
Tom wouldn't stand a chance.
Tom wouldn't murder anybody.
Tom wouldn't have said that.
Tom wouldn't have done that.
Tom wouldn't be that stupid.
Tom would never hurt anyone.
Tom would be a good teacher.
Tom wondered where Mary was.
Tom won't know what hit him.
Tom won't be here that long.
Tom wished Mary would leave.
Tom will handle the details.
Tom will be home any minute.
Tom will be here any minute.
Tom watched from a distance.
Tom wasn't sure where to go.
Tom wasn't paying attention.
Tom was supposed to be here.
Tom was a real estate agent.
Tom wants to know your name.
Tom wanted to drive the car.
Tom wanted to be a mechanic.
Tom wanted something to eat.
Tom walked out of the house.
Tom walked around the store.
Tom waited for the elevator.
Tom turned on the hot water.
Tom turned off the computer.
Tom turned off his computer.
Tom tumbled down the stairs.
Tom took his dog for a walk.
Tom told me Mary is in jail.
Tom told Mary what John did.
Tom told Mary what happened.
Tom told Mary to be patient.
Tom told Mary he was hungry.
Tom told Mary about his day.
Tom told Mary a funny story.
Tom threw Mary the baseball.
Tom switched on the machine.
Tom spoke to Mary in French.
Tom sat on his father's lap.
Tom sat at his desk working.
Tom said he liked rain.
Tom said he'd be right over.
Tom said goodnight to Mary.
Tom refused to eat anything.
Tom probably knew who I was.
Tom poured Mary some coffee.
Tom passed out on the floor.
Tom opened a bottle of wine.
Tom often screens his calls.
Tom noticed Mary was crying.
Tom needs money for college.
Tom needed something to eat.
Tom met Mary at the airport.
Tom made you cry, didn't he?
Tom likes reading magazines.
Tom knows what he has to do.
Tom knows this is the truth.
Tom kept checking his watch.
Tom jumped out of the plane.
Tom isn't dating anyone now.
Tom is younger than you are.
Tom is still in the kitchen.
Tom is relocating to Boston.
Tom is out grocery shopping.
Tom is Mary's new boyfriend.
Tom is in the driver's seat.
Tom is friendly to everyone.
Tom is angry and frustrated.
Tom is always late to class.
Tom is always home at night.
Tom is a pretty good tailor.
Tom is a little embarrassed.
Tom is a little disoriented.
Tom is a good tennis player.
Tom is a friend of my dad's.
Tom has everything he wants.
Tom has everything he needs.
Tom has a smile on his face.
Tom had nothing else to say.
Tom had a drink in his hand.
Tom had a bruise on his arm.
Tom giggled and Mary smiled.
Tom filled the car with gas.
Tom doesn't like to be cold.
Tom dislocated his shoulder.
Tom didn't suspect anything.
Tom didn't obey his parents.
Tom declined the invitation.
Tom crawled under the fence.
Tom couldn't smell anything.
Tom collapsed to the ground.
Tom climbed out of the pool.
Tom chuckled at Mary's joke.
Tom checked his phone again.
Tom bought a drink for Mary.
Tom borrowed $from Mary.
Tom asked to be driven home.
Tom asked me to protect you.
Tom asked me to go with him.
Tom asked me the same thing.
Tom asked Mary to come home.
Tom asked if you'd be there.
Tom asked if he was invited.
Tom asked for my assistance.
Tom asked for Mary's advice.
Tom asked everyone to leave.
Tom appeared out of nowhere.
Tom appeared a moment later.
Tom anxiously looked around.
Tom answered his front door.
Tom answered his cell phone.
Tom angrily closed the door.
This isn't the way to do it.
They're a couple of hippies.
They're a couple of cowards.
They're a bunch of windbags.
They'll all be here tonight.
The police took Tom to jail.
The mountains are beautiful.
The car stereo doesn't work.
That's everything, isn't it?
That isn't necessary, is it?
Tell Tom to be here by 2:30.
Someone's in the other room.
Someone tried to poison Tom.
Obviously, it's not working.
Maybe I shouldn't have come.
Mary hit Tom with her purse.
It's not as bad as it looks.
I've told Tom where Mary is.
I'm worried about everybody.
I'm working on it right now.
I'm willing to try anything.
I'm well aware of the facts.
I'm watching the game on TV.
I'm waiting for your answer.
I'm very unhappy about this.
I'm very serious about this.
I'm trying to help a friend.
I'm trying to get some help.
I'm trying to be supportive.
I'm touched by your concern.
I'm thinking we should move.
I'm thinking the same thing.
I'm the one who rescued Tom.
I'm the one that's to blame.
I'm taking Tom home with me.
I'm taking good care of Tom.
I'm suspicious of everybody.
I'm sure you'll work it out.
I'm sure we'll be safe here.
I'm sure Tom never did that.
I'm sure Tom agrees with me.
I'm sure that's what it was.
I'm sure that's not correct.
I'm sure someone will do it.
I'm sure it's all a mistake.
I'm sure it's a coincidence.
I'm sure it'll all work out.
I'm sure it was an accident.
I'm supposed to protect you.
I'm supposed to pick you up.
I'm supposed to be on break.
I'm still worried about Tom.
I'm sorry, Tom, I've got to go.
I'm sorry, I can't hear you.
I'm sorry, but you're wrong.
I'm sorry, but we're closed.
I'm sorry you feel that way.
I'm sorry I was rude to you.
I'm sorry I was rude before.
I'm sorry I interrupted you.
I'm running late for school.
I'm right where you left me.
I'm releasing the prisoners.
I'm really stupid, aren't I?
I'm really sorry about this.
I'm really sorry about that.
I'm really glad you're here.
I'm really glad we did this.
I'm really glad I came here.
I'm real sorry to hear that.
I'm real sorry for all this.
I'm putting Tom on the list.
I'm proud to be your father.
I'm pretty good at guessing.
I'm pretty excited about it.
I'm only trying to help you.
I'm one of Tom's assistants.
I'm not waiting to find out.
I'm not very good with kids.
I'm not trying to cheat you.
I'm not too sure about this.
I'm not too sure about that.
I'm not that kind of person.
I'm not talking to you, Tom.
I'm not sure you'll like it.
I'm not sure where to start.
I'm not sure Tom would help.
I'm not sure I can help you.
I'm not sure how to proceed.
I'm not sure how to do that.
I'm not sure about anything.
I'm not supposed to do that.
I'm not supposed to be here.
I'm not suggesting anything.
I'm not sitting next to Tom.
I'm not satisfied with that.
I'm not real good with kids.
I'm not proud of what I did.
I'm not prepared to do this.
I'm not prepared to do that.
I'm not making myself clear.
I'm not making any promises.
I'm not looking for trouble.
I'm not looking for a favor.
I'm not letting you do this.
I'm not letting Tom do this.
I'm not letting Tom do that.
I'm not leaving without you.
I'm not leaving without Tom.
I'm not in a very good mood.
I'm not going to your place.
I'm not going to work today.
I'm not going to wear a tie.
I'm not going to waste time.
I'm not going to mess it up.
I'm not going to marry Mary.
I'm not going to forget you.
I'm not getting any younger.
I'm not certain Tom is here.
I'm not being paid for this.
I'm not ashamed of anything.
I'm not allowed to tell you.
I'm not allowed to go there.
I'm not afraid of lightning.
I'm never helping you again.
I'm never going to get this.
I'm never eating here again.
I'm much older than you are.
I'm moving as fast as I can.
I'm making a fool of myself.
I'm leaving early next week.
I'm late for an appointment.
I'm just waiting for a call.
I'm just trying to help out.
I'm just trying to find Tom.
I'm just telling it like it is.
I'm just glad it's all over.
I'm just getting used to it.
I'm just catching my breath.
I'm just a little surprised.
I'm intrigued by Tom's idea.
I'm inclined to believe Tom.
I'm in love with Tom's wife.
I'm hoping Tom will help us.
I'm going to wait till 2:30.
I'm going to use your phone.
I'm going to think about it.
I'm going to the men's room.
I'm going to tell the truth.
I'm going to take this home.
I'm going to start tomorrow.
I'm going to need you later.
I'm going to need some help.
I'm going to meet Tom there.
I'm going to let you go now.
I'm going to head back home.
I'm going to go wake Tom up.
I'm going to go talk to Tom.
I'm going to go make dinner.
I'm going to go get Tom now.
I'm going to give it to Tom.
I'm going to get your pills.
I'm going to get us a drink.
I'm going to get some sleep.
I'm going to do you a favor.
I'm going to do this myself.
I'm going to crash at Tom's.
I'm going to check upstairs.
I'm going to be your lawyer.
I'm going back to my office.
I'm glad you're enjoying it.
I'm glad you suggested this.
I'm glad we're together now.
I'm glad we're in agreement.
I'm glad to see you're safe.
I'm glad it's taken care of.
I'm glad I was able to help.
I'm glad I could be of help.
I'm getting ahead of myself.
I'm getting advice from Tom.
I'm getting a little hungry.
I'm doing what I have to do.
I'm curious about one thing.
I'm calling the meeting off.
I'm better looking than you.
I'm beginning to understand.
I'm aware of its importance.
I'm at home most of the day.
I'm always the last to know.
I'm afraid we're stuck here.
I'm afraid Tom will kill me.
I'm afraid Tom had to leave.
I'm afraid it's unavoidable.
I'm afraid I have no choice.
I'm a little thirsty myself.
I'll wait for you to finish.
I'll try to keep this brief.
I'll text you when I'm done.
I'll tell you what we'll do.
I'll tell you what happened.
I'll tell you the truth now.
I'll tell Tom you were here.
I'll tell Tom you said that.
I'll take your word on that.
I'll take care of it myself.
I'll still be here tomorrow.
I'll stay here and help Tom.
I'll show you how it's done.
I'll settle things with Tom.
I'll set up the appointment.
I'll see you in three hours.
I'll see you before I leave.
I'll see you at the airport.
I'll see you after the show.
I'll see you after practice.
I'll see Tom tomorrow night.
I'll see to that personally.
I'll probably see you there.
I'll pick you up after work.
I'll pick up Tom in an hour.
I'll pick Tom up in an hour.
I'll pay you back next week.
I'll never get used to this.
I'll never get used to that.
I'll need to think about it.
I'll meet up with you later.
I'll look after Tom for you.
I'll let you think about it.
I'll let you know how we do.
I'll let you in on a secret.
I'll leave it in your hands.
I'll keep the motor running.
I'll just go and get my pen.
I'll help you any way I can.
I'll help Tom any way I can.
I'll have Tom call you back.
I'll have to do it manually.
I'll have to check with Tom.
I'll have somebody help you.
I'll hang onto that for you.
I'll go to Boston next week.
I'll go and find it for you.
I'll give you what you want.
I'll give you what you need.
I'll give you some examples.
I'll get you another lawyer.
I'll get Tom's home address.
I'll get started right away.
I'll get right to the point.
I'll get on that right away.
I'll get it right this time.
I'll get it right next time.
I'll drive Tom there myself.
I'll do nothing of the sort.
I'll demonstrate it for you.
I'll deal with that for you.
I'll contact you when I can.
I'll call you if I need you.
I'll call Tom and apologize.
I'll bet Tom was pretty mad.
I'll be your server tonight.
I'll be very frank with you.
I'll be there in minutes.
I'll be taking it from here.
I'll be right down the hall.
I'll be perfectly all right.
I'll be in the waiting room.
I'll be in Boston next week.
I'll be here if you need me.
I'll be coming back tonight.
I'll be back when I'm ready.
I'll be back tomorrow night.
I'll be back this afternoon.
I'll be back in three hours.
I'll be back in a few hours.
I'll be back before morning.
I'd really love to meet Tom.
I'd rather not discuss that.
I'd never betray your trust.
I'd like to get out of here.
I'd like for you to help me.
I'd like a room for tonight.
I'd heard what had happened.
I'd have to agree with that.
I'd do anything to help you.
I'd do anything to help Tom.
I'd better get back to work.
I'd already thought of that.
I wrote it down on a napkin.
I wouldn't worry about that.
I wouldn't mind helping Tom.
I wouldn't like that either.
I would've done that anyway.
I wonder why they chose Tom.
I wonder when that happened.
I wonder what it feels like.
I wonder what became of Tom.
I wonder if you can help me.
I wonder if Tom can hear us.
I won't try to persuade Tom.
I won't tell you what to do.
I won't play games with you.
I won't let it happen again.
I won't let anyone harm you.
I won't be back for a while.
I won't be able to help you.
I wish you hadn't seen that.
I wish you had called ahead.
I wish Tom were still alive.
I wish Tom could see me now.
I wish that wasn't the case.
I wish I'd known Tom better.
I wish I were more like Tom.
I wish I had Tom's strength.
I wish I could believe that.
I went to the wrong address.
I went there to talk to Tom.
I wasn't worried about that.
I wasn't very hungry anyway.
I wasn't really in the mood.
I wasn't expecting visitors.
I wasn't expecting anything.
I was wrong not to tell you.
I was with Tom when he died.
I was up all night studying.
I was trying to protect you.
I was trying to protect Tom.
I was trying to impress Tom.
I was traveling on business.
I was told to report to you.
I was thinking about Boston.
I was talking about clothes.
I was swamped with homework.
I was right in front of Tom.
I was pretty good, wasn't I?
I was out getting groceries.
I was off duty at that time.
I was never good at grammar.
I was never good at figures.
I was lucky to get this job.
I was lucky to get that job.
I was just talking with Tom.
I was just pulling your leg.
I was just messing with you.
I was just following orders.
I was in Australia with Tom.
I was here when you came in.
I was going to vote for Tom.
I was going to surprise you.
I was going to do it myself.
I was going to do it anyway.
I was going over Tom's file.
I was away for five minutes.
I was asked to deliver this.
I was afraid you'd say that.
I was afraid you'd ask that.
I want to wish you the best.
I want to talk to the press.
I want to be with my family.
I used to sing you to sleep.
I used to sing Tom to sleep.
I used to pretend I was Tom.
I used to have one of those.
I used to do the same thing.
I used to be a teacher here.
I understand what you meant.
I understand everything now.
I tried calling your office.
I took Tom's blood pressure.
I took care of that for you.
I told you Tom didn't do it.
I told you not to come here.
I told you it was dangerous.
I told you I couldn't do it.
I told you I could help you.
I told you I can't help you.
I told Tom which one I like.
I told Tom we'd be late.
I told Tom to tell you that.
I told Tom to make the deal.
I told Tom to make his move.
I told Tom not to tell Mary.
I told Tom not to come here.
I told Tom not to come back.
I told Tom it was a mistake.
I told Tom I made a mistake.
I told Tom I couldn't do it.
I thought you wouldn't mind.
I thought you were with Tom.
I thought you were grounded.
I thought you were a doctor.
I thought you understood me.
I thought you ought to know.
I thought you might need it.
I thought you loved reading.
I thought you left with Tom.
I thought you could help us.
I thought we'd surprise you.
I thought we could help Tom.
I thought Tom was very good.
I thought Tom was in school.
I thought Tom was in prison.
I thought Tom was fantastic.
I thought Tom sounded upset.
I thought Tom sounded happy.
I thought Tom sounded angry.
I thought Tom had potential.
I thought Tom had left town.
I thought this might happen.
I thought that sounded good.
I thought I made that clear.
I thought I heard a gunshot.
I thought I could handle it.
I think you know I like you.
I said all I'm going to say.
I picked Tom up from school.
I need to talk to Tom first.
I meet new people every day.
I looked over the documents.
I left my wallet in the car.
I know where you want to be.
I hope Tom doesn't get sick.
I don't want Tom to do that.
I don't know if I can do it.
I don't have anything to do.
I bought a pair of scissors.
I bought a pair of earrings.
Don't you have any ambition?
Do you know what this means?
Both of them started crying.
Aren't you curious about it?
Your French is good enough.
Your car's totally wrecked.
You've told me that before.
You've saved all our lives.
You've said nothing so far.
You've quit smoking, right?
You've hurt Tom's feelings.
You've got to come out now.
You're with me, aren't you?
You're up late, aren't you?
You're too weak to do that.
Your time is running out.
You're thirty minutes late.
You're not scared, are you?
You're not joking, are you?
You're good at what you do.
You're always welcome here.
You're a very good teacher.
You're a great-looking guy.
You'll have to be the boss.
You'll be there in no time.
You'd regret that, I think.
You would never understand.
You won't get away with it.
You won't find it in there.
You won't be safe anywhere.
You picked Tom, didn't you?
You know Tom wants to help.
You know this is different.
You know this is a mistake.
You have something of mine.
You have a good reputation.
You have a good heart, Tom.
You don't know anyone here.
You ask a lot of questions.
Would you stop saying that?
Would you please step back?
Would you please excuse us?
Would you please come here?
Would you help me out here?
Why should I buy a new car?
Why are you wearing gloves?
Why are you angry with Tom?
Whatever you do, don't cry.
What's your husband's name?
What're you thinking about?
We're waiting to be served.
We're running out of money.
We're not throwing it away.
We're asking the questions.
We're about to have guests.
We're about to have dinner.
We'll be there in a minute.
We'll all be together soon.
We wouldn't stand a chance.
We wondered where you were.
We won't know until we try.
We won't do it without you.
We won't be able to escape.
We walk to school together.
We missed you at the party.
We have to start somewhere.
We have nothing to discuss.
We have everything we want.
We have everything we need.
We have a signed statement.
We have a signed agreement.
We have a little time left.
We have a decision to make.
We have a deadline to meet.
We don't have a dishwasher.
We are not to be disturbed.
Tom's bag is near the door.
Tom's a very good engineer.
Tom, your life's in danger.
Tom, you've got to wake up.
Tom, you've got to help me.
Tom zipped up his jumpsuit.
Tom wrote about his family.
Tom wouldn't run out on us.
Tom wouldn't do that to me.
Tom wouldn't bother to lie.
Tom would've thrown us out.
Tom works with power tools.
Tom works for a non-profit.
Tom won't care what we say.
Tom won't be afraid of you.
Tom will be here every day.
Tom will be fine, won't he?
Tom wasn't sure what to do.
Tom was sitting on a bench.
Tom was poking at the fire.
Tom was killed in the fire.
Tom was having a good time.
Tom was asleep in his room.
Tom was angry with himself.
Tom wants to buy a new car.
Tom wanted to stay at home.
Tom wanted me to visit him.
Tom used to live on a farm.
Tom turned on his computer.
Tom turned down the volume.
Tom tried to start the car.
Tom tried to be reassuring.
Tom tried not to overreact.
Tom told Mary to pull over.
Tom told Mary to be polite.
Tom told Mary to be honest.
Tom thought this was funny.
Tom thanked Mary in French.
Tom slid down the banister.
Tom shuffled down the hall.
Tom set his alarm for 2:30.
Tom says he's really sorry.
Tom said he had a headache.
Tom rushed out of the room.
Tom runs three miles a day.
Tom put on some warm socks.
Tom put a worm on the hook.
Tom played chess with Mary.
Tom noticed Mary's mistake.
Tom needed to wash his car.
Tom looked under the table.
Tom looked for his glasses.
Tom looked at the calendar.
Tom lied to you about that.
Tom knew where his car was.
Tom is very good at French.
Tom is taking care of Mary.
Tom is out there somewhere.
Tom is losing his patience.
Tom is in his mid-thirties.
Tom is asleep on the bench.
Tom is angry and disgusted.
Tom is an excellent driver.
Tom is always out of money.
Tom is a responsible adult.
Tom is a pathological liar.
Tom hoped that Mary was OK.
Tom has admitted his guilt.
Tom has a four-year degree.
Tom has a drinking problem.
Tom had big money problems.
Tom had a decision to make.
Tom gave Mary the bad news.
Tom gave Mary his notebook.
Tom gave Mary a dirty look.
Tom fell asleep on the bus.
Tom eats fish twice a week.
Tom doesn't live in Boston.
Tom dashed out of the room.
Tom couldn't open the door.
Tom couldn't find his keys.
Tom closed all the windows.
Tom tried to crawl under the fence.
Tom climbed out the window.
Tom checked into the hotel.
Tom brought Mary her lunch.
Tom became even more upset.
Tom asked how much it cost.
Tom arrived three days ago.
Tom anxiously hurried away.
Tom angrily stared at Mary.
Tom and Mary work together.
Tom and Mary are newlyweds.
Tom and I are the same age.
This is a misunderstanding.
This is a collector's item.
They're brother and sister.
They won't risk doing that.
They won't let you in, Tom.
They won't even talk to me.
The rooms are all occupied.
The judge banged his gavel.
The game is about to begin.
The dog chewed on the bone.
The dog chewed on the ball.
The closet door won't open.
That's fantastic, isn't it?
Tell Tom when you're ready.
Some of us have work to do.
Please tell me who you are.
Please introduce me to Tom.
Nothing is going to happen.
Let me give you some money.
It's interesting, isn't it?
If Tom dies, what'll we do?
I've tried everything else.
I've told Tom where we are.
I've been looking for this.
I'm worried about Tom, too.
I'm well aware of the risk.
I'm waiting to talk to Tom.
I'm very good with numbers.
I'm very good at what I do.
I'm using it at the moment.
I'm unwilling to risk that.
I'm turning it over to you.
I'm trying to cheer you up.
I'm touched you remembered.
I'm tired of listening to you.
I'm thinking of firing you.
I'm thinking about leaving.
I'm the one with the money.
I'm the one who caught Tom.
I'm the one who built this.
I'm telling you what I saw.
I'm telling you Tom did it.
I'm telling you to shut up.
I'm telling the truth, Tom.
I'm taking you out of here.
I'm taking Tom to the park.
I'm sure you'll understand.
I'm sure you'll find a way.
I'm sure you'll be welcome.
I'm sure you misunderstood.
I'm sure you did your best.
I'm sure you can handle it.
I'm sure Tom wouldn't mind.
I'm sure Tom would love it.
I'm sure Tom will help you.
I'm sure Tom told you that.
I'm sure Tom is on his way.
I'm sure Tom could help us.
I'm sure I wasn't followed.
I'm sure I locked the door.
I'm sure I heard something.
I'm sure going to miss Tom.
I'm sure everything's fine.
I'm suddenly rather hungry.
I'm still angry about that.
I'm staying at Tom's house.
I'm starting to get hungry.
I'm standing up for myself.
I'm sorry, I can't do this.
I'm sorry, I can't do that.
I'm sorry I missed the fun.
I'm sorry I lost my temper.
I'm sorry I had to do that.
I'm sorry I frightened you.
I'm sorry for interrupting.
I'm sorry about everything.
I'm sorry about being late.
I'm so glad you're staying.
I'm so glad you could come.
I'm sitting here in my car.
I'm running for reelection.
I'm really mad at you guys.
I'm really glad you called.
I'm really glad to see you.
I'm really glad to hear it.
I'm ready whenever you are.
I'm only three blocks away.
I'm on my way to a meeting.
I'm off to help my friends.
I'm occupied at the moment.
I'm not used to Boston yet.
I'm not trying to be funny.
I'm not that desperate yet.
I'm not talking about that.
I'm not taking any chances.
I'm not sure what you mean.
I'm not sure what it means.
I'm not sure what happened.
I'm not sure I believe you.
I'm not staying in a hotel.
I'm not so sure it was Tom.
I'm not so sure about this.
I'm not so sure about that.
I'm not really in the mood.
I'm not much of a mechanic.
I'm not leaving Tom behind.
I'm not keeping this thing.
I'm not interested in that.
I'm not going to sign this.
I'm not going to shoot you.
I'm not going to open this.
I'm not going to need that.
I'm not going to live here.
I'm not going to leave you.
I'm not going to judge you.
I'm not going to fight you.
I'm not going to blame you.
I'm not going to ask again.
I'm not doing this for you.
I'm not doing this anymore.
I'm not certain what to do.
I'm not being unreasonable.
I'm not allowed to do that.
I'm not afraid of you, Tom.
I'm not a bachelor anymore.
I'm meeting Tom in an hour.
I'm meeting Tom for dinner.
I'm looking for my glasses.
I'm living with my parents.
I'm leaving that up to you.
I'm leaving in the morning.
I'm just worried about you.
I'm just trying to be kind.
I'm just thinking out loud.
I'm just stating the facts.
I'm just going to sit here.
I'm just glad I could help.
I'm just calling to say hi.
I'm just a phone call away.
I'm just a little confused.
I'm investigating a murder.
I'm in enough pain already.
I'm hoping you can help me.
I'm here to talk about Tom.
I'm having second thoughts.
I'm handling the situation.
I'm going to work with Tom.
I'm going to win this time.
I'm going to try something.
I'm going to throw Tom out.
I'm going to throw a party.
I'm going to tell Tom that.
I'm going to take Tom home.
I'm going to stay with Tom.
I'm going to stay in today.
I'm going to set the table.
I'm going to see you later.
I'm going to see Tom again.
I'm going to open the wine.
I'm going to need a minute.
I'm going to miss you, Tom.
I'm going to miss you guys.
I'm going to lock the door.
I'm going to join the army.
I'm going to go inside now.
I'm going to do that again.
I'm going to do it for you.
I'm going to deal with Tom.
I'm going to call you back.
I'm going to call it a day.
I'm going to call for help.
I'm going to be right here.
I'm going jogging tomorrow.
I'm going back to work now.
I'm going as fast as I can.
I'm glad you're still here.
I'm glad you feel that way.
I'm glad you could make it.
I'm glad you agree with me.
I'm glad we got here early.
I'm glad it all worked out.
I'm getting a little drunk.
I'm feeling better already.
I'm feeling a little woozy.
I'm feeling a little tense.
I'm fairly sure it'll work.
I'm excited about tomorrow.
I'm doing this to help Tom.
I'm doing a lot of reading.
I'm delighted to hear that.
I'm certain it can be done.
I'm calling from my mobile.
I'm better off without you.
I'm being paid to help you.
I'm aware of your problems.
I'm aware of the situation.
I'm asking you to trust me.
I'm anxious to get started.
I'm afraid you're too late.
I'm afraid Tom will say no.
I'm afraid I have bad news.
I'm about to take Tom home.
I'm a pretty good handyman.
I'm a different person now.
I'm a big fan of your work.
I'll write it down for you.
I'll turn thirty next week.
I'll try to control myself.
I'll tell you when to stop.
I'll tell you what I'll do.
I'll tell you what I think.
I'll tell you if I find it.
I'll tell Tom you're ready.
I'll tell Tom where I went.
I'll teach you many things.
I'll take Tom there myself.
I'll take good care of Tom.
I'll take care of your dog.
I'll take care of it later.
I'll stay right where I am.
I'll show you to your room.
I'll settle with you later.
I'll send you the schedule.
I'll send a message to Tom.
I'll see you later tonight.
I'll see you later at home.
I'll see you in a few days.
I'll see you all next week.
I'll see to it immediately.
I'll return in ten minutes.
I'll open the door for you.
I'll never trust you again.
I'll never trust Tom again.
I'll never leave you again.
I'll never forget you, Tom.
I'll never forget that day.
I'll meet you Monday night.
I'll meet you in the lobby.
I'll meet you at my office.
I'll meet with Tom tonight.
I'll make you a cup of tea.
I'll make the arrangements.
I'll look after our guests.
I'll let you know tomorrow.
I'll know better next time.
I'll kill Tom if I have to.
I'll just have some coffee.
I'll help you wash the car.
I'll help you look for Tom.
I'll help when I come back.
I'll have to think it over.
I'll have to remember that.
I'll have to be innovative.
I'll guard it with my life.
I'll give you five minutes.
I'll give you a good price.
I'll give you a call later.
I'll get us some more wine.
I'll get right back to you.
I'll get in touch with you.
I'll get in touch with Tom.
I'll get a room at a motel.
I'll fire Tom if I have to.
I'll finish what I started.
I'll explain what happened.
I'll examine it for myself.
I'll do whatever I have to.
I'll do what I can to help.
I'll decide how to proceed.
I'll check in on you later.
I'll certainly talk to Tom.
I'll catch the next flight.
I'll catch a ride with Tom.
I'll call for an ambulance.
I'll be taking Tom's place.
I'll be staying in a motel.
I'll be back when I'm done.
I'll be back for you later.
I'll be back for Tom later.
I'll be able to assist you.
I'll be a few more minutes.
I'll ask you one last time.
I'll always care about you.
I'll always believe in you.
I'd trust Tom with my life.
I'd think you'd understand.
I'd think that was obvious.
I'd say that's a good idea.
I'd recognize you anywhere.
I'd recognize Tom anywhere.
I'd rather not discuss Tom.
I'd love some help on this.
I'd like to speak with you.
I'd like to buy you dinner.
I'd like some help, please.
I'd know if you were lying.
I'd better think this over.
I'd better tell the others.
I'd better get back inside.
I'd better do it right now.
I'd better be getting home.
I'd be quiet if I were you.
I wouldn't worry about Tom.
I wouldn't put it past Tom.
I wouldn't know what to do.
I wouldn't get my hopes up.
I would've had a good time.
I work for a guy named Tom.
I wonder who Tom talked to.
I wonder who made all this.
I wonder where everyone is.
I wonder what Tom will say.
I wonder what Tom is up to.
I wonder if Tom likes blue.
I wonder if Tom knows Mary.
I won't let it go to waste.
I won't be ready for weeks.
I won't be home for a week.
I won't be here next month.
I won't be coming with you.
I won't be a party to this.
I woke up and Tom was gone.
I wish you would stop that.
I wish Tom would stop that.
I wish Tom were still here.
I wish Tom had left a note.
I wish there was more time.
I wish it were that simple.
I wish I had your strength.
I wish I didn't have to go.
I wish I could talk to you.
I wish I could talk to Tom.
I wish I could remember it.
I wish I could go with you.
I wish I could believe you.
I went to college with Tom.
I went over to Tom's house.
I went by there last night.
I wasn't thinking straight.
I wasn't talking about you.
I wasn't talking about Tom.
I wasn't stealing anything.
I wasn't home at that time.
I wasn't here a moment ago.
I wasn't going to hurt you.
I was young and naive then.
I was with Tom for an hour.
I was up all night reading.
I was trying to rescue Tom.
I was the first to sign up.
I was looking for my diary.
I was just looking for you.
I was just looking for Tom.
I was just getting started.
I was hoping you'd tell me.
I was hoping you'd do that.
I was hoping we could talk.
I was holding this for you.
I was going to quit anyway.
I was expecting a lot more.
I was blinded by the light.
I was away for a few years.
I want to go back to Tom's.
I want to become a teacher.
I want some help with this.
I usually don't wear a tie.
I usually don't wear a hat.
I used to live near a park.
I used to be rich like you.
I used to be poor like you.
I understand the situation.
I tried to reason with Tom.
I tried to get Tom to stop.
I tried to get Tom to come.
I told you we'd meet again.
I told you Tom was a loser.
I told you not to touch me.
I told you it was too soon.
I told you it was possible.
I told you I'd protect you.
I told you I can't make it.
I told Tom you were coming.
I told Tom who I really am.
I told Tom to stay indoors.
I told Tom to meet me here.
I told Tom not to tell you.
I told Tom I was going out.
I thought you'd be excited.
I thought you were on duty.
I thought you were a nurse.
I thought you were a ghost.
I thought you might change.
I thought you looked tired.
I thought you had fixed it.
I thought we were partners.
I thought we said tomorrow.
I thought Tom had got lost.
I thought Tom had given up.
I thought Tom had blown it.
I thought this was settled.
I thought it'd take months.
I thought it'd be too much.
I thought it was excellent.
I thought I heard a scream.
I thought I could help Tom.
I thought his name was Tom.
I still feel a little sick.
I put in for more overtime.
I picked Tom up after work.
I know that Mary is pretty.
I intend to tell the truth.
I hope Tom doesn't show up.
I have to find another job.
I got you a little present.
I got kicked out of school.
I don't want to drink that.
I don't know much about it.
I don't know if I can help.
I don't have a car anymore.
I can take Tom to the park.
I bet Tom knows the answer.
I assume you're in a hurry.
Have you seen Tom on stage?
Do you know where Tom went?
Do you know the difference?
Did you say something, Tom?
Beautiful woman, isn't she?
Are you going to go or not?
Are you asking me for help?
Your name's Tom, isn't it?
You've walked into a trap.
You've underestimated Tom.
You've still got your job.
You've seen what I can do.
You've really earned this.
You've piqued my interest.
You've made a bad mistake.
You've got to concentrate.
You've disgraced yourself.
You've been through a lot.
You've been a great guest.
You're not upset, are you?
You're not tired, are you?
You're not going, are you?
You're not a teenager yet.
You're asking for trouble.
You're a good-looking guy.
You're a good friend, Tom.
You're a fantastic kisser.
You would've loved Boston.
You seem to be in a hurry.
You know this is nonsense.
You know nothing about me.
You have to listen to Tom.
You have to eat something.
You have to ask Tom first.
You have a job, don't you?
You have a car, don't you?
You don't love me, do you?
Would you mind if we left?
Why don't you take a walk?
Why don't you read a book?
Why doesn't Tom like Mary?
Why do I have to help Tom?
Why are you late to class?
What's your mother's name?
What's your father's name?
What's Mary's maiden name?
What are the alternatives?
We're sorry for your loss.
We're conducting a survey.
We'll be here for a while.
We weren't doing anything.
We haven't officially met.
We don't need Tom anymore.
We do everything together.
We all missed the meeting.
Tom's not with us anymore.
Tom's not very good at it.
Tom's not in the hospital.
Tom's not happy with that.
Tom, you've grown so fast.
Tom, you've got to get up.
Tom yelled over the noise.
Tom yelled over the music.
Tom wrote everything down.
Tom wouldn't listen to me.
Tom wouldn't have said no.
Tom wouldn't abandon Mary.
Tom would like to see you.
Tom would be proud of you.
Tom won't let me help him.
Tom won't know what to do.
Tom wiped the table clean.
Tom will never forgive me.
Tom will be out for hours.
Tom will be here all week.
Tom went into his bedroom.
Tom wasn't gone very long.
Tom was seriously injured.
Tom was reloading his gun.
Tom was in love with Mary.
Tom was in a car accident.
Tom was drenched in sweat.
Tom wanted to lose weight.
Tom walked out of the hut.
Tom walked out of the bar.
Tom waited thirty minutes.
Tom turned the music down.
Tom turned the lights off.
Tom turned out the lights.
Tom trimmed his mustache.
Tom took out his earplugs.
Tom took off his raincoat.
Tom spoke to Mary quietly.
Tom shut the kitchen door.
Tom sat down on the floor.
Tom sat down on the bench.
Tom sat down at the piano.
Tom said Mary was too fat.
Tom said it was delicious.
Tom said it cost too much.
Tom rushed out after Mary.
Tom rinsed the plates off.
Tom put on his sunglasses.
Tom put on his headphones.
Tom put on a warm sweater.
Tom put his shoes back on.
Tom put down his suitcase.
Tom pulled out his wallet.
Tom pried the locker open.
Tom pointed to the screen.
Tom pointed to Mary's car.
Tom offered Mary his beer.
Tom offered Mary a choice.
Tom moved a little closer.
Tom loved teaching French.
Tom looks like a criminal.
Tom looks a lot like John.
Tom looked in the drawers.
Tom listened for a moment.
Tom listened for a minute.
Tom knows what this means.
Tom knows we aren't happy.
Tom jumped over the fence.
Tom jumped out the window.
Tom jumped out of the car.
Tom jumped into the water.
Tom is your son, not mine.
Tom is very good at poker.
Tom is twice as old as me.
Tom is in there somewhere.
Tom is here in this hotel.
Tom is flirting with Mary.
Tom is extremely friendly.
Tom is chatting with Mary.
Tom is a wonderful dancer.
Tom is a stay-at-home dad.
Tom is a little surprised.
Tom is a little emotional.
Tom is a little depressed.
Tom is a little defensive.
Tom is a college drop out.
Tom held Mary in his arms.
Tom has a pen in his hand.
Tom had a lot on his mind.
Tom goes to work by train.
Tom gives us what we want.
Tom gives us what we need.
Tom gave Mary a thumbs-up.
Tom found a place to park.
Tom flipped on the lights.
Tom finished his sandwich.
Tom drinks beer every day.
Tom drank a glass of milk.
Tom doesn't have cable TV.
Tom doesn't have an alibi.
Tom died three months ago.
Tom didn't have much time.
Tom didn't deserve to die.
Tom climbed up the ladder.
Tom cleared off the table.
Tom brought Mary a coffee.
Tom became self-conscious.
Tom baked a cake for Mary.
Tom ate all the ice cream.
Tom asked me to take over.
Tom asked me to help Mary.
Tom asked me to come here.
Tom appears to be winning.
Tom appears to be on edge.
Tom appears to be nervous.
Tom appears to be in pain.
They're not all criminals.
They're a bunch of losers.
They won't let me see Tom.
They lowered their prices.
They don't have any money.
The park was almost empty.
The fence needed painting.
That wasn't a coincidence.
That was a lie, wasn't it?
That was a disappointment.
Tell Tom this is hopeless.
Tell Tom I won't be there.
Someone is always on duty.
Nobody trusts Tom anymore.
Mary is Tom's half-sister.
Life is strange sometimes.
It's time to feed the dog.
It's good to be back home.
It isn't necessary, is it?
It doesn't get any easier.
Is it a trap of some kind?
I'm writing another story.
I'm waiting for an answer.
I'm usually not this busy.
I'm used to being ignored.
I'm trying to protect you.
I'm trying to protect Tom.
I'm too old to start over.
I'm Tom and I'm an addict.
I'm the one with the bomb.
I'm the one who loves you.
I'm telling the truth now.
I'm taking Tom for a walk.
I'm taking my lunch break.
I'm taking a semester off.
I'm sure Tom will turn up.
I'm sure Tom will love it.
I'm sure Tom will do well.
I'm sure Tom will be late.
I'm sure Tom will be fine.
I'm sure Tom is mad at me.
I'm sure Tom is just fine.
I'm sure they can hear us.
I'm sure that Tom is busy.
I'm sure it's Tom's fault.
I'm sure glad that's over.
I'm suddenly very thirsty.
I'm still working on this.
I'm still working on that.
I'm still married to Mary.
I'm still looking for Tom.
I'm still kind of thirsty.
I'm staying at the Hilton.
I'm sorry, I've got to go.
I'm sorry Tom wasn't here.
I'm sorry it took so long.
I'm sorry if I misled you.
I'm sorry I brought it up.
I'm sorry for the trouble.
I'm sorry about your loss.
I'm sorry about the noise.
I'm sorry about that, Tom.
I'm so glad you showed up.
I'm so glad you said that.
I'm sitting here with Tom.
I'm simply planning ahead.
I'm simply obeying orders.
I'm seeing a pattern here.
I'm running out of energy.
I'm running a little late.
I'm real upset about that.
I'm pretty sure it's true.
I'm paying for everything.
I'm out of town next week.
I'm only here to help Tom.
I'm only here for one day.
I'm only following orders.
I'm one of the lucky ones.
I'm offering you a choice.
I'm not worried about you.
I'm not very good at this.
I'm not thirsty right now.
I'm not telling you again.
I'm not talking about Tom.
I'm not sure you're ready.
I'm not sure Tom is ready.
I'm not sure I understand.
I'm not sure how to begin.
I'm not supposed to drink.
I'm not so sure about Tom.
I'm not satisfied with it.
I'm not prepared for this.
I'm not planning anything.
I'm not on duty this week.
I'm not much of an artist.
I'm not like that anymore.
I'm not like other people.
I'm not learning anything.
I'm not in love with Mary.
I'm not having a good day.
I'm not going without you.
I'm not going to tell you.
I'm not going to show you.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to move out.
I'm not going to kiss you.
I'm not going to fire you.
I'm not going to eat this.
I'm not going to eat that.
I'm not exactly surprised.
I'm not doing this for me.
I'm not convinced of that.
I'm not being paid enough.
I'm not asking you to lie.
I'm not a teacher anymore.
I'm not a soldier anymore.
I'm no different than you.
I'm never going to Boston.
I'm never getting married.
I'm meeting someone later.
I'm looking for adventure.
I'm looking for a new job.
I'm just pulling your leg.
I'm just having a bad day.
I'm just glad Tom is back.
I'm just following orders.
I'm just a little nervous.
I'm just a little curious.
I'm in charge of shopping.
I'm in charge of security.
I'm horrible with animals.
I'm here to take you home.
I'm here to take Tom home.
I'm here to help you, Tom.
I'm here to do what I can.
I'm here at Tom's request.
I'm having problems again.
I'm having a heart attack.
I'm growing a beard again.
I'm going to work on that.
I'm going to wait outside.
I'm going to wait for Tom.
I'm going to Tom's office.
I'm going to the restroom.
I'm going to the hospital.
I'm going to the bathroom.
I'm going to tell you now.
I'm going to talk to them.
I'm going to take off now.
I'm going to surprise Tom.
I'm going to speak to Tom.
I'm going to quit smoking.
I'm going to park the car.
I'm going to need the key.
I'm going to need details.
I'm going to name him Tom.
I'm going to help you now.
I'm going to go to Boston.
I'm going to go join them.
I'm going to get you, Tom.
I'm going to get you home.
I'm going to get some tea.
I'm going to get some air.
I'm going to drive myself.
I'm going to cook for you.
I'm going to check on Tom.
I'm going to build a fire.
I'm going to be over here.
I'm going to be out today.
I'm going to be gone soon.
I'm going to be all right.
I'm going to be a teacher.
I'm going to ask Mary out.
I'm going out for a drink.
I'm going back to college.
I'm glad you're my friend.
I'm glad you're here, Tom.
I'm glad you're all right.
I'm glad you weren't here.
I'm glad you realize that.
I'm glad to see you're OK.
I'm glad that you're here.
I'm glad I could help out.
I'm getting tired of this.
I'm flying back to Boston.
I'm done with all of that.
I'm done listening to you.
I'm delighted to meet you.
I'm cutting my trip short.
I'm considering resigning.
I'm calling Tom right now.
I'm bringing home a pizza.
I'm being honest with you.
I'm at the end of my rope.
I'm asking what you think.
I'm as shocked as you are.
I'm as curious as you are.
I'm afraid Tom isn't here.
I'm afraid I may hurt Tom.
I'm a pretty good swimmer.
I'm a pretty good student.
I'm a little disappointed.
I'll walk you to the gate.
I'll try to remember that.
I'll try to keep it short.
I'll try to distract them.
I'll text you the address.
I'll tell you what to say.
I'll tell you what I know.
I'll tell Tom you're here.
I'll tell Tom you said so.
I'll tell Tom you came by.
I'll talk to you tomorrow.
I'll talk to Tom about it.
I'll take care of you all.
I'll take care of the cat.
I'll take care of it, Tom.
I'll stay out of your way.
I'll stay a few more days.
I'll show you where it is.
I'll show you the way out.
I'll see you at the party.
I'll see what is possible.
I'll see to it right away.
I'll say it one more time.
I'll never understand you.
I'll never leave you, Tom.
I'll never be that famous.
I'll need you to be there.
I'll make you some coffee.
I'll make you proud of me.
I'll make a pot of coffee.
I'll let you speak to Tom.
I'll leave that up to you.
I'll kill the both of you.
I'll just get you started.
I'll join you there later.
I'll join you in a moment.
I'll introduce you to Tom.
I'll hit Tom if I have to.
I'll have to do it myself.
I'll hang onto it for now.
I'll go with Tom and Mary.
I'll go take a shower now.
I'll go anywhere you want.
I'll go and get your coat.
I'll give you a lift home.
I'll give Tom the message.
I'll give it my best shot.
I'll fix you a cup of tea.
I'll find out soon enough.
I'll find my own way back.
I'll explain it all later.
I'll do whatever you want.
I'll do whatever it takes.
I'll do what must be done.
I'll do it in the morning.
I'll do anything you wish.
I'll deal with Tom myself.
I'll check with you later.
I'll catch the next train.
I'll catch the next plane.
I'll call you after lunch.
I'll borrow us some tools.
I'll be with you in a sec.
I'll be with Tom and Mary.
I'll be waiting out front.
I'll be there in a second.
I'll be ready in a second.
I'll be in the other room.
I'll be back in my office.
I'll be at the front door.
I'll be as quick as I can.
I'll be along in a minute.
I'll arrange that for you.
I'll answer that question.
I'd take it if I were you.
I'd really like to go now.
I'd rather stay anonymous.
I'd rather not go into it.
I'd rather die than leave.
I'd never let that happen.
I'd make a good chaperone.
I'd like for you to leave.
I'd better go talk to Tom.
I'd better call Tom first.
I'd better call Tom again.
I'd be willing to pay you.
I wouldn't worry about it.
I wouldn't try that again.
I wouldn't recommend that.
I wouldn't change a thing.
I would've sent Tom money.
I would advise against it.
I work out whenever I can.
I work at the post office.
I wondered where Tom went.
I wonder why Tom was late.
I wonder who this is from.
I wonder what Tom's doing.
I wonder what Tom will do.
I wonder what it could be.
I wonder what his name is.
I wonder if you'd help us.
I wonder if we could talk.
I wonder if we can get in.
I wonder if this is wrong.
I wonder how Tom is doing.
I won't obey those orders.
I won't let you ruin this.
I won't leave without Tom.
I woke up with a headache.
I withdrew my application.
I wish you'd called first.
I wish you hadn't told me.
I wish we could live here.
I wish Tom were here, too.
I wish Tom had known that.
I wish that were the case.
I wish I weren't Canadian.
I wish I knew who Tom was.
I wish I knew what to say.
I wish I knew what it was.
I wish I had Tom's brains.
I wish I could explain it.
I went to Tom's apartment.
I went to Boston with Tom.
I went out with Mary once.
I watched the whole thing.
I wasn't really listening.
I wasn't paying attention.
I wasn't informed of this.
I wasn't going to give up.
I wasn't cooking anything.
I was with Tom last night.
I was trying to reach you.
I was told to contact you.
I was there the other day.
I was struck by lightning.
I was meaning to call you.
I was knocked unconscious.
I was just talking to Tom.
I was just messing around.
I was just here yesterday.
I was just fooling around.
I was in pretty bad shape.
I was in my room studying.
I was gone for minutes.
I was going to take a nap.
I was eventually released.
I was as surprised as you.
I was a fool to trust Tom.
I want to see how it ends.
I want to get to know Tom.
I want to change my shirt.
I want the absolute truth.
I usually get what I want.
I used to like folk music.
I used to be fat like you.
I understood it perfectly.
I understand your reasons.
I understand your dilemma.
I understand how you felt.
I underestimated you, Tom.
I turned thirty last week.
I tried to do all I could.
I trained Tom for the job.
I took care of it for you.
I told you you'd like Tom.
I told you Tom would come.
I told you I'm not hungry.
I told Tom you were happy.
I told Tom to wait for me.
I told Tom not to give up.
I told Tom not to do this.
I told Tom not to do that.
I told Tom it wasn't mine.
I told Tom I could handle it.
I told Tom he was in trouble.
I thought you'd never ask.
I thought you were taller.
I thought we were friends.
I thought we should leave.
I thought Tom had my back.
I thought they'd heard us.
I thought I'd be too late.
I thought I was too young.
I thought I heard a voice.
I shouldn't have slept in.
I picked Tom up at school.
I need a receipt for that.
I know that Mary loves me.
I hope this isn't a dream.
I feel tired all the time.
I don't want to live here.
I didn't prepare a speech.
I can be there in an hour.
I asked for some time off.
Don't you have an opinion?
Do you like the food here?
Do you know what to bring?
Do you have any sunscreen?
Do you have a few minutes?
Could you show me the way?
Could I borrow your ruler?
Business is very good now.
Beautiful night, isn't it?
Are you worried about Tom?
Are you going to tell Tom?
Are you feeling all right?
Are you asking my opinion?
Are you a friend of Tom's?
Are there any more donuts?
Am I making you nervous?
You've slept a long time.
You've helped us so much.
You've got to believe me.
You've got the advantage.
You've come just in time.
You've been holding back.
You've already got a job.
You're worrying too much.
You're very good at this.
You're tired, aren't you?
You're taking a big risk.
You're not my girlfriend.
You're not lost, are you?
You're not hurt, are you?
You're not a kid anymore.
You're joking, of course.
You're breaking my heart.
You're a horrible person.
You're a grown woman now.
You'll be very impressed.
You won't be on your own.
You really ought to quit.
You need to listen to us.
You have to listen to me.
You have thirty messages.
You have no other choice.
You have my support, Tom.
You have my respect, Tom.
You got the answer right.
You are lost, aren't you?
You are in love with him.
Would you pass the salad?
Would you come over here?
Why don't you take a nap?
Why don't people like me?
What are the differences?
We've wasted enough time.
We're very happy for you.
We're on the wrong train.
We're late for the dance.
We're having a good time.
We're friends, aren't we?
We're brother and sister.
We're all Canadians here.
We'll work on that first.
We'll be late for dinner.
We have very little time.
We have thirty employees.
We have reports to write.
We have nothing you want.
We have a two-car garage.
We have a small backyard.
We have a little problem.
We go to school together.
We go to church together.
We all missed the target.
We all know how you feel.
Tom's out of the picture.
Tom's out of the country.
Tom's not missing, is he?
Tom's not in a good mood.
Tom's having a good time.
Tom's coat kept him warm.
Tom's a fine-looking boy.
Tom wrote a suicide note.
Tom wouldn't let them in.
Tom wouldn't let me help.
Tom wouldn't hurt anyone.
Tom would've left a note.
Tom would never say that.
Tom would never hurt you.
Tom would never allow it.
Tom works with his hands.
Tom worked at a hospital.
Tom worked as a gardener.
Tom wiped away his tears.
Tom will know what to do.
Tom will be OK, won't he?
Tom will be here shortly.
Tom went to the restroom.
Tom went back downstairs.
Tom watched for a moment.
Tom was in constant pain.
Tom was dressed in black.
Tom wants to be the boss.
Tom wants it for himself.
Tom wanted to take a nap.
Tom wanted to buy a book.
Tom wanted grandchildren.
Tom walked to the window.
Tom walked to the podium.
Tom walked down the hall.
Tom vacuumed his bedroom.
Tom turned up the volume.
Tom turned the music off.
Tom turned on the lights.
Tom turned down the heat.
Tom tossed Mary the keys.
Tom tossed Mary the ball.
Tom tossed Mary his keys.
Tom took off his headset.
Tom told us not to worry.
Tom told Mary not to lie.
Tom told Mary about that.
Tom sure does like pizza.
Tom slid the window open.
Tom slid open the window.
Tom signaled Mary to wait.
Tom signaled Mary to stop.
Tom sat down on the step.
Tom sat down on the sofa.
Tom sat down on the desk.
Tom sat down at the desk.
Tom sat down at his desk.
Tom said that he's sorry.
Tom said it was my fault.
Tom said he was Canadian.
Tom read the letter out loud.
Tom ran out of the house.
Tom ran back to his room.
Tom put air in the tires.
Tom pulled the door open.
Tom pointed to his watch.
Tom pointed to his chest.
Tom played poker with us.
Tom picked up the remote.
Tom opened his briefcase.
Tom opened a can of soup.
Tom offered Mary his arm.
Tom offered Mary a drink.
Tom offered Mary a donut.
Tom never says thank you.
Tom never gets headaches.
Tom needs us to help him.
Tom looked in the mirror.
Tom looked at the letter.
Tom listened to the news.
Tom jumped into the pool.
Tom isn't messing around.
Tom isn't a good swimmer.
Tom is waiting with Mary.
Tom is talking with Mary.
Tom is starting to worry.
Tom is starting to sweat.
Tom is starting to relax.
Tom is starting to panic.
Tom is out of the office.
Tom is mopping the floor.
Tom is Mary's only child.
Tom is in here somewhere.
Tom is here to help Mary.
Tom is here to apologize.
Tom is good with puzzles.
Tom is going to the mall.
Tom is drying the dishes.
Tom is angry and unhappy.
Tom is a little confused.
Tom is a Harvard alumnus.
Tom is a good instructor.
Tom is a good babysitter.
Tom hasn't come home yet.
Tom has nothing you want.
Tom has no school spirit.
Tom has no chance, right?
Tom has never liked Mary.
Tom has an older brother.
Tom handed me a sandwich.
Tom had no time to study.
Tom had an asthma attack.
Tom got up and went away.
Tom got out of the truck.
Tom flicked on the light.
Tom didn't like the plan.
Tom didn't like homework.
Tom didn't keep his word.
Tom didn't have to study.
Tom co-wrote these songs.
Tom checked Mary's pulse.
Tom called up his friend.
Tom called the neighbors.
Tom brought Mary a drink.
Tom broke his leg skiing.
Tom became a taxi driver.
Tom became a drug addict.
Tom barged into the room.
Tom barely speaks French.
Tom barely said anything.
Tom ate steak for dinner.
Tom ate a piece of toast.
Tom asked where you were.
Tom asked us to be quiet.
Tom asked me to tell you.
Tom asked me to help him.
Tom asked Mary not to go.
Tom asked Mary for a job.
Tom asked for his lawyer.
Tom appears to be scared.
Tom appears to be losing.
Tom appears to be asleep.
Tom apologized profusely.
Tom and the others agree.
Tom and Mary are talking.
Tom and Mary are dancing.
This isn't a negotiation.
This isn't a coincidence.
Things are different now.
They're not my prisoners.
They're not always right.
They're having a meeting.
They won't find you here.
They were somewhere else.
The room was too crowded.
The restaurant was quiet.
The police are after Tom.
The Jacksons are waiting.
The closet door is stuck.
That's unusual, isn't it?
That wasn't the question.
Nobody does that anymore.
My work is finished here.
It's the truth, isn't it?
It's really cold outside.
It's difficult, isn't it?
It snowed for three days.
I'm working with Tom now.
I'm working on my speech.
I'm working on a project.
I'm willing to risk that.
I'm very sorry about Tom.
I'm very good at sailing.
I'm unwilling to do that.
I'm unaccustomed to this.
I'm trying to stay awake.
I'm trying to keep awake.
I'm trying to get to Tom.
I'm trying to compensate.
I'm too excited to sleep.
I'm Tom's legal guardian.
I'm Tom and this is Mary.
I'm thrilled to meet you.
I'm the one with the car.
I'm telling you to leave.
I'm taking you to school.
I'm taking Tom some food.
I'm taking Tom his lunch.
I'm surprised you called.
I'm sure you'll like Tom.
I'm sure you'll do great.
I'm sure you can't do it.
I'm sure Tom misses Mary.
I'm sure that's not true.
I'm sure glad to see you.
I'm sure everything's OK.
I'm supposed to meet Tom.
I'm stuck here in Boston.
I'm still married to Tom.
I'm still kind of hungry.
I'm still here, aren't I?
I'm staying with friends.
I'm starting to like you.
I'm sorry, but it's time.
I'm sorry you can't stay.
I'm sorry to disturb you.
I'm sorry I mentioned it.
I'm sorry I let you down.
I'm sorry I bothered you.
I'm sorry for everything.
I'm sorry about all this.
I'm so proud of you, Tom.
I'm so glad you liked it.
I'm so glad I could help.
I'm right over here, Tom.
I'm right here, aren't I?
I'm responsible for this.
I'm really proud of this.
I'm really not very well.
I'm pretty sure about it.
I'm pleased to hear that.
I'm parked around the corner.
I'm only staying an hour.
I'm one of your students.
I'm one of Tom's friends.
I'm one of the good guys.
I'm not worried about it.
I'm not very eager to go.
I'm not thirty years old.
I'm not thinking clearly.
I'm not that kind of guy.
I'm not sure that's true.
I'm not sure of anything.
I'm not sure I trust Tom.
I'm not sure I can do it.
I'm not signing anything.
I'm not selling anything.
I'm not ready to give up.
I'm not ready to die yet.
I'm not ready for it yet.
I'm not playing with you.
I'm not much of a dancer.
I'm not messing with you.
I'm not making any plans.
I'm not like most people.
I'm not leaving with you.
I'm not leaving with Tom.
I'm not in love with you.
I'm not in love with Tom.
I'm not here to hurt you.
I'm not here to help you.
I'm not here on business.
I'm not going to do this.
I'm not going to do that.
I'm not giving up on Tom.
I'm not getting involved.
I'm not gambling anymore.
I'm not from around here.
I'm not feeling too well.
I'm not expecting anyone.
I'm not eating this fish.
I'm not driving anywhere.
I'm not done with it yet.
I'm not doing it anymore.
I'm not cut out for this.
I'm not coming back home.
I'm not cleaning that up.
I'm not at all surprised.
I'm not allowed to leave.
I'm not afraid of snakes.
I'm not afraid of ghosts.
I'm not afraid of flying.
I'm not afraid of anyone.
I'm not a violent person.
I'm not a patient person.
I'm not a morning person.
I'm looking for a friend.
I'm late again, aren't I?
I'm just waiting for Tom.
I'm just so proud of you.
I'm just resting my eyes.
I'm just not in the mood.
I'm just looking for Tom.
I'm just here to observe.
I'm just having some fun.
I'm just getting started.
I'm just being realistic.
I'm just a little wheezy.
I'm in trouble, aren't I?
I'm in no mood for games.
I'm in a really bad mood.
I'm home for the weekend.
I'm here to buy supplies.
I'm here looking for Tom.
I'm here for the meeting.
I'm headed the other way.
I'm headed over to Tom's.
I'm going to turn Tom in.
I'm going to the station.
I'm going to the airport.
I'm going to talk to Tom.
I'm going to take a look.
I'm going to sell my car.
I'm going to pick Tom up.
I'm going to need a lift.
I'm going to need a copy.
I'm going to lose my job.
I'm going to kill myself.
I'm going to ignore that.
I'm going to have to run.
I'm going to go with Tom.
I'm going to go tell Tom.
I'm going to go sit down.
I'm going to go home now.
I'm going to go find Tom.
I'm going to go clean up.
I'm going to get married.
I'm going to get dessert.
I'm going to get changed.
I'm going to forgive you.
I'm going to do it again.
I'm going to cook dinner.
I'm going to be an uncle.
I'm going to be a father.
I'm going out of my mind.
I'm going out for a walk.
I'm going back to school.
I'm going back to Boston.
I'm glad you're not dead.
I'm glad Tom wasn't hurt.
I'm glad I got to see it.
I'm giving you all I can.
I'm getting tired of you.
I'm getting sick of this.
I'm getting good at this.
I'm doing what I have to.
I'm doing it voluntarily.
I'm delighted to see you.
I'm completely blind now.
I'm coming to your party.
I'm better off in Boston.
I'm aware of the problem.
I'm asking for your help.
I'm as scared as you are.
I'm always up this early.
I'm almost finished here.
I'm allergic to your dog.
I'm afraid of losing you.
I'm afraid it's not true.
I'm a very light sleeper.
I'm a little tired today.
I'll turn it over to Tom.
I'll tell you what to do.
I'll tell you what it is.
I'll tell you on the way.
I'll tell you everything.
I'll tell Tom you called.
I'll tell Tom when to go.
I'll talk with you later.
I'll take you up on that.
I'll take the next train.
I'll take over from here.
I'll start getting ready.
I'll show you everything.
I'll share them with you.
I'll send you the recipe.
I'll see you to your car.
I'll see you guys Monday.
I'll see you before I go.
I'll see what Tom thinks.
I'll see Tom later today.
I'll see if Tom is awake.
I'll put it on your bill.
I'll pay for the damages.
I'll need some more time.
I'll make up my own mind.
I'll make Tom understand.
I'll make a note of that.
I'll let you get to work.
I'll have Tom look at it.
I'll have to take a look.
I'll have to stay behind.
I'll go see if Tom is OK.
I'll go get dinner ready.
I'll go find another one.
I'll go bowling with you.
I'll go and look for Tom.
I'll go and get you some.
I'll go and check on Tom.
I'll give you until 2:30.
I'll get you some coffee.
I'll get you another one.
I'll get you another dog.
I'll get Tom to help you.
I'll get Tom home safely.
I'll get started on this.
I'll get out of your way.
I'll find out eventually.
I'll find my own way out.
I'll drive Tom to school.
I'll do whatever you ask.
I'll do better this time.
I'll discuss it with Tom.
I'll deal with Tom later.
I'll call you in an hour.
I'll call if we need you.
I'll be with him, Doctor.
I'll be there in an hour.
I'll be sure to tell Tom.
I'll be seeing you later.
I'll be seeing you again.
I'll be right behind you.
I'll be over in a minute.
I'll be leaving tomorrow.
I'll be glad to help you.
I'll be fine in a second.
I'll be down in a minute.
I'll be done in a second.
I'll be back in a second.
I'll be back by midnight.
I'll be back after lunch.
I'll be able to show you.
I'll be able to help you.
I'll be a half hour late.
I'll ask Tom to join you.
I'll ask Tom if you like.
I'll agree to your terms.
I'd recommend doing that.
I'd really appreciate it.
I'd rather you showed me.
I'd rather go for a walk.
I'd never do that to you.
I'd like to speak to you.
I'd just like to go home.
I'd forgotten about that.
I'd appreciate some help.
I wouldn't take that bet.
I would've let Tom do it.
I would've done anything.
I wonder why Tom is late.
I wonder who can help us.
I wonder what Tom wanted.
I wonder what Tom can do.
I wonder what scared Tom.
I won't let you take Tom.
I won't let you go there.
I won't let Tom go there.
I won't answer questions.
I woke up after midnight.
I wish you'd come inside.
I wish you could be here.
I wish you both the best.
I wish you all good luck.
I wish Tom would help us.
I wish it were that easy.
I wish I lived in Boston.
I wish I knew what to do.
I wish I had your energy.
I wish I had better news.
I went to so many places.
I wasn't sure you'd come.
I wasn't prepared for it.
I wasn't looking for Tom.
I wasn't laughing at you.
I wasn't honest with Tom.
I was worried about this.
I was trying to help you.
I was trying to help Tom.
I was trying to find Tom.
I was trying to be quiet.
I was too drunk to drive.
I was thinking about Tom.
I was there this morning.
I was taking care of Tom.
I was taken advantage of.
I was so sure it was Tom.
I was searching for food.
I was hoping to find you.
I was hoping I was wrong.
I was beginning to worry.
I was at the supermarket.
I was asked to come here.
I was arrested last week.
I wanted to get some air.
I want you to do nothing.
I want to work in Boston.
I want to stay and watch.
I want to go out tonight.
I want to get a real job.
I want to come back here.
I waited outside for Tom.
I used to think that way.
I used to coach football.
I tried to do it quickly.
I tried to call Tom back.
I took Tom's temperature.
I took my dog to the vet.
I took care of it myself.
I told you Tom was smart.
I told you Tom was ready.
I told you Tom was crazy.
I told you it would work.
I told you it wasn't Tom.
I told you it was stupid.
I told you it was a scam.
I told you it was a risk.
I told you I would do it.
I told you I could do it.
I told Tom you were busy.
I told Tom to wear a tie.
I told Tom I was married.
I told Tom all about you.
I thought you were smart.
I thought you were funny.
I thought you might quit.
I thought you might know.
I thought you looked sad.
I thought you had a date.
I thought we should quit.
I thought Tom understood.
I thought Tom had a shot.
I thought Tom had a date.
I thought they found Tom.
I thought it'd be easier.
I thought it was obvious.
I thought I heard a thud.
I think I need more time.
I need five more minutes.
I met Tom at the airport.
I live on a quiet street.
I know that Tom is happy.
I have a report to write.
I frequently talk to Tom.
I don't want you to stay.
I can't swim any further.
How are Tom and the kids?
Everyone had a good time.
Do you know where we are?
Do you have a suggestion?
Could I look at that one?
Can I borrow your pencil?
Both brothers were there.
Ask me anything you want.
Are you paying attention?
Are you in love with Tom?
Answer the question, Tom.
All Tom does is watch TV.
Your house is beautiful.
You've worked very hard.
You've taken a big risk.
You've outdone yourself.
You've got to let me go.
You've got five minutes.
You've always helped me.
You're wrong about this.
You're working too hard.
You're the problem, Tom.
You're right, of course.
You're right, as always.
You're out of luck, Tom.
You're out of line, Tom.
You're on your own, Tom.
You're not my assistant.
You're not helping, Tom.
You're not good at this.
You're not easy to find.
You're my new assistant.
You're my kid's teacher.
You're losing your hair.
You're having a bad day.
You're definitely crazy.
You're a beautiful girl.
You'll be late for work.
You'd regret doing that.
You wouldn't believe me.
You wouldn't believe it.
You won't have a chance.
You seem to have a cold.
You know the difference.
You have to be prepared.
You have to be flexible.
You have to be creative.
You have no future here.
You have no alternative.
You have good instincts.
You don't know anything.
You can't make us leave.
Would you pass the peas?
Why doesn't Tom like me?
Why did Tom lie to Mary?
Who told you to do that?
Who told you about that?
Where are the prisoners?
What's your wife's name?
What's Tom's blood type?
What was Tom's reaction?
What time's the meeting?
Were the windows closed?
We're your friends, Tom.
We're worried about you.
We're working on it now.
We're not going, are we?
We're having fun, right?
We should listen to Tom.
We have our differences.
We have nothing to hide.
We have a few questions.
We forgot all about Tom.
We always have a choice.
Tom's not very handsome.
Tom's not in any danger.
Tom's blinds are closed.
Tom's a bit freaked out.
Tom wrote me about that.
Tom wouldn't talk to me.
Tom wouldn't hurt a fly.
Tom wouldn't be pleased.
Tom would never give up.
Tom would've given up.
Tom won't stop drinking.
Tom won the first round.
Tom whipped out his gun.
Tom went to the library.
Tom went out to his car.
Tom wears a tie to work.
Tom watched from nearby.
Tom watched for a while.
Tom wasn't expecting me.
Tom wasn't enthusiastic.
Tom was in his thirties.
Tom was angry with Mary.
Tom was also having fun.
Tom was a bit desperate.
Tom wanted his own room.
Tom walked out the door.
Tom uncorked the bottle.
Tom turned the music up.
Tom turned on the water.
Tom turned on the radio.
Tom turned on the music.
Tom turned off the heat.
Tom took out after Mary.
Tom took Mary to school.
Tom took his jacket off.
Tom told us to be quiet.
Tom thanked the manager.
Tom talked about sports.
Tom takes a bus to work.
Tom squeezed the sponge.
Tom smiled and said yes.
Tom sent me his picture.
Tom seems to be seasick.
Tom says Mary likes you.
Tom sat down on a bench.
Tom sat down for dinner.
Tom said it was raining.
Tom said he didn't know.
Tom rushed to help Mary.
Tom runs faster than me.
Tom read the story out loud.
Tom rang the bell again.
Tom ran to the bathroom.
Tom put on his hat.
Tom put on his raincoat.
Tom put down his pencil.
Tom posed for a picture.
Tom pointed to the sign.
Tom picked up the knife.
Tom picked up his books.
Tom ordered large fries.
Tom opened the car door.
Tom never said anything.
Tom missed the deadline.
Tom made an appointment.
Tom likes to fix things.
Tom likes to drink beer.
Tom knows what Mary did.
Tom knows what he wants.
Tom knows what happened.
Tom knows the situation.
Tom knows Mary is wrong.
Tom knows Mary is right.
Tom knows Mary is lying.
Tom kissed Mary's cheek.
Tom jumped off the roof.
Tom isn't wearing socks.
Tom isn't wearing a tie.
Tom isn't in any danger.
Tom is young and strong.
Tom is with his parents.
Tom is with his friends.
Tom is watching a video.
Tom is still on the job.
Tom is on the telephone.
Tom is losing the fight.
Tom is kind of handsome.
Tom is in the warehouse.
Tom is in show business.
Tom is in Mary's office.
Tom is in love with you.
Tom is having a bad day.
Tom is doing quite well.
Tom is angry and afraid.
Tom is afraid of my dog.
Tom is about Mary's age.
Tom is a very angry boy.
Tom is a strong swimmer.
Tom is a little worried.
Tom is a little shocked.
Tom is a little nervous.
Tom is a good detective.
Tom is a friend of ours.
Tom is a bad role model.
Tom has trouble reading.
Tom has health problems.
Tom has family problems.
Tom has a wife and kids.
Tom has a black bicycle.
Tom handed Mary her bag.
Tom got tired very fast.
Tom got out of the pool.
Tom got out of the limo.
Tom got out of the jeep.
Tom got out of the bath.
Tom got on the airplane.
Tom gave Mary his knife.
Tom finished his coffee.
Tom filled up the holes.
Tom filled out the form.
Tom emptied the garbage.
Tom died in a car crash.
Tom didn't want to wait.
Tom couldn't believe it.
Tom closed the car door.
Tom cheated on the test.
Tom blew out the candle.
Tom began fixing dinner.
Tom beat the murder rap.
Tom asked me to drop by.
Tom asked me to ask you.
Tom asked Mary to leave.
This is silly, isn't it?
This is a gift for Mary.
They've brainwashed you.
They're very, very good.
They're not the problem.
They're all watching us.
They're all watching TV.
They're a brass quintet.
They'll know what to do.
They'll be watching you.
They'll be here tonight.
They wouldn't follow us.
They know the situation.
The weather was perfect.
The TV isn't plugged in.
The trash can was empty.
The rooms are all clean.
The music was very loud.
The lights came back on.
The Jacksons are coming.
The icecaps are melting.
The dog stopped barking.
The dog started barking.
The classroom was quiet.
That's ironic, isn't it?
That wasn't the problem.
That was you, wasn't it?
That was wonderful, Tom.
That was unprofessional.
That was Tom, wasn't it?
That was fun, wasn't it?
Take the dog for a walk.
Pardon the interruption.
Nobody could believe it.
No one knows the future.
Let me see your receipt.
It's shocking, isn't it?
It's pathetic, isn't it?
It was an accident, Tom.
Is that difficult to do?
I've tried that already.
I've trained for months.
I'm willing to try that.
I'm willing to help you.
I'm used to being tired.
I'm unprepared for this.
I'm trying to read here.
I'm trying to avoid Tom.
I'm trying to apologize.
I'm tougher than I look.
I'm too scared to think.
I'm tired of this place.
I'm tired of pretending.
I'm taking them with me.
I'm taking it seriously.
I'm sure you're correct.
I'm sure you'll succeed.
I'm sure you'll recover.
I'm sure you'll do well.
I'm sure you'll do fine.
I'm sure you'll be fine.
I'm sure you understand.
I'm sure you meant that.
I'm sure Tom will be OK.
I'm sure Tom will agree.
I'm sure Tom was sleepy.
I'm sure Tom means well.
I'm sure it wasn't easy.
I'm sure I can help you.
I'm sure I can find Tom.
I'm supposed to do that.
I'm such a blabbermouth.
I'm still the boss here.
I'm still not ready yet.
I'm still not buying it.
I'm still kind of tired.
I'm standing right here.
I'm sorry, I can't help.
I'm sorry you got fired.
I'm sorry if I hurt you.
I'm sorry I was so mean.
I'm sorry I lied to you.
I'm sorry I doubted you.
I'm sorry for your loss.
I'm sorry for the delay.
I'm so glad you've come.
I'm so glad you're here.
I'm so glad you like it.
I'm sitting next to Tom.
I'm simply doing my job.
I'm seeing a trend here.
I'm saying I'm not sure.
I'm running out of time.
I'm returning your call.
I'm resigning on Monday.
I'm quite aware of that.
I'm proud of all of you.
I'm pretty good at math.
I'm pleased you're here.
I'm pleased you like it.
I'm perfectly all right.
I'm on my way to Boston.
I'm on my way there now.
I'm on my way back home.
I'm on a tight schedule.
I'm offering you a deal.
I'm nowhere near thirty.
I'm not your enemy, Tom.
I'm not working tonight.
I'm not wasting my time.
I'm not to be disturbed.
I'm not swallowing that.
I'm not sure where I am.
I'm not sure about that.
I'm not suggesting that.
I'm not so sure of that.
I'm not so good at this.
I'm not really that old.
I'm not quite ready yet.
I'm not quite done here.
I'm not paying for this.
I'm not in a party mood.
I'm not hiding anything.
I'm not good with names.
I'm not going to get up.
I'm not going to eat it.
I'm not getting married.
I'm not forgetting that.
I'm not feeling so good.
I'm not completely sure.
I'm not coming with you.
I'm not coming in today.
I'm not coming home yet.
I'm not buying anything.
I'm not asking for much.
I'm not all that hungry.
I'm no longer depressed.
I'm making some changes.
I'm looking out for you.
I'm looking out for Tom.
I'm looking for answers.
I'm just planning ahead.
I'm just obeying orders.
I'm just not interested.
I'm just glad Tom is OK.
I'm just glad it's over.
I'm just about finished.
I'm just a little woozy.
I'm just a little tired.
I'm in town on business.
I'm in a bit of trouble.
I'm honored to know you.
I'm here with my family.
I'm here to support Tom.
I'm here to pick up Tom.
I'm here to pick Tom up.
I'm here if you need me.
I'm here because of Tom.
I'm having a rough week.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a great time.
I'm going to the office.
I'm going to take a cab.
I'm going to sleep here.
I'm going to report you.
I'm going to need a wig.
I'm going to go see Tom.
I'm going to go get Tom.
I'm going to go do that.
I'm going to get my gun.
I'm going to follow Tom.
I'm going to do my best.
I'm going straight home.
I'm going out with Mary.
I'm glad you're staying.
I'm glad you're pleased.
I'm glad you were there.
I'm glad you were right.
I'm glad you understand.
I'm glad you stopped by.
I'm glad you moved back.
I'm glad you dropped by.
I'm glad you asked that.
I'm glad Tom enjoyed it.
I'm glad that's settled.
I'm glad I've found you.
I'm glad I ran into you.
I'm giving you a choice.
I'm giving you a chance.
I'm getting tired of it.
I'm getting out of town.
I'm getting out of here.
I'm furious at you, Tom.
I'm fully aware of that.
I'm from the government.
I'm feeling lucky today.
I'm driving myself home.
I'm concerned about you.
I'm coming for you, Tom.
I'm coming back tonight.
I'm coming back for you.
I'm being held prisoner.
I'm at the hospital now.
I'm at the Hilton Hotel.
I'm allergic to peanuts.
I'm allergic to carrots.
I'm afraid you're wrong.
I'm afraid you're right.
I'm afraid to interrupt.
I'll wait right outside.
I'll tell Tom you asked.
I'll tell Tom the truth.
I'll tell Tom right now.
I'll take Tom to dinner.
I'll take Tom some food.
I'll take care of those.
I'll take care of these.
I'll take a look around.
I'll stay and watch Tom.
I'll set it up with Tom.
I'll see you guys later.
I'll see you again soon.
I'll see you after work.
I'll put it on your tab.
I'll put it on the list.
I'll only slow you down.
I'll never work for you.
I'll never work for Tom.
I'll need some supplies.
I'll need a few minutes.
I'll meet you out front.
I'll meet Tom in Boston.
I'll make a reservation.
I'll let everybody know.
I'll keep an eye on Tom.
I'll join you all later.
I'll help any way I can.
I'll have to ask around.
I'll handle things here.
I'll guard the prisoner.
I'll go tell the others.
I'll go talk to Tom now.
I'll go home and get it.
I'll go back and get it.
I'll go and talk to Tom.
I'll go along with that.
I'll give you a new one.
I'll get you some water.
I'll get us some drinks.
I'll get us some coffee.
I'll get Tom right away.
I'll get the hang of it.
I'll get dinner started.
I'll fix us some coffee.
I'll find out who he is.
I'll draw a map for you.
I'll do it if I have to.
I'll do better tomorrow.
I'll do all the talking.
I'll deal with it later.
I'll come see you later.
I'll come back tomorrow.
I'll catch the next bus.
I'll buy the next round.
I'll be waiting outside.
I'll be sure to do that.
I'll be out in a second.
I'll be out in a moment.
I'll be out in a minute.
I'll be leaving shortly.
I'll be in the basement.
I'll be glad to do that.
I'll be counting on you.
I'll be better tomorrow.
I'll be back in a month.
I'll be at the hospital.
I'll ask Tom to help me.
I'll ask for directions.
I'd say that's accurate.
I'd really like to know.
I'd really like to help.
I'd rather take the bus.
I'd rather not touch it.
I'd rather do it myself.
I'd love a slice of pie.
I'd like nothing better.
I'd known Tom for years.
I'd heard you'd changed.
I'd have waited for you.
I'd have figured it out.
I'd follow Tom anywhere.
I'd do anything for Tom.
I'd be crazy to do that.
I wrote that down wrong.
I wouldn't recommend it.
I wouldn't be surprised.
I work in this building.
I work at a gas station.
I wonder who left these.
I wonder where Tom went.
I wonder what Tom wants.
I wonder what Tom meant.
I wonder how this works.
I wonder how that works.
I won't need it anymore.
I won't let you do that.
I wish you'd been there.
I wish we could ask Tom.
I wish it wasn't so hot.
I wish I'd known sooner.
I wish I could tell you.
I wish I could prove it.
I went out to find food.
I wasn't planning on it.
I wasn't here last year.
I wasn't doing anything.
I was worried about Tom.
I was up half the night.
I was up all night, too.
I was trying to be nice.
I was told Tom was dead.
I was told Tom ran away.
I was thinking about it.
I was the only one left.
I was talking about you.
I was talking about Tom.
I was swamped with work.
I was starting to worry.
I was so busy last week.
I was only gone an hour.
I was just doing my job.
I was just being polite.
I was in the front seat.
I was in a car accident.
I was hoping you'd know.
I was going to call Tom.
I was given this ticket.
I was following a hunch.
I was feeling nostalgic.
I was completely fooled.
I was chosen to do that.
I was born in Australia.
I was born a year later.
I was asked to be quiet.
I was asked here by Tom.
I was about to head out.
I was a science teacher.
I warned Tom about Mary.
I want you to bring Tom.
I want to hear about it.
I want to come with you.
I used to work with Tom.
I used to be a gardener.
I understand it all now.
I turned down the offer.
I trust Tom's instincts.
I took a big risk today.
I told you to stay back.
I told you to stay away.
I told you to keep away.
I told you not to worry.
I told you I'd help you.
I told you I have plans.
I told Tom what I think.
I told Tom to stay here.
I told Tom I was coming.
I told Tom he should go.
I threw it in the river.
I thought you were done.
I thought you said 2:30.
I thought you needed it.
I thought you loved Tom.
I thought you knew that.
I thought you had to go.
I thought you had plans.
I thought Tom was great.
I thought Tom was funny.
I thought this was over.
I thought Mary loved me.
I thought it would last.
I thought I was too old.
I thought everyone knew.
I put in for a transfer.
I need to get groceries.
I know that Tom is busy.
I keep bumping into you.
I have to wash my hands.
I have nothing you want.
I don't think Tom cares.
I can't stay home today.
I can't do it by myself.
I appreciate your offer.
Hey, where're you going?
Do you know what we did?
Ask me anything anytime.
Are you sure that's all?
Are you here to help me?
You've run out of time.
You've been very quiet.
You've been good to us.
You're wrong, you know.
You're wrong, as usual.
You're wrong about Tom.
You're worse than I am.
You're welcome to stay.
You're very persuasive.
You're not bad looking.
You're not bad at this.
You're good at drawing.
You're a good waitress.
You're a good listener.
You're a good kid, Tom.
You're a good boy, Tom.
You're a celebrity now.
You're a big help, Tom.
You're a bad influence.
You'll have no problem.
You'll catch pneumonia.
You would've liked Tom.
You weren't that great.
You were totally right.
You were so young then.
You missed the meeting.
You know this is wrong.
You have what you need.
You have to be kidding!
You have my permission.
You have a good lawyer.
You have a big problem.
You forgot your change.
You always have a plan.
Would you stop, please?
Will you give me a job?
Why should I get a dog?
Why don't you watch TV?
Why are you dressed up?
Who wrote this article?
Who are the kidnappers?
Where did you leave it?
Where are Tom and Mary?
Where are the diamonds?
What's your dog's name?
What's behind the door?
What was the diagnosis?
We're watching a movie.
We're out of here, Tom.
We're on our honeymoon.
We're not your enemies.
We're not finished yet.
We're not all teachers.
We're in this together.
We're here for the day.
We're all very excited.
We're all out of booze.
We're all having lunch.
We're a very good team.
We'll be there at 2:30.
We'll be here all week.
We won't be doing that.
We were totally wasted.
We were somewhere else.
We play games together.
We know where you were.
We know where you live.
We have plenty of wine.
We have an appointment.
We have a relationship.
We have a problem, Tom.
We have a new neighbor.
We don't need a ladder.
We don't have a garden.
We can only do so much.
We are a perfect match.
We always have options.
We all have our orders.
Tom's keys are missing.
Tom's hands were dirty.
Tom's a teacher, right?
Tom yanked Mary's hair.
Tom wouldn't lie to me.
Tom wouldn't let us in.
Tom wouldn't let me go.
Tom wouldn't hurt Mary.
Tom wouldn't have lied.
Tom would have told us.
Tom would have told me.
Tom won't ask for help.
Tom won the first hand.
Tom wishes to relocate.
Tom will listen to you.
Tom will leave tonight.
Tom went into his room.
Tom went back upstairs.
Tom wasn't even scared.
Tom was wearing shorts.
Tom was somewhere else.
Tom was not apologetic.
Tom was late for class.
Tom wants to say hello.
Tom walked to the gate.
Tom walked to the door.
Tom used to have a job.
Tom unlatched the door.
Tom unbuckled his belt.
Tom turned up the heat.
Tom turned on the heat.
Tom turned off the fan.
Tom turned down the TV.
Tom tried to be polite.
Tom tried to be casual.
Tom tried the shoes on.
Tom tried on the shirt.
Tom tried not to stare.
Tom tried not to smile.
Tom tried not to react.
Tom tried not to panic.
Tom tried not to laugh.
Tom took off his watch.
Tom took off his boots.
Tom took his shoes off.
Tom told me not to lie.
Tom told Mary to leave.
Tom tightened the nuts.
Tom thanked Mary again.
Tom suppressed a smile.
Tom started up the car.
Tom squeezed the lemon.
Tom slipped on the ice.
Tom sleeps in the nude.
Tom shuffled the cards.
Tom sat down with Mary.
Tom sat down on a rock.
Tom sat at the counter.
Tom said I was to wait.
Tom said hello to Mary.
Tom read the poem out loud.
Tom put on his pajamas.
Tom put on his goggles.
Tom put on his blinker.
Tom put his phone away.
Tom put his drink down.
Tom put down the knife.
Tom put down his spoon.
Tom pulled out his gun.
Tom pointed to the sky.
Tom plays the trombone.
Tom picked up his mail.
Tom picked up his keys.
Tom picked up a pencil.
Tom peeled the carrots.
Tom opened the windows.
Tom opened the cabinet.
Tom opened his toolbox.
Tom often lied to Mary.
Tom offered to help us.
Tom never forgave Mary.
Tom needed to buy food.
Tom loves his children.
Tom loves a good party.
Tom looked in a mirror.
Tom looked for his pen.
Tom looked at the moon.
Tom lived in Australia.
Tom lied to the police.
Tom lied about his age.
Tom knows when to stop.
Tom knows what this is.
Tom knows this is true.
Tom knows Mary is rich.
Tom just moved to town.
Tom jumped up and down.
Tom isn't always wrong.
Tom isn't always right.
Tom is with his mother.
Tom is with a customer.
Tom is too old to work.
Tom is taller than you.
Tom is staying with us.
Tom is starting to cry.
Tom is slowing us down.
Tom is playing it safe.
Tom is playing it cool.
Tom is my sister's boy.
Tom is looking for you.
Tom is looking at Mary.
Tom is in the basement.
Tom is in the audience.
Tom is in another room.
Tom is having a crisis.
Tom is drinking a beer.
Tom is angry and upset.
Tom is a very good boy.
Tom is a practical man.
Tom is a model student.
Tom is a good musician.
Tom is a bad influence.
Tom hung his jacket up.
Tom helped Mary escape.
Tom heard a loud sound.
Tom has money problems.
Tom has a rare disease.
Tom has a little money.
Tom got out of the van.
Tom got out of the cab.
Tom gave Mary the note.
Tom gave Mary a dollar.
Tom fell to the ground.
Tom drove to the hotel.
Tom doesn't sleep much.
Tom didn't know anyone.
Tom burned his clothes.
Tom beat Mary to death.
Tom banged on the door.
Tom asked me about you.
Tom asked for our help.
Tom apologized to Mary.
This is Tom's computer.
This is not negotiable.
This is non-negotiable.
This is nice, isn't it?
This is mine, isn't it?
This is a public beach.
This is a gift for you.
This food is delicious.
They're out of options.
They're not my friends.
They're not my enemies.
They're all against me.
They're about to start.
They weren't much help.
They know where we are.
They know where Tom is.
There was an explosion.
There was a lot to eat.
The rooms are deserted.
The IRS is auditing me.
That wasn't the reason.
That isn't true, is it?
Progress is being made.
Many people were there.
Life is good, isn't it?
It's strange, isn't it?
It's obvious, isn't it?
It's an emergency, Tom.
It worked like a charm.
It was dark, wasn't it?
It looked so delicious.
Is there anything else?
I'm your new assistant.
I'm well aware of that.
I'm watching my weight.
I'm waiting for a call.
I'm very happy for Tom.
I'm using common sense.
I'm trying to stop Tom.
I'm trying to save you.
I'm trying to save Tom.
I'm trying to practice.
I'm trying to meditate.
I'm trying to help Tom.
I'm trying to help now.
I'm trying to find Tom.
I'm too tired to argue.
I'm there all the time.
I'm the one who's sick.
I'm the one who did it.
I'm the boss, aren't I?
I'm taking you with me.
I'm taking you dancing.
I'm taking Tom with me.
I'm taking this to Tom.
I'm taking the day off.
I'm sure you mean that.
I'm sure you knew that.
I'm sure you can do it.
I'm sure you are wrong.
I'm sure Tom was happy.
I'm sure Tom was awake.
I'm sure Tom loves you.
I'm sure Tom knew that.
I'm sure they're wrong.
I'm sure they're right.
I'm sure it's personal.
I'm sure it'll be fine.
I'm sure I can find it.
I'm studying very hard.
I'm still training Tom.
I'm still on the clock.
I'm staying right here.
I'm sort of in a hurry.
I'm sorry, I really am.
I'm sorry I have to go.
I'm sorry I even tried.
I'm sorry for the mess.
I'm sitting right here.
I'm sick of being hurt.
I'm serious about this.
I'm seeing a therapist.
I'm really proud of it.
I'm ready for tomorrow.
I'm parked around back.
I'm one of the dancers.
I'm offering you a job.
I'm offering Tom a job.
I'm off to pick up Tom.
I'm occupied right now.
I'm not upset with you.
I'm not talking to you.
I'm not taking the job.
I'm not taking the bus.
I'm not sure who he is.
I'm not sure it's real.
I'm not sorry I'm late.
I'm not ready for this.
I'm not quite sure yet.
I'm not playing a game.
I'm not nervous at all.
I'm not messing around.
I'm not making this up.
I'm not making excuses.
I'm not letting you go.
I'm not letting Tom in.
I'm not letting Tom go.
I'm not kidding around.
I'm not in any trouble.
I'm not hungry anymore.
I'm not here every day.
I'm not having any fun.
I'm not going to Tom's.
I'm not going to do it.
I'm not going anyplace.
I'm not giving this up.
I'm not doing it again.
I'm not doing anything.
I'm not disputing that.
I'm not counting on it.
I'm not answering that.
I'm not angry with you.
I'm not all that smart.
I'm not afraid anymore.
I'm no good at dancing.
I'm mad at both of you.
I'm lucky to have this.
I'm losing my patience.
I'm looking for my hat.
I'm leaving for Boston.
I'm just the messenger.
I'm just stating facts.
I'm interested in this.
I'm in shock right now.
I'm in law enforcement.
I'm in constant danger.
I'm impressed with you.
I'm horrible with kids.
I'm hoping to find Tom.
I'm honored to be here.
I'm here with a friend.
I'm here to rescue Tom.
I'm here to get my dog.
I'm here to assist you.
I'm here about the job.
I'm having a rough day.
I'm having a nice time.
I'm having a good time.
I'm good with children.
I'm going to visit Tom.
I'm going to Tom's house.
I'm going to take this.
I'm going to stop them.
I'm going to stay here.
I'm going to need help.
I'm going to my office.
I'm going to miss that.
I'm going to leave now.
I'm going to head home.
I'm going to go to bed.
I'm going to go change.
I'm going to get ready.
I'm going to get fired.
I'm going to come back.
I'm going back to work.
I'm going back for Tom.
I'm glad you were here.
I'm glad you showed up.
I'm glad you said that.
I'm glad you got a dog.
I'm glad Tom came back.
I'm glad that you came.
I'm glad it's all over.
I'm glad it worked out.
I'm glad I invited you.
I'm getting rid of Tom.
I'm getting on the bus.
I'm getting good at it.
I'm full of good ideas.
I'm filling in for Tom.
I'm feeling very shaky.
I'm excited about this.
I'm done with all that.
I'm doing this for Tom.
I'm coming to save you.
I'm coming to help you.
I'm being quite honest.
I'm being looked after.
I'm being held hostage.
I'm aware of the risks.
I'm aware of the facts.
I'm at Tom's apartment.
I'm asking you to stay.
I'm afraid Tom is dead.
I'm afraid of drowning.
I'm a little congested.
I'll wait here for you.
I'll wait for you here.
I'll try anything once.
I'll tell Tom tomorrow.
I'll talk to you later.
I'll talk to Tom later.
I'll take what you got.
I'll take Tom home now.
I'll take it from here.
I'll take care of this.
I'll take a look at it.
I'll shoot both of you.
I'll send you the link.
I'll send you the bill.
I'll see you very soon.
I'll see you two later.
I'll see you soon, Tom.
I'll see you on Monday.
I'll see you later, OK?
I'll see you in Boston.
I'll return in a jiffy.
I'll put on some music.
I'll prepare something.
I'll prepare some food.
I'll pick Tom up later.
I'll pay for it myself.
I'll never tell anyone.
I'll never forget this.
I'll never forget that.
I'll never be like Tom.
I'll need my own tools.
I'll need a few things.
I'll meet Tom tomorrow.
I'll make something up.
I'll make it up to you.
I'll make it up to Tom.
I'll keep you informed.
I'll keep that in mind.
I'll just wait outside.
I'll honor your wishes.
I'll hide it somewhere.
I'll help you clean up.
I'll have to call back.
I'll have another beer.
I'll handle that later.
I'll go when I'm ready.
I'll go tell everybody.
I'll go if you make me.
I'll go get cleaned up.
I'll go back to Boston.
I'll go along with you.
I'll get you some wine.
I'll get you back home.
I'll get Tom to listen.
I'll get Tom a present.
I'll get right on that.
I'll get a hold of you.
I'll find someone else.
I'll find out tomorrow.
I'll do that right now.
I'll do so immediately.
I'll do more than that.
I'll do as you request.
I'll deliver it myself.
I'll decide that later.
I'll catch up with you.
I'll call you tomorrow.
I'll call Tom tomorrow.
I'll call an ambulance.
I'll be your chaperone.
I'll be your bodyguard.
I'll be up on the roof.
I'll be there in a sec.
I'll be taking the car.
I'll be right upstairs.
I'll be right out here.
I'll be right in there.
I'll be out in a while.
I'll be in the library.
I'll be in the kitchen.
I'll be in my quarters.
I'll be fine on my own.
I'll be around all day.
I'll ask you once more.
I'll arrange a meeting.
I'll admit I'm worried.
I'd say you're jealous.
I'd say Tom is jealous.
I'd say the same thing.
I'd rather be with you.
I'd never suggest that.
I'd never ever do that.
I'd have told you that.
I'd forgotten about it.
I'd do almost anything.
I'd better talk to Tom.
I'd better say goodbye.
I'd better return this.
I'd better go find Tom.
I'd better get started.
I'd be willing to help.
I'd be really grateful.
I wouldn't think of it.
I wouldn't repeat that.
I wouldn't go in there.
I wouldn't bet on that.
I wouldn't advise that.
I work until very late.
I wondered how Tom was.
I wonder what it means.
I won't tamper with it.
I won't live like that.
I won't fail this time.
I won't change my mind.
I won't be intimidated.
I won't be blackmailed.
I wish you wouldn't go.
I wish you hadn't come.
I wish you had told me.
I wish Tom had done it.
I wish to speak to Tom.
I wish I had some help.
I wish I had an answer.
I wish I could say yes.
I wish I could do that.
I wish I could do more.
I went to your website.
I went to school there.
I went into Tom's room.
I went back to my seat.
I wear flannel pajamas.
I wasn't aware of that.
I was wrong about that.
I was with Tom all day.
I was Tom's apprentice.
I was there that night.
I was there last night.
I was the last one out.
I was right behind Tom.
I was really depressed.
I was off this morning.
I was never mad at you.
I was just speculating.
I was just remembering.
I was just heading out.
I was in a plane crash.
I was hoping you'd ask.
I was having a bad day.
I was going to see Tom.
I was going to do that.
I was following orders.
I was born prematurely.
I was at the reception.
I was asked to do this.
I was an English major.
I was afraid to say no.
I was a little nervous.
I want you to sit here.
I want to get some air.
I want to get it right.
I want to drink coffee.
I used to work for Tom.
I used to believe that.
I used to be a teacher.
I try to stay informed.
I tried to talk to Tom.
I tried to protect you.
I took the last cookie.
I told you to stay put.
I told you not to move.
I told you I'd be back.
I told you I loved you.
I told Tom what I know.
I told Tom not to come.
I told Tom Mary was OK.
I told Tom I was there.
I told Tom I hated him.
I thought you loved me.
I thought you loved it.
I thought you had kids.
I thought we should go.
I thought we said 2:30.
I thought Tom did well.
I thought that was you.
I thought it was weird.
I thought it was a dog.
I thought I dreamed it.
I hope Tom doesn't die.
I have no other choice.
I hate mowing the lawn.
I enjoyed myself a lot.
I can see a difference.
I assume it's not good.
Hold the elevator, Tom.
Everything was on sale.
Do you want my opinion?
Do you want in on this?
Do you need more money?
Do you know what to do?
Do you have any doubts?
Do you feel better now?
Are you ready for this?
All three boys laughed.
You've wasted my time.
You've lost your mind.
You've got to wake up.
You've got to go back.
You've done your best.
You're worse than Tom.
You're very kind, Tom.
You're out of uniform.
You're out of control.
You're on my property.
You're not very funny.
You're not my brother.
You're my kind of gal.
You're good with kids.
You're bleeding again.
You're all against me.
You're a little early.
You're a great kisser.
You're a good teacher.
You're a good student.
You're a good soldier.
You're a good partner.
You're a brave person.
You'll have your turn.
You'll have no choice.
You'll be on your own.
You wouldn't like Tom.
You wouldn't enjoy it.
You would've liked it.
You weren't very nice.
You weren't here then.
You weren't gone long.
You were right before.
You should reconsider.
You picked a bad time.
You missed the target.
You have good friends.
You have a good heart.
You have a concussion.
Would you like a bath?
Will we be there soon?
Why is the plane late?
Why can't you help me?
Where are the cookies?
What're your thoughts?
What was Tom's answer?
What was the question?
What is the diagnosis?
We're late for school.
We're checking it out.
We're checking it now.
We're a little behind.
We'll be watching you.
We'll be here all day.
We wish you well, Tom.
We spoke on the phone.
We know what you want.
We know what happened.
We know all about you.
We have to be serious.
We have to be patient.
We have no more sugar.
We have a reservation.
We have a deal, right?
Tomorrow is a big day.
Tom's wrong, you know.
Tom's very, very good.
Tom's not in his room.
Tom's not at all sure.
Tom isn't a very good cook.
Tom's not a good liar.
Tom's good at his job.
Tom's dog barks a lot.
Tom's bags are packed.
Tom, are you in there?
Tom wrote this letter.
Tom wrote it all down.
Tom wrecked his truck.
Tom works for the FBI.
Tom won't talk to you.
Tom won the last time.
Tom will soon be back.
Tom will be home soon.
Tom went to help Mary.
Tom went back outside.
Tom watched Mary swim.
Tom watched in horror.
Tom washed the dishes.
Tom was ready for bed.
Tom was late for work.
Tom was angry at Mary.
Tom wanted to go home.
Tom wanted to be tall.
Tom wanted Mary to go.
Tom wanted an apology.
Tom waited until 2:30.
Tom unscrewed the lid.
Tom turned on the gas.
Tom turned on the fan.
Tom trimmed the hedge.
Tom trimmed his beard.
Tom tried to hug Mary.
Tom tried not to yawn.
Tom took another bite.
Tom told Mary a story.
Tom threw Mary a rope.
Tom threw Mary a kiss.
Tom swam in the river.
Tom suppressed a grin.
Tom stole my sandwich.
Tom stayed in his car.
Tom snickered at Mary.
Tom sliced the turkey.
Tom sliced the tomato.
Tom shut the car door.
Tom seldom gets angry.
Tom scrubbed the sink.
Tom sat by the window.
Tom said not to worry.
Tom said it was funny.
Tom said he would try.
Tom rinsed the dishes.
Tom ran down the hill.
Tom ran down the hall.
Tom ran after his dog.
Tom put on his shoes.
Tom put on his jacket.
Tom put on his helmet.
Tom picked up the cat.
Tom opened his window.
Tom needed more money.
Tom needed a good job.
Tom made an apple pie.
Tom looked at the map.
Tom likes to eat fast.
Tom knows where it is.
Tom knows what we did.
Tom knows what to say.
Tom knows how to cook.
Tom isn't cooperating.
Tom isn't a candidate.
Tom isn't a bad coach.
Tom is writing a book.
Tom is with a patient.
Tom is very religious.
Tom is very angry now.
Tom is still confused.
Tom is ironing shirts.
Tom is in your office.
Tom is in his pajamas.
Tom is in his bedroom.
Tom is in danger, too.
Tom is here every day.
Tom is here and ready.
Tom is always on time.
Tom is also an artist.
Tom is about your age.
Tom is about to speak.
Tom is about to begin.
Tom is a poor student.
Tom is a little upset.
Tom is a little tipsy.
Tom is a little drunk.
Tom is a good teacher.
Tom is a good surgeon.
Tom has what he needs.
Tom has three sisters.
Tom has straight hair.
Tom has nowhere to go.
Tom has left the city.
Tom has been poisoned.
Tom has been notified.
Tom has been grounded.
Tom has a pretty wife.
Tom had to go to work.
Tom had nowhere to go.
Tom had big blue eyes.
Tom had a rough night.
Tom got ready for bed.
Tom got in Mary's way.
Tom gave me something.
Tom gave Mary the key.
Tom gave Mary a shove.
Tom gave Mary a drink.
Tom folded his shirts.
Tom finished his beer.
Tom fell to the floor.
Tom emptied the trash.
Tom died of pneumonia.
Tom didn't get hurt.
Tom didn't trust Mary.
Tom didn't have a dog.
Tom cried out in pain.
Tom calls every night.
Tom called the police.
Tom brushed his teeth.
Tom asked us to hurry.
Those aren't my rules.
This is Tom's bedroom.
This is a coincidence.
This is a catastrophe.
They're working on it.
They're not expensive.
They were very pretty.
They liked their jobs.
They know what we did.
They have Tom sedated.
They both fell asleep.
These are the results.
These are my students.
There's been a mix-up.
The party has started.
The pain will go away.
The kitchen was clean.
The Jacksons are here.
The house was on fire.
The floors were clean.
The drain was clogged.
The dog barked at Tom.
The beach was crowded.
That's true, isn't it?
That's fair, isn't it?
Summer is almost over.
Someone's at the door.
Nothing is impossible.
Nobody likes bad news.
My car ran out of gas.
Many people shop here.
It's ironic, isn't it?
It wasn't you, was it?
It wasn't Tom's fault.
It wasn't Tom, was it?
It was Tom, wasn't it?
It runs in the family.
Is that a possibility?
I've trained for this.
I'm your new roommate.
I'm writing about you.
I'm watching the news.
I'm waiting for lunch.
I'm very unhappy here.
I'm used to it by now.
I'm trying to keep up.
I'm trying to be fair.
I'm too tired to talk.
I'm too busy for this.
I'm Tom's replacement.
I'm Tom's new partner.
I'm Tom's grandmother.
I'm three blocks away.
I'm thinking about it.
I'm the only one left.
I'm the only one here.
I'm the one they want.
I'm talking to myself.
I'm taking it with me.
I'm taking a vacation.
I'm sure you're wrong.
I'm sure we all agree.
I'm sure Tom was busy.
I'm sure Tom told you.
I'm sure Tom is wrong.
I'm sure Tom is right.
I'm sure that's wrong.
I'm sure that's right.
I'm sure that'll help.
I'm sure that was Tom.
I'm sure it's nothing.
I'm still very scared.
I'm still in training.
I'm still in mourning.
I'm sticking with Tom.
I'm staying out of it.
I'm starting to worry.
I'm starting to relax.
I'm sorry you're sick.
I'm sorry I said that.
I'm so glad you're OK.
I'm sick of this game.
I'm serious this time.
I'm scared of heights.
I'm sad to see you go.
I'm right on this one.
I'm really mad at you.
I'm really mad at Tom.
I'm really bummed out.
I'm ready for Tom now.
I'm proud of you, Tom.
I'm proud of you guys.
I'm prepared for that.
I'm parked over there.
I'm out of place here.
I'm open to new ideas.
I'm on your side, Tom.
I'm older than I look.
I'm offering you work.
I'm off work tomorrow.
I'm not young anymore.
I'm not wearing socks.
I'm not usually wrong.
I'm not unsympathetic.
I'm not sure I get it.
I'm not sleeping well.
I'm not scared of you.
I'm not paying for it.
I'm not on Tom's team.
I'm not on duty today.
I'm not in any danger.
I'm not hungry either.
I'm not hungry anyway.
I'm not going to work.
I'm not going to wait.
I'm not going to talk.
I'm not going to stop.
I'm not going to lose.
I'm not going to look.
I'm not going outside.
I'm not following you.
I'm not done deciding.
I'm not as bad as Tom.
I'm not angry anymore.
I'm not an only child.
I'm not afraid to try.
I'm not afraid to die.
I'm not a patient man.
I'm not a kid anymore.
I'm not a drug addict.
I'm lucky to be alive.
I'm leaving right now.
I'm leaving in a week.
I'm late for practice.
I'm just finishing up.
I'm just feeling down.
I'm just being polite.
I'm joking, of course.
I'm inclined to agree.
I'm in perfect health.
I'm in love with Mary.
I'm home all the time.
I'm here for you, Tom.
I'm here all the time.
I'm helping out today.
I'm heading there now.
I'm heading back home.
I'm grateful for that.
I'm going to work now.
I'm going to win this.
I'm going to watch TV.
I'm going to throw up.
I'm going to tell Tom.
I'm going to take off.
I'm going to stop you.
I'm going to lie down.
I'm going to hurt you.
I'm going to help you.
I'm going to help Tom.
I'm going to go shave.
I'm going to go check.
I'm going to get help.
I'm going to be on TV.
I'm going on vacation.
I'm going back to bed.
I'm glad you're early.
I'm glad you think so.
I'm glad you remember.
I'm glad you like Tom.
I'm glad we found you.
I'm glad we came here.
I'm glad Tom has gone.
I'm glad it wasn't me.
I'm glad I was nearby.
I'm glad I caught you.
I'm giving you a ride.
I'm from a big family.
I'm dying to meet Tom.
I'm doing you a favor.
I'm coming to get you.
I'm calling Tom again.
I'm calling my lawyer.
I'm bored with Boston.
I'm being a gentleman.
I'm aware of all that.
I'm attracted to Mary.
I'm at the restaurant.
I'm at the north gate.
I'm almost sure of it.
I'm afraid to go home.
I'm afraid of nothing.
I'm a lousy fisherman.
I'm a little shook up.
I'll write you a note.
I'll try to reach Tom.
I'll think about that.
I'll talk to you soon.
I'll take Tom to Mary.
I'll take this to Tom.
I'll take that chance.
I'll take care of Tom.
I'll stop by tomorrow.
I'll stay up with you.
I'll stay if you want.
I'll show Tom the way.
I'll shine your shoes.
I'll send you my bill.
I'll send word to Tom.
I'll see you upstairs.
I'll see you soon, OK?
I'll see you at lunch.
I'll see if Tom is up.
I'll only talk to Tom.
I'll only be a second.
I'll only be a moment.
I'll only be a minute.
I'll never lie to you.
I'll make some dinner.
I'll let Tom tell you.
I'll leave right away.
I'll keep you updated.
I'll keep you advised.
I'll keep it a secret.
I'll just get my keys.
I'll just get my coat.
I'll join you shortly.
I'll help you with it.
I'll help you do that.
I'll have to tell Tom.
I'll go if you insist.
I'll get to the point.
I'll get them for you.
I'll get that for you.
I'll get around to it.
I'll get a second job.
I'll get a fire going.
I'll find Tom for you.
I'll find out for you.
I'll find another one.
I'll explain it again.
I'll do what you want.
I'll do what I please.
I'll do that tomorrow.
I'll do no such thing.
I'll consult with Tom.
I'll check it for you.
I'll change my flight.
I'll call Tom for you.
I'll bring Tom to you.
I'll be your roommate.
I'll be there shortly.
I'll be there for you.
I'll be there by 2:30.
I'll be there all day.
I'll be right in here.
I'll be in the office.
I'll be in my trailer.
I'll be back in a sec.
I'll apologize to Tom.
I'd think it'd be fun.
I'd still like to try.
I'd say you got taken.
I'd say you earned it.
I'd rather be fishing.
I'd never dream of it.
I'd like to cooperate.
I'd like nothing more.
I'd like not to do it.
I'd know you anywhere.
I'd heard you'd moved.
I'd feel the same way.
I'd double-check that.
I'd do the same thing.
I'd better get moving.
I'd be willing to pay.
I'd advise doing that.
I'd advise against it.
I wrote Mary a letter.
I wouldn't touch that.
I wouldn't lie to you.
I wouldn't blame them.
I wouldn't be so sure.
I wouldn't allow that.
I would've sent roses.
I work at the airport.
I wonder where Tom is.
I wonder what's wrong.
I wonder what Tom saw.
I wonder what this is.
I won't let Tom do it.
I won't agree to this.
I won fair and square.
I wish you'd call Tom.
I wish you could stay.
I wish Tom would stay.
I wish to remain here.
I wish I'd called Tom.
I wish I'd been there.
I went to the library.
I went to talk to Tom.
I went out for dinner.
I wasn't overly tired.
I wasn't on duty then.
I wasn't in any hurry.
I wasn't ignoring you.
I wasn't feeling well.
I wasn't avoiding you.
I was wrong about you.
I was wrong about Tom.
I was told to come in.
I was thinking of Tom.
I was there for hours.
I was surprised by it.
I was scared to death.
I was right all along.
I was right about Tom.
I was out celebrating.
I was looking for you.
I was looking for Tom.
I was just tidying up.
I was just passing by.
I was just having fun.
I was just a kid then.
I was in the hospital.
I was in my apartment.
I was hoping for more.
I was here last night.
I was heavily sedated.
I was happy back then.
I was getting worried.
I was fired last week.
I was counting on you.
I was chosen for that.
I was being sarcastic.
I was a little thrown.
I want to see my kids.
I used to be a dancer.
I used to babysit Tom.
I understand the risk.
I understand that now.
I turned the job down.
I turned down the job.
I tried to find a job.
I told you to go away.
I told Tom what to do.
I told Tom what I saw.
I told Tom to do that.
I told Tom I was fine.
I told Tom everything.
I told Tom about Mary.
I thought you knew me.
I thought it'd be fun.
I think I fell asleep.
I remember this place.
I rarely get visitors.
I put it on the table.
I missed the deadline.
I miss Boston so much.
I know where you were.
I just don't like Tom.
I had to go to Boston.
I had a right to know.
I don't need you here.
I can't work any more.
I bought this for Tom.
How was the reception?
How was the interview?
How was the honeymoon?
Hold the door, please.
Great show, wasn't it?
Forgive the intrusion.
Everyone was so happy.
Everyone was drinking.
Everyone believed Tom.
Do you want my advice?
Do you need more time?
Do you have any plans?
Do you have a warrant?
Do you have a voucher?
Did you get a receipt?
Are you going to wait?
Are you going to help me?
Are you ashamed of me?
You've got to get up.
You've done it right.
You're not very tidy.
You're not very good.
You're not my friend.
You're not in charge.
You're not a suspect.
You're in good shape.
You're in good hands.
You're back, are you?
You're an hour early.
You're almost thirty.
You're all very calm.
You're a teacher now.
You're a soldier now.
You're a prince, Tom.
You're a little late.
You're a good person.
You're a good mother.
You're a good kisser.
You're a good dancer.
You're a filthy liar.
You're a brave woman.
You'll have to leave.
You'll have to drive.
You'll be in trouble.
You wouldn't do that.
You wished to see me?
You will be rewarded.
You weren't that bad.
You need supervision.
You look very pretty.
You know we love you.
You have to try, Tom.
You have bad manners.
You can ride with me.
You are what you are.
You are very welcome.
Would you cut it out?
Why did you tell Tom?
Who unplugged the TV?
Where are the police?
Where are the horses?
What's in the closet?
What're you watching?
What're you planning?
What was Tom's reply?
We've figured it out.
We're the new owners.
We're still checking.
We're sorting it out.
We're out of options.
We're out of bullets.
We're not your enemy.
We're an hour behind.
We're about to start.
We'll mail it to you.
We were working late.
We were under attack.
We were really tight.
We watch TV together.
We met the other day.
We know where Tom is.
We know what we want.
We have to surrender.
We have fun together.
We have an emergency.
We have an advantage.
We have a nice house.
We all have problems.
We all have families.
Tom's voice was loud.
Tom's very dangerous.
Tom's not in his car.
Tom's not in his bed.
Tom's my friend, too.
Tom's getting chilly.
Tom's feet were cold.
Tom's feet felt numb.
Tom's a very bad guy.
Tom, your fly's open.
Tom, we have to talk.
Tom, are you in here?
Tom wouldn't help me.
Tom wouldn't give up.
Tom wouldn't give in.
Tom works for me now.
Tom worked in Boston.
Tom won the election.
Tom will be punished.
Tom will be in later.
Tom will be arrested.
Tom will assist Mary.
Tom went to the park.
Tom went to the lake.
Tom went to his room.
Tom went back inside.
Tom watched the news.
Tom wasn't with Mary.
Tom wasn't surprised.
Tom wasn't here then.
Tom wasn't gone long.
Tom washed his hands.
Tom was worried sick.
Tom was very worried.
Tom was on the phone.
Tom was disappointed.
Tom was years old.
Tom wanted to travel.
Tom walked Mary home.
Tom used to eat meat.
Tom turned up the TV.
Tom turned the TV on.
Tom tried on the wig.
Tom took out his gun.
Tom told us to leave.
Tom thanked the chef.
Tom swam in the pool.
Tom sliced the onion.
Tom sliced the apple.
Tom screamed in pain.
Tom sat on the couch.
Tom sat down to wait.
Tom read it out loud.
Tom ran to help Mary.
Tom put Mary on hold.
Tom pulled out a pen.
Tom pulled out a map.
Tom plays the guitar.
Tom played the piano.
Tom peeled the apple.
Tom often calls Mary.
Tom never got better.
Tom needed some food.
Tom must feel lonely.
Tom lost his balance.
Tom listened to Mary.
Tom left after lunch.
Tom leased an office.
Tom knows what to do.
Tom knows what it is.
Tom knows his rights.
Tom isn't an old man.
Tom isn't a nice guy.
Tom isn't a criminal.
Tom is with Mary now.
Tom is with a client.
Tom is wearing a wig.
Tom is very childish.
Tom is looking at us.
Tom is in a bad mood.
Tom is closed-minded.
Tom is at school now.
Tom is angry with us.
Tom is an eyewitness.
Tom is an ex-convict.
Tom is a real friend.
Tom is a popular guy.
Tom is a light eater.
Tom is a hard worker.
Tom is a good dancer.
Tom is a good choice.
Tom hung up his coat.
Tom helped us escape.
Tom heard the buzzer.
Tom has it all wrong.
Tom has a girlfriend.
Tom had another beer.
Tom got really angry.
Tom got on his horse.
Tom got into his car.
Tom gave Mary a wave.
Tom gave Mary a push.
Tom gave Mary a kiss.
Tom gave Mary a hand.
Tom gave Mary a gift.
Tom fumbled the ball.
Tom fed the chickens.
Tom ended up in jail.
Tom didn't slow down.
Tom dialed again.
Tom can fix anything.
Tom came home crying.
Tom called the hotel.
Tom called Mary back.
Tom ate the sandwich.
Tom asked me to help.
Tom asked me to come.
Tom argued with Mary.
This was a good book.
This is very serious.
This is the bathroom.
They're not my rules.
They're not home yet.
They're in my office.
They're all the same.
They're all in there.
They're all barefoot.
They'll have to wait.
They'll be all right.
They were right here.
They started walking.
They always say that.
They all have drinks.
The store was closed.
The soup was too hot.
The room was crowded.
The room smelled bad.
The phone is ringing.
The gang is all here.
The door wasn't open.
That's an order, Tom.
That's a joke, right?
That wasn't the plan.
That wasn't the deal.
That ought to be fun.
My French is limited.
Mary was very pretty.
It's good to be back.
It's been a pleasure.
It was a coincidence.
Is that your bicycle?
Irritating, isn't it?
Incredible, isn't it?
Impressive, isn't it?
I've told the police.
I'm your new partner.
I'm younger than Tom.
I'm writing about us.
I'm worried about it.
I'm working here now.
I'm willing to share.
I'm used to the dark.
I'm too young to die.
I'm too tired to eat.
I'm Tom's oldest son.
I'm tired of waiting.
I'm three hours away.
I'm thirty years old.
I'm the one you want.
I'm taking it to Tom.
I'm sure Tom is fine.
I'm sure that's true.
I'm sure I'll manage.
I'm still right here.
I'm still mad at you.
I'm staying with you.
I'm sorry we're late.
I'm sorry I was late.
I'm sorry about this.
I'm smarter than Tom.
I'm sick of this war.
I'm setting Tom free.
I'm sending Tom home.
I'm really into math.
I'm ready to proceed.
I'm ready to move on.
I'm ready to go home.
I'm ready if you are.
I'm proud of you all.
I'm open to anything.
I'm on the wrong bus.
I'm on the phone now.
I'm nothing like you.
I'm not your brother.
I'm not wearing this.
I'm not wearing that.
I'm not turning back.
I'm not that worried.
I'm not that cynical.
I'm not taking sides.
I'm not sure I agree.
I'm not sure anymore.
I'm not stopping you.
I'm not staying here.
I'm not sitting here.
I'm not safe in here.
I'm not running away.
I'm not really angry.
I'm not ready to die.
I'm not marrying you.
I'm not making it up.
I'm not leaving here.
I'm not ignoring you.
I'm not here for you.
I'm not going to lie.
I'm not finished yet.
I'm not exactly sure.
I'm not denying that.
I'm not avoiding you.
I'm not a cat person.
I'm not a bad person.
I'm never going home.
I'm never going back.
I'm moving to Boston.
I'm moving back home.
I'm lucky to be here.
I'm looking for food.
I'm living in Boston.
I'm just kidding you.
I'm just helping out.
I'm just hanging out.
I'm just cleaning up.
I'm in the air force.
I'm in a lot of pain.
I'm horrible at math.
I'm hoping I'm wrong.
I'm highly motivated.
I'm here to help Tom.
I'm here on vacation.
I'm here on business.
I'm here for a while.
I'm having a bad day.
I'm good with people.
I'm going to the lab.
I'm going to the gym.
I'm going to see Tom.
I'm going to my room.
I'm going to make it.
I'm going to go pack.
I'm going to go hide.
I'm going to get you.
I'm going to do that.
I'm going to college.
I'm going to bed now.
I'm going to be late.
I'm going to be fine.
I'm glad you've come.
I'm glad you're well.
I'm glad you're safe.
I'm glad you're home.
I'm glad you're back.
I'm glad you told me.
I'm glad you noticed.
I'm glad you had fun.
I'm glad we can help.
I'm glad Tom is back.
I'm glad that's over.
I'm glad it's not me.
I'm glad I was wrong.
I'm glad I hired you.
I'm glad I found you.
I'm giving it to Tom.
I'm getting a lawyer.
I'm from out of town.
I'm finished with it.
I'm excited about it.
I'm driving you home.
I'm doing my laundry.
I'm doing it for you.
I'm doing it for Tom.
I'm crazy about Mary.
I'm counting on that.
I'm coming home, Tom.
I'm calling Tom back.
I'm back in business.
I'm back at work now.
I'm attracted to you.
I'm almost done here.
I'm allergic to dogs.
I'm allergic to cats.
I'm all out of money.
I'm afraid that's it.
I'm afraid it's true.
I'm a very lucky man.
I'm a little worried.
I'm a little thirsty.
I'm a little jealous.
I'll watch your back.
I'll wait up for you.
I'll wait in the car.
I'll try to help you.
I'll try to find Tom.
I'll tell Tom myself.
I'll tell the others.
I'll take the stairs.
I'll take the chance.
I'll take my chances.
I'll take it outside.
I'll take charge now.
I'll take a cab home.
I'll stay in the car.
I'll send you a bill.
I'll see you at work.
I'll see you at home.
I'll see you at 2:30.
I'll see Tom tonight.
I'll save you a seat.
I'll never surrender.
I'll need some tools.
I'll make some calls.
I'll know what to do.
I'll keep my promise.
I'll keep it with me.
I'll keep in contact.
I'll help you escape.
I'll have to wing it.
I'll handle this one.
I'll go look for Tom.
I'll go let Tom know.
I'll go check on Tom.
I'll go and tell Tom.
I'll go and get help.
I'll give you a hint.
I'll give Tom a hand.
I'll give Tom a call.
I'll get Tom for you.
I'll get this to Tom.
I'll get some drinks.
I'll get right to it.
I'll get it tomorrow.
I'll get another one.
I'll get another job.
I'll flip you for it.
I'll find Tom myself.
I'll find out myself.
I'll expect you soon.
I'll eat standing up.
I'll drive you there.
I'll do what you say.
I'll do exactly that.
I'll die without you.
I'll deliver the box.
I'll cook you dinner.
I'll come right over.
I'll change my shirt.
I'll call Tom myself.
I'll become stronger.
I'll be there Monday.
I'll be in the attic.
I'll be home by noon.
I'll be home by 2:30.
I'll be glad to help.
I'll be back in time.
I'll be back by then.
I'll be at your side.
I'll ask Tom for you.
I'll always need you.
I'd say you did well.
I'd really like that.
I'd rather wait here.
I'd rather not do it.
I'd not recommend it.
I'd never get caught.
I'd never betray you.
I'd better stay home.
I'd better go myself.
I'd better get going.
I'd be very grateful.
I wrote that for Tom.
I wouldn't like that.
I wouldn't blame you.
I wouldn't blame Tom.
I wouldn't bet on it.
I wouldn't advise it.
I work with your son.
I wonder who took it.
I won't stand for it.
I won't let Tom down.
I won't be here long.
I wish you were dead.
I wish we could help.
I wish that was true.
I went to the police.
I went to that party.
I went to med school.
I went out with Mary.
I wasn't saying that.
I wasn't responsible.
I wasn't fast enough.
I wasn't asking that.
I was very fortunate.
I was very concerned.
I was trying to help.
I was tired and cold.
I was there with Tom.
I was there recently.
I was the one chosen.
I was the go-between.
I was talking to you.
I was talking to Tom.
I was taken prisoner.
I was somewhere else.
I was out for a walk.
I was on my way home.
I was jealous of you.
I was in the library.
I was in bed by nine.
I was in bed already.
I was in a nightclub.
I was home by myself.
I was home all night.
I was born on a ship.
I was born on a farm.
I was at the library.
I was at home asleep.
I was about to leave.
I wanted to call you.
I want it to be over.
I waited three hours.
I waited a long time.
I used to live there.
I used to be married.
I tried to phone you.
I tried to kiss Mary.
I tried not to worry.
I took a look around.
I told you the truth.
I thought it was Tom.
I never had a chance.
I hate playing cards.
I had a good holiday.
I entered Tom's room.
How big is your yard?
How are Tom and Mary?
How are the children?
Have a drink with me.
Everything looked OK.
Everyone told Tom no.
Everyone shook hands.
Everybody got scared.
Does anyone disagree?
Do you want to drive?
Do you want the rest?
Do you want a reason?
Do you have a theory?
Do you have a lawyer?
Can I drive you home?
Are your bags packed?
Are you OK with this?
Are you here to help?
You've got to hurry.
You've got it wrong.
You've defeated Tom.
You're very selfish.
You're so different.
You're out of sugar.
You're out of order.
You're our prisoner.
You're not laughing.
You're in no danger.
You're in bad shape.
You're good at this.
You're good at that.
You're an hour late.
You're all the same.
You're a loser, too.
You're a loser, Tom.
You're a great help.
You're a good actor.
You're a father now.
You're a bright boy.
You're a bad father.
You'll never change.
You'll be my guests.
You'll be in danger.
You'll be all right.
You'd be good at it.
You were very brave.
You were so awesome.
You shouldn't drive.
You must be careful.
You missed the game.
You lied to the FBI.
You lied to my face.
You know what to do.
You have my respect.
You are my prisoner.
You are my daughter.
Would you slow down?
Would you calm down?
Would I deceive you?
Why is the bus late?
Why do you hate Tom?
Why do I have to go?
Why are you pouting?
Why are you limping?
Where's Tom working?
Where's Tom waiting?
Where are the files?
Where are our seats?
When was Tom killed?
What're you reading?
What was the secret?
What was the matter?
What is it you want?
We're the champions.
We're out of coffee.
We're out of butter.
We're on a schedule.
We're not very good.
We're not on a date.
We're not in danger.
We're in the garden.
We're in good shape.
We're in good hands.
We're a little late.
We'll have to hurry.
We'll be there soon.
We'll be on our way.
We want out of here.
We missed the plane.
We know you have it.
We know where it is.
We have an epidemic.
We have an audience.
We have a situation.
We aren't that poor.
We all have choices.
Tom's room is ready.
Tom's room is empty.
Tom's room is dirty.
Tom's not a bad kid.
Tom's not a bad guy.
Tom's double-parked.
Tom's a big boy now.
Tom, are you asleep?
Tom wrote this book.
Tom won't back down.
Tom won the lottery.
Tom won the contest.
Tom went into rehab.
Tom washed his face.
Tom was watching TV.
Tom was unimpressed.
Tom was taken aback.
Tom was sympathetic.
Tom was quite upset.
Tom was discouraged.
Tom was a bit woozy.
Tom walks to school.
Tom waited for Mary.
Tom waited a moment.
Tom turned to leave.
Tom turned the page.
Tom tried to escape.
Tom swims every day.
Tom swept the floor.
Tom started to talk.
Tom signed his name.
Tom shut the window.
Tom shut the drawer.
Tom scowled at Mary.
Tom saw Mary crying.
Tom said it was fun.
Tom rubbed his eyes.
Tom pointed to Mary.
Tom plays the piano.
Tom plays the flute.
Tom plays the drums.
Tom owed Mary money.
Tom opened the hood.
Tom opened the book.
Tom opened the beer.
Tom opened his book.
Tom never got drunk.
Tom never gets sick.
Tom needs your help.
Tom needs some cash.
Tom made Mary angry.
Tom made a sandwich.
Tom lost his pencil.
Tom lived on a farm.
Tom listens to jazz.
Tom liked Australia.
Tom joined the army.
Tom is with the FBI.
Tom is with his son.
Tom is wearing blue.
Tom is the new boss.
Tom is out of sugar.
Tom is our neighbor.
Tom is on a mission.
Tom is not here now.
Tom is kind of tall.
Tom is in no danger.
Tom is in bad shape.
Tom is in a meeting.
Tom is here with us.
Tom is here with me.
Tom is here to stay.
Tom is here to help.
Tom is here for you.
Tom is good at this.
Tom is good at that.
Tom is eating lunch.
Tom is angry at you.
Tom is a teetotaler.
Tom is a slow eater.
Tom is a good pilot.
Tom is a fast eater.
Tom is a bureaucrat.
Tom is a bad golfer.
Tom honked the horn.
Tom has lied to you.
Tom has left Boston.
Tom had other plans.
Tom got up and left.
Tom got there first.
Tom got really sick.
Tom got out of jail.
Tom gave Mary a nod.
Tom gave Mary a hug.
Tom didn't remember.
Tom closed the door.
Tom closed the book.
Tom called for help.
Tom became agitated.
Tom appears worried.
Those are the rules.
Those are the risks.
This was Tom's idea.
This room is a mess.
This is the captain.
This is not a trick.
They're out of town.
They're about to go.
They're a good team.
They're a good crew.
They'll work it out.
They'll all be fine.
They know your name.
They have a problem.
These are the rules.
These are the names.
There's one problem.
There was no damage.
There was a witness.
There was a problem.
The baby was crying.
That's sweet of you.
That's it, isn't it?
That was the intent.
That made Tom angry.
Sorry, we're closed.
Sorry for your loss.
Rise and shine, Tom.
Please do your best.
My teachers like me.
My rent has gone up.
My pride's not hurt.
Monday is trash day.
Lucky, weren't they?
It's worth the risk.
It's true, isn't it?
It's real, isn't it?
It's over, isn't it?
It's nice, isn't it?
It's hard, isn't it?
It's good, isn't it?
It's cool, isn't it?
It'll be a pleasure.
It wasn't a problem.
It was cold outside.
It was an emergency.
It was a compromise.
I've seen it happen.
I'm writing my will.
I'm wasting my time.
I'm waiting for you.
I'm very good at it.
I'm traveling light.
I'm trapped in here.
I'm tired of losing.
I'm tired of Boston.
I'm the new manager.
I'm the leader here.
I'm taking you home.
I'm taking this one.
I'm sure it'll pass.
I'm sure about this.
I'm sure about that.
I'm still your boss.
I'm still a teacher.
I'm sorry I hit you.
I'm sorry I got mad.
I'm so sick of this.
I'm so proud of Tom.
I'm right here, Tom.
I'm riding with Tom.
I'm resting my eyes.
I'm ready to go now.
I'm proud of myself.
I'm prepared to die.
I'm out of practice.
I'm on my way there.
I'm not very hungry.
I'm not through yet.
I'm not proud of it.
I'm not mad anymore.
I'm not judging you.
I'm not in any pain.
I'm not going to go.
I'm not doing great.
I'm not dating Mary.
I'm not coming home.
I'm not blaming you.
I'm not backing out.
I'm not a good liar.
I'm no good for you.
I'm late for school.
I'm late for dinner.
I'm just about done.
I'm just a beginner.
I'm in trouble here.
I'm in the hospital.
I'm in the bathroom.
I'm in the backyard.
I'm in real trouble.
I'm in my apartment.
I'm in a tough spot.
I'm hiding from Tom.
I'm helping Tom out.
I'm headed that way.
I'm happy right now.
I'm grateful to you.
I'm going to say no.
I'm going to eat it.
I'm going to church.
I'm going to Boston.
I'm going on a diet.
I'm going into town.
I'm going back home.
I'm glad you called.
I'm glad it was you.
I'm glad I can help.
I'm getting carsick.
I'm getting an idea.
I'm faster than you.
I'm eating my lunch.
I'm dying to see it.
I'm drunk right now.
I'm doing just fine.
I'm dealing with it.
I'm completely deaf.
I'm coming with Tom.
I'm certain of that.
I'm bigger than you.
I'm better off here.
I'm back in command.
I'm at the hospital.
I'm at a truck stop.
I'm always up early.
I'm afraid of death.
I'm a nervous wreck.
I'm a lousy swimmer.
I'm a little scared.
I'm a little groggy.
I'm a heavy sleeper.
I'm a good listener.
I'll watch the door.
I'll unload the car.
I'll try to do that.
I'll tell you later.
I'll take your coat.
I'll take this back.
I'll take the wheel.
I'll take that risk.
I'll take my chance.
I'll sit over there.
I'll show you later.
I'll send it to you.
I'll see you Monday.
I'll see you inside.
I'll see how Tom is.
I'll return shortly.
I'll read it to you.
I'll pay for myself.
I'll need your help.
I'll need some time.
I'll need some help.
I'll meet you later.
I'll meet Tom there.
I'll make Tom do it.
I'll keep on trying.
I'll just wait here.
I'll just go change.
I'll hold onto this.
I'll have no choice.
I'll guard the door.
I'll grab your bags.
I'll go talk to Tom.
I'll go take a look.
I'll go in a minute.
I'll go if you will.
I'll go get changed.
I'll go easy on you.
I'll go and see Tom.
I'll go and get Tom.
I'll go and ask Tom.
I'll give it to you.
I'll give it to Tom.
I'll give it a shot.
I'll get you a beer.
I'll get the doctor.
I'll get rid of Tom.
I'll finish up here.
I'll find you later.
I'll drive Tom home.
I'll do what I want.
I'll do the talking.
I'll do it for free.
I'll do as I please.
I'll deal with this.
I'll deal with that.
I'll close the door.
I'll check the list.
I'll call you again.
I'll buy the drinks.
I'll bring the wine.
I'll bring the beer.
I'll bet that hurts.
I'll be out of town.
I'll be out in a jiff.
I'll be in my study.
I'll be coming home.
I'll be around back.
I'll always be here.
I'd say we're ready.
I'd rather not know.
I'd rather help you.
I'd like some input.
I'd leave a message.
I'd help if I could.
I'd have understood.
I'd have helped you.
I'd better tell Tom.
I'd better get home.
I'd better be going.
I'd be OK with that.
I'd be nervous, too.
I'd be glad to help.
I'd agree with that.
I wouldn't think so.
I wouldn't sweat it.
I wouldn't say that.
I wouldn't hurt you.
I wouldn't hurt Tom.
I wonder who's next.
I wonder what it is.
I won't let Tom die.
I won't cut corners.
I wish I had a band.
I went to bed early.
I watched it happen.
I wasn't in a hurry.
I wasn't asking you.
I washed the sheets.
I was Tom's teacher.
I was Tom's partner.
I was taking a walk.
I was scared of Tom.
I was raised Jewish.
I was once like you.
I was lying earlier.
I was like you once.
I was just relaxing.
I was just guessing.
I was in my bedroom.
I was going to work.
I was following you.
I was feeling happy.
I was enjoying that.
I was being serious.
I was being selfish.
I was aware of that.
I was almost killed.
I was all by myself.
I want to look rich.
I want to come back.
I want some popcorn.
I want my money now.
I used to love Mary.
I used to come here.
I turned the TV off.
I tried to warn Tom.
I tried to tell Tom.
I tried to stop Tom.
I tried to save Tom.
I tried to find Tom.
I tried to call Tom.
I tried not to look.
I took care of that.
I told Tom to leave.
I told Tom to do it.
I told Tom I'd help.
I told Tom I was OK.
I know how it works.
I can't pay my rent.
How was the seminar?
How was the reunion?
How was the meeting?
How was the fishing?
How big is your dog?
Drop the knife, Tom.
Do you want the job?
Deal the cards, Tom.
Business is booming.
Bring your swimsuit.
Are you about ready?
Are you a detective?
Are those new shoes?
All Tom did was eat.
You've got an hour.
You're with us now.
You're with me, OK?
You're out of time.
You're out of luck.
You're on the list.
You're not a loser.
You're not a freak.
You're married now.
You're a great guy.
You're a good girl.
You're a good boss.
You're a cute girl.
You're a brave man.
You're a big fraud.
You'll have to pay.
You worry too much.
You were too young.
You were so strong.
You need some help.
You know my secret.
You know I'm right.
You know everybody.
You have to listen.
You have to choose.
You have our offer.
You have my thanks.
You have a visitor.
You have a problem.
You hardly know me.
You are the doctor.
You are my friends.
You are in my seat.
Would you be quiet?
Would I lie to you?
Why isn't Tom here?
Why don't you help?
Who are the others?
Where're you going?
Where is my pencil?
Where are the kids?
Where are the keys?
Where are the guns?
What's in your bag?
What was the point?
We're with the FBI.
We're with the CIA.
We're waiting, Tom.
We're very pleased.
We're out of candy.
We're on your side.
We're not the same.
We're not a couple.
We're in the house.
We're in the clear.
We're in agreement.
We're here to talk.
We're here for you.
We're good friends.
We're all the same.
We're all like Tom.
We'll work on that.
We'll have to wait.
We'll have a party.
We'll all be there.
We were so worried.
We were both happy.
We know what to do.
We know our rights.
We know about that.
We have our orders.
We have no comment.
We have a surprise.
We have a prisoner.
We have a deadline.
We have a contract.
We have minutes.
We had a good time.
We all have to die.
Wait a minute, Tom.
Tom's out of a job.
Tom's not home yet.
Tom's not finished.
Tom's nose was red.
Tom's feet got wet.
Tom's dog stood up.
Tom's dog lay down.
Tom's dog is brown.
Tom's car is dirty.
Tom's a day trader.
Tom's a bright kid.
Tom's a bright boy.
Tom, say something.
Tom, be reasonable.
Tom, are you awake?
Tom works two jobs.
Tom works for Mary.
Tom won't stop you.
Tom will assist us.
Tom will assist me.
Tom went to school.
Tom waved his arms.
Tom wasn't with me.
Tom was very tired.
Tom was so excited.
Tom was having fun.
Tom was a stranger.
Tom was a nice man.
Tom was a good man.
Tom wants children.
Tom tried to smile.
Tom talked to Mary.
Tom stood up again.
Tom sliced the ham.
Tom shut the trunk.
Tom sat on his bed.
Tom sat down again.
Tom sat at the bar.
Tom said it was OK.
Tom said he was OK.
Tom said all right.
Tom ran after Mary.
Tom parked the car.
Tom paid Mary back.
Tom opened the lid.
Tom opened the box.
Tom opened the bag.
Tom never saw Mary.
Tom never said yes.
Tom must be lonely.
Tom milked the cow.
Tom makes me laugh.
Tom loves his wife.
Tom looked outside.
Tom locked his car.
Tom isn't home yet.
Tom is very famous.
Tom is pigeon-toed.
Tom is out of food.
Tom is new in town.
Tom is my new boss.
Tom is kind of shy.
Tom is in the room.
Tom is in the park.
Tom is in the army.
Tom is in his seat.
Tom is in his room.
Tom is getting fat.
Tom is at my place.
Tom is at my house.
Tom is a therapist.
Tom is a lucky guy.
Tom is a guy's guy.
Tom is a bad loser.
Tom honked at Mary.
Tom hit a home run.
Tom held onto Mary.
Tom hates homework.
Tom has no savings.
Tom has no friends.
Tom has good sense.
Tom has curly hair.
Tom has brown eyes.
Tom has black hair.
Tom has an old car.
Tom has a good job.
Tom has a fast car.
Tom had a good job.
Tom got very angry.
Tom got really mad.
Tom got in the cab.
Tom got in his car.
Tom got a flu shot.
Tom forced a smile.
Tom dried his eyes.
Tom drank lemonade.
Tom died in prison.
Tom described Mary.
Tom closed the lid.
Tom called Mary up.
Tom broke that one.
Tom became serious.
Tom became curious.
This was a mistake.
This isn't the way.
This is not my day.
This is not a joke.
This is harassment.
This is a surprise.
This is a bad idea.
This corn is fresh.
They're yours, Tom.
They're very tense.
They're my cousins.
They're in the car.
They were laughing.
They were confused.
They want our help.
They laughed at us.
They know about it.
They have no money.
They are outsiders.
There was no light.
The economy is bad.
That would be nice.
That was a mistake.
Someone called 911.
Shaving takes time.
Romantic, isn't it?
People are talking.
Now, don't be late.
No one was injured.
My phone's ringing.
Maybe you're lying.
Lucky, weren't you?
Look up at the sky.
It'd be a disaster.
It wasn't a threat.
Is that hard to do?
I'm writing to Tom.
I'm working it out.
I'm trying to quit.
I'm trying to help.
I'm trying my best.
I'm Tom's roommate.
I'm the guilty one.
I'm taking the job.
I'm taking it easy.
I'm taking a break.
I'm sure Tom is OK.
I'm sure I'm right.
I'm such a crybaby.
I'm such a chicken.
I'm stuck in a rut.
I'm still too weak.
I'm still in shock.
I'm still confused.
I'm sorry you lost.
I'm sorry for this.
I'm related to Tom.
I'm ready to do it.
I'm ready to begin.
I'm ready now, Tom.
I'm ready for more.
I'm over the shock.
I'm out of options.
I'm on my way over.
I'm on my way home.
I'm older than Tom.
I'm off to the gym.
I'm not used to it.
I'm not the expert.
I'm not that tense.
I'm not signing it.
I'm not here early.
I'm not getting up.
I'm not even tired.
I'm not denying it.
I'm not asleep yet.
I'm not asking Tom.
I'm not an officer.
I'm not an invalid.
I'm not a teenager.
I'm making a movie.
I'm losing my grip.
I'm late for lunch.
I'm late for class.
I'm just not ready.
I'm just a teacher.
I'm jealous of Tom.
I'm in the kitchen.
I'm in the bathtub.
I'm in real estate.
I'm in command now.
I'm in bad trouble.
I'm in a good mood.
I'm here, aren't I?
I'm here on my own.
I'm here by choice.
I'm good at my job.
I'm going to shave.
I'm going to lunch.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to be OK.
I'm going on a run.
I'm going for help.
I'm glad you're OK.
I'm glad you agree.
I'm glad we waited.
I'm glad Tom is OK.
I'm glad it's over.
I'm glad it worked.
I'm giving it back.
I'm done with that.
I'm back in Boston.
I'm at Tom's house.
I'm at the airport.
I'm an old man now.
I'm all better now.
I'm afraid for you.
I'm a teacher here.
I'm a lousy singer.
I'm a little shaky.
I'm a little drunk.
I'm a little dizzy.
I'll work with you.
I'll walk with you.
I'll wait with you.
I'll wait out here.
I'll vouch for you.
I'll vouch for Tom.
I'll take the risk.
I'll take the deal.
I'll take that one.
I'll take over now.
I'll take a chance.
I'll stop by later.
I'll stay with you.
I'll stay with Tom.
I'll shut the door.
I'll set the table.
I'll see you there.
I'll see you again.
I'll see Tom later.
I'll ride with you.
I'll never make it.
I'll never give up.
I'll never be rich.
I'll miss you, Tom.
I'll miss you guys.
I'll miss everyone.
I'll meet with Tom.
I'll make some tea.
I'll keep you warm.
I'll just sit here.
I'll just go check.
I'll help find Tom.
I'll go to college.
I'll go next month.
I'll go get it now.
I'll go find a pen.
I'll give you this.
I'll give Tom that.
I'll get your coat.
I'll get you a gun.
I'll get Tom ready.
I'll get the check.
I'll get some help.
I'll get rid of it.
I'll get ready now.
I'll get it myself.
I'll find a doctor.
I'll do that later.
I'll do it for you.
I'll do as you say.
I'll do as you ask.
I'll come help you.
I'll come by later.
I'll clean this up.
I'll call Tom back.
I'll buy you lunch.
I'll bring it back.
I'll be your guide.
I'll be right here.
I'll be right down.
I'll be in the lab.
I'll be in my room.
I'll be home early.
I'll be better now.
I'll be back early.
I'll be at my desk.
I'll agree to that.
I'd think about it.
I'd rather not try.
I'd rather go home.
I'd never say that.
I'd never hurt you.
I'd never hurt Tom.
I'd never hire Tom.
I'd better go home.
I'd better ask Tom.
I'd be up for that.
I wrote it for Tom.
I wouldn't miss it.
I won't be coerced.
I won't assist you.
I wish you success.
I wish we had time.
I wish I were dead.
I wish I had known.
I weigh pounds.
I wasn't told that.
I wasn't sick then.
I wasn't even here.
I was working late.
I was with someone.
I was told to help.
I was sound asleep.
I was raised right.
I was quite hungry.
I was proud of Tom.
I was only kidding.
I was just reading.
I was just looking.
I was just leaving.
I was just kidding.
I was in the house.
I was feeling sick.
I was asked to lie.
I was able to help.
I want you to lose.
I want Tom to lose.
I want to sit down.
I want to end this.
I want to eat here.
I want to beat Tom.
I want to be there.
I used to think so.
I used to hate Tom.
I used to be a cop.
I try to eat right.
I took your advice.
I took care of Tom.
I told Tom to come.
I never wear suits.
I met a nice woman.
I hate watching TV.
How's school going?
How was the flight?
How was the ballet?
How was everything?
How are you, buddy?
How are the others?
Here are the facts.
Everyone likes you.
Do you want it now?
Do you have a pass?
Clean up your room.
Can you deliver it?
Are you the doctor?
Are we on schedule?
Am I confusing you?
You're wrong, Tom.
You're our guests.
You're on my land.
You're late again.
You're in the way.
You're in my seat.
You're impossible.
You're a good son.
You're a good mom.
You're a good kid.
You're a good guy.
You're a good boy.
You're a big help.
You'll have to go.
You'll be with me.
You'll be OK here.
You would love it.
You weren't funny.
You were too late.
You were so sweet.
You were so right.
You were so great.
You were sensible.
You were charming.
You like everyone.
You have a future.
You have a choice.
Will you tell Tom?
Why should I quit?
Where is my money?
Where is everyone?
Where do you hurt?
What're the terms?
What're the facts?
What was the plan?
What have you got?
What good is this?
What good is that?
What could Tom do?
What can go wrong?
What a great view!
We're new in town.
We're new at this.
We're in position.
We're in no hurry.
We're all waiting.
We're all at risk.
We're a good team.
We know about Tom.
We haven't failed.
We have to escape.
We have no chance.
We have good jobs.
We have an answer.
We have a witness.
We have a warrant.
We have a visitor.
We have a vaccine.
We have a problem.
We have a meeting.
We have a deficit.
We figured it out.
We aren't friends.
We all missed Tom.
Tom, this is Mary.
Tom, are you here?
Tom won the fight.
Tom will die soon.
Tom will be found.
Tom will be fired.
Tom was very sick.
Tom was very good.
Tom was shivering.
Tom was not happy.
Tom was disgusted.
Tom was at school.
Tom was ambitious.
Tom was all alone.
Tom was a teacher.
Tom was a bad boy.
Tom wanted to cry.
Tom used to smoke.
Tom stole from me.
Tom sneezes a lot.
Tom set the timer.
Tom set his alarm.
Tom rinsed it off.
Tom read the news.
Tom rang the bell.
Tom paid by check.
Tom never said no.
Tom needed a bath.
Tom must be angry.
Tom made a speech.
Tom loves flowers.
Tom loved his job.
Tom loved bananas.
Tom loved animals.
Tom lit the match.
Tom likes to cook.
Tom liked his job.
Tom knew too much.
Tom isn't a child.
Tom is quite tall.
Tom is on the job.
Tom is on his own.
Tom is Mary's son.
Tom is in my room.
Tom is in his car.
Tom is in a panic.
Tom is in a hurry.
Tom is good at it.
Tom is at a party.
Tom is a romantic.
Tom is a pacifist.
Tom is a cool guy.
Tom is a comedian.
Tom is a bit pale.
Tom is a bad liar.
Tom is a bad boss.
Tom held his nose.
Tom heard a siren.
Tom has oily skin.
Tom has a new job.
Tom had one child.
Tom had no family.
Tom fed the sheep.
Tom fed the goats.
Tom drinks coffee.
Tom couldn't walk.
Tom coughed again.
Tom caught a fish.
They're very well.
They were worried.
They want it back.
They make me sick.
The bus was empty.
That'll be enough.
That was the plan.
That was the idea.
That was the deal.
Thanks a lot, Tom.
Take a break, Tom.
Strange, isn't it?
Roses have thorns.
Obey your parents.
Nobody was around.
Nobody visits Tom.
My knife is sharp.
Lucky, aren't you?
It wasn't a party.
It was disgusting.
It was dark green.
It was a pleasure.
It was a disaster.
It isn't a threat.
It isn't a secret.
Is everyone happy?
I'm Tom's partner.
I'm tired of this.
I'm sort of happy.
I'm sorry I asked.
I'm ready to talk.
I'm over my limit.
I'm on Tom's side.
I'm on page three.
I'm on my way now.
I'm on call today.
I'm now your boss.
I'm not the enemy.
I'm not that wild.
I'm not safe here.
I'm not paid much.
I'm not my father.
I'm not in a rush.
I'm not an artist.
I'm not a traitor.
I'm not a tourist.
I'm not a quitter.
I'm not a patient.
I'm not a lunatic.
I'm mad at myself.
I'm kind of tired.
I'm just so tired.
I'm just a friend.
I'm in my pajamas.
I'm in a bad mood.
I'm here now, Tom.
I'm good at games.
I'm going to swim.
I'm going to stay.
I'm going to come.
I'm glad I'm here.
I'm getting to it.
I'm getting tired.
I'm doing my duty.
I'm aware of that.
I'm at the prison.
I'm an only child.
I'm an old friend.
I'm already on it.
I'm almost thirty.
I'm all right now.
I'm all by myself.
I'm afraid of Tom.
I'm a member here.
I'm a little sore.
I'm a little cold.
I'm a hard worker.
I'll take the job.
I'll take the bus.
I'll sit with Tom.
I'll see you then.
I'll say it again.
I'll say I did it.
I'll ride my bike.
I'll pay you well.
I'll pay you back.
I'll hide in here.
I'll help you out.
I'll go right now.
I'll go by myself.
I'll go and check.
I'll give it back.
I'll get you more.
I'll get us a cab.
I'll get them now.
I'll get the door.
I'll get it later.
I'll do just that.
I'll do it myself.
I'll deal with it.
I'll come at once.
I'll check on Tom.
I'll bet it hurts.
I'll be over here.
I'll be out front.
I'll be in my lab.
I'll be in my car.
I'll be home soon.
I'll be going now.
I'll be fine here.
I'll be all right.
I'll ask Mary out.
I'd say go for it.
I'd never take it.
I'd never do that.
I'd be angry, too.
I wrote it myself.
I worry about you.
I work at the zoo.
I went to Harvard.
I went to college.
I went for a walk.
I wasn't offended.
I was on vacation.
I was on the road.
I was knocked out.
I was just scared.
I was in the bath.
I was helping out.
I was going to go.
I was enjoying it.
I was about to go.
I was a passenger.
I want you to win.
I want to do that.
I want it to stop.
I used to be cool.
I turned Tom down.
I tried to scream.
I took care of it.
I told Tom myself.
I think it's over.
I think I'll stay.
I never get drunk.
I love that store.
I like that dress.
How rich are they?
Here are the keys.
Have a drink, Tom.
Good morning, Tom.
Everything was OK.
Everyone was okay.
Do you want a hug?
Could you help us?
Are you impressed?
Are we in trouble?
Are those bedbugs?
You've upset Tom.
You're very sick.
You're the enemy.
You're on a roll.
You're not a god.
You're hilarious.
You're an artist.
You're all fools.
You're a problem.
You're a monster.
You're a lunatic.
You're a failure.
You're a big boy.
You'll be OK now.
You'll be missed.
You will obey us.
You will all die.
You were so cute.
You really stink.
You have to wait.
You have to stop.
You have to stay.
You have to rest.
You have an hour.
You have a point.
You have a guest.
You are the best.
Who was that guy?
Where's the rope?
Where's the list?
What's your type?
What're the odds?
We're a bit late.
We'll work on it.
We'll be OK, Tom.
We wish you luck.
We were very sad.
We were so proud.
We were so close.
We know all that.
We have to start.
We have no proof.
We have no money.
We have homework.
We have a theory.
We have a crisis.
We have a chance.
We all know that.
We all have jobs.
Tom wore a hoody.
Tom went to jail.
Tom was very sad.
Tom was relieved.
Tom was homeless.
Tom was friendly.
Tom was finished.
Tom was divorced.
Tom was a waiter.
Tom took a break.
Tom thanked Mary.
Tom smiled again.
Tom read my mind.
Tom punched Mary.
Tom promised Mary he'd do it.
Tom never saw it.
Tom needed a job.
Tom looked dirty.
Tom left quietly.
Tom isn't sleepy.
Tom isn't hungry.
Tom is on a roll.
Tom is on a diet.
Tom is in a suit.
Tom impressed me.
Tom hurt his leg.
Tom hit me first.
Tom has no alibi.
Tom has children.
Tom has chickens.
Tom has a temper.
Tom has a family.
Tom has a big TV.
Tom had to hurry.
Tom had a pistol.
Tom fed the pigs.
Tom drove faster.
Tom coughs a lot.
Tom beat up Mary.
This isn't a map.
This is relaxing.
This is not fair.
This is critical.
They're the same.
They're immature.
They're brothers.
They work for me.
They were crying.
They looked good.
They have a plan.
They had a fight.
They got in line.
They didn't talk.
They both agreed.
They all love me.
The sky was gray.
The radio was on.
The bill was $30.
That's a big lie.
Take a seat, Tom.
Take a look, Tom.
Take a hike, Tom.
School's not fun.
Scary, wasn't it?
Say your prayers.
Pretty, isn't it?
It's been a week.
It's almost noon.
It'll be a start.
It wasn't a joke.
It was dark blue.
It was a tragedy.
It was a miracle.
It was a hot day.
It was a bad job.
Is that your dog?
I've been robbed.
