She was one of the most beautiful girls.
Mary is the most beautiful girl I know.
I wish you all the best.
He said, "Leave me alone."
The pupils of her eyes had the blackness of a deep chasm.
If you were forced to sign that contract, then it's invalid.
Am I pretty?
You're ugly.
Am I pretty or ugly?
I think you're pretty.
I think you're interesting.
He takes himself very seriously.
She takes herself very seriously.
I think you're pretty rough on yourself.
I think you're pretty hard on yourself.
I think you're beautiful.
I'm so sorry for what's happened but don't worry. It won't happen again.
You're being too hard on yourself.
I made it for you. Do you like it?
We began to kiss.
They began to kiss.
I think I'm drunk.
I thought you wouldn't like me.
She has two cats.
I wonder what our langauge sounds like to a non-native speaker.
Your insight is poor and your judgment is impaired.
I'm used to being teased for being vegan.
Well, this has been quite an interesting conversation.
They have two cats.
Alright, go and tell the guard that I am remitting his punishment.
Tom has two cats.
I prefer the vizier's well-intentioned lie to your malicious truth.
Tom has many cats.
Tom doesn't have any cats.
And what do you base your demand on?
Does Tom have a cat?
For God's sake, I've had enough already! Just shut up.
I don't look down upon any living being. Needless to say, I'm no God. I'm a human being myself; I may have made mistakes, I do admit.
You fucked up my life.
Don't expect me to be truthful when you keep lying to me so blatantly.
You've tried so hard to put me to shame, haven't you?
You've abused my trust.
One generation passeth away, and another generation cometh: but the earth abideth for ever.
One generation goes, and another generation comes; but the earth remains forever.
That which is crooked cannot be made straight: and that which is wanting cannot be numbered.
Love one another, as I have loved you.
I think I'm a likable guy.
I have seen all the works that are done under the sun; and behold, all is vanity and a chasing after wind.
I think I'm still drunk from last night.
Tom's distinguishing feature is the way he speaks through his nose.
Let's eat supper.
Let's eat dinner.
Most government workers are on furlough.
It's good to see that our efforts were not in vain.
What did you put in your smoothie?
Join in, try it out, do it better!
Her story brought tears to my eyes.
Tom's story brought tears to my eyes.
Did I keep you waiting long?
I don't know how I managed to do that. The main thing is that I was able to do it at all.
I am familiar with him.
Yeah, a little.
I willingly have done whate'er I could.
I did everything I could to help Tom find a job.
The first step is a doozy.
Do you think Tom will go willingly?
Tom will never willingly go there by himself.
Tom may not resign willingly.
He's leaving for Leningrad tonight.
Tom has willingly done everything we've asked him to do.
Tom has done everything we've asked him to do without complaining.
Melanie is drinking milk.
What time does the next train bound for Tokyo leave?
What time does the next train going to Tokyo leave?
Melanie is eating an apple.
Dick tried to solve that problem, but he couldn't.
He had proposed to me in front of the church.
Tom proposed to Mary in front of the church.
Tom walked down the corridor and into Mary's office.
I love garlic.
You're gonna pay for this!
Is this baby a boy or a girl?
Masha did not know her parents.
I saw Pulp Fiction yesterday.
Some shadow of doubt now covered his face.
Our mayor is a good and wise man.
His hastiness sometimes messes things up.
Write clear and unambiguous texts!
Tom's father died before he was born.
It's very easy to make you worry, isn't it?
Both of Tom's parents died when he was just a baby, so he doesn't remember either one of them.
Human interdependence is our only way to survive.
I feel exhausted today.
I'm not insulting their parents.
Most boys like TV games.
Most boys like video games.
Tom's father died before Tom was born.
I'm not going to dance with any Tom, Dick or Harry.
For Pete's sake turn that music down!
He went into the kitchen, and before you could say Jack Robinson he had produced a meal.
Add the powder, stir it, and Bob's your uncle.
These trousers are too long for me.
This is a new pair of scissors.
These scissors are new.
Are you a coffee drinker?
Tom was a bit late.
Tom was a little late.
Ah! What nice weather!
Could you clarify the meaning of your sentence for me?
He is president in name only.
Mike came back from the library at five.
I was in the east of the country when the crime occurred.
How many times do you go to the dentist in a year?
Tom stormed into his office and slammed the door.
Matsutake mushrooms are in season now so they are cheap.
I like fish better than meat.
I like fish more than meat.
Why do rabbits have long ears?
May your dreams come true today!
Excuse me, which way to the station is the shortest?
The mischievous little boy loved his dad very much.
Tom got into the car with Mary and they drove away.
The pupils of her eyes had the blackness of a deep abyss.
Her pupils were as black and deep as an abyss.
Carrots are good for your eyes. Have you ever seen a rabbit wearing glasses?
Tell me who you are and where you come from.
The last hope fled from his mind.
The last hope fled from her mind.
In an hour my son will come home from school.
Either word can be used according to the free choice of the users.
You have chosen me as an object of your amusement.
Is it so hard to choose between heaven and hell?
I've chosen her to be my wife.
May God give those who know me ten times more than what they give me.
Eliminated by desire of the author.
He is the best of us all.
When John, who was in prison, heard about Christ's deeds, he sent two of his disciples to ask him "Are you the one who is to come, or should we expect another?"
For your bed itself cries out that you aren't letting yourself throw the nights away in vain.
My girl loved that sparrow more than her own eyes.
Oh evil deed!
I hate and I love. Why would I do this, maybe you're asking? I don't know, but I feel it happening and am tortured.
This is an historical moment.
This is a historical moment.
This is an historic moment.
This is a historic moment.
She speaks seven languages.
Tom was seduced by Mary's impressive language skills.
"You're really clumsy!" "Get out of my face. I already know that."
In times of abundance, remember the times of famine.
Whatever you do, do it wise with your eyes on the prize.
Stick with what you're good at.
Smiling makes me happy.
The local ecosystems are under threat.
The local ecosystems are threatened.
It's nothing compared to what he did.
It's nothing compared to what she did.
Mary texted with Tom late into the night.
I really like the word "credible".
I'm quite interested in philosophy.
Tom's home has a kobold infestation.
That goes for you too!
Even the dog doesn't recognize him.
Whatever you do, do it with foresight, focusing on the result.
Hello and farewell, brother.
Here is my family.
We are going to make a video.
Who usually sits on the dunce's seat?
Who usually sits on the bench of disgrace?
It is better to hear the rebuke of the wise, than for a man to hear the song of fools.
Look at the people in the photos.
I have a gift for Mary.
My older sister Angelina is sixteen years old.
When can I open my gifts?
I'm going to prepare some hamburgers.
Here is Tom.
I love to decorate with balloons.
I love living in this marvellous town.
Do you like living in Rome?
How long have you been living in Italy?
I've been living in Milan for ten years.
Do you want to come with me?
I prefer the movies by Roberto Benigni.
I'd like to see the latest movie with Brad Pitt.
Which movie would you like to see?
Tonight I'd like to go to the movies.
No, I've been engaged to Mary for two years.
I learned that while doing an essay on them at school.
Who doesn't know that?
I definitely remember seeing a picture of you and Tom together.
Wasn't it still called "acid rock" back then?
A merry heart does good like a medicine.
My nickname is Tom.
My nickname isn't Tom.
It's nothing compared to what she did to me.
It's nothing compared to what he did to me.
Tom wrote poems about his love for Mary.
Why are you wasting my time?
Friendship, that's like home.
The word "hybrid" is derived from the Latin "hybrida".
I went to school because I wanted a diploma.
You eat while I study.
Since he went to bed early, I went out.
I arrived home then I ate something.
She went to school, but didn't study much.
I don't like the theater, but I go nevertheless because you like it.
He went to bed, but he didn't sleep.
I became famous because my name is Kardashian.
I went back home, then I went out with my friends.
I came back from the school, then I went out with my friends.
I didn't eat anything all day, in short, I'm starving.
I didn't eat anything all day, in short, I have the hunger of a wolf.
I have the hunger of a wolf.
I was born in Italy, therefore I am very handsome.
Since it was the first time we arrived late at school, our teacher didn't give us detention.
I ate while I studied.
I'm sleepy, so I'm going to bed.
Planting trees at this age!
Besides loving sports, my son also loves art.
Tom sat on the bench smoking.
It's my fault. I know that.
Could the last one out turn off the light?
They made an assault on the summit.
Please save a seat for me.
Melanie is busy right now.
Thus I tell you don't just go alone.
You yourself should know.
The cowl does not make the monk.
I think this bishop is a wolf in sheep's clothing.
What does it concern you? That's my business!
What does it concern you?
Today, I confessed my love to her. I said, "I've fallen in love with you." After that, she didn't know what to say at first. A few minutes passed until she finally said, "Things are going a little too quickly. I'd like to get to know you better first."
What does that have to do with you? This is my business!
Naples is the largest city in southern Italy.
Some of your co-workers are very active at night.
Maybe your dreams will be realized today!
I'm prepared to do anything to better myself.
I know it's my fault.
Tom sat on a bench smoking a cigarette.
Tom only thinks about making money.
All Tom thinks about is making money.
If you eat at this time of night, you'll get fat.
Tom was offered a leading role in a horror movie.
It's hard to believe that no one was covered by the building's debris in the earthquake this morning.
The search for the appropriate adjective proved to be difficult.
I'd also like the same, please.
I borrow books from the city library.
He has decided to become a pilot.
There are simpler things in life than finding a good husband. Nailing jelly to a tree, for example.
I know that you are not supposed to download music off the internet without paying for it, but I do it anyway.
Tatoeba is not a school; it's a university!
Tatoeba is not a school — it is a university!
I am as rich as he is.
He reads better than I do.
That is the most beautiful thing of all.
Horses are bigger than dogs, but cats are smaller than dogs.
The elephant is the bulkiest of all four-legged animals.
He spoke only to the chief of police and not to the policeman.
The manager of the hotel is very kind; he spoke kindly to the girl.
Slowly she disappeared in the nebulous woods.
Your handwriting is practically illegible.
I'm truly sorry to have to say this.
Your handwriting is very hard to read.
A book can excite.
A book can be thrilling.
A book can be exciting.
Do you like my island?
You can not afford this house!
I'm not a man less stronger than you.
Every creature of the world is like a book and a picture to us- and a mirror.
I'm going to puke.
The show is ruined now!
Russia is a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma.
I got these tickets to the concert for free.
I got the tickets for free.
I got a ticket for free.
Have you seen my coffer?
She didn't want to go out anyway.
As we have opportunity, let us do good.
This morning, I saw at a glance that he was fancily dressed.
Did you drink some milk today?
Claudia asked Paolo, "Do you love Francesca?"
We closed the door.
Have you all decided where to go?
They said they didn't want to come.
I discussed the problem with my mom.
He's read thirty-three books this year.
We put the books on the table.
We put the book on the table.
Have you offered to help your teacher?
They lost their dog.
I took my purse from the car.
Did you respond badly to your father?
Did you respond talk back to your father?
Alejandra wrote to her pen pal in Italy.
We spent too much for the Christmas presents.
Have you seen the new film?
Have you seen the new movie?
They won the match.
If you were forced to sign it, the contract is invalid.
I think we need to protect human rights.
I believe that the exploitation of the environment is a bad thing.
I think that globalization has negative effects as well as positive.
I think it's unfair.
I believe that the world has many serious problems.
If you were forced to sign the contract, it's invalid.
I believe that multiculturalism is beneficial for a nation.
I hope there is a resolution of this problem.
The problem of poverty is growing worldwide.
Each person must give a hand to combat the problem of poverty.
It is very important to address the problem.
It's very important to address the problem.
In many countries today there is a problem of violence.
I think it is very important that the whole world helps these countries.
Australia is a very lucky country.
Australia is a very fortunate country.
We have a good government and all the people have the freedom.
But in other countries there is a problem of poverty.
I love bananas.
Do you like the taste of lemons?
Mary likes to eat pineapple in the morning.
My sister and I hate the taste of peach.
Do you like ripe apricots?
They prefer green apples.
Mary likes watermelons more than melons.
How much are the pears?
The kiwis cost 3€ a kilo.
How much is a kilo of grapes?
A kilo of figs costs 2.50€.
Can you give me a kilo of plums?
Oranges are bigger than tangerines.
He didn't return until it was already too late.
Who usually sits in the dunce's seat?
Tangerines are smaller than oranges.
Strawberries and cream are delicious.
Cherries are cheaper than redcurrants.
Raspberries are very expensive.
Red currants are smaller than strawberries.
Why don't we make a blackberry cake?
Why don't you open the coconut?
Do you want to add avocado to the salad?
What do you think if we buy mangos for lunch?
Do you prefer green or ripe bananas?
Just when you thought there couldn't be anything crazier than Wikipedia, along came Tatoeba.
Attention! Your new password and confirmation password do not match. Please confirm and try again.
Do you think I'm a dictator?
Something like that had never, ever happened to me.
I will never, ever eat at this restaurant again.
The girl is trying to ride on just one wheel. Her small vehicle is called a unicycle.
I usually get up at 7:00.
As soon as I get up, I have a shower.
We shut the door.
We have shut the door.
Tom is awkward.
Tom is a goon.
The little girl is blowing into a trumpet.
Tom's residence is a little too big for just one person.
I'm going to the market; do you need anything?
The Gauls are close to the Germanic tribes.
We're all pawns.
The fruit of this tree is not to be eaten.
I can't figure out what the child is crying about.
I have a book.
The advantages granted by the language for communication, learning of complex information, and conception of abstract ideas are obvious.
As soon as I get up, I take a shower.
In a museum I saw a very old hourglass.
There is something good with every evil.
Say nothing but good things about the dead.
If you can't speak well of the dead, say nothing.
I always get dressed before I have breakfast.
I have breakfast at 7:30.
After breakfast, I brush my teeth.
I leave my house at 8:in the morning.
I arrive at work at 8:30.
I have class from a.m. to p.m..
At p.m. I have lunch at a restaurant.
I go home at p.m..
Later on I do a little exercise.
At p.m. I have dinner with my family.
I go to bed around 11:p.m.
You can also get the weather forecast by telephone.
If you are capable of doing good for someone then do not hold back.
Withhold not good from them to whom it is due, when it is in the power of thine hand to do it.
A spiral staircase leads onto the gallery of the church.
In Mary's garden is a charming wood cabin.
Everyone says that Nancy is very pretty.
It's important to be, rather than to seem.
I ought to get me some clarity.
No one can wear a mask for very long.
Art is deceived by art.
Art is made fun of by art.
I'm not at all interested in physics.
I'm not interested in physics at all.
The reason Tom got angry was that I didn't say anything.
I walked through the deserted streets around the witching hour.
I'm sorry, but I won't be able to help you.
I don't have enough money, so I couldn't go with you even if I wanted to.
I'm sorry that I bothered you.
I'm sorry for bothering you.
Tom answered the phone as soon as it rang.
Tom usually keeps his phone in manner mode.
Tom switched his phone to manner mode before he walked into Mary's office.
Usually before a concert there is an announcement asking the audience to either turn off their phones or switch them to manner mode.
Thank you very much! — You're welcome.
First we have to carry the barbecue from the cellar out into the garden.
I won't willingly give up this house. I'll leave it either in handcuffs or in a coffin!
They skinned him alive.
This is not normal.
It's not supposed to be this way.
There's a lot we can agree on.
Even though we disagree on many things, there are some things we agree on.
The first colonizers of the United States of America were the English and French.
The boy pronounces the words well.
The question was followed by another question.
The ambassador has returned.
Let's arm wrestle.
Do you want to arm wrestle?
I miss you a lot.
If I were you, I wouldn't talk to him.
Do you like science fiction movies?
The spider is spinning a web.
Do you like playing computer games?
I don't think she usually tells lies.
Can you do it in reverse?
Actually, that's what he was wishing for.
Nothing is as dangerous to you as flattery. You know that she's lying and yet you believe her.
I am eating, which is different to drinking.
Do you like the color of Mary's dress?
I went to the spa.
They go to the hammam every week.
Thermae were Roman baths.
We relaxed in the jacuzzi.
She likes to go to the sauna.
Tom got mercury poisoning because he ate canned tuna every day.
She got her hair done.
I got my hair done yesterday.
I got a facial, a manicure and a pedicure.
Tom woke up around noon.
I started going to the gym.
I changed my hairstyle.
Her name was Mary.
His name was Tom.
They argued about the sentence.
We ate pancakes with maple syrup.
Would you like a glass of OJ with your breakfast?
Would you like a glass of orange juice with your breakfast?
We ate eggs Benedict with hash browns.
The cows are fed antibiotics and hormones.
Soy milk is a great substitute for milk.
He's lactose intolerant.
There are many alternatives to cow milk, such as goat milk, almond milk, coconut milk, soy milk, hemp milk and rice milk.
You thought about everything.
He thought about everything.
She thought about everything.
It must have cost a fortune.
She opened her lunch box.
He opened her lunch box.
I made some bunny-shaped cookies.
I usually have a ham and cheese sandwich for lunch.
Can I sit with you?
They ate lunch together.
Do you guys know Tom?
There are many good restaurants in Boston.
She's my age.
We made some squirrel-shaped cookies.
I filled the pool with water.
She flicked her hair over her shoulder.
Mary could not bring herself to eat the cute squirrel-shaped cookies that Tom had baked for her.
Mary went crazy with excitement when she saw the squirrel-shaped cookies that Tom had baked.
It is not good that the man should be alone.
Lebkuchen are a traditional German Christmas cookie.
She turned down all of her suitors.
The toast popped out of the toaster.
He who lives by the sword dies by the sword.
Maria's small gingerbread bakery quickly became a thriving global corporation. Tom's squirrel cookies made from nut dough are now all the rage everywhere.
All they that take the sword shall perish with the sword.
I returned, and saw under the sun, that the race is not to the swift, nor the battle to the strong, neither yet bread to the wise, nor yet riches to men of understanding, nor yet favor to men of skill; but time and chance happen to them all.
"Tom, do you have school today?" "No, classes were canceled because of the typhoon."
Who recommended that?
Who recommended Tom for the job?
No matter how hard you try, you can't learn English in two or three months.
Legions of translators make a living only because they don't speak Esperanto.
In the middle of a pond on a tiny island is a charming little duck house.
I only know this: that I know nothing.
We can't all do everything.
What the hell was Tom thinking?
What the hell was he thinking?
What the hell was she thinking?
What the hell were you thinking?
I have small hands.
I'll try to exercise daily.
Yes indeed, it certainly is.
Tom didn't know that Mary loved him.
I'll quote a few lines from their letter.
I'll explain the reason in the fifth chapter of this book.
I'd burn down the whole city for some sodomy right now.
He chose three beautiful roses for her.
I need a man who tells the truth.
I am not a prophet.
Belsnickel is a scary German Santa Claus.
Location: A fewminutes from the Verona Est turnpike exit.
I'll quote a few lines from her letter.
"And what's in the building on the other side of the yard?" "There are stables on the ground floor and haylofts above them."
When was the last time you gave flowers to your wife?
When was the last time you went on a date?
It's not good that man should be alone.
You know more than I do about German customs and traditions.
First come, first serve, was the word, and the first hundred customers got a certificate; whoever came later was shit out of luck.
Out of the overflow of the heart the mouth speaks.
I'm nervous when speaking in another language.
I'm watching TV now.
What is your favourite colour?
I often feel motivated to learn more.
I expect to receive an email from the company today.
Your writing is very illegible.
She should have followed Mary's advice.
Who was the inventor of the telephone, Bell or Meucci?
The high-ranking official kept his calm.
It will cost you more fixing it than buying a new one.
Today, Mom has made an apricot cake.
He quarreled with his own self.
The test is at p.m.
How many times will you have to go to the dentist?
How many times do you have to go to the dentist?
Where do you know him from?
Where do you want to go this summer vacation?
Where do you stay when you're in Boston?
Where do you stay when you come to Boston?
I can see a woman and two dogs in the car.
"I'm hungry." "Me too." "Will we have something to eat?" "Yes."
Thinking negatively can become a habit.
The farmer dug a hole so he could plant a tree.
Will you help me pack my suitcase?
Please be patient with me.
Have patience with me.
No great intellectual thing was ever done by great effort; a great thing can only be done by a great man, and he does it without effort.
The Earth is too small.
We have erected thirty benches on the walking trails around our village.
Why don't you come and see me sometime?
She's unbelievably naive.
I'm surprised that you're so naive.
Why is Mary going on a picnic with him?
I need help!
Can you recommend a good book?
Can you recommend a good movie?
Can you recommend a good hotel?
Can you please repeat what you just said?
Would you please repeat what you just said?
Please repeat what you just said.
Today is Thursday, October 17, 2013. Three months ago I joined Tatoeba. It's been an exciting experience.
"Have to" is more common than "must."
Bolt is bound to win.
He's bound to forget.
Are you capable of swimming?
Are you able of swimming?
Doing that is your responsibility.
It's your responsibility to do that.
She might be studying.
Tom might be in the park with his friends.
Niobe is an ambiguous character.
There are problems of communication.
This speech is very important.
Rape is a shame for her and her family.
Tom could be with his friends, but I don't think he is.
There's a possibility that Tom is with his friends, but I don't think he is.
The four seasons of the year are spring, summer, autumn, and winter.
I really need a vacation.
Do you like mine?
I was a forest in a past life.
In my past life, I was a forest.
I've been practising karate since I was a child.
I tend to procrastinate.
I only like to drink cold drinks.
I enjoy reading.
I like to snowboard and ride dirtbikes.
We went to dinner and had a few drinks after the show.
I love listening to music.
Do you watch movies?
I am years old.
I was smoking.
I was playing.
She's a very very funny girl.
I'll keep you company.
This noise is unbearable.
I just started using this site a little while ago.
The truth hurts, doesn't it?
Break a leg!
Who knows!
I wish it were true.
Thank goodness!
Unfortunately!
It's a very big social problem.
Good luck with your exam.
We don't give a fuck.
Kendo is a martial art.
Kendo is a Japanese martial art.
Describe me the mixed martial arts.
I have a best friend.
I go straight home after work.
The performance lasts two and a half hours.
What are your plans for Sunday?
What plans do you have for Sunday?
The furniture was covered in dust.
Esperanto is easy to pronounce.
The costs resulting from alcoholism are enormous.
She returned quickly.
The existence of nation-states gave Europe a great advantage over the rest of the world.
Time is pressing, and quick action is needed.
It's time to resolve this question once and for all.
The more information you give me, the better the advice I can provide you.
Ken is too busy to come.
I don't know if he's dead or alive.
I don't know if he's still alive.
Can't you just get away from that stupid idea already?
I don't know if she still lives there.
When I was little, I supposedly ate nothing but peaches.
Nobody knows where Bill went.
Okay. How much?
The day before yesterday, I sent Tom an e-mail, but I haven't received any answer from him yet.
The street which leads to the hotel is narrow.
The street leading to the hotel is narrow.
Please tell me which of the two cameras is better.
Why aren't you answering me?
Why won't you answer me?
Why don't you answer me?
Tom doesn't know the difference between Rome and the Roman Empire.
Tom asked Mary for forgiveness.
Buy the dress you want.
I wouldn't want to tell him the truth.
I read at least a book a month.
"Did you understand that?" "No, not at all."
"Did you get that?" "No, not at all."
Better alone than in bad company.
It was a big misunderstanding.
It was all a big misunderstanding.
There is no pleasure without pain.
A friend in the market is better than money in the chest.
I'm afraid that my efforts to help her are just a waste of time.
Do ghosts have shadows?
The bronze bell sounds nice.
I am afraid of crashing into a truck like that.
My laser printer can also scan an image.
Everybody is the architect of their own fortune.
Tom took his finger off the trigger.
Tom took his finger off the trigger and lowered his gun.
Tom took his finger off the trigger and put his pistol back in its holster.
You never know when he's going to throw another tantrum.
I've got nothing against waiting, but after two hours I'm feeling understandably a bit impatient.
Mary was amazed at how precisely Tom sensed how she was feeling.
It was too late to help Tom. All the doctor could do was to pronounce him dead.
You'll have to wear warm clothes, otherwise you'll catch a cold.
He places his soul in the hands of God.
You can take either road to get to the park.
He won't say no to a glass of liqueur.
He won't say no to a little liqueur.
I'll talk about you.
University fees in Britain are about £9,per year.
Master's degrees in Britain are not very common.
Sellers and buyers are anonymous and very hard to recognize.
Please tell me where I can park my car.
The black market of drugs and weapons is very wide.
The couple paid a lot of money for their furniture.
Tom should leave before it rains.
This article pokes fun at vegetarians.
The cake should be done soon.
Why are you accusing my son?
There are many beautiful parks in Boston.
Boston has many beautiful parks.
I assumed you would come.
I thought you would come.
Here, you will find all sorts of musical instruments.
There's no one in the house but her.
Before winter I'll have the windows painted, as the paint on them is slowly peeling off, especially outside.
The book paints a fine description of the customs of the country.
You can draw an interesting parallel between those two events.
Tom has written a very good paper on the production of rubber.
Tom had to overcome many obstacles before he achieved success.
They just padded the report to make it look more impressive.
I'll overlook it this time, but don't let it happen again.
For the most part the weather has been nice this summer.
I haven't traveled much in these parts for a long time.
We overlooked Tom's name when we sent out invitations.
It's a bit noisy, but otherwise it's a nice apartment.
Tom said that the mistake was due to an oversight.
The team was outfitted by one of the local stores.
Mix two parts of rum with one part of lemon juice.
I'm willing to offer three hundred dollars for it.
When it started to get dark, I quickened my pace.
There are many lawyers working with this outfit.
The parade had already begun when we got there.
Several hundred men were packed into the boat.
You get two pairs of trousers with this suit.
Write your telephone number down on this pad.
We camped for two weeks in the national park.
Please don't throw the bottle out the window.
Outline Boston on this map with a red pencil.
I didn't realize that Tom's bill was overdue.
Tom always takes Mary's part in an argument.
The boys and girls paired off for the dance.
The baby weighed seven pounds, eight ounces.
I wouldn't part with that book at any price.
I can only afford to make a partial payment.
Tom was caught padding his expense account.
There are three hundred pages in this book.
Has the mailman delivered a package for me?
You owe it to yourself to take a vacation.
Tom painted a good portrait of his mother.
Tom's pardon was granted by the governor.
The hall was decorated with potted palms.
I have a splinter in the palm of my hand.
A pack of wolves attacked the traveler.
Tom kept a pair of rabbits for breeding.
I bought a suit with two pairs of pants.
Wait until I look this manuscript over.
Tom packed his wife off to the country.
They still have many outstanding debts.
The train is about a half-hour overdue.
My staying here is out of the question.
Tom's part of the work isn't finished.
There's a parcel for you on the table.
The road runs parallel with the river.
The fence is part wood and part stone.
The donkeys were carrying heavy packs.
Tom refused to take part in the game.
It's over three kilometers from here.
The mailman just delivered a parcel.
Here's a brief outline of my speech.
Do you have some good writing paper?
Tom ought to leave before it rains.
The governor pardoned the criminal.
I want to buy a pack of cigarettes.
We traveled over a very good road.
Tom traveled all over the country.
The net weight is three kilograms.
The city has many beautiful parks.
When did you come over to France?
What part of town do you live in?
Tom is a famous portrait painter.
Both my parents are still living.
Where is that new pack of cards?
Put a pan of water on the stove.
I saw your friend the other day.
Why are you pacing up and down?
Tom was overcome with jealousy.
Tom almost fell over the cliff.
There is wet paint on the door.
The cake ought to be done soon.
It's outside your jurisdiction.
Have you packed your trunk yet?
Have you packed your books yet?
Do you have a pair of scissors?
Tom played his part very well.
Our house overlooks the river.
My profits were just on paper.
Who does Tom pal around with?
When is the performance over?
We are all out of cigarettes.
Tom was overcome by the heat.
That story is a pack of lies.
It's cold and windy outdoors.
Is that an original painting?
Tom is an outstanding actor.
The train was really packed.
The house was painted white.
It's silly to fight over it.
How do I get over the river?
Don't stumble over the rock.
Tom is an out-and-out liar.
Did you do it out of spite?
Why are you so pale today?
Where's the morning paper?
We've been pals for years.
Tom read it over and over.
May I look the house over?
Use your other hand, too.
Tom parachuted to safety.
They're panning for gold.
I have a pain in my side.
Are these your own books?
Were you outdoors today?
We parted at the corner.
The fan is over my head.
Who owns this property?
Tom paints best in oil.
Now the secret is out.
Let's do it ourselves.
I only work part-time.
You are out of step.
Are you out of work?
They voted Tom out.
Is it cold outside?
What's over there?
Is this our cabin?
What's left over?
You are definitely a native speaker.
"Have you ever seen Mary without her handbag?" "Mary? No, never."
Esperanto exists despite the 'Esperantists'.
Even if all agree, all can be wrong.
Tom inherited the family business.
Tom followed in his father's footsteps.
Tom took over the family business.
You put too much sugar in your tea.
He was a handsome man.
She had blue eyes.
He had blue eyes.
We played chess.
We used to watch TV.
You and Sally used to eat a lot.
I played violin when I was young.
The house was big.
They used to buy Nike shoes.
“Before you embark on a journey of revenge, dig two graves.” - Confusius
As time passes, wisdom increases.
Well, I have class.
Same here.
I played violin when I was a kid.
I played clarinet when I was in high school.
I played trumpet in our high school band.
My army is getting ready!
I was home last night.
My boss is so stupid!
Why were you wearing a jacket?
Was she working yesterday?
We were working hard on the project.
Wasn't John supposed to be here?
I was with Claudia last week.
Who was that man waiting outside?
How many people were you planning to bring?
It was a beautiful presentation.
One has to forget this bad year.
When I was a child, I wanted to be an astronaut.
Why were you talking to her?
He was my boss.
She was my boss.
Why were you talking to Tom?
He snored all night and his wife couldn't sleep.
What were you talking to Tom about?
What were you and Tom talking about?
I was with Tom last week.
Wasn't Tom supposed to be here?
Was Tom working yesterday?
This wind announces a storm.
The airer is always in the way!
Rules are made for fools to follow and for wise men to use as a guideline.
He is soon to be a father.
He will soon be a father.
He will soon become a father.
In his whole life my father has never been ill.
You were loved by this person because of your wealth.
You asked me to love you.
The boy you killed was your son.
My mobile phone is broken.
She gave him all of her money.
She gave him all of her silver.
Whose booklet is that?
Last night I wrote three letters.
I see him often.
A good life pleases God.
An honest life is pleasing to God.
King Darius was defeated by Alexander the Great.
Ants and bees are examples of industry and harmony.
I think fondly of my childhood.
Tom didn't have enough money to go to the concert.
If I search for "什么" using Simplified Chinese, I expect to also see "甚麼" in the results.
He deserves to be jailed.
She deserves to be jailed.
My older sister gave me an iPhone, but I don't know how to use it.
I met him while he was studying.
What date is it?
He somehow managed to swim across the river.
What day is it?
What colour is it?
I hate fish.
I know what she can do.
I don't know which one I want.
Francesca helps Paolo.
Tom often helps Mary with her homework.
My name is Francesca.
There is a surprise.
I've been to Italy many times.
Do you want some cheese?
I feel like having an ice cream.
Welcome to Colombia, Dave.
I've been to Boston more than once.
The doctor wouldn't accept any gifts from the poor.
What color is it?
I trust you, don't worry.
Tom is always sleeping.
Zero is a special number.
Did you mean for both of these sentences to be one contribution?
The word Brasilia has four syllables and eight letters.
The majority of animals have skulls.
He visited his aunt yesterday.
She waited for me until I arrived.
Do me a favour and shut up!
The wall is white on the outside and green on the inside.
This book is written in such easy English that even beginners can understand it.
This is a film all parents should watch.
What are the advantages of this technology?
I dream about going to Tunisia in a few years.
Sushi sounds good, but I'd rather eat Thai food.
Sushi is OK, but I'd prefer Thai food.
The vanilla in my chicken soup is sickening.
I boarded the train bound for London.
"Me, I'm fascinated by the world of magic and miracles," murmured Maria.
The weather report for tomorrow forecasts degrees Celsius at most.
It is degrading for her.
That's a sort of exploration challenge.
That's a kind of exploration challenge.
With time, everything will become clear.
Kill the bunnies first.
Do you need a place to stay?
Do what you can.
Our house is a historic building and is listed as a protected monument.
I lived in the Rhineland for many years.
I lived in Boston many years.
I lived in Boston for more than three years.
I lived in Boston for about three years.
You're welcome to write to me.
You make hardly any mistakes.
They say that water tanks made from asbestos can pose a health risk.
Systemic diseases are those that affect the entire organism.
I'd pay you a visit if I had time.
The 14th of November is the World Diabetes Day.
Do you believe you're really ugly?
My hair is clumsily cut.
Akanukeshita is the term which is used to describe Japanese etiquette and in practical terms refers to refined elegant manners and speech.
It is dangerous to lean out.
Soon I will be very rich.
Where did you put my navigational instruments?
We have to decide today.
Today my brother marries my best friend.
I can't stand it here any longer. I need a change of scenery.
We don't like you.
I'm dying to relax on the beach.
I'm dying to pick some fresh fruit.
I'm dying to order some desserts.
I'm dying to find out if I got the job.
I'm dying to move to a bigger house.
I'm dying to look at all the work you've done.
You won't solve any problems while ever you blame each other.
I'm dying to learn more about you.
I'm dying to introduce you to my parents.
I'm dying to expand my business.
I'm dying to check my score on the test.
It's my turn to walk home.
It's my turn to do laundry.
It's my turn to work late.
It's my turn to take out the trash.
It's my turn to choose where we eat.
It's my turn to pay for dinner.
It's my turn to roll the dice.
It's my turn to provide an answer.
It's my turn to try and play the game.
It's my turn to attempt solving the problem.
It's hard for me to accept what you are telling me.
It's hard for me to argue your point.
It's hard for me to balance my check book.
It's hard for me to concentrate on the task.
It's hard for me to depend on you.
It's hard for me to decide where to go tonight.
It's hard for me to explain my actions.
It's hard for me to guarantee your success.
It's hard for me to handle so much pressure.
I'm having a hard time writing.
I'm having a hard time understanding you.
I'm having a hard time answering your question.
I'm having a hard time downloading songs to my iPod.
I'm having a hard time agreeing to the terms.
I'm having an extremely hard time trusting you.
I'm having an extremely hard time with my wife.
I'm having a very hard time finding a job.
I'm having a very hard time finding parts for my car.
I think I should practice my reading.
I think I should join a study group.
I think I should handle this as soon as possible.
I think I should earn my degree.
I think I should explain myself.
I don't think I should complain so much.
I don't think I should attend that event.
I don't think I should borrow more money.
I don't think I should doubt you.
I don't think I should decide until later.
He never thinks about him.
Recently, Tom has stopped seeing anything worthwhile in his work.
Tom left his parents' house this spring and has been living alone since then.
Despite our bad luck, we had one bit of good luck: we had performed a full backup the day before.
He won't be able to come anymore due to his obligations.
Since I had suffered from hay fever for many years, this medicine was truly like a salvation.
Where did you find him?
Has he been saying bad things about Tom again?
Where did you find her?
Was the Tatoeba site created by a Japanese guy?
Was the Tatoeba site started by a Japanese person?
Currently, many students have a dictionary but don't know how to use it correctly.
As it is now, many schoolchildren own a dictionary but don't really know what to do with it.
Take a real break!
Mary thinks that learning foreign languages is tedious and boring.
I think she would be happy to receive a new computer.
The cat was strutting around the yard, when it suddenly ran into the house.
It's a shame I can't afford the gift she deserves.
The day after tomorrow is Marina's birthday.
I'm afraid I can't afford the gift she deserves.
She was always different.
I was always different.
He was always different.
Tom was always different from other children.
He always wanted to do things his way.
She always wanted to do things her way.
He was always different from other children.
She was always different from other children.
She's alone in her room reading a book.
They looked at me funny.
She takes sewing classes.
She makes her own clothes.
He makes his own clothes.
She made clothes for her barbies.
She made clothes for her dolls with her mom.
They relaxed on the beach.
Don't worry, mom. I'll be alright!
I'll find another job.
She wrote an autobiographical novel.
She wrote a novel based on her own childhood memories.
She studied the Bible.
He studies the Bible.
They're studying the Bible.
This is a Bible study group.
Are you stupid or incompetent?
The telephone rang, but no one answered.
She darted across the house to her room and closed the door behind her.
Be kind to him.
Be kind to her.
Be kind to them.
Be kind to Tom.
Be kind to Mary.
We were all frightened by this teacher.
I'm going away for a month.
This actually happened to me.
Neither am I old, nor are you.
I need your love.
What about boys?
Neither you nor I am old.
What about girls?
She needs to lose a few pounds.
I need to lose a few pounds.
He knows what annoys her.
We are very well known.
"Mom, you need to sign this." "Let me read it." "No, it's okay. You don't have to."
When I heard my teacher's illuminating explanation, it was as though a blindfold was stripped from my eyes.
When I heard my teacher's illuminating explanation, it was as though I suddenly saw the light.
Here I want to bring the introduction to a close and get to the real subject.
Tom shot a bear.
Why don't you answer my note?
I'm not sure if it's love.
I think you're dumb.
I usually wear a white shirt.
Sorry that I've reduced you to someone to drag my luggage around!
Nothing gives an artist as much strength as the knowledge that there is at least one person who views his creation with great love.
I shvitzed the whole day while schlepping that dreck around.
He does nothing but schlep around the house all day long.
Nothing gives an artist as much strength as the knowledge that there is at least one person who loves deeply what he has created.
A reminder from the library has arrived.
He's such a schmuck. He does nothing but kvetch.
At Tatoeba, it is more important that a translation sound natural than that it be strictly faithful to the original.
My grandma and her friends kibitz for hours.
Let H be the base of the perpendicular drawn from point A to the line BC.
She's gradually getting used to the new situation.
She's adjusting more and more to the new circumstances.
I prefer to watch films in the original.
We haven't seen each other in a long time.
It's a long time since we last saw each other.
We killed time playing cards.
They say golf is very popular in Japan.
I'll start this evening.
Read all the comments.
Do you know where she's gone?
The red house is the one that Jack built.
He is speaking quickly.
I can't see her.
"Dad seemed to be really pleased by the gift!" "Yes, it's really nice that we could make him happy!"
The meter of this poem alternates between seven and five morae per line.
I was listening to a really beautiful song yesterday.
I wasn't guilty.
If you don't want to be alone, I can keep you company.
I am so lonely.
I can't stand the pain any more.
Honestly, I'd be lying if I said I never regret my sudden decisions.
I'm calling to tell you about my day.
I'm calling to accept your invitation.
I'm calling to answer your question.
I'm calling to book a reservation at your restaurant.
I'm calling to complain about something.
I'm calling to thank you.
I'm calling to support your decision.
I'm calling to remind you of our dinner plans.
I'm calling to report a lost wallet.
I'm calling to receive my prize.
I'm working on a big project.
I've been spending a lot of time training my dog.
I'm working on making new friends.
I'm working on educating myself.
I'm working on my homework.
I'm working on a new idea.
I'm working on my computer.
I'm working on my website.
I'm sorry to be so late.
I'm sorry to hear about your sick mother.
I'm sorry to waste your time.
I'm sorry that I've made you so unhappy.
I'm sorry to disagree with your decision.
I'm sorry to call so late.
I'm thinking of increasing my work load.
I'm thinking of launching a new website.
I'm thinking of moving to a new city.
I'm thinking of offering her the position.
I'm thinking of opening up a store.
I'll help you cook dinner tonight.
I'll help you raise money for your charity.
I'll help you register for your class online.
I'll help you move to your new house.
I'll help you prevent that from happening again.
I'll help you park your car.
I'll help you realize your potential.
I'll help you stop smoking.
I'll help you shop for groceries.
Three times five is fifteen.
Don't take your opponent lightly.
I'm not even a little surprised.
It's time to go shopping.
My father fixed the broken chair.
My room was drowned in moonlight last night.
I bathed in moonlight last night.
When you speak of the Devil, you can hear the rattling of his bones.
We're happy that we're able to flee to the large awning, shielding ourselves from the rays of the harsh sun.
She's ruined her clothes.
I have no choice but to follow those orders.
The duck was still alive on the fifth day.
Well, which way do you want to take your first lesson?
He is my wife's acquaintance.
Speak quietly.
Speak softly.
We observed osmosis in today's science experiment.
An agreement between European countries is needed.
She squatted down.
I see the golden cross.
Sulfuric acid is stronger than acetic acid.
Benzoic acid is much weaker than hydrochloric acid.
I hate blood tests.
He is strict yet kind.
The goal of the game was already said.
This volume of ethanol cannot completely dissolve 0.g of the white solid.
Don't smell it. It might be mutagenic.
Is there a nitrite substitute for food?
Should I opt for nitrite-free foods?
The boy was quiet.
Take off your hat.
Tom stood up and followed Mary out of the office.
Tom knew immediately that something was wrong.
We'd be pleased if the two of you could join us.
I'll join you as soon as I can.
It would be great if you could join us.
I was wondering if you wanted to join me.
It's a terrible shame that fools are so self-confident and the wise are full of doubt.
Tom smiled as Mary sat down to join him.
Tom will join us shortly.
We'll join you shortly.
Is it true that Tom joined a cult?
Someone told me that Tom had joined a cult.
Tom will be joining you shortly.
Tom joined a fraternity.
Mary joined a sorority.
Tom noticed Mary wasn't wearing the ring he'd given her.
Modern man looks on money as a means to getting more money.
Did you turn off the stove?
I got stuck in heavy traffic on the expressway.
Please turn off the lights when you leave the room.
"I'm getting hungry." "Me, too." "Let's eat." "OK."
"I'm getting hungry." "Me, too." "Do you want to eat?" "OK."
Nobody knows where Tom went.
I don't know if Tom is still alive or not.
Tom is too busy to come.
The teachers won't approve phytochemical researches any more.
Mary got her hair done this afternoon.
Tom decorated his wall with posters of his favorite movies.
My down jacket keeps me quite warm.
I'm really happy because I won 10,yen at the horse races.
"It's beautiful here," he said, "but I'm so tired I can hardly keep my eyes open. I'm going to get some sleep."
Tom waited until I arrived.
Tom waited until I got there.
You always learn at Tatoeba!
I'll probably come back here again tomorrow.
It wouldn't be bad if you come as well.
Do you have more than one mobile phone?
Do you have a cell phone?
I have epilepsy.
Do you like chocolate?
Do you work?
Where does she work?
Would you like to go for a bike ride?
Do you travel?
How often do you travel?
Doesn't she work in marketing?
Why don't you have any money?
Do you like to do homework?
Why don't you do homework?
I don't like to work.
She doesn't like to work.
He doesn't play soccer.
In which department do you work?
How many employees do you have?
What time does your break start?
Do you prefer mornings or evenings shifts?
Does the printer have any ink?
When do you work next?
Do you like your job?
Does your schedule allow you to have time off?
Do your co-workers like their job?
Does she work hard?
They don't work very hard.
She doesn't play soccer.
Doesn't he work in marketing?
Hi, to all good Iranian guys.
I asked them what they were doing.
I have read "David Copperfield."
I watched that new film about giraffes; I didn't like it.
I didn't take the bus home.
The boy said, "He has the book."
Submitted by Patricio.
There has been a lot of talk about the UK's role in the EU lately. First, the backbenchers ' rebellion in the House of Commons, then Cameron's attempts to define EU policy (aiming at a “repatriation of powers”) and now a Labour debate on how to deal with Europe.
He is my enemy.
It is a wonderful ring!
We are classmates.
The ruling class has figured out that a happy and productive population with free time on their hands is a danger.
I just smiled.
He just smiled.
She just smiled.
I had an egg sandwich for lunch.
I had an egg salad sandwich for lunch.
Leave my family alone!
I told him how proud I was of him.
I told Mary how proud I was of her.
I told Tom how proud I was of him.
Understanding is essential.
You are my three best friends.
I never check my messages.
That is a good policy.
I have to get up very early tomorrow morning.
The United States Congress makes the laws.
Judges on the Supreme Court interpret the laws.
Some students finished their homework.
Math is my favorite subject.
Many scientists work with numbers.
Some numbers are very large.
I hit three home runs last year.
The fifth graders play against the teachers.
My entire school attends the game.
The crowd cheers for both teams.
The students receive the loudest cheers.
I saw the plane hit the building.
He always prefers to surround himself with girls.
You have to obey the law.
Failing the exam was a sore point that he did not like to talk about.
She couldn't afford it.
It sounds strange to me.
Could we meet privately?
My mother told me I have to behave myself.
Tom had a car accident.
Germany is famous for its beer.
Don't fall in love with me.
Doesn't anyone know how long we are going to be here?
We've got a good life.
Your hometown is very pretty.
Your friend is a good person.
How are your studies?
He's tall.
This is their place.
The pears of Korla are really sweet.
The three of us went out to the airport.
Go to the hospital, the two of you.
Only a third of the students came to class today.
He went to Urumqi on Monday and came back here the next day.
Every day, I look after the sheep.
Do you rest on Sundays?
I sleep during the day and work at night.
Forgive me, Brother.
Drinking a lot of coffee can raise your blood pressure.
You look good!
At what time will the race finish?
Tom was in a traffic accident.
What should I do if I'm involved in a traffic accident?
Then, the electrician found a solution.
Tom was involved in a traffic accident.
My friend was very angry when he saw the driver of the car in front of him throw a cigarette butt out the window.
I am a Filipino.
Computer parts are very expensive in Japan.
In Sydney recently, about cars parked in a parking lot were destroyed as a result of a grass fire caused by someone throwing a cigarette butt out of a car window.
He likes to play tennis.
I've got nothing against waiting, but after two hours I'm beginning to feel a bit impatient.
The rose has thorns only for those who want to touch it.
Whoever sows thorns shouldn't expect to harvest roses.
I have spent most of the day putting in a comma and the rest of the day taking it out.
It is often said that life is short.
Ravens are said to live much longer than humans.
Can he see our horse?
Can that person see our horse?
He gives the dog some meat.
I request that your brothers be good and diligent.
Father bought me a new bike.
Do you see my father?
Can you see my father?
My father will urge you to love your books and quills.
Good wine gladdens the heart.
I'm atheist.
I see the person and the flower.
I bought this book at the bookshop in front of the station.
My foolishness not only causes me regret but also shames me.
What are you carrying?
My sister is liked by many girls.
He has very short hair.
She has very short hair.
This wine is red.
This is red wine.
You are strong.
The mother gave the girl a ring.
I can't speak English.
Beauty without grace is like a rose without a scent.
Just stay as you are.
Just stay the way you are.
The facts speak for themselves.
One should not miss such a chance!
There is nothing that one cannot translate.
There is nothing that cannot be translated.
Doctor Smith has many patients.
She loves cooking.
America is very big.
I don't like rich people.
He greeted the woman.
Mount Fuji is the highest mountain in Japan.
Tom says that he only drinks on days that end in "y".
"Have you ever seen Tom with a handbag?" "Tom? No, never."
She keeps a lover in another town.
She keeps a lover in the palace.
Friends, don't be constantly in fear of the unthinkingly critical, grimacing conventional world, but always act as your conscience and heart dictate.
We'll expect you for dinner on Thursday.
A cat doesn't accept a master.
Does she live here?
What is the capital of Greece?
You were encouraging this woman to love her husband.
I hear you love my brother.
I see your book.
I can see your book.
I see your little book.
I can see your little book.
A lot of crimes are not reported.
It seems he has good hearing.
He seems to have good hearing.
Anna loves chocolate.
"Where did you two meet?" "We met on a trip through the Carpathians, and we immediately fell in love with each other."
I was looking for the right words.
I can't make a decision on my own.
She admits that she stole the jewels.
She thumped the table with her fist.
I trusted them.
I trusted my teacher.
Tom reeked of alcohol.
My grandfather was a pirate, a treasure hunter.
What is it then?
She is capable of anything.
There goes another man to torture in hell.
If you cannot enjoy solitude, you cannot enjoy the company of others.
I'm beginning to think that religious leaders are popular because they pander to the prejudices of the pack they call their flock.
"I am thankful to you for giving me a ride up to here." "It's a pleasure."
Here's the first gray hair on my head.
You are going to abandon your children.
It's 18:15.
It's quarter past six.
It's a quarter past six.
It's 6:15pm.
We will visit you.
I hope that my friend will come.
I hope that my girlfriend will come.
Lions run fast.
Lions are fast runners.
The fruit of this tree is sweet.
I am reading the book.
My brothers will be greatly loved by our citizens because of their erudition and modesty.
He's going fishing.
She's going fishing.
Welcome, students!
I hear you have always been loved by this man.
She likes animals.
This stone is beautiful. Where did you find it?
Tom can only speak a few words of French.
The ball fell because I stopped holding it up.
I don't know why my head hurts.
What caused you to be able to breathe without dying and without using an air-cleaner?
I like you, but not just because you're beautiful.
Precisely speaking, I need six hours to at least think straight. Additionally, I need seven hours to be happy.
You hit me, which results in my pain.
I am not dead, but that doesn't stop me from being food.
"Hello Every" is really grammatically correct, logically because of a crazy rule of an expression source.
Plato dies, which follows logically because he is human.
Hey James, by what logic are you not really familiar with me?
You believe that it is grammatically correct by what logic?
It's probably a person. However, not logically entailing Peter's expression...
Your being obliged to wear pants doesn't logically follow from the state of your being a man.
Because of that, nothing lojbanic is expressed.
You don't attend, you pay attention, under the typical logic.
One times one is one, according to mathematics.
I leave motivated by computer gaming and sleeping with my beloved.
I like talking to you, regardless of the short amount of time.
I'm really hungry, so I'm about to eat.
I'm leaving, but you don't have to cry.
You leave because of me.
I go to the store to motivate my mom.
I like Lojban because I think in a figuratively Lojbanic manner.
Why do you say goodbye?
I'm familiar with "study" and not without the reason I often study.
West is in trouble not because he is a gay man, but because he is a man who was apparently willing to use the power of his public office to solicit sexual favors.
I am at a work meeting, which is the reason for my slow replies.
Regardless of that reason, I defend the noble Lojban language against word-shape crimes.
Apparently, the computer compels me to not see the interesting discussion.
I hit the ball forcing it to roll down from the top of the hill.
The guy starts being on top of the girl and experiences his penis being soft.
Reply me via mail only when you read and understand this.
While standing up, I say that the eating is over.
You enter, with the key word being a requirement.
Please stand at the stairs. This is a prerequisit for me to defend you.
I go to the office as required by my work.
The experience of a looping discussion in all languages which results in nothing is the cause.
Regardless of this, I am not able to sleep.
I become a pear because I eat pears.
I walk because I don't have a car.
I walk, but not because I don't own a car.
I walk regardless of whether or not I own a car.
Under the conditions of y'all not being able to fight in lojban, please don't fight.
What should a person feel to buy something?
Data is capable of wanting to be free, as Roger Clarke knows.
We go to the market, knowing that Tom is there.
I'll be right back. Wow, I'm reading, knowing something about Loglan.
I, knowing something about medicine, can help.
Under the epistemology of your dream, you clearly see me.
Jesus is God in Christianity.
I left with Dad's permission.
I was just at the company meating, where the new business plan was approved.
As said by Dag, I wrote, "It was the most delicious." on the guest-book of the restaurant yesterday.
As said by the Lojban Group and the law, Lojban is equal to Loglan.
I like "The Appassionata", played by Arthur Rubinstein.
I know internally that it is a children's song that express that life is only a dream.
I am amused by the idea of commanding by saying "Be a snail!"
I don't like when parents yell at infants.
I read the poem for my family.
I am going to explain it completely on the wiki.
Bancus and I had a conversation on IRC.
Hey Robin, you aren't obliged. However, it's amusing, based on your opinion.
I believe in perfection, based on Plato.
I enjoy the wisdom of Socrates, which was the basis for Plato.
As an authority on such things, how can you describe the typical Lojban-enthusiast?
I went to the military camp with Kordobas's authorization.
Being a soldier is my job, where I have authority over bombs.
I am permitted to leave, based on the command of the king.
How do you make the smoke?
By what method did you learn Lojban?
Do you study by discussing?
In other words, many nodes continuously stream music files as a method of preventing me from copying them.
I run a lot as a method for the Olympics.
I wash myself, this being sensible in the case that I am dirty.
I will run under the condition that it's not raining.
How do you destroy a building?
By what process do you suggest I do something?
I invent stories by writing down whatever I think of.
Suppose I remove, starting with hair one inch in length, leaving hair a half inch in length. Is that shaving?
I make bottles starting with glass rods.
I got some glass rods and processed them into bottles.
I make bottles by the stages of getting glass rods and melting the rods.
I'm not talking to you. I'm talking to the monkey.
They are wrestling shoulder to shoulder.
There is a high chance of precipitation.
Let me buy bread.
How much do you eat?
More than a workers died when a textile factory collapsed in Bangladesh.
Many of our clothes are made in Bangladesh because it's the cheapest place to manufacture them­.
The textile factory's windows are fitted with iron bars so when a fire broke out inside the factory, most of the workers died.
Where are our clothes made, and how are they being made?
Mary only buys sweatshop-free clothing.
These clothes are made locally.
These clothes are more expensive, but they are made in an eco-friendly and responsible way.
When you buy clothes, do you ask yourself where they were made?
Do you do at least minutes of exercise a day?
The workers are angry.
Children work in this textile factory in conditions close to slavery making clothes for a well-known brand.
'What is that?' asked Tony.
Electric cars are becoming more and more popular.
This is a cave.
The kingdom ruled over that land for years.
I am the owner of this automobile.
We still have a lot to cover.
I am persuading him to come.
Tom is a pescatarian.
This plant is a hybrid.
Thank you so much for this.
His technique was unrivalled and completely unbelievable.
It is well known that the men of Esfahan are the best craftsmen of Iran.
You need to listen to that.
You do not help me.
I have to go get some food.
It takes an hour to get to the station.
We know how to swim.
He does not like the music I listen to.
They do not let me have a dog.
I have nothing to tell you at this moment.
Do you have anything to add?
Do I need to add salt?
Do I need to set the table?
She does not need to work.
She does not have to work.
She does not know me.
You do not know me.
My boss wants us to take the plane.
These are bicycles.
Now we have to create one in two weeks.
Do they come from a musical family?
Do they sell books?
I do not want to ask for wine.
Stay out of the water.
They have many different fish to try.
They have many different dishes to try.
What do I try?
Shooting stars are meteorites.
He is not afraid of anything.
Africa is the cradle of humanity.
She gave us something to eat.
They gave us a lot to eat.
The women gave us a lot to eat.
I think that I should buy a good car.
Many young people came to Moscow to study.
Do you speak Berber?
What do you call a word that doesn't exist but that everyone uses?
Do you own this?
We squelched across the muddy field.
I dropped a boiled egg into my soup and seasoned it with some fish sauce.
External politics is something not easy to study.
Can we come too?
The apartment we live in is so small that we lack space.
I think you cried. Could you tell me why? Does something hurt?
It's fried shit.
We also think that he's a bastard.
Please do not add annotations in sentences.
I can't go with you today because I'm very busy.
It was very cold yesterday, so I stayed at home.
With the help of earphones, amplifiers, and hearing aids, some youngsters can hear the music.
Many conservationists fear the continuing slaughter of whales is pushing these animals towards extinction.
Many of their wetland habitats are being affected by mining.
If you want to understand people, you shouldn't take any notice of what they say.
Their school looks very bad.
I don't like when mothers yell at children.
I read the poem for my child.
Why am I still alive?
Liz Lochhead is very nationalist.
She uses different aspects of Scottish dialects.
He uses different aspects of Scottish dialects.
It is a very experimental play.
There is a sort of neo-classical renaissance.
He failed the exam because he didn't study.
Tom fell in the swimming pool.
Dogs aren't allowed in this hotel.
Firefighters always endanger their lives.
Julio always tells bad jokes, and frequently he makes a fool of himself.
My mouth waters when I read cooking books.
What is the teacher's last name?
Even though Tom understood what was going on, he pretended that he didn't.
There is something fishy here.
They caught the robbers red-handed.
She is Joanna.
Her name is Joanna.
This is Joanna.
I actually enjoy school. It's just the getting out of bed and getting here part that's the issue.
The bench is long.
My grandfather was a soldier in the war.
Pharamp cut the cake in two.
I've mislaid my watch.
I've lost my watch.
The boy throws a stone.
A boy is throwing a stone.
His coworker pulled the rug out from under him.
Tom reluctantly went to the dentist.
When Marisol saw the kitchen, she hit the roof.
It's a crime.
His dream will one day come true.
The wave knocked me off my feet.
I remembered you immediately.
I'll come visit you at your house tomorrow.
This should be useful.
He did it by himself.
Give that to him.
He seems to be a nice guy.
He seems to be a good guy.
We sometimes go fishing.
Don't miss this opportunity.
Tom didn't have anything.
She drives an old Yugo.
His words touched her heart.
He's afraid of that dog.
He's scared of that dog.
He's very stingy.
He's very strong.
He has a split personality.
He finished his work.
He's different than he used to be.
He came home at six.
He went home at six.
He came back at six.
He got back at six.
He's good at telling jokes.
He requested help.
He shouted for help.
He yelled for help.
He rarely goes to church.
He likes animals.
He visited a friend.
Will he recover?
He stayed up late.
He's a big liar.
She has become a very streetwise girl.
The man is making a long-distance call.
They have to lose.
They must lose.
What are you going to be for Halloween this year?
I've already been here for two hours.
They all say that my English is bad, but I'll continue studying it in any case.
He was quickly recaptured.
I want to go outside.
She felt quite alone.
I'm not Tom, though I do resemble him somewhat.
That's a typo. Sorry.
You don't have to speak perfect English. Broken English is OK as long as you can make yourself understood.
Tom can only speak in broken French.
I can't raise my right arm.
Apples are necessary.
Tom was raised in Boston.
It is severely cold this winter.
This table is unusable since it is missing a leg.
Tom got diabetes from drinking too many sports drinks.
We climbed the stairs.
All the more so.
They walked up the stairs.
You know that that's your duty.
My goldfish died.
Would you mind watching my things while I go for a swim?
I don't like using dildos, I prefer real cocks.
I often go for a swim in the river.
Of children we demand that they tell the truth, but why exactly of children?
What would you like for lunch?
I don't want war.
I must flee or I will be imprisoned.
The police locked her up.
How is my doctor called?
Photography was discovered in the 18th century.
You've taken the trash cans out.
I've waited one hour and a half.
It's only a Google search away.
Tom often doesn't keep his promises.
Have you ever washed your face with body soap?
My younger brother used to often stay up all night reading novels.
My older brother often stayed up all night reading novels.
Jason is no bad guy, but rather a pitiable loser.
What role does the Chorus play?
How does Medea relate to the Chorus?
What are the main points of Medea's address?
Mark the most intense moments of Medea's inner torment.
Does Lochhead manage to arouse our sympathy?
How does the Chorus refer to Glauke?
What are the implications of Medea's words?
What's Glauke's role?
How and why does the end link up with the beginning?
What's the meaning of Medea's words?
What do the stage directions suggest?
That's why I told you not to go alone.
Events in the summer of set the scene for President Nixon's eventual downfall.
Just months after his landslide re-election, Richard Milhous Nixon - in a drama unparalleled in U.S. history - was forced to resign as President.
You and I had a conversation on Facebook.
I talk to you about mathematics.
Of all people, he deserves to be paid better.
A proposal has always an introduction.
The stillness of the desert overwhelmed me.
My wedding ring was crafted by a skilled goldsmith.
Sectarian violence is an unwelcome reality for the city's population.
Sporadic gunfire was heard in the distance.
The hairs on the violin bow should not be too taut.
The chaplain listened sympathetically to his parishioner.
I intend to study the subject at a postgraduate level.
The delegation were escorted around the newly-built stadium.
There is plenty of space in the loft for storage.
Wrath doesn't control me, I control wrath instead.
The time has come to reinstall Windows!
I have reached the limits of my ability.
I observed her from the corner of my eye.
I checked her out from the corner of my eye.
He taught history at the school.
I can't run the bread machine.
I'm not able to operate the bread machine.
That's what I thought in the first place.
The children's games that I especially loved were musical chairs, tag, hide-and-go-seek, dodgeball, Chinese jump rope, and hopscotch.
Above the lifeguard station, a black flag was flying to indicate that swimming in the ocean was dangerous.
You go ahead, Tom. I'll catch up soon.
She does not speak English as fluently as you.
Tom looks a bit tired.
The restaurant was fairly empty, so I could read in peace while I ate.
Who is your godmother?
He's got a Toyota.
The only difference between children and men is the price of their toys.
His overbearing manner infuriates me.
When Angela Merkel rang Barack Obama, he already knew what she was going to say.
He built himself a house.
Do not judge, or you too will be judged.
I go often.
He's full of big ideas.
He was very shy and sweet.
Everything seemed normal.
He walks quickly.
"Turn there." "Where?"
He is here to spy on us.
Tom does not want to be late.
Tom is the manager.
I will wait a week.
Who is the manager?
I will wait for a week.
I want to talk to your manager.
What a question!
"Who is the captain?" "Tom." "Oh no, we're in trouble."
They didn't understand the question.
They haven't understood the question.
She wasn't sick.
So in everything, do to others what you would have them do to you.
She loves her dad.
She loves her boyfriend.
She loves squirrels.
I think we should go out sometime.
I'm going out for a walk because the weather today is marvelous.
Going to Europe is very exciting, but also scary.
I used to do it all the time.
She sleeps on her back.
I hid the true amount I spent from him.
I hide the true amount from her.
I drove my car off a bridge.
I have very long hair.
Mary has very long hair.
Tom has very long hair.
We ate fish and rice.
I ate a hamburger.
I ate a cheeseburger.
Tom ate a double cheeseburger.
She asked me to take a look at it.
Tom! Oh my God!
He asked me to take a look at it.
I don't know who she is.
I do this too!
I need more vitamin D.
She takes a multivitamin pill every day.
I like Tatoeba.
I like noodles.
I like rice.
Do you like tofu?
Do you want me to say something?
She had a nervous breakdown.
He had a nervous breakdown.
Have you ever used Instagram?
You didn't say the magic word.
"You didn't say the magic word." "What magic word?"
It was just an example.
Your idea is ridiculous.
"Your idea is ridiculous." "It is?"
I love shopping for clothes.
This flower is the most beautiful in the garden.
It was only when the fog lifted that we noticed that we had slept on the edge of an abyss.
I don't feel like going, because I am sitting here quite comfortably.
Since they had no children of their own, they decided to adopt a girl.
Home is where the heart is.
Her success at singing made her famous.
It seems to me that, apart from native speakers, nobody translates Russian sentences, and that's sad.
Who broke thirteen test tubes, three volumetric flasks and a pipette in the laboratory?
This sentence makes no sense at all.
Outta my way!
He wasn't only fined, he also had to pay for damages.
I don't oil their gears.
In summer and early autumn typhoons can strike the city. In recent years they haven't caused much damage.
She is Italian.
He's married.
He's more popular than me on Facebook.
It was pitch-dark outside tonight.
It was so dark that I couldn't see my hand in front of my face.
The fog was so thick that I couldn't see my hand in front of my face.
What a naughty boy! He's always up to no good, no matter what his parents tell him.
Approximately one thousand tons of flour are exported every year.
Tomorrow two young Esperanto speakers are coming from Europe.
That tie suits you.
I don't think we can make an exception.
Her back was getting tanned.
I buy eggs straight from the farm.
They own a lot of land.
He is late.
She is late.
It's long and hard.
You're doing everything wrong.
We really enjoyed the circus.
I've got an Italian handbag.
Do we need an universal language?
I saw my friend running up the stairs.
After the survey, we will send in the results immediately.
I've never seen a red sea.
We regularly meet there once a week.
John is streetwise.
Tom found a fossil.
The one who said that is a liar.
You want to buy this skirt.
I was discharged from hospital today.
It's the song I prefer.
Her son's death broke her heart.
Do I really look so sad?
Don't you have a boyfriend?
Have a good weekend, everyone.
Let's go Dutch.
He is stronger than me.
The boy is speaking to his grandfather.
We all need air and water to live.
We have to find a way to stop it.
He cannot see anything without his glasses.
I love sunlight.
Salt and pepper completely and add a dash of nutmeg.
The acid burned his thumb and the other side of his palm.
The higher the pressure, the higher the temperature.
Tom was so surprised he was speechless.
Happy wedding anniversary.
What were you doing last night?
You need to be pretty fit to run up six flights of stairs.
How many calories do you burn running up six flights of stairs?
How far can you drive on a full tank of petrol?
Even gods die when no one believes in them any longer.
Adolescents want to be given orders so that they can disobey them.
My boy, this peace is what all true warriors strive for!
There is no time. Your sword is enough.
Great! I'll grab my stuff!
How about a kiss, for luck?
The floor is under my feet!
But father, what if something happens to you?
I wonder what's for dinner.
Why can't I just have a normal boyfriend? Why?! Just a regular boyfriend who doesn't go nuts on me!
You've earned yourself a subscriber!
Have you already eaten dinner?
The dog drank water and went away.
You can't go further.
I'm very happy to see you again.
He has butter and cheese.
Some women are bad.
She has beautiful blue eyes.
From now on, I'll only submit sensible sentences to Tatoeba.
He is curious about everything.
Write about the relationship between the artificial environment and the natural environment.
I was bleeding a lot.
Shane was just looking out for a brother.
We're all going tomorrow night.
Many of the buildings were destroyed in World War II.
Fortunately, the older part of the city was spared from the Allies' bombs.
I couldn't sleep with the window open, since it was never quiet outside at night.
Has Tom become crazy?
Has she become crazy?
Has he become crazy?
Write an answer.
Did you like my picture?
How many dolphins are there at this oceanarium?
I am not guilty and I am not a bad person.
I need your help for my job.
I deserve happiness, too.
"Andrew, where's the map? Have you got it?" "I don't think so."
Tom said he wanted to be alone, and then went up to his room.
Your bike is much newer than mine.
My wife studies until o'clock at night.
What Tom thought was a harmless joke, soon became deadly serious.
I really liked your story.
The calendar is hanging on the wall.
If I had time, I'd accept his invitation.
There's no solution to this problem.
Mary is putting her face on.
She shuddered at the sight of the one-eyed cat.
Do you only sell clothes?
The baby wiped his hands covered in chocolate on his bib.
Pressure is the quotient of force and area.
Congratulations on your excellent Interlingua!
If you bake it for more than what's asked, it will be a disaster!
You've sent periodicals from your bookstore.
It's enough pressure to turn anyone as thin as a sheet of paper.
We have two dogs, three cats, and six hens.
Please let me know if you find any typos or missing words.
As soon as my son returns my trailer, I'm taking a load of rubbish to the tip.
As soon as I get my trailer back from my son, I'm going to take a load of rubbish to the tip.
Spring is a good time to clean up in the garden.
Tom fell into a panic.
My special skill is being able to sleep anywhere.
While I'm translating sentences on Tatoeba, my wife is weeding the garden.
"Tom, there is something I want to talk to you about..." "Yes, what is it? Is it something serious?" "Yes, sort of..."
"Have you worked on your summer homework?" "Hey, don't make me think of bad things."
The capital of Turkey is Ankara.
Mom is playing tennis now.
I try not to get too involved in the games I watch on TV, but I always end up in a bad mood if my favorite team loses.
Your dog seems to be very involved in the progress of that squirrel across the lawn. I hope she's not planning to attack it.
On both sides of the road there are old walls.
Tom didn't follow the proper procedure.
Who did you receive this flower from?
Class is from a.m. to p.m.
Call me at 9:tomorrow.
In England, the subway isn't called "subway", it is called the "underground".
I never forget too.
A few years ago, I tried a Japanese-style bath on New Zealand's South Island.
She hasn't got glasses.
He hasn't got glasses.
He's never at a loss for words.
He's got the gift of the gab.
"Mary earns ten times as much as I do," complained Tom "and yet she expects me to pay half of the household expenses."
That was a fight which had no chance of a successful outcome.
As the woman on the train dozed off, her head slumped.
This is the right day.
You are the only human I trust.
"How did you know that I like Tom?" "You can tell just by looking."
"Shall I heat this up?" "No thank you, it's fine."
I'm not selfish.
Mary doesn't want to share her toys with her friends.
I'm sorry, boss, but I believe you owe me a weekend's worth. That's about dollars.
You need to share with your brother, Mary!
Life is too short.
Life is short. Have some fun!
It's easy to say, but it's not easy to do.
That's easy to say, but it's not easy to do.
Have fun? What do you mean? I don't understand.
I have the same dress as you!
I had the same problem as you.
We are not expecting any help from you.
Tom told his parents that he had no homework.
At this school, there are no grades and children have no homework.
At this school, there are no grades and students have no homework.
Mary dreamed that she had won the contest.
He believes in God, but he rarely attends Church.
Tom dreamed that he had won the contest, but that his prize had been stolen.
You don't get paid to think.
The workers are hired not by the company itself, but by a temp agency, so they have no rights and get lower pay.
Tom's boss appreciates his work, but he doesn't want to give him a pay raise.
The train is ten minutes late.
Tom fell asleep on the job.
He taught me most of the things I know.
She taught me most of the things I know.
Do you still keep in touch with her?
Do you still keep in touch with him?
He told me a completely unbelievable story.
You need a Nintendo DS to play the latest Pokemon game.
It's only illegal if you get caught.
Nothing good will come out of this.
My heart goes out to you.
Tom thinks that his life is boring.
We have been together for a year.
I didn't sleep at all that night.
I didn't sleep at all last night.
You need to stop living in the past.
We will all die, sooner or later.
I had an anxiety attack.
She offered me a beer.
He offered me a beer.
He asked his girlfriend to borrow her mother's umbrella.
The pain never goes away.
The pain never went away.
The pain will never go away.
I love travel but I can't, because I don't have any money.
He asked me to wake him up on time.
He became a shell of his former self.
She became a shell of her former self.
I was hungry but there was no fruit or ice cream for me.
No, I don't want to go.
My brain is stupid.
Have you also got a few clean cups?
I've put a slice of cake on the table. Enjoy!
The trains are running according to schedule.
Railway workers have their own particular terminology.
I'm very pleased to have met you.
I really like travelling by ship.
Our trip lasted a long time.
Knock before entering the bathroom.
The Australian actor, Andy Whitfield, has passed away.
Would you mind if I tag along with you next time you go for a walk?
Legendary American singer Lou Reed has died at the age of seventy-one.
Tom wrinkled his brow like he was displeased.
It is bad for people not to have aspirations.
Although the locker rooms were segregated by sex, upon entering the bath, women and men were not separated--it was a mixed bath.
If we don't thoroughly examine the cause of bullying, bullying will probably never go away.
Stumbling on something this simple, I can tell it will be difficult going forward.
Speaking of fall flavors in Japan, what comes to everyone's mind? For me, after all is said and done, it would be pike.
You eat such unpleasant tasting things often. Your palate is strange, isn't it?
"Tom, aren't you warm in long sleeves?" "I'd rather be like this than cold." "Really? Unbelievable."
"If you don't hurry, the bank will close." "Ah, I have decided to go to the bank tomorrow."
The park benches were all occupied.
Meeting is the beginning of separation.
"Lately, I've become close friends with Tom." "Oh, that's good!"
Tom passed away getting struck by lightning on the beach.
Although I want to diet, whatever I do, I can't stop snacking.
Currently, the most lacking thing about myself is probably my ability to concentrate.
Why are you this nice to me?
I am very happy.
The bike I loved for many years was stolen.
The bike that was loved for many years was stolen.
I'm very much against what you're suggesting.
Sorry, I seem to have confused you.
I'd like to go but I just don't have the time.
Tom was more skilled in Russian than English.
Casual speech is fine.
Because Tom is two-faced, it's better to be careful.
There's growing anger over the government's decision.
She telephoned her best friend to vent her frustration.
I am an English teacher.
The powerful rip current carried Tom far away from the shore.
Don't be afraid to ask for help.
I'm really not sure why.
I'm not really sure why.
After that, I don't remember anything.
People make mistakes.
Tatoeba is not a cult.
I'm not really sure just what to do.
I feel amazing!
I feel amazing thanks to Tom's special orange juice.
He offered me a beer, but I refused.
He's funny and cool.
Try not to panic.
The full moon is beautiful.
Thanks for the feedback.
Thanks for the correction.
Thanks for this. I appreciate it.
Thanks for translating my sentences. I appreciate it.
Thanks, Tom. You're the sweetest person in the world.
Thanks for this, I appreciate it very much.
Thank you so much for the help.
What is he thinking, this idiot!
In both appearance and personality, Tom is exactly like his father.
There's something strange about Tom today.
I basically prefer being by myself.
Boston is a good city. I would like to come visit again.
Please get plenty of sleep the day before donating blood.
I thought he was coming.
What vegetables do you like?
It was believed that the emperor's position was bestowed by the gods.
Tom acknowledges he is a devout Christian.
"What was your impression when told that you had won the Nobel prize for literature?" "Sincerely, I'd been waiting for that announcement for thirty years."
I think I forgot to rinse the condenser with acetone.
She brings home the bread and butter.
You promised that you'd stand by me through thick and thin.
That's my face right now.
I'm very curious about this.
Their voices match perfectly.
It would be taking it too far to tell you everything.
It only takes a few idiots to cause a great disaster.
If everyone's got a mobile phone, important people need at least two.
The name for the language Esperanto is the same in all languages.
Lately, we've entered the dog days of summer.
I am a beginner in Esperanto.
If I had known then what I know now I wouldn't have bothered.
She slept while I finished eating breakfast.
It would be foolish to choose otherwise.
No one likes me.
What the heck, I'll do it! When shall I start?
If I were you, I'd stay out of sight for quite a while.
If you keep saying it you'll eventually kid yourself into believing it.
These pretzels are making me thirsty.
You have no new messages.
My best friend's sister's boyfriend's cousin knows someone who went to school with Obama.
Do you have any idea how hard I tried to get you back on track?
There was a man from Nantucket who hated limericks.
That black bird is not a blackbird.
Please stop embarrassing yourself.
Choc chip ice cream is my favourite.
So, you think you can dance.
Go ahead, I dare you!
I keep telling you democracy doesn't work.
Ha ha ha, very funny.
There is no "I" in team.
Green eggs are an abomination.
The honeymoon is over.
Batteries not included.
Age will not weary them.
Embarrassment is an emotional state of intense discomfort with oneself, experienced upon having a socially unacceptable act or condition.
Red is not your colour.
I have some bad news for you.
She's a bit of a loner.
This is really shocking.
He's a bit of a loner.
I went to a Halloween party.
Does anyone know where I could find one?
I think my parents know.
I think my mom knows.
I want to start running.
I'm bored right now.
I have a full time job.
I don't blame her for that.
I don't blame him for that.
I told her to stop.
My children have just finished their homework.
I'm a U.S. citizen.
My wife is too sincere. I don't know if it's good or bad.
Valentine was born in Havre in 1911.
I'm exhausted, but even so, I can't fall asleep!
I have no objection to what you want to do.
When I reflect upon the number of disagreeable people who I know have gone to a better world, I am moved to lead a different life.
The chameleon changed its color to orange, green and yellow.
Take the little book, and eat it up.
The term "ministry of defense" is considered by many to be a euphemism for what was earlier called the "ministry of war".
You should not have done that without my approval.
Her reply is always as I expect.
You like arguing with me, don't you?
I'm listening to a beautiful song.
I just want to hibernate.
It's been a whole year!
You abandoned us in the most disgraceful manner.
They abandoned us in the most disgraceful manner.
Something seemed a bit weird to me.
You can't agree with everyone about everything.
I don't want to butt in all the time when the two of them are fighting.
My otherwise perfect life is about to change for the worse.
Your Honour, you're on her.
This gadget is light years ahead of any other.
I know you know I know. But does she know that you know I know?
You can have romance and / or sex.
Would the person who pranged into the back of my car please own up?
I'm no longer hungry.
She sat reading a book.
The nurse took her temperature with a thermometer.
The nurse took her temperature with the thermometer.
Death must not scare us.
I live for music.
Fish is an important food source for people.
I never listened to it.
I never listened to her.
I never listened to him.
He punished his children.
Water is amazing.
He was in a hurry to see his father.
I'm sure it will be fine.
Look after yourself.
The most common bell peppers are green, red or yellow.
Who is Mary?
Are you certain about that?
He died in my arms.
She died in his arms.
He died in her arms.
Spinach is a rich source of iron and calcium.
Stop cracking your knuckles.
No one was more surprised than me.
Do you like Oreo cookies?
I brought you some cookies.
Are you afraid of blood?
Why is there a picture of a big spider at the bottom of the Wikipedia page for arachnophobia?
"You will never guess who I met in the city today!" "Maria?" "What? How do you know that?"
I just want to be happy.
I just wanted to be happy.
He is of average height.
She is of average height.
Today's my daughter's birthday.
Everything seemed like a lie.
I smile every time I see her.
If everyone agrees to it, I won't vote against it.
This job will provide you with valuable experience.
It could take me ten years to fully understand what I have achieved.
It could take me ten years to fully grasp what I have achieved.
Sebastian Vettel said it could take him ten years to fully grasp what he had achieved.
That store is too far.
You're right for now.
Did you plan to all wear purple?
If you need help, take a private class with Professor Wilson.
That is a fish.
That's a fish.
He dried his sweaty forehead.
Bring me vinegar and oil, please.
You've got a booger on your hair.
One should keep one's promises.
It rained fire in that region.
I didn't understand what she was talking about.
I couldn't fall asleep because of the noise.
I couldn't fall asleep.
I smoked in my youth.
It was too bad that we had to take the subway home after the concert, because the underground rattling and roaring destroyed almost all of our musical impressions.
I'm not criticizing you.
Freedom weighs more than silver and gold.
Come with us to the Bohemian forests!
What should he fear, who doesn't fear death?
I want to live and die free, to rob no one and to succeed no one.
I feel an army in my fist.
False is the race of man.
If you want to understand yourself, just look how the others carry on. If you want to understand the others, look into your own heart.
You didn't sound like you were kidding.
Calvinism had a very strong impact.
It is an historical play.
Some characters actually existed.
She also introduces new characters.
This character represents Scotland.
There are stereotypes of Scotland.
There is some truth behind stereotypes.
He also introduces new characters.
There are certain things that you should think over before you make any decision.
I'm glad to hear it!
My father thinks that he's always right.
Tom is a graffiti artist.
People were stunned when the who's who of hardcore basket weaving suddenly appeared to challenge the team to a sushi battle!
At the tone, please record your message.
It will never happen to me.
I poured myself a cup of coffee.
I love streusel cake.
"Where's my edition of the complete works of Schiller?" "It's just over there on the shelf."
I will introduce you to my parents.
As I am sick, I will not go with you.
Man shall not live by bread alone.
Why does reading this sentence make me think of Obama?
Courage grows with growing danger.
Only to err is to live, and knowledge is death.
Nature is an infinitely divided God.
And the sun of Homer, look! It smiles upon us.
Love is selfish.
A person who does not read at all is better informed than someone who reads only the newspaper.
Summer is the warmest season of the year.
Blessed are the poor in spirit: for theirs is the kingdom of heaven.
Tom is now working for a secret service agency. However, he can't say which one, because that must remain a secret.
Were you involved in the accident as a pedestrian, cyclist, motorcyclist or motorist?
The German for "to dance" is "tanzen".
How do you say 'rushing' in Russian?
You're not even close to the right answer.
They said goodbye to each other.
Nothing can save the Governor-General.
All this random shit is making me dizzy.
I have a tortoiseshell cat. She is so affectionate!
Two all beef patties, special sauce, lettuce, cheese, pickles, onions on a sesame seed bun.
That's not how you make porridge.
Is this container microwavable?
Champagne is the drink of the angels.
It was the best of times. It was the worst of times.
Hold me closer, Tony Danza.
Silicon parts are made for toys.
If it's rocking don't bother knocking.
Want to hear the most annoying sound ever?
You belong on another planet.
That disgraceful effort won't be forgotten quickly.
You're grounded, missy!
In Spanish they use upside down question marks.
Not many things are more pathetic than an arrogant fool.
If you're coming, I'm not.
My forcefield has been activated.
The asteroid will arrive first-class at 10.a.m.
I'm in love with the snooze button on my alarm. Too bad my boss isn't.
Can you outfox a fox?
My mother made me a homosexual. I was hoping she'd make me a jumper.
If you're against marrying before then don't!
Have you ever heard of the concept of linguistic relativity?
He is wearing a green women's robe.
No need to point out the obvious. I know I just lost an arm. All right?
God up there is probably jealous of me right now.
I can't do sports. Even in videogames.
I should have read the signs.
Whoever wakes me up shall know the torments of Hell.
I camped near the ruins of an abandoned village.
World War I broke out the following year.
Many years ago I wandered for a while on highlands completely unknown to tourists.
When I undertook my long wandering in those deserts, there were naked and boring stretches of land between and meters high.
Nothing grew there besides wild lavender.
I wandered through that region completely alone.
After three days of hiking, I was isolated in Senegal.
I hadn't had any water since the day before and I needed to find more.
The many ruined houses arranged like an old wasp's nest made me think that there had to have been a spring or a well at some point.
There was a spring indeed, but it was dry.
On the grammar of Esperanto Claude Piron noted "It's very rigorous and requires discipline -- let us just think about the n-ending -- but within the framework of that rigor it gives us so much freedom!"
In that very second, I fell in love with the language.
Whoever is responsible for making this mess will have to clean it up.
There was no way he could not go to that party.
I'm glad she liked him.
I take a shower every morning before I go to school.
What hands can build, they can destroy.
When does the rainy season end?
I didn't even think of that.
We let fate decide.
Next time you decide to play like that send me a telegram.
Even the devil hasn't woken up yet.
Would someone kindly link sentence No. to sentence No. 2?
You really ought to have rung your boss to tell him you won't be in today.
I ought to have enough money saved up to buy a car by Christmas.
The cells have the capacity to convert food into energy.
She played a very-slow-rhythmed waltz.
The pain will eventually go away.
Is it possible to recover a file deleted from the bin?
Tuesday is Independence Day.
It's not allowed to paste paper on the wall.
The cleaner insisted on using the old rag.
This sentence had the wrong flag.
A painting is a wordless poem.
She isn't a heroine.
It is an oniric moment.
The two Queens are very different.
This is an anachronistic moment.
The crow was a sacred animal.
I watch TV.
I'm feeling bad.
Who does the book belong to?
He received four e-mails.
She received four e-mails.
The earthquake has destroyed the old house.
This woman is more than eighty years old.
This woman is over eighty.
I only answer when I'm asked.
I didn't train as much as he did.
I don't have as much experience as you.
Markku went with a neighbor to a nightclub.
Lisa placed her dessert on the nightstand.
Every unmarried man is a groom for life.
What isn't forbidden is allowed.
He loved her, but she didn't love him.
Water spouted from the broken tap.
The world loves to blacken the radiant and to pull the lofty into the dust.
Do you love him?
If you have any questions at all, don't hesitate to ask!
Do you remember her name?
Excuse me while I kiss this guy.
Ever feel like you're having deja vu?
For these open words, I have to give you my highest appreciation.
I will gladly answer your questions. So shoot!
If you have questions, don't hesitate to get in touch with me!
In the past, he lived, as it seems to me, in Spain.
This sentence seems right to me.
I'm not sure if I already welcomed you to Tatoeba. So possibly for the second time: Welcome!
Tom told Mary that he wanted to eat.
"Tom will never be able to drop his prejudices against me." "Yes he will. Just give him time!"
I have never met a person like him.
That's what I just said.
I want to move to the country.
Beauty is a power that often clouds our judgement.
I know that well.
I already told you that a hundred times.
Take the letter out of the envelope.
I am Jesus, whom you are persecuting.
I anticipated that.
The man we trusted deceived us.
His wife works at the city hall.
Do you know why he couldn't come?
He made a stupid face when I told him that.
You make a nice couple.
With all of the excitement for languages, one shouldn't forget, that there are also other things in life.
The undead feed on human flesh.
Ghosts can possess people.
Tom thinks Mary has fallen to the skinniness craze.
Mary is working on her Halloween costume.
Tom and Mary carved pumpkins.
We had a pumpkin-carving party.
My pumpkin was the best.
Tom's pumpkin was the winner!
I didn't know if he was flirting.
I didn't know if she was flirting.
Mary didn't want to wear a sexy costume for Halloween so she decided to dress like an Amish woman.
Tom is afraid of dancing in public.
Does this sound stupid?
Will people make fun of me?
Do you think people will make fun of me?
Tom is one of the funniest and most interesting people I have ever met.
Tom decided to dress as Pikachu for Halloween.
Tom and Mary plan to attend several Halloween parties.
My life was a wreck.
You're not trying hard enough.
I trusted her and I believed her.
I trusted him and I believed him.
Makeup is amazing.
The food was delicious.
Do you want some pumpkin pie?
I finally met him.
I finally met her.
I finally met Tom today.
That looks really bad.
The kids were screaming and bouncing everywhere.
That's so much work.
My days are like a shadow that declines.
Mary has a blog on Tumblr.
Snakes can be hard to spot.
Tom's hair is on fire.
Oh my God! It's on fire!
It just kept getting worse and worse.
It just keeps getting worse and worse.
I haven't registered for classes yet.
I like reading Tom's blog.
He always says what he thinks.
She always says what she thinks.
Do you own a pet?
Tears shimmered in her eyes.
He asked to speak to me privately.
Tom's pajamas have a picture of a cute little red squirrel printed on them.
I'm waiting for the ferry.
The sacred tree sits in the middle of the sacred grove.
"Where is Maria?" "She just flew off on her broom. You just missed her!"
My shoes are too tight.
You didn't hear it from me.
Tom has a pocket watch.
Tom wrote poems when he was in high school.
She still writes poems.
She says you're cute.
He says you're cute.
He still writes poems.
I write poems.
I write poems, but they're really bad.
We teased him about it.
My boss just fired me.
We teased her about it.
They teased me about it.
He teased me about it.
She teased me about it.
I lost my credit card.
I lost my debit card.
I lost my driving license.
Are you in favor of introducing a minimum wage?
Tom is proud of his car.
It's okay to look, but it's rude to stare.
"You're being brainwashed by the media!" "What are you talking about?"
They slept under the stars.
We slept under the stars.
Ecotourism is more and more popular.
There is a sunflower field near the train station.
And ye shall know the truth, and the truth shall make you free.
Experience shows that to love doesn't mean to look at each other, but rather to look together into the same direction.
Did he note down Tom's number?
She's highly intelligent.
Tourists should take care to respect local cultures when they are travelling.
Half of the forest will be cut down to build hotels to accommodate the tourists who come to visit the forest.
I waited forever, and finally, John came.
Linguistics is a science that tries to describe language.
This beach is a popular tourist spot.
The old city is a popular tourist destination.
Look at this house.
This page is intentionally left blank.
I like to study at the local coffee shop.
My mom told me the same thing.
I filled in my own name on the form.
The tourists scare away the animals and disrupt their natural activity patterns.
Tom doesn't understand the environmental impacts associated with a Western lifestyle.
That's nothing more than greenwashing.
His laziness was a bad omen for the future.
Humanity has never had it so good.
There was an uneasy silence.
There was an ominous silence.
They played miniature golf.
The traffic light doesn't work.
The German State Library is one of the biggest libraries of Europe.
I wouldn't use a washing machine whose switch isn't completely in order.
The accident happened because a small child had been left alone in the street.
I was unable to sleep, so I made myself some coffee.
Lead us on the right path.
Our delicious coffee is made from freshly roasted coffee beans.
Stand up straight when I'm talking to you!
In order to sprout, seeds need air and water.
The trees have begun to bud.
If you take this medicine, the stomach ache will be healed.
I want to be examined by a doctor because of my stomach ache.
I really like this singer.
There is no easy answer.
In Serbia, the trains are very slow.
I will scrutinize you closely.
Biodiversity has never had it so bad.
I don't want to work there anymore.
His life was in danger.
Her life was in danger.
My life is in danger.
Tom's life is in danger.
She fell in love with a hotshot lawyer.
The sheets were soaked with sweat.
Wine makes glad the heart of man.
I want to hide under a rock.
I don't want to go to work.
He took off his T-shirt.
I blew his mind.
Tom is a technology addict.
TIP: We encourage you to indicate the languages you know.
Do not copy-paste sentences from elsewhere.
This story has a copyright.
The juggler was a mean and vicious liar.
My hair looks better without highlights.
I will be bald soon.
When the cat's away clean the kitty litter.
A nice big glass of water is a good way to start the day.
Daniel Day-Lewis is a multiple Academy-Award winner.
Two, four, six, eight; who do we appreciate?
A good store is where the bread is always hot and the drinks are always cold.
The pile of shit hit again!
Your life is in danger.
Best wishes from all of us.
The child is sleeping. Just be quiet now!
I don't like either of the two clocks.
Could you pick up Shigemi from the daycare center?
Be back home by nine at the latest.
She learned English with great eagerness.
The various laws that govern EEOC's actions are subject to interpretation by the federal court system, and most importantly by the Supreme Court.
She studied English very eagerly.
Are you good in math?
He was there on business.
Are you good at math?
My heart leapt with joy.
While she is far from beautiful, she is more lovable than words can express.
You have to turn left at the second light.
Do you dare to ask him that?
It makes me sad.
Go easy with the water.
We are going to the cemetery right now.
Please don't waste water.
Please don't use more water than you need.
The girl likes plantains.
"Tom, you're blushing." "No, I'm not."
He invited me to a Halloween party.
Everyone thinks I'm a mystery.
If you have any questions, don't hesitate to ask.
Enigmatic mining billionaire Clive Palmer has just been elected to the Australian parliament, with one of the smallest margins in history.
Children often blame themselves when their parents divorce.
For children up to years old, family breakdown can be difficult to understand.
"Do you have sugar in your tea?" "No way. I'll just have straight tea."
Why do people feel afraid?
There's still a real lot to do. Let's get into it!
I have never seen anyone who knows so much about ancient history.
Here is a scary story for you.
There's no point arguing with men. They are always wrong.
This piano has only keys.
You'd better change your eating habits.
Lisa's room needs to be cleaned again.
We two don't know what mackerel is in Tagalog.
The girl wanted all her father's love for herself and tended to see her mother merely as a rival.
I'll take you up on your offer.
I have to make three monthly payments of three hundred dollars each.
The car went out of control and pitched headlong into the river.
We didn't expect the passage of the bill with so little debate.
If you don't have a safety pin, a straight pin will have to do.
You'd better have it patented before you put it on the market.
Tom has never been able to keep up with the other students.
There's a pile of letters on my desk that I have to answer.
We quarrel a lot, but we always manage to patch things up.
Tom paused for a moment before continuing with the story.
The picture I took of you last week turned out very well.
Pay attention to details, and you'll get along all right.
Climbing that steep mountain is a physical impossibility.
At last, we've got a little peace and quiet in the house.
You'll need a photograph of yourself for identification.
Give me thirty dollars now and I'll pay you back Monday.
You could have omitted that last phrase in your letter.
We haven't yet learned the particulars of the accident.
You forgot to put a period at the end of the sentence.
You could see the marks of the cat's paws in the snow.
You certainly picked a nice time to start an argument.
You can't get through the mountain pass in the winter.
Two or three other people have asked me that question.
Tom's sister paved the way for him to become a lawyer.
Tom would be a better teacher if he were more patient.
Tom has been performing before large audiences lately.
Personally, I don't think Tom has a chance of winning.
I phoned you twice last night, but your line was busy.
Get me a tube of toothpaste while you're at the store.
In the past, it's been very difficult to get tickets.
Tom tried to pass off an imitation for the original.
They're replacing the rotten piles under the bridge.
My partner and I have been winning every game today.
You'll have to get a permit to visit that factory.
You'll have a hard time getting pipe tobacco here.
We'll have to pick the lock to get into the house.
Tom was peering out of the window into the street.
The torn dollar bill passed through several hands.
Where did you get the pattern for your new dress?
We can't close the deal until my partner arrives.
Tom photographed these buildings for the exhibit.
Tom is careless in the performance of his duties.
They couldn't prove Tom was a party to the crime.
There was a brief pause and then the music began.
The title to the house passed from father to son.
Tom could have phrased his answer more politely.
The pilot wasn't injured when the plane crashed.
First, Tom read several passages from the Bible.
Tom and Mary are planning a picnic at the lake.
Live and let live, is Tom's philosophy of life.
I'll be all paid up after one more installment.
Tom owns a small piece of land in the country.
That's a very common phrase where I come from.
My mother won't let us keep pets in the house.
We ought to pay Tom a visit before he leaves.
Tom wore a patch on his eye for several days.
Tom picked out a very nice bracelet for Mary.
The snow was piled up outside the front door.
I pass the bank every day on the way to work.
I don't want to hear another peep out of you!
Are you doing anything in particular tonight?
We've been expecting rain for the past week.
Tom is very particular about his appearance.
Tom and Mary were pinned under the wreckage.
This machine will pay for itself in no time.
The men were working with picks and shovels.
The doctor painted Tom's throat with iodine.
Everyone at the meeting signed the petition.
Tom picked up all the information he could.
They have some beautiful pictures for sale.
The doctor performed a difficult operation.
No one is permitted to enter this building.
Maybe I can fix it with this piece of wire.
Let's have a party for Tom before he goes.
I like to see a good movie once in a while.
I don't have the physical strength to move.
We were directly in the path of the storm.
We passed through Boston without stopping.
Tom tried to conceal his passion for Mary.
Pass the rope through the ring and tie it.
I've applied for a patent on my invention.
I can't quite picture Tom as a politician.
Cleaning up after the party was no picnic.
Tom studied philosophy at the university.
There's a piece missing from the machine.
The train will pick up speed in a minute.
It cost us a pretty penny to fix the car.
In peacetime, we worked five days a week.
I'm perfectly satisfied with your answer.
I haven't had my picture taken for years.
Are you trying to pick a quarrel with me?
We can divide the work into three parts.
Tom is out digging in the cabbage patch.
The box just fell to pieces all at once.
The boat was piloted safely into harbor.
Take the path that runs along the river.
I'll take care of the matter personally.
I went to a big dinner party last night.
Write your name on this piece of paper.
We'll have to build a pen for the pigs.
Tom picked up a good bargain yesterday.
Were there many people at the meeting?
That city has a very interesting past.
Days pass by quickly when you're busy.
They picked Tom's argument to pieces.
The Senate passed the bill yesterday.
The method hasn't been perfected yet.
Such behavior shouldn't be permitted.
Please deliver this to Tom in person.
My whole family perished in the fire.
Are the cherries ripe enough to pick?
Walk past the church and turn right.
Tom passed most of the time fishing.
Tom has a patch of gray in his hair.
Tom did it perfectly the first time.
See if you can persuade Tom to come.
It's three kilometers over that way.
I remember one fellow in particular.
I need some hairpins and bobby pins.
What Tom says is only partly right.
Tom's mother passed away last week.
Tom worked here for a short period.
The worst part of the trip is past.
Prompt payment will be appreciated.
Mary wore a silver pin on her coat.
I wouldn't permit such familiarity.
Which party won the last election?
We piled the wood in the backyard.
The performing seals come on next.
How much did you pay for your car?
Be careful not to swallow the pit.
They've finally paved our street.
The boss picked me to do the job.
We're studying physical science.
My mother had to patch my pants.
I got permission to leave early.
How is the patient this morning?
Do you have any apple pie today?
You couldn't pay me to do that.
Where should we pitch the tent?
We pitted cherries for the pie.
Paste these labels on the jars.
Tom is a very peculiar person.
Pick on someone your own size.
Did you pass your examination?
Did you enjoy the performance?
When are we going to be paid?
What sort of a person is Tom?
There's a leak in that pipe.
The food was highly peppered.
Pin the flower on your lapel.
Did you pass Tom on the road?
Tom put a penny in the slot.
Tom pays his debts promptly.
This rug has a nice pattern.
How much are eggs per dozen?
Can I have a room of my own?
Pass me the pepper, please.
Was that my phone ringing?
Tom speaks perfect French.
Tom is a perfect stranger to me.
Please pick up the papers.
It's past noon. Let's eat.
I picked out the gray hat.
Has anyone seen the paste?
Tom has piles of money.
Is your job permanent?
Pitch the ball to me.
Pipe down!
Tom took the framed photo off the mantelpiece and took a closer look at it.
Tom hasn't changed his mind yet and isn't very likely to ever change it.
Tom was sitting in front of a group of children, telling them a story.
Tom looked at the price tag and realized he didn't have enough money.
They think that Tom must have killed Mary and then killed himself.
Tom is better prepared this time, so he should be able to do it.
Tom took a magazine out of his briefcase and began reading it.
Tom was angry because he hadn't been invited to Mary's party.
Tom told Mary that he didn't feel like going to work today.
Tom knew what he was doing was wrong, but he did it anyway.
Tom asked Mary to listen carefully to everything John said.
Tom takes a shower every morning before he goes to school.
Tom took off Mary's glasses and they kissed passionately.
Tom looked into the room and saw that nobody was there.
Tom has enough money to buy everything he really wants.
Tom tried to kiss Mary again, but she pushed him away.
Tom told everyone in the room about what had happened.
Tom never told anyone about what he had done that day.
Tom lives in a small house on the other side of town.
There's no need for you to be spending so much money.
Tom said yesterday was the happiest day of his life.
Tom is the best dancer in the group and he knows it.
Tom had his key dangling around his neck on a chain.
Tom was playing basketball with a group of friends.
Tom stayed at a cheap hotel when he visited Boston.
Tom painted the fence with the help of his friends.
Tom hasn't talked to me since we had that argument.
I hope you have nothing planned for this afternoon.
Tom was the one who suggested that we leave early.
Tom never told anyone where he hid the gold coins.
Tom had never kissed a girl before he kissed Mary.
Tom and Mary are in the kitchen, preparing dinner.
Many of you must be feeling a bit tired right now.
Imagine yourself having already accomplished that.
Tom was the only one not invited to Mary's party.
Tom tore out a couple of pages from his notebook.
Tom told Mary that he thought John would be late.
Tom sipped the wine that Mary had poured for him.
Tom's shoes were so tight he couldn't wiggle his toes.
Tom and Mary spent all Saturday morning together.
People really knew how to have fun in those days.
Tom never talked about what happened that night.
Tom didn't know that he had done anything wrong.
You're really not much fun at parties, are you?
Tom showed Mary a wallet-size photo of his son.
Tom offered what he thought was helpful advice.
Tom finished his beer and then got up to leave.
Tom and Mary are having lunch in the cafeteria.
This is really good practice for you, isn't it?
I'm surprised you agreed to have lunch with me.
I should have paid more attention to the signs.
Tom was the one who suggested that we do this.
Tom was killed in an accident three years ago.
Tom sensed that something was not quite right.
Tom seems to be in more pain than anyone else.
Tom seemed surprised when I told him about it.
Tom grew up in a small town not far from here.
Tom doesn't remember what happened last night.
Tom doesn't like to tell people how old he is.
Tom doesn't like anybody and nobody likes him.
Tom died before the ambulance could get there.
Tom was in the wrong place at the wrong time.
Tom was in the right place at the right time.
Tom wants Mary to help him with his homework.
Tom married a girl who couldn't speak French.
Tom hired a private detective to follow Mary.
Tom grows tomatoes and lettuce in his garden.
Tom didn't want to admit that he didn't know.
Tom and Mary show up at the strangest places.
Tom wishes that he knew how to play mahjong.
Tom wants to marry Mary and John's daughter.
Tom surprised Mary with a kiss on the cheek.
Tom never fully recovered from his injuries.
Tom made a lot of money in the stock market.
Tom knew it was wrong, but he did it anyway.
Tom grabbed a towel and headed for the pool.
Tom didn't notice Mary hiding in the bushes.
Tom could be planning to do that by himself.
Thanks for the cookies. They were delicious.
I wanted to ask your opinion on some things.
Did you really plan to do this all yourself?
You gave the documents to the wrong person.
We've finally hired someone to replace Tom.
Tom spoke loud enough for everyone to hear.
Tom put on his glasses and opened the book.
Tom helped his friends with their homework.
Tom always leaves dirty dishes in the sink.
I spent this morning on the phone with Tom.
We have more important matters to discuss.
Tom wished he could stay in Boston longer.
Tom was afraid of hurting Mary's feelings.
Tom stole three hundred dollars from Mary.
Tom noticed that Mary was staring at John.
Tom and Mary were married for three years.
Tom always wants to do things his own way.
I was three years old when my mother died.
We've known each other quite a few years.
Tom will never make it to school on time.
Tom wasn't sure how to fill out the form.
Tom was riding on his father's shoulders.
Tom told Mary to meet him at the library.
Tom taught his son how to ride a bicycle.
Tom rode his bicycle through the village.
Tom offered to sell Mary a stolen violin.
Tom noticed that Mary had washed the car.
Tom followed his parents down the street.
Tom asked Mary to go to a movie with him.
Tom asked Mary if he could walk her home.
There may be no solution to this problem.
I hope you and your friend have fun here.
You are trespassing on private property.
Tom seemed much more fun in high school.
Tom left the room without Mary noticing.
Tom is the oldest of the three brothers.
Tom is quite good at his work, you know.
Tom finally noticed what Mary was doing.
Tom doesn't want to live in the country.
Tom could tell that Mary was having fun.
You must prepare yourselves for battle.
We caught Tom trying to steal our food.
Tom used to like hanging out with Mary.
Tom tried to blame Mary for everything.
Tom stole some money from Mary's purse.
Tom stayed up all night reading a book.
Tom spent several hours in the library.
Tom seems to be more nervous than I am.
Tom saw a photo of Mary on the dresser.
Tom pushed Mary into the swimming pool.
Tom never asked me what I wanted to do.
Tom married his high school sweetheart.
Tom laughed loudly and inappropriately.
Tom is the oldest student in our class.
Tom is several inches taller than Mary.
Tom has trouble staying awake in class.
Tom had a crush on his science teacher.
Tom got his coat and prepared to leave.
Tom forgot my birthday again this year.
Tom died a few days after the accident.
Tom baked Mary a cake for her birthday.
It looked like they wanted to kill you.
You have to learn how to ride a horse.
Tom's bicycle is much newer than mine.
Tom was very pleased with the results.
Tom thought Mary's joke was hilarious.
Tom said that he enjoyed it very much.
Tom plays clarinet in the school band.
Tom lives across the street from Mary.
Tom is the one that killed Mary's cat.
Tom is either mistaken or he's a liar.
Tom injured himself mountain climbing.
Tom has trouble buying shoes that fit.
Tom had no desire to go out with Mary.
Tom forgot to bring his tennis racket.
Tom bought a bottle of cheap red wine.
I'm not really sure why that happened.
I'll be meeting Tom's parents tonight.
Did you really plan this all yourself?
You're not the first to suggest that.
You seem quite pleased with yourself.
You need to learn how to ride a bike.
We have important matters to discuss.
Tom was surprised by what he learned.
Tom spends a lot of money on clothes.
Tom seems quite pleased with himself.
Tom seemed surprised when I told him.
Tom makes a lot more money than I do.
Tom hasn't said a word to me all day.
Tom had nothing to do with that mess.
Tom gave Mary a kiss on the forehead.
Tom and his wife have three children.
They're preparing for another attack.
I hear that you kissed my girlfriend.
Would you like to go out after work?
We won't discuss our plans with you.
Tom was unable to control his anger.
Tom was lying helpless on the floor.
Tom was caught driving a stolen car.
Tom told a joke, but nobody laughed.
Tom should've kept his mouth shut.
Tom put the photograph on the table.
Tom leaned down to smell the flower.
Tom killed himself three months ago.
Tom has already killed three people.
Tom carried Mary's suitcase for her.
Tom asked me to wake him up at 6:30.
Tom asked Mary to take a look at it.
Do you still keep in touch with Tom?
You're more popular than you think.
You seem very nervous this morning.
You can spend the night if you want to.
Who did you get these flowers from?
We'll be better prepared next time.
We need to be prepared for trouble.
Tom was the one who suggested this.
Tom was surprised by what he found.
Tom was killed in the line of duty.
Tom told Mary she had a nice smile.
Tom suggested that we surprise you.
Tom spent the weekend at our place.
Tom said he wanted to kill himself.
Tom noticed something on the floor.
Tom must've practiced that a lot.
Tom killed himself three years ago.
Tom kept looking at Mary's picture.
Tom is a much better liar than you.
Tom has to come to school tomorrow.
Tom has a very high opinion of you.
Tom got more than he bargained for.
Tom doesn't have any close friends.
Tom didn't tell Mary his real name.
Tom asked to speak to me privately.
Tom and Mary want to have children.
Tom and Mary played miniature golf.
Tom and Mary danced all night long.
You're the prettiest girl in town.
You prepared for this, didn't you?
We have to prepare for everything.
Tom's parents are divorced, right?
Tom wiped the blood off his sword.
Tom wants to spend time with Mary.
Tom wants to be popular at school.
Tom seemed to be in quite a hurry.
Tom ran his hand through his hair.
Tom left his keys in the ignition.
Tom knows the way to Mary's house.
Tom is always very neatly dressed.
Tom has trouble waking up on time.
Tom has no memory of the accident.
Tom got bored after three minutes.
Tom gave Mary John's phone number.
Tom gave Mary a kiss on the mouth.
Tom doesn't want to have children.
Tom doesn't listen to his parents.
Tom came to pick me up after work.
Tom asked me to take a look at it.
Tom acted like he knew everything.
The door to Tom's room was closed.
Our train was thirty minutes late.
Imagine yourself on a mountaintop.
Tom was the only man in the room.
Tom was more than happy to do it.
Tom wants to live in the country.
Tom spent a few months in Boston.
Tom offered to carry my suitcase.
Tom never told me he was married.
Tom knows he did something wrong.
Tom finally got Mary's attention.
Tom felt helpless and frightened.
Tom doesn't want to learn French.
Tom doesn't want to go to school.
Tom doesn't want to get involved.
Tom doesn't often take vacations.
Tom doesn't have a full-time job.
Tom doesn't go to school anymore.
Tom didn't tell anybody about it.
Tom didn't cry at Mary's funeral.
Tom decided not to go by himself.
Tom asked me for my phone number.
Mary said she wanted to marry me.
Let's spend all weekend together.
I plan to spend all day with Tom.
I discussed the problem with Tom.
I didn't notice anything unusual.
Have you already eaten breakfast?
Tom won't tell me what happened.
Tom will be here this afternoon.
Tom wasn't sure what to do next.
Tom was killed in the explosion.
Tom was killed in the avalanche.
Tom was just trying to be funny.
Tom wants to go back to college.
Tom wants to buy Mary a present.
Tom usually wakes up about noon.
Tom showed Mary a photo of John.
Tom rides his bicycle to school.
Tom offered to carry Mary's bag.
Tom looks just like his brother.
Tom lives in a bad part of town.
Tom likes to talk about himself.
Tom knows exactly what he wants.
Tom killed Mary three years ago.
Tom is one of my oldest friends.
Tom is curious about everything.
Tom helped me clean up the mess.
Tom had a near-death experience.
Tom got one of his ears pierced.
Tom gave me Mary's phone number.
Tom doesn't want to get married.
Tom didn't look happy to see us.
Tom baked three loaves of bread.
I wish I had more close friends.
I think Tom did that on purpose.
Do you remember your first kiss?
You'll always be special to me.
Tom's trip lasted three months.
Tom wasn't in Boston last week.
Tom was killed in the accident.
Tom was killed in a dark alley.
Tom was arrested by the police.
Tom showed some photos to Mary.
Tom said that he would help me.
Tom married the girl next door.
Tom married a girl from Boston.
Tom looked at Mary and laughed.
Tom lives paycheck to paycheck.
Tom knows what you're thinking.
Tom knew what he did was wrong.
Tom kissed the baby's forehead.
Tom is quite good at languages.
Tom is practicing his clarinet.
Tom is in for quite a surprise.
Tom has gone back to his hotel.
Tom had no desire to kiss Mary.
Tom didn't like that very much.
Tom didn't finish the marathon.
Tom deserves to know the truth.
Tom can't afford to retire yet.
Tom always says what he thinks.
Mary told me that she loved me.
You should keep your promises.
You could've killed us both.
We're nowhere near the border.
Tom was too surprised to talk.
Tom was nearly killed himself.
Tom was married to a Canadian.
Tom walked into the apartment.
Tom showed up early for class.
Tom says he has hurt his back.
Tom peeled the apple for Mary.
Tom needs to lose some weight.
Tom loves chocolate ice cream.
Tom likes to go fishing alone.
Tom knows how to play mahjong.
Tom killed Mary for her money.
Tom is no longer welcome here.
Tom is much smarter than I am.
Tom is in quite a bit of pain.
Tom is a fun guy to be around.
Tom has a photographic memory.
Tom got a new pair of glasses.
Tom gave Mary a sinister look.
Tom finally took off his coat.
Tom didn't want to name names.
Tom didn't tell me everything.
Tom crawled out of the window.
Tom baked three dozen cookies.
Tom already knows how to read.
They're not prepared for this.
I'm going to Boston next week.
I don't know what I should do.
You're really frightening me.
You're imagining things, Tom.
You people are no fun at all.
We'll have lunch early today.
Tom worries about his weight.
Tom wasn't prepared for this.
Tom was wearing a neck brace.
Tom was pleasantly surprised.
Tom waited for quite a while.
Tom told me that he loved me.
Tom threw a snowball at Mary.
Tom taught Mary how to drive.
Tom showed up late for class.
Tom shared his lunch with me.
Tom seems interested in Mary.
Tom really is quite talented.
Tom never meant to hurt Mary.
Tom made me something to eat.
Tom is really quite talented.
Tom is a very private person.
Tom insisted that I join him.
Tom hates shopping with Mary.
Tom had to give up his dream.
Tom grows his own vegetables.
Tom got married and had kids.
Tom got his left ear pierced.
Tom drove straight to school.
Tom doesn't care about money.
Tom carried Mary in his arms.
Tom blamed me for everything.
I think Tom's plan will work.
Do you put sugar in your tea?
You killed the wrong person.
Will you have lunch with me?
We're quite certain of that.
We must be imagining things.
Tom's parents were murdered.
Tom wasn't there last month.
Tom was too stunned to talk.
Tom was knocked unconscious.
Tom was killed in an ambush.
Tom waited, but nobody came.
Tom spoke in a loud whisper.
Tom showed up late to class.
Tom saw his parents arguing.
Tom said you hurt your back.
Tom made himself a sandwich.
Tom knows how to play poker.
Tom had no right to do that.
Tom had a nervous breakdown.
Tom grinned from ear to ear.
Tom got kicked off the team.
Tom finally lost his temper.
Tom didn't give me anything.
Tom decided to come with us.
Tom couldn't hide his anger.
Tom asked me for some money.
This smells very, very good.
Did you suggest that to Tom?
Are you planning on staying?
You've helped quite enough.
You're quite a philosopher.
You'll have to practice it.
You ought to practice more.
You have said quite enough.
You have quite an appetite.
Will you be riding with us?
We're prepared for a fight.
Tom won't live much longer.
Tom wants to learn to swim.
Tom traveled around Europe.
Tom told Mary she was cute.
Tom stretched out his legs.
Tom showed Mary his tattoo.
Tom said you stole his car.
Tom owes me a lot of money.
Tom looks good for his age.
Tom lives a sheltered life.
Tom just wants to have fun.
Tom is hardly ever at home.
Tom is already quite drunk.
Tom has finally had enough.
Tom handed Mary a sandwich.
Tom had nothing else to do.
Tom finally said something.
Tom didn't wash the dishes.
Tom didn't want get caught.
Tom didn't even say thanks.
Tom couldn't stop laughing.
Tom can't be reasoned with.
Tom broke both of his legs.
Tom acted without thinking.
They're all having fun now.
They could've killed you.
They all killed themselves.
That'll never happen to me.
I lost my driver's license.
I don't blame Tom for that.
Batteries are not included.
You'll be quite safe here.
You suggested it yourself.
Who did you get this from?
We still have a lot to do.
Tom wasn't happy about it.
Tom was there on business.
Tom was the last to leave.
Tom was killed that night.
Tom was born in Australia.
Tom wants to come with us.
Tom wants me to help Mary.
Tom understands the risks.
Tom tried to comfort Mary.
Tom seemed really nervous.
Tom said he would help me.
Tom punished his children.
Tom makes his own clothes.
Tom lives with his mother.
Tom left his keys with me.
Tom knows what he's doing.
Tom is riding his bicycle.
Tom had a rough childhood.
Tom gave Mary a black eye.
Tom doesn't drink anymore.
Tom couldn't stop smiling.
Tom caught me by surprise.
There's still a lot to do.
Do you think Tom is funny?
Do you have any plans yet?
You've had quite a shock.
We're planning a robbery.
We're nowhere near ready.
Tom was hit by lightning.
Tom wants to stay single.
Tom wants me to help him.
Tom wants a bigger house.
Tom understood the risks.
Tom took off his clothes.
Tom spoke in a low voice.
Tom pretended to be sick.
Tom married a local girl.
Tom kept staring at Mary.
Tom just wants attention.
Tom isn't very talkative.
Tom is full of potential.
Tom is a popular teacher.
Tom got what he deserved.
Tom got kicked by a mule.
Tom got his nose pierced.
Tom got drunk last night.
Tom doesn't wear glasses.
Tom doesn't like it here.
Tom can't have said that.
Tom avoided the question.
Tom asked Mary for money.
Take a good look at this.
I spent the day with Tom.
Did you kiss Tom goodbye?
Are you planning to stay?
You're quite right, Tom.
You hurt Tom's feelings.
You could hurt yourself.
Where are you right now?
We'll manage without it.
Tom wasn't ready for it.
Tom wasn't quick enough.
Tom wasn't feeling well.
Tom wasn't disappointed.
Tom was staring at Mary.
Tom was obviously tired.
Tom was obviously happy.
Tom was obviously drunk.
Tom was falsely accused.
Tom wants to be popular.
Tom used to write songs.
Tom used to write poems.
Tom talks to Mary a lot.
Tom sounds disappointed.
Tom signed the petition.
Tom should be in charge.
Tom seemed to like that.
Tom says he killed Mary.
Tom raised his eyebrows.
Tom never says hi to me.
Tom must've told Mary.
Tom may have been right.
Tom made a bad decision.
Tom likes you very much.
Tom leaned towards Mary.
Tom is practicing piano.
Tom is in the lunchroom.
Tom is in a lot of pain.
Tom has quite a library.
Tom has a swimming pool.
Tom has a heart of gold.
Tom has a full-time job.
Tom has a beautiful tan.
Tom hardly talks at all.
Tom gave Mary a big hug.
Tom cleaned up the mess.
Tom bought Mary a drink.
Tom begged for his life.
Tom asked Mary to dance.
The police arrested Tom.
Someone stole Tom's car.
I'll explain this later.
I never listened to Tom.
Do you have lunch plans?
You're quite an artist.
We're planning a party.
Tom will be quite safe.
Tom was very insistent.
Tom was snoring loudly.
Tom was deeply shocked.
Tom still writes songs.
Tom still writes poems.
Tom showed Mary around.
Tom must be very happy.
Tom married a Canadian.
Tom looks half his age.
Tom likes Chinese food.
Tom is shorter than me.
Tom is quite drunk now.
Tom is quite an expert.
Tom hates working late.
Tom has bushy eyebrows.
Tom has a pickup truck.
Tom had the right idea.
Tom gets bored quickly.
Tom fell off his horse.
Tom didn't see a thing.
Tom crawled out of bed.
Tom can't come with us.
Tom began to cry again.
Tom baked an apple pie.
Tom asked me for money.
Please kill the lights.
I have a part-time job.
I have a full-time job.
I could never hurt Tom.
Don't follow me around.
Do you have a plan yet?
Are you jealous of Tom?
You're no fun anymore.
You're hurting my arm.
You people are no fun.
We had lunch together.
Tom will pay for this.
Tom wasn't even there.
Tom was special to me.
Tom showed it to Mary.
Tom says Mary is cute.
Tom offered me a beer.
Tom never hurt a soul.
Tom never forgot Mary.
Tom needs a ride home.
Tom missed his flight.
Tom missed his chance.
Tom looked very tired.
Tom lives like a king.
Tom is quite a dancer.
Tom got bored quickly.
Tom filed a complaint.
Tom didn't look happy.
Tom decided not to go.
They almost killed me.
I had nowhere to hide.
You're special to me.
You're no fun at all.
You'll be quite safe.
You almost killed me.
We need a plan first.
Tom works on Sundays.
Tom will regret this.
Tom wiggled his toes.
Tom wiggled his nose.
Tom was very pleased.
Tom pushed Mary away.
Tom opened his mouth.
Tom lacks confidence.
Tom kept his balance.
Tom has a long beard.
Tom gave me his word.
Tom finally met Mary.
Tom didn't eat lunch.
Tom cooked me dinner.
Tom can help you out.
Tom blinked his eyes.
Is that pencil yours?
I have nowhere to go.
You're quite a hero.
You really hurt Tom.
Tom should thank me.
Tom owes me a favor.
Tom knows the truth.
Tom is about to die.
Tom glanced at Mary.
Tom did a great job.
Please look at this.
I'm not married yet.
What're they doing?
Tom will be missed.
Tom was wide awake.
Tom saw everything.
Tom never asked me.
Tom just texted me.
Tom is mischievous.
Tom hates shopping.
Tom hates his life.
Tom comforted Mary.
Tom can't be saved.
Tom began to sweat.
I told Tom to stop.
Fill out this form.
Tom walks to work.
Tom shook my hand.
Tom made no reply.
Tom loves to cook.
Tom lied about it.
Tom knows the way.
Tom kept his word.
Tom hates himself.
Tom can't stop us.
You hurt me, Tom.
Tom's quite good.
Tom studies hard.
Tom studied hard.
Tom just told me.
Tom has big feet.
Tom stayed home.
Tom blamed Mary.
Nobody needs me.
Tom liked that.
Tom is a bigot.
Tom can't sing.
Speaking the truth is not a crime.
Spying between friends is an absolute no no.
Spying between friends is absolutely unacceptable.
The Indonesian government is very unhappy at reports that Australian diplomats have been tapping their telephone calls, cables and other communications.
I don't have a penny to my name.
Thrice the brinded cat hath mew'd. Thrice and once the hedge-pig whined. Harpier cries "'Tis time, 'tis time".
This application runs on Tom's phone, but not on Mary's.
To get a table at Tom's Tavern, you have to make reservations weeks in advance.
It is too late to watch a film.
Since Tom's Tavern has started offering a delivery service too, it has been flooded with phone calls.
Please close the door because its cold.
Now that Tom's Tavern also delivers, the telephones are buzzing.
I always order pizza over the Internet, which is quite convenient.
Tom didn't think too hard about this one.
You didn't understand me. I meant something else.
I'm reading the paper, in the meanwhile get ready to go out.
Tom escaped the danger.
I don't understand what you're getting at.
I hate my computer.
Is it necessary for me to answer this letter?
The first exam is done!
I have a bit of a cold.
Should I shave in November?
You're not very interesting.
Say hello to Tom for me.
I've seen this movie twice.
The boys are noisy.
It's a Japanese dog.
What kind of dog is this?
Margarita is making a margherita pizza while drinking margaritas.
Thank you, Jesus.
Tom's family often runs out of food near the end of the month.
Jesus Christ!
The bank foreclosed on his home.
The power outage was caused by a squirrel.
The squirrel died instantly.
Tom often eats beans, rice, potatoes or pasta.
Tom is too lazy to cook.
Tom doesn't know how to boil water.
Not everyone is honest.
You can bleach and dye your hair at home.
Do you have a bus pass?
I have plants.
I love my plants.
I cry all the time.
You'll be hearing from my lawyer.
I'll stay at my sister's place.
I like this answer.
Maria talked and talked - her mouth would not stay still.
I almost got robbed.
I'm speaking of a lion.
I speak of a lion.
"Shall we order a pizza?" "Do you know what time it is?" "Tom's Tavern is open around the clock."
I lost a lot of blood.
Do you feel like answering to my question?
Who's gonna be there?
I was dancing in the field.
I'm a tall doctor.
In every man, there are many flaws to correct.
Your skin is artificially blue as is your hair.
Acetone cannot be drunk.
The divers were trapped in the cave.
Tom was lucky to grow up bilingual.
"What was for lunch?" "Mary's delicious pumpkin soup. The pot was empty in no time at all."
Don't put so much on your plate! You can always have seconds.
Tom grew up bilingual.
Tom was lucky to grow up in a multilingual environment.
"My goodness, Mary! You look completely tired out!" "I didn't sleep a wink. Tom snored again like a champion."
His new girlfriend looks attractive, but she's unfortunately very stupid.
I don't get along with my neighbors.
You should have thrown that picture away.
He stood up to better see the match.
Anything can happen anytime, anywhere.
He possibly argued with his wife, but certainly did not beat her.
He abandoned his wife and children.
He continued the experiment.
He crossed the river.
Tom jumped into the swimming pool.
We were the two tallest guys in our school.
I suppose they need it more than we do.
He doesn't speak English; French the less.
I cannot say to you what you have to do.
What a great party!
Toxic fumes of bromine can damage one's lungs.
He has strong bones and teeth.
I dream of going to Mexico.
Modern Greek borrowed many words from French.
All I found in the pantry was a sack of hard bread.
Jawaharlal Nehru was the first prime minister of India.
Rajendra Prasad was the first president of India.
A person who wants to speak with you has arrived downstairs.
Could you elaborate on your new theory?
Curiosity runs in my blood.
Shame on you for your discouragement!
I only had some pineapple for breakfast.
The boy crushed the spider with his sandaled right foot.
He couldn't find any refuge.
Human nails were part of the witch's brew.
Is there a simpler amino acid than glycine?
I'm a certified translator.
I don't want to learn your language.
She hated vanilla.
I want to close the door.
Don't be lazy, bring me them yourself.
It's always nice to hear you.
I didn't do it deliberately.
At Tatoeba you teach in the most efficient way possible — through examples.
She can come.
Has she got a dog?
Has he got a dog?
It will be a pleasure for us to destroy one of our favorite places in the whole world again tonight.
Young Cubans watch a lot of American TV.
He didn't use to be like that.
He wasn't like that in the past.
I still have a score to settle with him.
Today, I had a math test.
The train station is located in the center of the city.
Someone stole money from me yesterday.
The dinner was so tasty.
She called me.
Some of my friends speak English well.
There are no books under the desk.
Excuse me, could you explain the meaning of this sentence to me?
A time without wars may come.
"Can I come with you?" "Sure!"
An apple is under the desk.
My brother takes a new book out of the library every day.
My brother borrows a new book from the library every day.
My brother often stays awake the whole night.
If I had money, I would buy the computer.
Who found the book that I had lost?
Who found the book I lost?
You told me you had a nice ass. Was that a misleading statement then?
You can call me when you want.
You're the only one for me starting now.
What!? You ate my chocolate bear?
She asked me if I wasn't feeling well.
She probably won't get the prize.
You can't deny him anything.
Don't believe him. He lies left and right!
Japan is the best country in the world.
He fell in battle.
He died in the war.
There are many ancient cities in Italy, Rome and Venice for example.
You can't deny her anything.
I need fresh air.
He's not paying attention to the teacher.
I lost my cat and job on the same day, and on top of it all, my wife announced that she was leaving me.
You can use my desk if you want.
He's not afraid of snakes at all.
Are you furious?
Invite us out to dinner in a restaurant.
"Be quiet," he whispered.
Does it interest you to meet and discuss a possible collaboration?
I was bit by a mosquito.
My mother always sticks her nose in my private business.
I'm going to go off on a trip this evening.
A skilled mechanic makes decent money.
If you eat unripe fruit, I'll tell you ten to one that you'll get sick.
The ship came from overseas.
Yesterday, I was on my way home when I unexpectedly met my ex-girlfriend.
I have to head out now.
Good night, dream something nice!
When she saw me, she ran away.
The patient lost his patience.
Yesterday, he wrote a letter.
Some students devote themselves to sports and neglect their studies.
How much is Zambian Kwacha in US dollars?
This volcano has been inactive for hundreds of years.
China was isolated for hundreds of years.
Civilization has flourished for hundreds of years in this hidden land.
Oral tradition has existed for hundreds of years.
Future generations will admire your statue.
All you people will be remembered for hundreds of years.
No one has crossed that infernal desert in hundreds of years.
She attained everlasting fame through her work.
She got to the hospital in a critical condition.
Are you tolerant towards ethnic minorities?
They come in various shapes.
Vampires change shape.
I do not know whether that is what Tom wants or not.
During my sabbatical, I composed a fugue and domesticated a robin.
He danced like a leaf in the autumn wind.
Be cautious when you cross the street.
She successfully crossed the Pacific with a ship.
I cut across the park.
He crossed the sports ground.
If I don't drink a swig of water, I can't swallow these tablets.
If you swallow a dangerous substance, it depends on the substance which measures need to be taken.
I opened the can, but it was empty.
As a matter of fact, you are absolutely right.
How many times a month do you write your mother?
The biggest potatoes grow for the dumbest farmers.
It's the first step that counts.
The dumbest farmers have the biggest potatoes.
"Can I use your dictionary?" "Of course. Here you go."
Mr. Tanaka is a doctor, isn't he?
Let me introduce my sister to you.
Be quiet during the course.
The cat sunned itself.
The tomcat basked in the sun.
It is sweet and honorable to die for the fatherland.
She pressed her nose against the sheet of glass.
The tomcat sunned himself.
I only went to the party to fulfill my societal obligations.
Never leave.
It's very warm today.
May I visit you tomorrow?
The Chinese ideographs are very beautiful.
What is your height and weight?
Tom was offended because I didn't go to his birthday party.
I'm skimming his report right now.
My older sister showers every day.
My big sister showers every day.
He's begun to look for a job.
That's how it's always been.
There were no roses in the garden.
Did you post that on Facebook or something?
What you say makes absolutely no sense to me.
What you are saying makes absolutely no sense to me.
I'm writing these things down at the same time: eggs, butter, potatoes.
Mrs. Brown warned Beth, that she will always be too heavy if she doesn't eat reasonably.
Make yourself cozy!
How long did you need to translate the book?
I saw a joyful smile on his face.
He is delighted with this book.
I like to travel with my car.
It is exactly three o'clock now.
About how long did it take you to translate this book?
How long did it take you to translate this book?
Please lend me that book.
He told me that Mary got pregnant.
Would you lend me that book?
He wants to separate from his wife.
I have to go to a meeting now.
He drummed nervously on the railing.
I remember that I met her somewhere.
Tom understood nothing and wants to understand nothing.
Tom isn't suffering from an altered perception of reality. He's enjoying it.
Hornets are better than their reputation.
She's putting the children to sleep.
A healthy person is a poorly examined sick person.
I can't open this bottle.
Many people don't realize that antibiotics are ineffective against viral diseases.
Many people don't realize that antibiotics are ineffective against viruses.
The risks are too great.
I don't want to live the rest of my life with a woman that I can respect but can't love.
The world is not a petting zoo.
For the brave, every zoo is a petting zoo.
He parted from her with a kiss.
She was forced to say farewell to the city of her birth.
She was forced to bid her hometown farewell.
The new method has already found proponents in many countries.
Never accept a gift intended as a bribe!
Don't pull such a sour face!
Don't make such a sour face!
She was wearing a beautiful dress.
The person reading a book over there is my father.
I've met him several times.
I've met him many times.
He's wearing sunglasses.
She tried her best to help him.
I've decided to go.
I got rid of all the books.
Some monks like Munich.
I escaped from the detention center.
They say that Tom is a friendly person.
Please put your thumbprint here.
Rules only change when a sufficient number of people violate them causing the rule makers to re-examine their original purpose.
Puyehue Volcano keeps on spewing lava.
The book tells the story of a dragon that can't breathe fire.
The idea of entering a sauna wearing clothes is unthinkable.
"What's Grandma doing?" "She's sleeping on the couch."
I gripped your arm until it reddened.
Try as I might, I just cannot stay awake in front of the TV at night.
The tight band around one of her arms made her feel uncomfortable.
No matter how bad you feel, don't give up.
My gay friend met his boyfriend at the beach.
My boyfriend met a gay friend at the beach.
God must love the rich or he wouldn't divide so much among so few of them.
"Tom, could you lend me your electronic dictionary?" "Yeah, no problem. Here you go." "Thank you!"
If the government doesn't subsidise the car industry, it will struggle badly and may even cease to exist.
I like red wine much more than white wine.
I think your English has gotten a lot better.
There's a remote control under the chair.
A squirrel hid in the branches.
She looks very sick.
Some believe that Nessie lives in this lake.
To call him "sir" seems to be overly feudal.
He's called Jones.
There are thousands of languages in the world, but only one is the bridge to all of their speakers.
I'm sitting home alone.
We aim to satisfy our customers' wants and needs.
All you have to do is write.
It's no walk in the park.
You're upsetting me!
If there's something more terrifying in the world than eternity, then it's probably the current progress of my diploma thesis.
There is no God but Allah, and Mohammed is his prophet.
I think he's hiding something from us.
Is learning in middle school hard?
There's lighting right now.
I never saw him before.
The train arrived at the right time at the train station.
Blood circulates in the body.
Well, I never!
We got going straight to the north.
She said that she's turning next month.
Yes, it's true I've forgotten the world. Who cares about it but you? Luckily, you're there to save it!
The alleviation of poverty is an issue which confronts governments around the world.
I believe that it can be done.
The roses in the flowerbed smell good.
A small spark often ignites a big flame.
I go to bed at ten o'clock at night.
The noises are getting on my nerves.
I really miss them.
I'm not your plaything.
You have two pounds.
A cool autumn is coming.
He is extremely unbiased.
Who fears war should bring about peace.
We were successful!
I was very alarmed when I saw a stranger in my backyard.
After he had crossed all the seas of the world, he drowned in a glass of water.
Your red cheeks give away your perversion.
I like this song. It has a nice rhythm and is danceable.
Your red cheeks radiate innocence.
Christiano Ronaldo is a soccer player.
I thank you very much for your help.
I want you all to stay with me.
At what time did you go to sleep yesterday?
The store is right in the middle of the city.
How come you ate the cucumber, you dimwit? You knew that I wanted to make a cucumber mask!
Halloween is over!
The masks are falling.
My hobby is collecting watches.
He is rich enough to buy a foreign car.
Governments might come and go, but ideas go on forever.
Najib is not a good leader.
Rosmah likes to collect toilet bowls.
The leaders of Malaysia like bribes.
Dream as if you'll live forever. Live as if you'll die today.
How do you synthesize aspirin?
I intend to live forever, or die trying.
What is your suggestion?
Tom doesn't even know how to boil water.
That sounds like a literal translation from the English.
No one likes to eat a burnt barbecue!
What can cheer up, soften, color everything - a big love.
Who's going to be there?
Do you remember meeting me before?
The cat sleeps on the chair.
Don't store wood or paper near oxidizers.
Everything necessary has been done.
I've done everything necessary.
It was my pleasure!
I don't think I look much like me in that photo.
What would I do if tea didn't exist?
I'm afraid we can't change it. Nobody listens to us.
What would I do if there was no tea in the world?
You need to turn left at the second light.
You should turn left at the second light.
I wrote a letter to my teacher.
When you want to wash up, first prepare the towel to dry yourself with.
What if the Statue of Liberty was made out of gold?
There are a lot of weirdos at the gym at in the morning. And proudly, I'm one of them.
How many unemployed are there in the world?
The guests are sleeping in this room.
She can come along again anytime.
Last year's Miss Universe winner is very tall.
Turn left at the second traffic light.
I read a book today.
He died in your arms.
She died in your arms.
He died in their arms.
She died in their arms.
She can speak.
He can speak.
The baby can't speak.
Her baby can't speak.
The vodka is very strong.
My vodka is strong.
Polish is my native language.
A language is never foreign.
I can't speak another language.
I can speak your language.
Did you listen to his new song?
Did you listen to her new song?
I want to be a movie star.
I want to be a film star.
Don't blame yourself.
Yesterday Mary was sentenced to two years eight months in jail for investment fraud.
He broke the record.
I broke the world record.
Roger worked from early in the morning until late at night.
To my surprise, the door was open.
Fruit and vegetables are good for your health, but we don't know why.
Don't worry. He's not my boyfriend. He's just a friend.
Mary asked Tom to open the wine bottle and then kissed him while he was distracted.
Tom thinks that he's Mary's boyfriend, but Mary thinks that he's just a friend.
Mary thinks that she's Tom's girlfriend, but for Tom, she's just a friend.
Mary asked Tom to open the wine bottle and then kissed him while he was busy.
The communists called each other "comrades".
Comrade Tom fell in love with comrade Mary.
Mary thought that Tom wasn't at the Halloween party, but in fact he was secretly observing her from behind his werewolf mask.
Tom was sentenced to fifteen years in jail for being an accessory to murder.
Generally speaking, being an accessory to any crime, including murder, means you knew it was happening and did nothing to try and stop it.
Lastly, cook on low heat for thirty minutes and it's done.
I really wonder how much the inheritance tax will amount to.
Tom is arrogant and thinks that he's better than all of his coworkers.
Don't rock the boat.
I don't want to rock the boat.
I want names.
Who broke the coffee machine?
I just discovered the dark side of Tatoeba.
Where is this money coming from?
Where did this money come from?
Who wrote this sentence?
You're out of here.
I've been practicing a long time for this.
I bloomed while having conversation and enjoying the mixed-gender bath.
As for the criminal, I also currently have no idea how to interpret his actions.
I don't see the small car.
Your being here has helped me a lot.
Will you go to Copacabana today?
One of his friends who lived at Copacabana always made him reservations.
Unbelievable! We saw a black sheep on the shores of Copacabana beach.
My life was never the same after that.
I love broccoli.
Tom just dumped me.
Poland has been a member of the European Union since May 2004.
Can I have more broccoli?
This soup is very simple to make.
The judge said he had never seen such an amicable and mutually agreed divorce.
I love carrots!
For many are called, but few are chosen.
I am not a panda.
They divorced by mutual agreement.
Many are called, but few are chosen.
We have something we want to tell you.
The Philippines experienced more than twenty super typhoons that year.
If it didn't work why would you keep doing it?
If you were more ambitious, you could go a long way.
You're not ambitious enough, Tom.
Go wash up before dinner.
Everyone's got a reason to celebrate the beginning of the new year. They all survived the old one.
Do you care what other people think about us?
This phenomenon creates homophones in spoken language.
He was pressed for time, so he only skimmed through the morning paper before rushing out the door.
Many say they are sorry, but no one does anything to help.
I slipped on an icy patch.
The kiss missed.
He missed his kiss.
I miss his kiss.
I miss his kisses.
I cried all morning.
She aimed for his mouth and missed.
Miss, do you miss his kiss?
She blew him a kiss.
She tried to get up, but the pain was too great.
My wrist hurts.
I apologize to all of you.
Are you going to the prom with anyone?
I just want to sit in a corner and cry.
There's nothing I can do to help him.
There's nothing I can do to help her.
There's nothing you can do to help him.
There's nothing you can do to help her.
Are you back in Taipei now?
Your mom is so cute!
I've always wanted to go to Turkey.
I order pizza.
No, I want to pay in cash.
He's a bad ass.
The squeaking door gave the burglar away.
The burglars appear to have been surprised by the watchman.
"Perhaps we'd better not tell Tom anything about today." "I agree."
One of the most famous horse races in the world, the Melbourne Cup, will be held today.
A would-be thief got a big surprise when a group of women chanting "Jesus" scared the intruder away from their commune.
Mum's just gone shopping.
My government continues to treat dissent as defection.
When can we move in?
When can I move in?
Have you seen Tom's TV show, "Tom and Friends"?
Tom has a hot tub.
He didn't get the job.
She didn't get the job.
"Maybe it's better not to tell Tom anything about today." "I think so too."
Mary had noted a distinct change in Tom's behavior and work habits.
She was mad about the prank, but I got her good.
Tom got Mary good on April Fools' Day.
The most beautiful flowers have the sharpest thorns.
Why don't you adopt this sentence?
I have to go, although I don't want to.
Don't hit me, please!
I think you're hungry. Eat.
Life would be a mistake without music.
I wanted to help you, I really did, but then I thought I'd rather take care of my own life.
Philosophy is the art of taking revenge on reality.
The desire for love to be mutual does not belong to love but to vanity.
So is it or is it 20?
I'm even older.
He who makes his bed must lie in it.
He knew the story already.
The hungry cat scattered the trash all over the kitchen.
The place where one learns is a school, and the place where one prays is a church.
My cousin invited me to her big birthday party.
The flag of the Czech Republic is almost the same as that of the Philippines.
My new car enables me to go anywhere, anytime.
There are heavy fines for parking in a disabled zone without a permit.
Last night I dreamt of you.
There are big fines for talking on a hand-held mobile phone while driving.
The police will suspect that he is the murderer.
I'm really fed up with this heat.
I've got to prepare for the test.
I think I know what Tom's doing here.
I taught French to Tom three years ago.
Now you tell.
Maybe it's the same person.
Fun became earnest. Earnest is now four years old.
You can't rely on him.
I've been studying English for three years.
Does she know why Tom doesn't want to go to Boston with us?
Does he know why Tom doesn't want to go to Boston with us?
And the Lord God built the rib which He took from Adam into a woman.
Whoever doesn't capitalize when the opportunity presents itself will later regret not having used the chance.
Whoever hasn't saved anybody has made no enemies for himself.
Who doesn't value the penny isn't worth the dollar.
Whoever knocks get opened up to.
He who marries changes.
Is it an animal? Is it a plant? Is it a mineral? Is it a thing? Is it something immaterial?
As a youth, I always wanted one thing most of all: my own room.
I hadn't thought about something: about the replacement glasses.
You really staying eight weeks in Hamburg?
How could you even forget that?
I never had the courage to open it.
What do you usually eat with red wine?
I come here as often as I can.
I go as often as I can.
It's already November, but it hasn't snowed yet.
Please put a comma between the two main clauses.
I tripped on a stone and twisted my ankle.
He hadn't eaten anything the whole day and was hungry.
She greeted me politely.
Quarantine in progress.
I reckon the only aim of science is to alleviate the hardships of human existence.
Parliamentary immunity is a controversial issue.
Police are seeking witnesses to the armed robbery of a fast food outlet at o'clock last night.
Please drive slowly.
You won't get anything if you're too picky.
We are going home.
Do you know where his keys are?
The keys to the garage are gone.
I will retire as soon as I turn sixty.
There is a good chance of him having a girlfriend.
He read a boring novel.
Who's doing the dishes?
We want to go to the cinema.
Perhaps the weather will get better tomorrow.
I don't drink that without sugar.
What colour is orange?
I want to sit in the middle.
Do you drink iced water?
Is it dangerous to go out for walks at night?
We got lost while driving.
You smoke too much. Don't smoke so much!
There is a soccer stadium in the city where I live.
Where's a good restaurant around here?
We were quite shocked by her sudden death.
The former minister of energy was elected president on Sunday.
His index finger is shorter than his ring finger.
I have a bottle of perfume from Grasse.
I tried vinegar bath once or twice, I don't remember.
I'm happy when you do that.
Someone stole my umbrella at the bakery.
Did you say a tea party at your place this Sunday?
Does anybody here know what a moon cake is in French?
I can change language and speak in English or German.
Isaac Newton was born on December 25, 1642.
He already regretted when I'd only said it.
Never deal with a dragon and never trust an elf!
The unicorn ran at the tree with all his might and penetrated the trunk so deeply with his horn that he couldn't pull it out and was thus stuck.
Tom was punished for daring to break the unwritten law.
They know how to fish.
Because he received no answer, he started running and shoved the ghost down the stairs, so that it rolled down ten steps and then remained motionless lying in the corner.
This is really terrible.
Let's set up a time for the picnic.
What do you think about reggae?
This system has a safety lock.
If you realize you've done something wrong, then you should listen to your conscience and fix it as much as possible.
She revealed the secret.
Mr. Suzuki is an outstanding scientist.
Jane always behaved as if she were rich.
This job is a good one, but the trouble is that I cannot study.
What a failure!
I'm singing.
Speaking about a daughter's success, you can't but mention her mother.
Esperanto shouldn't replace native languages, but rather just become the second language for everybody.
Mary wants the nice picture of a penguin from Tom's profile.
She hopes that everyone will work enthusiastically on this unique project.
She traveled all over Europe last month.
Tell me when you're coming back home.
You'll come back early, won't you?
Last night, I stayed home waiting for you to call.
Experience is when you discover something you don't want to discover.
Termites don't live on your hair.
The first air striking unit consisted of Zero fighters, torpedo bombers and dive bombers.
On December 7th Japanese fleet consisting of aircraft carriers: Akagi, Kaga, Hiryū, Sōryū, Shōkaku, and Zuikaku and additional two line battleships: Hiei und Kirishima were spotted on the traverse to the Oahu island, Hawaii.
Tom is well-spoken.
Tom is not well-spoken.
Tom is clumsy with words.
I still have to try it.
Drive carefully! Those are treacherous roads up there.
Change your haircut, or your house.
Africa is home.
I wouldn't mind finding a Singaporean wife.
Comment and let us know!
Leave a comment.
Every comment is unnecessary.
Allowing robots to take their own decisions can be dangerous, because they can turn against their owner.
We can't judge him; he did what he could.
Yesterday he couldn't go to school, but today he can.
Should I or should I not do this?
There's one thing I hate doing in my life.
Tom took a picture of the cows.
How do you milk a cow?
What's the difference between cows and bulls?
A bull is male and a cow is female.
I am nervous and scared.
I was nervous and scared.
It's you who will decide whether to accept it or not.
The horses are pulling the harrow.
This farmer owns horses instead of a tractor.
"Where's Laurie?" "She's in the kitchen."
Seriously, many of them are not readable.
Scythes are used for mowing grass by hand.
A baler is used to compress hay into bales.
You're a strange girl.
I don't get your point.
The horse is in the stable.
Germany is made up of sixteen Länder.
I'm not strange.
I know every corner of the city.
Can I give you a hug?
I spread the cheese on the bread.
She learned Latin in school.
There was a lot of thunder last night.
He learned Latin in school.
Tom wore a Hawaiian shirt.
It's the biggest sports shop in the region.
Sleep is the biggest thief; it steals half of our lives.
All intercultural encounters are a win-win for both parties, as they provide an opportunity for learning.
When will Latin finally be buried as a dead tongue?
Only animals should wear fur.
The washbasin is made of granite.
During the Industrial Revolution, people worked hours non-stop.
If more people gave blood, the world would be a happier place.
It wasn't the mark that he was expecting.
Shut your trap!
It isn't the mark that he was expecting.
Tom took a picture of a squirrel while it was eating a nut.
Our team botched a lot of passes.
Have you tried swimming?
Is that a good thing or a bad thing?
The last time I tried swimming, I almost drowned.
Should I address you with the familiar or polite form of "you"?
Mary went to a Hauptschule, but Tom went to Gymnasium.
Not everyone's the same.
I probably sound ridiculous.
My house is haunted.
I was waiting for you to tell me what you hope I'll do.
Do you want me to tell you what I'm expecting?
It matters little if the cat is white or black; the important thing is that it chase rats.
I'm Melanie.
We congratulate you on the day of your wedding, and wish you all the best.
I did not order this car.
She doesn't smoke and she doesn't drink vodka.
This elf is so cute.
This elf is so little.
Elves are very beautiful.
Elves are very mean.
Where are the elves?
Hanako questioned his sincerity.
Actions are more important than words.
Don't accuse him of that.
Did you father sons and daughters?
He's eating breakfast in the cafe.
"Little sentence, when will you tatoebify yourself?" "I will tatoebify myself when all little sentences tatoebify themselves."
I arrived late last night.
I heard him sing a song.
Did you sleep well last night?
He considered a collaboration.
My father bought me this hat.
I go to bed at eleven at night.
Not until I visited Australia did it become clear to me how small Japan is.
My grandfather turned years old.
If you want to seduce this douche, then you'll have to start painting your nails red instead of chewing them.
I'm going to stay home tonight.
I phone often but seldom write letters.
Where did you buy these shoes?
It could be advantageous for me to continue this way.
As far as I could see, I saw nothing but sand.
They cost just dollars, and I'll give you two cans of shoe polish free as well.
We have to decide, and soon!
She is not only beautiful, but also gentle and, furthermore, intelligent.
I wanted to lock the door, but I'd lost the key.
You can limit the search results to one language and additionally state whether there have to be translations in a certain language for the sentences.
The museum is open from nine o'clock in the morning.
Don't mix up effectiveness and efficiency.
I like this song. It has an infectious rhythm and it's good to dance to.
There is no prescription for a common cold.
Minute particles are hard to see with the naked eye.
A fork is missing.
I'm busy right now and can't play with you.
I have nothing else to add to that.
I wonder which language is spoken in Brazil?
I was disappointed that I had so little to do.
If everything goes well, I can make two to three pieces per day.
It's not working well because the batteries are weak.
Because of the bad weather, the plane was delayed three hours.
I successfully gave up nail biting on my own.
Do you know when his plane is arriving?
He lost his sight.
The man is buying beautiful roses for his wife.
The man buys beautiful roses for his wife.
Drive cautiously.
She opens her legs for everyone.
I let my hand wander between her thighs for a long time.
I would like a list of the Italian words that don't appear in the corpus yet.
Make a cross before your name.
The Department of Health is issuing a warning.
I'll look up the expression in the dictionary.
You can't express that in words.
One can't put that in words.
Can I help you somehow?
Why do you hide your breasts?
Be quiet for a second.
I think men can live on the moon.
How did you hear about that?
They went to the mountains, but the weather wasn't nice.
It's fun to learn Esperanto.
Being underage is the inability to avail oneself of one's mind without the guidance of another.
Do you know her brother?
Do you know their brother?
Almost there.
I've lost my sense of smell.
He moves awkwardly.
He died rather young. He'd just turned years old.
You can describe reality but not know it.
The meat spoiled because of the heat.
My brother just went.
Javier blushed.
Javier is turning red.
I promised him I'd translate the whole interface.
I still haven't finished my chocolate mousse.
Maybe you should finish this book.
I would have gladly gone abroad during high school, but my parents didn't want me to.
The blade of my knife is very sharp.
The blade of my knife is very keen.
Don't you also think that out politicians are too old?
I received a knife with a sharp blade.
The falcon has keen eyes.
The falcon has sharp eyes.
She has a keen business sense.
I have to help him no matter what.
This girl has become a woman.
A banana is yellow.
How did you sleep, dear?
The sun will soon set.
Yesterday, I went to sleep at ten o'clock.
He plunged into the lake fully clothed.
After pleasure comes pain.
His skin is as firm as a teenager's.
They all looked for the missing child.
Everyone looked for the missing kid.
Everyone was looking for the missing child.
They were all looking for the missing child.
She paid the rent with interest.
He lost his head and fled in a mad rush.
He lived in Kobe for three years.
He was confused by the abrupt question.
My grandmother used to tell me pleasant fairy tales.
Her story was made up.
Their story was made up.
Today, we're going dancing.
We're going dancing today.
Steal money.
Under what name?
You are not allowed to leave the room.
I can hardly understand you.
Tell me about your everyday life.
If I had known your telephone number, I would've called you.
The bus stopped in front of the house.
Two glasses of apple juice, please.
When did you return from London?
Like everyone expected, the Russians won.
I meet him sometimes in the club.
I'd like to call him. Do you have his phone number?
The relative humidity is the difference between the maximum humidity and the actual humidity expressed in percentages.
The policeman blew his whistle and gave a sign for the car to stop.
The drying rack is always in the way.
I said I would do that!
I'm not going skating today.
Women earn less than men.
The night was long.
I left the car in the garage.
You will probably succeed.
It was easily resolved.
Please turn the music down a bit.
Drivers must always be cautious of pedestrians.
It was one nation until 1993, after which it was divided.
Industrial emissions cause air pollution.
I think it will storm soon.
I racked my brain and still could not come up with the answer.
I want to water ski.
I really feel hurt.
Starting is half the battle.
Is there any proof?
Her eyes welled up with tears.
The weather will probably clear up tomorrow.
These apples are so delicious!
A tiger surprised by a hedgehog will bow before the chestnut burrs.
I am haughty and you are an idiot.
Southern men, Northern women.
I drank so much alcohol yesterday that my head feels like it will explode.
The little girl was crying at the top of her lungs trying to find her mom.
We woke up at the crack of dawn.
Modesty is the art of allowing others to discover how important you are.
The advice you find the hardest to take is often the most useful.
The positive feedback for our proposal went above and beyond our highest expectations.
He lost no time.
The impact of the crisis is enormous.
Witnesses can lie.
Wine is a poem in a bottle.
He didn't get jealous.
Welcome, ladies and gentlemen!
Water is a source of life.
As usual, I was going to school at eight o' clock.
There was no malaria vaccination in 2011, either.
My godfather gave me a watch as a gift.
I received a watch as a gift from my godfather.
I'll be around until five o'clock.
What should we drink and how much?
The afflicted requested that he look upon them and lay his hands upon their heads.
It sure is cold today.
Fate shuffles the cards; we play.
Happy birthday to a man who runs a love and laughter and beer.
Anyway, I've definitely got to see her again.
Couldn't you have told me about that yesterday?
I think we're taking three steps forward then two steps back.
I'm meeting the professor at 1:p.m.
Tom was very squeamish and would pass out at the sight of blood.
Tom is very squeamish and passes out at the sight of blood.
Cosmetic stem cell therapy is in the early stages of development.
Suspense is the very stuff of narrative.
Today was definitely shorts and T-shirt weather.
It's about time we had some warm weather.
Nobody waits for me.
Those who don't smoke or drink will die healthy.
Whoever doesn't smoke or drink will live until death.
The concept they offered was overarching.
"What would you like on your sandwich, honey or condensed milk?" "Both, and don't bother with the bread."
Son, don't rack your brains over this problem, we'll solve it on our own.
I can't live this way anymore.
Whatcha readin'?
Thousands of perfectly healthy greyhounds, which have been found unsuitable for racing, are euthanased every year.
You are what you read.
He speaks fluent English.
He found his end.
It's curtains for us.
My sons have grown up.
Although Arina is years old, she imitates an adult woman well.
There wasn't a hurricane, but the house doesn't have a roof.
In the sunlight my head started to spin, and I lay down to have a rest on the grass.
Death is a disgusting thing that nature has to hide, and it does it well.
This is a girl I know well.
What if I say no?
We're interested only in the facts.
I did what she'd asked me to.
A concierge ought to treat all guests carefully.
This question is easy to answer.
Knowing you, I'm ready for anything.
They're lighting the candle and asking the great kind God for happiness.
Nobody here lives an atheistic life. During disasters and during fortunes everyone relies on God.
God, let the village be safe!
Her hobby was collecting ancient coins.
Drive carefully! The roads are treacherous.
I swear to God.
God is nature. Don't go against nature.
Sympathy is a human emotion.
All doctors say what their patients want them to.
Thy cheeks are beautiful as the turtledove's, thy neck as jewels.
I speak Mari.
Montevideo will be below water when all the polar ice melts.
Mary liked the cute penguin picture in Tom's user profile.
She's continuously interrupted.
This play has a feminist point of view.
There's a use of body language.
We're talking about a British colony.
There's the tradition of naturalism.
She is a prophetic figure.
Tottie is a prophetic figure.
She can sense the ghosts of the past.
She can predict the future.
She's now a figure of the past.
Tottie and Sara are two of the most important and interesting characters.
Tottie isn't always rational.
He's now a figure of the past.
He can predict the future.
He can sense the ghosts of the past.
He is a prophetic figure.
She appreciates his parents' love.
He lost his balance.
My wife's taste in clothes is different from mine.
It's not possible to develop a sense of humour; you've got to be born with one.
You are so beautiful, my love, so beautiful!
Behold thou art fair, O my love, behold thou art fair!
I was confused about that at first.
They are digging a hole.
I was confused at first.
Fear breeds bigotry.
Never give up on your dreams.
Beatings foster prudence.
I'm okay with that.
To the left is a large fireplace that I never light.
Boxed wine isn't usually very good.
She looked so incredibly sexy, it took his breath away.
"Can I borrow your socks?" "No."
Markku joined the local football club.
They have nothing in common with us.
It is clearly inevitable.
We will free you from the elevator.
The child is opening the window even though his mother told him not to.
The child is opening the window even though his mother forbade him to.
Drinking warm milk will help you get to sleep.
As the lily among thorns, so is my love among the daughters.
When she asked him what was so unusual about him, he showed her his wallet.
Can you spot Tom in this picture?
Tom was getting impatient.
He only kissed me once.
"How many times did he kiss you?" "Just once."
He kissed you, didn't he?
You kissed him, didn't you?
He kissed me in front of everyone.
"Where did he kiss you?" "On my lips."
He pressed his lips against mine.
Did you kiss him back?
He's clearly attracted to you.
He kissed me and then I slapped him.
Aren't you exaggerating a little?
Do you think he's handsome?
The kiss was amazing.
She's not the right girl for you.
He's not the right guy for you.
I knew there had to be a better way.
I knew there has to be a better way.
There is nothing you can do for her.
There is nothing you can do for him.
Jade, take a small gun.
As he came home it started to rain.
Come fishing with me.
I wanted to show him to you.
Alternate.
Take turns.
It's necessary that you proceed there.
Because I heard it so often, I can now recite the poem by heart.
Please exit on the left side of the train.
Please exit on the right side of the train.
The exit is on the right side of the direction of travel.
Tom fled from captivity several times.
I just need an onion for this recipe.
Mix flower with two eggs.
Indeed!
She helped me in every way.
I would like to buy.
I'll try to solve the problem by all means.
Have you stuck a stamp on the envelope?
I would really like to learn more about your country.
Last night, there was a fire in the supermarket.
I begged her not to go there.
You have no sense of organization at all.
They can conquer their fear.
I respect all who always give it their best.
If I'd known the truth, I would've told it to you.
They're reading his book.
Tom decided not to say anything until he knew more about the situation.
Tom waited until Mary was out of earshot before he started talking.
You're supposed to meet Tom in front of his hotel in about an hour.
You're supposed to have this poem memorized before our next class.
You're supposed to always pay your rent on the first of the month.
Tom opened the window even though his mother told him not to.
The person reading a book on the bench under the tree is Tom.
Tom hadn't eaten anything the whole day and was very hungry.
Does Tom know why Mary doesn't want to go to Boston with us?
You're supposed to knock before you enter someone's office.
Tom worked from early in the morning until late at night.
Tom was nervous, but he knew what he was supposed to do.
Which side of the plate is the spoon supposed to be on?
Tom was supposed to be at school today, but he wasn't.
I've spent my whole life looking for someone like you.
I thought Tom was supposed to be here for three weeks.
You were supposed to write a 300-word essay by today.
You were supposed to have this finished by yesterday.
You were supposed to be with Tom yesterday afternoon.
You're not supposed to ask those kinds of questions.
You're supposed to take your shoes off at the door.
Tom was supposed to be here for dinner an hour ago.
Tom is only supposed to have one visitor at a time.
I'll never ask you for anything else my whole life.
I had no idea what was in that room until recently.
You're welcome to ride along with us, if you want.
You're not supposed to do that without permission.
We were supposed to have lunch together, remember?
Tom and Mary were both wearing heavy winter coats.
They said something terrible had happened to Mary.
We were supposed to meet in front of the library.
You were supposed to be here thirty minutes ago.
You seem a little unsure of yourself these days.
Tom's body seems to be accepting the transplant.
Tom will be out of the office until next Monday.
I thought you were supposed to be at school now.
I thought Tom was supposed to be here yesterday.
Tom was supposed to be here thirty minutes ago.
Tom told Mary that he could predict the future.
Tom knows what would happen if he doesn't stay.
Tom always seems to be unhappy about something.
Mary is not my girlfriend. She's just a friend.
It was a lot easier than I thought it would be.
I was supposed to be in graduate school by now.
You're not supposed to be here until tomorrow.
Were you the one who planned this whole thing?
Tom was the most unpopular boy in high school.
Tom was a good husband and a wonderful father.
Tom ran into the bedroom and slammed the door.
This was supposed to be delivered an hour ago.
You're supposed to be home with your parents.
You're not supposed to have that information.
We're supposed to meet Tom in thirty minutes.
We had some unfinished business to attend to.
Tom isn't supposed to arrive until tomorrow.
There was a welcome mat in front of the door.
I thought Tom was supposed to be here by now.
I didn't expect anything like this to happen.
You're supposed to be the smartest guy here.
You're supposed to be helping Tom, you know.
Tom is rich enough to buy anything he wants.
Tom is not my boyfriend. He's just a friend.
I thought you were supposed to be in Boston.
Tom wasn't paying attention to the teacher.
Tom was very low key about the whole thing.
Tom and Mary were supposed to meet us here.
You were supposed to be watching the baby.
Tom was supposed to arrive here yesterday.
Tom is very low key about the whole thing.
I have a feeling the worst is yet to come.
You supposed to be wearing your name tag.
You have such a wonderful eye for detail.
Tom was supposed to meet us here at 2:30.
Tom kissed Mary and then she slapped him.
Tom did everything Mary asked him to do.
You're supposed to meet Tom at the club.
You're a useful man to have around, Tom.
Tom was involved in a terrible accident.
Tom could be useful to us in the future.
I've done everything Tom asked me to do.
How can I turn down the air conditioner?
You're not supposed to be in this area.
You're not exactly supposed to be here.
You knew what would happen, didn't you?
You are not welcome in my home anymore.
We're no worse off than we were before.
Tom was supposed to be there yesterday.
Tom waited until Mary was out of sight.
Tom is supposedly cleaning his bedroom.
You're welcome to join us if you want.
You're really not supposed to be here.
You're not allowed to leave this room.
You were supposed to be there by 2:30.
We aren't where we are supposed to be.
Tom will remember this his whole life.
Tom explained the whole thing to Mary.
You're not supposed to have this key.
You're not supposed to be doing that.
You were supposed to be here by 2:30.
Tom kissed Mary in front of everyone.
Tom jumped out of his bedroom window.
Tom is supposed to be arriving today.
Tom is putting the children to sleep.
We're supposed to be protecting Tom.
We only have a few hours until dark.
Tom was in his truck the whole time.
Tom slammed his bedroom door closed.
Tom quietly closed the bedroom door.
Tom lived in Boston for three years.
Tom has begun looking for a new job.
Tom had to explain the joke to Mary.
They supposedly have reached a deal.
I did everything Tom asked me to do.
Everybody probably thinks I'm crazy.
Do you want me to call an ambulance?
You're the worst liar in the world.
You're not supposed to be out here.
You're not supposed to be here now.
You're not supposed to be fighting.
Who are you going to the prom with?
We're supposed to trust each other.
Tom was in a terrible car accident.
Tom says he can predict the future.
Tom is supposed to know everything.
I'm not sure if that's a good idea.
I think this will make a nice gift.
You're supposed to wear a costume.
We're supposed to be in our rooms.
We're not supposed to be together.
Tom took a picture of the flowers.
Tom isn't afraid of snakes at all.
Tom is here every night until ten.
Tom did what Mary asked him to do.
Tom and Mary argued all afternoon.
They were supposed to protect you.
If you were me, what would you do?
I've done what Tom asked me to do.
You're welcome here anytime, Tom.
You're supposed to be practicing.
You're supposed to be on my side.
You're supposed to be downstairs.
You're not supposed to know that.
You're more than welcome to come.
You're lucky that you have a job.
You were supposed to be prepared.
Were you with Tom the whole time?
We're not supposed to have these.
We have some unfinished business.
It's a lot easier than I thought.
I sometimes meet Tom at the club.
You're supposed to be there now.
You're supposed to be in school.
You're supposed to be in Boston.
You're always welcome here, Tom.
You'll never know until you try.
We're not supposed to leave yet.
We were supposed to protect Tom.
We knew one day it would happen.
We had some unfinished business.
Tom was watching the whole time.
Tom tried his best to help Mary.
Tom isn't the right guy for you.
Tom is supposed to be at school.
Tom is in Boston until tomorrow.
Have you ever been to Australia?
You're supposed to be the best.
You're supposed to be relaxing.
You said it would never happen.
Tom would never have done that.
Tom was supposed to protect us.
Tom was in here the whole time.
Tom started to untie his shoes.
Tom said Mary wouldn't be here.
This is an unexpected surprise.
This is all a terrible mistake.
I'm sure everything'll be okay.
You're supposed to be resting.
You'll always be welcome here.
We're supposed to be together.
We're checking the whole area.
Tom was unsure how to proceed.
Tom was supposed to assist me.
Tom said you would understand.
Tom quickly opened the letter.
Tom never would've hurt you.
I feel like I can do anything.
I did what Tom asked me to do.
You're supposed to be in bed.
You must really like dancing.
When Tom saw me, he ran away.
Tom often stays up all night.
Tom learned French in school.
Tom is very unhappy with you.
Tom had a terrible childhood.
I'm on my way to Tom's place.
I couldn't decide what to do.
How often does Tom come here?
Do you think Tom is handsome?
Do you mind if I try this on?
Are you allergic to anything?
You're not supposed to talk.
We have unfinished business.
We have some wonderful news.
We are adjourned until 2:30.
Tom was unsure how to react.
Tom was supposed to help me.
Tom planned the whole thing.
Tom looked at me and smiled.
Tom knows what would happen.
This was a terrible mistake.
Now I know what I should do.
Is Tom allergic to anything?
How can I turn up the stove?
Could you get me some water?
Can you give me some advice?
You're supposed to say yes.
You're supposed to be dead.
You have a wonderful voice.
Tom was unsure what to say.
Tom never would've asked.
Tom missed the whole thing.
Tom knew the story already.
Tom is supposed to be here.
Tom doesn't smoke or drink.
Something's terribly wrong.
Should I call an ambulance?
It's obvious that Tom lied.
How often do you come here?
You're welcome to join us.
You're welcome to join me.
You were supposed to wait.
We have not yet succeeded.
Tom wrote to me yesterday.
Tom was unsure what to do.
Tom kissed you, didn't he?
Tom goes to school by bus.
Is it OK if I go home now?
I can't decide what to do.
You're a wonderful woman.
Would you like to try it?
We argued the whole time.
Tom told me to come here.
Tom speaks fluent French.
Tom said Mary would call.
Tom has not yet returned.
You have until midnight.
We're supposed to relax.
Tom said you would come.
Tom left his bed unmade.
Tom is unhappy about it.
Tom greeted me politely.
Tom died in Mary's arms.
Is it OK if I stay here?
We'll accept your deal.
Tom didn't get the job.
Tom didn't get jealous.
I begged Tom not to go.
You have until Monday.
What's this made from?
Tom took a wild guess.
That kiss was amazing.
I wonder what that is.
Am I doing this right?
When did the war end?
Tom broke the record.
How much is the rent?
You have until 2:30.
Tom looks very sick.
Can I help you cook?
Am I doing it right?
What's this called?
What's it good for?
Can we go inside?
I need to focus.
How do I do it?
How hot is it?
Do you fish?
He sold his house for a hundred fifty thousand euro.
I came here for that reason.
Which subject do you prefer?
What I am today is due to my parents.
Your tea will get cold if you don't drink it soon.
The Soviet troops have started the withdrawal from Afghanistan.
Our company decided for consistent fees.
He has fully recovered and can already work again.
He spoke about the unpleasant story for two hours.
She laughed happily.
My room is a little small, but comfortable.
I have the feeling that since last Sunday morning, years have gone by.
While she sat on the cliff and combed her hair, she sang a wonderfully beautiful song.
Sorry that I'm calling so early.
That's very difficult for us.
Raising a child demands patience.
Do you have the shirt one size bigger?
The rabbit's ear is bleeding.
He has completely recovered and can go back to work.
This sentence will self-destruct in five seconds.
I bet you don't remember me.
I'm in position.
Have a nice evening.
Tom, do you copy?
I don't like the way you think.
What are you doing to me?
It was smaller than I had imagined.
It was smaller than I thought.
And how do you know that?
I don't like this sentence.
My boyfriend doesn't know.
My girlfriend doesn't know.
It was just my imagination.
It was just your imagination.
Someone stole my money.
I presume you are aware of the difficulties.
When I went to look, I found the boy fast asleep.
It looks like it might rain, so don't forget your umbrella.
You should take an umbrella with you today.
You should take an umbrella in case it rains.
Click the "Like" button and subscribe to my channel!
Eat some more of these soft French buns and drink some tea.
It seems as if anything I like is illegal, immoral or fattening.
There are trees on either side of the river.
Come on guys, let's get along!
Folks, let's live as good friends!
I'm afraid that's wrong.
He had to bathe the wound three times a day with a saline solution.
Salt water baths can help reduce arthritis pain.
According to your story, Tom left this bakery around o'clock.
Arise, make haste, my love, my dove, my beautiful one, and come.
Open your books.
I sometimes go to the cinema.
Right after my arrest I was interrogated several times.
If you don't find an attorney we will order a public defender for you.
If you can't afford a lawyer, one will be appointed to you.
I asked Tom if he could recommend a good lawyer.
Can you recommend a good lawyer?
Can you recommend a good travel agent?
I met my friends.
The coin is gold.
I usually go to sleep very early.
The fig tree hath put forth her green figs: the vines in flower yield their sweet smell.
Don't open your books.
We bought the newspaper.
I can help my brother.
Shew me thy face, let thy voice sound in my ears: for thy voice is sweet, and thy face comely.
It's extremely embarrassing.
If I forget thee, O Jerusalem, let my right hand forget her cunning. Let my tongue cleave to the roof of my mouth, if I remember thee not, if I set not Jerusalem above my chiefest joy.
This only happened once.
I have to be careful.
My mother was a university graduate.
"Where's Rio de Janeiro?" "It's in Brazil."
You've written to them.
These clothes suit young people well.
Don't leave your glasses on the table.
It rained a lot last summer.
Who did he see?
Jim always avoids trouble at all costs.
I hope this movie is really funny.
"Where are my glasses?" "You left them on the kitchen table."
The murderer was sentenced to life in prison.
I dream a lot.
Please stop!
What are the Germans like?
Although Tom liked to sing very much, no one wanted to listen to him.
They who can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety, deserve neither liberty nor safety.
Irritable men are always the last to know about things.
Man knows the world not by what he takes from it, but by what he adds to it.
Speech is but a noise and books are but paper.
Not everyone is meant to be happy.
He who loves much does not forgive easily.
To learn to write, there is nothing better than a professor who doesn't know how to read.
Men are only heroes when they can't avoid it.
Men are only heroes when they can't avoid acting otherwise.
There are eyes that give light, and others that receive it.
Poems are made in about the same way that we make guns. We take a hole, and we put something around it.
The flower of illusion produces the fruit of reality.
A question is an answer.
Music is the soul of geometry.
A great wine is not the work of a single man, but the result of a long and refined tradition. There are more than a thousand years of history in an old bottle.
There are men who manage to hide even their own hypocrisy.
The moon, an old woman with no ears.
When I'm dead, no one will make me suffer.
Time is the sin of eternity.
There is nothing in the Heavens and on the Earth that love cannot give.
Between two words, we must choose the shortest one.
You think me an idiot? It's because I'm talking with you.
Is living the goal of life?
Why is it that kids leave their clothes all over the floor, after they take them off?
Rack off, hairy legs!
I doubt, because I think that the future will know better.
The real dreamer is he who dreams of the impossible.
Let's explain things from the future's perspective: we are the future's monkeys.
Only silence is great, the rest is weakness.
Hope is the greatest of our follies.
Poetry is a sickness of the brain.
Tom loved to sing, but nobody wanted to listen to his singing.
Tom loved singing. However, no one wanted to listen to him sing.
Tom, too, was almost killed.
Tom always tries to avoid trouble.
May I see your birth certificate?
Tom never boarded the plane.
Tom never got on the plane.
Tom lost his boarding pass.
Tom sat alone at the table with a half-empty bottle of wine.
Tom took the bottle from Mary and looked at the label.
Tom threw a rock at the bottle, hit it and broke it.
Do you want to play cards and watch the game tomorrow?
Tom took the bottle from Mary and poured himself a drink.
Tom took a drink and then offered the bottle to Mary.
Tom uncorked the bottle with his teeth.
Tom got a bottle of water out of the fridge.
Tom opened the bottle of wine and sniffed it.
Tom opened another bottle of wine.
Tom came into the room carrying three bottles of wine.
It looks like today will be a long day.
Do you know who this belongs to?
Do you know whose this is?
You can't make everyone happy all the time.
Tom laid his cards down on the table with a smile.
Tom picked up the cards and began shuffling them.
Tom dealt five cards to each player.
Tom picked up the bottle of shampoo and squirted some in his hand.
Tom went over to Mary's with a bottle of wine.
Tom was in a very jocular mood after being given a raise by his boss.
Come on, you can clap louder than that.
Generally speaking, distance runners are less flexible than sprinters.
Gymnasts are among the most flexible of all athletes.
We lack wings, but we still have enough strength to fall.
Cars are already parked like that on the sidewalk.
Let's simply look at this example.
Please help conserve water.
It's possible to sneeze with your eyes open.
The factory was his, but was bought by a group of Germans.
The tide rises approximately every six hours.
My hobbies are baking and watching movies.
Tom, tell me your email.
Mary became worried after she read Tom's letter.
A service requires a service in return.
"Fire!" Tom cried.
Tom shouted, "There's a fire!"
I had no sales today.
Remove the screw and the lampshade.
Forgive and forget.
Since she often played at the casino, she always needed money.
I personally consider the death of an artist like Lou Reed tragic.
This movie terrifies children.
What a stupid question!
Your attitude towards work bothers me!
You can add this page to your web browser's favorites so you can come back to it later.
What's your email address?
He discovered new music every day using the Internet.
I was very busy today.
I like the picture.
If you are driving a car at high speed and feel that you are about to sneeze, I recommend that you slow down and, if necessary, even stop the car, because it is not possible to sneeze with your eyes open.
Liisa had her hair dyed blonde.
Liisa put her hand on Markku's shoulder.
Tom put his hand on Mary's shoulder.
In my bed by night I sought him whom my soul loveth.
I can't sneeze with my eyes open, but I do know someone who can.
I can't articulate myself very well. I even find it hard to get my tongue around the word "articulation".
Good communication with students is essential for effective teaching.
What day of the week is Tuesday?
Famine weakens. Debt causes suffering.
Tom had his hair dyed black.
This restaurant serves savoury meals.
The five brothers worked together on the farm.
Tom speaks five languages, including Russian.
This is one of the signs of weakness and the impending doom of imperialism.
The cold weather is terrible, isn't it?
I have a feeling today is going to be interesting.
Their pseudo-scientific rhetoric serves as justification for America's imperialist foreign policy.
This coffee comes from Eritrea.
This woman gives the impression of being wealthy.
He is a brave man in his own eyes.
Don't drink too much champagne.
The frailties of the old lecher were both physical and moral.
Loneliness is the lot of all outstanding spirits.
She cares about your safety.
Tom was feeling down because Mary made fun of his hair style.
We talked about this and that.
This office has very modern furniture.
He's as big as I am.
Unwrap it.
The tree fell to the ground.
I'm not jealous of your life at all.
In the mornings I'm very lazy and don't want to do anything.
How's the teaching life?
The sound of a kiss is not as loud as that of a cannon, but its echo lasts much longer.
I know what may happen here.
I know what might happen here.
You're charming today.
My hearing is bad.
Loneliness is the fate of all outstanding people.
Thy two breasts are like two young roes that are twins, which feed among the lilies.
Tatoeba always needs more sentences!
My makeup has washed off.
Mary slept with a coworker.
She had an affair with her boss.
He started leaving love notes on her desk.
They had a few drinks and ended up sleeping together.
You are not the first to make this mistake.
He was involved in a relationship with a co-worker.
The past is the past. There's nothing you can do about it.
The fish is hiding under the rocks.
The meaning of an average man's life consists in three things: eating, drinking, and fucking.
Tom turned in his grave after reading everything written about him on Tatoeba.
How beautiful nature made you! To whom are you fated to belong?
What's up, everybody?
You're Emily.
Are these my socks or your socks?
She's Laurie.
No one will have the heart to say it.
What's so great about being normal?
Everything artificial that breaks the laws of nature dies sooner or later anyway. Only nature's creations can be eternal.
What should we say?
Without knowing what may happen tomorrow, I live in permanent fear.
Tom didn't disagree.
Your story is boring.
It seems I'm falling ill.
It's nearly seven o'clock. We have to go to school.
What's the first thing you did when you woke up this morning?
"What's the first thing you did when you woke up this morning?" "I went back to sleep."
Relax. We're going to be all right.
It was difficult to restrain myself from smothering Tom.
I've never been asked for anything like this.
Tom sends his regards from the other side.
I've never been asked to do anything like this before.
Tom grew up in an isolated village deep in the mountains.
You can always contact me.
You must be new around here.
Although I received pills at the hospital, I never took them properly.
They decided to travel back in time to save Tom.
Your self-pity gets on my nerves.
I've had a tickle in my throat since this morning. Have I really caught a cold?
This is Tom's tomcat's tomb.
This child's behaviour is just terrible.
The story goes in a roundabout way.
That's a gross mistake.
This subject is just terrible.
This region is located in a valley.
The chakras are constantly spinning. If they weren't, the physical body couldn't exist.
I'm experiencing the same issue.
I filled the jug to the brim.
You're testing my patience!
The cat says "meow".
I've given you all the knowledge that I have.
This is all I can teach you.
I can't teach you anything else.
By the way, in case he comes, let him wait for me.
I'm not forcing you to pay extra.
I want to drink one more bottle of beer.
I think it's time to write one more letter to my mother.
The users of Tatoeba don't want Tom to die.
Should I know anything else?
There's one more aspect I'd like to touch upon during our conversation.
The exhibition will be open for a month.
He said that he hated me but needed my help.
Hell is paved with promises.
I see a man and a woman.
What, nobody has cassette players anymore?
I wish I had more time to talk to her.
The doctor advised me to quit smoking.
It is ideal for those who want to lead a healthy life.
"I wonder why ghosts only appear at night." "Really? I've seen them in the daytime." "Are you serious?"
Let's call for the ambulance.
She's barely learning.
You aren't responsible for what Tom did.
Anybody who once proclaimed violence to be his method, must inexorably choose lie as his principle.
"Will you clean your room today or not?! If not, you won't get sweets toworrow" - "Really, mom, you always give convincing reasons!"
Evil is not eternal.
Today I didn't go to school, and neither did you.
To live is to struggle.
There are always more people who want to fix someone else's mistakes than those who want to do something on their own.
He has already started.
I even wanted to shake his hand, but then I remembered that I had killed a man.
There are many people who can do the same as you.
You need to understand who you really are.
If you get to know your own world, you won't have to fear anything.
All your problems are concentrated in your heart, so you just need to examine yourself.
Happiness is always with you. You don't have to go somewhere far away for it. It is here - in a quiet solitary room.
Only after perceiving harmony you may become great.
It turns out that the child has disappeared.
Show me another one.
You should care about every moment of your life, so that you need not be ashamed for your past deeds.
He didn't understand Mary's joke.
I want to master Swedish.
Should I call you "thou" or "you"?
I don't know. It all happened so fast.
This translation is not worth a red cent.
She can ask questions and answer them.
I know this feeling very well.
I think whatever languages, supposed to be global, you write, in the modern world it won't become a barrier for our communication.
Judge people not by age, but by behavior. Years are deceptive.
What songs would be on your list?
He's been looking for the missing cat all day.
Have you been punched?
Tom doesn't have to do it.
She's been looking for the missing cat all day long.
Tom needn't do it.
She turned out to be smaller than I'd thought she was.
Every language is equally precious and valuable to its speakers.
Love for one's native language is to be cultivated from childhood.
No language, no nation.
Who wants to come with me to see "Thor"?
In the old days, when man was innocent, God sent his daughter to see the Earth.
It's a sin to say so.
You've sweared at me for nothing.
If you made a mistake, then overcome your shame, try to expiate your fault.
Why did God offend us like this? What sin is upon us?
Death doesn't understand jokes: people call for it, and it comes.
The sky is obscure, I can see no star.
Can you give us any advice?
We should be faithful to our principles.
She went to bed late last night.
This mountain isn't a lofty one.
Were I younger and richer, you'd marry me.
It's impossible to make out what he wrote.
Bulgarian is close to Russian.
My father told me to keep silent.
My younger brother said that he'd had a nightmare that night.
There's always an invisible war for the future of native language.
If the nation has respect for its origin, then its language is rich.
Only a narrow-minded man can disavow his native language absorbed with his mother's milk.
In China there are seven large independent languages spoken by millions of people.
We speak Mari.
Life will teach you everything.
You need to take this medicine three times a day.
You'll get used to it rapidly.
The truck nearly ran me over.
Every day you should at least listen to a short song, read a good poem, look at a beautiful picture, and, if possible, say several intelligent words.
The language with the largest number of native speakers is Chinese.
I have a friend who lives in Germany. His name is Tom. Do you know him?
Tom's personality complicates matters.
Tom has acquired a serious opponent - John.
How does one change his views?
Mary bluntly refused the gift that Tom, her mother's new boyfriend, wanted to make her. Later, she regretted it.
Can we do something?
I can't explain that since I'm only a genius.
Tom says he's going to beat you up.
Can you bet your butt that it's true?
The stars seem dim because of the city lights.
One and one makes two.
I'll go change my clothes.
You're so rude that I want to punch you.
It was impudent of him.
He spoke slowly, with a strong Texas accent.
They stated that it was a flagrant violation of international law.
Inspired by Asian religions, he created beautiful sculptures.
No steam breaks bones.
He went out, yielding to a sudden impulse.
He is skilled in handicraft.
A great relationship is based on two main principles. First, appreciate your similarities and second, respect your differences.
Students don't always learn effectively without constant supervision.
You can avoid stomach ailments by drinking purified water and always washing your hands before eating.
I'm a bit worried because there is a constant banging noise coming from under the bonnet of my car.
There are many, many nuances in any language which are perfectly natural to the native speaker but which confuse the non-native speaker.
One way to lower the number of errors in the Tatoeba Corpus would be to encourage people to only translate into their native languages instead of the other way around.
I'm afraid going into their yard will put me in jeopardy.
You're going to run out of provisions before you get there.
If I borrow the money, I feel like I'll lose my autonomy.
I'm delivering my portfolio later today.
I've told you a million times not to exaggerate.
Most reasonable people would understand that the government had no choice but to make the decision that it did.
Once at the summit enjoy the vista, then on the descent reap the benefits of your hard work.
The nuances of a language may seem arbitrary to someone learning the language, but to a native speaker, they make perfect sense.
She would not trust me with her secret.
You can get this medicine without a prescription.
He continued singing.
Is he correct?
I think he's correct.
The chances of that ever happening are so small.
He's good at swimming.
He was giving a speech.
He heard the sound.
From time to time, he looked outside to see if it was still snowing.
That was not my understanding.
That's not unreasonable, is it?
It doesn't have to be that way.
This is a hearing, not a trial.
Thank you for not saying anything.
That's not the worst-case scenario.
Wait a minute. Something's not right.
That's interesting, but not important.
He was very gifted and talented.
I think when death closes our eyes, we plunge into such powerful beams that in comparison with them, even the sunlight seems like a shadow.
Maybe it's better that we don't know.
That's statistically unlikely, but not impossible.
The room was lit by a single candle.
Stand by for my orders.
Stand by for my signal.
Do you, by any chance, speak French?
Can't you see that we're speaking?
I don't waste time.
Over million Australians communicate in a language other than English.
In any moment of decision, the best thing you can do is the right thing, the next best thing is the wrong thing, and the worst thing you can do is nothing.
Mary doesn't waste time.
I'm also a Jew.
The meeting continued late into the night.
There is the possibility of what he said being true.
Police arrested the kidnapper.
If you don't lie you don't sell.
My grandfather's photograph is on the wall.
His antisocial behavior isolated him.
Nevertheless, I believe that these claims are not justified.
Even if I were a dwarf, I would still be a giant.
Why did he quit smoking?
This island is a paradise for children.
We took a walk in a beautiful green valley.
Today, our teacher told us that those who smoke will never grow up. In order to prove it, she shot a seventh-grader named Petya.
Yesterday I came here.
I don't want to listen to your whining anymore.
They carried out a new chemistry experiment.
No, a carrot is not important enough to need an exclamation mark after it.
In fact, it's a mistake.
The storm is dangerous.
What a scoundrel you are!
We were all present at the conference.
Unwittingly he told her all that she wanted to know.
I'm very sorry I got home so late.
He likes to sing.
He likes singing.
He ran as fast as his limbs could carry him.
That's the way Tom is. You can't do anything about it.
"Dear, where have you been?" "I've been running." "But your T-shirt is dry and doesn't smell at all."
In short, all died out.
I want to say: "Thanks for the trip to Afghanistan and for my prosthesis!"
Can you see the gopher? No? Neither can I. But he's here!
I feel like some important idea always slips away from me, and I can't catch it.
It's pointless. However much we try, we won't succeed. Now admit it.
I'm asking for your advice: what should we do in this situation?
So where's the mistake you've been harping on for so long?
Be listen for a while, you've just dinned your revelations into my ears!
"Professor, what's happened?" - "Guys, my orange was trying to seize the world with his black... moustache!" - "You're crazy, right?" - "Right."
Don't treat me like a fool!
In your situation, I'd be more polite. Who knows what might happen...
Do you think I don't understand what your plan consists of?
Don't look at me, don't stare at me, demon, don't stare, I can't bear it!
It makes me sick to listen to you.
No, it's not necessary.
"Tom, what's the probability that you'll meet a dinosaur out on the street tomorrow?" - "50%" - "How so?" - "Well, I'll either meet him or I won't."
Tom hasn't mentioned you.
It's quite evident that you really love Russian.
There's no need to ask. You know it anyway.
"Will we call each other by name?" "I think we will."
"You don't mind, do you?" "Of course I don't."
"Buy the elephant!" - "What elephant?" - "Everybody says 'what elephant', but you buy the elephant!"
I've taught my parrot to speak Welsh.
Everything has to be paid for.
"I see it makes you laugh, Tom?" - "Alas, Mary. It could be really funny if it weren't so sad."
Promises won't butter any bread.
I'm tired of work. I want to have lunch.
What a fatty you are, Tom.
Don't talk rot, Tom.
Don't get on my nerves!
My experience shows that Esperanto lets you find a new insight into many cultures formerly unknown to you, inspiring you to learn them further.
That's a trifle.
Police are seeking witnesses to a road rage incident at the weekend, in which a man had his windscreen smashed by a woman wielding a baseball bat.
He was wondering the same thing.
I'm desperate, I don't know what to do.
There's a huge difference between "making oneself understood" and "completely mastering English."
Tell your friends about Tatoeba.
Easy to plan, hard to realize.
I warn you against doing that again, or you'll be fined.
Warts are ugly but harmless.
I just want to be a normal person.
Tom will always love you.
The countdown has started.
I think they really like Tom.
I think they really like you.
I think she really likes Tom.
I think he really likes Tom.
Please turn off your cellphone.
Really? That's so interesting.
Smile for the camera.
There is some evidence that taking several fish oil capsules per day could have beneficial effects on one's heart and blood pressure.
Jesus turned water into wine.
It’s fate.
The light that casts away the darkness also creates shadows.
A single person produces more meat than I expected.
It seems they've always been petting each other in that desirous way.
Will there be a sequential translation into other languages?
Will there be a simultaneous translation into other languages?
Who wants to ask a question?
I'd like to ask the speakers to be brief.
This point will be discussed tomorrow.
The typhoon last week was extremely deadly.
I'm afraid we must break off the discussion.
He'll take an afternoon nap.
What syrup did you drizzle on your pancake?
The discussion will be continued tomorrow morning.
The monkey is climbing a tall tree.
Her boyfriend looks like a monkey.
Let me direct that question to Dr. Tom.
With this I close the discussion.
Let's first discuss Dr. Tom's report.
Please, speak a little louder.
Let me open this discussion.
I will find a job in China.
Please speak into the microphone.
I give the floor to Dr. Tom.
I don't need to talk to him.
It's great that you like to be good, to grow, to evolve; however, doing it at the cost of others or undervaluing his or her work is unforgivable. Who commits it is, in fact, in decadence rather than ascension.
Countless people wait their turn in front of the butcher's.
Hawaiian and Tahitian languages are similar.
In Portuguese, "lalau" is synonymous with thief.
What's to be done next?
Her birthday is May 5th.
She isn't a diligent student.
Thou hast ravished my heart with one of thine eyes, with one chain of thy neck.
Thou hast wounded my heart with one of thy eyes, and with one hair of thy neck.
This book is mine, but the one on the table is yours.
Honey and milk are under thy tongue.
Let my beloved come into his garden, and eat the fruit of his apple trees.
Let my beloved come into his garden, and eat his pleasant fruits.
Surprisingly enough, Markku turned out to be a thief.
Liisa isn't really sick; she's only putting it on.
My beloved is white and ruddy, the chiefest among ten thousand.
It was very interesting talking to you.
My beloved is white and ruddy, chosen out of thousands.
It was nice seeing you.
The day is cold.
The fire is hot.
I'm glad we came to an understanding.
May I thank you and say good-bye?
It was very enjoyable.
Thank you sincerely for the luxurious present.
Give my best regards to your family.
By the by, that would be fine.
Yes, of course, you are right.
I can't hear you properly. Please speak more slowly.
Please help yourself. Enjoy your meal!
Iron is the most widely used metal.
I want to leave this city and never come back.
I want to invite you to dinner.
You should've begun an hour and a half ago.
That's O.K. with me.
Does it suit you?
Despite being of different quality, this orange is as good as that one.
How do you like Kazan?
As a teacher, I hate having to get my students' attention.
While travelling on the train, I stuck my head out the window, and my cap flew off.
After two years of wandering in the sea, nobody expected them to get back.
This city was beautiful in its time.
The patient seemed to be healthy.
How many phone numbers has she got?
We have a water outage.
We have no water.
The faster, the better!
I heard a strange noise.
She doesn't say hello to her neighbours.
"Where are my glasses?" "You've left them on the kitchen table."
Please stop it!
The earlier I go to bed, the earlier I get up.
Let's take a little break.
When I saw the two of them on a date, I asked them: "Are you going to marry?"
My aunt thinks it's too early to go bargain hunting.
I think that went really well.
You're not my mom.
Stop telling me what to do. You're not my mom.
Do you know the name of this game?
Thank you to all the veterans who have served this country.
She is lazy.
An unexpected winter chill has returned to our region.
His kingdom is your hell.
They credited the entire excursion I went on in Cuba because we did not get part of what we paid for.
They were encouraged not to let their cattle roam freely.
It's too early to really tell.
Our cousin had twins.
That would be a beautiful blessing.
I've always wanted to read that book.
Fill the pot with water.
Add salt and baking soda to the water.
Healthy food is essential for a healthy body and a healthy mind, and as a result, promotes maximum efficiency.
This book includes a variety of foods and their important facts related to health.
His belly is as bright ivory overlaid with sapphires.
His belly as of ivory, set with sapphires.
I'd like to speak to Dr. Schmidt.
What are you doing, you fool!
Thanks a lot for all the things you've done for me.
One lives and learns.
I'm often told that I'm hard to approach.
I didn't listen to the news yesterday.
I usually read on the verandah.
I hardly speak French, but I can say things like "bonjour" and "merci".
For some reason I can be honest with Tom.
For some reason I can be honest with you, Tom.
For some reason I can speak my true feelings with you, Tom.
What should I write about today?
What will I write about today?
This is the first time I've written anything in Arabic.
I have already learned to write the Abjad.
The government is being urged to take a proactive approach to reducing carbon emissions.
Herds of horses and cattle roamed at will over the plain.
Is the exam over? How did it go?
The holiday did me the world of good.
I lent him some money, but he hasn't paid it back yet.
Do you think she'll still take me for a lap around the racetrack?
The honeycomb structure gives the scaffolding its sturdiness.
I wish the tower hadn't been under construction when we visited it.
The wooden blocks toppled over when your kid blew on them.
How many degrees are you planning on earning?
My mom brought home the weirdest-shaped squash today.
I heard he was terrible at remembering sequences of numbers.
It won’t be you that ruins our relationship.
He had already edited it by the time it came across my desk.
I’m deathly afraid of turning left onto that street.
I’m always nervous on airplanes because I can never seem to get the seatbelt latched.
The speaker was ambiguous as to how much firewood we actually had to bring.
How exactly do they hollow out and then dry the gourd?
The battery store is kiddie corner from the mall.
I never really thought about this until now, but the lane markers on the freeway are surprisingly long.
I just came back from replacing the TV; it was acting really finicky.
Two frogs are sitting on the bank, when it starts to rain. One of them says, "Quick, get in the water so we don't get wet."
Don't you know how much sugar that biscuit has?
She doesn't have any problem in life.
The temperature is virtually fifty degrees below zero.
Even though I knew that the chances are small, I never gave up.
I am afraid of escalators.
Give thanks to the Lord for the blessing of life.
Lipids are organic compounds.
Love others as you love yourself!
She is quick at figures.
Low-density lipoprotein is bad for your health.
In chemistry, can nitrogen form a single bond?
Hydrogen bonds have something to do with the high boiling point of water.
What's the freezing point of water?
The egg won't cook in warm water.
Amines are nitrogenous compounds.
I don't understand why DNA is fascinating.
I saw a video of a man who can fry chicken without using tongs.
The element phosphorus is present in our DNA.
Who is the father of modern chemistry?
Democracy is such a fad!
What is RNA?
She sees herself as the center of the universe.
We appreciate her talent.
I can't understand if I'm afraid or happy to go!
Do you know what will happen?
How's everyone doing?
How's this possible?
French is definitely not a difficult language.
What did I say yesterday?
Both Greece and Croatia are amazing!
It's difficult to find another job.
What was the first concert you went to?
The man I spoke to on the telephone was unclear as to how much firewood we actually needed to bring.
His legs are as pillars of marble, set upon sockets of fine gold.
Does this even make sense?
I sucked my finger.
She has a good heart.
He has a good heart.
We are made to make mistakes.
Elections are the biggest illusion of freedom.
Whither is thy beloved gone, O thou fairest among women? whither is thy beloved turned aside? that we may seek him with thee.
I don't think he'll listen to you.
What caused such a great rebellion?
Your eyes bother me, so don't look at me.
Turn away thine eyes from me, for they have overcome me.
Every nunnery has its own rules.
When I was 84, I dreamt about a fleeting love.
Vacation? What's that?
I think we both know the answer to that.
The music was composed by a famous composer.
He's different from how I imagined him.
Don't get any funny ideas.
He came back home before eight.
This pipe is carved from meerschaum.
Mary gave Tom a pipe for his birthday.
This smoking pipe is made from briar root.
Sherlock Holmes is smoking from a calabash pipe.
That's something I can't tell you.
How many phones does she own?
The thief vanished.
Where can I meet Tom?
Tom carved his own smoking pipe.
Tom likes carving pipes.
Tom carved a pipe for Mary, but she doesn't smoke.
Tom! Are you all right?
They're everywhere!
Pipe cleaners are used for cleaning pipes.
He said yes.
We eat every evening at six.
You don't need to get excited about it.
Everyone loves their father.
Everyone loves the father.
She moved to Paris in 1906.
I'll spend a few days with you.
I'll spend a few days at your place.
I hope I'll have the courage to speak about my feelings.
That may have just been my imagination.
This sentence is not in Polish.
Khaw San is on medical leave, so I am alone in the office.
I am fasting today.
Tom might talk.
I was busily typing for the whole morning.
The bus was delayed for ten minutes.
The conference will be held in a specially selected church.
He worries excessively on the eve of exams.
I will be at the meeting.
I need help from several people.
Do you study at a private school?
Tom always has trouble sleeping the night before a big exam.
Other than Sundays, I work every day.
International rescue teams are at the ready to fly to Japan.
Do you really think that I will simply watch you walk into trouble? I'd close my eyes.
My room is a pigsty.
That student knows some English.
My credit card was stolen on the subway.
Please don't speak English when I am around, OK?
Problems that can be solved with money are not real problems.
Quitting smoking is easy, quitting you is too hard.
You can't please everybody, because not everyone is human.
Optimists see opportunities in disasters while pessimists find disasters in every opportunity.
Don't fear being put upon. Fear instead being unable to help.
The boldo tea is very bitter to me.
Tell a beautiful story to my two young friends.
Precision is important in math.
There is a call for you.
I live alone in this house.
He can't come because he's ill.
Every morning I eat a bowl of oatmeal.
Whenever the boss is around, he plays at being busy.
Just joshing.
I turned 16.
No smoking in the theater.
She is always afraid of being a klutz when going to parties.
I have many friends from Recife.
This car consumes a lot of fuel.
The pen is on the desk.
He's always trading.
May I go now?
My camera was stolen on the train.
Let's drink and sing with joy.
Of the five wives he had, three were unfaithful.
Soon you will be speaking Portuguese.
He never gives in to what I say.
If you go, they'll go too.
Time erases many memories.
He was jailed for offering money to the police.
We heard the speech to the end.
Don't eat inside the laboratory.
Don't bring any food inside the laboratory.
I'm going to take a shower because I stink.
Please let me know if you need anything.
You have become a great man!
I know that feeling all too well.
Her suggestion is worth considering.
He stood all by himself.
He stood by himself.
Tom's suggestion is worth considering.
We should at least consider Tom's suggestion.
I think Tom's suggestion is a good one.
I don't know anything about Boston.
Who is she that looketh forth as the morning, fair as the moon, clear as the sun?
This thy stature is like to a palm tree, and thy breasts to clusters of grapes.
What's Mary's boyfriend's name?
Obviously, Tom isn't Mary's type.
Does Tom have health insurance?
Does Tom have insurance?
Does Tom have fire insurance?
Shouldn't Tom be in jail?
I'm afraid I'm not familiar with that expression.
Is that a request or an order?
If these drugs are stopped abruptly, then some withdrawal symptoms may occur.
From the moment Mary became the boss, she made herself very unpopular with her subordinates.
You're not old enough to drink.
I can't imagine living in a world without electricity.
I said, I will go up to the palm tree, I will take hold of the boughs thereof.
He was poor, so he couldn't go to college.
I am my beloved's, and his desire is toward me.
Come, my beloved, let us go forth into the field; let us lodge in the villages.
There will I give thee my love.
The time has come when I will make myself more manifest in the church, through increasingly greater signs.
I raised thee up under the apple tree.
Set me as a seal upon thine heart, as a seal upon thine arm: for love is strong as death.
Tom, you're so cheap!
What text editor do you use?
"If you keep eating just beef, you'll turn into a cow!" "No way!"
There are trees, one every meters around the lake. What is the circumference of the lake in meters?
Tom is incredibly bad at drawing.
Nothing beats having a beer after getting out of the tub.
My interest is people watching.
Is Haruki Murakami popular in Vietnam as well?
Tom got worried when he learnt about the medicine's side effects.
Many waters cannot quench love, neither can the floods drown it.
My son, hear the instruction of thy father, and forsake not the law of thy mother.
Tom's mind was divided into ten different personalities, who alternately took control. They all knew each other and considered themselves different individuals.
Little Tom locked himself in the bathroom and couldn't open the door.
She took advantage of his kindness.
He took advantage of her kindness.
Why didn't anyone say anything?
I thought it was funny.
Tom took some alcohol from the bottle and replaced it with water.
Tom stole some alcohol from his parents and thought that they wouldn't notice.
I like macadamia nuts.
Mary likes helping others.
I wish we had told him to come as well.
He didn't seem to understand what you were saying.
Tom is a heavy tea drinker.
Tom's health has always been a worry to his wife.
Mary wants to become a vet because she loves animals.
I have never heard of Tatoeba.
He was expected to make a decision.
Limited research suggests that listening to music can benefit people who have Alzheimer's disease in various ways.
There's no need to worry just because he's late.
I'm not a freak!
Andy Warhol was a very famous American artist.
I don't manufacture your computers.
I need more cover.
I don't exterminate your rats.
I don't make their children cry.
I wasn't the one who made Tom cry.
Please keep an eye on my equipment.
I don't peel their fruits.
I don't manage their company.
I don't waste their money.
School is closed for summer vacation.
I'm not removing the paint from your door.
I'm not disconnecting your computers.
I'm not dancing for you.
I'm not sowing your wheat.
I'm not taking advantage of their garden.
I'm not taking advantage of your orchard.
I'm not working your land.
I'm not picking their olives.
I'm not covering their pool.
I'm not forcing them.
I'm not contradicting what their children say.
I don't like them.
I'm not correcting your exercises.
I'm not copying your homework.
I'm not freezing your food.
I'm not counting your money.
I'm not commenting on your article.
The address you're looking for is very near the city hall.
There are at least students here.
Would your name be Tom, by any chance?
Why is the police here?
I'm a big fan of Tom.
Sadly, "sadfully" is not a word.
That's actually pretty sad.
Do we need to wait for him?
Do we need to wait for Tom?
I'm thankful to be alive.
I just feel so lost.
In the meantime I've come to understand that this is not such an easy question.
The bus was late by ten minutes.
Do you go to a private school?
Whenever the boss is around, he pretends to be busy.
Two days later, Tom was dead.
I think he's handsome.
This is not fun.
There are six fish inside the tin can.
I took one class, but I've found that real-life experience is much more useful.
I can't stand him holding forth about his life experience.
Life experience is the chief body of knowledge.
The elderly women can identify with her life experience.
Experience Life is a journey in which one often faces lot of hardships.
What Tom did was illegal.
What did Tom say he needed?
What did Tom say he wanted?
What did Tom say he was looking for?
What did Tom say he lost?
Do you know who invented gunpowder?
The calves and the colts were like children to him.
Whoever reads that is silly.
I think the death penalty is not a very effective way of trying to curb crimes.
The police found Tom's fingerprint on the trigger.
Gold is more expensive than lead.
The station is meters from here.
Here's what you wanted.
This is what you wanted.
Is that what you meant?
This is what you have to do.
Isn't that what you expected?
Just what are you insinuating?
My appointment at the hospital completely slipped my mind. Why didn't you remind me?
I shouldn't even care.
I believe Tom knows.
Sleep well. I hope you dream about angels.
I'm not heating your house.
A wise son maketh a glad father: but a foolish son is the heaviness of his mother.
Ask Tom what he's doing tonight.
Are you Mary's husband?
Do you have what we need?
Can you do it or not?
Finish what you started.
Is that what you think, too?
Isn't that what you were hoping for?
Isn't that what you wanted?
Tell us what happened.
Tell us what you saw.
He becometh poor that dealeth with a slack hand: but the hand of the diligent maketh rich.
What ship did he arrive on?
What ship did she arrive on?
What ship did you arrive on?
Hatred stirreth up strifes: but love covereth all sins.
He is the physician I talked about yesterday.
Your encouraging words are very valuable to me.
We soon sold all merchandise.
He's doing very well today.
She's doing very well today.
The labour of the righteous tendeth to life: the fruit of the wicked to sin.
He gave some milk to the cat.
Two thousand pupils attend school.
This first class wine puts meat on your bones and thickens your blood.
I like getting out of the office once in a while.
I propose that something should be done.
She's getting older.
Global warming since has occurred more than twice as fast as previously estimated.
Mom also has a "heart", her physique isn't a "machine" either, mom wants to rest, but she is afraid that her dear children won't have enough to eat.
Do you have an innovative idea?
I was a prison warden for ten years.
They met in autumn, got engaged in spring, and had a beach wedding in early summer.
This steak is very juicy.
I dug a huge pit with my shovel in just one day.
There's nothing like a glass of natural, freshly squeezed juice.
That boy is a constant source of worry to his mother.
Have you got an anger management problem?
Do you have an anger management problem?
I missed you for all this time.
You lie like a rug.
I have to take it off.
Someone who doesn't drink in company is either a thief or a spy.
All the doctors say that I shouldn't drink coffee, but, despite that, I do have a bit now and then when I'm in good company.
I felt that he could teach me to read.
The wise one knows what he says; the foolish one says what he knows.
That isn't what happened.
That's not what happened.
Tell us what that is.
That's not what I've heard.
That's not what we had in mind.
Arabic isn't a difficult language.
I hate the laws.
I don't want to say that to my friend.
She doesn't know who's being discussed.
It's a mixture of culture, language, and religion.
His nephew lives in America.
Have you ever loved somebody so much that it made you cry?
Shall we speak Swiss German together?
Yes, I have smoked crack cocaine.
Toronto mayor Rob Ford admitted to having smoked crack.
That's not what we want.
That's not what you said.
That's what everyone's saying.
What were you doing by the docks?
If it wasn't a mouse, what was it?
If that wasn't Tom, who was it?
The only important things in life are love and work.
She's a much better pianist than me.
I'm not happy about your results. That's what I wanted to tell you.
Thank you with all my heart.
Your brother is the best in our school.
This is how you get results.
He's known all over the world.
Maria was about a hundred years old.
You need to teach him a lesson.
We wear shirts of cotton or silk.
We had a great time last night.
We can keep playing as long as we don't make noise.
You're probably right again.
He believes in life after death.
Tell us what you think.
Who are you and what do you want?
The young lady in the baker's shop is beautiful.
What are you doing for dinner?
Isn't that what we anticipated?
Tom wanted a bigger discount.
Smoking is not allowed here. Please feed your cancer outside!
Thank you for your offer of overnight accommodation, but I won't take you up on it.
What do you call a woman who works like a man? A lazy woman.
I can see much better with these glasses.
The works of art crossed the ocean to be exhibited here in Brazil.
I'm very forgetful.
They lived a couple of years in Spain.
A devastating typhoon has struck the Philippines.
Is modern society suffering from sleep deprivation?
Is that what you're suggesting?
It wasn't what we wanted.
That's what they were planning.
What are your plans for today?
Wasn't that what you intended?
This wasn't what we planned.
What are we doing today?
We did everything we could.
You play golf? What's your handicap?
We have a Japanese elm in our garden which always looks particularly gorgeous in autumn.
What's the plan for today?
What's on the schedule for today?
Hello, my friend! I haven't seen you for such a long time!
His recurrent nightmare involved a tsunami.
I'm seriously thinking of selling my house.
I have good hands.
This one was written just for you!
What is tastier when freezer-burned?
I'm still thinking about the riddle.
That's so inaccurate.
You know you want it!
I'm solving a puzzle.
What city are you in?
Let me eat breakfast first and I will post a video.
Good night, Tom!
It took Tom hours to read a pages book. It took Mary hours to read a pages book. Who is faster at reading books?
Tom is years older than Mary, and next year he will be twice as old as Mary. How old are they now?
Google Translate can't translate phrases or give definitions of individual words.
What is lurking in the shadows?
Who is lurking in the shadows?
He wasn't there.
She wasn't there.
We weren't there.
Mary wasn't there.
You believed Tom, didn't you?
He believed Tom.
Ken believed Tom.
She believed Tom.
Mary believed Tom.
We believed Tom.
I wanted a bigger discount.
You wanted a bigger discount, didn't you?
He wanted a bigger discount.
She wanted a bigger discount.
Mary wanted a bigger discount.
We wanted a bigger discount.
They wanted a bigger discount.
He called you.
She called you.
Mary called you.
We called you.
Can I ask for a clarification?
Can I ask for an explanation?
I fired Mary.
Can I ask for an illumination?
Can I ask for an elucidation?
You fired Mary, didn't you?
He fired Mary.
She fired Mary.
Lucy fired Mary.
We fired Mary.
They fired Mary.
I found Mary.
You found Mary, didn't you?
He found Mary.
She found Mary.
Lucy found Mary.
We found Mary.
They found Mary.
I know guns.
You know guns, don't you?
He knows guns.
She knows guns.
Mary knows guns.
We know guns.
They know guns.
This Wednesday I'll see Carla.
I'm enjoying the process.
He knows that.
Mary knows that.
You like jazz, don't you?
He likes jazz.
She likes jazz.
Mary likes jazz.
We like jazz.
They like jazz.
I like Mary.
You like Mary, don't you?
He likes Mary.
She likes Mary.
Lucy likes Mary.
We like Mary.
They like Mary.
I lost count.
You lost count, didn't you?
He lost count.
She lost count.
Mary lost count.
We lost count.
They lost count.
I loved Mary.
You loved Mary, didn't you?
He loved Mary.
She loved Mary.
We loved Mary.
They loved Mary.
I misled you.
He misled you.
She misled you.
Mary misled you.
We misled you.
They misled you.
I haven't seen him.
He needed you.
Is anyone going tomorrow?
She needed you.
Mary needed you.
We needed you.
They needed you.
Did you guys quit making music?
What do you think it is?
She tends not to show her feelings.
She's not in the habit of showing her feelings.
Tom kissed my cousin.
I saw someone longboarding with a wine bottle in one hand.
Tom kissed his cousin.
I think over what went wrong.
I cheated on my boyfriend.
Many phrases that I think sound fine are considered unnatural by native speakers.
I only buy fresh vegetables, not frozen.
He lowered his head and began crying.
Clams, mussels and oysters have shells.
Sometimes, I buy frozen vegetables.
The Hebrews are Israelis, since they come from Israel.
What are you after?
What are you contemplating?
What are your qualifications?
What have you observed?
What did you do wrong?
Atherosclerosis reduces the inner diameter of arteries.
What's your schedule like tomorrow?
What were you doing in my house?
Cheerleading tryouts are tomorrow.
They put a spoke in his wheel.
Do you want to go have a meal together later?
She's a bus driver.
We did what we had to do.
It was marvellous to meet you.
Ask whatever you want.
Ask whatever you want to.
Ask whatever you want to ask.
I was stuck.
OMG! I didn't know that!
Omigod! I didn't know that!
Take whatever you need.
I'd like to talk to you a little.
Wear whatever you want.
Wear whatever you want to wear.
Spend whatever you need.
Spend whatever you need to spend.
Give Tom whatever he wants.
Give Tom whatever it is he wants.
Whatever you decide, is fine with me.
Can we go now?
May we go now?
Can we go home?
May we go home?
My great-grandfather was a gang leader.
"You're very welcome," replied the steward.
I have to earn some money so that I can afford a computer.
Did it go well?
Did the concert go well?
Did the meeting go well?
Did the interview go well?
Can't we go now?
Let go of them.
Let them go now.
Let's go for it.
Believe what you want.
Now go have fun.
Now go to sleep.
Just go to sleep.
Let go of my arms.
Let go of my hair.
Let go of my hand.
Let's go to lunch.
Should we go back?
Should we go help?
You've omitted the preposition in this sentence.
We found a corpse in the ruins.
It can't be worse than now.
Savages fear the appearance of a fierce wild beast.
I bought this dictionary, too.
I opened his shaggy safe with my leather key.
Can we go upstairs?
Should we go inside?
He often changes his mind.
Let's go to the mall.
Let's go in my office.
Where did we go wrong?
One of us has to go.
Do you want to go for a drive?
I've smoked a tear in my lung.
Is that your daily routine now?
Why did you go to Boston?
Can't you go by yourself?
Did you go to the police?
I gave him a ride on my hairy motor-scooter.
You should apologize to her for coming late.
I don't know who invented the dictionary. Was it a Sumerian? Was it a Chinese? I know one thing though, the dictionary is a wonderful invention.
Not everyone is ready to take responsibility and expose himself to the risk of making mistakes.
Somebody has to go first.
Did you go to college?
Do you really want to leave London not having visited the National Gallery?
Why didn't you go with Tom?
Somebody has to go for help.
Where does Tom go to school?
Why don't we go for a drive?
Why didn't you go to Boston?
Why didn't you go to school?
Did you go anywhere last night?
Why didn't you go to the police?
Nobody goes in there.
Are you going in?
Are we going home?
I'm going with you.
Are you going home?
It's going to hurt.
It's going to work.
Work is going well.
Are we going to eat?
Are you going along?
Are you going to go?
Is it going to hurt?
Drink driving is a surefire way to get into trouble with the police.
One surefire way for money to provide happiness appears to be to spend it on other people.
Days turned into weeks, weeks turned into months and, before we knew it, another year had passed.
If you keep spending money like that, you'll be broke before you know it.
What we are seeing now is a country teetering on the brink of civil war.
Because of his maladministration, his company was teetering on the edge of bankruptcy.
Do you really think it's appropriate to put a sentence like that on Tatoeba?
Words must be arranged in the proper sequence and the rules of grammar must be followed for a sentence to be accepted as a natural-sounding sentence.
Our friends will be going back to their hotel soon. We should get going, so we can visit them.
That envelope is a little too big, but it will be good. Better too big than too small, right?
Tom and Mary aren't related.
When did you say Tom was getting here?
Pack what you need.
How are we going to do it?
It isn't going to be easy.
When are we going to land?
I thought it was really cute.
It's nice to meet you too.
Should I take the shortcut through the woods today?
It's astonishing how fluently Bill spoke Japanese.
Can't you go faster?
Can't we go with Tom?
Let go of me, please.
Shouldn't Tom go first?
May I have permission to go inside?
What are we celebrating?
That doesn't mean that the danger has passed.
That I cannot imagine.
I can't imagine that happening.
He tried his best not to get wet.
Hopefully you won't lie to me any more.
Is Tom going to jail?
That's what they said on television.
That's what this is about, isn't it?
Are you ready to go home?
Do you want to go again?
It's not what it seems.
It's not what we expected.
Just what were you planning?
Is Tom doing better?
It was Tom's fault, you know.
Tell Tom what happened.
That wasn't what Tom meant.
Are you going to the class reunion?
C'mon, let's go!
My younger sister didn't say "hello."
My cousin is a journalist.
He doesn't know the name of the chemical element Yb.
I'm one-eyed.
How much is this clock?
Are you paying too much for your car insurance?
Hello. May I speak to Mr. Johnson, please?
Roosters can crow but it's the hens who lay the eggs.
I'll take it home with me.
How many men does it take to replace an empty toilet roll? No one knows, it's never happened.
Who do you think is cuter, Mary or Alice?
Say "aah."
Stick out your tongue and say "aah."
This is an outright lie!
He tried in vain to quit smoking.
I'd do anything for you, Tom.
What are our plans for today?
This I didn't say.
I don't regret what I've done.
Nevertheless, she took off her coat and seemed ready for a short conversation.
Here is another quote from Luis Fernando Verissimo: "Never be afraid of trying something new. Remember that a single layman constructed the ark, and a large group of professionals built the Titanic."
We will make the difference.
We'll make the difference.
Try harder.
My nape hurts.
Two adult tickets and three children's tickets to London, please.
Tom was the last person I expected to see.
Tell me the reason why Tom was fired.
Tom was anxious to meet you.
I got to know Tom when I was a college student.
I got to know Tom when I was a university student.
Tom's behavior never ceases to surprise me.
You don't have to pay attention to what Tom says.
I don't know anything about Tom's past.
Please tell me why Tom was fired.
Tom hasn't had much education.
Tom never drinks alcohol.
Tom always treats me like a child.
Tom is always daydreaming.
Tom ironed his pants.
Tom is the tallest in the class.
Tom went shopping at a department store.
Tom was welcome wherever he went.
Tom plays the piano very well.
Tom was good at playing the violin.
Tom was good at violin.
Tom was reading a newspaper in his pajamas.
Tom sat on the bench and crossed his legs.
Tom took a lot of pictures in Boston.
Tom lived in the center of Boston.
Tom lives alone in an apartment.
Tom was attracted to Mary.
Tom seldom breaks his promise.
Tom hardly ever breaks a promise.
Tom lost the sight in one of his eyes in a traffic accident.
Tom is used to speaking in public.
Tom is studying in the library now.
Tom is now studying in the library.
As soon as Tom finished work, he went home.
Tom was sick of his job.
Tom is always joking.
Tom is wearing thick glasses.
Tom explained the matter in detail.
Tom lives in a large house by himself.
Tom majored in Japanese literature in college.
Tom grows tomatoes in his garden.
Tom left a large fortune to his son.
Tom was leaning against the rail.
Tom is pleased with his new car.
Tom likes his new car.
Tom made up his mind to be a firefighter.
Tom decided to be a firefighter.
Tom uses the same dictionary as I do.
Tom blamed the teacher for his failure.
Tom isn't interested in art at all.
Tom believes in the supernatural.
Tom had his socks on inside out.
Tom attended high school for three years without missing a single day or ever being late.
Tom drew two squares on the blackboard.
Tom is accustomed to speaking in public.
I don't want to.
How many bags did you have?
Where's your sword?
We apologize for the mistake.
I got to know Tom when I was in college.
I don't lie anymore.
Sex is important to me.
The police arrested two men.
The police arrested three men.
The police arrested four men.
The police arrested two men and two women.
We're not sure if she's right.
Unfortunately, this sentence is completely incomprehensible.
You hired Tom, didn't you?
He hired Tom.
She hired Tom.
Mary hired Tom.
She has a large family to support.
A bank not too far from here got robbed yesterday.
A mugger stole my handbag.
I loved Tom.
You loved Tom, didn't you?
He loved Tom.
A pirate commits piracy.
She loved Tom.
The CIA is watching you.
The thief stole my car.
Mary loved Tom.
I forgot to set the burglar alarm.
He fled Australia.
She fled the United States.
He fled the United States.
A fine may be issued.
She fled Australia.
A prisoner escaped from the prison.
You need help, don't you?
The police arrested the murderer.
I've been found guilty.
Mary needs help.
The man suspected of murdering Tom has been arrested by the police.
Tom is now considered a senior citizen.
My husband is a senior citizen.
Emily is a teenager.
I can follow the rules.
You said that, didn't you?
Twitter suspended his account.
He said that.
Facebook closed her page.
She said that.
Mary said that.
We said that.
Emily stole my heart.
Emily told the truth.
Emily cares about her beauty.
I looked at Emily's face.
I fell in love with Emily.
Emily permitted me to live with her.
Emily permitted me to use her computer.
Emily studied some Romanian.
Emily has a sweet tooth.
Emily is watching her favourite TV programme.
Emily's staying in her elder sister's house, because her parents went to the United States for a couple of weeks.
He trusts you.
Emily's parents are working in a factory.
She trusts you.
Emily stays at home alone when her parents are in the factory.
Mary trusts you.
Emily will stay with us.
We trust you.
Emily has brown hair.
Emily has a beautiful face.
Emily needs to eat something, because she's hungry.
I've bought a gift for Emily.
Today is Emily's birthday.
Emily needs to drink something, because she's thirsty.
You will bring Tom, won't you?
Emily can't eat ground meat.
He will bring Tom.
Emily is my favourite girl.
She will bring Tom.
Ken will bring Tom.
Emily wants to go out, because she's bored.
I'd like to go out with Emily.
Mary will bring Tom.
We will bring Tom.
They will bring Tom.
Emily is learning some Turkish.
Emily lent me her Georgian textbook.
You forgave me, didn't you?
I brought the Georgian textbook back to Emily.
He forgave me.
Emily lent me her book. I'll bring it back to her later.
Emily is crying.
Emily has blonde hair.
Emily answered the question correctly.
Emily is going to her room.
Emily went to her room.
Emily is studying in her room right now, so please do not disturb her.
Emily came across an old toy.
Emily is drinking cola.
Emily has a friend named Melanie.
Melanie waved her hand.
Mary forgave me.
They forgave me.
I'm feeling sad for Melanie.
Melanie is studying right now.
She forgave me.
Melanie wants to be a mathematician.
Emily wants to be an electrician.
Melanie is a mathematician.
Melanie is a young mathematician.
Emily is studying German linguistics at her university.
Emily is learning Danish, because she and her parents are going to Denmark this summer.
Emily will recite the book.
Emily is singing a song with her beautiful voice.
Emily can compose her own songs.
Emily loves doing covers of songs.
Emily is a college student.
Emily is a university student.
Emily is a high school student.
Emily will graduate from high school in 2017.
Melanie will graduate from high school in 2018.
Emily and Melanie are close friends.
Emily is studying Turkish, because she and her parents will go to Turkey on vacation.
Emily is in love with the Greek language.
Emily goes to sleep at o'clock at night.
Emily is doing her homework.
Emily will eat something after doing her homework.
Emily prefers Coca-Cola to Pepsi.
Emily hates climbing.
I'll tell it to Emily.
Emily will tell Melanie.
Emily rejected the offer.
Emily accepted the offer.
I hugged Emily.
Emily hugged me.
Emily gave me a free hug.
The cargo was too heavy. The driver couldn't take it.
The pain was worse than he could stand.
He barfed as much as he had drunk.
I can't carry this stone.
He said there was no life on Mars.
Tom doesn't look like a scoundrel.
I got you, rascal!
The flower withered for lack of water.
He who praises everyone praises nobody.
She says that she loves flowers.
Because of the victory, he became a hero.
He told me that he'd like to become a scientist.
She broke up with me because I don't make a lot of money.
This riddle was hard to solve.
Please take some.
I got cold last night.
I'm not cleaning your vase collection for you.
I'm not making your beds.
I'm not strangling your cats.
I played golf every day during my vacation.
I'm not guaranteeing them success.
Doesn't that seem strange to you?
There you will find explanations that are more precise and reliable than the explanations I can give.
How many smoke bombs still have to be thrown until the government actually succeeds in covering up the scandal?
Doesn’t what’s-her-name have the same car?
I'm thinking about taking a staycation.
Cyan is a greenish blue color.
It was for a dead person rather than a living one that we were searching.
Because of TV, boys and girls don't want to read books.
I don't get it either.
The chocolate cake led her into temptation, though she was on a diet.
It took the police a lot of time to get to the island.
I don't know if she will come or not.
Your passport, please.
Who is the team's coach?
I lost the charger to my phone.
Let everything be forgotten!
The secret to life isn't to try and get what you want, but to be satisfied with what you get when you get something.
The secret of life isn't to try and get what you want, but to be satisfied with the things you get, when you get them.
We didn't notice our passing youth.
You can't escape from me.
The sky is clear. Lots of stars are scattered across it.
What's today's plan?
It's easy to say, but not to do.
I turned on the radio.
Today I'm pissed.
He attentively went over her exam paper.
He revised his exam paper with attention.
Tom believes in paranormal phenomena.
"Fuck!" said Tom simply, but from the heart.
Shit, you couldn't have told me earlier?
I can't use my left hand because of my cast.
"It didn't work," thought Mary, and went to call John.
I hope I haven't interrupted you.
I hope I didn't interrupt you.
Was it you who squealed to the teacher that I cheated?
They say that Liisa's summer house burned down.
How many people are at your party?
Since you sat on the stump, you should've given me a grand.
I went up the stairs and went to bed.
She wanted to show off her cleverness during class, but she failed.
He was expecting to see her before he left town.
He's bananas about cleanliness.
You go to school in order to study at university afterwards.
I feel too lazy to do my homework.
Scientists consider the invention to be important.
The horse of a hurried man is often sick, but that of a lazy man often stumbles.
Rest in peace, father!
Let the ground be wool to you, father!
He said it for the sake of a witty remark.
Show me your pockets.
When you translate, you must remember that sentences should sound natural, and that the meaning of the original sentences should be preserved as much as possible.
When two souls... two hearts are meant for each other, the distance between them turns out to be just a detail. It's all about the ability to wait.
They do everything for each other.
I haven't read a newspaper today yet.
Would you kindly calm him down?
"This story seems familiar." – "It's your own. Tom translated it into Esperanto."
They hung their coats behind the door.
Nobility is no guarantee of wisdom.
Your body needs you to slow down to a more moderate lifestyle.
My English is not good.
I want to speak English.
I'm going to study French with a friend of mine.
It's incorrect.
It's correct, and it's incorrect.
Not knowing anything is not your problem.
My English is incorrect.
My English is bad.
I'm going to go to the United States on vacation.
I'm going to go to the United Kingdom to see my parents.
Emily wants to work in a major company.
Emily bought a packet of crisps.
I was startled beyond speech.
You were scared.
I like looking for and collecting postage stamps.
Next Sunday I'll go to a zoo.
I've never been to Africa.
Emily is staying in Melanie's house.
Melanie's parents permitted Emily to stay in their house.
Yes, this title is to be quoted.
I know that someone has informed Tom about Mary's death. But why is it me who has to be that "someone"?
I would like to buy a dog.
This discovery was made accidentally.
It was insanely hot inside the bus.
He wishes he hadn't done it.
When are you planning to begin?
Today is your daughter's birthday.
Today is this boy's birthday.
Could I please have a little bit more milk for my tea?
I've just learned a new song in a foreign language.
We parked our car in a free parking lot.
You want that, don't you?
He wants that.
She wants that.
Mary wants that.
We want that.
They want that.
You brought yours, didn't you?
He brought his.
Tom brought his.
She brought hers.
Mary brought hers.
We brought ours.
They brought theirs.
Something worries me.
You corrected it, didn't you?
He corrected it.
Tom corrected it.
She corrected it.
Mary corrected it.
We corrected it.
They corrected it.
You decorated it, didn't you?
He decorated it.
Bacterias have the DNA as genetic material.
Tom decorated it.
She decorated it.
Mary decorated it.
We decorated it.
They decorated it.
Suddenly we heard the shrill meow of a cat.
He deserves this.
Tom deserves this.
She deserves this.
Mary deserves this.
We deserve this.
They deserve this.
You enjoy movies, don't you?
A bird flew high up in the sky.
He enjoys movies.
Tom enjoys movies.
She enjoys movies.
Mary enjoys movies.
We enjoy movies.
They enjoy movies.
He guarantees it.
You guarantee it, don't you?
Tom guarantees it.
She guarantees it.
Mary guarantees it.
We guarantee it.
They guarantee it.
You can smell the chocolate from outside!
You hate insects, don't you?
He hates insects.
Tom hates insects.
Nothing hinders what you overcome.
She hates insects.
We hate insects.
They hate insects.
Don't let it end.
You like seafood, don't you?
He likes seafood.
Tom likes seafood.
She likes seafood.
Mary likes seafood.
We like seafood.
They like seafood.
You love reading, don't you?
What's the name?
He loves reading.
Tom loves reading.
She loves reading.
Mary loves reading.
We love reading.
They love reading.
You made cookies, didn't you?
He made cookies.
Tom made cookies.
She made cookies.
Mary made cookies.
We made cookies.
They made cookies.
You need answers, don't you?
He needs answers.
Tom needs answers.
She needs answers.
Mary needs answers.
We need answers.
They need answers.
You needed money, didn't you?
He needed money.
Tom needed money.
She needed money.
Mary needed money.
We needed money.
They needed money.
You noticed that, didn't you?
He noticed that.
She noticed that.
Mary noticed that.
We noticed that.
They noticed that.
You predicted it.
He predicted it.
Tom predicted it.
She predicted it.
Mary predicted it.
We predicted it.
They predicted it.
He remembers you.
She remembers you.
Several recent outbreaks of salmonella are a cause for concern to health authorites.
Mary remembers you.
We remember you.
They remember you.
You started that, didn't you?
He started that.
How did your son get on in his first game of cricket for the school?
Tom started that.
She started that.
Mary started that.
We started that.
They started that.
You guys are awesome.
He wants answers.
She wants answers.
Mary wants answers.
They want answers.
He'll carry you.
She'll carry you.
Tom will carry you.
Mary will carry you.
We will carry you.
They will carry you.
It took her ages to get over her husband suddenly walking out on her and the children.
He was very vain and was always checking himself out in the mirror.
There was this one man in the crowd who constantly heckled the Prime Minister during his speech.
Do not drink beer before going to bed.
I learn Nahuatl at my school. I'm Mexican.
He will catch you.
Tom will catch you.
She will catch you.
Mary will catch you.
We will catch you.
They will catch you.
I will like it.
He will like it.
Tom will like it.
She will like it.
Mary will like it.
We will like it.
They will like it.
He'll make it.
She will make it.
Mary will make it.
We will make it.
They will make it.
You just saw Tom, didn't you?
He just saw Tom.
Ken just saw Tom.
She just saw Tom.
Mary just saw Tom.
We just saw Tom.
They just saw Tom.
You don't use it, do you?
He doesn't use it.
She doesn't use it.
Tom doesn't use it.
Mary doesn't use it.
We don't use it.
They don't use it.
I don't do it.
You don't do it, do you?
He doesn't do it.
Tom doesn't do it.
She doesn't do it.
Mary doesn't do it.
We don't do it.
They don't do it.
You did have fun, didn't you?
He did have fun.
Tom did have fun.
She did have fun.
Mary did have fun.
We did have fun.
They did have fun.
You did warn Tom, didn't you?
He did warn Tom.
Ken did warn Tom.
She did warn Tom.
Mary did warn Tom.
We did warn Tom.
They did warn Tom.
You do know that, don't you?
He does know that.
Tom does know that.
She does know that.
Mary does know that.
We do know that.
They do know that.
You had a stroke, didn't you?
She had a stroke.
Mary had a stroke.
We had a stroke.
They had strokes.
You have one kid, don't you?
He has one kid.
Tom has one kid.
She has one kid.
Mary has one kid.
We have one kid.
They have one kid.
You left your wife, didn't you?
You left your wives, didn't you?
Tom left his wife.
We left our wives.
They left their wives.
You lost the bet, didn't you?
He lost the bet.
She lost the bet.
Mary lost the bet.
We lost the bet.
They lost the bet.
You met Tom here, didn't you?
He met Tom here.
Ken met Tom here.
She met Tom here.
Mary met Tom here.
We met Tom here.
They met Tom here.
You miss your wife, don't you?
You miss your wives, don't you?
He misses his wife.
Tom misses his wife.
We miss our wives.
They miss their wives.
You pay Tom well, don't you?
He pays Tom well.
Ken pays Tom well.
She pays Tom well.
Mary pays Tom well.
We pay Tom well.
They pay Tom well.
You saw the news, didn't you?
Why have you opened the box?
No, you're not obliged.
The Bible tells us to love our neighbor.
Mrs. Jones teaches computer science.
That is surely an idea.
They want to know what's happening.
Every time I hear that song, I think of my childhood.
You know how to fix computers.
She has such beautiful eyes.
Nowadays it is impossible to protect oneself against weapons of mass destruction.
In spring, there are various blooming flowers.
Are there seedless watermelons?
He saw the news.
Tom saw the news.
She saw the news.
Mary saw the news.
We saw the news.
This is style!
They saw the news.
You will change it, won't you?
He will change it.
Tom will change it.
She will change it.
Mary will change it.
We will change it.
They will change it.
You will find them, won't you?
He will find them.
She will find them.
Mary will find them.
We will find them.
They will find them.
You'll get these, won't you?
He will get these.
Tom will get these.
She will get these.
Mary will get these.
We will get these.
They will get these.
He will trust you.
Tom will trust you.
She will trust you.
Mary will trust you.
We will trust you.
They will trust you.
You are feeling it, aren't you?
He is feeling it.
Tom is feeling it.
She is feeling it.
Mary is feeling it.
We are feeling it.
They are feeling it.
You're holding it, aren't you?
He is holding it.
Tom is holding it.
She is holding it.
Mary is holding it.
We are holding it.
They are holding it.
You're making tea, aren't you?
He is making tea.
Tom is making tea.
Mary is making tea.
She is making tea.
We are making tea.
They are making tea.
You're reading it, aren't you?
He is reading it.
She is reading it.
Mary is reading it.
Tom is reading it.
We are reading it.
They are reading it.
She sleeps on her stomach.
"Have you ever had genuine Hungarian goulash?" "No, but I'd really like to."
Tom wrote a book about a young man who, in the distant future, falls in love with an extraterrestrial girl, during an invasion of the earth.
Police have advised that the man who stole the bike spoke with a strong accent.
Art gives the chaos of the world an order that doesn't exist.
The serial killer was a slave to his desires.
It's time to get some sleep.
This question is very simple.
Every time I see it, I remember him.
I believe in myself.
No, I'll pay for it.
My husband is jealous.
The islanders are being slaughtered for no apparent reason.
How are you doing? It's been a long time since I've seen you.
She was the queen of the ball.
I have no younger sister.
The translators of the New Testament were considered heretics.
We are confronted with a complex situation.
Take the clothes and go wash them.
There is one significant difference.
How many times a day do you look at your reflection in the mirror?
Tom said that he wants to learn Hebrew.
French is a difficult language.
I just got here, and I don't know anyone.
I'm waiting for you in front of the door.
That gave me a lot of pleasure.
He was the perfect man for her.
He was the man of her dreams.
How does one get to the bus stop?
I sat next to his bed for more than two hours.
Nobody comforted us when we were mourning.
Spring has arrived early.
What you know about the subject is superficial, Tom.
Your knowledge of the subject is superficial, Tom.
I have fulfilled my promise.
It's grammatically correct, but native speakers wouldn't say that.
Grammatically, it's correct, but native speakers wouldn't say something like that.
Smoke enveloped him, and he suffocated.
Very many religions promise life after death.
Please give me a little more tea.
My daughter, as a child, often suffered from asthma attacks.
What makes you so displeased?
Tom was in a temper.
Tom burst into a rage.
I will stay here as my boss has ordered.
The numbers are favorable.
Can I watch television now?
I will drink some acai.
Tell it to somebody else.
As is said in the Internet, dad, only someone not fortunate enough to have seen My Little Pony, doesn't like it!
What a nice animal!
After saying bad things about her, he got a slap in the face.
The drop-dead pissed driver confessed to running somebody over.
A large ship appeared on the horizon.
I tackled making you a strong programmer, and you don't want to go to the gym?
I bade him goodbye.
How to go on without you?
He is older than he appears to be.
"Who bought it?" "I bought it."
He sleeps on an expensive mat.
It looks like it's going to rain. Remove the clothes from the line.
After receiving too many insults, Marcos finally got in a fight.
The sausage sat long on the grill, and got burned.
If you keep on complaining, I will get mad for real.
There are no cookies in the pantry. Look in the utility room.
The police used tear gas against the protesting students.
He had to learn to accept that failures were necessary milestones on the road to success.
Regular services are essential to ensure trouble-free motoring, and to prolong the life of your car.
My sister worked as a secretary before she got married.
I have a good-paying job with excellent hours.
My brother’s in the army. He was just promoted to the rank of major.
Ahm, maybe!
Rust eats iron; worries eat man.
Organic compounds are generally molecular compounds.
It can be said that Armenians are a mixture of various races.
I am not Mongolian.
That worries me so much.
He ate everything that was on his plate.
Who wants to begin?
Change the pillowcase.
There's no communication between the two countries.
The word "physics" comes from Greek, meaning nature.
What ship are you seeing?
I thought my eyes deceived me.
I don't drink soft drinks too much, because I know they're not healthy.
The fire spread very quickly.
I have a job interview tomorrow morning.
I am not stupid.
She is not beautiful.
Are you looking for more neighbors?
I asked the stationery girl if they take pictures there.
Portugal is not as close to France as Spain.
I was going to work when John saw me.
The amount payable on the electricity bill was low.
He doesn't realize what he's lost.
I miss my little sister.
He took it lightly.
An ambulance went to the scene of the accident.
I only believe in Love — ubiquitous manifestation of Divinity; supreme law governing the atoms and galaxies; sublime mystery that generates and maintains the eternal miracle of life.
What is he famous for?
I have this book.
He got off with a fine.
Did you hurt yourself?
There is not a word of truth in it.
If I am not mistaken.
Everything will be alright.
He just wants to impress us with his macho attitude and show us what a great guy he is.
The fact that I said farewell to someone in the past doesn't necessarily mean I won't greet them in the future.
You saw the file, didn't you?
He saw the file.
Tom saw the file.
She saw the file.
Mary saw the file.
We saw the file.
They saw the file.
He did warn you.
Tom did warn you.
She did warn you.
Mary did warn you.
We did warn you.
They did warn you.
You had some fun, didn't you?
He had some fun.
Tom had some fun.
She had some fun.
Mary had some fun.
We had some fun.
They had some fun.
You hate parties, don't you?
Don't miss out!
He hates parties.
Tom hates parties.
She hates parties.
Mary hates parties.
We hate parties.
They hate parties.
You have done this, haven't you?
He has done this.
Tom has done this.
She has done this.
Mary has done this.
We have done this.
They have done this.
After several months on stress leave, the manager had a graduated return to work.
You like your life, don't you?
He likes his life.
Tom likes his life.
She likes her life.
Mary likes her life.
We like our life.
They like their life.
Tom and Markku could have become friends.
You loved Boston, didn't you?
He loved Boston.
She loved Boston.
Mary loved Boston.
We loved Boston.
They loved Boston.
You need a raise, don't you?
He needs a raise.
Tom needs a raise.
She needs a raise.
Mary needs a raise.
We need a raise.
They need a raise.
You want justice, don't you?
He wants justice.
Tom wants justice.
She wants justice.
Mary wants justice.
They want justice.
You know Mary, don't you?
He knows Mary.
She knows Mary.
Lucy knows Mary.
We know Mary.
They know Mary.
You like snow, don't you?
He likes snow.
She likes snow.
Mary likes snow.
We like snow.
They like snow.
You believe Tom, don't you?
He believes Tom.
Ken believes Tom.
She believes Tom.
Mary believes Tom.
We believe Tom.
They believe Tom.
You despise Tom, don't you?
He despises Tom.
Ken despises Tom.
She despises Tom.
Mary despises Tom.
We despise Tom.
They despise Tom.
You called us, didn't you?
He called us.
She called us.
Mary called us.
They called us.
You denied it, didn't you?
How the city sits solitary, that was full of people!
Mary denied it.
We denied it.
They denied it.
You fooled me.
He fooled me.
She fooled me.
Mary fooled me.
They fooled me.
I found one.
You found one, didn't you?
He found one.
She found one.
Mary found one.
They found one.
You joined us, didn't you?
He joined us.
She joined us.
Mary joined us.
They joined us.
I know why.
He knows why.
She knows why.
Mary knows why.
They know why.
I left this.
You left this, didn't you?
He left this.
She left this.
Mary left this.
We left this.
They left this.
I looked up.
You looked up, didn't you?
He looked up.
She looked up.
Mary looked up.
They looked up.
I lost Mary.
What is it famous for?
There is not a grain of truth in it.
You lost Mary, didn't you?
He lost Mary.
She lost Mary.
Lucy lost Mary.
We lost Mary.
They lost Mary.
I love art.
You love art, don't you?
I don't know how to repair it.
He loves art.
She loves art.
Mary loves art.
We love art.
They love art.
You misled me.
I am glad to hear it.
He misled me.
She misled me.
Mary misled me.
They misled me.
I paid cash.
You paid cash, didn't you?
Can I go with you?
He paid cash.
She paid cash.
Mary paid cash.
We paid cash.
They paid cash.
I forgot to mention something important.
You texted me, didn't you?
He texted me.
She texted me.
Mary texted me.
They texted me.
I told Mary.
You told Mary, didn't you?
He told Mary.
Lucy told Mary.
We told Mary.
They told Mary.
He trusts me.
She trusts me.
Mary trusts me.
I caught Tom.
You caught Tom, didn't you?
He caught Tom.
Ken caught Tom.
She caught Tom.
Mary caught Tom.
You helped Tom, didn't you?
He helped Tom.
Ken helped Tom.
She helped Tom.
I will ask Tom.
You will ask Tom, won't you?
On the highway of life, sometimes you'll be the bug, other times you'll be the windshield.
He will ask Tom.
Ken will ask Tom.
She will ask Tom.
Mary will ask Tom.
They will ask Tom.
You have plans, don't you?
He has plans.
Tom has plans.
She has plans.
Mary has plans.
They have plans.
He missed you.
Tom missed you.
She missed you.
Mary missed you.
They missed you.
I stopped it.
You stopped it, didn't you?
He stopped it.
Tom stopped it.
She stopped it.
Mary stopped it.
They stopped it.
You tried that, didn't you?
He tried that.
Tom tried that.
She tried that.
Mary tried that.
They tried that.
I will hide it.
You will hide it, won't you?
He will hide it.
Tom will hide it.
She will hide it.
Mary will hide it.
They will hide it.
You will take it, won't you?
He will take it.
She will take it.
Mary will take it.
They will take it.
You fixed it, didn't you?
He fixed it.
Tom fixed it.
She fixed it.
Mary fixed it.
We fixed it.
You heard it, didn't you?
He heard it.
She heard it.
Tom heard it.
Mary heard it.
We heard it.
You hired me, didn't you?
He hired me.
Tom hired me.
She hired me.
Mary hired me.
He wanted to know how it tasted, so he bit off a little piece.
He took a book from the shelf.
She, covered only with a handtowel, came from the shower.
I'm not saying that what she did was right.
Is Tom on this ship?
He wasn't concerned with his afterlife.
My father recently quit smoking.
"I need a sentence that contains the word 'deficit reduction'. Can you help me?", whispered Tom.
I didn't need money.
I don't wash your car.
I'm not washing your car.
Can you hurry and go buy grey bread from the baker? And make him cut it!
Can you go buy the baker's gray bread right quick? And make her cut it!
Can you quickly go and buy grey bread from the baker? And have it cut!
Tom has a t-shirt that was signed by Bill Gates.
Why won't anyone eat my potatoes?
Next week, the electrician will come and fix the cable.
The electrician will come and fix the cable next week.
I approve your project.
I approve of her plan.
I approve their plan.
My god is greater!
I anger easily.
Thanks for inviting me to the party.
I found it quite impressive.
It's easy to respond to that question.
Answering that question is easy.
He went home.
He entered his home.
I recommend the public transport be improved.
I recommend the public transport be enhanced.
I recommend the public transport should be improved.
I recommend the public transport should be enhanced.
Many scholars are considered strange.
Many scholars are seen as weirdos.
The wifi isn't working for me.
They speak French in Quebec.
You shot Tom, didn't you?
He shot Tom.
Ken shot Tom.
She shot Tom.
Mary shot Tom.
We shot Tom.
You raised me, didn't you?
The lecturer's voice is easily heard throughout the entire hall.
The table had been covered with dust.
The duckling would be very happy by now, if only the goose would put up with him.
He raised me.
The trees are planted along the street.
She raised me.
Mary raised me.
They raised me.
I can't get the pictures out of the camera!
I can't remove the photos from the camera!
You built it, didn't you?
He built it.
Tom built it.
She built it.
Mary built it.
We built it.
I earned it.
He earned it.
Tom earned it.
She earned it.
Mary earned it.
We earned it.
They earned it.
Is there anyone in this room?
There is a girl in this room.
There is a boy in this room.
There is a man in this room.
There is a woman in this room.
There is a cat in this room.
There is a dog in this room.
It costs twenty euros.
There are two girls in the playground.
I need a grammar guide.
You can't replace the comma with a period in this sentence.
Are there any updates on this issue?
Have there been any updates on this issue?
After long consideration, Beth decided to major in mechanical engineering.
I would greatly appreciate your help.
John struggled to find out the answer to the physics problem.
I read on the news that renewable energies are making good progress.
What did you want to ask him?
They all helped out at the charity fundraiser.
What do you find important in life?
David has just published a new book on philosophy.
Kate checked the tasks off of her to-do list.
To create a website, it is useful to know how to code.
They celebrated Sandra's success in getting a promotion.
Harry works part-time at the local supermarket.
The calculator showed the correct answer.
Rachel sent an email to Tom.
It's kind of you to offer.
Melissa became fluent in Portuguese in less than two years.
If Sam had woken up earlier, he wouldn't have missed the bus.
Yvonne ordered a new sofa from the catalogue.
However, the moment was not very appropriate.
It's still light out.
They became more and more nervous.
It's a cup without a saucer.
Don't tell me what's possible!
My mother cooks skillfully.
We won't get cold.
She was named Bennett before her wedding.
She is still playing with a doll.
If only her husband would help her, most of her problems would disappear.
Don't watch television.
If you help me learn English, I'll help you learn Japanese.
He came to flirt.
I don't know when Bob got to Japan.
Mandarin oranges have a lot of vitamin C.
I'm waiting for your letter.
Tell him to give them to me.
Where do I get off?
As a child, I couldn't eat fish.
I don't know exactly when she'll come.
I wanted to buy a suit, but it was too expensive.
It was striking to the children that the grandfather sometimes picked his nose.
These things belong only to me.
As a result of the car accident, the driver was severely injured, and the passenger died.
Nature made sure that living happily doesn't require much effort: everyone can make himself happy.
If you don't want to get into a mess, don't say anything bad about Tom and Mary.
The injured man moaned quietly.
When will your debt be paid?
Can I find that?
As soon as she hugged him, he felt a severe pain.
Send a registered letter to be sure that it will reach its addressee.
A blind man shouldn't play cards.
You're asking in vain for forgiveness; your act can't be forgiven.
I'm going to do it and nothing else.
He ardently dreams of working as a translator.
He also thought about the birches in the depths of the valley where, according to him, at a depth of several meters beneath the surface some moisture was hidden.
I told him that those ten thousand oaks would look grand in thirty years.
We broke up the morning after.
The infantryman had the rare opportunity to break his head against a tree.
You've probably mistaken Joan for her sister.
Pubic hair is curly.
Whose friend are you?
She drinks too much.
We drink too much.
You drink too much.
They drink too much.
The sentence has to be completed like this:
Was that you who coughed?
Tell me only once, my only love, oh tell me only once: I love you!
Ampere per meter is the SI unit of magnetic field strength. Its symbol is A/m.
Run like a crazy cockroach.
I'd already pressed the red button but nothing happened.
This book is widely available in bookstores.
You hate secrets, don't you?
He hates secrets.
Tom hates secrets.
She hates secrets.
Mary hates secrets.
We hate secrets.
They hate secrets.
You like stories, don't you?
He likes stories.
Tom likes stories.
She likes stories.
Mary likes stories.
We like stories.
They like stories.
He couldn't do such a thing.
He loves you all.
Tom loves you all.
She loves you all.
Mary loves you all.
They love you all.
You need a towel, don't you?
Tom needs a towel.
She needs a towel.
Mary needs a towel.
We need a towel.
They need a towel.
You saw one once, didn't you?
He saw one once.
Tom saw one once.
She saw one once.
Mary saw one once.
We saw one once.
They saw one once.
You found us.
He found us.
Tom found us.
She found us.
Mary found us.
I had some.
You had some, didn't you?
He had some.
Tom had some.
She had some.
Mary had some.
We had some.
You trust us, don't you?
He trusts us.
She trusts us.
Mary trusts us.
They trust us.
I wanted it.
You wanted it, didn't you?
He wanted it.
She wanted it.
Mary wanted it.
We wanted it.
They wanted it.
You know Tom, don't you?
He knows Tom.
Ken knows Tom.
She knows Tom.
Mary knows Tom.
We know Tom.
You helped me.
He helped me.
She helped me.
Mary helped me.
You warned us.
He warned us.
She warned us.
Mary warned us.
They warned us.
I like her.
He likes her.
She likes her.
Mary likes her.
We like her.
They like her.
I will do it.
You will do it, won't you?
He will do it.
She will do it.
Mary will do it.
We will do it.
She won popularity in the town.
He caught me.
Tom caught me.
She caught me.
Mary caught me.
Israel is the Jew among the national states!
He knows this.
She knows this.
Mary knows this.
They know this.
I ruined it.
He ruined it.
Tom ruined it.
She ruined it.
Mary ruined it.
We ruined it.
He scared me.
She scared me.
Tom scared me.
Mary scared me.
They scared me.
He lied to you.
She lied to you.
Mary lied to you.
We lied to you.
You lost your dog, didn't you?
He lost his dog.
She lost her dog.
Tom lost his dog.
Mary lost her dog.
We lost our dog.
You made a list, didn't you?
He made a list.
Tom made a list.
She made a list.
Mary made a list.
We made a list.
They made a list.
He caused this.
She caused this.
Mary caused this.
We caused this.
They caused this.
You miss Boston, don't you?
He misses Boston.
Tom misses Boston.
She misses Boston.
Mary misses Boston.
We miss Boston.
They miss Boston.
You quit your job, didn't you?
He quit his job.
Tom quit his job.
She quit her job.
Mary quit her job.
We quit our job.
They quit their job.
You detest Tom, don't you?
He detests Tom.
Ken detests Tom.
She detests Tom.
Mary detests Tom.
We detest Tom.
They detest Tom.
You bore me.
He bores me.
She bores me.
Mary bores me.
They bore me.
You broke it.
You fired me.
He fired me.
She fired me.
Mary fired me.
They fired me.
You mean it, don't you?
He means it.
She means it.
Mary means it.
We mean it.
They mean it.
May I have a look at it?
I met Mary.
You met Mary, didn't you?
Could you do it now?
He met Mary.
She met Mary.
Lucy met Mary.
We met Mary.
They met Mary.
I am looking forward to it.
You meant it, didn't you?
He meant it.
She meant it.
Mary meant it.
We meant it.
They meant it.
I told her.
I told him.
You told her.
You told him.
He told him.
He told her.
She told him.
She told her.
Mary told him.
Mary told her.
We told him.
We told her.
Was he interested in it?
They told him.
They told her.
He was going to tell him.
You heard Tom, didn't you?
He heard Tom.
Ken heard Tom.
She heard Tom.
Mary heard Tom.
I beat them.
You beat them, didn't you?
He beat them.
Tom beat them.
She beat them.
Mary beat them.
They beat them.
I had lunch.
You had lunch, didn't you?
Markku struggled to express memories he could find no words for.
He had lunch.
Tom had lunch.
She had lunch.
Mary had lunch.
They had lunch.
Can you play any musical instrument?
There is always a crowd of customers in his shop.
I have hope.
You have hope, don't you?
He has hope.
Markku badly wanted to have a son with a college education.
Tom has hope.
She has hope.
Mary has hope.
They have hope.
Liisa's father believed his daughter needed basic survival instincts.
Markku never saw his parents again, or spoke of them.
I want to go to Taipei, too.
Markku was twenty-two and certain that he was the next Einstein.
I see him quite often in the city. Sometimes we have lunch together.
He will be off tomorrow.
If only I had asked for your advice.
I tried to keep from laughing.
I have not seen you for a long time.
Long time no see.
Do you speak Malayalam?
He is not your father.
He is not your dad.
Don't even think of going there.
She has a cold.
Is it mandatory?
Why don't you shut your mouth?
I watch PBS.
You watch PBS, don't you?
He watches PBS.
Tom watches PBS.
She watches PBS.
Mary watches PBS.
They watch PBS.
I will fix it.
You will fix it, won't you?
He will fix it.
She will fix it.
Mary will fix it.
They will fix it.
I will try it.
You will try it, won't you?
He will try it.
Tom will try it.
She will try it.
Mary will try it.
They will try it.
I have got it.
You have got it.
He has got it.
Tom has got it.
She has got it.
Mary has got it.
They have got it.
You all sat, didn't you?
We all sat.
I gave up.
You gave up.
She gave up.
Mary gave up.
We gave up.
I got Tom.
You got Tom, didn't you?
He got Tom.
Ken got Tom.
She got Tom.
Mary got Tom.
We got Tom.
You hate me, don't you?
He hates me.
She hates me.
Mary hates me.
You lost it, didn't you?
He lost it.
Tom lost it.
She lost it.
Mary lost it.
You said no.
He said no.
She said no.
Mary said no.
We said no.
You believe it, don't you?
He believes it.
Tom believes it.
She believes it.
Mary believes it.
We believe it.
Mum is home.
He deserves it.
Tom deserves it.
She deserves it.
Mary deserves it.
We deserve it.
She is now looking like mum and not like her mum.
I like your last name. Can I take it?
I was pleased to meet you.
The Kelpie, an Australian sheep dog, is an excellent working dog and can muster large numbers of sheep with little or no command guidance.
Everyone knows these days that tobacco causes lung cancer.
Translate the book into another language.
I can't really translate that, it is a very difficult text.
I'm afraid that in my translation, part of the original meaning has been lost.
I don't know how to translate that sentence correctly.
You'd rather translate sentences than chat with me.
There's a lot to be told.
He makes an unfavorable impression.
It seemed that Lisa was at a loss.
Which one of you was here first?
It makes me happy when you visit.
Liisa decided that Markku had to move out.
Most of the students are interested in finance more than industry.
Since Liisa can't come, it will just be us three.
The coworker claimed he had missed the bus.
Markku felt that he had sorted everything out.
I wanted to buy my neighbor's cottage, but it had already been sold when I got there.
Life consists of rain and sunshine, of snow and heat, of thunder and lightning, and of winter and summer.
Liisa succeeded in her task.
The good team spirit in the work group is valued positively.
Markku – who likes to fish – caught a large fish today.
The king should not speak that way.
It was the warmth that I missed the most.
In order to tag sentences, you must, at least, be an "advanced" contributor.
Products, whose prices have been reduced, are not returnable.
Liisa was completely overwhelmed, but there was no one there who could've helped her.
He stayed a bachelor his whole life.
A decision will be even more difficult the longer you delay it.
What disturbed me the most was the noise.
I could only take what fit into the suitcase.
If Markku had had more time, he would have written Liisa a longer letter.
It became darker and darker, so that I could no longer recognize anything anymore.
The English and German sentences have totally different meanings.
My brother probably wrote this letter.
Liisa had forgotten to turn off the light.
His webpage is bilingual.
Although she had a bad cold, Liisa went to work.
Liisa was so tired that she fell asleep sitting down.
Only as I stood in front of the shop, I realized that it was already closed.
I want a gold cross.
I want a golden cross.
I want a cross of gold.
I am completely alone in the world.
Esperanto is the most logical language in the world.
I didn't forget it.
Cut it into two pieces.
The truth doesn't need many words.
What is Ken doing now?
I eat cucumber.
You can sit by the exotic plants in front of the lake, away from the noise.
Tom feels nauseous.
Let not the king say so!
That is my airplane.
The newly-elected politician flew in on his private jet to attend his first sitting of parliament.
Interrogative pronouns can be difficult to master in a foreign language.
It's somehow so quiet here without Tom. I miss him.
He can ski just as well as his brother.
Without you, my life would have been totally empty.
Everyone agrees.
My husband is a doctor.
He's afraid of his own shadow.
The headwind blew against the sail.
Choose something.
Here's my friend's ticket.
Various types of philosophy originated in Greece.
Include it.
I'll try to answer your question.
There's nothing suspicious about that.
Does that seem out of the ordinary to you?
The program for the convention is extraordinarily rich. There are generally four or five lectures taking place at the same time.
That will be discussed later.
Ask for her advice.
I'm uneasy about it.
It works for me.
Laurie will walk to Spain.
Laurie's still at school.
Laurie knows how to swim.
Laurie is a true friend.
My girlfriend is named Laurie.
The war in Iraq broke out ten years ago.
Does your work interest you?
Do I need to leave immediately?
Is Buddhism a religion or a philosophy?
There is a philosophical branch of Buddhism, and a religious one, and in each of them several tendencies have developed.
Tom thinks that his TV is watching him.
She orgasmed repeatedly.
Men sometimes overestimate their sexual prowess.
I don't know why he's not here today.
How is your project coming along?
Hey, buddy. How are you doing?
I know of a good Italian restaurant.
Maria rubbed her cheeks with the palms of her hands and looked around with embarrassment.
They abhor progress.
He had to stay in hospital for a whole week.
Every separation is a taste of death.
Tim is now professor of Italian literature at the University of Florence.
At every step, we face obstacles.
A brand name is not synonymous with quality.
Can I leave him a message?
Fifty families live in this tiny village.
This is not butter. It's margarine.
Tom asked for dismissal.
The professors can make mistakes, too.
Is sentence construction in Esperanto freer than in Portuguese?
He was punished with justification.
This acid is extremely important in the industry and the laboratory.
You do not know anything about me.
She met many boys in the chatroom.
Dear children, always be honest!
Did you see what password I entered?
They play chess.
"He did right," the colonel nodded.
It's a bit cold, but it probably isn't worth putting the heater on yet.
Why am I up?
Shall we play?
There are things I must know about.
There are things I have to know about.
She never lies.
You do like Tom, don't you?
He does like Tom.
Ken does like Tom.
She does like Tom.
Mary does like Tom.
We do like Tom.
They do like Tom.
You found a job, didn't you?
He found a job.
Tom found a job.
She found a job.
Mary found a job.
We found a job.
They found a job.
You hate opera, don't you?
He hates opera.
Tom hates opera.
She hates opera.
Mary hates opera.
We hate opera.
They hate opera.
Markku had never had a one-night stand; it wasn't his nature.
Markku never imagined that he would marry Liisa for convenience and stay married.
The mild summer sun made Markku drowsy.
A dictionary is a reference work of words or terms which are listed in alphabetical order. The words and terms included in the dictionary are described in relation to their significance, definition, etymology, orthography and grammatical form.
You just made me smile.
You have a ring, don't you?
He has a ring.
Tom has a ring.
She has a ring.
Mary has a ring.
We have rings.
They have rings.
You heard that, didn't you?
He heard that.
Tom heard that.
She heard that.
Mary heard that.
We heard that.
They heard that.
You like your job, don't you?
He likes his job.
Tom likes his job.
She likes her job.
Mary likes her job.
We like our job.
They like their job.
You love sunsets, don't you?
He loves sunsets.
Tom loves sunsets.
She loves sunsets.
Mary loves sunsets.
We love sunsets.
They love sunsets.
You missed Tom, didn't you?
He missed Tom.
Ken missed Tom.
She missed Tom.
Mary missed Tom.
We missed Tom.
You need a bath, don't you?
He needs a bath.
Tom needs a bath.
She needs a bath.
Mary needs a bath.
We need a bath.
They need a bath.
You saw a mouse, didn't you?
He saw a mouse.
Tom saw a mouse.
She saw a mouse.
Mary saw a mouse.
We saw a mouse.
They saw a mouse.
You will not do it, will you?
He will not do it.
Tom will not do it.
She will not do it.
Mary will not do it.
We will not do it.
They will not do it.
You knew me, didn't you?
He knew me.
Tom knew me.
She knew me.
Mary knew me.
He shot me.
She shot me.
Mary shot me.
He wants it.
She wants it.
Mary wants it.
The happiness and sorrow of others is happiness and sorrow of our own.
They want it.
He ruined me.
Tom ruined me.
She ruined me.
Mary ruined me.
They ruined me.
He scared us.
Mary scared us.
Tom scared us.
She scared us.
They scared us.
I can't speak the Berber language, but someday I will speak it well.
You made plans, didn't you?
He made plans.
Tom made plans.
She made plans.
Mary made plans.
We made plans.
They made plans.
You rewrote it, didn't you?
He rewrote it.
Tom rewrote it.
She rewrote it.
Mary rewrote it.
We rewrote it.
They rewrote it.
You sell shoes, don't you?
He sells shoes.
Tom sells shoes.
Doge will never die.
She sells shoes.
Mary sells shoes.
We sell shoes.
They sell shoes.
You sell shoes.
You took risks, didn't you?
He took risks.
Tom took risks.
She took risks.
Mary took risks.
We took risks.
They took risks.
He warned you.
Tom warned you.
She warned you.
Mary warned you.
We warned you.
They warned you.
I'll have to have a rethink about it.
She stopped teasing me.
It's pretty clear we have a problem.
It's pretty clear you have a problem.
It's pretty clear Tom has a problem.
Don't be a dog in the manger.
The worst song in Eurovision came in first and the best came second to last. How stupid!
I don't have to follow Tom.
A guest at an inopportune time is a heavy burden.
Good to meet you.
I thought it went well.
I never really was on your side.
If opportunity comes at an inopportune time, is it still opportunity?
That's not butter. It's margarine.
Tom was fired without notice.
"Have you ever thought of killing yourself?" "No, I'm not a person who would end their own life."
For some inexplicable reason, the flimsy shack survived the storm.
Tom handed in his notice at the bank and ruined a promising career.
The whole world is a very narrow bridge. The main thing is to fear nothing.
An egg to a pauper is like is a bull to a rich man.
You should go to a dentist immediately.
People on lower incomes spend a disproportionate amount of their income on rent.
There is a disproportionate number of girls in the class.
He who seeks wisdom is a wise man, he who thinks he's found it is a fool.
As Tom isn't very demonstrative, it's hard to tell how he feels about my good news.
"This" and "that" are English demonstrative pronouns.
Mary came from a very physically demonstrative family.
Self-efficacy is the measure of the belief in one's own ability to complete tasks and reach goals
I need to move to a different country.
I've never heard of that stereotype!
I have two tickets for sale.
The closer to 100%, the closer the blended image will resemble the colors of the primary raster.
In psychoanalysis, this voice is called the superego, which Freud conceived as the infantile internalizing of parental authority.
I don't care what the headmistress said. I have no desire to become acquainted with anyone. You all dislike me and I couldn't care less.
She is drinking tea.
They will say 'Aha!'.
He is drinking tea.
Bergen is the second largest city in Norway.
Bergen is a Norwegian town.
The capital city of Norway is Oslo.
Bergen is known as the city between the seven mountains.
I could start crying.
Even though Tom had a bad cold, he went to work.
"Is that what it is?" "Yes, that's what it is"
I'll have to reconsider it.
Everything this guy touches turns to magic.
You've got to be on your toes.
Has Sweden already fallen that low?
She's actually made of Swedish chocolate.
"Don't you think that people from English-speaking countries earn an unreasonable amount from the English language industry? Since I'm Japanese, I'd like to use materials exclusively made by Japanese people." "But you know, you can't really tell if the English is good or not unless it's been checked by a native speaker." "What do you mean by good English!? English used by native speakers? Are natives really that great, anyway?"
Sweden and Argentina got mixed up.
You're so mean, Tom!
And then his wife said that she was pregnant.
You did your job.
He did his job.
Tom did his job.
She did her job.
Mary did her job.
We did our job.
They did their job.
He does like you.
She does like you.
Mary does like you.
We do like you.
They do like you.
Watching one movie after another inhibits a profound understanding of them.
You hate spiders, don't you?
Tom hates spiders.
She hates spiders.
Mary hates spiders.
We hate spiders.
They hate spiders.
He has a kid.
Tom has a kid.
She has a kid.
Mary has a kid.
We have a kid.
They have a kid.
You like beans, don't you?
He likes beans.
Tom likes beans.
She likes beans.
Mary likes beans.
We like beans.
They like beans.
You love chili, don't you?
The need for theoretical and practical preparation is obvious.
He loves chili.
Tom loves chili.
She loves chili.
Mary loves chili.
We love chili.
They love chili.
You needed space, didn't you?
He needed space.
Tom needed space.
She needed space.
Mary needed space.
We needed space.
They needed space.
You saw it, too.
Tom saw it, too.
She saw it, too.
Mary saw it, too.
We saw it, too.
They saw it, too.
You wanted proof, didn't you?
He wanted proof.
She wanted proof.
Tom wanted proof.
Mary wanted proof.
We wanted proof.
They didn't have real coffee, so they drank ersatz.
You know me, don't you?
He knows me.
Mary knows me.
Could we get the check, please?
You helped us.
He helped us.
She helped us.
Mary helped us.
They helped us.
I know it.
You know it, don't you?
He knows it.
She knows it.
How can mirrors be real if our eyes aren't real?
Mary knows it.
We know it.
They know it.
You found Tom, didn't you?
He found Tom.
Ken found Tom.
She found Tom.
Mary found Tom.
You will have dinner, won't you?
He will have dinner.
Tom will have dinner.
She will have dinner.
Mary will have dinner.
We will have dinner.
They will have dinner.
Some enterprises have more than a thousand employees.
English mother-tongue speakers are embarrassed to correctly pronounce the name of the German philosopher Kant, which is a homophone for a vulgar expression referring to the female genitals.
The storm is getting worse.
Rain is pouring.
It's pouring down rain.
You will lose weight.
He will lose weight.
Tom will lose weight.
She will lose weight.
Mary will lose weight.
We will lose weight.
They will lose weight.
He will protect you.
She will protect you.
Mary will protect you.
We will protect you.
They will protect you.
You will wash dishes, won't you?
He will wash dishes.
Tom will wash dishes.
She will wash dishes.
Mary will wash dishes.
We will wash dishes.
They will wash dishes.
Tom volunteered to wash the dishes.
Tom volunteered to help Mary wash the dishes.
Tom offered to help Mary wash the dishes.
Tom cleared the table and Mary washed the dishes.
My boyfriend and I have been together for seven years already.
She watches TV constantly.
I don't know whether to go or to stay.
Why were there so few bank robberies in communist east Germany? — Because you had to wait for years for a getaway car.
The drain in the washbasin is blocked.
He is ignoring you.
She is ignoring you.
Mary is ignoring you.
We are ignoring you.
They are ignoring you.
You are losing blood.
He is losing blood.
Tom is losing blood.
She is losing blood.
Mary is losing blood.
We are losing blood.
They are losing blood.
You are wasting time.
He is wasting time.
She is wasting time.
Mary is wasting time.
We are wasting time.
They are wasting time.
You have missed this, haven't you?
He has missed this.
Tom has missed this.
She has missed this.
Mary has missed this.
We have missed this.
They have missed this.
You'll consider this, won't you?
Could you lend me your sociology notes?
He will consider this.
Tom will consider this.
She will consider this.
Mary will consider this.
We will consider this.
They will consider this.
You made breakfast, didn't you?
He made breakfast.
She made breakfast.
Mary made breakfast.
We made breakfast.
They made breakfast.
You made spaghetti, didn't you?
He made spaghetti.
Tom made spaghetti.
She made spaghetti.
Mary made spaghetti.
We made spaghetti.
They made spaghetti.
You visited Boston, didn't you?
He visited Boston.
Tom visited Boston.
She visited Boston.
Mary visited Boston.
We visited Boston.
They visited Boston.
You will assist us, won't you?
He will assist us.
She will assist us.
Mary will assist us.
They will assist us.
You heard coughing, didn't you?
He heard coughing.
She heard coughing.
Mary heard coughing.
Tom heard coughing.
We heard coughing.
They heard coughing.
You enjoyed yourself, didn't you?
You enjoyed yourselves, didn't you?
He enjoyed himself.
Tom enjoyed himself.
She enjoyed herself.
Mary enjoyed herself.
We enjoyed ourselves.
You brought dinner, didn't you?
He brought dinner.
Tom brought dinner.
She brought dinner.
Mary brought dinner.
We brought dinner.
They brought dinner.
You abhor violence, don't you?
He abhors violence.
Tom abhors violence.
She abhors violence.
Mary abhors violence.
They abhor violence.
I steal stuff.
You steal stuff, don't you?
He steals stuff.
She steals stuff.
Mary steals stuff.
We steal stuff.
They steal stuff.
He respects you.
She respects you.
Mary respects you.
We respect you.
They respect you.
I explained it.
You explained it, didn't you?
He explained it.
She explained it.
Mary explained it.
We explained it.
They explained it.
About noon the sky darkened, a breeze sprang up, and a low rumble announced the approaching storm.
He will catch us.
You will catch us.
She will catch us.
Mary will catch us.
Yesterday we walked to school but later rode the bus home.
You shook hands, didn't you?
I play soccer.
You should see this.
They are impatient.
Dude, you should see this.
You play soccer, don't you?
Tom plays soccer.
She plays soccer.
Mary plays soccer.
We play soccer.
I haven't ridden the bus to school all year.
She is impatient.
She's impatient.
He's impatient.
He is impatient.
I forgave you.
She was stunningly beautiful.
He forgave you.
Tom forgave you.
She forgave you.
Mary forgave you.
We forgave you.
In an instant, everything changed.
He believes you.
Tom believes you.
She believes you.
Mary believes you.
"Aren't you coming for a swim?" "I don't feel like it at the moment."
She'll catch a cold yet.
I will follow you.
He will follow you.
Tom will follow you.
She will follow you.
Mary will follow you.
They will follow you.
They will discuss it.
You will discuss it, won't you?
I made mistakes.
You made mistakes.
He made mistakes.
Tom made mistakes.
She made mistakes.
Mary made mistakes.
They made mistakes.
The Aztecs spoke Nahuatl.
As Meva's parents we visited Dresden to celebrate her twentieth birthday. We took took the opportunity to explore this beautiful city.
One who loves danger, shall perish in it.
I'm not softening them.
I'll have him fix the clock.
He's daring, that guy!
They hate the rules.
Mary was a prison warden for ten years.
I like that dog.
That would be perfect.
Why would Tom say that?
Which would you choose?
Which one would you choose?
What would you suggest?
What would you do next?
Why would you do this?
Why would Tom do this?
What would you do instead?
What would Tom buy?
What would Tom say?
What would Tom do?
Where is Tom going to get shoes that fit?
I should've studied more when I was young.
Lexus was founded in by Toyota.
Tom crashed his brand-new Lexus.
Some people shouldn't be allowed to drive.
I am literally crying right now.
I've tried to talk to her.
I have tried to talk to her.
I've tried to talk to him.
I have tried to talk to him.
This copy of Windows is not genuine.
In the dark it's better to light a candle than to curse the darkness.
She's not like other girls.
Mary is not like the other girls.
Tom is not like the other boys.
I want to look pretty!
Do you eat bread during lunch?
I don't watch sitcoms anymore.
You're so skinny.
You're so tiny.
Are you happy with your body?
I always eat healthy.
I always try to eat healthy food.
I don't even care that much.
Are you a vampire?
I'm not disagreeing with you.
Why is it okay for boys, but not for girls?
You're very good... for a girl.
This is very cool.
Who's that guy with the mustache?
What's going on with that?
I'm still here and I'm not going away.
Would you like to have it washed?
Does he know that you like him?
Does she know that you like her?
Would you like to have your hair washed?
It's the most addicting game I have ever played.
This made me laugh so hard.
He was a real hero.
She was a real hero.
I'll never forget my first kiss.
Long before the sun rose, the birds had arrived at the feeder.
You are exactly like your father.
You are exactly like your mother.
It's a nice touch.
Before they even began deliberations, many of the jury members had reached a verdict.
It was a long time ago.
Why would I be friends with her?
Why would I be friends with him?
Yo, check this out.
Check this out, yo.
Who is the father?
She's not pregnant.
Don't wish anyone evil!
I think you should ask for your money back.
I wish I hadn't said that.
Did you shave this morning?
I want you to meet my friend, Tom.
Calm the hell down.
Do you shave every morning?
When was the last time you shaved?
Tom shaves every morning as soon as he gets out of the shower.
It's not too late to tell her.
It's not too late to tell him.
It's not too late to tell her that you love her.
It's not too late to tell Mary that you love her.
It's not too late to tell him that you love him.
It's not too late to tell Tom that you love him.
If only we had a son!
If only we had a daughter!
If only we had a child!
A strange man threatened her with a knife.
Rome is burning.
Nero looked at Rome while it was burning.
We don't have sex anymore.
My hydrophobic uncle nearly drowned in the tub when he was eight.
She showed him her ankle.
Mary knitted Tom a sweater for his birthday.
Tom likes knitting too.
Why did I read this?
Tom likes skiing, too.
Tom likes swimming, too.
Tom, too, likes swimming.
Tom also likes swimming.
Tom likes swimming as well.
Tom wasn't very good at swimming.
Tom isn't very good at swimming.
Tom wished he were better at swimming.
Tom wishes he was a better swimmer.
Tom said he didn't know how to swim very well.
Tom enjoys swimming almost as much as he enjoys skiing.
Tom didn't learn how to swim until he was thirteen.
Tom learned how to swim from his father.
Tom swam for two hours this afternoon.
Tom doesn't really enjoy swimming laps.
I've never seen so much blood.
I've never seen so much blood in my life.
Stop bullying.
If Tom hadn't gotten sick, he'd be here with us now.
If Tom hadn't been here, you wouldn't be alive now.
What time is the last train?
He's a sex maniac.
Why did Tom and Mary get divorced?
How are Tom and Mary getting along?
Is Mary your daughter?
Why did God make me so ugly?
That might be Mary's ex-husband.
Why did God make me so beautiful?
These are Mary's earrings.
Where was Mary's husband?
Tom was surprised by Mary's comment.
I wanted to be like them.
I wanted to be like him.
I wanted to be like her.
What's Tom getting at?
What's Tom trying to say?
Tom says he's getting hungry.
Are you getting Tom anything for his birthday?
What's Tom got to hide?
What's Tom got to do with this?
Where would Tom go?
Why would Tom quit?
That's the reason I don't like him.
That's the reason I don't like her.
What would Tom think?
What would Tom want?
Why would Tom be upset?
Why would Tom go there?
Where could Tom have gone?
What would you say to Tom?
Why would Tom do this to us?
Why would Tom be doing this?
Why would Tom do that to me?
Why would Tom do that to us?
Why would Tom be at school today?
What would you advise?
What would you suggest that I do?
Company matters should stay within the company.
What would you suggest that I get Tom for his birthday?
What does Tom suggest?
What does Tom need?
What was Tom doing at school?
What was Tom doing here?
What's Tom doing in there?
What's Tom doing there?
When did Tom go?
When did Tom get here?
Where did you say Tom was staying?
It's what Tom would've wanted.
What would Tom have done first?
What would you have said to Tom?
That's what Tom would've done.
What would you have done in Tom's place?
If you were in Tom's shoes, what would you do?
I told you Tom wouldn't help.
If Tom had money, he wouldn't be here.
The school expelled her.
If Tom had had enough money, he would have gone to Boston with Mary.
The school expelled him.
He was expelled from the school.
She was expelled from the school.
Can Tom go first?
Bring Tom in here.
Did Tom have a gun?
Did Tom pay, too?
Do as Tom asks.
Does Tom have cable?
Do what you're told.
Does Tom have one?
Give Tom a second.
Give Tom a second chance.
Give Tom my regards.
Give Tom the gun.
Give Tom the keys.
Give Tom what he needs.
Guess what Tom found.
How did Tom behave?
Is this what Tom wants?
Is what Tom said true?
Isn't that what Tom wanted?
Just do what Tom says.
Tell Tom what you mean.
Tell Tom what you want.
Tell Tom you lied.
Tell Tom what you need.
You only get to know a good helmsman in a storm.
The Brazilian is winning the race.
I am traveling to Spain.
Inadequate questions give rise to inadequate answers.
The shop window was broken by a stone.
The wind remained calm.
Have you got a cigarette and a light?
Which is your favorite movie?
Is chemistry a boring subject?
Weather forecasts are rarely accurate.
The fifth of May is the day when Napoleon died.
He'll be there.
It is a weird Mexican novel.
Everything has its sound.
Figures of speech are tools well employed by writers in any literary genre.
I wanna go.
It's gone cold. Can you warm it up a bit in the microwave?
Workers are installing extra loudspeakers because the music in tonight's concert will need amplification.
He's written a lot of good material that has never seen the light of day.
That's not what Tom is asking.
That's not what Tom says.
That's what Tom had in mind.
That's what Tom expected.
That's what Tom promised.
What do they call you? They call me "Paul."
I have lost my keys so I can't get into my flat
Tom raised three children all by himself.
If you're not watching the TV, I'll turn it off.
Can you correct my English sentences?
I changed the incorrect sentence.
You speak English.
Show Tom your hands.
Stay with Tom now.
Tell Tom to get ready.
Throw Tom the ball.
Go get a beer.
Throw the ball to Tom.
Come and get me.
Go get your car.
Go get your helmet.
Just get in the car.
Just don't get in the way.
He didn't keep his promise.
That's all for now.
That's all we need.
That's all we want.
That's all you get.
Was it all a dream?
What's it all mean?
Did you do all this?
Is that all we need?
My computer won't start up anymore.
Mark and Leonor broke off their relationship.
My computer doesn't boot up anymore.
Tom and Mary have split up.
Sally told me that she will break off her relationship with Gary
One is all it takes.
That's all I've got.
That's all it takes.
What's all that for?
What's all the fuss?
Did you get all that?
How did it all begin?
It was all a mistake.
See you all tomorrow.
That's all we can do.
That's all we needed.
This is all I've got.
Where's all my stuff?
Is all this necessary?
It's all in my report.
It's not all that bad.
What does it all mean?
What's all that noise?
Where were all of you?
How did you all escape?
It wasn't at all funny.
Look at all those people.
Look at all that money.
It wasn't all that funny.
That'll be all for now.
Where's all your stuff?
Is that all you brought?
Is that all you bought?
Thanks for all the help.
What's in all these boxes?
Thank you all for coming.
You hate Halloween, don't you?
He hates Halloween.
Tom hates Halloween.
She hates Halloween.
Mary hates Halloween.
We hate Halloween.
Who are all these people?
They hate Halloween.
You have a son, don't you?
He has a son.
Tom has a son.
She has a son.
Mary has a son.
We have a son.
They have a son.
You like girls, don't you?
He likes girls.
She likes girls.
Mary likes girls.
We like girls.
They like girls.
You love Australia, don't you?
He loves Australia.
Tom loves Australia.
She loves Australia.
Mary loves Australia.
We love Australia.
They love Australia.
You need a cab, don't you?
I guess all we can do is wait.
He needs a cab.
Is that all you have to say?
Tom needs a cab.
It's all a misunderstanding.
She needs a cab.
Mary needs a cab.
People do that all the time.
We need a cab.
We are consoling her mother.
They need a cab.
Why aren't you all laughing?
Hey, what was that all about?
You saw nothing.
That's all we can do for now.
How long's all this been here?
He saw nothing.
She saw nothing.
Mary saw nothing.
What's this all about, Tom?
You will find her.
Tom says he saw nothing.
He will find her.
Tom will find her.
If Tom had seen anything, he would have told us.
She will find her.
Mary will find her.
We will find her.
Tom thinks there's a good chance he'll find Mary.
I will find her.
I ignored Tom.
Tom thinks there's a good chance that Mary will say yes.
You ignored Tom, didn't you?
Tom thinks Mary will probably say yes.
He ignored Tom.
Ken ignored Tom.
She ignored Tom.
Mary ignored Tom.
We ignored Tom.
You know her, don't you?
He knows her.
She knows her.
Mary knows her.
We know her.
They know her.
I shot her.
You shot her, didn't you?
He shot her.
She shot her.
Mary shot her.
We shot her.
They shot her.
He wants you.
She wants you.
Mary wants you.
We want you.
They want you.
You have done it.
He has done it.
She has done it.
Mary has done it.
They have done it.
He heard you.
Tom heard you.
She heard you.
Mary heard you.
They heard you.
I will notify Tom.
You will notify Tom, won't you?
It seems that I'll have to wear this hat for winter.
He will notify Tom.
Ken will notify Tom.
She will notify Tom.
Mary will notify Tom.
They will notify Tom.
I will follow Tom.
You will follow Tom, won't you?
He will follow Tom.
Ken will follow Tom.
She will follow Tom.
Mary will follow Tom.
They will follow Tom.
I considered it.
You considered it, didn't you?
He considered it.
Tom considered it.
She considered it.
Mary considered it.
They considered it.
I had breakfast.
You had breakfast, didn't you?
He had breakfast.
Tom had breakfast.
She had breakfast.
Mary had breakfast.
They had breakfast.
The idea is good. There is just one problem: Tom has not yet said yes.
It went very smoothly.
Things went very smoothly.
What's in that smoothie?
I demoted you.
He demoted you.
Tom demoted you.
She demoted you.
Mary demoted you.
We demoted you.
"Oh Tom, you big, strong man! Come here and kiss me!" "I'm sorry! I'm married!"
You've met someone, haven't you?
She has met someone.
Mary has met someone.
You've ordered one, haven't you?
He has ordered one.
Tom has ordered one.
She ordered one.
Mary has ordered one.
We have ordered one.
They have ordered one.
Nobody asked me.
Nobody asked him.
Nobody asked Tom.
Nobody asked Mary.
Nobody asked her.
Nobody asked us.
Nobody asked them.
Nobody called you.
Nobody called him.
Nobody called Tom.
Nobody called her.
Nobody called Mary.
Nobody called us.
Nobody called them.
Something bit you.
Something bit him.
Something bit Tom.
Something bit her.
Something bit Mary.
You have located Tom, haven't you?
He has located Tom.
Ken has located Tom.
She has located Tom.
Mary has located Tom.
We have located Tom.
They have located Tom.
You arrested me.
He arrested me.
Tom arrested me.
She arrested me.
Mary arrested me.
This disturbs you, doesn't it?
The Belize barrier reef is the largest barrier reef in the northern hemisphere and is also famous for the Great Blue Hole, a popular diving spot.
Have things changed since then?
You should invest in what you know.
You're worth less than nothing.
This is what I get paid to do.
Tom likes to wear brightly colored orange pants.
Check your car before you drive to make sure that your lights are working.
This disturbs him.
Detroit was called the Paris of the West.
Tom lives in a row house.
The neighbourhood was cut in two by the highway.
The neighborhood was cut in two by the highway.
Cervical cancer has nothing to do with cervical vertebrae. It's a cancer of the cervix.
A Pap test can help detect cervical cancer early on.
The HPV vaccine can help prevent cervical cancer.
Men can be infected with HPV.
Let's call a bus.
Breast self-examinations are no longer recommended by doctors.
I hate that so much.
Lol, what?
I love Christmas lights.
Christmas is the most wonderful time of the year.
Mary put a spell on Tom.
That's exactly what happened.
My cat wasn't impressed.
Wow, this is crazy.
I want to move to Antarctica.
I want to live in Antarctica.
This penguin is really cute.
I don't know what "twerking" is and I don't care.
Most Germans can speak English.
Most Americans can speak English.
Most Americans can't speak German.
Tom only gives raw meat to his cat.
There's only a small difference between "schwül" (humid) and "schwul" (gay).
I believe that Tom is innocent.
Are they going to take my child away?
I would like to travel, but I don't have any money.
Tom and Mary always wear matching clothes.
What is a Christmas market?
You're part of the problem.
You are part of the problem.
I have never been robbed.
I am fascinated by clouds and clocks on old photographs - perhaps because they can be understood as symbols of the transience and continuous passage of time.
Snow is pretty, but it's cold.
Have you tried glühwein? I think it's pretty good.
Her boyfriend was there, too.
His girlfriend was there, too.
I get jealous when he talks to other girls.
He gets jealous when I talk to other guys.
The interns work in the basement and there are no windows.
How weary, stale, flat, and unprofitable seem to me all the uses of this world.
O that this too too solid flesh would melt, thaw and resolve itself into a dew!
Mary is street smart, but not book smart.
Put your hands against the wall.
I'm gonna go cry now.
I'm going to go cry now.
This is really ridiculous.
Stop watching TV. It will destroy your brain.
My hair is still wet.
I use a blow dryer to dry my hair.
Do not freak out.
He probably knows I like him.
She probably knows I like her.
Tom probably knows I like him.
Tom probably knows that Mary likes him.
Don't cut your hair!
I don't want to cut my hair.
By the time the senator finished his speech, the audience had lost interest.
This study foreshadows great changes in our system of education.
That's more than a sentence; it's a painting of words.
I don't want to get my hair cut.
I don't want to get a haircut.
We are battling creatures from another world.
I didn't do it because I didn't want to.
What are we all doing in here?
Thanks for all your help.
It was all a misunderstanding.
How are we going to pay for all this?
Can you do that for all of us?
Can you do it all on your own?
Where did you get all those plants?
Is that all you remember?
Thank you all for being here.
What's with all the flowers?
This has all been a mistake.
Let Tom do all the talking.
Did you get everything you need?
The food is good, but you could have added a bit more salt.
Denmark is, among the Nordic countries, the southernmost, and is to the southwest of Sweden and south of Norway.
God gave you so that you could give.
Looks deceive.
I have a bestseller about Greek mythology.
Could I bum a cigarette and a light?
There were important notes in that notebook.
Don't waste so much food.
Tom wastes a lot of food.
Tom works for a bank.
Four drawers can be found in my desk.
Before opening his diner, John was a simple hot dog vendor.
I don't like repeating myself.
"I don't like repeating myself." "What?"
That doesn't please me at all.
Dental care is expensive.
You should take good care of your teeth.
The number of pupils in this room is 25.
Anyone at any age can learn Esperanto.
Learning a foreign language requires perseverance.
We work during the day, and sleep at night.
The villa sleeps.
It was fall two months ago.
The advantages of replacing human workers with robots are the following: robots don't need salary, robots don't get tired, and, most importantly, robots don't complain about their boss.
They've stopped smoking.
In Greek mythology, Zeus is the son of Cronus.
In Greek mythology, Zeus is the son of Chronos.
"What is ‘The Hunger Games’?" "I don't know. I hope it's not about people who are hungry."
That's all for now, folks.
I think that the second part of your comment would make a great example sentence.
What does all that mean?
Is all of that necessary?
That's all Tom had to say.
What's all the commotion?
It's complicated, isn't it?
Where did you get all this from?
Is that all you have to say to me?
Everything's going to be all right.
Why are you doing all this for us?
It's going to be all right, isn't it?
Maybe we're doing this all backwards.
This is not at all what Tom expected.
Is that all you have to say for yourself?
What're you going to do with all that money?
Just relax. Everything's going to be all right.
I thought you were going to be gone all afternoon.
Does that make sense?
Could you make an exception?
Does that make a difference?
Why does that make a difference?
Does that make you uncomfortable?
Please make yourselves comfortable.
I found the picture Tom was looking for.
Tom found the picture he was looking for.
Do you know whose handwriting this is?
Tom, I found the picture you were looking for.
No, I'm still a bachelor.
A friend of mine is looking for someone who speaks French.
Tom is looking for someone who speaks French.
Tom is looking for someone to help him translate a document from French into English.
A friend of mine is looking for someone who can speak French.
In every man there lives a little boy.
I won't be ready.
A cynic is a blackguard whose faulty vision sees things as they are, not as they ought to be.
He works Sundays.
I'm suffering from pecuniary embarrassment.
You can't force yourself to forget something.
What made you suspicious?
What made you say that?
Who made the delivery?
What made you do this?
What made you confess?
What made you do what you did?
I have serious doubts.
Everyone makes that mistake.
What are you making now?
What are you reading now?
Is that true, or are you making it up?
My breakfast usually consists of coffee with milk, a piece of bread and jam, a small banana, a piece of orange and some dried plums.
How about a hug?
How about a kiss?
How about a song?
I spent the day sneezing.
How about a contest?
How about a rematch?
The half life of actinium-is approximately days.
How about a sandwich?
I'd like two kilos of onions.
I failed to find Mary's house.
It's about to get better.
It's about something else.
It's about time we got out of here.
It's about time somebody needed my help.
It's about time you showed up.
It's about time somebody showed up.
It's about time you guys got here.
It's a story about a man who dies without ever finding true love.
I haven't replied Tom's letter yet.
I'd have loved to see you at the party I organised yesterday.
This disturbs her.
This disturbs Tom.
This disturbs Mary.
This disturbs us.
This disturbs them.
What stopped me?
What stopped him?
What stopped her?
What stopped Tom?
What stopped Mary?
What stopped us?
What stopped them?
Who brought me here?
Who brought him?
Who brought you?
Who brought Tom?
Who brought her?
Who brought Mary?
Who brought us here?
Who notified me?
Who notified him?
Who notified her?
Who notified Tom?
Who notified Mary?
Who notified us?
If that happens, you'll be the first to be notified.
Has Tom's family been notified?
Tom's family will have to be notified.
He convinced me.
Tom convinced me.
Has Tom been notified?
Have the police been notified?
She convinced me.
The police have been notified.
The police haven't notified Tom yet.
Mary convinced me.
They convinced me.
The police will release the victim's name after they have notified his next of kin.
I was notified immediately of Tom's arrival.
Tom should be notified.
Tom should be notified as soon as possible.
Why wasn't I notified?
Why wasn't Tom notified?
Why wasn't I notified about this immediately?
I want to be notified the moment Tom arrives.
I realize now there's no other solution.
You're ruining my life.
He has nothing.
Tom has nothing.
She has nothing.
Mary has nothing.
She went to Paris to study arts.
They have nothing.
I know nothing.
He knows nothing.
Tom knows nothing.
She knows nothing.
Mary knows nothing.
We know nothing.
He surprised me.
Mary surprised me.
They surprised me.
You need a hand, don't you?
He needs a hand.
Tom needs a hand.
She needs a hand.
That cold shake is full of protein.
Is the night cold agreeable?
When life is too stressful, sexual function decreases.
The hamster has stuffed cheeks.
They danced cheek to cheek.
That's probably the best idea to begin with.
What am I going to do now then? I'll just burst into tears.
What is the name for a sentence that contains all letters of the alphabet?
Tom became bored with teaching and he looked for a new job.
We shared the money evenly amongst the three of us.
She accepted her offer.
He accepted his offer.
He accepted her offer.
Where the hell did you grow up, Lindsay?
I have bought a new fire extinguisher.
Is that fire extinguisher working?
I'm your teacher.
He's stark crazy.
Mrs. Green taught me English.
Mussolini was a dictator.
It was a publicity stunt.
Mary needs a hand.
We need a hand.
They need a hand.
I added one.
I activated one.
I adjusted one.
I assembled one.
I ate one.
I baked one.
I boiled one.
I bought one.
I borrowed one.
I broke one.
I brought one.
I brought one in.
I brought one out.
I built one.
I buried one.
I burnt one.
I came across one.
I captured one.
I carried one.
I checked one.
I chopped one down.
I chipped one.
I chose one.
I cleaned one.
I commented on one.
I cooked one.
I beat one.
I copied one.
I corrected one.
I crushed one.
I covered one.
I cracked one.
I cut one down.
I damaged one.
I decorated one.
I deleted one.
I described one.
I dirtied one.
I disassembled one.
I discovered one.
I drank one.
I drove one.
I drowned one.
I dug one.
I dug one up.
I completed one.
I erased one.
I examined one.
I filled one.
I finished one.
I finished one off.
I fixed one.
I folded one.
I followed one.
I fried one.
I gave one.
I gave one for free.
I gave one to charity.
I gelded one.
I got one.
I got one back.
I brought one back.
I gave one back.
I got rid of one.
I closed one.
I grilled one.
I had one.
I heard one.
I heated one.
I hid one.
I hit one.
I hung one.
I installed one.
I ironed one.
I kept one.
I killed one.
I forgot one.
I learnt one.
I left one.
I lent one.
I lifted one up.
I lighted one.
I enjoy reading books.
I locked one.
I lost one.
I made one.
I mentioned one.
I milked one.
I missed one.
I moved one.
I needed one.
He didn't care about going to Heaven.
I opened one.
I ordered one.
I paid one.
I painted one.
I pasted one.
I peeled one.
I pegged one up.
I picked one.
I picked one up.
I pierced one.
I planted one.
I plucked one.
I prepared one.
I pressed one.
I programmed one.
I pruned one.
I published one.
I pulled one.
I pushed one.
I put one away.
I put one in the drawer.
I read one.
I received one.
I recognized one.
I recorded one.
I remembered one.
I rented one.
I repaired one.
I rewrote one.
I rinsed one.
I rolled one up.
I sang one.
I saved one.
I scaled one.
I sent one.
I set fire to one.
I sharpened one.
I blunted one.
I purchased one.
I edited one.
I shook one.
I shot one.
I signed one.
I skinned one.
I explained one.
I skipped one.
I bandaged one.
I sold one.
I asked for one.
I solved one.
I set one free.
I smelled one.
I dropped one.
I smoked one.
I spilled one.
I squeezed one.
I dusted one off.
I photographed one.
I felled one.
I squished one.
I steamed one.
I diced one.
I stepped on one.
I stopped one.
I stuck one.
I suggested one.
I knew one.
I drew one.
I started one.
I stole one.
I strangled one.
I swallowed one.
I switched one off.
I switched one on.
I downloaded one.
I tasted one.
I tested one.
I threw one.
I tightened one.
I took a close look at one.
I took a look at one.
I took one.
I took one in.
I took one out.
I removed one.
I took one off.
I stretched one.
I tore one.
I hired one.
I touched one.
I showed one.
I nailed one.
I crumbled one.
I cut one into slices.
I sliced one up.
I translated one.
I tried one.
I tried one on.
I measured one.
I sacrificed one.
I turned one off.
I turned one on.
I sheared one.
I uncorked one.
I unearthed one.
I unfolded one.
I understood one.
I deciphered one.
I uploaded one.
I used one.
I located one.
I visited one.
I wanted one.
I answered one.
I washed one.
I rode one.
I climbed one.
I watered one.
I welded one.
I wetted one.
I won one.
I wore one.
I wrote one.
I scared one away.
I shot one down.
I injured one.
I tossed one to Tom.
I let one pass.
I liked one.
I thought of one.
I sat on one.
I melted one.
I sewed one on.
He activated nothing.
You activated nothing.
You added nothing.
You adjusted nothing.
You asked for nothing.
You assembled nothing.
You ate nothing.
You baked nothing.
You boiled nothing.
You borrowed nothing.
I took aim at one.
You broke nothing.
You brought nothing.
You bought nothing.
You brought nothing back.
You brought nothing in.
You brought nothing out.
You buried nothing.
You burnt nothing.
I cancelled one.
I dismissed one.
You captured nothing.
You carried nothing.
I caught one.
You caught nothing.
He caught nothing.
How old must a child be to be able to stay at home alone?
Do you have a sunscreen?
Barium is a chemical element with the symbol Ba.
The meter per second is the SI unit for velocity. Its symbol is m/s.
Thirteen days from now will be Miss Earth coronation.
They searched the area between the river, the farmhouse, and the woods.
I am so happy and honored to finally meet her in person.
I'll give R$ 50.to whoever succeeds in balancing this ball on the head.
I've watched television.
I tried to help him, but I couldn't.
A pooch dubbed "Underdog" was rescued today after it plunged the equivalent of storeys into an open pit diamond mine in South Africa.
Did you hear the story about the bungee jumper who died because he miscalculated the height of each storey before diving off a building?
Relax when talking to me, boy. I'm not your sister.
Thunder was heard all night long.
Those are not fish.
We must counterattack.
That's a very insidious disease. You don't notice it until it's too late.
Everyone's idea is different.
Will a referendum soon give Corsica back its independence?
You've got some cheek!
They decided to close the factory.
She accepted the proposal up to a certain point.
I got tired from all the running around.
I don't like fatty foods.
Did she intend to come to Germany?
Despite his weak faith, the priest blessed him.
This dog is trained to bark at strangers.
Let's go for a coffee?
He couldn't control his anger.
For kosher meat I go to the butcher of my choice.
Ferdinand won't give the speech because he's got a cough.
I'd never go out with a married woman!
Dad's bald like a billiard ball.
The revolt happened day by day.
The news is good today.
He has some mannerisms.
Gustavo went straight home.
I never regretted the choices I made.
Not only does Bob play the guitar, but also the flute.
Not only does Tom play the harmonica, he plays the guitar, too.
You should tell him about that in advance.
The trees by the road were chopped down.
I hope it helps!
I'm pretty hungry!
Playing someone else's harmonica is like using someone else's toothbrush.
Kissing a person who smokes is like licking an ashtray.
Until the teacher appeared, the children were running amok in the classroom.
If everyone shouts at once, we won't be able to hear what the Prime Minister has to say.
Tom looked so contrite that for a moment Mary nearly believed that he really was sorry for what he had said.
Ringing its bell, the train runs over the guard's foot.
I've never been robbed.
I've got hundreds of music folders on my PC.
May your desire be satisfied.
Obama focused on the financial crisis.
They are so skinny.
She abhored violence.
She activated the account.
She added milk to the coffee.
She adjusted the clock.
She answered the questions.
You answered nothing.
She asked a question.
She assembled the motor.
I arrested one.
She arrested the thief.
She asked for a pen.
I booked one.
She bores the students.
She boiled an egg.
She blunted the knife.
She believed the story.
She beat the enemy.
She bandaged the wound.
She made noise.
She breast-fed the baby.
She borrowed the ruler.
She broke a glass.
She brought a broom.
She built a shelter.
She burnt a sheet of paper.
She corrected the error.
She dialled the number.
She despised her husband.
She detested the manager.
She deserved a prize.
She deserved the prize.
She denied the accusation.
She demoted an officer.
She decorated the classroom.
She collected stamps.
She changed the date.
She convinced the teacher.
She caught a mouse.
She carried a suitcase.
She captured a bird.
She cancelled an appointment.
She called a friend.
She called a doctor.
She bought a coat.
She buried a dog.
She gambled the money.
She checked the mailbox.
She chipped a cup.
She chose a hat.
She climbed a tree.
She closed a door.
She came across a wolf.
She came across a scorpion.
She commented on a picture.
She cooked the meat.
She copied a sentence.
He stuck to his beliefs and accomplished a difficult task.
Don't just stand around, lend a hand.
She covered the car.
In Germany you're a minor if you're younger than years old.
The behaviour of many people is questionable.
I want your help about business.
The petrol pump attendant wasn't very thrilled when we only bought a newspaper from him.
Some people will find his behaviour strange.
She cracked the vase.
She crumbled a biscuit.
She crushed a sheet of paper.
She cut down a tree.
She cut a tomato into slices.
She dismissed a gardener.
She disturbed the neighbors.
She did her duty.
She earned money.
She ate a doughnut.
She enjoyed the movie.
She explained the word.
She felt the pain.
She found a handkerchief.
I listened to the news on the radio.
She fired a maid.
She fixed a computer.
I'm reading this newspaper.
She followed a car.
Have you got anything with you?
She fooled her parents.
She forgave her husband.
She made fun of a student.
She got the thief.
The socially needy receive an additional allowance.
She hated bats.
She had a watch.
She heard a noise.
She had a headache.
She helped a student.
She helped a patient.
She hid a necklace.
She hired a driver.
The gentle murmur of the mountain stream helped Tom calm himself.
She held a rope.
She ignored the warning.
She joined a group.
She joined the army.
She knew the number.
She left a message.
She lied to the policeman.
She liked the scarf.
She looked at the dress.
She lost an earring.
She lost money.
She lost weight.
She loved the apartment.
She made pancakes.
She made rice.
She made it.
She met a friend.
The Peace Corps, which gave youth volunteers a chance to serve overseas, was created under the auspices of the United States Department of State.
She met a businessman.
She misled a customer.
She misled the students.
She missed her son.
She needed a hammer.
She noticed a change.
She notified the police.
She ordered an ice cream.
She paid a bill.
She played chess.
She protected the weak.
She relied on her brother.
She relied on a friend.
She respected her sister.
She rewrote the poem.
She read an article.
She remembered a name.
She asked for a raise.
She accelerated her car.
She saved the puppy.
She saved money.
She scared the children.
She saw a snake.
She saw a cartoon.
She married a doctor.
Tom watched a cartoon with his children after dinner.
She sold a refrigerator.
She shot a dog.
Tom sold his old refrigerator to Mary.
She sat on a chair.
She smoked a cigarette.
She smiled at a passer-by.
Tom asked his boss for a raise.
She started an argument.
She stole a camera.
She had a stomach ache.
She stopped a passer-by.
She surprised her husband.
She took a spoon.
She took aim at the deer.
She took aim at a deer.
She told a secret.
She told a tale.
She suggested a solution.
She texted a friend.
She trusted a co-worker.
She tried a new technique.
She used a compass.
She visited a temple.
She wanted a bicycle.
She warned a student.
She washed the car.
She wasted time.
She watched a news channel.
She damaged a machine.
She deciphered a message.
She deleted a file.
She described the suspect.
She diced a carrot.
She dirtied a sheet.
She disassembled a TV set.
Can we go for a walk?
Do we have to go there?
Can we go to the circus?
That's what you wanted, isn't it?
What are you doing this for?
Is that what you mean?
That's what Tom requested.
That's what Tom thought.
That's what Tom wanted.
Are you going to cry?
Are we going to lose?
What's been going on?
Are you going to come?
It's going to be tricky.
What can Tom do?
How can we help?
When did Tom get home?
Didn't you get my message?
Where did you get that sweater?
Nobody got on the plane.
That would be unwise.
How would you do that?
That would be prudent.
Tom said he would be here.
Does it make a difference?
Even though I spoke French, they didn't understand.
She discovered a diamond.
She downloaded an antivirus.
That's all we know for sure.
Did you know that was there?
Did you know Tom personally?
How did you know Tom was here?
How did you know Tom was sick?
That's about it for today.
Everything's about to change.
Would you know if anything is missing?
What do you know about what happened?
What do you know about Tom's family?
How did you know Tom wasn't the thief?
How did Tom know what was going on here?
That's not going to happen.
That's not going to happen, and you know it.
Tom was attacked by a stray dog.
We don't know what it is, but we know what it isn't.
Who knew about this?
Nobody knew Tom was here.
Today it's Wednesday, isn't it?
It would have been unfortunate if it had fails.
You shaped the clay into a vase.
I often confuse Spanish vowels.
Do not steal, do not lie, do not be lazy.
Welsh is an official language in Wales and Chubut.
We had a debate about this in my class.
Tom works for a food bank.
She drank a glass of milk.
She drank milk.
She drew a tree.
She dropped the glass.
She drove a van.
She drowned a cat.
She dug a hole.
She dusted off an old lamp.
I waited for one.
She edited an article.
She erased a word.
She twisted evidence.
She examined a report.
She explained a joke.
She felled an oak.
She filled a bottle.
We always say that.
She finished a bottle.
She finished the wolf off.
She folded a blanket.
He always says that.
She always says that.
She forgot a name.
She fried an egg.
She gave an apple to Tom.
She gave a bone to the dog.
Final Fantasy is not a film, but a videogame.
She gave the dictionary back.
I say this every day.
She gave a hat for free.
She gave a piano to charity.
She gelded a foal.
She got rid of a bad habit.
She grilled a steak.
She had a baby.
She heated the milk.
She hit her sister.
She injured a co-worker.
This is really wonderful!
Without hesitation, we set to asking riddles and telling tales.
Aebat, without saying goodbye, stepped through the gate.
Michale smiled, wanted to say something, but didn't dare.
Tomorrow's job must be thought through yesterday.
I didn't believe the old man at all.
I didn't believe a word my grandfather said.
I think you're telling lies.
They have three children, and none speaks English.
I tried to dissuade my daughter-in-law, but she didn't listen to me.
I'll have to talk to my daughter about things heart-to-heart.
Will you shut your mouth or not?
Don't pull, or you'll tangle the threads.
I'm a teacher of Spanish for foreigners, so believe me, I know what I'm talking about.
The love that I suffer from is a shameful disease.
Let him not doubt my words. They're true.
Sorry that I love you.
Thanks for the translation. But please choose another flag!
He now has the password.
I'm violently sick.
I was astonished that she had done it.
I can't forget about what has happened.
Since when has Marcus been living here?
How long does it take to get to the Hilton hotel from here?
Otsvoyen decided to attract the guy's attention at any price.
The mother tickled her child with a feather.
He's not much better than a beggar.
The dictator tried in vain to get out of the awkward situation.
His brother bullied me.
He held a session.
It's not quite normal.
The engine works well.
Subjected to torture, he confessed to the crime that he hadn't committed.
What makes the earth spin?
I have dinner between seven and eight.
I have dinner between seven and eight o'clock.
Who threw this stone through that window?
Let go of the handle.
Could you go to the store?
I'd rather die than surrender!
Why do we have to go anywhere?
That's what I've been thinking.
What did Tom do for you?
What did Tom write?
It's going to be great.
Is Tom going to be OK?
That's not going to change.
That isn't going to change.
Have you become insane?
Things are going to change.
We're not going anywhere.
Everything is going to be fine.
The show's going to be great.
There's going to be trouble.
When can you leave?
Did you get the job?
Until Thursday!
How are we going to get home?
See you Thursday!
Oh, I'm a total idiot!
She looked at her cell phone and noticed that it was already a quarter till two.
On a neighbor's horse, the burden isn't heavy.
What's the most popular entertainment?
Is he planning on helping us?
Does he intend to help us?
How did you get my number?
How do you get this stuff?
How did you get in my house?
How did you get to be a cop?
What did you do to get grounded?
I think you're stylish.
Does Tom plan to help us?
Does Tom intend to help us?
Will Tom help us?
Let's go play football!
Whatever you do, do it as well as you can.
Whatever you do, do it as well as possible.
Whatever you do, do it as best you can.
Go.
Every road leads to the end of the world.
I guess you didn't get my message.
That would be inappropriate.
Did we make a difference?
My sister likes looking after my son, but still I'm the one who has to change his nappy all the time.
Give me some water, and make it quick!
He is abrupt, but is, in fact, a good-natured person.
The text above is written in Basque.
Tatoeba was translated into Basque in the summer of 2010.
It was updated in autum 2013.
I hope you will profit it!
I took all the coins out of my piggy bank because I didn't have any money and wasn't getting paid until next week.
This company is famous for its high-quality production.
I've never gotten married, because I've got three pets at home who serve the same purpose as a husband. I've got a dog who snarls every morning, a parrot who curses all afternoon, and a cat who comes home late at night.
I really love your eldest sister.
What were you going to say?
What were you going to do?
What will that prove?
What will they do to us?
What will you say?
What would make you say that?
What was it Tom said?
That would be my guess.
I don't go to the movies alone because I like to talk to someone about the movie afterwards.
Mr and Mrs Siqueira are Helena's parents.
His name isn't boy. It's John.
Sulphur is a chemical element with the symbol S.
John became paralyzed upon seeing that scene.
Because I didn't know what to do, I asked him for advice.
The plane disappeared in the twinkle of an eye.
I was tired, so I went to bed early.
Not all verbs require an object.
This is a strange behaviour when it comes to rats.
You're being too kind to me.
She is a dull and ugly girl. I don't understand why she's so admired.
Turn off the air conditioner; it's cold in here.
In case of whatever difficulty, you may ask.
Don't leave empty-handed.
It's possible for a ball of lead to float on water.
Tom wanted to say something, but he felt that it would be better if he didn't.
I am absolutely fallible.
Electric cars are getting popular.
On Tatoeba, you can't translate more than sentences on a page.
It'd be a pleasure to be a godmother to your son!
I will probably be given a car by my dad and I would feel happy about it if that happened.
There is no such thing as a saint, so do not try to appear to be one.
That would be ironic, wouldn't it?
The tour's going great.
The war's been going on for years.
There's going to be a wedding.
The meeting isn't going to be rescheduled.
Are you going to the meeting?
Are you worried about the competition?
Do they know you're here?
Do they know what happened?
Nobody would've gotten hurt if we'd been more careful.
None of this would have been necessary if we had followed Tom's advice.
No, we'll never become humans!
Pretend nothing's going on.
Please get to work.
It'll be painless.
It'll be risky.
It'll be hard.
It'll be dangerous.
The main thing on Tatoeba is not to utter ideas above your stomach and below your knees.
It'll get worse.
Evacuation will be difficult.
Everything will be all right.
Someone will be with you in a moment.
It will be difficult, but not impossible.
Listen and I'll explain.
Have a seat. I'll be with you in a minute.
Sit down. I'll be with you in a moment.
Some people, looking at the bright Sun, seek for stains only.
Before his departure, the saint counseled old man Mickal.
Few townsmen know which sacred day is which.
Many decisions are not closely related to life.
The title of the book seemed interesting.
Evidently, no one can resist reading the ballad "Chavayn" by Olyk Ipay.
Although my strength has started to give out, I do not want to show my weakness to people.
What did you get this time?
What do we know about Tom?
What's going on at work?
Why is Tom sleeping?
Why is Tom late?
Why was Tom frightened?
When can we leave?
When can we start?
When can we get started?
Where did we get that information?
From time to time lightning flashes, and thunder rumbles dully.
Have you ever cried because of a woman?
After being away for a long time, Osyp changed markedly.
I like a spring evening with a quiet sunset.
What's Tom going to do for us?
What're we going to do?
Sometimes all we have is our dreams.
Would you all relax?
I'll be done by 2:30.
I'll be in Boston.
I'll do it anyway.
I'll get by.
I'll get it for you.
I'll get my tools.
I'll get ready.
I'll get the ladder.
I'll go and get them.
I'll go for a walk.
I'll go get it for you.
I'll go get my car.
I'll go get the broom.
I'll go in first.
I'll go upstairs.
I'll leave.
I'll make it simple.
I'll make you a deal.
I'll make you a drink.
I'll stop.
I'll talk.
I'll tell you all about it.
Tom was surprised by Mary's choice of words.
You have no choice in the matter.
Tom has no choice but to remain.
Tom has no choice but to leave.
We have no choice but to try.
You have a choice to make.
You're not as clever as you think.
We need a new strategy.
We need a completely new strategy.
I was as surprised by Tom's arrest as you were.
I was as surprised by Tom's refusal as you were.
I was as surprised by Tom's death as you were.
Tom entered the room and turned on the lights.
Are these my socks or yours?
In short, he was wrong.
I don't understand the problem.
What day of the week is it?
That's the second time I proved the answer key wrong.
There is an answer key in the back of the book.
Don't forget to make an answer key.
Today we know that George Orwell was an optimist.
Skype used to be secure. It used to be end-to-end encrypted. Then it was sold to the United States. Today, it no longer is secure.
Do you have disposition to obesity?
She is always finding fault with me.
Tatoeba is an interesting playing field for smartasses.
I need a lot of them.
She installed a program.
If I were you, I wouldn't do this.
She installed a security camera.
She ironed a skirt.
Tom has a posterior hip dislocation.
She kept a rabbit.
She kept the letter.
Parents are responsible for their children's crimes.
She learnt a new technique.
I constantly talk to myself.
She lent a book to Tom.
Make a hole in the bone with a drill.
She let a student leave.
The sickness has weakened your organism.
She let a stranger in.
She let the dog out.
She left for Boston.
She gave a lift to a co-worker.
She lifted the box up.
She feared for her life.
She questioned a suspect.
She signed over the car to Tom.
She murdered her husband.
She interrogated a suspect.
She defended herself.
She traveled all the way from Algeria to testify.
She lighted a cigarette.
She locked a door.
She locked up a suspect.
She measured the length of the room.
She melted snow.
She mentioned a name.
She milked a goat.
She missed a target.
She missed the train.
She moved a chair.
She nailed a board.
She painted a wall.
She pasted a notice on the wall.
She opened a window.
She peeled a potato.
She peeked inside.
She pegged a dress up.
She took a photograph of the house.
She took photographs of a house.
She picked up a fork.
She drove a student to school.
She identified the victim.
For this test, I bought a voltage tester.
She pierced her own nose.
She planted a palm tree.
She plucked a chicken.
She plugged up a hole.
She plugged in a printer.
She pinched her nostrils.
She pinched her sister.
She poked her sister in the eye with a stick.
She poked her nose into her sister's business.
She poked fun at her classmate.
She poured her sister a glass of water.
She poured hot water over herself.
She pressed a button.
She programmed her computer.
She pruned a tree.
She published a book.
She pulled a rope.
She purchased an apartment.
She denied any involvement in the murder.
She pushed the car.
She pushed the chair away.
She put the rifle away.
She put the comb in the drawer.
She received a parcel.
She recognized a friend.
It can sometimes be difficult to find out where an oil leak in a car engine is actually coming from.
I've got a squeaking noise in my brand new car, and do you think I can find where it's coming from?
Sometimes you get lucky.
Supper's getting cold.
Tell me all about it.
Tell them who you are.
Tell us about yourself.
Tell us about yourself and your family.
That would be incredible.
That would be impossible.
That would be inadvisable.
That's what Tom does best.
This isn't about money.
This is what you wanted, right?
What did Tom decide?
What good's that going to do?
Where did it all begin?
Why did you do all this?
It wasn't all bad.
How did you get my address?
Are you going to say anything?
Are you going to be there?
Can we get together for lunch?
Can you make it in time?
Did Tom say who did it?
Did you make coffee?
Give Tom the $300.
How did you know it was going to happen?
How would you know about that?
It was all a dream.
I will write you tomorrow.
This will not cost too much.
After that, I get up.
"From the back through the chest in the eye" - so you can describe their procedure, because it is not possible to imagine a more complicated way to write a program.
It's a chemistry fundamentals class.
I don't like to make bets.
She'll only come if he comes too.
My GPS device was stolen.
He was lost in thought.
He always learns things.
Let's stay friends forever.
You don't have much money but I'm happy because I'm with you.
I went on a picnic last weekend.
The weather of Japan is hotter than England's.
Let's go to a Japanese restaurant!
You are not an idiot!
Aluminium and glass are important materials in civil construction, even though not as important as steel and wood, for instance.
What gets me is having to do the same boring job, all day every day.
Mary's constant nagging really got to Tom after a while.
What makes you think that?
A sober-minded man adapts himself to outward things; a reckless man tries to adapt outward things to himself. That's why progress depends on reckless people.
The younger a country, the more vigorously it tries to acquire its history.
She recorded a few sentences.
She removed the yolk from the egg.
She rented a room.
She let a room.
The train from Krakow to Warsaw had to stop because of a young Muslim who had started to say a Mohammedan prayer.
Why do you believe others' words?
She repaired a ventilator.
She rinsed the dishes.
She rode a pony.
She rolled up her sleeves.
She sacrificed the dearest thing she had.
She sacrificed her life.
She scaled a fish.
She scared a bear away.
If the governments devalue the currency in order to betray all creditors, you politely call this procedure "inflation".
She set fire to a tent.
She set a bird free.
This singer has a beautiful voice.
She sang a song.
The young woman, after running up the stairs, opened the door of the house.
She sewed a button on.
Where's he wandering about?
If you see, let me know.
Autumn is beautiful in its own way.
Do you believe in miracles? You don't? But they believe in you.
Sometimes miracles come to see people.
What fruit is your brother seeing?
The composer Johann Sebastian Bach died in the year 1750.
She sharpened a knife.
Could there be people who don't know even a single English word?
Constructed languages either are simplified as much as possible, or their grammar lacks the harmony peculiar to natural languages. Both disadvantages emasculate the language.
It was French. I could tell by his accent.
She sheared a ewe.
She shook hands with a co-worker.
I will prescribe a febrifuge to you.
She shot down a helicopter.
She showed a picture.
Did you know that he's good at making coffee?
She signed a check.
She skinned a wolf.
She skipped a class.
We had extremely good yields this year.
She sliced a tomato up.
The situation this year is unprecedented.
We had a bumper crop this year.
Canadian wheat prices are forecast to decrease.
Math is the subject that I want to learn least of all.
The birds' beautiful singing was heard among the trees.
If a man kills a tiger, they say it's sport. If a tiger kills a man, they say it's brutality.
She solved a case.
We need to hide the corpse.
She spilled coffee on the table.
My parents are against my marriage.
We're working here, and he's just watching.
She showed us her mother's photo.
This house is a very beautiful one.
The fault is not mine but yours.
The picture is on the wall.
In comparison with Yapyk, Toyplat is a little stronger.
He's not mature enough to live alone.
No doctor is perfect.
She squeezed a lemon.
My mother is slicing the cake into eight pieces.
She squished a cockroach.
He speaks French and, of course, English.
She steamed a potato.
It's so nice.
Nobody had the courage to say it to him.
She stepped on a mushroom.
She stuck a poster on the wall.
She strangled a cat.
Have you calibrated your monitor?
You need to collimate the telescope.
This instrument needs to be calibrated.
His talent for dancing impressed everyone.
Don't worry, everything will be fine.
Don't worry. I said everything would be good.
Now the floor is mine.
Mary thinks she's beautiful.
Mary is arrogant about her beauty.
Calm down! Don't get nervous!
Reality is scary.
The world is not as scary as you think.
I thoroughly analyzed the issue and quite clearly showed what no scientist doubts at the present time.
Can you recommend an appropriate dictionary?
Take her back.
It goes without saying that he's a clever man.
As she doesn't want to be cheated again, she's always on the alert.
There's something I should know.
It isn't going to hurt.
It was all planned.
It was all an accident.
It was all a trick.
It was all my idea.
It's going to be fun.
It's going to be hard.
It's going to be fine.
It's not at all typical.
That could've gone better.
Thanks for doing all this.
That would be foolish.
That would be fantastic.
That's all that mattered.
That's all they wanted.
The plane's going down.
What's going on with you?
Tom showed us a picture of Mary.
Tom said that he thought he smelled something burning.
It's your fault, not mine.
Tom skipped all of his afternoon classes today.
Tom smelled Mary's perfume as soon as he entered the room.
Thanks again for your help.
Where did you get that suit?
You can easily get sick in a climate like this.
Some of them are clever.
Tom noticed the door was unlocked.
Tom entered the room and closed the door.
Do whatever you can.
She stretched the rope.
She swallowed a coin.
She switched a lamp off.
She switched on a machine.
She tasted a cake.
She tested an engine.
She threw a bag away.
She thought of a solution.
She tightened the bolts.
She took a close look at the ring.
She took a look at the dress.
She took an umbrella.
She took a flowerpot in.
She took a glove off.
She took a table out.
I took one down.
She took a picture down.
She tore a photograph.
She tossed a ball to Tom.
She touched a toad.
She translated a poem.
She tried a coat on.
She uncorked a bottle.
She unearthed a box.
She unfolded a blanket.
Tom took his gloves off.
She understood a sentence.
Tom took off his gloves.
She uploaded a video.
She waited for a taxi.
She washed a carpet.
She watered a tree.
She welded a pipe.
She wetted a towel.
She won a phone.
She wore a mask.
A man was accused of killing his wife.
She wore a vest.
Tom welded the two pipes together.
I got two for the price of one.
I was able to buy two for the price of one.
That seems suspicious.
She wrote a short story.
She activated an account.
Don't tell anyone that I told you.
I think Tom knows the truth about what happened.
Tom may not be the only one who knows what happened.
Maybe it won't make a difference.
It won't be easy, but I'll manage.
You can do whatever you want.
Maybe it won't make any difference.
Only take whatever you can get in one suitcase.
What do you think of this one?
Only take what you can get in one suitcase.
That's where our preferences differ.
I hope this will make it easier to get a grasp of the meaning and to memorize the newly learnt words.
But now I know your view on this matter a bit better and I'll try to understand it.
It would be unfortunate if he were to fail.
She was no longer dependent on her parents.
Please specify profit after taxes, amortisation, etc.
Which is the operating profit in the same period?
Ah, that's life!
Our baby is growing up day by day.
Tell me what happened to him.
Bill speaks Japanese a little.
It is war's prize to take all vantages, and ten to one is no impeach of valour.
In the Palatinate the pastor goes to church with a pipe.
United States want to be the World unique superpower.
Watch Tom for a moment, will you?
Give us a hand, will you?
Hold this for me, will you?
Have you known Tom long?
Have you made friends?
Go get Tom a blanket.
Everything's going to get better.
Everybody knows Tom did it.
Don't get discouraged.
Do you know who did this?
Do you know all these people?
Did you get anything?
Can we get closer?
All we can do is wait.
All we can do is hope.
My parents were opposed to our marriage.
I want to talk to Tom privately.
That house is haunted.
I saw the sunrise.
I watched the birds on the balcony while drinking my coffee.
"Why is everything white?" "Because of the snow."
Tom can watch his snowglobe for hours.
How do they make snow globes?
Do wishes come true?
Tom's wish was granted.
Her wish was granted.
My life is falling apart.
When Tom woke up, everything was covered with snow.
They built a snowman together.
Tom and Mary built a snowman.
Impossible things sometimes happen.
Seemingly impossible things sometimes happen.
It's super simple!
The temperature is lower than usual.
Her cheeks reddened.
Mary made a cute snowman out of styrofoam balls and an old sock.
I'm not sure if I'm in love with her.
I'm not sure if I'm in love with him.
She sat in the chair besides the window.
These thick wool stockings will keep your legs warm.
It felt like a kick in the stomach.
Tom wants a telescope.
Will Tom be joining us?
Tom's parents weren't home.
Tom is still a student.
There's a lot we don't know.
There's a lot we still don't know.
There's a lot I still don't know about my job.
Her heart fluttered as he entered the room.
That's really awesome.
"Do you have a boyfriend?" "No and that's actually a good thing." "Why is that? Did you have a bad experience?" "Yes, you could perhaps say that!"
What are you doing here? You can't come in here!
If you are not willing to learn, no one can help you. If you are determined to learn, no one can stop you.
He seemed like a nice guy at first.
He seemed like such a nice guy.
At first, he seemed like the perfect guy.
Why can't vacation last forever?
You need formal clothes to go.
Will you give me your telephone number?
You've got all the reason in the world.
What color are your eyes?
Those textiles are of the same quality.
If you don't play honestly, I will stop playing with you.
The despot was seen surrounded by demonstrators.
Put all jokes aside!
I'm really excited about this.
The sentence is OK.
We slept in a very small tent.
The big secret's finally out.
I can't believe I'm actually seeing this.
I can't believe I'm actually doing this.
The earth is a planet.
Tom earned some money by mowing lawns.
When Tom told Mary to feel right at home, he was secretly hoping that she'd go and wash up the dishes in the kitchen.
I passed, so I deserved it.
Do you know her address? I'm thinking of inviting her out.
I'm sure she loves me.
Let's hope that everything goes well.
He'll confess, sooner or later.
Running is cleaner than stagnant water.
Leukocytes are blood cells.
I wasn't able to reenroll.
Let me know if anything strange happens.
This is clearer than water.
What's that, buddy?
My father will retire at 60.
What do you want me to listen to?
No one saw us.
Why did you make that deal?
What's Tom going to say?
This will have to wait.
That would be creepy.
That would be confusing.
That would be crazy.
What would you have said?
What would you have done differently?
Why are we going this way?
Why didn't you make Tom stop?
Maybe you'll get that job.
That's what we were told.
That wouldn't be smart.
She'll confess, sooner or later.
It's not up for debate.
What are we up against?
I was just catching up on paperwork.
What're you up to tonight?
What's Tom up to nowadays?
It's not up for discussion.
What's Tom up to these days?
Shut up and don't say a thing.
She shot an arrow at the deer.
What are you doing up this early?
What are you doing up this late?
What are you doing up at this hour?
Turn it upside down.
Why did you turn it upside down?
Why is it upside down?
Who turned this upside down?
What did Tom have to say about that?
Who's going to notice?
What do you say we get to work?
After dinner, she usually sleeps.
Take all the time you need.
Take all the time you want.
What time is it in Boston?
Do you know what time it is?
Do you know what time it is in Boston?
What did Tom do time for?
Why was Tom in prison?
Why did Tom spend time in prison?
She sends us flowers.
Africa is a very large continent.
Tom sent flowers to his mother on her birthday.
Waking up is the opposite of falling asleep.
His ability came from a wonderful natural talent, not from years of experience.
C-has landed.
I'm always eating in restaurants, but I prefer homemade foods.
Be nice and cook for your friend.
What time did you get to bed last night?
What time did Tom go to bed?
No, my parents are actually residing in Minas and Sao Paulo.
It's time for your medicine.
Do we have time for a cup of coffee?
It was a waste of time for all of us.
It's time to get serious.
What time did you start?
It's time for your shot.
It's time for the truth.
It's time we talked.
Please have it finished by this time tomorrow.
Keep to your left.
Turn up the heat.
If I gave you this doll, I would miss it.
I am very grateful of you.
Do you remember the time we went to the zoo together when we were kids?
Thank you for your time and effort.
It'll be done by the time you get here.
It'll be finished by the time you get here.
You'll look beautiful in this embroidered gown!
The timing will be crucial.
Your timing was excellent.
Your timing is perfect.
She fell of her horse.
Is there going to be trouble?
It has to be there somewhere.
Is there anything in this box you can use?
You can't park on this street.
