I think Tom already knows.
I think Tom and John are identical twins.
I think Tom and Mary are right.
I think Tom believed me.
I think Tom believes everything Mary says.
I think Tom came here to tell us something important.
I think Tom can help.
I think Tom could be persuaded to help.
I think Tom could be sick.
I think Tom could do better.
I think Tom deserves that.
I think Tom did a really nice job.
I think Tom did it.
I think Tom did something he shouldn't have.
I think Tom did that.
I think Tom did the best he could.
I think Tom did this.
I think Tom did well.
I think Tom died.
I think Tom felt a bit threatened.
I think Tom forgot his camera.
I think Tom gave up too easily.
I think Tom gets the idea.
I think Tom got scared.
I think Tom had a good reason.
I think Tom had a great time.
I think Tom has a crush on Mary.
I think Tom has a plan.
I think Tom has a valid point.
I think Tom has been here already.
I think Tom has been here.
I think Tom has gone away.
I think Tom has gone.
I think Tom has made a mistake.
I think Tom has seen too much.
I think Tom injured himself.
I think Tom is a little too optimistic.
I think Tom is a nice name.
I think Tom is a student.
I think Tom is afraid of you.
I think Tom is asleep.
I think Tom is awake.
I think Tom is cheating.
I think Tom is confused.
I think Tom is dangerous.
I think Tom is dying.
I think Tom is finally asleep.
I think Tom is following me.
I think Tom is getting ready.
I think Tom is going to be all right.
I think Tom is going to be OK.
I think Tom is going to call you.
I think Tom is going to die.
I think Tom is going to like it here.
I think Tom is here already.
I think Tom is hiding from Mary.
I think Tom is hurt.
I think Tom is in his office.
I think Tom is in love with you.
I think Tom is in love.
I think Tom is in the front yard.
I think Tom is in the garden.
I think Tom is jealous of you.
I think Tom is just a little scared.
I think Tom is lonely.
I think Tom is looking at us.
I think Tom is looking for us.
I think Tom is OK.
I think Tom is pulling your leg.
I think Tom is ready.
I think Tom is scared.
I think Tom is serious.
I think Tom is sick.
I think Tom is sleeping.
I think Tom is smarter than that.
I think Tom is still alive.
I think Tom is still in love with Mary.
I think Tom is taking a nap.
I think Tom is the one who painted this fence.
I think Tom is up in the attic.
I think Tom isn't a very good singer.
I think Tom killed himself.
I think Tom killed Mary.
I think Tom kind of likes Mary.
I think Tom knew Mary.
I think Tom knows about John and Mary.
I think Tom knows more than he's admitting.
I think Tom knows what he's doing.
I think Tom liked it.
I think Tom likes me.
I think Tom looks like John.
I think Tom made a big mistake.
I think Tom may be hurt.
I think Tom may be mentally ill.
I think Tom may be right this time.
I think Tom may be sick.
I think Tom may be telling the truth.
I think Tom might be displeased.
I think Tom might be drunk.
I think Tom might be hungry.
I think Tom might feel the same way you do.
I think Tom might have poisoned himself.
I think Tom might have run away.
I think Tom might know something.
I think Tom might like that.
I think Tom misses Mary.
I think Tom moved to Boston.
I think Tom needs a vacation.
I think Tom needs me.
I think Tom needs medical attention.
I think Tom needs something.
I think Tom needs stitches.
I think Tom only speaks French.
I think Tom probably knows about it already.
I think Tom really enjoyed himself.
I think Tom really is a doctor.
I think Tom really likes you.
I think Tom said he was from Boston.
I think Tom said he'd be back.
I think Tom said his last name is Jackson.
I think Tom said that.
I think Tom should be warned.
I think Tom should do it.
I think Tom should go.
I think Tom should see this.
I think Tom should stay.
I think Tom told Mary about what we did last summer.
I think Tom understood that.
I think Tom used to date Mary.
I think Tom wanted my help.
I think Tom wants Mary's job.
I think Tom wants more.
I think Tom wants our help.
I think Tom wants something to write on.
I think Tom wants something to write with.
I think Tom wants to come with us.
I think Tom wants to kill himself.
I think Tom wants to see you.
I think Tom was born in Boston.
I think Tom was trying to warn us about something.
I think Tom went to Harvard.
I think Tom went upstairs.
I think Tom will be able to help.
I think Tom will be back.
I think Tom will like it.
I think Tom will listen to me.
I think Tom would agree with me.
I think Tom would disagree.
I think Tom would have liked that.
I think Tom would like that.
I think Tom would probably disagree with you.
I think Tom would tell the truth.
I think Tom's doing a good job.
I think Tom's idea is a good one.
I think Tom's leg is broken.
I think Tom's number is unlisted.
I think we all know the rules.
I think we all know what's happening.
I think we both know how Tom feels.
I think we both know why I'm here.
I think we both should leave.
I think we can do better.
I think we can do it.
I think we can do that.
I think we can finish this later.
I think we can handle it.
I think we can handle that.
I think we can handle the situation.
I think we can handle this.
I think we can help each other.
I think we can make it on time.
I think we can relax now.
I think we can trust Tom.
I think we can work something out.
I think we could help each other.
I think we found the problem.
I think we got Tom's attention.
I think we have a problem.
I think we have enough food.
I think we have enough money.
I think we have enough time.
I think we have enough.
I think we have some unfinished business.
I think we have to go.
I think we have to make a decision.
I think we have to risk it.
I think we have to tell Tom.
I think we lost Tom.
I think we made the right call.
I think we make a good team.
I think we may have a problem.
I think we may have met somewhere before.
I think we may have something that you'd be interested in buying.
I think we need a doctor.
I think we need more ice.
I think we need more information.
I think we need more water.
I think we need those.
I think we need to find out where Tom is.
I think we need to find out who Tom plans to give that to.
I think we need to find out why Tom wasn't here yesterday.
I think we need to go back to Boston.
I think we need to postpone the meeting.
I think we need to talk.
I think we need Tom.
I think we ought to change our policy.
I think we should all go inside.
I think we should all go outside.
I think we should all go to Tom's house.
I think we should all go together.
I think we should be allowed to go anywhere we want.
I think we should be getting back.
I think we should call the police.
I think we should call Tom.
I think we should celebrate.
I think we should follow Tom.
I think we should get help.
I think we should get out here.
I think we should go now.
I think we should go take a look.
I think we should head back.
I think we should look into it.
I think we should make a deal.
I think we should notify Tom's parents.
I think we should quit.
I think we should run.
I think we should sell our old car.
I think we should sit down.
I think we should stick together.
I think we should stop now.
I think we should take Tom home.
I think we should talk about this later.
I think we should talk about this now.
I think we should talk to Tom.
I think we should tell Tom.
I think we should wait until Tom gets here.
I think we should wait.
I think we were lucky.
I think we'd better be going.
I think we'd better get out of here.
I think we'd better start over again.
I think we'll be OK.
I think we'll be safe here.
I think we'll find Tom.
I think we're about ready.
I think we're all right.
I think we're being followed.
I think we're done here.
I think we're done.
I think we're even now.
I think we're even.
I think we're finished here.
I think we're going to be late.
I think we're going to be OK.
I think we're going to need it all.
I think we're going to need more money.
I think we're going to need more time.
I think we're going to need Tom's help.
I think we're in trouble.
I think we're out of gas.
I think we're pretty lucky.
I think we're related.
I think we're safe for a while.
I think we're safe here.
I think we've already wasted too much time.
I think we've got a problem.
I think we've made our point.
I think we've seen enough.
I think we've waited long enough.
I think we've wasted enough of our time.
I think we've wasted enough of your time.
I think what impressed me most was the way Tom could talk to just about anyone.
I think what Tom did was very brave.
I think what Tom did was very stupid.
I think what Tom is doing is amazing.
I think what Tom is doing is great.
I think what Tom is doing is terrific.
I think what Tom is doing is worthwhile.
I think you already have enough money to buy what you need.
I think you are the one who broke it.
I think you can handle it.
I think you deserve more than this.
I think you deserve this.
I think you did an excellent job.
I think you did great.
I think you did the right thing.
I think you did very well.
I think you dropped this.
I think you have a problem, Tom.
I think you have my umbrella.
I think you heard me.
I think you knew my father.
I think you know everyone here.
I think you know that.
I think you know that's impossible.
I think you know that's inappropriate.
I think you know that's not a good idea.
I think you know that's not true.
I think you know what I think.
I think you know what I'm talking about.
I think you know what Tom's girlfriend's name is.
I think you know what you should do.
I think you know who I'm talking about.
I think you know why I can't do that.
I think you know why I'm here.
I think you lied to me.
I think you like me.
I think you like Tom.
I think you look fine.
I think you look great.
I think you look hot.
I think you look like Tom.
I think you made the right choice.
I think you mentioned that last week.
I think you might be overreacting.
I think you might eventually change your mind.
I think you might have a drinking problem.
I think you might like it.
I think you might need me.
I think you might need my help.
I think you might need some help.
I think you misunderstood what I said.
I think you must be getting tired.
I think you must be mistaken.
I think you need a lawyer.
I think you need a vacation.
I think you need help.
I think you need some rest.
I think you need some sleep.
I think you need someone to talk to.
I think you need this.
I think you should find out what happened to Tom.
I think you should find out when Tom plans to leave.
I think you should find out where Tom went.
I think you should get started.
I think you should go.
I think you should leave now.
I think you should leave.
I think you should listen to me.
I think you should see this.
I think you should sit down.
I think you'd better leave now.
I think you'd better leave.
I think you're in danger.
I think you're probably right.
It is difficult to live easy.
I think you need to call Tom.
I think you need to leave now.
I think you ought to get a little sleep.
I think you ought to listen.
I think you ought to pay more attention in class.
I think you ought to postpone the meeting.
I think you ought to rest a while.
I think you owe me an explanation.
I think you owe me some money.
I think you panicked.
I think you really mean it.
I think you saw something.
I think you sent me the wrong document.
His dissertation contains nothing to criticize.
All that belongs to the past now.
After careful consideration, I have decided not to accept this offer.
There is no defense against an unexpected attack.
His logic is in no way defendable.
Children always find a reason to become friends.
Tom belongs to the postwar generation.
I'm asking you to tell me how you feel.
He takes everything as an occasion to make jokes.
I've got too many concerns in my head at the moment.
Don't make mistakes!
Did you know that Tom had left town?
I told you I hated that shirt.
You don't need the money.
I can always sleep no matter where I am.
I can always sleep wherever I am.
I like cats very much.
I saw Tom a few minutes ago.
The forest path had been utterly covered by snow.
That was the skirt that Mary bought yesterday.
This dress suits your style.
They escaped when the door was opened.
I will travel all around the world.
I taught Tom French three years ago.
I think I know what Tom is doing here.
The path through the forest was completely covered in snow.
No worries.
The rain didn't stop, and went on for the entire day.
The rain didn't stop, and went on for the whole day.
There's a book on my desk.
This medicine doesn't have any harmful side effects.
I intend to explore the current trends in the evolution of mass communication devices.
Men fight for gold with iron.
We had thought that he was a hero, but he turned out to be a traitor.
There's not a lot of time left until the meeting starts. Let's go inside and have a look at who's there.
Try this apple and tell me how it tastes.
Put the book on top of the others.
You like baseball?
Tom can't tie his shoes.
He asked us to be quiet.
They will be arriving by train at eleven.
The main issues of the company are highlighted by the report.
For a start, we have a very incomplete knowledge of the earth's biota.
Money will do nothing to it.
Tom often skips class.
I can't keep myself from laughing anymore.
His logic is in no way defensible.
His logic cannot be defended in any way.
A strong wind is blowing and I can't go fast.
He knew intuitively that she was lying.
I will gladly do my duty.
I regret what I said.
I can't hold back my laughter any longer.
That's all in the past now.
Children always find a reason to make friends.
Please tell me how you feel.
Paris did its best to defend its liberties.
I've been on the city council for five years.
The crowd went crazy when he got a goal.
The official language of Angola is Portuguese.
He wrote a letter dealing with the matter in all seriousness.
Not everyone can afford a car.
The climate in London is different to that of Tokyo.
He had the ambition to be a great politician.
Tom can't tie his shoelaces by himself.
Delusion is short-lived, but remorse lasts a long time.
I'd like a little help.
Tom can't tie his own shoes.
Tom can't tie his shoes by himself.
Tom doesn't know how to tie his shoes.
You want Tom to be good, don't you?
As a child, Van Horne collected fossils.
Why are there so many people?
None of these books are useful.
Will you be there Saturday?
The order is not fixed.
Why is there always a tall guy in front of me?
They say you are what you eat.
Are you an exchange student?
No matter what you say, I won't give up.
Tom and Mary acted like they'd never met each other before.
Tom and Mary always work together as a team.
Tom and Mary and their children all live together in a small house on the outskirts of Boston.
Tom and Mary answered simultaneously.
Tom and Mary appear surprised.
Tom and Mary approached together.
Tom and Mary are about to get married.
Tom and Mary are playing cards in the next room.
Tom and Mary are standing together.
Tom and Mary are still waiting.
Tom and Mary are trying to calm John down.
Tom and Mary both appear to be in a cheerful mood.
Tom and Mary both left the room at the same time.
Tom and Mary both look worried and exhausted.
Tom and Mary both looked shocked.
Tom and Mary both stared at John.
Tom and Mary exchanged looks.
Tom and Mary gaze at each other.
Tom and Mary laughed at each other.
Tom and Mary look exhausted.
Tom and Mary seem a little confused.
Tom and Mary smiled at each other.
Tom and Mary started walking.
Tom and Mary took their seats.
Tom and Mary were about to leave when John arrived.
Tom and Mary were still sleeping when John left for school.
I'm using a machine translation.
Tom and Mary are active members.
Tom and Mary are already inside.
Tom and Mary are arguing in the classroom.
Tom and Mary are arguing with each other.
Tom and Mary are arguing.
Tom and Mary are asleep in bed.
Tom and Mary are asleep.
Tom and Mary are at a table in a quiet corner.
Tom and Mary are at dinner.
Tom and Mary are at one of the tables in the back of the restaurant.
Tom and Mary are at the Hilton Hotel.
Tom and Mary are both present.
Tom and Mary danced with each other.
Tom and Mary were alone at home.
Tom and Mary were alone in the park.
Tom and Mary were alone in the elevator.
Tom and Mary were also in the car.
Tom and Mary were also in the room.
Tom and Mary were also present.
Tom and Mary were also there.
Tom and Mary were among the new arrivals.
Tom and Mary were among the ones who didn't come.
Tom and Mary were disgusted with each other.
I know it's kind of late, but would you mind if I came over now? I have something I need to discuss with you.
Where do I sleep?
I have two cats.
The bread is fresh.
Where is the blanket?
I work in a factory.
My night was amazing.
The woman is in the room.
The chairs are under the tree.
The apple is on the table.
The house is small.
The shirt is dirty.
For the convenience of blind passengers, on the Moscow metro the station announcements are in a male voice if you are moving towards the center of the city, and in a female one if you are moving away.
Tom's shoelaces are untied.
He can get the crowd dancing.
There isn't a Monday that would not cede its place to Tuesday.
I can read thoughts.
The hunger for facile wisdom is the root of all false philosophy.
The teacher mentioned offhandedly that there would be a test next week, but didn't indicate that it would be an important one.
I had thought of buying a used car, but since I'm earning a decent amount of money now, I decided to splurge and buy a new one.
The sledge was so heavy that four men were assigned to pull it across the ice.
Her inheritance gave her a purse adequate to satisfy all her needs and wants.
The party will continue to exalt their hero.
Verdun had withstood a siege of ten weeks.
To wax and wane.
I slept well despite the howling gales outside.
Do you still hate Esperanto?
You don't explain, why do you hate Esperanto.
Tom is a teacher of Chinese literature.
Supporting the local economy while getting drunk is nice.
Support the local enonomy while getting drunk!
The revolution won't be sober.
I need to find people to chill with.
She pouted when she was told to wash the dishes.
Tom and Mary are both asleep.
Tom and Mary are both busy right now.
Tom and Mary are both carrying umbrellas.
Tom and Mary are both coaching John.
Tom and Mary are both determined to make the best of this situation.
Tom and Mary are both from Australia.
Tom and Mary are both in their thirties.
Tom and Mary are both on the phone.
Tom and Mary are both sitting on the couch.
Tom and Mary are both wearing black.
Tom and Mary are both working in the garden.
Tom and Mary are sitting at the bar. Both look a little tipsy.
Tom and Mary are sitting together on the couch.
Tom and Mary are still in their offices. Both of them plan to work late today.
Tom and Mary are still together.
Tom and Mary are together.
Tom and Mary are very comfortable together.
Tom and Mary are working on something together.
Tom and Mary began yelling at each other.
Tom and Mary both agree.
Tom and Mary both covered their eyes.
Tom and Mary both drew their guns.
Tom and Mary both dropped by.
Tom and Mary both got out of the car.
Tom and Mary both glance at John.
Tom and Mary both left the office early today.
Tom and Mary both look a little confused.
Tom and Mary both look down.
Tom and Mary both look up.
Tom and Mary both make faces.
Tom and Mary both nod in agreement.
Tom and Mary both noticed John at the same time.
Tom and Mary both seem unable to do that.
Tom and Mary both smiled.
Tom and Mary both stood up.
Tom and Mary both stopped eating.
Tom and Mary both study French.
Tom and Mary both turned around to watch.
Tom and Mary continued looking at each other.
Tom and Mary continued to look at each other.
Tom and Mary danced close together.
Tom and Mary didn't recognize each other.
Tom and Mary eat lunch together every day.
Tom and Mary enjoyed a quiet moment together.
Tom and Mary glared at each other.
Tom and Mary grew up together.
Tom and Mary had a cup of coffee together.
Tom and Mary hurried up the steps together.
Tom and Mary left the office together at 2:30.
Tom and Mary left together.
Tom and Mary looked at each other and laughed.
Tom and Mary looked at each other and shrugged.
Tom and Mary looked at each other and stood up.
Tom and Mary looked at each other and then at John.
Tom and Mary looked at each other and then back at John.
Tom and Mary looked at each other for a moment.
Tom and Mary looked at each other nervously.
Tom and Mary looked at each other silently.
Tom and Mary looked at each other speechlessly.
Tom and Mary looked at each other through the window.
Tom and Mary looked at each other uneasily.
Tom and Mary looked at each other with concern.
Tom and Mary looked at each other with concerned expressions on their faces.
Tom and Mary looked into each other's eyes and kissed.
Tom and Mary looked into each other's eyes.
Tom and Mary never took their eyes off each other.
Tom and Mary nod at each other knowingly.
Tom and Mary often eat dinner together.
Tom and Mary often sit next to each other on the bus.
Tom and Mary posed for a picture together.
Tom and Mary sat across from each other at a table in the corner.
Tom and Mary sat at the dining room table facing each other.
Tom and Mary sat next to each other at the table in the conference room.
Tom and Mary sat next to each other in the classroom.
Tom and Mary sat next to each other on the train.
Tom and Mary sat on the couch together.
Tom and Mary sat on the couch very close together.
Tom and Mary sat on the sofa together watching TV.
Tom and Mary sat together on the bus.
Tom and Mary seem to be enjoying each other's company.
Tom and Mary sat together on the couch.
Tom and Mary spent a lot of time together when they were kids.
Tom and Mary stared at each other for a moment.
Tom and Mary stared at each other in disbelief.
Tom and Mary stared into each other's eyes.
Tom and Mary took a stroll together.
Tom and Mary used to work together.
Tom and Mary waited for the elevator together.
Tom and Mary walk to school together almost every morning.
Tom and Mary walked down the stairs together.
Tom and Mary were both sitting in front of the fireplace.
Tom and Mary were both surprised.
Tom and Mary were dancing together.
Tom and Mary were having a drink together.
Tom and Mary were kissing each other when I walked in.
Tom and Mary were looking at each other.
Tom and Mary were seated across from each other.
Tom and Mary were seated next to each other in the back seat of John's car.
Tom and Mary were sitting across from each other at a table on the veranda.
Tom and Mary were sitting next to each other on the couch.
Tom and Mary were sitting next to each other on the plane.
Tom and Mary were sitting on the couch together.
Tom and Mary were sitting on the sofa as far away from each other as possible.
Tom and Mary were sitting on the sofa very close to each other.
Tom and Mary were sitting together at the bar.
Tom and Mary were standing close to each other.
Tom and Mary were standing just outside the door, whispering to each other.
Tom and Mary were staring at each other.
Tom and Mary were talking to each other.
The boy was absent from school yesterday because he was sick.
I am almost years old and I am still single.
In my opinion, Esperanto is very important.
She's married to a dentist.
He's married to a dentist.
Let's listen to music.
Tom learned how to swim two years ago.
In archaeology, it is important to keep findings intact and undamaged.
Before they let us use the software, we had to sign a confidentiality agreement to say we would not release anything about it to the public.
Everything is logical.
Are you making a scene?
Tom doesn't have any idea what Mary is thinking.
There are two thousand books.
The question arises: "Is also the internet a means of mass communication?"
My mother tells me not to study so hard.
He likes to play football.
Tom likes to play soccer.
Tom likes to watch soccer.
Could someone explain it to me?
To me, there are but three treasures, compassion, frugality, and not daring to take the lead in the empire.
the groups infractions were so egregious that we were forced to arrest them.
The father does not impugn her capacity as a good mother.
He teased us without end.
Since the temperature has warmed, my coat has become an encumbrance.
The couple sat down for a charming alfresco dinner in the garden.
Davis wanted to share his concept and proselytize his ideas.
He was the scion of a wealthy family.
Her whole house is filled with tchotchkes and old photographs.
She took copious notes.
She sounded as if she were in a jocular mood.
Don't translate word for word! It should nevertheless be as true as possible!
A moon is already shining.
We cannot continue our conversation while those people are present.
The director thought about his answer and spoke again.
We can only afford to buy a small car at the moment.
The physiognomy of the landscape on the tropical coast is gorgeous.
Some lovely half-timbered houses dotted the landscape.
I'm not good at pretending.
He's fit and muscular.
She gave us a dour look when we suggested that she apologize.
What if he says no?
What if she says no?
Grammar and usage are the sine qua non of language teaching and learning.
His vainglory put the Republic at risk.
That concept germinated here and thrived overseas.
She acknowledged her mistake.
This is rather expensive.
Do you have a dictionary with you?
She spoke in a querulous voice.
My grandfather died in the Second World War.
The Second World War started in 1939.
They beseeched him to stay.
Tom talked away the entire night.
He'll be asleep.
Don't drink beer before going to bed!
Leave the past behind and take care of the present.
Leave the past behind and go on.
In public life, let all citizens be equal.
That model cannot erase cultural differences.
I found the bed very comfortable.
Hearing that the weather had worsened, we cancelled the trip.
I will use that pair of scissors to cut the yellow paper.
I will head to the pond as soon as the sun rises.
Every nation has its own language.
They are older than Tom.
Tom told me he knew where Mary lived.
All his life Tom was an outsider.
They tried to discourage him from going.
I am not a philologist.
I want to go out with him.
I want to go out with her.
I'm not a coward.
Just between us, that's my girlfriend.
Just between us, she's my girlfriend.
No, my name is not Maria. My name is Theresa.
I love languages.
He drives fast.
From the moment he arrived, everything changed.
That's not a locust, that's a grasshopper!
Don't say that you're bad. Ever!
You're doing so well! Congratulations!
She knows where we live.
She doesn't want to judge him.
You can write in English or Spanish. I'll translate for you.
How can I say "I love you" in your language?
How can I get a bus here?
I love studying languages.
How do you say "I love you" in French?
Tom thought Mary was single, but he wasn't really sure.
Tom wished he were still single.
Tom planned to remain single all his life.
Tom said he never wanted to get married.
Tom can't afford to buy Mary anything nice.
Tom can afford to buy Mary anything she wants.
Those horses are yours.
Will you come to my party?
I don't know where this came from.
He claims that he's gotten over all his failures.
That job takes a lot of strength.
I don't know why he's so mad.
Tom asked Mary why she was so mad.
Tom wondered why Mary was so mad.
Tom noticed that Mary seemed to be mad at John.
I want you to fuck me even if it hurts.
Thank you for your prompt reply.
Racist people are ignorant.
She lost her locker key while she was swimming in the pool.
This is the picture I took in my house.
We almost missed the train.
We nearly missed the train.
Last week I underwent LASIK, an eye operation to fix my vision.
We just barely made the train.
This pill is taken as a suppository.
Many people are not comfortable with suppository medicine.
In LASIK, a laser is used to adjust the surface of the cornea.
There is pressure on the cornea from the inside of the eye.
In English, "ultraviolet" is often abbreviated as "UV".
The shop on the corner sells cheap sunglasses.
Ideally, a candidate for this job should have four years' work experience.
The secretary went to the storage room to retrieve the file.
The plumage on that peacock is amazing.
It was a case of clearly justifiable self-defense.
The friar is more interested in brewing beer than he is the church.
There was nothing noteworthy about the candidate's speech.
My son had to use the bathroom midway through the movie.
Flares are used to avoid heat-seeking missiles.
The sports car was going so fast it was just a blur as it passed by.
After being on the stove for five minutes, steam started coming out the spout of the tea pot.
The little boy lost a mitten playing in the snow.
The hospital gave my brother crutches after he broke his leg.
The soccer player ignored the jeers from the opposing team's fans.
"What happened?" "Nothing."
He is lacking in decisiveness.
I have a feeling that there's something funny about it.
There is no future for her.
I won't be fooled.
I don't like this song.
I can say the alphabet backwards in less than five seconds.
There is nothing to do here.
It's 5:a.m. here in Brazil.
I love you so much, Mom!
We always went in opposite directions.
Help is always appreciated.
I can pick you up at the airport if you like.
Sorry for the delay.
If you'd like, I can correct your exercises.
Tom is Maria's husband's best friend.
If you guys want to sleep here, it's no problem.
Please wash your hands after using the bathroom.
This bolt fits this nut.
Would you go to the beach with me?
What places would you like to visit?
I used a spirit level to make sure the shelf was perfectly horizontal.
It's an honor to meet you.
If you goof it up twice, I suggest hightailing it to Moscow or someplace.
I promised to obey him.
Are you going to dance with me?
I don't believe it is going to rain tomorrow.
You need to see the doctor. Urgently!
He had a terrible dream that night.
Wait until I get back.
It's time for Tom to make a new friend besides Mary.
Don't tell me how to do my job!
I think Tom needs to start hanging out with someone other than Mary.
Tom seems to be Mary's only close friend.
After Tom broke up with Mary, he started dating Alice.
Mary doesn't know it, but Tom is also dating Alice.
Tom went out with Mary on Friday night and with Alice on Saturday night.
Tom's mother thought he needed to make some new friends.
I had a rough night.
He had a rough night.
She had a rough night.
Come back here!
Facebook is boring.
Which of the Koran's suras can you recite?
Mary wrote something in Tom's notebook while he was away from his desk.
While Tom was away from his desk, Mary drew a caricature of him on the cover of his notebook.
In the short time Tom was away from his desk, Mary scribbled something in his textbook.
You never call, you never call and you still call me 'friend'?
You call me just when you need me.
Pay attention to what he's saying!
Pay attention to what he says!
All members need to observe these rules.
Those are very big apples.
These are very big apples.
All members must follow these rules.
I'm not perfect, I know that.
It's necessary for all members to follow these rules.
Those are really big apples.
That's a really big apple.
It's a very big apple.
Happily, everyone rescued from the sea are alive and well.
Germans are a coffee-drinking people.
You're going exactly where I wanted to go.
A sailor saw his friend drown from exhaustion.
Sorry. I should move.
What color is Tom's hair?
What color are Tom's eyes?
What color is Tom's dog?
What color is Tom's car?
What would you like to do in the future?
He stood motionless, like a pillar of salt.
He was almost petrified with terror.
It's more than tolerable!
Now it is his turn.
Fate often sends the unexpected.
Nothing separates a pair joined by fate.
You hold my fate in your hands.
This is exactly what I want.
Why is the moon so big tonight?
You have to hurry up so you'd catch the last train.
This country is rich in natural resources.
Honestly, I would also like to go.
A popular way to describe buying your first home in English is to get a foot on the property ladder.
He has created a walk-in closet, with the help of sliding walls.
The programming language Java is highly versatile.
I take a taxi to the train station.
I asked Tom to drive me to the train station.
I asked Tom to meet me at the train station.
I asked Tom to wait for me at the train station.
If you declutter your linen closet, you get rid of lots of things that you don’t need.
So the last shall be first, and the first last: for many be called, but few chosen.
We need them.
I drank some wine.
Tom told Mary that he wasn't the captain of the wrestling team.
Tom paid no attention to Mary at all.
I've got a car.
I'll buy a pen from him.
Are you sure you don't use machine translations?
We read the world wrong and say that it deceives us.
Today I watched a play of a script written by a friend.
Tom laughed at Mary's jokes.
Tom had his picture taken with Mary.
Tom felt an urge to kiss Mary.
Tom doesn't think Mary will do the job very well.
Tom drives the automobile.
I am Gregor.
Why are you talking like that?
After eye surgery, George put in eye drops every fifteen minutes.
A side effect of the eye surgery is dry eyes.
The sunglasses made him look like an undercover policeman.
They wanted to know everything about Mary.
I'm tired and want to lie down to sleep.
The boy admitted that he broke the vase.
There could be many uses for such a diminutive flying vehicle.
Tom didn't want Mary to play with his kids.
Tom didn't see Mary anymore.
Tom caught Mary stealing money from the cash register.
Tom asked Mary about her job in Boston.
Today, I watched a play written by a friend of mine.
This is a secret.
Tom and Mary didn't get along very well.
The ruler is short.
Tom put his pistol under the pillow.
I want ice cream.
You are in my spot.
Nowadays, when mass media has already done away with any limits, it seems that one's head has shrunk to the size of an iPhone.
You're parked in my spot.
You're sitting in my seat.
You're drinking out of my cup.
Please use British English in your text.
Mussolini was the founder of fascism.
Do not try to be overly patriotic.
Please tidy up your bedroom.
What are you expecting from the new year?
The nature is very rich in Albania.
He lives a miserable life.
The house got painted.
He painted the house.
She painted the house.
He can speak French.
The water is not drinkable.
You can't exist without water.
In my opinion, this is a freshwater fish.
He is schizophrenic.
She is schizophrenic.
His father is a bank employee.
Her father is a bank employee.
How do you write ‘pretty’?
You want to buy a book.
The revolution has its own laws.
Salt, please.
He went to Austria to study music.
Nobody can know this very well.
Is this Tom?
We should keep our hands clean.
I'm as old as you.
Are you online?
Do you know how many people died when the Titanic sank?
I'm looking for my friends.
The injured woman was a Brazilian tourist.
Laurie is a very hardworking student.
The United States is the country that enlightens the world with its ideals of freedom. Political assassinations, military coups, invasions, bombings and torture are all undertaken by the United States in order to make the world a better place.
Without the United States, the world will end. It will be invaded by little green men who will spread terror and chaos, which will be the end of civilization. Was there any civilization before the birth of the United States? Of course not.
Which title did you choose?
I'm fatigued.
Boston is a dangerous city.
I live in Miami.
Miami is the largest city in Florida.
Emily is my girlfriend.
Emily needs my help.
Emily is busy right now.
Emily is a student.
He's always late to class.
Excuse me. I need to move.
The glass is empty.
I see a white lion.
I was in the pool yesterday.
I'm interested in data related to the Great Wall. What are its length, breadth and height?
Emily is very lovely.
Laurie hates school.
You're a douchebag!
Luke is Laurie's brother.
Luke is eating his sandwich.
Tom is going to the beach with us tomorrow.
My ears are bleeding!
I forgot to give you my phone number.
You left the iron on.
I have several friends who speak English well.
I forgot that Tom spoke French.
I thought I would die of laughter.
It's very fortunate that this is not a traffic jam.
I'm going out with Peter.
He always walks around with his hands in his pockets and his head in the clouds.
She always talks with a smile on her lips.
I'm from Milan.
We're eating dinner at our friends' place.
He's supported by his family.
How dare you speak to me in that tone of voice!
She doesn't want to express an opinion about him.
The crowd surged into the auditorium.
The crowd flowed into the auditorium.
Mary ruined her clothing.
You ruined your clothing.
We didn't ruin our clothing.
They ruined their clothing.
I ruined my clothing.
I didn't ruin my clothing.
You didn't ruin your clothing.
You're destroying your clothing.
He's destroying his clothes.
Tom's destroying his clothes.
She's destroying her clothes.
Mary's destroying her clothes.
We're destroying our clothes.
He's destroying his clothing.
She's destroying her clothing.
Society is changing.
That made me change my mind.
I'm not ruining my clothing.
I'll ruin my clothing.
The patriots rebelled on behalf of their homeland's rights.
"Getting a foot on the property ladder" is a popular way to describe buying your first home.
That seems correct to me.
You are worthy.
I love the Albanian language.
I learn Lakota.
French is a very interesting language.
I've always wanted to study French.
Do you think you'd have time to help me learn French?
French is one of the languages I've always wanted to learn.
I wish I could speak French as well as you do.
I've never spoken French to Tom.
I studied French when I was in high school.
We speak French at home.
Tom and I usually speak French to each other.
I overheard Tom and Mary speaking French to each other just before class.
I haven't spoken French in a long time.
It's been a long time since I've spoken French.
I don't speak French all that well.
I don't speak French well enough to apply for that job.
I wish I could speak French a little better.
I don't speak French as well as you think I do.
I don't speak French at all.
Considering how long I've been studying French, I should be able to speak it better.
French is definitely not the easiest language to learn.
I speak French every day at work.
I need a good dictionary.
He laughed wholeheartedly.
She didn't know that.
I'd like to buy a good dictionary.
I want to buy a good dictionary. Do you have any recommendations?
The moon is the dream of the sun.
Tom lost his passport and didn't know what to do.
Almost stepped on a gecko while going to the metro.
I received the same advice as you.
I completely forgot that there was class today!
I had forgotten all about today's meeting. I'm glad you reminded me.
Tom seems to enjoy just sitting on the dock and watching the seagulls.
One of the things Tom enjoys doing is swimming.
Of all the things Tom did last weekend, he says that windsurfing was the most fun.
It's when you teach foreigners Chinese that you realize just how flawed your own Chinese is.
I actually ended up walking all the way from Shinjuku Station to Jimbocho yesterday!
I don't know when he's coming.
At my sister's.
He ate it all up.
They bring cloth from England.
He arrived from Novgorod yesterday.
Go to him and greet him on my behalf.
Come to us tomorrow!
Lead your friend to me!
He's gotten fatter since our last meeting.
Do you want to go for a walk with me?
He's standing outside the door.
I don't know German.
I can't sell at this price.
Where do you know that from?
Take the jug to the cellar.
Take the jug to the dining room.
I kept the cheese in the cellar.
Put the glass on the table!
Look, there's your cap on the table!
The dog went under the table.
The cat has hidden under the bench.
He has left the city.
He is living outside the city.
Go across the river!
The sink was full, so I left the plate on the countertop.
This village belongs to the king of Sweden.
My sister has been married for three years.
Go after him!
Follow him!
I'm not very well.
I haven't seen you in a while.
Why didn't you come to me yesterday?
Sit down, please!
Generally, mineral water is more expensive than tap water.
I am not tired.
Please come visit us more often.
It will be my pleasure!
From the suburbs.
May God help you!
Sleep well!
Did you have breakfast?
I ate late last night.
I hardly eat before lunch.
I am busy.
Food will be ready soon.
Lay the table!
We didn't expect guests.
I ask you, please eat!
I'm waiting for your wife.
She is still in the kitchen.
I am Julius.
I live in Rome.
I live in New York.
Excuse me!
In the hands of a wise person, things become really simple. It's a mediocre person, pretending to be wise, that makes an easy thing sound difficult.
Speak slowly!
I understand you!
Have a seat, please!
Is there anything you need to do today?
Put the wet umbrella in this bag, please.
How do I decompress the LZH file?
The clouds hang in the sky.
The birds fly below the clouds.
Fish swim in the water.
Earth has mountains, forests, fields, animals and people.
The whole world consists of four elements which are the basic ingredients of all bodies.
You are welcome here!
Do you speak Elvish?
Run fast!
I came to save you.
He has had too many drinks.
Where there is heart, there is luck.
What word is that?
Our Father in heaven, hallowed be your name. Your Kingdom come, your will be done, on earth as in heaven. Give us today our daily bread. Forgive us our sins, as we forgive those who sin against us. Lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from evil.
Our Father who art in Heaven, Hallowed be thy name; Thy kingdom come Thy will be done On earth as it is in heaven. Give us this day our daily bread; And forgive us our trespasses As we forgive those who trespass against us; And lead us not into temptation, But deliver us from evil.
The kitchen sink was full of dirty dishes.
Tom hadn't washed dishes in a week, so the sink was full of dirty dishes.
Tom hadn't washed clothes in a long time, so he searched through his dirty clothes to see if there was something clean enough to wear.
I was on the wrong track.
Despite his wealth, he is not at all happy.
If I weren't poor, I'd buy that car.
I'd like to buy the car you're selling, but I don't have enough money right now.
This wasn't my mistake.
Tom didn't like his name.
She has two kids to support.
I want to make a difference.
I've had enough of your crap.
It looks like Tom has had a few too many drinks.
Even though Tom has had way too much to drink already, he's ordering another drink.
I called him on the telephone.
The policeman chased the burglar.
The policeman chased the robber.
Will he call me this morning?
I never lend my USB drive to others.
Why did you open your mailbox?
What does she do in his office?
What is she doing in his office?
This is the first time I've seen him smile.
I don't even know where she is right now.
He takes her to his office and they start talking about love.
Today was the first time I ever saw Tom smile.
This is the first time I've ever seen Tom smile.
I haven't seen Tom smile for a long time.
When was the last time you saw Tom smile?
Tom doesn't smile very often.
I wish Tom would smile more often.
If Tom would smile more often, he'd probably have more friends.
Tom smiled at Mary as he left the room.
Tom smiled when Mary entered the room.
Tom was hoping that Mary would smile at him.
Every time Mary smiles at him, Tom feels happy.
You wouldn't be able to tell.
They won't be able to tell.
It's hard to tell whether Tom dyes his hair or not.
When I say that this spider is harmless, I don't mean that you can catch it with your hands and handle it as you like. Big spiders don't attack people unless they are provoked, and they should not be taken for toys.
We watched Ukrainian movies with subtitles in Esperanto.
Tom watched a Japanese movie with French subtitles.
Tom watched a Japanese movie subtitled in French.
The middle-class woman placed value on her necklace because she didn't want to forgo the privileges of her class.
Tom wanted to know why Mary didn't like him.
Tom wanted to know the reason Mary didn't like him.
John is obsessed about getting into a top tier university.
During World War II, many famous landmarks in Europe were reduced to rubble.
General Andrews sent for more reinforcements to stave off the enemy troops.
The now ubiquitous occurrence of sectarian violence is the product of growing tensions between the country's different ethnic groups.
My father is busy now.
I'm planning to stay at a hotel.
Keiko deftly piles up the dishes and takes them to the sink.
My dream house has two bedrooms.
This is not a table but a chair.
I'm not lazy but diligent.
Please complete the dialogues.
Please check your answers.
Please complete the sentences.
Please listen to the recording.
Please write down the correct form of the verb.
Please write down questions.
Please write down the answers.
Please fill in the letters.
Kyoto is visited by a lot of tourists.
Please write down the numbers using cyphers.
The three rules of competitive mathematics: check, check, and recheck.
There are many ways to approach this problem.
You are in a maze of twisty little passages, all alike.
A boy in a cape, pretending to be Superman, jumped off a building last night.
A new bus line is scheduled to run between Oldtown and Newtown.
Above all, don't panic!
Alright, guys, let's do this!
American southerners speak in a drawling voice.
Are diet pills as healthy as they say?
At the premiere, Tom met with fans and signed autographs.
Catholic priests practice celibacy.
Did you really think I never would have found out about it?
Don't hesitate to give me a call!
Don't hesitate to send me an e-mail if you have any questions.
Don't mumble your words. You are too old for that.
Give me a heads-up if you hear anything!
Gold is a very expensive metal.
He drummed his fingers on the steering wheel.
He put the mike back on its cradle.
He was broad-shouldered and a head taller than most of his peers.
Her father was accused of statutory rape.
He's the best musician out there, bar none.
I ain't worried about what he might say.
I can't untie this knot; it's too tight!
I could hear hoots of laughter coming from the next room.
I could hear shrieks of hysterical laughter spilling from the other room.
I couldn't make sense of most of it.
I have grown dependent on my daily dose of caffeine.
I never drank a drop in my life.
I only need a moment to get ready.
I rue the day I crossed paths with this asshole.
I want nothing more than to find the son of a bitch who did this!
I would never say anything to intentionally hurt you, you know.
It will only take a moment to fill out this application.
Jane fell down the stairs and hit her head.
Jane has auburn hair.
Keep taunting me and see what happens.
Mary refused to put her aging parents in a home.
My grandfather has a piece of shrapnel in his chest.
Objection denied.
Objection overruled.
Objection sustained.
Objection, your honor!
Please, let me out! I will be good, I promise!
Poverty and crime will never be eradicated completely.
Remember what we argued about yesterday? Turns out you were right all along.
She slammed her hands on the table.
She told the story as candidly as possible.
Slavery was a lucrative business.
Somebody left the lights on.
Standing over the cauldron, the witch stirred a repulsive stew made of mud, piss, and human body parts.
Such evidence is clearly inadmissible in court as it has been tempered with.
That singer has an awful voice.
The agent was able to squeeze a confession out of the terrorist.
The angry response the book provoked was unsurprising.
The boy bent back to look up at his father's face.
The boy was made king before he could write his own name.
The court has issued a ruling.
The director of the firm was voted out of office due to the scandal.
The entire town was destroyed in a fire.
The going was rough, but God was on my side.
The polio vaccine was first produced by an American scientist.
The writing style was unaffected.
Their religious fervor was unparalleled.
There he goes again with his wacky ideas.
There's got to be a better way.
This is a really screwed-up family.
This is one BORING movie! Wow!
This print is too small to read.
This woman is perfection incarnate.
This woman is the embodiment of perfection.
The boy screwed up his pimply face.
Though he was guilty of the murder of his wife, he got off easy.
To the best of my knowledge, humans are the only two-legged mammals in existence.
When I was growing up, my father used to beat my mother.
I don't know why Tom is so angry.
I don't get it! Why do I have to take the heat?
I bought various pieces of cloth.
It began to rain in the evening.
Canada is a neighboring country of the USA.
This is Ms. Müller.
Great Britain consists of Wales, England, and Scotland.
The USA is very big.
I went to school with him.
I went to school with her.
I love gardening.
She loves gardening.
Children are impatient and restless.
Tom was impatient and restless.
Children are often impatient and restless.
Tom got impatient waiting for Mary.
She got off with a slap on the wrist.
All she received was a slap on the wrist.
She got away with a slap on the wrist.
What did he want?
What did she want?
I would never lie to you.
She would never lie to me.
He would never lie to me.
My friend lied to me.
My boyfriend lied to me.
My girlfriend lied to me.
My husband lied to me.
My wife lied to me.
My dad lied to me.
My parents lied to me.
My daughter lied to me.
My son lied to me.
My sister lied to me.
My brother lied to me.
My best friend lied to me.
They're inseparable.
What were you thinking about?
He glanced at me.
I want to work at a hospital.
Tom lied to me.
I'm pretty sure Tom lied to Mary.
Tom often lies to Mary.
Tom says he never lies to Mary, but he often does.
Tom doesn't think Mary lies to him, but I know she does.
Tom lied about where he'd been last night.
Tom lied to Mary when he said he didn't know John.
Will you excuse me for a moment?
Will you excuse us for a moment?
Tom doesn't work anymore.
Tom dyed his hair brown.
I am not as big as my brother, but I am bigger than my dad.
We did everything that we could to help him, but he didn't even thank us for it.
I'll be there in fifteen minutes.
Could you turn off the radio, please?
I have not eaten any poisonous mushrooms!
He doesn't like anybody, and nobody likes him.
Tom had a wonderful time when he went to Boston.
Have you ever noticed that Tom's right ear is much larger than his left ear?
Tom didn't feel very well, but he went to work anyway.
I'm looking for someone who can speak French.
I'm looking for someone who can speak Portuguese.
If you're going to go to France, you should brush up your French.
If you're going to go to France, you should brush up on your French.
I have never heard him crying like this.
It was a bit of high jinks.
You two are my best friends.
After finishing eating, one must say, "Thanks for the food."
Before you go play, do your homework.
He had a wonderfully powerful memory.
On weekends I got up later than usual.
Why don't you calm down? You're really making me cringe.
In many languages, such as Portuguese, German, French, Spanish, and Italian, the verb ending changes according to who is doing the action. So the patterns of the verb have to be learned.
Note that German nouns are always written with a capital letter.
That's why I asked you about jobs for teachers in your country.
The patterns of the verb have to be learned.
Let me teach you the patterns of the verb.
Could you teach me the patterns of the verb?
The subject of a sentence is usually a person or a thing performing the action shown by the verb.
I'm flying to Germany.
The following words are called pronouns and are used as the subject of a sentence. They represent a person or a thing.
Here is the car.
Thank you so much, my friends!
This hose is junk. It kinks way too easily.
If the water stops flowing, it's most likely from a kink in the hose.
A Renault doesn't use coil springs or leaf springs. It uses torsion bars in the suspension.
If you come to Rio, don't forget to call me to be your guide!
Keep clear at all times.
I'm ugly.
The enemy cavalry crossed the river by an unknown ford.
All my heart, all my soul belong to you.
I love to learn new things.
We should eat.
The swimming pool is closed because of storm.
I have to change the baby's nappy.
Stay in line.
Go inside.
Thanks for the updates.
That one's OK.
I'm flying to Boston tomorrow.
I am reckless.
"I'll give thousand for this statue." "Who will give more?"
The airport is closed, but nobody knows why.
I need to change the baby's diaper.
I can write you a letter.
Get married close to home and go far away to steal.
The table is not in the bedroom.
The table is in the living room.
She is a singer.
I'm not a manager.
The woman is young.
The sweets are on the table.
There's a cat there.
The man was eating bread.
The very next day after the departure of it's friend, it felt lonely.
The more I advise the young people, the less they oppose me.
The writer George Orwell was watched for about twelve years by the British police.
"No one even suspects our intimacy," said the secretary provocatively to her boss.
I don't know where I left the stick; haven't you seen it?
He looked very elegant in his new underpants.
His new underpants were sensational.
He is a computer expert.
I studied that matter, but I cannot help.
If we continue in this way, we will collide with the wall.
If we keep going this way, we'll hit the wall.
That will end badly.
The mailman emptied the mailbox.
Lazybones.
Translated, "Tokyo" means "eastern capital."
There is no elevator in our house.
Download failed at percent.
Please wake me up at 6:30.
They can't continue without Tom.
Tom, wake up.
Wake up, Tom.
Tom's native language is French.
Go and wake Tom up.
Wake Tom up.
Go wake Tom up.
She's never said that, maybe you're mistaken.
If I'm not mistaken, that is not possible.
I'm going to teach you how to fish next Sunday.
I want to hold your hand.
My favorite song is "Hotel Tatoeba".
Please read this book.
Is the world getting better, or worse?
I met him recently.
Even the air smelled different.
I will be very glad to be able to serve you.
I will be very glad to serve you.
Glad to be able to assist you.
In another twenty years, the United States will no longer be able to be the police for the world.
I'm glad I could be of some assistance.
My driving instructor says that I need to be more patient.
The food industry in China is so downright criminal, that city slickers become part-time farmers.
Are we going anywhere this evening?
We don't go to school on Shabbat.
We don't go to school on Saturday.
We don't go to school on Saturdays.
I really hope so.
So, what happened this time?
Don't forget to take my things out of storage!
And how do you like this work?
One doesn't help people when one does something for them which they themselves can do.
I'm not the manager.
Can you speak Uyghur?
I can speak a little.
You can't run away from age.
Keep in mind that language is your friend and not your enemy.
In Germany, you have to pay for everything, even to to use a public bathroom.
I'm born in the U.S.S.R.
They married when they were still young.
I can talk for a bit.
I doubt we're going the right way.
Am I going the right way?
You guys are going the wrong way.
The bus stops right in front of my house.
I think I'm going to stop now.
Getting rich is the opposite of getting poor.
She got happy.
The station is between those two cities.
I never lie... Never, or at least very seldom.
Where will we end up, seeing as the world is full of evil people?
I hope to meet up with you this afternoon.
That's like finding a needle in a haystack.
She acted like she didn't know anything.
It is my enrollment this week.
In Esperanto, nouns, adjectives, adverbs and verbs show their function within the sentence through their endings.
Not all of these decisions are welcome by all.
Today I've learned a valuable lesson.
We are lost in the middle of nowhere.
They say it's the son who set the house on fire. What they don't know is if he did it on purpose.
I got it! The answer is 24, right?
I'd appreciate it if someone translated my comment.
Very good advice. I would consider it if it weren't yours.
Who cares? What's really important is that you are still here.
Ever since, I've wandered aimlessly in the everlasting night of your eyes.
Politics is the art of preventing people from getting involved in what concerns them.
Courage is like an umbrella: When you need it most you don't have it.
No matter what happens, there is always someone who saw it coming.
Whoever admits to his cowardice shows courage.
For everyone comes a time when his conscience catches up with him.
I'm learning Chinese on my own.
I see him coming over the bridge.
My friend lives outside the city.
We must get our hair cut.
You must swallow pills, not chew them in your mouth.
He continued doing it.
If he knew, he would tell us.
The club members gathered in the conference room.
My father is home.
We learned to fly like birds and swim like fishes, but we forgot how to live like humans.
I am awesome at cooking curry.
I'll take it as a challenge.
I'm pretty good at cooking spaghetti.
I'm not very good at making pizza, but Tom is.
He is extremely friendly.
Naturally he accepted the invitation.
The original book dealt primarily with the natural language processing of English.
The woman drinks the water.
She doesn't eat the red apple.
The man works in his office.
He doesn't sleep.
The girl goes to school.
The boy plays the piano.
He doesn't run.
You don't walk to school.
I don't sleep in a bed.
Although most of the content and thought has not been dependent on any language, when focusing on Japanese, differences in syntactic structures or the fact that individual words are not written separately and distinctly then requires several points of consideration.
This man has no feelings.
When he was a kid, he used to catch birds and torture them to death.
If the United States try to hit and annihilate Iran, this will be its last war.
The United States needed ten years of embargo in order to weaken Iraq.
The United States needed ten years of war in order to annihilate Iraq and divide it.
In order to put into application the case of treating Japanese, Masato Hagiwara all by himself wrote an additional chapter for Japan that is not in the original book.
While you're busy looking for the perfect person, you may have missed the imperfect person who could make you perfectly happy.
A negative mind will never give you a positive life.
Angelina Jolie had a double mastectomy.
I'm from Estonia.
He went into rehab.
This famous actress checked into rehab for the second time to treat her addiction.
I am aware, and aware that I am aware, and aware that I am aware that I am aware ...
He seems very sleepy.
A group of skinheads beat Tom to death.
We shouldn't spend money.
He flat-out lied.
You didn't tell us what he had written in this letter.
She likes to go dancing with her friends.
I don't have much time. Would you please hurry up?
She had a work contract.
You will never find a more wretched hive of scum and villainy.
With the help of my friends I learn a whole bunch of new and interesting things.
I'm studying English because I plan to go to the United States.
I don't understand why all of these are necessary.
When do you go to sleep?
Xiaoming doesn't know how to control herself.
Xiaoming has really poor self-control.
A person without faith is frightening.
If there's a better solution, then I'll notify you about it as soon as possible.
Have you had breakfast?
You painted the walls.
I was disappointed by your article.
Your article was disappointing.
Your article disappointed me.
Regardless how many times I try to solve this nasty problem, I always end up failing.
You've painted the walls, haven't you?
Tom opens the gate every morning at 8:00.
Tom opens the windows every morning as soon as he gets to his office.
Tom's parents were disappointed that he couldn't get into Harvard.
Tom was disappointed that he couldn't get into Harvard.
No matter how many times I've been shown, I just can't learn how to tie a tie.
I want to learn how to use my new digital camera right away.
I want to learn all 1,words on this list by July.
I want to learn all the words on this list by the end of July.
I want to learn all the words on this list before July first.
I want to learn all the words on this list by the middle of July.
It's time to play the joker.
I don't choose your ties.
That apple is big.
Make me unsee it.
She doesn't speak my language.
I have to call someone now.
Tom hates school.
Thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyself.
There is a full stop missing.
I had some calls to make, too.
Your shirt has a button missing.
German is not only spoken in Germany.
German has over million speakers and it is the official language in Germany and Austria.
French is not only spoken in France.
Many of my friends can speak French.
If I could have spoken French better, I might have gotten that job.
Tom speaks French much better than Mary does.
Tom doesn't speak French as well as Mary does.
Tom doesn't speak French as well as Mary.
Tom speaks French much better than Mary.
Tom wishes he could speak French as well as Mary.
Tom wishes he could speak French as well as Mary does.
I want more milk.
Am I very nice?
It's not necessary to leave in the middle of a storm
We can win this war.
Let me teach you some verbs.
Let's study the verbs and their respective patterns.
Being kissed on the lips makes me happy.
In German you use the ending "-in" for female forms of nouns.
He hid his anguish with a smile.
Do you understand what you're saying?
Thou art That.
That thou art.
And if I say this is it, it really means this is it!
I love your outfit.
Your response is wholly insufficient.
Your response is far from complete.
This is a small tribute to all my teachers.
Barry already left.
Why don't you tell me a little bit about yourself?
Tom already left.
Tom has left, but Mary is still here.
Tom wanted to leave, but Mary wanted to stay a little longer.
Tom tried to convince Mary that it was time to leave.
Tom is often the last one to leave the office.
These are the questions that they would ask you at the British embassy when you apply for a visa.
Who is your best friend?
Is your best friend a man or a woman?
What's your best friend's name?
Do you have only one best friend or many?
Who are your other best friends?
What are the names of your other best friends?
Where does your best friend live?
Does your best friend live in the same street as you?
Does your best friend live very far from you?
Do you enjoy Mary's company?
Is Mary attractive to you?
This artist has a very distinctive style.
Do you think Mary is attractive?
Do you find Mary attractive?
Does Tom live far from here?
Does Tom live far from where you live?
Does Tom live far from you?
Tom lives on the same street as Mary does.
Tom lives on the same street as Mary.
Tom lives in the same part of town as Mary does.
Tom lives in the same part of town as Mary.
Tom and Mary live on the same street.
Tom and Mary live in the same part of town.
Tom and Mary both live in Boston.
Tom lives just down the street from Mary.
There are few books without misprints.
After having caught sight of her, he fell into a huge confusion of thoughts, was motionless and, in short, turned to stone.
There are almost no books that have no misprints.
Do you write short stories?
I love the outfit you're wearing.
Marie gained weight.
I wanted to hug you before class started, but I didn't want to look like a lesbian.
The United States tries to impress the world with its weapons.
Although the United States has some of the most modern weapons in the world, it has won very few wars.
When the United States loses a war, it's not all Americans who lose it. Some billionaires like Bush's friends have earned billions from the wars fought by the United States in the last ten years.
The United States cannot win a war against a big and strong country. It can only annihilate a weak and relatively small country like Serbia or Iraq. It can also win a war in less than hours against a tiny island like Grenada.
The United States bombed civilians in Japan with nuclear weapons. Nowadays, some US officials are considering the idea of doing it again in other countries. They are just trying to find a justification for that.
A skyful isn't enough to have written upon it that I love you.
Not being able to carry out payments on time can cause very large losses for the consumer.
We will all work together to finish this task on time.
No one can escape growing old.
All options are on the table.
Apple is still very secretive with regard to the release date and the price.
Thank you for taking some time out of your busy schedule to reply to my letter.
Fighting with your friends can really hurt your feelings.
People were shocked when the Serbs shot down an American F-in 1999. Indeed, all American military aircraft are vulnerable, including stealth aircraft like the F-117.
We will follow your demands and make the necessary corrections to those parts that need them.
You gain insight into key areas that can help you make strategic decisions.
There are few books that have no misprints.
The film is boring.
It depends on how you deal with it.
I speak Classical Greek.
You're a compulsive complainer.
You complain compulsively.
Your eyes are magnetically attractive.
You're trapped. Surrender!
You've been captured. Surrender!
When I was your age, I thought the same way as you about this issue.
Your comment is not relevant to the matter.
Two copies of the current agreement were printed and will be signed by the two sides.
Your idea addresses everything.
The interminable border wars between England and Scotland came to a close.
I'll kill it.
Money has to serve, not to rule.
That was truly a wonderful experience!
That was absolutely awesome!
Tomorrow it will be closed.
I leave this evening.
I'll be leaving this evening.
Since I wasn't hungry, I only ordered coffee.
I only ordered coffee, since I wasn't hungry.
How much does she earn per month?
He had such a headache that he was forced to abandon the meeting.
What did she bring with her?
The truth is always the same: all the other versions are lies.
"Why aren't you coming?" "Because we don't want to."
"Why aren't you coming?" "Because I don't want to."
Please wait a minute!
It's already midnight.
Every month, there were two cases of murder.
There were two cases of murder per month.
It was hard for him to hide the pride he felt after his success.
Is the game still going on?
I want to live comfortably.
I don't understand why I need to go to your house at midnight.
He is not the kind of guy who gives in easily.
I know why he's doing this.
In Japan, children begin to play the violin at the age of three.
Are you serious? It seems to me that you've fallen on your head.
Are you serious? It looks to me like you're crazy.
Their parents agreed to the engagement.
None of them was there.
Not one of them was there.
I don't know why Tom got sick.
At the beginning, he didn't believe it at all.
Originally, he didn't believe it at all.
How many kilometers did she walk?
That doctor is a man of culture.
That doctor is a cultured man.
The people in Brazil were proud of him.
There was no internet back then.
What did Tom bring?
What did Tom bring with him?
Who did Tom bring with him?
Who did Tom bring?
I know why Tom is doing that.
I wonder why Tom is doing that.
Can you tell me why Tom is doing that?
A bulldozer was brought in to make the road flat.
The ship's mission is to boldly go where no man has gone before.
Our mission is to boldly go where no woman has gone before.
She was relaxed.
I had no knowledge of the particulars.
It's my turn now.
I have to see this.
I have to see this movie.
He ran a hand through his hair.
He ran a hand through her hair.
School is finally over.
The week is finally over.
She dragged herself out of bed.
It's not always easy.
He hugged her while she cried.
He hugged him while he cried.
She hugged him while he cried.
This is very interesting.
No snowflake in an avalanche ever feels responsible.
The exit is usually where the entrance was.
In a war of ideas it is people who get killed.
He who limps is still walking.
Is it a progress if a cannibal is using a knife and fork?
We watched a movie.
She likes to write fan fiction.
I don't do it for money.
I met him online.
He doesn't go to school anymore.
He doesn't want to go to school anymore.
She doesn't want to go to school anymore.
Children should go to school.
I don't get enough sleep at night.
You should stay in school.
Go to bed!
Please let me sleep.
Please let me sleep for five more minutes.
Just give it a try.
A spoilsport is a person who ruins other people's fun.
I regret nothing.
Don't be a spoilsport.
We're all going to die!
I did everything automatically.
I want to know the truth about my son's death.
He's way out of my league.
We need to ask for a new dump truck. This one's full.
I can't leave you behind!
I can't leave him behind.
When the dump truck fills up, call to have them come and switch it.
I can't leave her behind.
Tom didn't want to leave Mary behind.
Tom thought it wasn't a good idea to leave Mary at home without a babysitter.
Don't be afraid. I won't hurt you.
We are very cognizant of the precedent we are setting.
I will not come tomorrow.
I won't come tomorrow.
The course of true love never did run smooth.
How can I write faster?
We all have experienced the serendipity of relevant information arriving just when we were least expecting it.
Let's raise our glasses for the master of the house!
You can't depend on your eyes when your imagination is out of focus.
And what should we do?
I don't hold grudges.
In the future, cars will drive themselves.
It's a driverless car.
It's an autonomous car.
It's a self-driving vehicle.
In the future, nobody will drive cars.
This car brakes automatically to avoid collisions.
People tend to look at others with prejudice.
Football is a simple game. men chase a ball for minutes, and at the end the Germans always win.
She said that without me, life held no meaning.
Italian Americans are famous for not being able to speak Italian. It's really a shame!
I've always believed in and insisted on this.
Little Wang is on maternity leave. She won't be back to work for six months.
I didn't know what to do next.
We drove back to the motel.
We drove back to the hotel.
Let's go back to the motel.
Let's go back to the hotel.
He dropped a bombshell.
The mayor dropped a bombshell at the news conference.
This is a dry town.
Truth is not a popularity contest.
More than $million of jewels were stolen from a hotel room in Cannes.
He recognized me right away.
She recognized me right away.
I recognized him right away.
I recognized her right away.
I was really scared and alone.
You are waiting in vain if you think that one fine day you will wake up and your soul mate will appear in front of your eyes.
We dodged a bullet on that one.
Specially, we shouldn't be selfish.
I hope it's not true.
Please wake up at 7.
He tried to talk to us in French.
Since it rained, I stayed home.
It has been a pleasure to know you too.
It has also been my honour to meet you.
The walls are made from drywall.
Drywall is made from gypsum.
It's part of my job.
It's not worth the money.
I have the best job in the world.
I have worst job in the world.
They just have immense faith in each other which makes their relationship perfect.
You're the best dad in the world.
Just deal with it.
The congress will offer us the oportunity to compare the results of the investigation in the European Union.
We went back to the hotel.
Firstly, we mustn't be selfish.
Tom speaks perfect French, but his native language is German.
He is a bit older than me.
She has a healthy life style.
He hears gunshot every night.
Did you watch the match of yesterday?
I sometimes can't understand her.
The smallest continent is Australia.
Radio's been replaced by the TV.
Breakfast is from seven to nine.
You should pay the doctor a visit.
You should go get a physical examination from a doctor.
The garden was full of purple lilies.
Weather's pretty nice tonight.
Is your family doing well?
You worry too much about your weight.
I would like to learn standard English.
Regarding the question at hand, can I give you an answer in two days' time?
She's looking at us.
You need to get a real job.
She's very unpredictable.
Two against one is not a fair fight.
That was really scary.
Do you really want me to be frank?
It wasn't my idea.
It was my idea.
It wasn't her idea.
It wasn't his idea.
Even a glass eye can see its blindness.
I don't want to work under these conditions.
An enemy is anyone who tells the truth about you.
Do you really think that that would work?
Stop drumming on the desk!
Tom spent a sleepless night thinking of Mary.
I ran into a pole.
I saw a young couple cuddling on a park bench.
He put on his hat.
We must protect our children.
I don't want her to get into trouble.
My prayers go out to you and your family.
I opened one eye.
You're too young to worry about cellulite.
He committed many sins in his youth.
Before going to work in Paris I need to brush up my French.
I don't understand what this means at all.
You're so cute together.
She's getting ready.
He put his hand on my shoulder.
He put his hands on my shoulders.
Can you rub my shoulders?
Can you rub my back?
I don't know if he is interested in me.
I don't know if she's interested in me.
Come here. I need to tell you something.
I'm not interested in him. He's just a friend.
She had to give up her dream.
He had to give up his dream after his accident.
I told him to stop.
He teases me all the time.
I hate my roommate.
My roommate is so disgusting.
He likes you!
She likes you!
Wake up and smell the coffee.
I think she's had a few Botox injections.
I like to learn ancient languages.
I like to learn old languages.
I like learning ancient languages.
He didn't give me his real name.
She didn't give me her real name.
I didn't know any of the songs.
They spoke too quickly for me to understand.
He lies to me all the time.
He lies to you all the time.
She lies to me all the time.
She lies to you all the time.
He kissed me on the cheek.
He has very strong arms.
There is no result for this search yet, but you can help us by feeding the corpus with new vocabulary!
He's a friend of a friend.
She's a friend of a friend of a friend.
Canada is not a paradise.
These allegations are ridiculous.
What other choice did I have?
It's a golden retriever.
It's a Labrador retriever.
It's not the first time.
That's completely ridiculous.
She was outraged.
Why did this happen to me?
Why did you say this?
That is your reasoning.
Popularity has nothing to do with it.
That was a misinterpretation.
I corrected myself.
That's my reasoning.
I formulated it wrongly.
The majority of the songs became uninteresting.
I'm both Polish and Norwegian, so I can't choose.
It was a fine sunny day.
It's not my native language.
I see nothing wrong with this.
I can't imagine my life without you.
Thanks for the pizza.
I never liked him.
I've never liked her.
The last one is the best.
He knows what he wants.
She knows what she wants.
This is our favorite dinner.
The old songs were much, much better.
Are you freaking serious?
How can you even compare them?
Both are great bands.
I say both as they are different genres of music.
That's not what I said.
Why not both?
Are you fucking kidding me?
They have a talented producer.
It's a ridiculous question, really.
For me, they are the best.
They are more intelligent.
Popularity changes the music itself.
It's not their fault.
Pass me the broom and dustpan, please. I spilled some crumbs on the floor.
I fell over it and broke my leg.
I know what I want. I just haven't found it yet.
Tom lies to Mary all the time.
Tom seldom puts sugar in his coffee.
I can't imagine my life without him.
I can't imagine my life without her.
Ew! That's so gross!
That bug is gross.
You saved all your baby teeth in this matchbox? That's gross!
She's the prettiest girl in class. It's a shame she's so gross.
The magazine is researching the most disgusting insects on the planet.
You're gross!
Rat whiskers are gross.
Break the chocolate into smaller pieces.
The boy started crying.
Tom thinks that Mary won't say yes.
I'm not going to write a letter in English.
I won't write a letter in English.
He also saw it.
Tom corrected himself.
Many people have made the same mistake.
Join the fucking club.
I was crying when he released her.
This car pulled up in front of the bank.
This car came to a stop in front of the bank.
This car stopped in front of the bank.
The heat is making me crave for an ice cream.
Many people make similar mistakes.
What is he talking about?
Tom is a man.
Mary is a woman.
Watch out for cyclists and pedestrians.
I hope you enjoyed the long weekend.
I should have learnt German when I had the opportunity to do it fifteen years ago.
Stop acting like a jerk.
I begged him to stop using drugs.
I am grateful for your help.
I am sorry I cannot help you.
We're going to have a baby!
I ran into my friends in the train station.
My son is in preschool.
Did you see this man?
Stop beating around the bush and answer my question!
The contract will expire soon.
In France, its birthplace, Tatoeba became a cultural and social phenomenon.
PHP is a web programming language.
In São Paulo in '58, the candidate with the most votes was a rhinoceros named Cacareco.
The language autodetection feature on Tatoeba hardly ever works, but you can count on other users to set you straight.
"Tom, your dinner's getting cold." "Just a minute. I'll be right there."
Tom, can you come tomorrow?
Can Tom come tomorrow?
Can you come tomorrow?
You must replace it every months.
Do you understand Latin?
I walked kilometers today.
The thermometer reads degrees.
Mary drinks at least three liters of water a day.
The soul is eternal.
Your pen sucks.
Your pens suck.
We'd usually solve this problem recursively, but the proposed solution uses an iterative algorithm.
You shouldn't drink so much coffee late at night.
It would be better if you didn't drink so much coffee late at night.
Sorry if it sounded like I was talking to you.
Don't dare to talk to my girlfriend.
I didn't know that you worked for a security company.
So you're a mercenary, right?
For how much money would you do a dirty job in Iraq?
In my opinion, all of you are crazy!
If the Americans hire you to kill children in Iraq, that would obviously make you happy, right?
What if you lost your life in Iraq?
Is there fun in scaring children and arresting people in the middle of the night in their own country?
As a mercenary, did you participate in torture sessions?
How many mercenaries would it have been necessary to use in order to win the war in Iraq?
Yes, it's possible.
He lost his wallet in the street. It didn't contain any money, but all of his documents were inside.
The centre will remain closed for two months during the summer.
How did your boyfriend react when you told him that you hadn't always been a woman?
This car has the boot under the bonnet. The engine is in the back.
He'll arrive in the evening of the fifth.
If a piece of knotted string can unleash the wind, and if a drowned man can awaken, then I believe a broken man can heal.
If you have the time, could you stop by my office around 3:00?
What place on Earth coulde be better than the place your people came from?
Worse things have happened to both of us.
Some people don't act their age.
You just got pantsed in the schoolyard, four-eyes.
I'm sorry to put you through that.
I put roll-on antiperspirant all over my body. If sweat starts squirting out the top of my head, you know why.
I'd love to be able to tell the lady who cuts my hair that I don’t like bangs.
I don't impose my ideas on others. I don't look to convert others to my life philosophy.
When we were going through security, I got pulled out of line for a pat-down.
Long story short, she’s on the No Fly List and we might have been followed here by drone.
Do you have a drug problem?
I think he's trying to get back at her for what she said in the meeting.
I don't set myself unrealistic goals.
I set myself realistic goals.
Omegle is a great website for people who like chatting with foreign people.
Communities.com is one of the best websites for making new friends.
Some people say my love cannot be true.
You can't make everyone happy.
There are many people who think that it’s impossible not to mix up languages.
See "/docs" for the full documentation for this API.
What the hell is it with you?
What the hell is wrong with you?
What the fuck is it with you?
I know you recently got a job.
I'm eating an apple.
My children often ask me for money.
I realized that putting this thing into practice was hard.
There are 1,English words written down in this vocabulary book, and they all have to be memorized by July.
Do you think that e-books will replace paper books?
We got rid of the mice in their house.
Grandmother's passing away came as a great blow to the entire family.
Grandmother died, leaving the whole family stunned.
Of the two of them, the taller one went out first.
In exchange I gave her a doll.
I know a kid with two cowlicks in his hair. Two!
Their boat is adrift.
The bill was drifting along for years.
So many who see how the world is drifting away and so few who put their hands out to stop it!
He's Tony.
In cookies, he only eats the filling.
The boss is thinking of firing an employee.
We sail tomorrow.
Tom needs to do that now.
Tom has to do that now.
Did you get another cat?
The boss is thinking about firing Tom.
The boss considered firing Tom, but decided against it.
I am going on.
All racists are hypocrites.
But do you receive the messages?
And when are you going?
I can't forget Marika.
What's so special about Marika?
Marika has always wanted to learn Japanese.
Why was Marika so fascinated with Japan?
Did Marika want to go to Japan?
Did Marika dream about going to Japan?
Has Marika ever visited Japan?
What did Marika say about life in Japan?
Did Marika like her trip to Japan?
Does Marika want to go back to Japan?
Did Marika talk much about Japan?
Did Marika have penfriends from Japan?
Did Marika understand Japanese?
Why was Marika so interested in Japanese culture?
Did Marika dress like a Japanese woman?
Did Marika teach you some words of Japanese?
Marika looks like a Japanese woman on this picture.
Does Marika like Japanese cars?
Does Marika eat at Japanese restaurants?
Does Marika like Japanese food?
Can Marika read and write Japanese?
Does Marika know any jokes in Japanese?
Does Marika watch Japanese films?
Why doesn't Marika work as a Japanese-Finnish translator?
Did Marika translate any comic books from Japanese into Finnish?
Did Marika like Japanese comic books?
Did Marika encourage you to learn Finnish?
Did Marika write you letters in Finnish?
Tom wrote Mary a letter.
I know you like what Tom gave me.
Better dead than red.
Who was Marika?
Where did you meet Marika?
In which language did you speak with Marika before you learnt Finnish?
How long did it take you to learn Finnish?
Did Marika agree to come and live with you in Algeria?
How long did Marika live in Algeria?
Did Marika speak Swedish?
Did Marika teach you Swedish as well?
I found Swedish easier to learn than Finnish.
Did Marika take you to her father's farm in Iisalmi?
You mean that you preferred to speak Swedish rather than Finnish with Marika?
Does Tom speak French?
Do you remember any words in Finnish?
Can Tom speak French?
Is Tom any good at French?
Marika was happy every time I said something in Finnish.
Did Marika understand Estonian?
Tom told me that he wanted to study French.
Did Marika read the Quran?
Did Marika show you how to milk cows?
When was the first time you kissed Marika?
Do you remember the first time you kissed Marika?
Tom doesn't seem to understand French.
When was the first time you asked Marika out?
How many brothers and sisters did Marika have?
Do you think Marika is ready to agree to live in Algeria?
What does Marika know about Algeria?
What does Marika think about Algeria?
Marika looks like an Asian girl. Isn't she a Saami by any chance?
Although she looks like an Asian girl, Marika is not a Saami. She says that she's just Finnish.
Do you still want to talk to me?
I wish I could be here with you today.
I wish he could be here with us today.
I wish she could be here with us.
He's playing with his friends.
She's playing with her friends.
They're playing together.
I met a new friend today.
She met a new friend at school today.
She plays the flute.
He plays the guitar.
He plays the drum.
He plays in the school band.
The children are playing in the schoolyard.
The kids were playing in the schoolyard.
What's he renovating in the living room and kitchen?
He ran straight home after school.
She took care of her little brother while her mother was gone.
That doesn't change a thing.
Do you see it?
The children are playing marbles.
Do you have a lot to do?
Are you headed towards me?
She's doing quite well.
Both children were punished.
She's gentle and patient.
The men played cards and drank until late at night.
That watch is very cool.
Leave now!
You should leave immediately.
It's the best way to solve the problem.
I had no school today, so I spent the whole day at home watching TV.
Tom hasn't found out yet what Mary did.
I wonder if Tom knows what Mary did.
I suspect that Tom is unaware of what Mary has done.
There's a good chance that Tom doesn't know what Mary has done.
Take back what you said about me being a tightwad.
"Achoo!" "Bless you!" "Thanks."
Since we had no school today, I stayed home and watched TV all day.
I took a beetroot extract today.
How's your new job going?
I'm not very good at remembering names.
John is taller than anybody else.
It's so simple, only a child could do it.
It is easy to understand what he is trying to say.
They put him in jail.
Where is your brother? I need to see him immediately!
I give you my supreme word of honor.
Please, show me your photo.
What you have got is a cold, not the flu.
They put Tom in jail.
Am I a liar?
If anyone thinks differently, they surely do have a problem.
I've got a mate who works there.
I've known you for years.
Don't believe a single word of it.
Tomorrow we leave for Stockholm!
Stockholm is the capital of Sweden.
Yesterday I went to Stockholm.
I've never been to Oslo.
Lucullo had many golden cups.
Have you ever been to Scandinavia?
Have you ever been to Boston?
I lived in Boston when I was a kid.
Grow cucumbers and make good use of them.
It was hard to figure out what Tom was trying to say.
I wonder if Tom's parents will allow him to go with us.
Why should I believe you?
Thanks for all your hard work.
This book is red.
A man walked past him.
Hi, girls.
Who will give the party?
I returned the money to Maria.
Her presence is important to me.
I have to apologize to Ann.
I'm going to work by bicycle.
I go to work by bicycle.
I'll take my car.
This news made me suffer a lot.
A great ship needs deep waters.
How much money do you need?
Abel was killed by Cain.
On my desk there are many electronic devices.
Sorry about yesterday.
Do you help me?
We did the things good.
One day I will meet him.
We won't go for a walk if the weather's bad.
Have a nice sleep!
Lots of people get married on Saturdays.
At night he goes out in the city to drink something.
Tom goes out drinking every evening.
If the weather is bad, we won't go out for a walk.
I lived in a small town.
He rolled up his sleeves.
He took off his shirt.
Look at my arm.
The prince is handsome.
The princess fell in love with the prince instantly.
She fell in love with the prince.
The beautiful princess fell in love with the prince.
He gave her a kiss.
The prince and the princess fell instantly in love.
The handsome prince fell in love with a very beautiful princess.
He was strong, with broad shoulders and dark eyes.
The prince slew the dragon.
He wished to marry her.
He fell in love with a beautiful princess.
She fell in love with a prince.
They loved each other.
He's handsome and mysterious.
He has dark hair and dark eyes.
He wanted a back massage.
She twirled her hair.
What do you find attractive about him?
What do you find attractive about her?
I will never make that mistake again.
I didn't want to give Tom any money.
We saw a volcano called Vesuvio.
Etna is a volcano in Italy.
Tom can't abide veggies.
Cats usually meow.
A fence runs along the road.
Can you do it alone?
Divide this among yourselves.
Do you have any farm animals?
How much money should I take along with me?
I don't understand it completely, but I'll try to do what I can.
I saw an amusing comedy last night.
I'll be there, although I may be late.
I'm tired of altering my plans every time you change your mind.
I've become very interested in ancient art.
Measure each angle of the triangle.
Must I always go through this?
My greatest ambition is to be an opera singer.
Oh, that's ancient history!
Please give me another cup of coffee.
Read the story aloud.
That amuses me very much.
The room had only a bed, a table and a chair.
The skirt didn't fit so I had to alter it.
They just announced that on the radio.
They just announced their engagement.
They quarreled among themselves.
This is altogether different.
Try and find out when the train leaves.
We need a large amount of coal.
What are you angry about?
What does the bill amount to?
What's your annual income?
Why do you keep saying there's ample time?
You alone can help me.
You may also come.
You've probably seen that already.
I'll never make that mistake again.
Give me some sugar, too.
I don't like this room. May I have another one?
Just between ourselves, I don't think he's going to succeed.
Look through these papers.
My knowledge of French doesn't amount to much.
Tom has no ambition.
Tom is always smiling.
Tom is hurt! Call an ambulance!
Tom was an ambulance driver in the war.
We always look forward to Tom's annual visit.
Are you angry at him?
Tom was at home alone.
A hermit is a person who lives in a simple way apart from others especially for religious reasons.
It's a simple mistake.
I don't like when movie trailers give away the movie.
This guy deserves a medal.
After cutting the wood, use sandpaper to make it smooth.
This Chinese woman is the most polite person I have ever seen.
The old man had a long grey beard.
I always brush my teeth after having eaten sweets.
How does Tom plan to cope with the problem?
Tom has trouble coping with people like Mary.
Tom has trouble dealing with people like Mary.
Tom has trouble dealing with stress.
Tom has trouble dealing with this kind of situation.
Most people who hear Tom speaking French would never guess that he wasn't a native speaker.
If you want to really improve your French, you should move to a country where it's spoken.
If I'd studied French harder when I was in school, I'd probably not be so bad at it now.
Even though I studied French for three years in school, I'm not good at speaking it.
We learned how to read French in school, but didn't really learn how to speak it.
Is it necessary to live in a French-speaking country to become fluent in French?
Tom spends all day speaking French at school and only speaks English at home.
The teacher claimed that he'd have us all speaking fluent French in three months.
If I'd been able to speak French then, I wouldn't have gotten into trouble.
Some people say that French is one of the most beautiful languages in the world.
I should be studying French, but it's more fun hanging out with you guys.
At first, Tom thought French was difficult, but now he thinks it's easy.
Tom had always wanted to study French and he finally got his chance to.
If you'd like to study French with a native speaker, please contact me.
I haven't used French in a long time and I've forgotten a lot of words.
Even though I know a little French, I think we should speak in English.
It took me more than three hours to translate that report into French.
After studying French for three years, Tom could speak it fairly well.
The best way to learn French is to live in a French-speaking country.
Many people who hear Tom speaking French think he's a native speaker.
My French got better after I got married to a native French speaker.
Tom tells everyone that he can't speak French, but that's not true.
I've just started to learn French, so I'm not very good at it yet.
I've been studying French for a long time, but I'm not yet fluent.
I don't often have a chance to speak French with a native speaker.
The teacher would only allow us to speak French in the classroom.
Tom doesn't like people to know that he can't speak French well.
Tom and Mary were speaking in French when John entered the room.
I'm pretty sure this book has never been translated into French.
Tom didn't begin to study French until he was thirty years old.
The teacher wouldn't allow us to speak French in the classroom.
I'm afraid I won't be able to make myself understood in French.
I'll help you with your French, if you help me with my English.
I wonder if there is any reason to translate this into French.
I still have difficulty in making myself understood in French.
Tom speaks French well, but not as well as he speaks English.
Someone spoke to me in French, but I couldn't understand him.
Tom is better at speaking French than any of his classmates.
Tom can speak French almost as well as he can speak English.
This is the first time I've ever written a letter in French.
I'm more interested in spoken French than in written French.
Yesterday was the first time I had spoken to Tom in French.
Tom is the only student in our class that can speak French.
My French isn't perfect, but I can communicate well enough.
I wish I had had the chance to learn French in high school.
Tom is the only student in our class who can speak French.
Tom could hardly speak French at all when I first met him.
If I could speak French half as well as you, I'd be happy.
Tom showed me the letter that Mary had written in French.
Could you teach me some French phrases that I might need?
I think this book has never been translated into French.
I studied French in school, but I'm not very good at it.
I can't express myself in French as well as I'd like to.
French isn't as difficult to learn as some people think.
We all took it for granted that Tom could speak French.
Tom gave Mary advice on effective ways to study French.
Tom doesn't have a very good French-English dictionary.
Tom can read some French, but he can't speak it at all.
Since it's written in easy French, I can understand it.
I studied French for three years with a native speaker.
We want to hire someone who can speak French fluently.
Tom finds it much easier to speak French than English.
Tom doesn't know how to write a love letter in French.
Tom couldn't speak any French, so we spoke in English.
Tom asked Mary if he could borrow her French textbook.
None of my children are able to communicate in French.
It's been three years since I started to study French.
I'm going to sign up for a French class next semester.
I wish I had studied French harder when I was younger.
I want to write my girlfriend a love letter in French.
I heard Tom speak French yesterday for the first time.
Do I have to fill out this application form in French?
Can you remember the first word you learned in French?
When was the last time you heard French being spoken?
Tom translated the document from French into English.
Tom doesn't remember his first French teacher's name.
It wasn't easy for me to write this letter in French.
I've kept a diary in French for the past three years.
I wish I had studied French harder while I was young.
How much time do you spend studying French every day?
You have to study French whether you like it or not.
Until yesterday, I had never heard Tom speak French.
Tom speaks French better than any of his classmates.
My friends say I speak better French when I'm drunk.
I'm afraid I can't make myself understood in French.
I'd like you to translate this document into French.
I'd like to study French, but I don't have the time.
I realized I needed to study French a little harder.
Tom practices speaking French every chance he gets.
Tom can speak French much more fluently than I can.
If Tom could speak French, I'd hire him right away.
I've heard French is a difficult language to learn.
I wish I could speak French half as well as you do.
Can you introduce me to a lawyer who speaks French?
Can you introduce me to a doctor who speaks French?
Tom makes a lot of mistakes when he speaks French.
Some people think Tom's native language is French.
Most of my classmates can speak French quite well.
It's a pity that I don't understand French better.
In my opinion, French is a hard language to learn.
I'd like you to translate this report into French.
I'd like you to translate this letter into French.
I wish I could speak French like a native speaker.
I took it for granted that Tom could speak French.
I can't speak French without making some mistakes.
Can you introduce me to someone who speaks French?
All of us can speak French, so let's speak French.
Tom speaks French as if he were a native speaker.
Tom seldom makes mistakes when writing in French.
Tom can speak both French and English quite well.
Tom and Mary don't really speak French very well.
The people in the other room are speaking French.
I'm studying French because I need it for my job.
I just wish I could speak French a little better.
I have quite a few friends who speak French well.
Everybody knows Tom can't speak French very well.
Tom can speak both French and English very well.
Some of my friends can speak French fairly well.
I've just now finished doing my French homework.
I wish I could speak French half as well as you.
I really want to learn to speak French fluently.
I find it difficult to express myself in French.
Do you know whether or not Tom can speak French?
Tom doesn't speak French as fluently as you do.
Tom doesn't know what this is called in French.
Tom couldn't speak French when I first met him.
There are a lot of French books in the library.
In high school, French was my favorite subject.
I've heard that French is a difficult language.
Have you ever heard someone speaking in French?
Could you please say that once again in French?
All of the students at our school study French.
What was the first word you learned in French?
Tom teaches French at the school Mary goes to.
Tom studied French for three hours last night.
Tom had Mary translate the letter into French.
This looks a little like French, but it isn't.
The woman who answered the phone spoke French.
Some of Tom's students speak French very well.
I'm sorry, but I don't understand French well.
I was surprised that Tom spoke French so well.
I started studying French when I was thirteen.
I often make mistakes when speaking in French.
I never realized Tom was interested in French.
I managed to make myself understood in French.
I know that you are learning French at school.
I kept a diary in French when I was a student.
Do you have any similar expressions in French?
We have been studying French for three years.
Until last night, I had never sung in French.
Tom translated the letter into French for me.
Tom studied French last night until midnight.
Tom plans to hire someone that speaks French.
Tom grew up speaking both French and English.
Tom doesn't speak French as fluently as Mary.
They don't understand me when I speak French.
Most signs around here are written in French.
I'm amazed at Tom's rapid progress in French.
I wish I could speak French the way Tom does.
I need to hire somebody who can speak French.
I don't speak French as fluently as Tom does.
I can only speak French and a little English.
Have you ever tried telling a joke in French?
Do you sell any guidebooks written in French?
Can you make yourselves understood in French?
What's your main reason for studying French?
Tom's novel has been translated into French.
Tom started studying French three years ago.
Tom pretended that he couldn't speak French.
Tom plans to hire someone who speaks French.
Tom doesn't speak French as fluently as you.
I'd like to improve my French pronunciation.
I use flashcards to study French vocabulary.
I only speak French at home with my parents.
I know somebody who speaks French very well.
I couldn't make myself understood in French.
Have you ever heard someone speaking French?
French is the only language I'm any good at.
You're good at speaking French, aren't you?
Tom was reading a letter written in French.
Tom translated a French novel into English.
Tom interpreted what Mary said into French.
Tom and Mary speak to each other in French.
Tom and Mary are both able to speak French.
I'm having a hard time with French grammar.
I'd like you to translate this into French.
I'd like to hire someone who speaks French.
I want to be able to speak French fluently.
How long ago did you start studying French?
Have you finished your French homework yet?
Everybody knew Tom could speak French well.
Do you have any employees who speak French?
Could you help me write a letter in French?
Tom sent Mary a message written in French.
Tom pretends he doesn't understand French.
Tom is working hard to improve his French.
Tom can speak French almost as well as me.
Tom applied for a job as a French teacher.
Only a few of my friends can speak French.
Is there anyone here who can speak French?
I've been teaching French for three years.
I'd like to find a French-speaking doctor.
I think I'm really not any good at French.
I study French at least an hour every day.
I started studying French three years ago.
I have three friends who can speak French.
I didn't know that Tom could speak French.
French is not all that difficult to learn.
Everybody knows Tom can speak French well.
You're pretty good at French, aren't you?
Will you help me with my French homework?
Who can speak French better, Tom or Mary?
We usually speak to each other in French.
Unfortunately, I hardly speak any French.
Tom asked Mary if she could speak French.
Speaking French is very difficult for me.
I'm going to study French this afternoon.
I think I'm really not so good at French.
I study French for three hours every day.
Have you already started learning French?
Do you know whether Tom can speak French?
You should try to learn a little French.
Tom translated the document into French.
Tom translated the contract into French.
Tom speaks French like a native speaker.
Tom can speak French as well as you can.
Some people say French is easy to learn.
Is French a difficult language to learn?
If you speak French, I won't understand.
I'm going to study French next semester.
I was amazed at Tom's fluency in French.
I received a letter in French last week.
I don't feel like studying French today.
I don't feel like speaking French today.
I can't speak French as well as Tom can.
Does anyone in your office speak French?
Does anyone in your family speak French?
Do you have a similar proverb in French?
Can I talk to someone who speaks French?
What's the easiest way to learn French?
We often hear French being spoken here.
Tom speaks French as well as Mary does.
Tom didn't like French class very much.
Is it really that hard to speak French?
Is French taught in elementary schools?
I'm pretty sure Tom can't speak French.
I wrote to my French teacher in French.
I wish I could have spoken more French.
I think your French has improved a lot.
I think French is a difficult language.
I know a man who can speak French well.
I hear you're studying French with Tom.
I don't know how to say that in French.
How many years have you studied French?
How long have you been teaching French?
How long have you been studying French?
Have you ever given a speech in French?
Do both Tom and Mary understand French?
Can you count to one hundred in French?
You really do speak French quite well.
Tom's book was translated into French.
Tom translated the letter into French.
Tom speaks only French to his parents.
Tom speaks French to his grandparents.
Tom says he can speak a little French.
Tom can speak both French and English.
Let's sing some French songs together.
Is French more difficult than English?
I wonder if Tom would teach me French.
I wish I had a good French dictionary.
I translated Tom's letter into French.
I study French after dinner every day.
I know someone who speaks French well.
How long has Tom been studying French?
Have you ever taught French to anyone?
Have you ever spoken to Tom in French?
Does French have a similar expression?
Does anyone on your team speak French?
Tom wants to learn some French songs.
Tom likes French and he's good at it.
Tom enjoys reading French literature.
Tom and Mary weren't speaking French.
Please say that once again in French.
If you'd prefer, we can speak French.
I've written several songs in French.
I've decided to stop studying French.
I'm not very good at speaking French.
I'll study French harder from now on.
I wish I could speak French like you.
I wanted to speak in French with Tom.
I still don't speak French very well.
I practiced speaking French with Tom.
I need a lawyer who can speak French.
I have to use French all day at work.
I had to study French in high school.
I forgot Tom knew how to read French.
Do you know anyone who speaks French?
Would you prefer to speak in French?
Why are you studying French so hard?
Where did you learn to speak French?
What's the best way to learn French?
We study French at school every day.
Tom teaches French at a high school.
Tom speaks French as well as you do.
Tom claims that he can speak French.
Tom can both speak and write French.
This book is written in easy French.
I've studied French for three years.
I'm not good at speaking French yet.
I think French grammar is difficult.
I never knew Tom could speak French.
I can't speak French as well as Tom.
Have you ever read any French poems?
Have you ever read a book in French?
Do you know if Tom can speak French?
Would you sing us a song in French?
Why did you decide to study French?
Who taught Tom how to speak French?
When did you start studying French?
When did you start learning French?
When did you begin studying French?
When did you begin learning French?
What books have you read in French?
Tom teaches me French twice a week.
Tom spoke in French at the meeting.
Tom speaks French better than Mary.
Tom speaks both French and English.
Tom is terrible at speaking French.
Tom has read a lot of French books.
Tom enjoys reading books in French.
Tom doesn't speak French very well.
Tom doesn't speak a word of French.
Tom can speak French like a native.
Tom can hardly speak French at all.
Tom can also speak a little French.
I'm pretty good at French, I think.
I always got good grades in French.
Have you heard Tom speaking French?
Where did you pick up your French?
Tom's French is surprisingly good.
Tom's French is really quite good.
Tom speaks French to his teachers.
Tom speaks French as well as Mary.
Tom speaks French as well as I do.
Tom gave Mary a French dictionary.
Tom encouraged me to learn French.
Tom didn't speak French very well.
The article was written in French.
Please translate this into French.
Is French pronunciation difficult?
I've never heard Tom speak French.
I'd like to speak French fluently.
I wonder where Tom studied French.
I wish I could have spoken French.
I was impressed with Tom's French.
I want to become a French teacher.
I think my French isn't very good.
I grew up speaking French at home.
I feel like speaking French today.
I don't know many words in French.
How come you speak French so well?
Do you have any French newspapers?
All of our meetings are in French.
Why did Tom want to learn French?
Why can Tom speak French so well?
Tom's French is better than mine.
Tom told me that he spoke French.
Tom speaks French to some extent.
Tom speaks French better than me.
Tom speaks French as well as you.
Tom signed up for a French class.
Tom majored in French in college.
Tom is very interested in French.
Tom has a good command of French.
Tom doesn't like to speak French.
Tom can speak French and English.
Tom can handle French quite well.
The message is written in French.
I don't understand French at all.
How come you know French so well?
Do you think French is difficult?
Do you have any French magazines?
You know some French, don't you?
You can speak French, can't you?
What do you call this in French?
Tom will study French next year.
Tom went abroad to study French.
Tom wanted Mary to learn French.
Tom spoke French quite fluently.
Tom speaks with a French accent.
Tom speaks French like a native.
Tom speaks French as well as me.
Tom has to speak French at work.
Tom failed French last semester.
Tom didn't understand my French.
Tom can hardly speak any French.
Tom also speaks a little French.
Speaking French is a lot of fun.
Is it difficult to learn French?
I'm taking French this semester.
I'd like to be a French teacher.
I think Tom was speaking French.
I think my French is really bad.
I teach French at a high school.
I like to write songs in French.
I don't think Tom speaks French.
How long has Tom studied French?
How do you say "love" in French?
French isn't my native language.
French is pretty hard, isn't it?
Does Tom study French every day?
Do you know how to speak French?
Do you have any books in French?
Do you have a French dictionary?
Are you good at speaking French?
Your French has improved a lot.
You should study French harder.
You don't speak French, do you?
You can't read French, can you?
You can read French, can't you?
Tom's French is almost perfect.
Tom went there to learn French.
Tom teaches French to children.
Tom knows some words in French.
Tom is a native French speaker.
Tom gets good grades in French.
Tom can't speak French, can he?
Tom can sing some French songs.
This book is written in French.
Speaking French is easy for me.
Not all of us can speak French.
I'd prefer not to speak French.
I think Tom speaks French well.
I know a man who speaks French.
I have hardly any French books.
I don't think Tom knows French.
I don't speak a word of French.
I asked Tom to teach me French.
I always speak French with Tom.
Have you begun studying French?
French isn't my first language.
Does Tom speak French fluently?
Does someone here speak French?
Do they both understand French?
Did you study French yesterday?
Ask Tom if he can speak French.
You have to speak French here.
Tom speaks French, doesn't he?
Tom speaks French really well.
Tom speaks French fairly well.
Tom sometimes sings in French.
Tom has a lot of French books.
Tom got good grades in French.
Tom doesn't speak much French.
Tom can speak French a little.
Tom can speak a little French.
Tom came here to study French.
Is French harder than English?
I'm learning French on my own.
I'd like to improve my French.
I want to be fluent in French.
How do you say that in French?
French is my favorite subject.
French is difficult, isn't it?
Does anyone here speak French?
Do your children speak French?
Do you study French every day?
Do you study French at school?
Do you speak French every day?
Do you sell French newspapers?
Tom teaches French in Boston.
Tom studies French every day.
Tom knows how to read French.
Tom can speak French as well.
Please speak to me in French.
My native language is French.
My French is not good at all.
I've started learning French.
I'm writing a song in French.
I wish I'd kept up my French.
I understand French a little.
I only speak French with Tom.
I only speak a little French.
I don't want to study French.
I don't have to study French.
Have you ever sung in French?
Everyone had to learn French.
Does anyone here know French?
Do your parents speak French?
Do your children know French?
Do you read French every day?
Can anyone here speak French?
Are you able to speak French?
You study French, don't you?
Tom speaks very good French.
Tom speaks French very well.
Tom speaks French perfectly.
Tom refused to speak French.
Tom is proficient in French.
Tom is also studying French.
Tom is able to speak French.
Tom gave a speech in French.
Tom can't speak much French.
Tom always speaks in French.
Maybe I should study French.
It's fun to speak in French.
I'm studying French at home.
I wish I could speak French.
I prefer to write in French.
I have difficulty in French.
I can speak French a little.
I can speak a little French.
You speak French very well.
You like French, don't you?
Why is your French so good?
Tom's French is quite good.
Tom speaks French a little.
Tom speaks a little French.
My French is getting rusty.
Is it hard to learn French?
I'm trying to learn French.
I'd prefer to speak French.
I wrote a letter in French.
I speak French to my staff.
I like to write in French.
All of us can speak French.
Why should I learn French?
Who's your French teacher?
We learn French at school.
Tom's French is excellent.
Tom taught me some French.
Tom spoke to me in French.
Tom is our French teacher.
Tom is majoring in French.
Tom can speak French, too.
The message was in French.
Speaking in French is fun.
My French isn't very good.
I'm going to study French.
I'm going to learn French.
I'm focusing on my French.
I want to speak in French.
I like speaking in French.
I know a few French songs.
I have a few French books.
I don't understand French.
I don't speak French well.
Can you speak French, too?
Can you speak French well?
Your French is improving.
We study French together.
Tom always speaks French.
I'm interested in French.
I'd like to study French.
I'd like to learn French.
I teach French to adults.
I study French every day.
I study French at school.
I need French for my job.
I keep a diary in French.
I have some French books.
I don't speak any French.
How did you learn French?
Do you still hate French?
Do you speak French well?
Are they speaking French?
Tom's French is perfect.
Tom is a French teacher.
Please don't use French.
Please answer in French.
I'm studying French now.
I'm learning French now.
I'm able to read French.
I wish you spoke French.
I speak French a little.
I couldn't speak French.
Can't they speak French?
Can you teach me French?
Can you count in French?
Are you studying French?
Your French is perfect.
Tom understands French.
Tom spoke French to me.
Tom speaks good French.
Tom speaks French well.
Tom helps me in French.
Tom can't speak French.
Please teach me French.
I'm not good at French.
I want to speak French.
I study French at home.
I need to learn French.
I like to study French.
I like studying French.
I know a little French.
I have to study French.
I have to learn French.
I already speak French.
Do you write in French?
Do you think in French?
Do you dream in French?
Can't you speak French?
All of us speak French.
Who taught you French?
We're studying French.
We're learning French.
Tom teaches me French.
Tom is good at French.
Let's speak in French.
I spoke French to Tom.
Tom can speak French.
I'm a French teacher.
I got an A in French.
Your French is good.
We all speak French.
Is this good French?
I'm studying French.
I'm learning French.
I must learn French.
I don't like French.
Do you study French?
Can you read French?
Tom teaches French.
Tom studies French.
Let's study French.
Let's speak French.
I'm sick of French.
Do you like French?
Do you know French?
Tom speaks French.
This isn't French.
I dream in French.
Tom spoke French.
We study French.
I teach French.
I speak French.
I love French.
I like French.
I hate French.
The student cringed when he heard the principal's voice.
Double click the map to zoom in on a place.
After the race, everyone stood around panting for five or ten minutes.
To find my keys, I retraced my steps from the last hour.
My dog likes to gnaw on bones.
If you dangle a shoelace in front of my cat, she'll play with it.
It is important to immunize children against polio.
The enemy's forces outnumber us ten to one.
Hospitals routinely sterilize their equipment for safety.
If you don't pay rent, the landlord will evict you.
This house is infested with termites.
Next year, this gravel road will be paved.
Many people wanted to impeach President Nixon.
The boy lost his sandal in the field.
Some people feel that hitchhiking is dangerous.
On Friday we will have a press conference.
The London air was, at best, not much to boast about.
I sent him my picture.
He sent me his picture.
Finally I have time to reply to the mail I received these three weeks.
I still care.
Without his help, I might fail.
I'm sorry. I'm so sorry.
The bridge collapsed.
The view from the hotel was very beautiful.
The check engine light is on.
You should perform regular maintenance on your car.
We still haven't Known what is the flower's name we saw at that day.
My little sister couldn't be this pretty.
An awful accident happened yesterday.
Can't anything be done?
Don't throw anything away.
Every available car was being used.
Everybody who was anybody was there.
Have you been away?
How do you tell them apart?
How long have you been away?
I can't answer this question.
I couldn't anticipate that that would happen.
I didn't want to go anyway.
I don't want to go anywhere tonight.
I was awake most of last night.
I was awakened at five o'clock.
I'll take any job you can offer me.
I'm anxious to succeed.
I'm not wide awake yet.
Is there anything for me?
Is Tom awake yet?
It might rain, but I'm going anyhow.
It's quite apparent that you don't want to do this for me.
It's raining, but we'll go anyway.
It's thirty kilometers away.
On the average, I go to the movies once a week.
Please take this away.
Take anything you like.
Take it apart if necessary.
That kind of story appeals to me.
The attendants anticipated all our needs.
The defendant was granted an appeal.
The house stands apart from the others.
The lawyer decided to appeal the case.
The physics laboratory has the best apparatus I've ever seen.
There was a larger crowd at the concert than we had anticipated.
Tom and Mary hated one another.
Tom appealed to his friends for sympathy.
Tom avoided Mary.
Tom is aware of his shortcomings.
Tom is well aware of what is going on at the office.
Tom may come at any time.
We want to rent an apartment in the city.
What's the average temperature here?
Will anybody be at the station to meet me?
Intuitively, the basic atomic unit of meaning is a word.
The word "house" evokes the mental image of a rectangular building with a roof and smoking chimney, which may be surrounded by grass and trees and inhabited by a happy family.
The salaryman proposed to the director's daughter, but he was rejected.
We had a great evening yesterday with my brothers and my friends, and the barbecue was very good, too.
Stop goofing off and finish your work.
He felt that he was being used.
At ten years old his hair turned grey.
The dog chewed off my boot.
The dog chewed up my boot.
It seems a shawl for the elderly in that position!
It looks like a shawl for the elderly in that position!
That spaceship is badass.
Where the fuck did the sun go?
Don't say bullshit!
Stop saying bullshit!
Who's the one who's writing this bullshit?
Who wrote this bullshit?
Finally, I managed to publish it.
What's this miserable dog and pony show?
I feel outcast.
Why do you want to outcast me?
Studying is making me a social outcast!
I keep this bottle separate from all the others.
Set this aside for me.
Lay this aside for me.
Where do you keep your gardening tools?
Tom is shorter than average.
We're giving this away for free.
What's the last thing you were ever happy about?
Sometimes it's fun to creep yourself out thinking about it.
The only thing that would have made it better is if it was cooked.
Get them before they get us.
What pain are you trying to cover up with alcohol?
That lecture was a waste of time.
That meeting was a waste of time.
Are you trying to suggest that my emotional problems are no different than those of a stupid person？
Apparently we're just two peas in a pod.
I didn't get to spend a lot of time with you on this visit.
So it seems that cloud of odorless deadly gas had a silver lining after all.
Sarcasm?
Would you stop that caterwauling?
Dibs.
She's more popular than me.
He's more popular than me.
She's more popular than me on Facebook.
I hate drama.
I don't like drama.
Is this a sign?
I really feel like crying right now.
He's a rice farmer.
The funeral is tomorrow.
I think he's too shy to talk to you.
I think she's too shy to talk to you.
People lie every day.
We all do it.
Everyone does it.
I want to speak to a lawyer.
He's clearly lying.
She's clearly lying.
She's a dancer.
He's a dancer.
She's planting flowers in the garden.
They rarely go out.
We rarely go out.
Tom and Mary rarely go out.
She had a sheltered life.
You're free to live your life the way you want.
She has led a very sheltered life.
It was my husband's idea.
He wants to have my telephone number.
She wears long skirts.
Mary often wears long skirts.
Show me that.
Show me that list.
I have to find that.
Would you please show me your photo album?
There is nothing exciting about the special forces. You just learn how to suffer and there is nothing good in that.
There is nothing special in the special forces. You just learn how to swim in shit, eat shit and live in shit.
In the special forces, they also teach you how to eat shit and how to love eating it.
In the special forces, they teach you a lot of military skills. You learn a lot of things, and you got to learn fast.
In the special forces, the first thing you lose is your self-esteem. They'll make you hate yourself. Then they'll make you hate the others. Then, they'll teach you how to harm without having any compassion to the others.
True zombies are to be found in the special forces. When you spend a week in the cold, without sleeping, you become a zombie, and the only thing you feel is hatred. Hatred towards yourself, hatred towards the others. And the only thing you think about is to finish your job and go back to where you can enjoy a "good sleep".
Mario and Luigi are brothers.
I studied French a long time ago, but now all I remember is "bonjour."
Tom and John are brothers.
Mary and Alice are sisters.
First, I'd like to thank God.
There's a lot of work to do.
Tom has been acting strange lately.
The Vatican is an independent country.
The Vatican is the smallest country in the world.
Pope Francis is the first Latin American pope.
Fishing is illegal around here.
"Marco!" "Polo!"
Does she plan on coming back home on Monday?
I keep in touch with my friends and relatives through Facebook.
She deleted her Facebook account.
I deleted my Facebook account.
It's very dangerous.
This is where I sleep.
She won't listen to me.
He won't listen to me.
Fishing is not allowed here.
Fishing is prohibited here.
The Grand Canyon is a well-known tourist destination.
Is there anything else you want to know?
Mencius said, 'A great man is the one who does not lose his heart of a child.'
The great one always has a pure heart.
Tom knows exactly how I like my hair done.
Don’t you try and blame this on him.
There's an upside to everything so it's unnecessary to focus on the good; on the contrary, we should instead be pushing for reversals because it's only through setbacks that we improve and see decisive opportunities clearly.
But will it be a problem?
It's like I always thought.
Practice make master.
When I was a kid, I often went to the beach to go swimming.
My father is healthy.
I want to become a singer, at any cost.
If you do that, we'll no longer be friends.
Would you please help me translate this?
I've never trusted Tom.
Open the faucet and see if the hot water's back.
Surely the most honorable of you with Allah is the most righteous of you.
I agreed.
Something flew by in front of my eyes.
And spy not, neither backbite one another. Would any of you love to eat the flesh of his dead brother? You would abhor that!
Someone is calling me. It might be Adil.
I believe that you'll definitely be able to get first place.
There are plenty more fish in the sea besides him.
He laid a charge against her.
This pilaf is so filling that I'm full after just two spoonfuls.
We all know that he's the richest man in our city.
I feel like having some kebab.
We must suspect that last night a criminal broke into the house.
If even I don't know this, how would you know?
Tonight I'm getting drunk!
Is there a zoo inside the park?
It's a waste of time to study when you're sleepy.
You're spreading false news.
If I - as young as I am - can't make it out, then how would you, old as you are, be able to?
Why did you choose this company?
If even she can't get a perfect score on the exam, then how will you be able to?
We need to build a fire.
We need some more firewood.
Very well. And you?
My family's well. And how about all of yours?
We're definitely going. You?
Of course that's the way it is!
"Does your friend know about this?" "Naturally."
"Teacher, have you read this book?" "Of course."
I didn't mean to make him feel bad.
I didn't mean to hurt Tom's feelings.
I didn't mean to hurt anyone's feelings.
As for me, I won't be able to attend today's meeting.
As far as he goes, he's not a good doctor.
Concerning this computer, it broke a few days ago.
My computer stopped working a few days ago.
We invited him and, lo and behold, he didn't come.
Look, it's very easy to fall down now if you're not careful.
My bed never felt so good.
Holidays? What are they?
This is a very good restaurant, and with an excellent environment, as well.
He'll get sloppy.
Not only is Tursun a good coach, but he cooks for us as well.
This flower has a very nice fragrance, and a beautiful color, as well.
How beautiful we are!
She just came home today.
There are only three people in my family.
That wouldn't be so stupid.
All but two people were present there.
This is called true love.
The post office is just next to the bank.
The car broke after only a year's time.
It's just me who lives with my kids in Urumqi.
His sole job at the restaurant is making the food.
I can only speak English.
He came here a long time ago.
I've wanted to tell her that I love her for a long time now.
"Where'd you come from?" "Straight from Urumqi."
Go directly to the airport. Otherwise, you'll be late.
I've been interested in art ever since I was just a kid.
He rolled down his window.
We're not terminating you.
I guess my job is pretty undramatic.
You can now follow the Pope on twitter.
She entered college immediately after finishing high school.
I went off into my room as soon as I entered the house.
The teacher started class immediately after entering the classroom.
I fear that he may fall.
I fear that he may not fall.
The room got hot as soon as I turned on the steam.
No sooner did I see my son than I broke out crying.
Upon hearing this news, I was left frozen, not knowing what to do.
He just went talking on and on.
He found the book for me right away.
We finished the homework in no time at all.
I changed plans. Moving would be too expensive right now.
"One-one, this is one-two. Say again, you're coming in broken. Over."
She put the chicken in the oven.
In helicopters, the cyclic controls the tilt of the main rotor, producing pitch and roll.
He is looking for a good job.
Why do you not call her up?
In helicopters, yaw is controlled through the pedals, which alter the angle of attack of the tail rotor blades.
Hovering is very challenging for new helicopter pilots.
Tell the helicopter pilot to throw down a rope!
Juan de la Cierva invented the autogyro and the principles to make a helicopter work.
He hung his blazer on a hanger because it was really hot.
He hung his blazer on a hanger because he didn't want it to get wrinkled.
How many times do I have to tell you this?
When Tom woke up, he found that Mary had disappeared.
When Tom woke up, he found that Mary had vanished.
Say some sensible words. If no one is nearby to hear them, say them to yourself.
What costs a lot is worth a lot.
The illiterate of the twenty-first century will not be those who cannot read and write, but those who cannot learn, unlearn and relearn.
I've been lurking all night, waiting for you to come out of your bedroom.
How do you say that in your language?
I study many languages.
I need to study many languages.
I need to study many languages and I love it.
I study at a university.
My mom is a teacher, too.
I have so many brothers.
Thank you so much!
Words cannot describe how happy and blessed I am to have you.
Thank you so much for remembering.
One resists the invasion of armies; one does not resist the invasion of ideas.
How can I say that in your language?
Our landlady is a real battle-axe!
If you pay peanuts you get monkeys.
There are petals all over the floor.
They say a tiger never changes his stripes.
A leopard never changes his spots.
I'd like to be Chinese.
He's sitting in the meeting room.
Let's live life together!
I study at a university in Boston.
I study music at a university in Boston.
Tom is sitting in the conference room.
Tom is waiting in the conference room.
Karma is a nasty little bitch!
I know the reason why.
Bring my bags up to my room.
Do you bake every day?
I caught a bad cold.
I lost my balance and fell down the stairs.
I want to send my baggage on ahead.
It was a bad idea to wait so long.
It's awfully hot in here.
It's not a bad idea.
Let's hurry back to our hotel.
Mary is sewing baby clothes.
Move back a little.
Pull the curtain back.
Put it into a paper bag.
The band played a march.
The butter went bad.
The children played ball.
The weather has been bad for two weeks.
They're giving a big ball at the American Embassy tonight.
This bag is not big enough.
This bread was baked this morning.
Tom became sick from eating bad food.
Tom glanced backward over his shoulder and waved goodbye.
Tom turned his back on them and left the room.
We have been having awful weather.
We must baby Mary until she gets well again.
What is my balance?
Where is my ball?
Whose baby is this?
You'd better bandage the wound at once.
I love Chinese food, especially pot stickers and rice.
Tom was entranced by Mary's singing.
Could you help me translate this into French?
Tom was the victim of a heinous crime.
When Tom woke up, he found Mary reading a book at the desk.
What happened between you and Tom?
Anybody want to take a walk to the sea?
Does anybody want to take a walk to the beach?
The first person to talk to me, when I had just switched schools and had no friends, was Tom.
Please take a seat and wait.
Tom has a weak stomach.
Sport transcends borders.
Sport knows no borders.
Tom is only interested in good-looking girls.
It's great to see you got home safely. How was Australia?
He can't tell a cherry tree from a plum tree, but he can name them in twelve languages.
She is not innocent anymore.
Didn't you take also another picture?
We stayed there on our honeymoon.
Laughing is good for your health!
A prayer without faith is useless.
The devil teaches us his tricks but not how to hide them.
He travels best who travels alone.
Sooner or later the wicked are punished.
The tongue ever turns to the aching tooth.
Practice is better than theory.
Misfortune never comes singly.
The helicopter is at a hover.
"When you're ready, pick it up and hover over to the helipad."
When Tom woke up, Mary was on her bike heading over to his house.
This cathedral was built more than four centuries ago.
I can't say that to my dad.
The United States faced a Bubonic plague epidemic at the beginning of the twentieth century.
Tatoeba should be more important than anything else.
Why can't he come?
Don't ask me such difficult questions.
"Zero degrees Celsius! I've got a high fever." "Poor Mr. Snowman."
"Thirty-two degrees Fahrenheit! I'm burning up!" "Poor Mr. Snowman."
Tom is hungry for love.
What? You played with Jim? Eww, you're gonna get cooties.
Tom is dating an exchange student from China.
Kids are told they're going to catch "cooties" if they play with the opposite sex.
Did you know that George Bush's bush has cooties?
Tom is going out with a Chinese exchange student.
My grandmother on my mother's side lives in Osaka.
My grandfather on my mother's side passed away ten years ago.
I'd like to get this translated into French. Could you help me?
Tom heard something.
Tom heard something and went to find out what it was.
Tom heard something and wondered what it was.
Both Tom and Mary were screaming.
One morning, when I woke up, I found that all the bills in my wallet had changed into two-thousand yen bills.
I woke up one morning to find that all the bills in my wallet had turned into two-thousand yen bills.
The family dined together.
We spent more and more time at the computers.
I know what'll make you feel better.
I think it's disgusting.
I think Tom and Mary would make a nice couple.
I think Tom is a pretty remarkable person.
I think Tom is entirely wrong about Mary.
I think Tom is very sick.
I think Tom would love that.
I think we should continue this conversation outside.
I think you should answer the question.
I think you should be in bed.
I think you should be quiet.
I think you should bring Tom here.
I think you should buy this.
I think you should call Tom.
I think you should check under the bed.
I think you should check under the couch.
I think you should choose Tom.
I think you should come and see it.
I think you should come back to Boston.
I think you should come down here.
I think you should get it.
I think you should give Tom a chance.
I think you should give Tom your phone number.
I think you should go back with Tom.
I think you should go home.
I think you should go now.
I think you should go to Tom's funeral.
I think you should grow a beard.
I think you should have it.
I think you should join us.
I think you should listen to Tom.
I think you should look at this once more.
I think you should make the deal.
I think you should meet Tom in Boston.
I think you should meet Tom.
I think you should pick Tom.
I think you should quit.
I think you should read it yourself.
I think you should reconsider that.
I think you should reconsider this.
I think you should reconsider.
I think you should send Tom to Boston.
I think you should stay where you are.
I think you should stay.
I think you should still ask Tom.
I think you should stop.
I think you should take a look.
I think you should take some time off.
I think you should take the job Tom is offering you.
I think you should talk to someone.
I think you should talk to Tom.
I think you should tell Tom that.
I think you should wait.
I think you should wear a tie.
I think you shouldn't go.
I think you smell nice.
I think you still love Tom.
I think you underestimate Tom.
I think you were right.
I think you were wrong.
I think you will approve.
I think you would make a great father.
I think you'd be crazy not to go.
I think you'd be surprised.
I think you'd better come back home.
I think you'd better come with me.
I think you'd better give up.
I think you'd better lie down.
I think you'd better look at this.
I think you'd better rest for a while.
I think you'd better sit down.
I think you'd better stick with Tom.
I think you'd better tell Tom.
I think you'd like it in Boston.
I think you'd like it there.
I think you'd like it.
I think you'd like that.
I think you'd look distinguished with a beard.
I think you'd remember that.
I think you'll approve.
I think you'll be impressed.
I think you'll be interested in this.
I think you'll be pleasantly surprised.
I think you'll be pleased.
I think you'll be surprised.
I think you'll be very pleased.
I think you'll change your mind.
I think you'll enjoy it.
I think you'll feel the same way.
I think you'll find it interesting.
I think you'll find it very interesting.
I think you'll find it.
I think you'll find it's Tom's fault.
I think you'll find this interesting.
I think you'll know everybody at the party.
I think you'll like it.
I think you'll like this.
I think you're a liar.
I think you're a little confused.
I think you're absolutely right.
I think you're all wrong.
I think you're amazing.
I think you're an idiot.
I think you're being naive.
I think you're capable of anything.
I think you're doing a great job.
I think you're going to do great.
I think you're going to enjoy yourself tonight.
I think you're going to find this interesting.
I think you're going to like it.
I think you're going to like this one.
I think you're going to need this.
I think you're gorgeous.
I think you're hot.
I think you're imagining things.
I think you're lost.
I think you're mad.
I think you're making a big mistake.
I think you're making a mistake.
I think you're missing something.
I think you're missing the point.
I think you're mistaken.
I think you're old enough.
I think you're overreacting.
I think you're perfect.
I think you're probably wrong about that.
I think you're probably wrong.
I think you're putting in too much sugar.
I think you're really amazing.
I think you're really going to like it.
I think you're really going to like this.
I think you're right not to go.
I think you're right not to let Tom go.
I think you're swell.
I think you're the greatest.
I think you're the one who needs help.
I think you're the only one who cares.
I think you're trying too hard.
I think you're underestimating Tom.
I think you're very talented.
I think you're wasting your time.
I think you're working way too hard.
I think you've asked enough questions.
I think you've been here too long.
I think you've done enough.
I think you've done this before.
I think you've had enough.
I think you've had too much to drink.
I think you've hurt Tom's feelings.
I think you've made a big mistake.
I think you've made a mistake.
I think you've made a terrible mistake.
I think you've made your point.
I think you've missed the point.
I am sending him to California.
I'm sending Tom to Boston to help you.
I'll get Tom to go to Boston to help you.
And I want to study many languages because I want to understand the world. Currently, I'm working on my degree in Classical Greek.
She lives in a small house.
They live in a small house.
She married a fireman.
She married a firefighter.
I love flowers.
When is Tom's birthday?
Tom's birthday is March 25th.
There's a big party at his place.
She's eating spaghetti.
The horse lives in the stable.
Have you fed the horse?
Houseplants help purify the air.
The plants need to be watered.
This plant needs a lot of water.
This plant doesn't need a lot of light.
This plant is native to Canada.
This plant is indigenous to Canada.
This car comes with free satellite radio.
Interestingly, the way we understand words is not always that obvious.
Plants require COto grow.
In spoken language, we do not pause between words, a fact that is somewhat surprising. We seem to hear separate words; we can clearly make them out.
This is the future.
However, when listening to an unknown foreign language, our ability to discern different words is lost, and we recognize speech as being a stream of sounds without many pauses.
This plant is toxic to cats.
Cats sometimes chew on plants.
Consequences will never be the same!
He and I are friends.
Are you guys from Austria, or is it Australia?
He says that he has to go to Vienna the day after tomorrow.
Children have to learn foreign languages.
He isn't married.
He's not married.
He is not married.
It's Monday and it's sunny.
If you write, write correctly.
The math teacher explained the concept of partial differentiation.
You write better than I do.
Support vector machines are supervised learning models used for classification and regression analysis.
Don't be peeved.
Wonder is the true character of the philosopher.
Accept whatever happens and you will not suffer.
There's no reason for you to quit.
I have truly loved fake people.
There are many things that time does not heal.
Many are those that judge, few are those that understand you.
Alright, let's try to do this.
I don't want to be like those people that lose their health in the search for money and then lose their money in the search for health.
It's better to be an optimist and be wrong than to be a pessimist and be right.
She gave us a dubious answer.
According to our bargain, you have to pay half.
Clean the barrel of this rifle.
Don't touch the pot with bare hands.
I will make a bargain with you.
I'd like to open a bank account.
I wouldn't bank on it if I were you.
I'm afraid of bats.
Meet me in the bar.
My car needs a new battery.
Please fill the bath half full.
That dog's bark wouldn't even scare off a baby.
The apartment was completely bare when we moved in.
The bath is open on Saturdays.
The fallen tree barred our way.
The soldiers were sent back to their base.
They've gone to buy a baseball.
This book was a great bargain.
Tom batted the ball over the fence.
Tom bought a bar of chocolate.
Tom hit the ball so hard he split the bat.
Tom played a few bars of my favorite waltz.
Tom was standing at the bar when I walked into the club.
We should deposit this money in a bank.
What time do you usually bathe the baby?
What's your basis for saying this?
Where can I take a bath?
You'll find many bargains there.
You're not going to get to first base if you do it that way.
He based his report on the available statistics.
He was barred from entering this restaurant.
Today, I have other plans.
I have a wonderful plan.
Your complaints upset me.
Your complaints bore me.
It's better for you to do what your lawyer advises.
And for what?
I'm not an expert.
I'm not an expert in this field.
Everything looks blurry. I think I need a new pair of glasses.
She got a new pair of glasses.
He's intelligent, but lazy.
I don't want to end up like her.
I don't want to end up like him.
I don't want to end up like Tom.
She's always complaining about her ill health.
Bad weather doesn't last forever; human suffering will not endure forever.
She's always the worst in the class.
When I make other people angry, I always feel bad myself, whether it was my fault or not.
If the tree is bad, the fruits are bad.
Well done! That's not bad.
Finally, I didn't understand whether tea is good or bad for our health.
People are bad; they only think of themselves. I'm the only one who thinks about me.
You ought to give up smoking; it's bad for the health.
Not that there's anything wrong with that.
Worse than a simple fool is a fool believing himself intelligent.
The situation is worse than I thought.
His state of health has been bad now for several years.
Even after delivery, it is bad to drink alcohol during the period of breastfeeding.
Some are good, others bad.
Take a bicycle with you on the bus - can you do that in this country?
On your marks. Ready? Go!
I'm not a hipster.
He has a huge handlebar mustache.
He's wearing a sleeveless shirt and a trucker hat.
He only drinks that brand of beer.
This song makes me want to cry.
I listen to this song when I'm sad.
We hung out in the coffee shop.
I'm looking for a place to eat.
I need mascara.
Do you have some lip balm? My lips are dry.
She has oily skin.
I have a sensitive skin.
It's important to take care of your skin.
She's an esthetician.
She only listens to indie music.
Sorry, I'm probably going to be about minutes late.
They asked me to open the gate.
She's stupid and greedy.
He's greedy and stupid.
She's easily influenced.
She's materialistic and vain.
She's nuts.
He signed the petition.
She refused to sign the petition.
The trip wasn't all good. I got food poisoning and my classmate got dengue fever.
That would be silly.
Are you vegetarian?
You must be hiding something.
What are you hiding from me?
It's like magic.
I'm not going to sleep with you.
Different jobs require different tools.
My boyfriend is stupid.
Women are more complicated than men.
I thought she was in love with Tom.
He's been acting odd lately.
She's been acting odd lately.
She yelled at him.
It's just a rumor.
He's the only one who doesn't know.
She's the only one who doesn't know.
I was the only one who didn't know.
"No one likes you." "It's not true!"
It was a mistake to get back together with you.
It was a mistake to break up with you.
He's desperate.
It was my first kiss.
Did something happen between you and Tom?
I thought Tom was in love with Mary.
He lived in a rather meagre house.
I know a little tomcat that speaks Lithuanian.
The thermometer is almost my best friend.
Danzig is a heavy metal band.
Danzig is a Polish town.
A man was run over right in front of my house. I'm all alone and don't know what to do.
If the food's cold, put it in the microwave.
If you get hungry, there's food in the fridge.
Why buy a calculator if you already have one?
Pardon me for not getting back to you sooner.
I'm looking for someone who knows French.
Just know that you don't scare me.
My house is a hovel.
I live in a hovel.
The kitchen knife wasn't sharp enough to cut the meat, so I used my pocket knife.
We agree on this.
I am a fly!
How do I use this?
I want to learn Japanese.
It's all part of his narcissistic delirium.
Are you still angry with me?
I know that you're afraid of flying, but flying is not dangerous.
There is no rush.
Could you please help me with my schoolwork right now?
I work on my own.
Why didn't you get undressed yet?
We are all single.
The neighbors were enemies for years.
It may snow tonight.
I was outraged by Liisa's behavior.
The child is already baptized.
I'm not feeling like joking.
The moon looks so perfectly round right now, it could be the base of a cone.
Less is more.
The sick person was only skin and bones.
She got better very quickly.
He got better very quickly.
Not only can he speak Mandarin, but Shanghainese as well.
Have you ordered?
If you need anything, you can call, alright?
Why do you hide your thoughts?
I advise that you do as I want.
To want means to be able.
The dictionary is now available as an app for Android phones.
I will drive you to the new store.
I don't want any money.
I'll be back shortly.
The bus will be here shortly. Please wait a bit.
The bus will arrive shortly. Please wait a bit.
If I take the train today, tomorrow I'll already be in Beijing.
They set out at the rooster's call.
She calls me often.
She calls me all the time.
If you need anything, just call.
If you need help, feel free to call me.
If you need help, just ask.
Musa is an interesting guy.
Tom always seems to be on the phone with Mary.
Tom is an interesting guy.
Musa is a really interesting guy.
Tom is a pretty stupid guy.
Tom is the kind of guy lots of people just don't like.
Having finished eating this one thing, he didn't eat any of the others.
She has many admirers regardless where she goes.
He's finished every task he's ever taken up.
Regardless of which of these products it is, they're all expensive.
Dolkun is a handsome lad. Every girl who's seen him falls in love with him.
This sofa is very comfortable. Everyone who's sat on it loses the desire to get back up.
Tom is a handsome guy.
All the girls seem to have fallen in love with Tom.
I did not want to do that.
Have you decided what you want to order?
Do you know this comic?
Do you know this cartoon?
She went through a long and arduous vocational course.
Running the Inca Trail near Machu Picchu can be arduous.
I do not want anybody else.
They were always playing.
Your husband's dead and sends his love.
It was dead awkward.
Did you say it was teatime, Anne?
Leave your message after the beep.
Umm, I have a request...
On the Internet, in most cases, any required information is available for free.
They are sitting in the kitchen and drinking tea.
They sit in the kitchen and drink tea.
Excuse me, I have a request.
Working in the garden is a struggle nature is eventually going to win.
It's still a job.
Could you point me in the right direction?
The book was about quantum physics.
I didn't know what to do after that event.
In her job, she designs electrical circuits.
Calculus was discovered separately by Gottfried Leibniz and Isaac Newton.
The report has been recently published.
The programmers worked on the conversion to HTML5.
She did not agree with the ideological aims of the group.
The recruitment team looked for promising employees.
He is working on his art portfolio.
The empirical data from this experiment seems in line with the theoretical hypotheses.
The buildings were still intact after the flood.
This psychological study investigates the cognitive factors of memory.
Ideally we would like the project completed by Friday.
There is one electron in a hydrogen atom.
These studies make use of purposive sampling.
They study aerospace engineering at the university.
They expressed their indignity at the claims.
She works 9-every weekday.
There was still a glimmer of hope left.
The students have to analyze an excerpt from the book.
I read a synopsis of the film.
They are against nuclear power.
It was a daunting task.
He was in charge of the fundraising efforts.
Decentralized energy may make the widespread use of renewable energy a real possibility.
I don't appreciate unpunctuality.
They must believe in something.
The hen has eight chicks.
I've wanted to tell you this for a long time: Your cynical jokes are unbearable.
The topic is happiness.
The worst things never end.
They're very interesting things.
I don't live in Turin.
You're a wanker.
Because he's working alone today, it's taking him longer to finish the job.
Which of the two is more expensive?
She has more books than she can read.
She went to college to study English.
Rice does not like moisture. Be sure to store it well.
Put it in first and slowly let out the clutch while you gradually accelerate.
Take your foot off the clutch.
I broke the clutch.
He sidestepped the question.
Could you teach me your language?
It was my decision.
I like to study languages.
She shares a room with her sister.
He shares a room with his brother.
A man was killed by a beaver in Belarus.
Why are you aggressive today?
The course included writing literary analyses and essays.
He is studying to become a doctor.
Why am I getting beaten up instead of him?
She has four daughters, and all four are pretty.
I've got two cars, but they're both out of service.
I can also run on par with Adil.
I too can run just as fast as Adil.
This car can drive on par with that one there.
Black clouds began to come up.
Do this before anything else.
Don't step in the flower bed.
Follow the old river bed for two kilometers.
Haven't you begun yet?
I had never been there before.
I want a room with two beds.
I went to bed very late.
I'll phone you before I start.
I'll take roast beef.
Let's begin with soup.
The beehives are on the other side of the orchard.
The ground was covered with a heavy blanket of snow.
The question before us is a hard one.
The supplies began to run out.
They begged us to help them.
They will come before long.
Tom didn't blame us for what we said.
Tom made a beeline for home.
Tom took the blame for their mistake.
We must begin to work right away.
When I came he was still lying in bed.
A thick fog blanketed the city.
To begin with, we don't have enough money.
This car can drive just as well as that one there.
All right, that's as much as I'm going to get done today.
Are you leaving today?
Beat the egg before putting it in the soup.
Being stubborn won't help you.
By the time you arrive, all arrangements will have been made.
Do you have any beans in your garden?
I postponed my trip because of the bad weather.
I was wakened by a beam of light shining through my window.
If Tom were older, he'd understand.
It would have been better if you had waited yesterday.
Let the matter rest for the time being.
Let's get our bearings before we go any further.
Mary is still a beautiful woman.
Mary is a real beauty.
Please beat this carpet.
That has no bearing on the matter.
The barn is so old that the beams are beginning to rot.
The battle was fought by the river.
There are bears in these woods.
They were afraid we wouldn't get there.
They will be surprised to see you here.
They've been late every day.
Tom and I have been friends for many years.
Tom became famous overnight.
Tom didn't come because he got sick.
Tom must be punished.
Tom will be here tomorrow.
Try to be on time.
We are your friends.
We built a fire on the beach.
Were you at the beach all summer?
What became of the book I lent you?
What became of them?
What's become of the original plan?
If you just work a little harder your grades will improve a lot.
If you just put a little bit of cumin on the kebab, it'll be really delicious.
I know what Tom is doing here.
If you just listen to what the teacher says, you'll be able to become a good student.
If you'd listen a little more carefully to what the teacher says, you'd probably be able to understand.
If you just work hard, your grades will improve a lot.
There's just one day left.
There's only a day left.
There's a day left.
Perception is reality.
I bought only one sheep at the market.
I only bought a sheep while at the market.
He went and got all of us bus tickets.
I went and bought ten sheep all in one go.
Dolkun has been working very hard lately, and yet isn't able to see even the slightest result.
That patient has been in the hospital for a while now, but doesn't seem to have gotten the least bit better.
This video is not available in your country.
Don't be so harsh on yourself.
We had a really fun time.
"My name's Tom. I'm from France." "Tom! You've gotta teach me English one of these days!"
She was surprised by what she saw.
He was surprised by what he saw.
When did you ask her to be your girlfriend?
She's different.
He's different.
When did you tell him how you feel about him?
I don't want to have children.
She doesn't want to have children.
He was eager to tie the knot.
You can't do that to me!
You are mistaken!
We will meet up when you return!
In the end he achieved his goal.
She has hit the jackpot once again.
She has come up with the right answer once again.
She has come up with the best result once again.
You are wrong there.
Aluminum is a metal.
I woke up early this morning.
Markku was appointed professor of theology.
Arabic is difficult!
Let's talk about your work.
Okay, try again.
Every summer I go to the countryside.
He never speaks to me.
Tell him when you've got it in sight.
I have two computers, but they're both broken. So now I'm using my sister's while she's away.
The consumerist society contributes to a continuous increase in the amount of household waste.
I'll call you in the evening.
I was there all alone at first, but then came still Liisa and Liisa's new friend.
It was nice to do nothing.
Liisa is an active and energetic young woman.
I think it is fun to go for a walk.
I think it's great to go walking.
Can you take this letter and drop it in the mailbox?
It may be.
He can't have said that.
What conclusions can be drawn from this?
No, I saw it. It's true!
I saw it on TV.
I bought it at the vintage clothing store.
I got a good look.
I don't care. I hate her.
I don't care. I hate him.
You mustn't tell anyone.
Do you like mussels?
This food is both nutritious and delicious.
Belgians claim that French fries are not French but Belgian.
Did I see what I saw?
Should I tell the police?
It sounds impossible, but it's true.
I saw it on Discovery Channel.
I told you he was cute.
I'm not gonna lie to you.
It's not even true.
Why did you cry so much?
Now is not the time.
One can tell by his accent that he's German.
I have to admit that you're right.
I want to learn all the one thousand English words that are in this wordlist by July.
"Today, Tatoeba is barely being used because the weather is so nice," said Tom. "That doesn't make any sense," said Maria in response. "The weather is certainly very different in the different regions of the world."
Tom declared war on the corruption in his country.
The train is leaving the station.
It's hurting our children.
It was nice knowing you.
All the energy was wasted.
Why this line?
He's a lucky guy.
She's a lucky girl.
This book will transform your life.
It changed my life.
They say that that man has a master key which opens all the doors of the city.
My failure did not weaken my self-confidence.
There is little water in this well.
I'm an ex-vegetarian.
She wants to go back to college.
That sounds like a bad idea.
She works as an au pair.
The horse stopped and refused to go on.
I could have known.
Is that all your small change?
Could I have a receipt, please? I need to keep track of my money.
I had no idea you worked as a surgeon.
I didn't know you were a surgeon.
It's bizarre.
Proposals for improvement are always welcome.
A quadratic function cannot be used here.
Do you have the source code?
The use of trust-region algorithms is becoming more and more frequent.
I never liked her.
Who invented bureaucracy?
What will we do, when you get here?
Only the one who tries succeeds. But the one who only tries fails.
I usually go to the cinema with my friends.
Ok, everyone has left to go file a patent!
I think you shouldn't have done that.
There are still judges in Berlin!
Don't ever laugh at your wife's choices, because after all you're one of them.
The teacher doesn't know anything. Every time I ask him he's not able to answer.
That guy's really lazy. Every time that I go into his office, he's not there.
Undoubtedly the most entertaining thing to do in winter is to search for your snow entombed car.
This toilet paper is like sandpaper.
This toilet paper feels like sandpaper.
I only buy soft toilet paper.
I only buy super soft toilet paper.
Whenever I walk by that teahouse, the boss always comes out to welcome me.
Not only are there good stores at the market, but there are good restaurants as well.
Not only is this hat in style, but it's really warm as well.
I could smell the food long before entering the house.
I got scared long before entering the plane.
He knew Uyghur well long before coming to Kashgar.
All he would do is sit around and wait for winter vacation to come.
As far as I go, I'm a cook. The only thing I do is prepare the food.
I quenched my thirst with this single glass of tea.
I ate absolutely all of the food that you prepared.
My friend still continues to work at the police station.
My dizziness still hasn't gone away.
Come on, stop thinking about that.
It's no big deal if I lose.
So what if I lost?
That boy runs too fast.
He asked if I wanted to exchange money, and I said "no way".
Ask, and it shall be given to you; seek, and ye shall find; knock, and it shall be opened to you; for every one who is asking doth receive, and he who is seeking doth find, and to him who is knocking it shall be opened.
Rejoice with them that do rejoice, and weep with them that weep.
Everyone's different.
The lawn is a complete mess.
You can choose something at our expense.
You can choose something - and it's on us.
Bathroom's free.
The file is weighing megabytes.
I'd like some powidlo.
Please reply as soon as possible.
All is in the hands of man. Therefore wash them often.
If you do not know his language, you will never understand a foreigner's silence.
Pat Schroeder said that you can't wring your hands and roll up your sleeves at the same time.
If you want to hide your face, walk naked.
You must first have a lot of patience to learn to have patience.
The window to the world can be covered by a newspaper.
She is happy next to her boyfriend.
Come by often.
Feel free to come by whenever you've got a minute.
Did you get a good look?
Let's call the police.
Did you get a good look at the robber?
He was wearing a mask.
Did you get a good look at her?
Did you get a good look at him?
She fell asleep on the bus.
I fell asleep on the train and when I woke up, the train was dark and all the doors were locked.
They missed their stop.
He fell asleep on the train and woke up in Germany.
Would you be willing to do me a favor?
It's more than a hundred years old.
I felt sorry for him.
I felt sorry for her.
The train will arrive soon.
The sky was so starry, so bright that, looking at it, one could not help asking oneself whether ill-humoured and capricious people could live under such a sky.
From early morning I had been oppressed by a strange melancholy.
Sometimes lies have nice legs.
I am faced with a mountain of problems.
This is not so tragic.
Now I'm a real old man.
I felt afraid of being left alone, and for three whole days I wandered about the town in profound dejection, not knowing what to do with myself.
I do not interfere there.
She closed the door as fast as she could and ran away.
The room was empty.
She took a cab.
She ran up the stairs.
I hope I am not disturbing you.
Tom, what are you doing in here?
I must do something.
I need to wash my clothes.
I don't know how to take care of my things.
Did he do this to you?
Did Tom do this to you?
She was pregnant.
We hugged each other.
Am I interrupting something here?
Do you know this man's name?
Do you know this woman's name?
Do you know his last name?
They made love to each other.
They made love all night long.
They did not make love that night.
He held her in his arms all night long.
They made love wildly.
They talked all night.
She lay in his arms all night.
He held her in his arms.
She fell asleep crying.
They started kissing each other.
They can't get enough of each other.
They stayed up until dawn.
Bring three pies from the stand in the corner.
The island needs a hospital, not a bridge.
It's been more than a month.
He pulled her into his arms.
They talked on the telephone every night.
Give me a couple minutes to get dressed.
Ken and his brother are very alike.
All my hope is gone.
The fire burned our house.
Have you paid the rent?
A chemical reaction takes place in one or more steps.
I drank from the bottle and before I noticed, I turned into a rabbit.
Let's not fight among us.
I'm going to drink some juice.
I admit that I killed him.
I admit that I killed it.
Quito is the capital of Ecuador.
How can we save the earth?
Trust kills men and gets women pregnant.
That's where my family is from.
This :-) is an emoticon.
It's one of my favorite dishes.
He is going to write a letter.
His face was covered in blood.
The building is blue.
He tried to seduce me.
The French abandoned the project of the construction of the Panama Canal in 1889.
I think it will be okay.
Can I have one?
The plane cannot take off until the other plane lands.
That hotel is very close to the train station.
Good for you!
It started as a joke that got out of hand.
I just got back from Europe.
I just got back from Germany.
With videogames, children no longer play board games.
Welcome to the USA.
Welcome to the United States of America.
I didn't know that trick.
That was the last drop! I don't want to see you again!
She paid nothing.
I paid nothing.
In the Philippines, almost no one speaks Spanish anymore.
They swam with the dolphins.
She lives with her boyfriend.
She's not fat.
They talked on the phone every night.
Put your pants up, that we can see your tail!
He is a killer, he should be behind bars!
You're too skinny! You need to eat more.
Police! Drop your weapon!
It's not important, things happen.
Your lips are blue. You should get out of the water.
I'm dead tired, I can't take one more step!
"And what color do you want, white or black?" "Black, of course."
I can't stop thinking about him.
I can't stop thinking about her.
He needed five stitches.
She needed five stitches.
He broke both his legs.
She broke both her arms.
The doctor gave him four stitches.
The doctor gave her four stitches.
Don't touch the wound, you could get an infection!
He jumped to his feet.
The old lady fell down and broke her hip.
What would Jesus do?
He suffers from rickets.
He's tall and lanky.
It will make you smile.
We can't disappoint him!
We were just talking about that.
We were just talking about him.
Do you have a mental problem?
Are you thinking what I'm thinking?
"Are you thinking what I'm thinking?" "What are you thinking about???"
Do you remember that we had a phone with a rotary dial?
This is not my book.
Keep the faith alive!
Stop making fun of me!
You really kick ass!
I had a twenty dollar bill but I lost it.
You should be happy to have a job.
Don't call the devil, because he can appear.
The fork is small.
Use your self-confidence, but never show it off!
I would like to do a course in Arabic.
He choked eating olives.
She choked eating olives.
They need to study.
They need to work tomorrow.
They need to get up early.
Where is the key to this room?
This girl is my girlfriend.
I suppose we better get started.
She had a crush on her teacher.
She's working out on the stairmaster.
She sounded a little disappointed.
He sounded a little disappointed.
He didn't buy it.
We're just good friends.
Did you sleep with him?
No, I did not sleep with him.
No, I didn't sleep with him.
Did you kiss him?
Did Tom kiss Mary?
I heard that Tom kissed Mary.
Tom kissed Mary goodbye.
She's a beautiful woman.
My neck hurts.
My mother wants to be my friend on Facebook.
Here are their books.
She simply stared at me in amazement and went away without saying a word.
There's no need for that kind of behavior.
You don't have to get your panties in a bunch about it.
Don't be selfish; there's plenty for everyone.
You don't have to make prearrangements.
You don't have to shout at me.
Tom avoided Mary's eyes.
Tom called you?
Tom can't walk on his own yet.
Tom couldn't look at Mary.
Tom did not lift his head.
Tom did not raise his head.
Tom didn't raise his voice.
Tom didn't see a way out.
Tom didn't take the hint.
Tom gave a bitter laugh.
Tom glanced away from her.
Tom grimaced.
Tom grunted.
Tom had two choices.
Tom hasn't turned up yet.
Tom held out a chair.
Tom just let Mary get away.
Tom let me go.
Tom looked away from her.
Tom looked truly upset.
Tom never flunked out of college.
Tom never heard Mary coming.
Tom nodded toward the open door.
Tom only sat in the snow.
Tom pulled his hand away.
Tom pushed open the door.
Tom ran up into the woods.
Tom said he'd find her.
Tom says he'll find her.
Tom sighed heavily.
Tom sounded disappointed.
Tom stumbled after her.
Tom takes care of himself.
Tom took her hands in his.
Tom turned back to Mary.
Tom waggled his finger at Mary.
Tom wanted only to think of her.
Tom was groggy with sleep.
Tom was knifed to death.
Tom was never prosecuted.
Tom was on the way.
Tom was tired.
Tom wasn't always there.
I can't do anything at all!
I think that I'm just exhausted.
Can I eat this bread?
There's no rest for the wicked.
My mother was embroidering deserted tears in the early rainbows.
You should get checked by a doctor.
That, I don't know.
They say he's gone for good.
She saw a very tall man yesterday.
He has a bright future ahead of him.
I can't afford a camera as good as yours.
The tyre is a little under-inflated.
The international language Interlingue was published in under the name Occidental.
Take it one step at a time.
For the past few years, teenagers who imitate overweight American rappers have been walking like inverted pendulums, swinging from left to right, which is the only way forward if you weigh over two hundred and sixty pounds, but completely ineffective if you are a scrawny teenager weighing half of that, since most of the energy is wasted on side steps, not to mention the sheer absurdity of that swinging gait.
Tom and Mary did not even understand the deeper meaning of the sentence they were in, thinking to themselves that it must be really hard to understand the meaning of sentences they were not in.
The Voodoo priestess sniggered when Tom and Mary, lost in this sentence, asked themselves who, if not the author, actually controlled their fate.
She helped us with pleasure.
Do you have an airplane ticket back home?
This topic is appealing to many.
I read it in the newspaper.
I found out about it on the news.
A monster lies on a rock near the top of the mountain.
And now my parachutes fall from dream to dream through the spaces of death.
Another season is over.
Was looking for a corner of heaven to shelter from the rain.
I bought it at a thrift shop.
Men only think about one thing.
It's bad for your back.
I've heard that sitting up straight is bad for your back.
I've been told that sitting for hours working on my computer is bad for my back.
Ideas do not belong to anyone, they float in the air.
I taught him to ride a bicycle.
I taught her to ride a bicycle.
The kilt is not a skirt.
He doesn't see it that way.
She doesn't see it that way.
Do you know what this is about?
He lives like a monk.
She read my mind.
All the girls fancy him.
He's a rebel.
It's the story of my life.
It's their business.
It's not the same anymore.
This is the hard truth.
She looks half her age.
My dad doesn't hate you.
He knows what you're thinking.
She knows what you're thinking.
This love will never end.
He cheated on my mother.
No one has the right to treat you like this.
That is so true.
It doesn't taste very good.
I never did it again.
I knew what he said was true.
My pastime is reading.
It never occurred to me that he might be sick.
Every person is different.
Tom believes that the moon landings were faked.
He believes that the moon landings never happened.
She was wearing a short skirt and high heels.
She dyed her hair bright red.
She dyed her hair pink.
She's not even that good looking.
According to Canadian law the mother tongue is the first language a child learns in the home, provided that he or she still understands this language at the time of the census.
We don't have a lot in common.
I didn't suspect anything.
He didn't suspect anything.
She didn't suspect anything.
They didn't suspect anything.
I hope everything went well.
It's not going to happen anytime soon.
I can't afford to have children.
It is not possible to conceive without perceiving.
You'll never believe what happened!
I think I made a mistake.
Put your guns down!
What did she do with it?
What did he do with it?
Blood flowed from the wound.
Button up your overcoat.
By the way, I met a friend of yours yesterday.
Do you have a calendar?
Do you sell this by the kilogram?
Don't forget to call me up tonight.
I bought out my partner and now the company is mine.
I expect to be called away soon.
I'll buy the tickets tomorrow.
If your illness becomes worse, call in a specialist.
Is that bag made of calfskin?
Is there a restaurant close by?
Mary keeps her best dishes in that cabinet.
My heart bleeds for you.
Please pull down the blinds.
Please return these books by Saturday.
That car is blocking traffic.
That doctor's experiments have blazed the way for new discoveries.
That's a good buy.
The apple trees will probably start to blossom next week.
The audience buzzed with excitement.
The boots are tight around the calf.
The bridge collapsed when one of the cables broke.
The bus went by without stopping.
The café is just around the corner.
The calf was born this morning.
The child was playing with wooden blocks.
The Christmas tree was blazing with lights.
The crime was committed in cold blood.
The fire department has to be called out.
The fire's blazing nicely now.
The hotel is by the sea.
The insurance agent called to see you this morning.
The lighting blinded me for a while.
The machine was working at full blast.
The priest blessed the children.
The rain caught me by surprise.
There are many log cabins in these mountains.
They let the bird out of the cage.
They passed me by.
They're working hard to get the cable laid in time.
This button has come off.
This cut is bleeding a lot.
This happened purely by accident.
This is by far the best hotel in town.
Tom and Mary are blood relatives.
Tom did that by himself.
Tom is a hot-blooded individual.
Tom is blessed with a cheerful disposition.
Tom is not playing by the rules.
Tom is wearing a Red Cross button.
Tom passed by me.
Tom was almost blind.
Tom was blinded in a railroad accident.
Walk three blocks and then turn right.
We felt all caged in.
We met by chance the other day.
We will take these matters up one by one.
Were there any calls for me?
What does the plan call for?
When I pressed the button, the bell rang.
Whenever you need help, feel free to call on me.
Will you call for me at the hotel?
You could hear the blast for kilometers.
Your friend said he would call back.
To call the elevator, push the button.
I'm coming to the car.
How can I sleep when there are unknown lands within?
I bought a new hat for my sister.
Please, open your mouth!
There's no way this is going to work.
I'm alone standing at the tip of the slow-dying year, the universe breack in waves at my feet, planets whirl about my head, rumpling my hair in the wind that rushes by, whithout giving an answer that would fill the abyss.
You said that an hour ago.
Let's meet again minutes from now.
Do I have your attention?
I'm alone, the distance that stretches from body to body, is as great as that from soul to soul.
May I have the attention of all of you, please?
For what reason?
Stop bugging me, I'm going to do it!
Dad, are you still upset with me?
I'm doing this for the good of my country.
As all of you probably know, I'm Maria.
Who do you think we're dealing with?
I just talked with Tom.
He's small for his age.
She has an interest in fashion.
She's interested in fashion.
To go on. No. It's enough. To go on weighted down with worlds countries cities. Crowds howling. Covered with climates hemispheres ideas memories. Among the spiderwebs of tombs and the conscious planets.
What a cute outfit!
She wants to look cute and trendy.
I bet that would look great on me.
To go on from pain to pain mystery to mystery. From stone pain to plant pain. For everything is pain. The pain of battle the fear of not being. Links of pain chain the earth to the sky the waters to the land. And worlds gallop in orbits of affliction. Thinking of surprise.
He's really cool looking.
It's really cool looking.
Tom looks cool.
Mary looks hot.
What else do you do?
Conscience is sorrow. Intelligence is deception. Only on the outskirts of life. Can one plant a little illusion.
I'm shopping for my girlfriend.
I'm shopping for my boyfriend.
Those jeans are really cute.
Where are my leg warmers?
I was so disappointed.
Where did you buy it?
The world is unfair.
Life is so unfair.
Life is so unfair sometimes.
It's easier for the rich to get richer.
It's you you the fallen angel. The perpetual falling over death. The endless falling from death to death. Bewitch the universe with your voice. Anchor yourselft to your voice bewitcher of the world. Singing like a blind man lost in eternity.
Freedom Oh yes freedom from everything. From the memories that possess us. From the guts that know what they know. Because of these wounds that chain us to the pit, and the shouts of wings that shatter us.
Professor Reinhard Selten, Nobel laureate in economics, said: Esperanto is good for the mind.
Not all are sons of bitches.
Not everyone is a motherfucker.
Our minister is a vegetarian and an atheist.
My favourite movie is Fellini's Satyricon.
I would like to have cleaner teeth!
I almost did it.
My husband and I will travel to Versailles in the spring to watch an opera.
The Greeks besieged Troy for ten years.
We can speak here without problems.
We can speak here without a problem.
I agree to your proposition.
I saw your father.
Have you had agreements with men?
Have you had dealings with men?
Life is that which occurs while you are occupied doing other things.
I believe that he knows it.
I'll be back to get you in minutes.
I will return for you in minutes.
My heart hurts.
You don't have a life.
Looking at this hat what comes to your mind?
Turn off the TV before going to bed OK?
Everything is transitory.
Guess what I bought today.
Let me show you what I bought today.
Let me know what you think.
The winters are cold in Canada.
Talking to your plants doesn't help them grow faster.
Have you forgotten?
But tell me with whom I am speaking?
Will you still be here next year?
She protested with dignity her innocence.
That man is not a professor, he is a doctor.
The barbers have made you look better!
I don't know how long it will be good, seeing that I have never used it.
I'm disgusted with my life and myself but I'm not unhappy about that.
It said in our paper yesterday that summer was going to happen on a Monday this year.
Once upon a time I used to love you, and no matter what, you will always be a part of my life.
Where did you buy that?
I would do it if I had more time on my hands.
Patronise your own.
"Tom, your dinner's getting cold." "Just a minute. I'm coming."
I am not your father.
You don't even know who your father is.
Your mother might tell you who your father is.
Even your mother doesn't know who your father is.
Nobody can tell you who your father is.
I plan wedding receptions in a historic mansion with gourmet cuisine.
I love Canadian public radio.
I drink gluten-free beer, but I don't really like it.
It is unfortunate that our mayor has brought fame and shame to Toronto.
It's no problem, I'll walk you to the elevator.
Mary has two boyfriends.
I think we forgot someone.
Oops, I think we forgot Tom.
Oops, I did it again.
She is wise beyond her years.
He is wise beyond his years.
Antibiotics are overused.
Humans are lazy.
Humans are naturally lazy.
I have a mindfulness meditation practice.
I am the Communications Convenor at my church.
My husband and I are going on Sunday to see the ballet, Carmen, performed by the National Ballet Company at the Four Seasons Centre.
In the afternoon the weather became wet and foggy.
One can also mention his essays.
I believed that he had no right to do that.
I know you're a friend of Tom's family.
I know you'll do what needs to be done.
I don't know the truth.
I know you'll do what's necessary.
I know you want to go home.
You are hopelessly, endlessly annoying.
Your remark is irrelevant.
Your efforts will one day bear fruit.
I don't know why it took me so long.
The villa is located several kilometers from the sea.
There is no point in having a fitting room without a mirror.
He's a great scientist.
If we don't keep walking we'll be late.
She has children.
She has two children.
Avoiding a problem isn't going to help you solve it.
Xiaoming cried for an hour while watching the movie.
While dreams cannot tell you what will happen to you in reality, they are able to convey your innermost thoughts.
It's going to rain outside, so don't forget to take an umbrella.
Haven't I told you not to call me "Tom"?
In what year was printing invented?
It'll soon be a year that Tom and Jane have known one another.
A north wind is blowing.
Russians know everything about bears.
To try to study when you're sleepy is to waste your time.
Summer vacation? What does "summer vacation" mean?
You can talk, but you need to listen to me, as well. I also have the right to speak.
Tom always sings out of tune.
I think we need to call 911.
Not being able to eat sweets is an extremely painful thing.
She has never forgotten those rules.
I would have at the least used it.
It is impossible to express it in words.
A lie is a lie, no matter how you spin it.
Actually, I'd rather you didn't.
After a moment, Tom followed.
After a moment, Tom joined him.
After all, Tom was your father.
For all I knew, Tom could be dead.
For all I know, he may have contributed to this mess.
He dropped to one knee and lowered his head.
How could I not have heard that before?
How do you sleep at night after all you've done?
How do you sleep at night knowing what you've done?
I can't get used to seeing Mary in this state.
Tom jumped off the cliff into the river below.
I jumped out the window because I wanted to see if I could fly.
I mean Jesus, Tom!
I reached out and touched Mary's hand.
I think Mary had been crying.
I think they were very brave, considering all they had to go through.
I thought she was beautiful at the time.
If you see him before I do, tell him I miss him very much.
It may be true. We don't know yet.
Mary denied it all, but facts were facts.
Mary had to be institutionalized after a thorough psychiatric evaluation.
Mary rooted through her purse, but didn't find what she was looking for.
Tom balled his hands into fists.
Tom could have said it for all I knew.
Tom couldn't be right about everything.
Tom didn't notice the look of disdain on Mary's face.
Tom insisted on speaking to you alone.
Tom just would not speak to anyone but you.
Tom reached out and took Mary's hand in his.
Tom thinks they'll all be here by noon.
Tom tried the knob.
Tom turned and ran after Mary.
Tom was thinking of all the crimes Mary had committed.
Tom was thinking of going to New York.
Tom was thinking of moving east.
Tom was thinking of the consequences of his actions.
Tom was too nervous to speak.
Tom's hands were behind his back.
Tom's name was on the list.
We don't know if any of it's true, but it might be.
What it all boils down to is that we are in the same boat.
Would you do that for me?
Would you gentlemen like to follow me?
You have betrayed us. I can see it in your eyes.
Tom can't hold his liquor.
Prisons are full of lunatics.
Tom has been known for stealing pens.
The company recalled the defective products.
Summers here aren't as hot as in my hometown.
The police have uncovered new evidence related to the case.
"So... it was all his fault?" "You've hit the nail on the head!"
I want you to beat in his pasty, white face.
You should know that by now!
Everything is new when you look with new eyes.
Maybe you ought to just calm the hell down, my brother.
Your maid is not the first one to get screwed.
Mary looked in her purse, but she didn't find what she was looking for.
At the first hint of trouble, Tom disappeared.
Did you draw it from memory?
Did you find your car-keys?
Did you hear anything unusual lately?
Did you see anything unusual lately?
Don't blink if you don't want to miss out.
How can you doubt his word?
How could Tom be late for work if he left home early?
How could Tom be late for work?
How could Tom do a thing like that?
I could only shake my head.
I could sure use your advice.
I could sure use your help right now.
I could understand why Mary hated me.
I couldn't let it go.
I couldn't see what she was wearing, but I knew it was something cute.
I don’t even know if all of this will end up making a big difference eventually.
I don’t mean to take it out on you.
I doubt that Tom meant any harm by it.
I dozed off and dreamed that I was dead.
I feel like an impostor.
I just can't picture that.
I just can't picture Tom in a dress.
I just want all this to be over, you know.
I kept expecting her to call, but she didn't.
I kept trying to tell him, but Tom wouldn't listen.
I know all about cars.
I know how crazy that must sound.
I know what he’s capable of.
I know what I know.
I know what's in your heart.
I saved up my food for later.
I saw it all in a dream last night.
I saw Tom sitting in the first row.
I shook my head no.
I snatched up my bag and left in a hurry.
I started to get a sense of the person he was.
I suppose you could be right.
I suppose you must have a load of fans.
I suppose you must hear that all the time.
I suppose you've been told that before.
I sure wouldn't want to lose my job over that.
I sure wouldn't want to lose my job.
I think I’m going to be okay.
I was very proud when my son won first prize at the competition.
I would appreciate it if you didn't come any closer.
If Mary gives you any advice, take it.
Mary has been in a foul mood all week.
The ship is under sail.
They put Tom in a straitjacket.
Tom bent over Mary's corpse.
Tom broke off the conversation and turned to the door.
Tom called me a scumbag.
Tom coughed into his hand.
Tom could hardly breathe after the race.
Tom could hardly breathe.
Tom could smell gasoline.
Tom couldn't see it, but he could feel it.
Tom couldn't seem to control his anger.
Tom couldn't talk me out of going to the party.
Tom couldn't talk me out of it.
Tom didn't look back.
Tom didn't want to die.
Tom didn't want to starve.
Tom didn't want to think about what was going on behind that door.
Tom doesn't like me much.
Tom only began to feel safe after he moved.
Tom shifted uncomfortably in his seat.
When I told them I'd done it, they looked at me like I was nuts.
I am not interested in taking part in a survey: neither now nor in the future.
Even though Tom left home early today, he was late for work.
That must be what love looks like.
Tom, where are we?
There was blood on the floor.
Half the battle is attitude, and you have a great one.
Bring me the phone, Tom.
Tom put his hat back on and left.
Tom touched his hat in greeting.
I don't ask questions.
I get by.
If you need me, I'll be in my room.
I'm gonna be in my room.
I'm going to be in my room.
I'm hopping a ride.
I'm just happy as hell that you're here.
I'm not a good fit for this neighborhood.
Imagine my surprise when I saw him there.
I've been praying for this day.
Mary didn't want to give you up.
This is all I ever wanted to do.
Tom made a run for it.
Tom was trying to reach out to her.
We've only got one shot at this.
You have been screwing with his head.
You just make sure you tell Tom what I just said.
You just did what you had to do.
You only did what you had to do.
You screwed with his head.
You will owe me a favor after this.
You've been screwing with them.
I couldn't agree more.
What's in it for you?
Tom is in jail as he should be.
Life does not tolerate delays.
Act without expecting or asking for anything in return.
I am very pleased with the second part of the video.
I met her for the first time in Kyoto.
That rumor spread quickly.
He made a duplicate of that key.
Once it was believed that the earth was the center of the universe.
I don't know why my dad hates you.
I think it's pretty cool.
Get off my lawn!
Tom is afraid, and as well he should be.
Learning English isn't difficult.
It made me really sad.
We're not together anymore.
They are both so lovely!
They were both so cute!
I honestly don't care.
The dogs are going in the same direction.
A man and a woman are people of different genders.
English isn't difficult to learn.
Show her what you can do.
Show him what you can do.
Show me what you can do.
Show them what you can do.
Show her what you're capable of.
Show him what you're capable of.
Show me what you're capable of.
Show us what you're capable of.
You are capable of anything.
I could not do this with an easy conscience.
I want to learn some Turkish to go to Germany.
Tom is in a foul mood today.
Share and spread the word!
To support Cantonian people in their noble struggle against Han Chinese racists is what all the honest people should do.
Cairo has a very warm climate.
What he says is very true.
What she says is very true.
Today is the 4th of June — a day when Chinese government killed hundreds of people on a peaceful demonstration on the Tiananmen square.
Children were recruited from urban daycare centers.
That's what you do.
I didn't go into the office yesterday, because I worked during the weekend, and now I'm swamped!
The butterfly flutters.
The bag is full.
The banana is sweet.
Dry your tears.
Dry your tears, my child.
You don't have to cry.
He knew too much.
She knew too much.
Tears rolled down her tender cheeks.
You must do exactly as I tell you.
I know his secret.
I know her secret.
I know your secret.
Could you imagine going on holiday on your own?
My mom says I'm pretty.
My mom says I'm smart.
She's very impressionable.
I'm pretty sure she's right.
I'm pretty sure he's right.
I'm very pleased to meet you too.
You worry too much about what other people think of you.
You worry too much about what others think of you.
Wow, you look really beautiful.
Do I look okay?
I will do anything you say!
Please spare my life.
Please don't take my life.
What impressed you the most?
I know you'll do an exceptional job.
I don't know who to choose.
I don't know which one to choose.
I like two girls.
I like two guys.
They're both incredibly cute!
I choose you!
Tom, I choose you!
You got the walls all dirty.
Pikachu is a Pokémon.
Tom is not a Pokémon.
I enjoy being with him.
I enjoy being with her.
I enjoy being with you.
Mary enjoys being with Tom.
You deserved a whipping like that!
Tom enjoys being with Mary.
How do you feel about your decision?
We have great chemistry.
We have good chemistry.
We have a chemistry class together.
I'm not very athletic.
She's not very athletic.
We broke up on Valentine's Day.
They broke up on Valentine's Day.
She has no clue who she's with.
He likes abandoned buildings.
Two is the only even prime number.
Because I've been doing this a lot longer than you.
My friend vanished into thin air.
What the fuck were you thinking?
Horses are very sensitive animals.
We have nothing else.
I have nothing else.
I have nothing else to do.
I had nothing else to do.
She had nothing else to do.
She had nothing else to say.
I had nothing else to say.
She had nothing else to lose.
I have nothing else to lose.
She had nothing else in the world.
I have nothing else in the world.
She's lonely and unhappy.
I have nothing else to wear.
My dress is ruined!
Her dress was ruined.
The boys were completely covered in mud.
I loved this dress.
Why are you wearing my dress?
That's my dress.
She told him she was interested.
I told him I was interested.
I told her I was interested.
I have nothing else scheduled for today.
I shrugged my shoulders.
She shrugged her shoulders.
What if I get caught?
What if we get caught?
I will check your game tomorrow.
To make the bike move, you must push on the pedals.
She's jealous and possessive.
I get angry when my boyfriend talks to other girls.
My boyfriend is possessive.
My girlfriend is very possessive.
He makes me feel special.
He makes me feel appreciated and loved.
You deserved that kind of whipping!
The ice will break under your weight.
I'm depending on your help.
I'm depending on you to help me.
He enabled me to help him.
They fled the doomed company like rats deserting a sinking ship.
It takes time to get over a divorce.
It seems that the addition of cream and milk is not necessarily needed.
What is that you have in your right hand?
It is the steamed potato!
You never know what is enough unless you know what is more than enough.
What do you have in your right hand?
What do you have hidden behind your back?
What do you have in your suitcase?
Mary is dating two different guys at the same time.
He plants sunflowers in the spring.
"To be sure not to make a mistake, I've made it a rule to cite only authors whom I killed myself at least seventy years ago," the aged Jack the Reader said.
We meet here once a week.
Only a free people can be happy.
Freedom is a new religion, the religion of our time.
At least the robber was civil to us.
Can you justify your claim?
Can't we have these windows open?
Could I look at that book?
Do you have any canned vegetables?
Don't forget to take along the camera.
Half the camp went on a hike.
Has Mary cleaned the room yet?
I couldn't think of doing anything like that.
I don't have a clear idea of what you mean.
I don't see how that can be true.
Is there a clause in the lease regarding that?
It took me some time to calm down.
Please circle the words that are misspelled.
The children left for camp this morning.
The clasp on this necklace is broken.
The doctor did everything he could.
The hotels here are kept unusually clean.
The roof of the church needs repairs.
The water in this brook is cool and clear.
There are more Moslems than Christians in this town.
There's a grammatical mistake in that clause.
They clapped until the pianist played an encore.
This plate isn't very clean.
Tom can't read or write.
Tom claimed the inheritance.
Tom made a clean breast of the whole matter.
We have had clear weather all week.
We have put the Christmas presents under the tree.
When could you start working?
You can go now if you wish.
You can't go swimming in this lake.
That is a good question.
This is a hard question to answer.
I gave Mary chocolate.
They will ask you why you want to become a teacher.
It will be warm some day.
Send us your shadows!
That is a mistake.
Different strokes for different folks.
Since her husband's death, she has been living alone.
A good idea came to me while taking a bath.
That area is relatively rich in natural resources.
That helped a lot.
The ventilation in the room was bad since all of the windows were closed.
Most trees lose their leaves in the winter.
He is a music enthusiast.
Her adorable dimples appear when she laughs.
You could say that both balls have the same weight.
Tatoeba does not have all the words that I require.
You will not remember. I will never forget.
Your child tore my book to shreds.
They were dumbfounded by the news of his resignation.
The whole is greater than the sum of its parts.
Kate looks amazing.
People tend to consider translation like algebra, with both sides of the equation being identical, when in fact it's more like a cover version of a song, where the tune is the same, but the arrangement is unique.
What kind of vegetables does he buy?
How much does it cost him?
The work is almost done.
The work is almost finished.
In fact, your deeds don't match your words.
This book was very useful to me.
The flow is not that strong.
I always rely on him in case there's a problem.
I've heard her speaking English as fluently as an American.
I can't help loving her despite her flaws.
It's too bad he doesn't have a sense of humor.
The pioneers overcame a set of obstacles.
I know what kind of people Tom and Mary are.
Use this!
Run for your lives!
I know what time you said you would be there, but I wasn't able to be there at that time.
Are you chapulling?
What if you get caught?
I lost my sunglasses.
I bought a new pair of glasses.
You should tell her how you feel.
I'd like to introduce you to my parents.
Today is World No Tobacco Day.
Before I went to bed, I set the alarm clock for seven.
Climb down out of that tree immediately!
Clip your nails.
Do you have a paper clip?
Have they cleared the road yet?
I think we'll be able to come to an understanding soon.
I'd like to live in a warmer climate.
I've never climbed this mountain.
It was clever of you to tell him that.
May I come along with you?
Please clear out this closet.
The climate here is colder than I expected.
The climb will be steep and difficult.
The museum is closed Sundays.
The plane began to climb rapidly.
This seat has a clear view of the stage.
This tool will come in handy during the trip.
Tom cleared his throat and continued to speak.
Tom retired ten years ago, but is now trying to come back.
Try to keep a clear head.
We can't use this table because a leg has come off.
We'll leave as soon as the weather clears up.
We're the only ones who know the combination to the safe.
What time is it by your clock?
Why not come and have supper with us tonight?
Would you mind clearing up a few points for me?
It's more common than you think.
She didn't even say thanks.
She's beautiful and intelligent.
Tom didn't thank Mary for the gift.
I totally agree with you!
Tom didn't thank Mary for her help.
I think Mary is one of the most beautiful women I've ever met.
Just go for it.
Can I kiss you?
He suffers from poor blood circulation to his legs.
Mr David seems tired.
Is it OK if I kiss you?
May I kiss you?
Tom put his wallet on the desk.
From time to time she looked outside to see whether it was still snowing.
Freedom is a new faith, the faith of our time.
This is the word to regain our dignity.
Come here and give it a look.
He has two cats: one white and one black.
Matrimony is the attempt of a couple to solve problems they would never have had as singles.
Take away these dishes, please.
They are collaborators.
They don't accept volunteers.
Don't leave me here alone.
There remain only two weeks till Christmas.
Tom should do something regarding this problem.
Remember to keep your mind calm.
You were simply tired.
It's almost 11:30.
Tom has two cats. One is white and the other is black.
We can talk here without being overheard.
The tree that does not bear fruit is cut down.
He's Italian.
He doesn't live with his parents.
Have you a dog?
The judge pardoned him.
You two are not in agreement, correct?
Even if all goes well, we still can't finish before Saturday.
They try to do right and not look at what others are doing.
They try to do what's right and not worry about what others do.
What did you do today?
Suddenly the sky grew dark.
I have often heard him say that.
What did you say to the boys?
I can't trust people like him.
Yesterday I translated a video and composed subtitles in Esperanto and Spanish.
You can close your eyes to reality but not to memories.
The weakest link in the chain is also the strongest. It can break the chain.
I eat cheese.
I eat meat.
Which sauces do the Abkhazians use?
Tom doesn't believe in evolution.
Do you think it'll rain today?
It rained yesterday afternoon.
It rained all last week.
Abrams barked.
The window opened.
The upstairs window opened.
I am an earthquake.
I always say goodbye, and I stay.
So that was it.
Three of my children died.
Liisa came too late.
He got up and went away.
I put on my shoes.
Markku has helped me in many ways.
I pretended to be working.
This is the best day of my life.
This is the most beautiful thing I have ever seen.
He's the cutest guy I have ever seen.
He's the hottest guy I have ever seen.
It’s not the same to be alone than to be alone in a room that you’ve just left.
My knees crack when I squat.
My knees crack when I run.
He got up and left.
My hair is wet.
Can I call you back?
He just wants my attention.
He did not agree.
She did not agree.
Don't do anything stupid while I'm gone.
It's a popular tourist destination.
Try to enjoy yourself.
I never leave home without it.
This really isn't a good time.
I can't right now.
There's a hidden door in the library.
They have a fabulous view of the creek.
I'm going back to sleep.
She let him kiss her.
He let her kiss him.
She reached up to kiss him.
Wow, you're so lucky!
I just want to go to bed.
Hi honey, I'm home.
Mr. Young is old.
You know exactly what I mean!
Where did this come from?
I saw the pictures.
"I saw the pictures." "What pictures?"
I am absolutely in agreement with you.
I don't want to spend my vacation shut-up inside.
When did Mary buy this skirt?
Mary let Tom kiss her.
Tom let Mary kiss him.
No one is so learned that he can know all things.
Come on, you really don't mean that!
Does Tom have a good command of French?
I think I'm coming down with the flu.
It hasn't come out in the newspapers yet.
Let me know if you come across the magazine.
The commission has promised to take action soon.
This chair is soft and comfortable.
This problem comes up every day.
Tom committed many crimes.
Tom disagreed at first, but has now come around to our point of view.
Use your common sense in that kind of a situation.
We have friends coming over this evening.
What's come over you?
When does the magazine come out?
Who knows what all this will come to.
Who's in command of this unit?
Won't you come up and have a drink?
You don't have to commit yourself unless you want to.
Making a dive in the Philippines was incredible, but I'm excited about returning to Sydney now.
Prostitutes make more than me.
You see the sun very little.
He said his name was Tom.
She said her name was Mary.
Can I complement you?
You're just envious.
Would you like to have children?
She got married and had kids.
She has a blog.
Only they know what they are saying.
No one reads my blog.
Hardly anyone reads my blog.
Where is he now?
Where is she now?
That's a very naive question.
What was she doing in your room, Tom?
What was she doing in your room?
What was he doing in your room?
This story broke my heart.
That is a dog that looks like a horse.
She crossed her legs.
She uncrossed her legs.
We scaled a sharp peak.
My father has never been overseas until now.
My father has never been outside the country until now.
It's my dream home.
When will you be ready to go?
Katsuko is at the head of her class in english.
If I began making a lot of money, I would give you half of it.
Look at things from every angle.
Except for leap years, February has only days.
I love cooking.
She doesn't know how to cook.
He doesn't know how to cook.
He's a traitor.
She's a traitor.
Russian President Vladimir Putin is splitting with his wife Lyudmila after years of marriage.
What are you doing back here?
What are you doing back there?
Are you in love with her?
Are you in love with him?
Tears began to spill down her face.
Tears began to spill down her cheeks.
Chili powder is greatly used in Indian cooking.
Chili powder is often used in Indian cooking.
What is the use of beauty?
What good is beauty?
What good does it do a person to be beautiful?
Of what benefit is it for a person to be beautiful?
How does it benefit a person to be beautiful?
Being awake is the opposite of being asleep.
It's only a placebo.
Put on your glasses.
I'm already bad.
I'm already sick.
I concur fully with his text.
We gave a farewell party in her honor.
I'm going to cancel in another two days.
I'm going to cancel in a couple of days.
Up with your hands.
Put your hands up in the air.
Lift up your hands in the air.
He is so presumptuous.
Alexander died in Babylon.
She plays the guitar, he plays the piano.
He who risks not gains not.
Sow the wind, harvest the storm.
He who sows the wind shall reap the storm.
A woman's tears will dry quickly.
Women's tears dry quickly.
All were young once.
We were all young once.
Everyone was young once.
Finally it's here.
Finally he's here.
Is he better today?
Last night there was a fire and I couldn't sleep.
The house was reduced to ashes from the fire.
The earthquake caused the fire.
We will make virtue a necessity.
Meanwhile, there are those who continue to preach in a fraudulent manner that we are on the right track.
Unfortunately, everything is expensive and you will eat less in general!
This is the progress that we merit!
This is the progress that we deserve!
Invitation to comment without resorting to insults.
I baked these cookies for you.
I invite comments, but ask you not to resort to insults.
There are a bunch of people who do not even understand what she's talking about!
Defending their land has now become a sin?
To defend their land has now become a sin?
Make me understand.
Help me to understand.
He defended what he died from?
A boy risked death to protest.
That was two years ago.
I think that creating a work of this kind in this particular way will cause more harm than benefit!
I reflect also on another fact.
Can someone give me a sensible answer to this question?
They don't have enough room to camp.
They don't have enough space on the ground to camp.
This is a given objective.
Come back to see them all?
Do you want me to learn English for the competition on Wednesday?
If I had not been convinced, I would not have found the courage!
I haven't had the time these days to publish it.
This room measures 20' X 24'.
Making love when you have kids at home can become a difficult undertaking.
Children understand everything.
Children know what happens between their parents.
Children instinctively know what goes on between their parents.
I gave him a deposit and then he disappeared.
Make it fairly alcoholic.
In about ten days the first fermentation will definitely be finished.
We must be satisfied.
Something good did it, to be honest.
All your diseases have completely passed me by.
What do you do exactly?
Which is your mansion?
The guys in my department are too nice.
The guys in my department are so nice.
The guys in my department are very nice.
I am truly happy for you.
It says in the title.
You see that you don't have an exam for a couple of days.
Is your father here yet?
Has your father come yet?
Do not place this in doubt.
Begin to change this.
Do not try to attract attention with these types of speeches.
Luxury has come to you.
To be happy and not ask any more questions would be best.
Be happy and don't ask any more questions...that is best.
The apples are finished.
All the apples are gone.
Abbiati and Ambrosini asked to cancel the game and reschedule it due to the great shock at the loss of their dear friend Simoncelli.
Are there many Africans in Germany?
Mr. Wang learned German because he wanted to work in Germany.
Is there anyone trapped in the car?
It is a popular tourist destination.
What is your room number?
They discovered a very talented player during summer training.
I take it you asked for permission before you did it.
The secret of football is the ball, you see.
It's not sure.
That's not sure.
This is not sure.
They're the ugliest shoes I've ever seen.
Those are the ugliest shoes I've ever seen.
That's the ugliest hat I've ever seen.
Are you from the neighbourhood?
This glistening little tulpa is a four-dimensional creature. The crown of his head is my biological mother squeezing me out, and the tips of his toes will be the death of me. We are about a quarter past his nipples at the moment. Tubular, man!
Do you live in this neighborhood?
My mom makes me some coffee and then I leave in time to catch the bus.
Do you live near here?
Do you live around here?
Tom likes to make paper airplanes.
Do slugs die if you put salt on them?
It's too early to leave.
We won't get off this island alive.
A long queue had formed in front of the shop.
Don't ever underestimate Tom.
We would like to stay here one more day. What do you think?
Are you sure there's no solution?
In difficult times like these, no ordinary degree of effort will get our company out of danger.
Did she quote a price for it?
Vote for me!
It's awfully bitter.
I did it in a hurry.
I did it in haste.
I can't go with you. I have a meeting.
What do I owe?
Without the shadow of a doubt, the dream was a memory from a previous life.
Without the slightest doubt, the dream was a memory from a previous life.
There is no doubt that the dream was a memory from a previous life.
Don't touch the blue switch!
I'm reading a letter.
My mother wants me to study in Switzerland.
I have a lot of ideas.
I got everything I wanted.
I get up early in the morning.
I'm here to win.
I failed.
Don't let him break the glasses.
"Are you still mad at me?" "No, not at all."
I need to open this door.
You won't find this word in a normal dictionary.
John recognized all the melodies which he learned while still a child.
Only Obama knew about it.
Portugal has decriminalized the possession of drugs for personal use.
Tom was the only one who knew about it.
Are you going to tell him?
Are you going to tell her?
The crime would have been perfect if the thief hadn't forgotten to wipe his fingerprints.
She has a crush on Justin Bieber.
She still has a crush on Justin Bieber.
She has a crush on Justin Timberlake.
She has a crush on Justin Trudeau.
She wants to be popular at school.
My boyfriend doesn't care about me.
My boyfriend doesn't love me.
Is that why you slept with him?
There is a lid for every pot.
I bought this for my girlfriend.
I bought this for my boyfriend.
I bought this for my friend.
I bought this for my mother.
I bought this for my brother.
I bought this for my sister.
I bought this for my father.
I bought this as a gift for my girlfriend.
I bought this as a gift for my boyfriend.
Want one?
It gets the job done.
This lawn mower gets the job done.
I'm not sure if this is ironic or not.
The students protested against the Vietnam war.
Tom carefully wiped his fingerprints off the knife.
I want to go to Germany.
A subject is missing in the relative clause.
If you have the words to that song, I can translate it.
He's older than me.
The next World Cup will be held in Brazil.
Who gave them to me?
I feel a good cry coming on.
Many castles are encircled by a moat.
This is an answering machine, after the beep leave a message or send a fax, thank you.
How are you doing there?
He knows how to swim like a fish.
I slept too much.
I think I've understood.
Good question.
I'll never return.
I'll never be back.
This homework will require much time.
His homework is going to take a long time.
I like to observe people.
See the preceding example.
This crate contains apples.
In which continent is the river Nile?
It's for you that I came.
That airplane is huge!
Where's she from?
The girl that works at the bakery is cute.
Do you believe that animals have souls?
The world is a grand masked ball, where everyone wears a disguise.
I have a new pair of socks.
I like red meat.
How do you pronounce the symbol @ in this language? "ampersand"
What would you like to buy?
I'll do it the way you've told me to do it.
I'll follow your instructions.
I love Titanic!
He's so cosseted he can't do anything by himself.
Somebody moved out in a hurry.
If anyone saw anything, I want to know.
She accused me of hacking into her account.
I don't get in fights with people.
She should follow the advice of her mother.
You should follow the advice of your mother.
You should take into consideration the advice of your mother.
She should take into consideration the advice of her mother.
Your success was nothing short of a miracle.
It is required that you follow the advice of your mother.
It is necessary that you follow the advice of your mother.
The students don't have the financial means in which to buy food.
You don't have to respond by letter.
Is that what Tom wanted?
They accomplished nothing.
They didn't get anything done.
I wondered what Tom wanted.
It's hard to figure out what Tom wants.
Tom isn't used to walking barefooted.
If Jason should call me, tell him I'm not at home.
We'll all wait for you.
Tom said he'd wait for us.
I want to get my hair cut.
They cut my hair too short.
Don't you dare to cut the hair of this little girl!
Get your hair cut!
Reply to my message.
Dave would call his security.
Where the fuck were you last night?
It is terribly expensive.
It's awfully expensive.
It's terribly expensive.
Lojban is alive only because problems in it continue to exist.
It almost never plays out that way in practice.
Not now, honey.
It stinks in here.
What more could a girl want?
What more could a girl ask for?
What more could a man want?
What more could a woman want?
Does this window open?
He plays the bagpipes.
She's thinking about getting married.
He's thinking about getting married.
They're thinking about getting married.
Have you talked to her recently?
Have you talked to him recently?
Have you talked to Tom recently?
He plays bagpipes and wears a kilt.
She twisted a strand of hair around her finger.
He gazed down at her and smiled.
Would you like to join me for some milk and cookies?
Would you care for some milk and cookies?
I went downstairs to get some milk and cookies.
He poured himself a tall glass of milk.
Can I have some milk and cookies?
How about some milk and cookies?
I gave her some milk and cookies.
I want milk and cookies!
For some reason, she couldn't sleep.
For some reason I couldn't sleep last night.
She was ecstatic.
She has a house, a dog, a cat, two kids and a husband.
I don't know. I just got here.
He didn't look pleased.
She didn't look pleased.
My grandmother died.
Who was that girl you were with at the beach today?
What girl are you talking about?
The law has been changed.
"What did she say?" "I don't remember."
"What did he say?" "I don't remember."
He has a fast internet connection.
Who did you go to the beach with?
When was the last time you went to the beach?
How often do you go to the beach?
Have you ever gone to the beach with Tom?
Which beach do you like to go to?
I love going to the beach.
I took two aspirin for my headache.
He was framed by his wife.
Would you like to come to my beach party this evening?
What's in the beach bag that's in the trunk of your car?
We're heading for the beach. Would you like to come with us?
We spent our holiday on a beach in Hawaii.
Tom took Mary to a beachfront restaurant for dinner.
Tom told me he wanted to live on a secluded beach.
Tom told Mary that he'd gone to the beach that weekend.
Tom told Mary he'd never been to a nude beach.
Tom spent the weekend at his beach house.
Tom lives three blocks from the beach.
Tom and Mary went for a walk along the beach.
Tom and Mary sat on the beach and talked to each other.
There is no beach in this area.
There is a really good restaurant just off the beach that I think you'd enjoy.
There are no beaches in this area.
The police found a body washed up on the beach near here.
The last time I saw Tom he was headed towards the beach.
The last time I saw Tom he was headed toward the beach.
The beach isn't far from here.
Maybe this weekend we could go to the beach together.
Is there a public beach around here?
I was hoping I could go back to the beach next weekend.
I saw Tom walking down the beach.
I saw many tourists on the beach.
I just want to sit on the beach and relax for a week.
I just lay on the beach and watched people swim.
I found this bottle when I was walking on the beach this morning.
I always have a couple of beach towels in my car.
How was the beach?
How many times a year do you go to the beach?
How about a walk on the beach?
Do you enjoy walking on the beach?
Did you grow up near a beach?
Are you going back to the beach this afternoon?
He just got back from Paris.
It's Germany's highest mountain.
What is Germany's highest mountain?
They are masterpieces of European art.
They are great works of European art.
They never last for long.
You don't think I have anything better to do in life?
Fish is expensive.
Meat is expensive.
Why is fish so expensive?
Your roommate is creepy.
I knew that you would appreciate it.
She did as she was told.
He did as he was told.
I write when I can.
She told him that she had been in love with him.
She has a serious boyfriend.
He has a serious girlfriend.
Are you at home from work today?
Who are you insured with?
Tom was there with his girlfriend.
She has a secret crush on her sister's boyfriend.
They both don't like me.
Neither of them like me.
She's sweet and innocent.
She was so sweet and innocent.
Can you decipher the message?
She was beautiful and innocent.
Can you decode the message?
She didn't deserve to die.
He didn't deserve to die.
They expected it to rain frogs?
Did they expect it to rain frogs?
She is one of my best friends.
She stayed at home all day.
She kept me waiting thirty minutes.
She didn't clean the dishes.
She always leaves her dirty dishes in the sink.
I need to clear my head.
She drank a sports drink.
I don't think she cared.
I don't think she cares.
I don't think he cared.
I don't think he cares.
We tend to think that our time is really only ours on Sunday and during the holidays.
Tom wants to go hunting.
I'm really here on business.
Every year it's the same story.
It is a beautiful image.
Twenty is a beautiful age.
The only difference between an awful cook and a poisoner is the intention.
Focus on the goal. Everything else is a distraction.
I'm always suspicious when a German asks for a comma.
These machines can kill your free time.
I wonder how it would be to have wings!
Look at the past and learn by it, look at the present and live by it, look at the future and dream by it.
I've done all that I can do today.
I fought in every battle that I faced.
And though I won a few of them; there were many more that I ultimately lost.
But when the morning's sun brings new day, I know all God's mercies will be renewed.
And that is all that will really matter!
I don't understand how she did that. That was a miracle.
You bought bread.
True friendships are abiding.
True friendships are everlasting.
He teaches his friends English.
This isn't just a simple defeat: I lost the balance I have maintained for my whole life and now absolutely everything is collapsing.
Why don't you answer my messages?
Could you help me find my keys?
True friendships last forever.
A true friendship will last forever.
A friend of mine asked me to send him a postcard.
The interview is in German and I can't understand a word of it.
I understand a bit of German.
I can even translate from German.
This is RTL 2, a German TV channel.
This is the boy who looks like a girl.
Who's that little kid?
Most of their interviews are in German.
I guess you know who I am talking about.
Many sentences were translated from English into other languages, but very few sentences were translated from other languages into English. Why?
Don't speak all at the same time.
He has at last expressed his true feelings.
Now I know that you're a man who has feelings.
Now I know how to fight you.
Now I know what you love and what you hate.
I am going to use what you hate against you.
I have been studying you just as a biologist studies an animal species.
I have taken all my time to study your behavior. In the end, I found where your weakness was, and I used it against you.
I know what you love and I'll do everything I can in order to destroy it.
I know what you are planning to do and I'll do everything I can in order to prevent you reaching your goal.
Thank you for telling me what you hate. Now it has become easier to fight you.
Tom knows why Mary decided not to go on the picnic with John.
Why don't you want to learn English?
Can anyone read this message for me? I don't understand English.
My father couldn't read me the story. It was in English.
I can't read you this book. It's in English and I don't know this language.
I learnt a little English when Canadians worked in our neighborhood, but I still can't read in this language.
Where is your language spoken?
How many people speak your language?
Is your language endangered?
Do you consider that your language is endangered?
What makes you think that your language is endangered?
How many people still speak your language?
Where do the people who speak your language live?
Are there young people who speak your language?
Is your language taught at school?
Do you want your children to learn your language at school?
Do you want your language to die?
Why do some of your people want your language to die?
Why do some of your people hate your language?
Are there still women who use your language at home?
Who speaks your language better, men or women?
Do mothers still teach your language to your children?
Do your old people still speak your language?
Why don't you like to speak in your language in public?
Are there people who speak your language in public?
Why are you ashamed to speak your language in public?
Are there any TV or radio programs in your language?
Are your people interested in the revival of your language?
Are there any newspapers published in your language?
Which are the villages where your language is still spoken?
Can we visit the villages where your language is still spoken?
Tom is preparing supper.
What's in your suitcase?
It's up to 5·10-³ meters.
Tom shouted at Mary.
You don't know what I had to put up with!
It was almost noon when you woke up.
People from Madrid are lunatics.
The people from Madrid are lunatics.
Am I polishing the poisonous apples?
Nobody dies.
No one dies.
By saying "Mike" I actually meant my dog named Mike.
I play the piano well.
I like spicy food and I really like jalapeños.
I like spicy Mexican food.
What belongs to you is in danger when your neighbour's house is on fire.
I would never be your husband.
I would never be your wife.
The data is insufficient to show anything.
Marika discovered with me a new world, a new culture.
Life with Marika wasn't really the same before I married her and after I did.
With Marika, I found Swedish easier to learn than Finnish.
The meat is expensive.
Did Marika love to speak Swedish more than Finnish?
What did Marika think of the Swedish?
Marika wanted me to live with her in her parents' village, but it was very cold out there.
I still remember how I felt when I heard Marika's voice on the phone for the first time.
I couldn't forget Marika's voice for days.
Is it a threat?
This is not spring.
Did you meet Marika before or after you went to the army?
For someone like me, getting busted was the worst nightmare.
I would prefer to spend six months in jail rather than getting busted.
Getting busted isn't fun.
I was a second lieutenant in the special forces.
I was busted to a sergeant.
I hate to remember the day I was busted.
I resigned from the army immediately after I got busted.
There was a sergeant that I particularly hated in the army.
Everybody feared the lieutenant colonel.
I got along with the lieutenant colonel.
We were assigned to a densely wooded area and we had to carry out a search of that area almost every week.
The Norman Cob is a breed of light draft horse that originated in Normandy in northern France.
My telephone plan does not cover collect calls.
My telephone plan does not accept reverse charge calls.
Believe in us as the flowers do in rain.
And now everything's changed, but I haven't.
Get inside and lock your doors! Close your windows! There is something in the fog!
Faith can move mountains, but I prefer dynamite.
Please park your car in the car park.
Do not drink the water in the dirty glass!
When I arrived, the dispute had reached its boiling point.
Don't let her throw her life away.
Everywhere I look, it's just a bunch of dead ends.
Esperanto is already a good language for the mere fact that it can distinguish between Man as an individual of humankind, and Man as the male of the species.
I'm sure you despise me.
Are the arrangements for your trip complete?
Be sure to complete the work before you go home.
Everything Tom predicted came true.
I'm not concerned with the details.
I can't conceive of Tom doing that.
I want a complete list of your books.
I'm expecting company this evening.
If it annoys you so much, file a complaint.
It's hard for me to concentrate today.
Mary is showing a great deal of concern over her husband's long absence.
Nothing was said concerning the matter.
The operation was very serious, but Tom came through.
The whole community is behind this plan.
They finally had to commit Tom to an asylum.
This circle was drawn by a compass.
This compass will be useful on your trip.
This concerns you.
Tom always comments on my clothes.
Tom can't see without his glasses.
Tom composed that piece several years ago.
Tom could get here if he wanted to.
Tom isn't accustomed to city life.
Try to compose yourself.
We are concerned about your health.
We complained to the manager about the noise next door.
We haven't been in communication with them.
What are your conclusions?
What company do you represent?
What compositions will the orchestra play tonight?
What conclusions did they come to?
What's it composed of?
When did Tom come to town?
Tom isn't used to city life.
Tom isn't used to living in the city.
All of Tom's predictions came true.
Recently we seem to just keep missing each other. I never seem to be able to meet up with him.
All flowers smell sweet.
Plants do not have a brain.
Can plants feel pain?
She knew what she was doing was wrong, but she still did it.
She's bipolar.
He knew this was wrong.
He did not know that he was doing anything wrong.
He knew what he did was wrong.
She's very polite.
He's very polite.
I'm not very polite.
Plants grow towards the sun.
Plants grow towards sunlight.
The Zugspitze is Germany's highest mountain.
What's the best fertilizer for tomatoes?
What's the best fertilizer for tomato plants?
What is the best fertilizer for tomatoes?
What is the best fertilizer for tomato plants?
Were you able to read whole pages without understanding their significance?
The Danube's water level has reached a record high.
Floods have ravaged parts of Germany.
This book is written in a very simple English and is therefore the best for new learners.
This book is written in very simple English and so is best for new learners.
He's rich, but obnoxious.
He's rich, but unfriendly.
The Etruscan language and culture disappeared rapidly during the 1st century B.C.
You should focus on the road when you drive.
Why am I watching this?
We think, and this allows us to do the marvelous things that we do.
Why is thought so hard to explain?
Why is it that thought is so hard to explain?
Why are thoughts so hard to describe?
The goal of Spartacus was to gain freedom and to allow all his followers to return to their respective homelands of origin, in Thrace, Gaul, Germany.
She took a pencil and began drawing on a piece of paper.
The success of our project deserves to be celebrated.
I don't exactly know what's happening.
During the reign of Nero, the Apostles Peter and Paul, who had come to Rome to preach, were killed.
The calm that comes after the storm.
Pirates preyed upon unarmed merchant ships.
The teacher read the book.
Half of all Norwegian women know nothing about their retirement.
Nothing extraordinary happens in simple and ordinary ways.
Ask her to lend me a little money.
Ask her to lend me a little bit of money.
Ask her to lend me some money.
I want to show you my beautiful city.
If more than one Esperanto speaker finds the phrase illogical, I will change it.
This is good for me.
This does me good.
He ate bread and meat.
He ate fruit and vegetables.
He wrote many phrases in Esperanto.
You sent milk from your dairy.
You sent a letter from Algeria.
Algeria is our Mediterranean partner.
He ate insects and spiders.
Algeria deserves trust and support.
Extraordinary things never happen in simple and ordinary ways.
The exceptional never happens in ordinary trivial ways.
The singular case tonight hastens our union. You are mine! I've already told you and sworn it many times, now we will not say nor swear it anymore, now it must be so!
That student sometimes pretends to be sick.
I am actually totally different but I hardly ever get round to it.
Tom's house burned down.
Tom's house was damaged by the flood.
I forgot my password.
I told Tom I had forgotten my password.
The dog couldn't bark.
We are preparing our meal.
We prepared our meal.
You need to smoke pot to dance to this kind of music.
When I was in Spain, I listened to this kind of music. It was very fast and its fans smoked pot in order to dance to it.
He was trying to find the guy who hit him on the head.
She hit me on the head and she ran away.
I can't hit her back. She's a woman.
I didn't smoke pot when I was in Spain.
I visited a small town in Catalonia.
I met Jaume with his daughters when I was in Barcelona.
Jaume's grandmother spoke Catalan better than Spanish.
I was there when Jaume's grandmother died.
I learnt Catalan very quickly.
I met José when I was in Bilbao.
Lida was from Colombia. I met her when I was in Madrid.
Lida never told me why she came to Spain.
I called Lida "la india". I liked her Native American looks.
Books are the bees that carry pollen from one mind to another.
I want to know what you know.
The library will be closing in ten minutes.
What do you believe now?
I am the best friend, the best support, the best partner you will ever have.
It was like a bolt from the blue.
Even though you're quick, you're still not ready.
You're right. I'll go by taxi.
I met Tom when I was in Boston.
You jumped high enough.
You jumped high enough to touch this branch.
I'm pretty sure Tom understands French.
I'm really not very good at French.
My makeup was ruined.
He's smart, handsome and polite.
He's kind of shy.
She's kind of shy.
The villagers fear him.
I don't interest your names.
Would you come our house?
His parents are out of town.
They don't create any problem because they are in five floors up.
His parents were out of town.
OK, we've got a deal.
I don't want too personal love affairs. I love all flowers.
I want to make love tonight and I'm not afraid of any sin.
I want to make love and I don't want to remember your names and faces.
I want to teach today.
He isn't my manager.
I am the manager of my own.
I can't retrieve the paper.
He never found out the truth.
They never found out the truth.
I work in a flower shop.
This floral arrangement is beautiful.
I don't want to read any paper.
Basket weaving is a dying art.
That's what it looks like.
She doesn't look like her mom.
Is this some kind of trick?
She loves flowers and plants.
I saw her crying.
Cry all you want.
Have you been crying?
I sent you some flowers.
He sent me some flowers.
He sent her some flowers.
He made me cry.
She made me cry.
She made her cry.
I am so hot.
I am like a sun.
I picked him up from school.
I picked him up at school.
I know I'm not to blame.
This is not a convincing argument.
I wrote many phrases in Esperanto.
Where are the plants?
Gardening is good for your health.
My plants are dying!
This plant looks sick.
He's an agronomist.
I have no idea what I am doing.
I have always wanted to read War and Peace.
I thought it was pretty good.
It's a really good book.
They were tired after their visit to the museum.
People often fall asleep while reading.
She fell asleep while reading.
I fell asleep listening to the radio.
He fell asleep while reading the newspaper.
What do you think of the book?
I can't hide it from you any longer.
I have almost finished War and Peace.
She finally read War and Peace.
I think you'll really enjoy reading this book.
It's one of the greatest books of all time.
War and Peace is one of the greatest books of all time.
People are strange.
Her eye was swollen.
Did he ask you about me?
War and Peace is one of the longest novels ever written.
I've never actually read War and Peace.
I have never read "War and Peace" either.
She has read War and Peace times.
She's a tarot reader.
This plant is green.
The physical world is a complex web of events, and nothing happens for only one reason..
The physical world is a complex network of events, and nothing occurs for only one reason.
It was worth it in the end.
You forgot to tell me to buy bread.
This part of the library is closed to the public.
This section of the library is closed to the public.
This area of the library is closed to the public.
This portion of the library is off-limits to the public.
The song is well-known to all.
The song is well-known to everyone.
She feared traveling alone.
I don't remember the names of the beaches.
This work is hard for us.
The shirt must be ironed.
The battery is dead.
We need a place to stay tonight.
Quit complaining. You have to go.
He recounted an interesting story to us.
Earth's moon is a natural satellite.
I'm staying home today.
I assure you I did not do it purposely.
I assure you that I did not do it purposely.
We will take the train at eight.
Snow is white because its molecules reflect all the colors of the sun's rays.
Why is the Moon larger when it rises and sets, than when it is high in the sky?
A little bread and butter.
He has begun to learn Esperanto.
A person will come that without words will make you feel like a nobleman.
Coal, natural gas and oil are the remains of plants and animals that lived millions of years ago.
He's what?
She's what?
It's what?
That car is a Chrysler.
The market is large.
He has no friend to speak with.
Until we meet again, Bob and Nora.
The floor is dirty.
I want you to know.
He was furious.
She was furious.
Tom's apartment is cluttered.
I want to declutter my apartment.
She has a a tidy apartment.
My apartment is messy and cluttered.
They looked at him.
She looked at him.
He has wavy brown hair and dark eyes.
She went too far.
He went too far.
You went too far!
My professor of French is my own age.
The sheets are clean.
The sheets are dirty.
He's an attractive guy.
My French teacher is the same age as I am.
My French teacher is the same age as me.
If I make a mistake, it only shows you I am not a machine.
I got up at six, ate breakfast and then went to school.
I hope you like trains.
I'm sure we'll get along.
If you don't give anything, you won't have anything.
This laboratory is equipped with the latest computers.
There aren't enough chairs in the conference room.
The global press praised him as an exceptionally imaginative director.
She displayed excellent behavior.
She behaved exceptionally well.
He was considered an extraordinarily gifted pianist.
He is considered an extraordinarily gifted pianist.
They pushed him aside.
They pushed her aside.
They asked for our advice.
They asked us for advice.
They asked him for advice.
They asked for his advice.
Ask for his advice.
Do you solemnly swear or affirm that you will tell the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth?
I swear that I will tell the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth.
Consult with him.
Consult him.
Consult with her.
She started crying, and so did I.
She started crying, and I did too.
She ran away with tears in her eyes.
The boy read a book about pirates.
Pirates are cruel.
She looked like she was going to start crying.
The pirates buried a treasure on the island.
Slavery in the United States was not abolished until 1865.
The European Union has abolished the death penalty.
He didn't mean it.
She fixed him something to eat.
He loves you. I know he does.
It was an accident. I didn't mean to.
She picked up her books.
I couldn't get other copies of the book.
I can rest.
I can take a rest.
I'm sure that I'm right.
My son loves to read books about dinosaurs.
She opened her backpack.
He dug a hole in the sand.
Are there lots of sharks around here?
He fell into the shark infested waters.
Dibs I go first!
Bags I go first!
The pirates boarded the ship.
I would rather die than relinquish my virginity before marriage.
Please delay it as long as you can.
What exactly happened between us?
Sharks are killed for their fins.
The likelihood of being attacked by a shark is very low.
Shark fin soup is very popular in China.
Shark fin soup is commonly served at Chinese weddings and banquets.
Many shark species are threatened with extinction.
After their fins have been removed, the sharks are thrown back alive into the ocean.
I don't understand what's going on here.
It's unbelievably beautiful!
Colloquial language is not necessarily a grammatical and stylistic questionable form of expression. There is no doubt a cultivated variety of it which I really find to my liking.
Students, labor organizers, intellectuals, professional and others were kidnapped, assassinated and they "disappeared". Meanwhile many people went into exile.
He said something I didn't understand.
Tom explained it to me, but I still couldn't understand it.
Even though Tom explained it in detail, I'm still not sure I really understand it.
The Greeks, Egyptians, Phoenicians and Carthaginians discovered Europe.
That may have been true many years ago.
What used to be true may not still be true.
We used to think that was why this kind of thing happened.
That may have been true when you were a kid, but it's not true anymore.
People used to think that was true.
I want to shake his hand.
In a writer published a book of poetry with funds provided by his mother. In the dedication he thanked all the editors who had rejected his manuscript.
Do we need to comment?
And why should I believe in the existence of this study?
Do they not know other diseases?
Don't they know other diseases?
It would make them rich!
Which factory was it?
I do not even know where to start.
I do not know where to start.
I want to understand which reasoning is taking place in their head.
He will have gotten the inspiration from that animated cartoon.
It will have taken inspiration from that animated cartoon.
He became his great friend.
He's never hunted.
He has never hunted.
It is not because I do not want you to laugh at me, rather it is because I would like to laugh at you.
It's not because I don't want you to laugh at me, it's because I'd like rather to laugh at you.
With his last breath, he told him he was adopted.
The last time we all went out drinking, I was the designated driver.
Never have so many been manipulated so much by so few.
I'm tickled pink to be here.
Tom is asleep in his room.
I will be here two hours later than previously said.
I will be here two hours earlier than previously said.
If the real purpose of all the uproar about sweatshop labor in the Third World is to allow college students and professors to feel morally one-up on businesses that are providing much-needed jobs in poor countries, then it accomplishes that purpose.
Teaching assistants are usually graduate students who are working toward their Master’s degrees or their Ph.D.s, while taking on the job of teaching undergraduate courses that their professors don’t want to be bothered teaching.
She paused in surprise.
Tom's eyes had been refreshed by the sight of Miss Mary Bright.
She goes to the woods in the middle of the night and now, she pretends to be scared of the dark.
She doesn't want to go there by herself.
She wants somebody to accompany her there.
She doesn't want to go to her room by herself.
Her room is in the other house.
Why didn't you tell me that Tom had a daughter?
What did Tom call his daughter?
Why do you always talk about Tom?
Who's this Tom you always talk about?
Does anyone among you know Tom?
Buy me a package of absorbent cotton.
Do you have something that's good for a cough?
Have you counted the towels?
How long have you been in this country?
I must confess I haven't read it yet.
I'm going to the country for the weekend.
Please count your change again.
Please give me a spool of white thread.
The baby has been coughing all night.
The boxer got up on the count of nine.
The cost of living is rising.
The country air will do you good.
The criminal confessed.
The house was in poor condition.
There are fifteen people here, counting the guests.
There are only a couple of pieces left.
This building has been condemned.
Tom and Mary make a very nice couple.
Tom decided to do it at all costs.
Tom is a world-famous conductor.
Tom was condemned to death.
What country were you born in?
Who is conducting the orchestra tonight?
Is Tom an American too?
Do any of you know Tom?
Have any of you ever talked to Tom?
Have any of you ever met Tom?
It seems that everybody is an American.
Is there anybody who's not an American?
I know you have a house in Hawaii.
I also know that you have always wanted to learn French.
I know that some of your students don't like you.
I know that you had problems when you were a kid.
I know that you were a victim of racism when you were a kid.
I don't want to study today.
This is the first time I've seen her calling her husband.
Is this your picture, Alexander? You're a handsome man, indeed.
You have never wanted to study anyway.
It's obvious that she doesn't love her husband.
Her husband must have a hundred girlfriends where he lives and works. That explains why he almost never calls.
Mary told me that she didn't love her husband anymore.
I don't know off the top of my head.
"Would you like some tea?" "Yes, please."
Is Tom also studying French?
Even a small amount of human blood in the water can attract sharks from miles away.
Sharks can smell even a tiny amount of blood in water.
Sharks can sense blood.
I've hit the lottery.
I've hit the jackpot.
Do you understand Chinese?
How did you know about that?
The whole room became silent.
He hung the clothes on the line.
My shoes have holes in them.
My shoes are completely worn out.
My shoes are not comfortable.
These shoes are too large for me.
I threw away my shoes.
I need new shoes.
This is incredibly frustrating.
Do you have a soup bowl?
Do you have any soup bowls?
Is it possible to learn German by yourself?
What's the correct answer?
That place's food is delicious and their prices are low. However, their location isn't good.
What's the longest German word?
What's the longest English word?
I wonder what the longest French word is.
I'm fortunate compared to him.
Tom and Mary both looked at John.
No one can break up true friendships.
It is an honor for us.
My house is a shack.
My house is a shanty.
Tom has gone to get a haircut, but he should be back soon.
We have to take him to the emergency room immediately. He's gravely wounded.
In Singapore, one method used to punish criminals is to whip or beat them multiple times on their back with a cane.
What's the name of this street?
She cared for his wound.
No one trusts him anymore.
He is not the type of man who depends on others for help.
Knowledge of computers is fundamental to all sciences.
Until tomorrow.
Translating this text will be very simple.
He left from there.
If you should have problems, my father and I will help you.
Something's not right with the engine.
My flight arrived at pm.
The flowers were bright and colourful.
The cows escaped from the paddock.
The sheet of paper was torn.
The goat had been tethered to the fence.
The billboard displayed an ad for an upcoming movie.
The javelin thrower's record was metres.
The baby wailed because it was hungry.
I am sickened at the thought of blood.
I don't like to eat sardines, because I think they taste too salty.
Most race horses are thoroughbreds.
My favourite type of food is chocolate fudge.
The wind was going to come from the southwest.
There are no good arguments for the bad persons.
There are no good arguments for bad persons.
It is easier to go down a hill than to climb it up.
You will always have friends if you feed them.
It's better to be a shallow stream than a deep vortex.
Being near the Emperor is like sleeping with a tiger.
A judge's honesty is not inherited.
Rotten wood is not suitable for a pillar; a vile person is not fit to be a manager.
A fed person doesn't know how hungry the hungry person is.
It takes an hour to get to the station on foot.
When you drink water, do not forget those who dug the well.
It takes an hour to walk to the station.
Both of Tom's sons died in the war.
People, not walls create the cities.
Let's sit where there is some shade.
Tom yelled something in French.
I get the impression that you are kidding me.
Tom yelled something in French that I couldn't understand.
Tom yelled something in French just before he dove into the water.
I get the impression that you aren't telling the truth.
Tom and Mary were speaking in French, so I had no idea what they were talking about.
Tom is in the living room, sleeping on the couch.
Tom is always sleeping in class. It almost seems like he goes to school just to catch up on his sleep.
Tom is always sleeping in class. It almost seems as if he goes to school just to catch up on his sleep.
Let's go and sit in the shade.
Let's go sit in the shade.
Let's sit in the shade.
You'll be notified in due course.
Would you like to take a crack at the job?
What was that loud crash in the kitchen?
What do you want for the second course?
Tom is my second cousin.
Tom cradled the baby in his arms.
Tom cracked several jokes before beginning his speech.
Tom carefully covered up all his mistakes.
This book covers the subject completely.
The windows in my room are cracked.
The two boys are cousins.
The floor was completely covered by a large rug.
The cows are milked at six.
The cover of this book has been torn off.
The court was in session from eight in the morning to five in the afternoon.
That hole should be filled, not covered.
Of course, I know what you mean.
Court is adjourned.
Are you covered by insurance?
Mary is my cousin.
People like us, who believe in physics, know that the distinction between past, present, and future is only a stubbornly persistent illusion.
May I awaken within the dream and grasp the fact that I am dreaming so that all dream-like beings may likewise awaken from the nightmare of illusory suffering and confusion.
I wonder who this sentence belongs to.
Since the bus was late, we had to wait in the rain a long time.
Nothing ever happens around here.
We waited around to see if anything would happen.
We wondered what would happen after Tom showed up.
Nothing much is happening yet.
Nothing will happen until 2:30.
I clicked the link, but nothing happened.
Ancient Germanic tribes used medicinal herbs in their attempts to cure diseases.
Tom is a bit older than Mary.
We live in a wonderful period.
Are you as excited as we are?
There's more to Tom than meets the eye.
There's more going on here than meets the eye.
If there seems to be more to something than meets the eye, there probably is.
I realize there's more here than meets the eye.
If there's more to this than meets the eye, I hope you'll tell me.
I think there's more to you than meets the eye, Tom.
I wonder if Tom is as excited about this as Mary is.
I wonder if Tom is as interested in this as Mary is.
I wonder if Tom is having as much fun as Mary.
She is my friend.
It's time to get moving!
It's time to wake up!
It's time to wake up now. Tom, wake up!
Tell her she has to get up.
It's time to wake up, dear.
Where am I? What happened?
Why didn't you wake me up?
Why did you wake me up?
They walked side-by-side.
She wiggled her toes.
He wiggled his toes.
The plane is about to fly to Paris.
We sailed in a boat on the river.
Migrating birds are flying south.
I'll go quickly if the weather improves.
I'll go for a walk if the weather improves.
We'll have our picnic inside if the weather doesn't improve.
Tom makes a lot of errors.
Tom and Mary plan to go hiking tomorrow if the weather improves.
My brother-in-law passed away last Wednesday.
It's a river that has never been explored.
She was just about to go out.
Tom was just about to go out when the phone rang.
How fast he swims!
We missed you last night.
I heard there's a lot of MILFs in China.
I think the increasing interest toward MILFs comes from the aging population of porn actresses.
You can easily score a MILF in this club.
You've got another MILF? What happened to the last one?
I just met a sexy MILF.
Those British purists prefer to say “yummy mummy” instead of “MILF”. Whatever.
What's the meaning of MILF?
Within a few minutes, Tatoeba went from having no sentence containing the word “MILF” to more than a dozen.
Why doesn't it amuse me anymore that he's again with that MILF?
That club is filled with MILFs.
I'm going to bed, bye.
Mr. Yoshida knows French History very well.
I'm going to bed. Good night.
The rise and fall of the sea is governed by the motion of the moon.
It is said that Japan is the richest country in the world.
Even the longest journey begins with a single step.
Tom makes a lot of mistakes.
Tom doesn't often make mistakes.
Tom made a lot of mistakes.
Tom hardly ever makes mistakes.
Tom almost never makes mistakes.
Tom seldom makes mistakes.
Tom rarely makes mistakes.
I'm not sure I understand what you mean.
Can you tell us about it?
Can you tell me about it?
They gathered flowers together.
Were you spying on me?
Did you tell Tom about it?
Did you tell Tom about what happened?
Did you tell Tom about Mary?
Did you tell Tom about what Mary did?
Did Tom tell Mary what to do?
Did Tom tell Mary how to do it?
Did Tom tell Mary what time she needed to be here tomorrow?
Did Tom tell Mary what John said?
Did Tom tell Mary when John would be arriving?
Did Tom tell Mary where John spent the weekend?
If you go to bed late again, tomorrow you'll wake up with shadows under your eyes.
Everybody has a brain, but many haven't understood the instructions.
Men usually hang all things on the floor.
A pillow at six o'clock in the morning has got the biggest gravity in the world.
Her attraction was dubious even after the second glass of wine.
Don't let it be said I am not punctual.
There is a secret base on the other side of the moon.
Even after Tom had been drinking all night, he didn't find Mary attractive.
I really didn't want to play in Tom's band.
I really didn't want to play tennis with Tom.
I really didn't want to play tag with Tom and his friends.
That job will take at least ten days.
It'll take at least another hour to finish writing this report.
Don't leave a trace.
I can't trust him anymore.
It'll take at least one more hour to finish writing this report.
Ask Tom to clear away the dishes.
I cut myself with a razor.
I must get my hair cut.
I think that'll cover all Tom's expenses.
Mary always says such cute things.
The job will take only five days, if we cut corners.
The movie had to be cut in several places.
These prices will be cut next month.
They have a lot of confidence in Tom's ability.
This place is crawling with ants.
Tom cut his hand when he fell.
Tom forgot his key so he crawled in through the window.
Tom had to cut the class in order to meet us.
Tom left work early, complaining of a headache.
Tom said it was no concern of his.
Tom's conduct was beyond reproach.
Was anyone hurt in the train crash?
We're having cold cuts for supper.
We're trying to cut down expenses.
What a crazy way to run a business!
When we're in a hurry, we cut through the park.
They've cut down most of the trees for firewood.
Kidnappers usually want lots of money before they release a person.
We're trying to cut down on expenses.
You did a very fine job! I take my hat off to you!
The team went haywire after winning the world cup.
Can't you get in without lining up because you know the bouncer?
Markku was head over ears in love with Liisa.
Liisa and Markku were panic-stricken and took to their heels.
It's such a pity Mary and Liisa don't hit it off together.
"Hold your tongue!" Mary cried, and Liisa said no more.
My promise to come next Sunday still holds good.
Today's pigs are tomorrow's hams.
The devil is a squirrel.
Markku was head over heels in love with Liisa.
Markku tried to put a spoke in Tom's wheel.
I'll never come back. Put that in your pipe and smoke it!
There is just time enough for us to have a quick one.
Liisa has gone completely off the rails since she started life on her own.
The sentence rings a bell with me. Where have I read it before?
His firm was on the rocks in a brief space of time.
At home it is Liisa who rules the roost.
That game is boring.
Markku at any rate is not to blame.
I know I made a mistake, but you needn't to rub it in!
Modesty doesn't pay in the long run.
Liisa has the run of her friend's flat.
Markku ran up against strong opposition with his proposal.
You will never find a more wretched hive of scum and villainy. We must be cautious.
I haven't heard that joke in a long time.
Half an hour passed.
The minimum wage is $2.an hour.
What happened? No one is here. There are hardly any new contributions. This just cannot be!
We must learn to live in peace with each other and with the environment.
Health is wealth.
We have to find out what's going on.
She listened to me patiently and very attentively.
She listened to me patiently and very carefully.
She should have been killed in the accident, but she survived.
The Amazonian forest is the largest tropical forest on Earth.
Milk comes from cows.
Yogurt is made from milk and cream.
Bacon comes from pigs.
Ham comes from the hind leg of a pig.
There's also another possibility.
I can't do this to him.
I can't do this to her.
No, it's not right.
One minute she was here, the next she was gone.
One minute he was here, the next he was gone.
I dropped my sandwich.
I bit into my sandwich.
I almost dropped my sandwich.
Can I get your number?
He was eating a bologna sandwich.
The sandwiches were awful.
She makes the best sandwiches in the world.
She cut the sandwich into four smaller sandwiches.
She handed me my sandwich.
I finished my sandwich.
That's my favorite kind of sandwich.
Can you cut my sandwich in half?
I couldn't find my sandwich.
I couldn't finish my sandwich.
I'm going to make myself a sandwich right now!
You can have my sandwich.
You will eat your sandwich! Whether you like it or not!
I'd like a sandwich.
I ordered a BLT sandwich.
He made himself a sandwich.
I don't want a sandwich.
I'd like a sandwich, please.
They unwrapped their sandwiches.
I had a peanut butter and jelly sandwich.
She cut the crusts off her sandwich.
I want to hear your story. Go on, please.
What were you looking at?
What were you staring at?
I didn't kill anybody!
Her hair was a mess.
Won't you tell me?
It took me a long time to fall asleep.
"What were you doing staring at her boobs?" "What are you talking about?"
"What are you looking at?" "Nothing."
You're fired!
Tom, you're fired!
The bed is on fire!
Why are you staring at me like that?
Did you speak to my father yesterday?
Shut up and sit down.
That's not fair!
Tom, what were you looking at?
I'm not fat!
The commandant decided that everyone had to leave the ship.
A tangled hierarchy is a hierarchical consciousness system in which a strange loop appears.
He was mortally wounded.
Tomorrow a distant cousin is coming.
The older, the wiser.
Tom lost kilograms.
By the fact itself.
It'll take a long time.
It'll take a long time for me to finish this.
I've still got a lot of work to do.
When I look for something in our loft, I never come back empty-handed, but not with the thing I had hoped to find.
Where is Laurie?
Where is the hotel?
I know I made a mistake, but you don't need to rub it in.
You have done a good job. I'll take my hat off to you.
Is this for sale?
Are these for sale?
I want to be able to read French.
My name is Laurie.
I'll go to bed early.
Betty killed her own mother.
She held on to me to prevent me from going.
I'll learn German.
I can do the deal.
Do you feel like porridge this morning?
I am fed up with her complaints.
You need to believe in something.
Tom is surprisingly good at French.
I have to sell it today.
I wish I could stay here with you today.
Epilepsy can have various causes.
How do you change your clothes so fast?
Hedgehog is a proud bird. If you don't kick it, it won't fly.
Wednesday is a little Friday.
I have to sell all today.
I have to sell them all today.
Thanks for existing.
I love Istanbul.
I'm not Darth Vader.
I sit when I pee.
I don't have anything to do!
She is not ugly.
Is she beautiful?
He is afraid.
Do you have the book?
Another world is possible.
They're getting worse.
Freedom is only where power is.
This is not a book for children.
Tom said to Mary that it was very pleasant to hear her voice.
After years of success he has come down in the world.
Learning languages comes easy to him.
When will Liisa's party come off?
His attempt to deceive me did not come off.
When Liisa sees that you've broken the cup, you'll catch it.
I dropped her a broad hint, but she didn't catch on.
Markku is for all the world like his father when he was young.
They made short work of Markku's case and sent him off to prison.
Markku and Liisa had just enough to keep the wolf from the door.
Do you have change for this bill?
What kind of quadrilateral is it?
The policeman signaled me to stop.
He obviously knew more than he told his wife.
There was a cholera epidemic in Haiti.
The beginning of a sentence starts with a capital letter.
At the beginning of a sentence a capital letter is used.
Spaghetti don't grow on trees.
He likes his spaghetti al dente.
There is no reason for such mayhem.
Science has made a great deal of progress.
Cooking pasta is easy.
I have to refuse your offer, as tempting as it might be.
Tom doesn't know how to cook pasta.
Add the pasta to the boiling water.
Drain the pasta into the colander.
I bought a slow cooker.
One cannot learn a language without being in touch with the language.
Can I cash this cheque?
Gold has a price, but knowledge is invaluable.
When I look out of my window, I can see a park with a children's playground.
They walked along the road together until they reached the village, but then their paths diverged.
Sorry for the late reply.
Live and fight!
Take a doughnut from the shelf!
Never ask for the obvious.
But not in front of the choir.
But not before choir practice.
The sea is green.
The boy is strong.
The girl is beautiful.
The pig is pink.
Shall we go to Lithuania?
It happens in Lithuania.
This is a table.
This is a chair.
This is a bag.
Those who try to be foolish are foolish.
I shake the money box to hear it jingle.
When they gave her the piggy bank, the first thing Laura did was put in a couple of coins and shake it to hear it tinkle.
That's my line.
That's what I want to ask.
He told him he was adopted with his dying breath.
Aoife is loved by everyone.
Róisín and I are in the same school.
You'll stay in Síle's house.
Siobhán will do her homework.
Aisling seems very happy.
Breandán is a lawyer.
Séamus will become an interpreter.
I'm Máire's fiancé.
I will go to Ireland this summer.
Ireland is a very beautiful country.
Irish is a very beautiful language.
I want to learn Irish.
Don't you hate everything?
Tom looks very sleepy.
I feel perfectly fine.
Please step out of the car.
Please step out of the vehicle.
It's quite simple. Let me show you.
You're one of the most interesting women I've ever met!
What is going on with Tatoeba lately?
This is Tom's room.
Can we talk this over?
Can't we just talk this over?
Mary wants to have a tea party in her room.
These are for you.
Don't you think it's cool?
I like my steak medium, not rare or well-done.
Does he have a big family?
Does he have a big nose?
Does he have long hair?
Do you make your bed every morning?
They burst out laughing.
Does he have gray hair?
Does he have a big house?
I take care of him.
She takes care of her brothers and sisters.
I straighten my hair every morning.
I straighten my hair every day.
Is this bad for my hair?
Tom's hair is always greasy and dirty.
When is the last time you showered?
When's the last time you showered?
How is it possible?
Her brother looked at her.
He's a good kisser.
He won't live long.
She is mischievous.
She began to cry again.
I can't believe I cried.
She has white teeth.
He has big feet.
She has big boots.
She is watering her flowers.
You can handle it.
She has tiny feet.
She has long, curly hair.
She has some freckles.
You don't have any freckles.
She doesn't have any freckles.
She has big lips.
She has big dreams for her future.
He was supposed to be here.
On this day I had difficulties with speaking.
Are you now working part-time or full-time?
Give it up for this trooper.
He writes badly.
I mean those of the 10th of June.
What are you going to do for your years?
The pain in my neck I got from holding my head straight at the dentist's yesterday was worse than anything the dentist did to my teeth.
Only the person who becomes an adult while staying a child is a human being.
I'll sleep on the couch.
He is a person you can go and steal horses with.
What's your sign?
The stirrup rests on the oval window of the inner ear.
I am proud of you.
We should eat something.
Iranian people are peace loving.
Both of you are right.
The room is sunny.
The girl opened her umbrella.
I want my steak medium-well, not well-done.
This is a girl.
These are students.
I won't find a girlfriend.
My ideas are always great.
My ideas are always spectacular.
Always lock the door.
We all said hello to her as she came in.
Catch it!
The system is under maintenance.
Please come back later.
Why is there no mobile version of Tatoeba?
I remember that place.
Europe doesn't need anyone.
I learned a new thing.
Let's wait for our turn.
I have to design a new poster for the film.
I have to design a new poster for the movie.
I have to design a new flier for the film.
I have to design a new flier for the movie.
It is a table.
This is not a table.
That is not a fish.
It is not a dog.
Mostar is a very beautiful city.
Where is Banja Luka?
Where is the dog?
This is my father's shirt.
This is my mother's computer.
I live in Sarajevo.
My friend came to the library to study.
Tomorrow I'll turn 28.
What is the next of the riddle?
I would like to go to the beach with you but today I don't have time.
She is my gipsy wife.
Where can I leave my bike?
Where can I leave my bicycle?
The plane takes off at 17:30.
Could you mind my bag for a moment while I go to the toilet?
Everybody agrees.
Have you been happy in Portugal?
It's no good trying to bypass the problem.
What does he look like?
He says you're lying.
She says you're lying.
Are you sure it was Tom?
Are you sure it was me?
I couldn't help blushing.
He has wide shoulders.
He took her hand and sat down beside her.
Let's start with the basics.
"Come back down to earth," she whispered into his ear.
A country that ignores its past, that knows nothing and wants to know nothing about it, cannot have a future.
He resembles his father.
The city of Yefren in Libya has 30,inhabitants.
Were these six months of full time studies at your current educational institution (school)?
He lives in a luxury apartment close to Central Park.
I'm now uploading the pictures I took last night.
Who is standing at the counter?
Which flower do you like the most?
I'm going back home for Christmas.
I'm going to Florida for the winter.
I'm going to Boston for Thanksgiving.
I'm going to Boston for a conference.
Australia is a beautiful country.
Of all the countries I've visited, I liked Australia the best.
More than an hour went by before the train started to move.
As the boss was walking away the employees remained silent, listening for the clicking of her heels against the floor, to make sure that she really had left.
The first humans were not the last apes.
I am warm.
John chased Mary.
The cat is old.
On the way home we stopped at a farm to look at the newly-born foals and calves.
Be peaceful. Not taking revenge can be a sort of revenge, too.
I noticed you didn't finish eating your dinner.
The Party is always right.
The blackbird found a little red worm in the green grass.
A dash of vinegar is all the salad needs.
A good deal remains to be done.
Are you dead certain that you can do it?
Do you have a deck of cards?
Do you know how to dance the rhumba?
Do you put cream in your coffee?
How many men do you have working in the dairy now?
How much damage has been done?
I don't have a great deal of money to spend.
I feel dead tired.
I got up at the crack of dawn.
I worked all day yesterday.
I've decided to go to the theater.
If they make a deal, we're saved.
Is the wound very deep?
It gets dark earlier and earlier.
It happened in the dead of night.
It was a dangerous trip.
It'll save time if we cut across the field.
It's been a long day.
It's dangerous to swim here.
It's very dead around here in the summer.
Let's cut the cake now.
Let's go up on deck.
Mary is very dear to me.
Mary wore a dark brown dress.
May I have the next dance?
The doctor says Tom is out of danger now.
The letter was dated April tenth.
The poor child was born deaf and dumb.
The soldier was decorated for his brave deed.
The workers say they got a raw deal.
They declined Tom's invitation as politely as they could.
They said the deal was off.
This invention marked the dawn of a new era in weaving.
This is a dead-end street.
This lake is very deep.
Tom dared me to do it.
Tom dashed to the corner to mail a letter.
Tom dealt fairly with me.
Tom had to pay damages to the owner of the car.
Tom has his first date with Mary tonight.
Tom has kept me in the dark about his plans.
Tom phoned me yesterday from Boston.
Tom, would you mind lending me ten dollars?
Tom's father is dead.
Tom's friendly manner deceived us.
Tom's health has declined a lot recently.
Tom's height gave him a decided advantage in the game.
We have to pick those apples right now, otherwise they'll decay.
We haven't come to a decision yet.
We spent three days in the country.
We're in danger of being late.
Whatever you say, dear.
Who's your date tonight?
Don't make light of this advice.
Well, my friend, that's my last word. And if you don't like it you can lump it.
The long and the short of it is that I simply don't like her.
Look alive or you'll miss your date!
It is better to lie low until this affair blows over.
I think I have done my bit; it's your turn now.
I was out of my depth in that debate.
I didn't dare to leave the baby.
And you think I'm going to pay for it? Catch me!
The dog will bark.
What you are telling me about Liisa is quite out of character.
The old dog barked.
Due to the sudden death of his father, he abandoned his plans of living outside the country.
The dog barked softly.
I wish you'd let Tom go with us.
I wish you would let Tom go with us.
I wish you had let Tom go with us.
I've subscribed to the service, but I still haven't utilized it with anyone.
For Markku Liisa's comment was a slap in the face.
I don't think they're capable of doing that.
I wish you'd both keep quiet.
I wish both of you'd keep quiet.
Did the dog bark?
The dog has been barking.
Do not worry about it!
It's not important to me what you decide to call me.
Her sweater was great, but nothing compared to what became evident below.
The moon looks so perfectly round. It's actually the base of a cone, you know.
We had no end of fun.
Liisa calls Markku up every now and then.
And I said, My leanness, my leanness, woe unto me! The treacherous have dealt treacherously; yea, the treacherous have dealt very treacherously.
She has wide hips.
She has narrow hips.
Give me a little ice cream.
The dog is brown, small, and thin.
The dog is brown, small, and skinny.
That's exactly what you need now.
That's precisely what you need now.
I really need some tequila!
I'm not going to drag their suitcases around.
I'm not going to drag their luggage around.
I'm not going to lug their suitcases around.
That puppy barks very loudly.
Tom told Mary he wouldn't carry her suitcase for her.
There's a doghouse in the yard.
Tom refused to carry Mary's suitcase.
We have a doghouse in our backyard.
Having considered your proposal, we have decided that we are unable to lower the price.
I would be very thankful if you could make a reservation for a room that is near your company.
I could not visit today because of my illness.
May I visit your office tomorrow morning?
You must heed the advice of your teacher.
My spoon is bigger!
She doesn't know anyone there, though.
I could introduce her to some people.
Well, the one thing that I really disliked about Chicago was the weather.
Everyone expects politicians to break their promises to the voters.
It's one of the qualities I like most about you.
Because the battery of my watch is very small, I can't change it by myself.
Sometimes a friendly gesture is worth more than a thousand words.
If you ask me, I don't agree with that.
In a family you can find: a grandfather and a grandmother, a father and a mother, a son and a daughter, a grandson and a granddaughter, further a brother and a sister, an uncle and an aunt, a nephew and a niece, a boy cousin and a girl cousin.
Liisa phones Markku occasionally.
Children are happy, and animals, and women, but we humans are not.
Would you give me your phone number?
He says that he will come tomorrow.
She says that she will come tomorrow.
From where do you see that?
I'm not completing your assignments.
I hope the bouncers will be present.
The bouncers can't decide who can enter a club and who cannot.
I'm not exterminating your rats.
I'm not exporting your clothes.
I'm not filtering your tea.
I'm not straining your tea.
I'm not closing off your rooms.
I'm not cracking your mugs.
I don't crack your mugs.
I'm glad to see you, but there's nothing you can do here.
It's a miracle.
Stalin was the father of all peoples - in his own unhealthy imagination.
I'm convinced that you're right.
That's his horse.
A bow is nothing without arrows.
Today I have to see my new professor of philosophy.
I'm really glad to be here and the more, to be here with you.
When it came to the crunch she just gave in.
I'll be ready in two minutes.
She ordered him not to give orders.
Don't talk. They might hear us.
I'm on the interstate.
I'm on the interstate and Tom is right behind me.
Mary, you're beautiful. I love you.
Is Tom an artist?
Eternity is a long time.
Oh, thank you, Tom. Thank you!
Wake up, sleepy-head!
His hair was tousled.
The door wasn't closed.
I really need this paycheck.
He complained about the food.
I tried not to stare.
I'm really shocked.
You are handsome.
She is alive!
She's alive!
Tom is alive!
She calmed down and returned home.
I became intrigued.
That only happens in the movies.
I'm sorry, my love.
They're in a long-distance relationship.
I really like this song.
He's from Germany.
Everything will be okay. I promise.
I dream about him every night.
I dream about her every night.
He isn't much older than me.
She's not much younger than me.
Love happens when you least expect it.
Your question is illogical.
I'll give you one more chance.
He's not breathing!
She gave him mouth-to-mouth resuscitation.
He gave her mouth-to-mouth resuscitation.
His car has a turbocharger.
Each to their own.
It was interesting and amusing.
Why don't you ask him directly?
Her car broke down on the interstate.
Why don't you ask her directly?
This car needs new tires.
It was three in the morning.
It's hard to imagine.
He climbed up the ladder.
Do you know any good German movies?
She's a fan of German cinema.
She's a fan of French cinema.
I'm going to give you just one more chance.
I'm going to give you one last chance.
I'll give you just one more chance.
I'll give you one last chance.
She leaped from her chair.
When she heard the news, she leaped from her chair.
She leapt from her chair.
He leaped out of bed.
He leapt out of bed.
He had no desire to kiss her.
I won't always be around.
He won't always be around.
She won't always be around.
I won't always be around to help you.
Waves are generated by wind.
She's extremely cautious.
I saw nothing at all.
How fast were you going?
Does he speak with an accent?
You have lipstick on your teeth.
Please turn off the lights.
This is so much better!
It took me by surprise.
It exceeded my expectations.
She tried to steal my boyfriend.
She moved to Germany.
He moved to Germany.
I use a three-ring binder for all my subjects instead of a notebook for each one.
God be with you.
You won't like him.
I hope you don't die.
I hope she doesn't die.
I hope he doesn't die.
Tom was afraid he was going to die.
Tom was afraid Mary was going to die.
Tom hoped that Mary would recover.
Everybody hoped that Tom wouldn't die.
Tom usually calls Mary every evening after dinner.
Tom sometimes calls Mary in the morning before breakfast.
Tom sometimes calls Mary as many as five times a day.
Tom almost never calls Mary.
She puts her own interests above everything else.
I do not cut their hair.
He puts his own interests above everything else.
And I give my heart to know wisdom, and to know madness and folly: I have known that even this is vexation of spirit; for, in abundance of wisdom is abundance of sadness, and he who addeth knowledge addeth pain.
He has bats in the belfry.
In a quivering voice she cried "Help!"
This isn't going to work.
Do you know any good sites for studying languages?
Some of the Olympic events will be held in a neighborhood called Deodoro.
We were a perfect couple.
I often reflect on the place where we first met.
I haven't finished my lunch.
He'll regret it sooner or later.
I was just about to leave when the telephone rang.
Take your hat off.
We know what we are, but not what we could be.
Tom had a strange dream last night.
It can be considered as rest.
You don't have to go to the dance if you don't want to.
If you're not careful, you'll make a mistake again.
If you're not careful, you'll make another mistake.
If you aren't careful, you'll fail again.
Let us know in the comments!
He has occult powers!
She has occult powers!
He has otherwordly powers!
She has otherwordly powers!
He has preternatural powers!
She has preternatural powers!
I've been there two weeks ago because of the desperation.
I've been there two weeks ago because of the despair.
Every plant needs water and light.
I'm the only Brazilian who can't speak Portuguese and dance samba.
I am the only Brazilian who can't speak Portuguese and dance samba.
I'm coming back home by bus.
The size of the group should not be more than twelve persons.
Tom hasn't been giving me any attention recently.
Boredom is the beginning of all vices.
You'll lose time.
She'll lose time.
He'll lose time.
Tom will lose time.
Mom will lose time.
Failure is nothing but humiliation when it doesn't inspire the genius to overcome old barriers.
After Tom came in, the conversation died.
Different people tell different versions of the incident.
Do you have a small English-Russian dictionary?
Don't let the fire die down.
I just about died laughing when I heard it.
I saw Tom three different times today.
I won't go into detail if you don't want me to.
I'm dying to find out what Tom said.
If there are any new developments, let me know.
It's difficult to understand what Tom means.
Mary is dying for a chance to meet Tom.
The hotel is located deep in the mountains.
The lessons are getting more and more difficult.
The motor died before we got to the top of the hill.
The subject is too deep for me.
The subject of the lecture is already determined.
These exercises will develop the strength of your fingers.
They differ in many respects.
They're always deep in debt.
This custom is dying out nowadays.
This drink has a really different flavor.
This isn't a diamond. It's just plain glass.
This mine is meters deep.
Today's paper gives further details of the accident.
Tom devoted himself to his family.
Tom dictated a letter to his secretary.
Tom did it in spite of all the difficulties.
Tom died this morning at 2:30.
Tom gave Mary a diamond ring.
Tom is determined to have his way.
Tom is quite different from what I expected.
Tom loves to talk about his travels in great detail.
We defeated our opponents in the last game.
We had difficulty finding your hotel.
We must try to determine the best course of action.
What was the determining factor in this case?
He is not in the habit of going to church.
Sometimes it's better to concentrate on a modest objective in order to achieve a more ambitious one.
This year I didn't have time to go on holidays.
Here the copyright comes into play.
What time did you go to bed yesterday?
There are three empty rooms. However, we can't use any of them.
If you act like a child, you'll be treated like a child.
Among so many actions committed by dictators, we can mention that: they suspend political activity, they suspend the rights of workers, they forbid strikes, they destroy the Supreme Court of Justice, they shutdown nighttime places of business, they censure the mass media, they burn thousands of books and magazines considered dangerous.
What did I tell you to do?
He's not bad.
She's not bad.
I knew he didn't like me.
I know he doesn't like me.
I knew she didn't like me.
I know she doesn't like me.
Is it good or not?
You have to try!
He probably likes it.
She probably likes it.
The thief smashed the window.
They're towing your car.
Your car is being towed.
They are not happy.
Tom wanted Mary to sign a prenuptial agreement.
Many couples nowadays sign prenuptial agreements.
Last night was really awesome.
I run ten kilometers daily.
Overtraining leads to increased sympathetic activity.
Renal failure leads to disturbed water homoeostasis.
I ask you to forgive me.
You cannot learn a language without tongue contact.
There is some work to do.
I run ten kilometers a day.
We want to get more information.
Well, I can cross that off my bucket list.
Patriotism is the last refuge of a scoundrel.
Tom is considering several possibilities.
Once again he was totally plastered.
There is no such thing as a must.
Sometimes Markku is a bit slow on the uptake.
We thank you for your generous support.
Liisa didn't have a clue what to do.
Eat all the food on your plate because there are starving children in the world.
Think of the starving children.
You have to eat everything!
Clean your plate!
Eat! There are starving children who would love to have that food.
Let me give you a word of advice.
There are starving children in Africa.
Do you miss your friends?
Thank you for your kindness and hospitality.
It's not blood. It's tomato sauce.
Markku put his life on the line to rescue Liisa.
I ate only bananas.
All I ate was bananas.
The situation was extremely dangerous; it was a matter of life and death.
He never told her where he hid the diamonds.
This is a quiet street.
Tonight Liisa and Markku were in the mood to whoop it up.
He's tall and athletic.
And again he was drunk as anything.
He's a sore loser.
I want to hibernate.
Don't let the fire burn out.
Your keyboard needs replacing.
He was sent to the galleys.
He was sentenced to the galleys.
Do you think he will do anything else?
He measures the time with a radio clock.
He measures the time with a radio-controlled clock.
Half the world knows not how the other half lives.
It can be expensive.
She found what she wanted.
She passes the time moaning.
The bag has two outer pockets.
That's a good point to bring up during the meeting.
At least it will give the family a sense of closure to know that the murderer has finally been put behind bars.
Conversion to the metric system was opposed by tool manufacturers.
His cries for help were drowned by the roar of the surf.
The new agreement included a provision that dealt with the ramifications of the outbreak of a war.
Several of the original signatories, notably the countries with the largest military forces, declined to consider a new treaty.
Fortunately, the organizational changes did not involve any layoffs.
It's all about intelligent allocation of resources.
However, as of yet, no one has described the transformation of a cockroach into a human.
I expect the board to issue a new directive that cancels the old one.
There are many ideological similarities between parties at the extreme ends of the political spectrum.
Manhattan is the best-known borough in New York.
He had once again drunk one over the eight.
The archbishop caused an uproar with his dismissive comments about the nuns' concerns.
As far as I know, it's not all that far to walk.
Recruitment into the military became more and more difficult as the war grew increasingly unpopular.
No delegation was allowed to visit the besieged region.
We meet in the evening at the bridge.
Liisa had a problem with the fact that Markku constantly tried to exploit his superiority.
Statutory law is written and passed by a legislature.
Several stocks in the portfolio lost value over the course of the year.
"All humans are mortal" is an empirical observation based on millennia of experience.
The definitive treatise was written by someone with no formal education in the subject.
The midland region was hampered by lack of access to the sea.
The woman of today is exposed to various stresses. She must try to reconcile career and family life.
A heath is often created or expanded by fire, which prevents the growth of trees.
His career in the company was over before it had begun.
He has white teeth.
Staten Island is one of the five boroughs of New York.
When I was in New York, I visited Brooklyn.
Queens is my favorite borough.
Have you ever seen Buckingham Palace?
How handsome you are!
There is more than enough room for another car.
How long are you planning to stay?
Today I'm all out of ideas.
We went for a swim in the sea and afterwards dried our wet bathing things, sticking them under the windscreen wipers of the car.
It's sad.
Talking of soccer, Neymar is the player of the moment.
I can't agree with you with regard to the new plan.
I can't stop smoking.
I can't leave off smoking.
My ink is better than yours.
Chess does not rely on chance.
I would like to talk with him in person.
I'm going to the well to get water.
I consider her a good friend.
I consider him a good friend.
Tom destroyed the children's sand castle.
He made a sand sculpture.
No one showed up.
No one showed up at Tom's party.
He has clear blue eyes.
The water was blue.
We had a fun day at the beach.
The bus stopped, but nobody got off.
If I'd had more money, I'd have bought that pen.
They did not believe me.
I felt attracted to him.
I felt attracted to her.
She's a good-looking woman.
He's a good-looking man.
This man is good looking.
He's good looking for his age.
She's good-looking for her age.
The restaurant wasn't full.
The restaurant is full.
He refused to go on holiday with his parents.
Tom is on holiday with his parents.
They split the bill evenly.
We ate dinner at a restaurant.
It wasn't all that great.
The movie wasn't all that great.
The concert wasn't all that great.
The food at that restaurant wasn't all that great.
I want to spend more time with my family.
I wish I could spend more time with my family.
You have much to learn.
Let's strive after virtue and give up vice.
Liisa had a problem with Markku constantly trying to exploit his superiority.
Leave it in my hands.
Binocular disparity is difference in images between the two eyes.
Nothing is heard about him.
Please take note of that.
Welcome to Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia that anyone can edit.
Keep your eyes closed until I say that you should open them.
Don't you trust your instincts?
Stop being so ridiculous!
Can I drive you home later?
Her long hair was chestnut brown.
He worked both the lunch and dinner shift.
Spencer's attitude drives me nuts.
You don't sound like you're from around here.
Surprisingly, it wasn't hard to pass the exam.
Hyacinths and fresh-cut grass remind me of my childhood.
After his kids went to bed, he spent his nights alone.
In my opinion, the girl is Swedish.
I'm working too much.
I want to go and live in Luxembourg!
I'd like some ice cream.
This glass is dirty.
This fork is dirty.
I hate cold winter days.
I hate rainy days.
I hate the winter.
I hate winter.
I love this time of year.
I love sitting on the beach.
He asked me to do what I can to hook them up.
In China they also study Esperanto.
He's a Frenchman.
I turned in my report yesterday.
This tree is tall.
I am your older sister.
I'm your older sister.
I am your elder sister.
I'm your elder sister.
There is less crime in apartment buildings surrounded by trees and greenery.
Vegetation lowers crime.
That's what makes me happy.
This tree is over 1,years old.
You can sleep in my bed if you want.
I'll change the sheets.
He was sitting on the bed.
She covered me with a blanket.
The police covered the body with a sheet.
Have we met somewhere before?
That's my car!
Squirrels can run really quickly.
The dog is running after the squirrel.
My dog likes chasing squirrels.
What are you doing this summer?
Squirrels like nuts.
Please, move this rock from here to there.
I'll tell him when he comes back.
Someone is ringing the bell, but I'm not expecting anyone this morning.
You are always good for nothing.
Look the setting of the sun.
I saw your shop board out there on the road.
Some people have nothing to do in life!
Not all laws are just.
Are all laws just?
This law is unjust.
I know him quite well.
You know him better than I do.
He wants to buy a pony.
She wants to buy a pony.
He used to play poker with us.
She plays poker with them.
He had no idea what she was talking about.
Tom had no idea what the woman was talking about.
He has problems at school.
She doesn't have any problems at school.
He has a crush on the girl next door.
She has a crush on the boy next door.
Show me your hands.
How many legs does a dog have?
Is this water safe to drink?
Why can't Tom come?
I'll loan you my dictionary.
I don't know how to swim either.
Maria didn't suspect that "Tom", her pen-friend, with whom she had been corresponding for months over the Internet and whom she secretly loved, without ever having met him, was actually a super-intelligent squirrel.
The yogurt is delicious.
You can eliminate a few constraints from your optimization problem if you parametrize your variables into spherical coordinates.
He doesn't have any problems at school.
She has problems at school.
She is playing poker with them.
She used to play poker with us.
I know her quite well.
He covered me with a blanket.
We dined at a restaurant.
It might be expensive.
It may be expensive.
It could be expensive.
I love the way you look at me.
I love the way you make me feel.
I love the way you dress.
I love the way you make me laugh.
I love the way you surprise me.
I love the way you kiss me.
I love the way you treat me.
I love the way you hold me.
I love the way you say my name.
I love the way you sing.
I live in Antalya.
The people here are particular about what they eat, so even if a restaurant is inexpensive, it'll soon go out of business if the food doesn't taste good.
Tom never had any problems at school.
Tom and Mary have always gotten along well.
Tom and Mary have always lived in Boston.
Tom and Mary always speak to each other in French.
Tom and Mary have always gotten along well with each other.
That was so cute!
What a jungle!
It's hard to say.
Let's go meet some of my friends.
He was bitten in the leg by a snake.
The jungle was dense and thick.
He helped my mother and my sisters.
They played on the jungle gym.
No one ever saw him again.
No one ever saw her again.
They entered the jungle.
The two squirrels chased each other around the trunk of a large tree.
The squirrel ate out of her hand.
There were flowers everywhere.
The squirrels jumped from branch to branch.
There are some things I want to talk to you about.
I'll meet you downstairs.
I am not surprised at all.
Did you hear about the rumor?
She wants to be popular.
I don't know who started that rumor.
I know who started the rumor.
There's a rumor that Tom is gay.
She didn't believe the rumor.
He didn't believe the rumor.
I think we need more cookies.
I think we need more sentences.
They are both talented.
You two are harshing my marshmellow.
I'm jumping to the worst-case scenario.
Truth is like a disco ball, and only one of the tiny little mirrors it is made up of is actually yours.
I love Native Americans.
I love all Native Americans from the Arctic region to Tierra del Fuego.
This is a tribute to all the Native Americans who died to defend their land, their people and their culture ever since Christopher Columbus set foot on their land.
Now we want to save our languages from extinction, not talk about them.
He doesn't eat meat, does he?
What do you want to do after you graduate from college?
This baby is half a year old.
This baby is six months old.
Tom is a world-famous bus conductor.
You make me want to cry.
I didn't want to go with you.
I don't want to put it down.
Tom is a world-famous bus driver.
I trust her.
My brother closes his eyes when he's drinking.
I need some paper with letterhead to send the quote to the new client.
I wrote the phone number on the writing pad.
I need a writing pad.
If a guy has got a bunch of flowers in his hand, it means that he is going to practise not botany, but anatomy.
If more people had voted, we would have won the election.
Would you have liked the dress if it had been a darker color?
If you had asked me to marry you, I would have said yes.
Would you have come to visit me if I had invited you?
If I had gone to that restaurant last night, I would have eaten a steak.
I would have bought that car if I'd had the money.
Would the cat have scratched you if you hadn't annoyed it?
She would have called me if she'd had my phone number.
If you hadn't asked me for it, I wouldn't have given it to you.
If they had offered you the job, would you have accepted it?
Would we have been so happy if they had won the competition?
They wouldn't have ordered that dish if they'd known what it was.
Would you have been surprised if you had seen her on the street?
If you had picked up the phone, I would have invited you to the party at Tom's house.
The tea is really delicious.
I cannot stand that noise anymore.
I am quite puzzled by his reply.
What is correct in one society may be wrong in another society.
Sorry about the last time.
She stood looking out to the sea.
He took it out from under his coat.
I recognized him immediately since we had previously met.
I had the same version.
Due to circumstances beyond our control, we had to postpone the meeting.
The car was stolen.
That was tight.
He knows how to charm this audience.
When can we watch the next part?
What did I just watch?
That was hilarious.
This sentence is so hard to say.
Write in words the numbers you can see in the picture!
The T-shirt costs ten euro.
I just scored 15/on a review test for Unit II.
He went to the barber shop.
She went to the beauty parlor.
I gave him a huge hug.
Never mind that right now.
I hope she is okay.
I hope she's okay.
They went to Disney World.
She fell asleep on my shoulder.
He fell asleep on my shoulder.
I fell asleep on his shoulder.
I fell asleep on her shoulder.
She doesn't look happy.
Her action deserves respect.
I also like apples.
But why do they do it?
But why did they do it?
But why did you do it?
But why did he do it?
But why did she do it?
When it becomes evening, the sunlight passes through the thick fog, and because red rays are longer, therefore the sky reddens.
He came in and greeted all those present with a handshake.
We are poor because we are honest.
Even your silence can be a part of prayer.
When a person is praying one day, and then he sins six days, the Great Spirit is angry, and the Evil Spirit laughs.
When the last tree is cut down, when the last river is poisoned, when the last bird is caught, - only then will you realize that money can not be eaten.
You can not wake a person who is pretending to be asleep.
Why do you take by force what you can't take by love?
Patriotism in its simple, clear and plain meaning is nothing else for the rulers as an instrument to achieve the power-hungry and self-serving purposes, and for managed people it is a denial of human dignity, reason, conscience, and slavish submission of themselves to those who are in power.
He spoke about peace.
Mom, there is nothing to eat.
I know whose bag this is.
He's a Canadian, not an American.
Canadians are not Americans.
I'm going to Nîmes tomorrow.
Where is Nîmes?
Now I am busy.
Life is like a box of matches - treating it too seriously is stupid, whereas being careless with it is dangerous.
You have the right to do whatever you want.
I have no time to deal with you.
I will learn Uzbek this year.
Our civilization ended the day we invented the nuclear bomb.
The invention of the nuclear bomb means that we are capable of destroying ourselves.
He set the table with cups, saucers, plates and chargers.
He set the table with cups, saucers, plates and service plates.
No action today, is there?
I hope the sentence will be confirmed.
I hope the conviction will be confirmed.
Seven has always been my favorite number.
Go and tell him.
I can't believe it, I get home and I don't have anything to do.
Which car is yours?
Which car is theirs?
We all saw it!
We all saw him!
I'm supporting you from a distance!
I can't wait to see all the nice comments I'm probably gonna get.
I would accept that torture willingly.
Well, someone's gonna have to do it.
Maybe you could use a flange on it?
I would do the same.
They never get old.
Give him the horns.
I would buy him a beer.
I would lick him in the ear.
Buy him a beer.
He's got wood.
There is just enough light to read by.
Without war, the world would be a better place.
Usually, Americans prefer big cars.
You annoy me.
I was disappointed at how little work there was there.
Good job, my friend!
Do you have mobile phones?
Does your sister have children?
He is sitting in the front seat.
Tom was not jealous.
Tom wasn't jealous.
My bad. Just so you know, it wasn't on purpose.
I wasn't trying to do it on purpose.
Tom is so meticulous about the food he eats.
If you get another speeding ticket within one year, your license will be suspended.
It does not worry me that people don't know me. It worries me that I don't know the people.
A cart with four horses is not able to overtake the human tongue.
A drunk went swimming and nearly drowned.
Some people are fools, and I am one of them.
The brakes didn't work.
I get everything I want.
I can get anything I want.
Tom promised to give me anything I wanted.
So there is a problem...
But there's a problem.
My brain is exploding.
If I had to choose between those two books, I would take the one with the yellow cover.
I think honesty will pay off in the end.
I think honest people get rewarded in the end.
I see you had your homework ready before dinner.
We have to stop him from drinking more alcohol.
When she saw me, she was embarrassed.
We're only friends?
We're just friends?
Are we only friends?
He is really a good worker.
John's older than I thought.
Mr. John's older than I thought.
The train arrived ten minutes late.
Nancy and Jane had to go back home at five thirty.
Tom speaks Japanese better than Japanese do.
That bed is very comfortable.
He's sitting next to his brother.
You have to turn in your report on Monday.
I will write a letter.
I couldn't make a decision for a long time.
My younger brother is yelling loudly.
He only screams when he's hungry.
We have to turn in the reports on Monday.
Give me the report on Monday.
We have to turn in reports on Monday.
I have to turn in my report today.
He's doing well.
These horses are yours.
These horses are hers.
These horses are theirs.
These horses are his.
He worked the whole night.
People should love each other.
I take the bus to work every day.
In an old castle lived a king.
I am fat.
Pilar grew up with a secular and antifascist education.
Your daughters are beautiful.
Waves extinguish a wind.
Not even our fingers look alike.
My memory is slow.
He wishes he had glorious hair.
Enjoy the fucking music!
That's the only way to do it.
Who's hungry?
Our yard is large.
Your pen is bad.
I can teach you if you want.
Who is hungry?
You should write a book!
This is going too far.
I like extracted juice.
Where's that?
He's drunk.
How's the hematoma, Tom?
We're in summer, not in winter.
Tom is sure.
It really happened.
Quit finding fault with me!
He always finds fault with me!
Please quit finding fault with me!
He drew an apple.
Give me all the money.
This may be the very last thing I do for you.
I realized that, having fallen asleep, I had missed my stop.
Please give me this money.
Our army staged a night raid against the enemy.
Don't confuse Chinese with Japanese.
I call the boy and he comes.
It seems he knows Ann.
There seems to be a large number of people in Japan with high blood pressure.
If you visit Tom right now, he's probably just watching TV.
We're going downtown to go shopping.
His success depends on the work he puts in.
She gets paid a lot.
I worked part-time doing housekeeping in a hotel, but found out that it was just not for me.
She is not only fluent in English but speaks French fluently as well.
This guidebook is the only one I found to be really useful out of all the ones recommended to me.
We are surprised about the news.
His house is being put out for sale.
Did you want to contact us again?
Did they want to contact us again?
It'll probably take you about minutes to solve this problem.
She's washing her hands in the sink.
She had two cell phones. One to lose and the other in order to be able to find the lost one by calling it.
You don't have to be rich but, rather, independent.
I'm in Paris.
She doesn't like this game.
She didn't like this game.
The conversation lasted beyond midnight.
Many of Guantanamo's interrogators were trained torturers.
Somebody has to finish this job.
I am tired and I want to go home.
What can you buy at the market?
What to do when you're tired?
How old is your grandmother?
He really got sick.
Are the shops open on Saturday?
Tom's last name isn't easy to pronounce.
I didn't order this.
Australia’s first female prime minister Julia Gillard ousted as Labour party leader.
Tom pressed the button, but nothing happened.
Tom pushed the button, but nothing happened.
I'm sorry. I didn't do it on purpose.
Tom was expelled from school for breaking school rules.
We were surprised by that news.
He is good and coherent.
Your breath smells.
You have bad breath.
I didn't like my name when I was young.
You are right.
They asked me with which countries I would like to correspond.
I am nobody's enemy.
I solved the problem a few days ago.
When I was a little child, I wasn't frightened of anything.
You don't very often put sugar in your coffee.
She is busy. Wait a minute.
Recently, there's been a lot of talk about distance education.
You thanked Tom for the present.
They thanked Tom for the present.
I have the ace of spades.
I have the ace of clubs.
I have the ace of diamonds.
Don't push. I'm suffocating.
I almost choked on a piece of chicken bone.
It is what it is.
The boy begged for a new bike.
The giant awoke!
If there is ever another war, we will all die.
Tom just woke up.
Tom woke up at 6:30.
Tom got up at 7:00.
If there's another war, we'll all die.
I will go to Athens.
Athens is in Greece.
I always go to the beach.
Today it feels like hell is freezing over so its probably a good idea to dress for anything.
I chew gum.
I ate the red apples.
I ate the green apples.
I went to the beach yesterday.
What is the weather in Athens?
I never go to the beach.
How come you didn't come?
So you're not planning to come to today's class?
I'm sure that my friend already heard about this.
This is clearly Emet!
Forget about it. It's such a small thing.
They most certainly know.
It's quite clear that Tursun will pass the exam.
We want to take your blood pressure.
Tom is likely to pass today's exam.
There's a good chance Tom will pass today's exam.
It's quite clear that Tom doesn't want to be here.
I am writing to you today so you don't start worrying about me unnecessarily.
Psychoanalysis is more a passion than a science.
I think that this is Emet.
In his pockets there is no pipe, no tobacco, and no tabacco tin either.
It would be really good if you came earlier.
Of course it's not a problem if you go.
I'm sure that we would be able to do this properly if we discuss it with the professor.
In which case your options reduce to the previous case.
I'm sure we'd be able to do this if we had Tom's help.
I'm sure we'd be able to get this done by 2:if Tom helped us.
Good luck with the new job.
This is the best way to die.
We learn much from experience.
One hour until the event.
The tea is getting cold due to the cold air.
Oh, I got it.
Then he looked at her intently, and suddenly gave her a hug and kissed her on the lips.
Caution! Wet floor.
FWD vehicles have the tendency to understeer.
RWD vehicles have the tendency to oversteer.
Cars with AWD stand out on slippery and wet surfaces.
Fickle rabble.
The quickest way through a hairpin turn is drifting.
How far?
While we're sleeping the immune system opens its repair workshop.
He treats me with severity.
Juan gave me a trip to Cariló for my birthday.
I never knew what purpose would living forever serve, but now I know, that it would be useful to give us the possibility of learning English.
What is 'terpomo'? An apple in the ground, or a potato?
Today a child acting like a king, tomorrow a tyrant.
Let's play tag.
Do you want to play hide and seek?
There are a bunch of kids playing tag on the playground.
When I was a kid, we used to play hide and seek quite a lot.
There are a lot of children playing tag on the playground.
If you leave, I'll tell all the world you fondle me while I sleep.
There are people who engage in volunteer work.
You thanked Tom for the present, didn't you?
You're going to thank Tom for the present, aren't you?
You forgot to thank Tom for the present, didn't you?
Tom volunteers at a homeless shelter twice a week.
We're looking for more volunteers.
Perhaps you'd be willing to volunteer.
Perhaps you'd be willing to volunteer to take care of the children.
Would you be willing to volunteer at the animal shelter two or three days a week?
Most of the people working here are unpaid volunteers.
Of course I could have gone, but I didn't feel like it.
He certainly could have helped me, but didn't.
He went into the bazaar. I don't know what's keeping him there.
He came to the meeting, but for some reason didn't even utter a single word.
"Why isn't he coming out?" "Don't know. Something's keeping him there."
I'm grateful you volunteered to help.
I'm happy you volunteered to help.
Thanks for volunteering to help.
No one wants to volunteer.
Tom's a volunteer.
We're looking for a volunteer.
I was hoping you'd volunteer.
I was going to ask for a volunteer.
Tom was very quick to volunteer.
I need a volunteer to help Tom clean the garage.
We need one more volunteer to go on a mission to rescue Tom.
How do you know I didn't volunteer?
Tom is a volunteer fireman.
His foot hit the brake faster than she could yell "stop".
Tom was surprised when Mary kissed him.
It's summer already.
Let us know if you're coming.
Don't sleep with her just because you want to.
Don't sleep with her, because you'll catch an STD.
You can't always avoid problems.
You can't always have your own way.
You can't always make everyone happy.
He prefers frankfurters to sausages from Strasbourg.
The key was so rusty that they couldn't use it anymore.
I have been playing the piano since I was fifteen.
I can fight my battles myself.
The story was originally written in English.
He knew where he put his pen.
He knew where his pen was.
This story was originally written in French.
This book was originally written in French.
This book has now been translated into French.
I think it's wrong to lie.
I think telling lies is wrong.
It's wrong to lie.
Tom told Mary that it was wrong to lie.
The plane crashed into the house.
How could I hate Tom?
How in the world could I ever hate Tom?
You can't imagine how tired I am.
I can't imagine what that would be like.
You can't imagine how humiliating this is.
I can't imagine my life without Mary.
I can't imagine myself doing that.
I can't imagine what life on another planet would be like.
I can't imagine a world without music.
I can't imagine why Tom would do that.
I can't imagine anybody would be surprised.
I can't imagine anybody would be surprised if Tom and Mary got married.
I can't imagine anybody would be surprised if Tom didn't show up at the party.
I can't imagine what my life would be like without music.
I can't imagine what my life would be like without my family.
I can't imagine doing anything else.
I can't imagine what Tom is feeling now.
I can't imagine anyone wanting to see that movie twice.
I don't think anybody would want to see that movie more than once.
I don't think anyone would want to read this book more than once.
I can't imagine many people wanting to read this book more than once.
No one is capable of predicting the rage of nature.
Whatever you do in life will be insignificant but it's important that you do it because no one else will.
Tom seemed to be looking for something.
It looked like Tom was searching for something.
The cookies are in the jar.
"Why didn't he say anything?" "Who knows... He just didn't."
Tursun said something about going to France.
He claims to have passed the exam.
What else is needed?
What a waste of time!
Tom told everyone that he'd passed the exam.
What else I need from the bureaucratic point of view?
Tom told everyone that he passed the exam.
What else do I need to do?
What other forms do I need to fill out?
Tom claimed that he passed the exam.
Tom claimed that he didn't do it.
Tom claimed that he didn't see anything.
It's high time to get a motorcycle.
Is your mother fine?
He's fine.
I hope we didn't keep you waiting.
I'm not stupid enough to climb a mountain in the winter without first making adequate preparations.
I'm not the kind of idiot who would climb a mountain in the winter without proper preparations.
I would like if this didn't happen.
I would like it if that didn't happen.
I hope that doesn't happen.
I like beautiful things even if they are umbrellas.
No, thank you. I don't drink coffee.
She's a very beautiful girl.
She didn't reply to my letter.
In Germany ghosts don't pay taxes.
What's that little blinking light?
It was cloudy, with scattered rain showers.
Before turning, put on your blinkers to warn other drivers.
My connection has sporadic problems.
There's a ton of dust on top of the fan blades.
The worker is carrying sand with a shovel.
Thinking too much is bad.
You think too much!
Master Ode, surrounded by the emperor's guards, continued fighting.
You think too much too.
In the end, she still had something to say.
In the end, he still had something to say.
I know you have more important things to do.
It's free and fast!
What helps you to sleep better?
It's of my liking.
Tomorrow will be the day of truth.
I feel like an amoeba.
What have you been up to?
What a disappointment you are!
People will shut me up by saying "you think too much", but think they desire ignorance.
A promise is a debt.
There are as many museums as there are churches.
You're thinking too much.
You're reading too much into this.
You're reading too much into things.
I can suggest to you some very good websites for your study.
I know that she is pretty.
GPS allows you to determine your location using satellites.
What's that in your hand?
"What did the professor say?" "The professor said that man first set foot on the moon in 1969."
The children love to hear stories.
It's not necessary to take all of that medicine.
Sit over there.
Careful! Your sleeve is in the soup.
His roof was damaged.
Jane didn't know that Mary was married.
He's a man who we all respect.
In English, "I am good" usually means "I am a good person" (I don't do bad things). It can also mean "I am doing well" or "I am OK", but in this case, we would tend to say "I'm fine" instead.
Tom and Mary talked about everything under the sun.
Tom asked Mary to teach him some useful phrases in French.
The roof of Tom's house was damaged in the storm.
Do you know what you are? Trash!
Islam arrived in Suriname in the late nineteenth century.
Iceland has one of the smallest Muslim communities in the world.
About seven percent of Guyana's population is Muslim.
The first Muslims of Trinidad and Tobago came from Africa.
A mare is a female horse.
A stallion is a male horse.
The Geneva Convention is not recognized at Guantanamo.
Human rights are not respected at Guantanamo.
Nobody is authorized to check what is going on at Guantanamo.
He was sent to Guantanamo.
He worked as an interrogator at Guantanamo.
He told me that he lost his textbook the morning before that.
Is this a stallion or a mare?
How much sugar do we need?
How many eggs do we need?
How much paper do we need?
How much money do we need?
How many bees live in a hive?
How many elephants are left in Africa?
How many people are in space right now?
How many countries does the Euphrates river cross?
How many eggs do you eat per day?
How many countries are there in the world?
How many soldiers died in World War Two?
How many presidents have the United States had?
How many presidents were assassinated in the United States?
When I want to be sure I remember where I have put an object, I mustn’t do it with averted eyes, but while putting it away look at it so intently, as if I were taking a photo.
How many detainees are held at Guantanamo?
Oftentimes code will start to smell.
He told me that he had lost his textbook the previous morning.
He'll really be happy, won't he?
Emily loves sweets.
Emily hates onions.
Emily is leaving Paris this morning.
Emily is wearing a beautiful dress.
I'll go to Greece.
Emily will help with my English.
Greece has a great history.
Emily has friends from various countries.
Emily is afraid of heights.
Emily is my best friend.
Emily hates toilets.
People are urinating in public.
We need to DRY out the code.
The Tatoeba Corpus is not error-free. Due to the nature of a public collaborative project, this data will never be 100% free of errors.
This really is a nice-looking briefcase, but it's expensive.
Erkin's definitely a good guy, but just has a somewhat weak character.
I spent that day listening to the lonely scrapings of a pen. During that time, from time to time, I heard a Java sparrow twittering. It occurred to me that maybe Java sparrows twitter out of loneliness too. I walked out to the veranda to see. Nevertheless, flying to and fro between two perches busily and incessantly, it did not show the slightest hint of grievance.
This may be pilaf, but it's completely flavorless.
He's busy.
"Tatoeba is barely being used today because the weather is so nice," said Tom. "That doesn't make any sense," answered Maria. "After all, the weather in the various regions of the world varies widely."
His skill in English truly astounds me.
Children need love.
This dog barks at everyone he doesn't know.
This dog barks at everyone it doesn't know.
She was buried in grading the papers.
They took turns driving the car.
Just between us, he doesn't think very deeply.
Just between us, he's not a deep thinker.
Coffee is one of this country's most important products.
One of this country's most important products is coffee.
I need to know where these quotes come from.
Don't criticize him in public.
She came to Tokyo at the age of eighteen.
My special talent is that I can form a friendship at any time, anywhere, and with anyone.
I still haven't received your e-mail. Perhaps you wrote down my e-mail address incorrectly?
Maybe you could draw me a map?
My friends generally call me Freddy.
I'm looking forward to your letter!
I won't ever have a daughter.
Those are my friends.
In every period of transition this riff-raff, which exists in every society, rises to the surface, and is not only without any aim but has not even a symptom of an idea, and merely does its utmost to give expression to uneasiness and impatience.
Tom made a catty joke about Mary's dress being from a thrift shop.
I'm looking forward to getting your letter.
I'm looking forward to your letter.
I'm looking forward to receiving letters from you.
The traffic was lighter than we expected, so we got here a bit earlier than we expected to.
The last time I saw Tom he was flirting with some girls on the front steps of the school.
Tom wanted to ask questions, but wasn't sure if he should do what he'd been asked to do.
I thought you might be interested to know that Tom and Mary have quit dating each other.
I was given a couple of tickets for tonight's concert. Would you like to go with me?
You've been studying this problem for a while. What do you think the solution is?
I'm sure you're aware that you'll be the only one there who can't speak French.
Tom wanted to tell Mary where he hid the gold coins, but John told him not to.
Tom stayed in the car while Mary ran into the supermarket for a loaf of bread.
Tom wouldn't have asked you to do the job if he didn't think you could do it.
I've locked myself out of my house, so I'm going to break a window to get in.
You were the last person in the office. You should've turned off the lights.
Tom wouldn't let me call an ambulance so I drove him to the hospital myself.
Tom would've been thirty years old today if he hadn't passed away last year.
Tom withdrew three hundred thousand dollars from the bank to pay the ransom.
I'm not sure you'll have enough time to do everything we've asked you to do.
I wouldn't have come all the way out here if I didn't really need your help.
Tom watched as Mary took a bite out of the sandwich he'd just made for her.
Tom was clipping his nails as he waited for Mary to finish getting dressed.
I'm going to tell you something about Tom that you might not want to hear.
I thought you might like to know that Tom is planning to be here tomorrow.
You wouldn't happen to know anybody who could babysit tonight, would you?
I don't know if I can speak French well enough to make myself understood.
Tom would've turned thirty next month if he hadn't died in the accident.
Tom was standing outside the window, listening to Mary and John talking.
Tom pulled out his driver's license and showed it to the police officer.
Tom asked if you'd be willing to take care of his dog while he was away.
I don't know if I can speak French well enough to explain this properly.
Tom wouldn't have given this to me if it weren't something important.
Tom won't care if we don't get there on time as long as we get there.
Tom withdrew three hundred dollars from his personal account yesterday.
Tom turned on the air conditioner and the apartment began to cool down.
Tom hasn't given Mary a birthday present since they were both thirteen.
Tom assured me that everything would be ready by the time we got there.
I want to know how much it's going to cost me to go to Boston with you.
We zipped our two sleeping bags together to make one big sleeping bag.
Tom was sitting at the counter reading a magazine when the phone rang.
Tom was about to say thanks, but Mary turned and left before he could.
Tom took the sheets off the bed and put them into the washing machine.
Tom stood in front of the padlocked door and wondered who had the key.
Tom wrote his phone number on a piece of paper and handed it to Mary.
Tom wouldn't have given this to me unless it was something important.
Tom looked through the drawer to see if there was a pen he could use.
Tom wouldn't have known how to do that if Mary hadn't shown him how.
Tom would've done it correctly the first time if you had helped him.
Tom got on the elevator and pressed the button for the third floor.
Tom asked me to tell you he didn't plan on going to Boston with you.
I'm not sure I have enough time to clean my room before I go to school.
I wouldn't have asked you to come if I weren't absolutely necessary.
I don't think it would take more than minutes to clean your room.
Tom told the authorities that he saw Mary being abducted by aliens.
Tom didn't feel like explaining why he wouldn't attend the meeting.
Some people say that you shouldn't go swimming right after you eat.
It may not be necessary for you to do that, but I think you should.
I'm sure you have a lot of interesting things to tell me about Tom.
I don't know about you guys, but I'm buying Tom a birthday present.
Would you see if you could find out what's causing all that noise?
Tom said he didn't think Mary wanted to be on the basketball team.
Tom rummaged through his closet looking for a pair of black shoes.
Tom isn't likely to be any friendlier today than he was yesterday.
Tom closed the venetian blinds, so the neighbors couldn't look in.
Tom and three other people will help us clean up after the picnic.
I'm trying to help Tom so he doesn't make the same mistakes I did.
I'm going to tell you something about Tom that you might not know.
I was thinking of getting the same kind of running shoes you have.
Would you mind explaining that once more in a little more detail?
Tom wouldn't have gotten hurt if he'd been a little more careful.
Tom walked into the kitchen with a fly swatter in his right hand.
Tom plugged in the vacuum cleaner and started vacuuming the room.
Tom became a professional golfer after he graduated from college.
I'll never work for Tom no matter how much he promises to pay me.
I told Tom he should tell Mary he didn't want to see her anymore.
Tom drinks beer with his buddies at the local bar every weekend.
Tom didn't have much time to clean the room before Mary arrived.
Tom didn't even notice Mary had dyed her hair a different color.
I'm trying to finish this crossword puzzle before Tom gets here.
I'm supposed to make sure Tom doesn't forget to buy the tickets.
I'm still not convinced that Tom is the best person for the job.
I'm going to need your help if I'm going to finish this on time.
I'm convinced that Tom didn't do what Mary accused him of doing.
I'd really appreciate it if you'd try to be on time from now on.
I would advise you strongly to do what the boss asked you to do.
I wonder why they didn't make Tom do what he was supposed to do.
I wonder how many hours it'll take to finish painting the house.
Tom would never try to do something like that without our help.
Tom was looking around the apartment to see what he could find.
Tom stood in front of department store, waiting for it to open.
Tom said he didn't know what time the party was going to start.
Tom looked like he wasn't happy with the way Mary was behaving.
Tom and Mary were arguing last night when I passed their house.
I'm trying to talk on the telephone. Could you please be quiet?
I'm calling to tell you what time you need to be here tomorrow.
I was hoping that we would find something to eat in the fridge.
You won't have any problem getting home by yourself, will you?
Would you like a drink while we wait for the others to arrive?
We wouldn't have asked Tom to come if we didn't want him here.
Tom would've gone to jail if he hadn't had such a good lawyer.
Tom tried to scream, but Mary covered his mouth with her hand.
Tom has already decided what kind of job he wants to look for.
Tom and Mary wanted to spend the rest of their lives together.
These are the names of the students who won't pass this class.
It looks like there are at least a hundred people in the room.
I'm sure that Tom will ask Mary to go to the concert with him.
I'd recommend cleaning your room before your mother gets home.
I wish you'd told that the meeting was going to start at 2:30.
I was in the neighborhood and thought I'd drop in for a visit.
You've been in an accident, but you're going to be all right.
Tom wrote his phone number on a napkin and handed it to Mary.
Tom started playing the piano when he was thirteen years old.
Tom said he didn't know why Mary wanted to break up with him.
Tom has to move out of his apartment by the end of the month.
Tom has been driving without a license since he was thirteen.
Tom didn't think he'd ever get used to sleeping on the floor.
Tom asked Mary to tell him where she had hidden the diamonds.
I'm sure you didn't do what people are accusing you of doing.
I'm sure Tom wouldn't mind helping you for a couple of hours.
I'm offering you a better deal than you'll get anywhere else.
I'll go tell everybody that we need to evacuate the building.
I wonder if Tom is going to say anything about what happened.
You've always known that eventually everyone would find out.
We wouldn't expect you to do anything you didn't want to do.
Tom wanted to play poker with us, but Mary wouldn't let him.
Tom should have known better than to get involved with Mary.
Tom said he would talk to Mary about what needed to be done.
Tom had no intention of doing anything he didn't want to do.
Tom asked Mary if she would be willing to donate some money.
Tom and Mary were eating lunch when John walked in the door.
They always say they'll be on time, but they're always late.
Sometimes we argue about things that don't matter that much.
I'm trying to understand why you don't want to live with us.
I'm surprised Tom didn't know how to spell Mary's last name.
I'm sure Tom told you Mary wanted to come to the party, too.
I'm starting to think that maybe I shouldn't have come here.
I'm not the only one who thinks Tom shouldn't be doing that.
I'll put this back where it belongs after I finish using it.
I wouldn't have gotten the job if you hadn't recommended me.
I wonder what it would be like to live in a place like this.
I won't be able to see where I'm going without a flashlight.
I was going to have cake for dessert, but I changed my mind.
I told Tom he should ask Mary to help him with his homework.
I don't suppose you're going to let me do what I want to do.
You wouldn't be in trouble if you had stayed away from Tom.
You would've gotten away with it if Tom hadn't told on you.
We women want you men to know that we don't agree with you.
Tom wouldn't have been able to do that without Mary's help.
Tom would never have let us go if Mary hadn't gone with us.
Tom was at the bus stop ten minutes before the bus arrived.
Tom put some water into the kettle and put it on the stove.
Tom gave Mary an envelope containing three hundred dollars.
They won't be able to do anything about that problem today.
Our first-period teacher handed back our test papers today.
Mary is only taller than Tom when she's wearing high heels.
I'm trying to stop Tom from making the same mistakes I did.
I'm trying to explain this to you so you can understand it.
I'm determined to solve this puzzle before I go home today.
I wouldn't be in this situation if I had been more careful.
I would never dream of trying to do this without your help.
I won't tell anyone your secret unless you tell me it's OK.
I wish we could talk in person, but that'll have to wait.
I want to know why you didn't do what you told me you'd do.
I thought we'd never get out of the burning building alive.
Would you please go to the supermarket and buy some bread?
Tom wouldn't like it if he knew Mary and John were dating.
Tom was making a sandwich when Mary came into the kitchen.
Tom was a bit surprised when he saw Mary and John kissing.
Tom took the letter, crumpled it and put it in his pocket.
Tom told me Mary wouldn't want to play volleyball with us.
Tom told Mary that he didn't have anything pressing to do.
Tom swept the floor with the new broom Mary had given him.
Tom opened the venetian blinds and looked out at the view.
Tom didn't feel like telling everybody why he was leaving.
Tom assumed Mary would like the present he bought for her.
Tom apologized for not doing what he had promised he'd do.
I'm trying to stop Tom from doing something really stupid.
I'm sure Tom had to borrow money in order to pay his rent.
I'd completely forgotten that Tom used to be a vegetarian.
I wonder how long it'll take to finish painting the house.
I wish we'd had time to visit you while we were in Boston.
I wasn't sure I could trust Tom, so I didn't say anything.
I was under the impression you wouldn't be at the meeting.
I was the only one who didn't know Tom had been in prison.
I thought I'd made it clear that I didn't want to do that.
I think you'll regret it if you sell your father's guitar.
I just want to know what time I'm supposed to pick Tom up.
I don't suppose you're going to let me go there by myself.
How long have Tom and Mary been going out with each other?
Do you think we can solve this problem without Tom's help?
You wouldn't have liked me the way I was three years ago.
Tom would like nothing more than to tell Mary everything.
Tom won't do that right away, but he'll do it eventually.
Tom was sitting at a table near the window with his date.
Tom was planning to go to Boston the day after Christmas.
Tom told me that he doesn't like to study in the morning.
Tom spoke to Mary in French, but she answered in English.
Tom said he didn't have enough money to buy a motorcycle.
Tom pulled out another document and laid it on the table.
Tom pried up some floorboards, looking for the gold coins.
Tom knew Mary wouldn't even consider coming over to help.
Tom filled the kettle with water and put it on the stove.
Tom asked Mary to remind him to call John in the morning.
Tom almost never forgets to wash his hands before eating.
They don't have enough money to buy everything they need.
That guy I was just talking to wouldn't tell me his name.
It was nice of you to help Tom do what needed to be done.
It took me almost three hours to finish my math homework.
I'm sure you'll all have a good time at the zoo tomorrow.
I'm sure you have a lot of questions about what happened.
I'm sure you have a lot of interesting things to tell me.
I'll send you the recipe for my mother's oatmeal cookies.
I'll have to speak with Tom before I can make a decision.
I'd love to stay, but I have somewhere else I need to be.
I would've told you, but Tom made me promise not to tell.
I was so busy today that I didn't have time to eat lunch.
I want to stick around, but I have a previous engagement.
I want to know how far it is from here to where you live.
I thought you only dated girls who were shorter than you.
After watching the movie, I wanted to read the book, too.
You seem to know everything there is to know about this.
Tom, Mary and John are playing cards in the living room.
Tom won't tell me how much he paid for his new computer.
Tom watched Mary drive away and then got in his own car.
Tom was impressed with how well Mary could speak French.
Tom walked out to his office carrying a couple of boxes.
Tom thought that he should go to Boston to be with Mary.
Tom stopped doing his homework and turned off the light.
Tom started to say something, and then changed his mind.
Tom said something in French that I couldn't understand.
Tom put a bag of shredded cheese into his shopping cart.
Tom posed for a picture in front of his office building.
Tom knew Mary wouldn't listen to anything he had to say.
Tom has already decided where he wants to go to college.
Tom found it more and more difficult to ignore the pain.
Tom didn't think he'd ever get used to living in Boston.
Tom apologized for not doing what he was supposed to do.
Tom and Mary are getting ready to go on their honeymoon.
This is Tom's second year playing professional baseball.
I'm surprised Tom gave Mary all the money she asked for.
I'm never going to be able to do this without your help.
I'm going to make sure Tom does what you told him to do.
I'll probably be a great-grandfather by the time I'm 75.
I wouldn't be surprised if Tom got kicked out of school.
I wouldn't be here today if Tom hadn't asked me to come.
I wouldn't ask you to do it if I didn't think you could.
I wouldn't ask you to do it if I could find anyone else.
I wonder who's going to go hiking with Tom next weekend.
I wonder if there's any cheese left in the refrigerator.
I wonder how much it would cost to get my house painted.
I was hoping to talk to you about what needs to be done.
I told Tom you were cold. He said he'd turn up the heat.
I thought you said you were willing to help us find Tom.
I can't think of any reason why Tom would want to leave.
Do you really think this is a good location for a store?
Your boyfriend's really lucky to have someone like you.
You won't be able to see anything without a flashlight.
Where would you like to be living three years from now?
Tom wasn't getting any help from anyone, so he gave up.
Tom was sitting on a bench in the park, reading a book.
Tom was about to say something, but he stopped himself.
Tom walked into the kitchen to get himself some coffee.
Tom walked around the car and opened the door for Mary.
Tom turned around to see what was happening behind him.
Tom told me he had three hundred dollars in his wallet.
Tom put his stepladder in the back of his pickup truck.
Tom lied to the police about where he was at that time.
Tom asked me who I thought would be the next president.
The weather report says we'll get three inches of snow.
The strange noise only lasted for about thirty seconds.
I'm trying to give you a chance to do that right thing.
I'm surprised Tom and Mary are still seeing each other.
I'm sure Tom will be contacting you in the near future.
I'm sure Tom wasn't surprised that Mary didn't show up.
I'm sure that by the time you get here, we'll be ready.
I'm supposed to meet Tom in Boston next Monday at 2:30.
I'm not asking you to do anything I wouldn't do myself.
I'm helping Tom move some of his things this afternoon.
I'm going to take some pictures around my neighborhood.
I'm determined to solve this puzzle before I go to bed.
I'd sleep better at night if we had locks on our doors.
I wouldn't want you to think I wasn't happy to see you.
I wouldn't have been able to do that without your help.
I wouldn't ask you to do anything that you couldn't do.
I wonder if Tom is still going to go with us on Monday.
I wonder if there's a chance Tom will be here tomorrow.
I won't make any decision without talking to you first.
I wish you had told me when Tom expected me to be here.
I was hoping you wouldn't find out about what happened.
I thought that you could tell me what I needed to know.
I thought about doing that, but I didn't have the time.
I think Tom would like the way you decorated this room.
You're the only one I can trust to do the right thing.
You'll have to ask Tom if you want to know the answer.
You wouldn't happen to have a knife on you, would you?
Tom wouldn't have done that if we hadn't asked him to.
Tom won't be going back to Boston after this, will he?
Tom usually wears sunglasses whenever he goes outside.
Tom unlocked the door with the key Mary had given him.
Tom turned to the bartender and ordered another drink.
Tom told Mary he wouldn't do what she asked him to do.
Tom started the car and pulled out of the parking lot.
Tom said he didn't think Mary had ever been to Boston.
Tom listened for a moment, but couldn't hear anything.
Tom entered the conference room, carrying a clipboard.
Tom couldn't believe that Mary had actually said that.
Tom couldn't believe that he had just won the lottery.
Tom began to open the present that Mary had given him.
Tom asked me to tell you he needed a little more time.
Tom asked me if I wanted some ketchup on my hamburger.
The bank robbers killed one guard and injured another.
I'm surprised we haven't run into this problem before.
I'm sure you don't need me to tell you how to do that.
I'm saving this bottle of wine for a special occasion.
I'm really not interested in anything you have to say.
I'm going to make you a list of what needs to be done.
I'm going to catch a ride back to the office with Tom.
I won't take less than three hundred dollars for this.
I tried to talk Tom out of it, but he wouldn't listen.
I thought you were planning on staying in bed all day.
I think you'll regret it if you don't at least try it.
You won't have anything to do if you get there early.
We won't be able to get to the bank before it closes.
Tom's car broke down on his way to work this morning.
Tom was watching the news when Mary entered the room.
Tom was holding a small flashlight in his right hand.
Tom wants to ask you if you'll help him next weekend.
Tom walked around the store, buying things he needed.
Tom told me he was going to be busy all day tomorrow.
Tom told me he thought he was going to die in prison.
Tom told Mary that her French was easy to understand.
Tom thanked Mary for the bottle of wine she gave him.
Tom spent all night worrying about what might happen.
Tom slammed on the brakes so he wouldn't hit the dog.
Tom said he didn't want to feed his dog dry dog food.
Tom said he didn't think Mary would like his friends.
Tom said he didn't think Mary had a driver's license.
Tom put on his helmet and then got on his motorcycle.
Tom put a couple of slices of bread into the toaster.
Tom opened the door to see what the weather was like.
Tom just announced that he would be moving to Boston.
Tom is still looking out the window waiting for Mary.
Tom is here to help Mary figure out her income taxes.
Tom had one arm around Mary as they entered the room.
Tom barged into Mary's office with a gun in his hand.
Tom and Mary used to talk to each other all the time.
Tom and Mary reached the front door at the same time.
It may not be necessary for us to go to that meeting.
If I had a choice, I probably wouldn't be doing this.
I'm sure you're going to enjoy yourself at the party.
I'm sure you were aware Tom and Mary knew each other.
I'm sure Tom wouldn't mind babysitting your children.
I'm sure Tom will loan you as much money as you need.
I'm sure Tom will lend you as much money as you need.
I'm supposed to make sure Tom gets to school on time.
I'm supposed to get to school early tomorrow morning.
I'm not the only one who doesn't know how to do this.
I'm not surprised to hear that Tom doesn't like Mary.
I'm just saying there must be another way to do this.
I'm going to tell them that I won't be there on time.
I'm going to get myself a beer. Do you want one, too?
I'm going to allow Tom to do whatever he wants to do.
I'm confident that Tom will do what he says he'll do.
I'm being fired because I've been late to work a lot.
I'll try to find out when we're supposed to be there.
I'll go see if there is any milk in the refrigerator.
I'd really appreciate it if you'd cleaned the garage.
I wish I could help you, but I can't stay any longer.
I wasn't in the room when Tom asked Mary to help him.
I want to know why Tom didn't go to Boston with Mary.
I want to know how much money I should bring with me.
I told Tom that it was important to be there by 2:30.
I told Tom I wasn't happy with the way he was acting.
I thought you said Tom didn't live in Boston anymore.
I just need to talk to Tom, and then I'm out of here.
You've worked with Tom for a long time, haven't you?
You won't remember any of this in a couple of years.
We're not children, so don't treat us like children.
Tom won't permit Mary to go to the party with John.
Tom went to the liquor store to buy a bottle of rum.
Tom took out his notebook and wrote something in it.
Tom took another shot at the crow, but missed again.
Tom told Mary that she should be ashamed of herself.
Tom stopped what he was doing and looked up at Mary.
Tom said he didn't know when Mary would be arriving.
Tom put his briefcase on the floor next to his desk.
Tom pulled the nail out of the board with a crowbar.
Tom picked up the walkie-talkie and started talking.
Tom picked up his stuff and put it in his briefcase.
Tom moved a little closer to see what was happening.
Tom is talking with someone right now. Can you wait?
Tom has written down a list of things we need to do.
Tom doesn't seem to be interested in going anywhere.
Tom doesn't seem to be interested in doing anything.
Tom closed his notebook and put it in his briefcase.
Tom borrowed three hundred dollars three months ago.
Tom asked me to come back here later this afternoon.
Tom asked me to ask you if you want to come with us.
Tom and Mary entered the classroom at the same time.
The last time I saw Tom he was wearing an eye patch.
The Jacksons lived in Boston before they moved here.
The house where I grew up didn't have running water.
My last real vacation was more than three years ago.
It took Tom an hour to load everything on the truck.
It looked like Tom had fallen down and hurt himself.
I've written a list of questions for you to ask Tom.
I've got to be in Boston by 2:tomorrow afternoon.
I'm trying to protect Tom from some very bad people.
I'm trying to figure out why the engine won't start.
I'm sure Tom will appreciate any help you can offer.
I'm sure there's a perfectly reasonable explanation.
I'm still waiting for Tom to show me how to do that.
I'm still in Boston, but I'll be back home tomorrow.
I'm having a hard time understanding how this works.
I'm considering sticking around for a few more days.
I'm checking to see if there is an update right now.
I'll finish cleaning this place up before I go home.
I'd be very surprised if Tom didn't come to help us.
I wouldn't even know where to start looking for Tom.
I wonder if I can ask you a few questions about Tom.
I was wondering if you could help me this afternoon.
I was talking to Tom about what happened last night.
I was afraid I might not be able to do it correctly.
I want to know how many years you've studied French.
I want to know how many times you've been to Boston.
I want to know how many people will be at the party.
I told the police that Tom was with me at that time.
I thought you said you were going to be on vacation.
I thought Tom had another hour to finish the report.
I think you might like to go to the concert tonight.
I promise you I'll do something about the situation.
I've been playing the guitar since I was thirteen.
You've only got thirty seconds to explain yourself.
You won't have any trouble finding a place to live.
Why are there fire trucks in front of our building?
Where do you want to go during the summer vacation?
What's the name of the store where you bought that?
We're throwing a party Friday evening at our place.
Tom wouldn't have made it on time if he hadn't run.
Tom would still be alive if he'd been more careful.
Tom won't know how to use it if you don't show him.
Tom won't have any trouble finding someone to help.
Tom won't allow Mary to go to the party with John.
Tom took out a book, opened it and started reading.
Tom started to say something, but Mary stopped him.
Tom started a list, so he wouldn't forget anything.
Tom signed the contract after reading it carefully.
Tom sat at the dining room table playing solitaire.
Tom said he wouldn't help, but Mary said she would.
Tom offered Mary a drink of water, but she refused.
Tom never told Mary about what he did that weekend.
Tom knew Mary wouldn't want to go there by herself.
Tom hoped that Mary would agree to go out with him.
Tom held a glass filled with wine in his left hand.
Tom doesn't have any friends who like to play golf.
Tom and Mary were sitting at a table in the corner.
They all ordered hamburgers and something to drink.
The vending machine had an out of order sign on it.
The last time I saw Tom he was a little overweight.
I'm surprised Tom doesn't know how to speak French.
I'm sure there's a reasonable explanation for this.
I'm stuck here in Boston until the job is finished.
I'm not the only one who thinks that's a good idea.
I'm not sure I have enough time to finish this report.
I'm going to warn Tom that Mary is looking for him.
I'm going to miss all of you when I move to Boston.
I'm going to explain all this in more detail later.
I'm convinced that Tom isn't telling us everything.
I'm beginning to regret not studying French harder.
I'll see if I can find out what Tom wants us to do.
I'll have to tell Tom about what we just discussed.
I'd really appreciate you not telling Tom about it.
I'd rather die than do what you're asking me to do.
I would be grateful for any help you could give me.
I would advise you strongly to do what Tom advised.
I wonder why we haven't run into each other before.
I wonder why Tom doesn't want to sign the contract.
I wonder how long this milk has been in the fridge.
I told Tom the reason why I wouldn't be able to go.
I thought you guys were planning on going swimming.
I should never have let you carry that by yourself.
I hope Tom will come and pick me up at the airport.
I have an idea how we can do this more efficiently.
I had no idea what time I was supposed to be there.
Your fingerprints were found on the murder weapon.
You wouldn't have change for a hundred, would you?
Would you mind giving me a hand moving this table?
Why don't you ever take me with you on your trips?
Whatever you do, don't complain to Tom about this.
We would have had fun if we had gone to the party.
We don't get paid enough to do this kind of thing.
Tom wrote his name on the dust-covered windshield.
Tom wouldn't be crazy enough to do that, would he?
Tom would've gone with us if we'd invited him.
Tom wondered how much he was going to have to pay.
Tom won't stop you from doing what you want to do.
Tom won't stop you from doing what you plan to do.
Tom turned on the small lamp on his bedside table.
Tom took the orange juice out of the refrigerator.
Tom took a couple of eggs out of the refrigerator.
Tom suspected Mary and John were dating each other.
Tom slowed down at the stop sign, but didn't stop.
Tom showed Mary the money he had in his briefcase.
Tom said he didn't want to live in Boston anymore.
Tom said he didn't want anything for his birthday.
Tom pulled out his wallet and took out some money.
Tom opened the envelope and pulled out the letter.
Tom never found out the truth about what Mary did.
Tom never found out the truth about Mary and John.
Tom keeps the garbage bags under the kitchen sink.
Tom is playing with his friends in the front yard.
Tom had a party when his parents were out of town.
Tom bought a cup of coffee from a vending machine.
Tom ate all the ice cream that was in the freezer.
Tom and Mary worked together to solve the problem.
Tom and Mary both wanted to make each other happy.
This isn't the first time this has happened to me.
These are the names of the people I'm looking for.
Starting tomorrow, we'll stay open until 9:p.m.
Some of us have other things we need be doing now.
It was nice of you to let me stay here last night.
Is there anything I can do for you before I leave?
I'm trying to catch up with the rest of the class.
I'm the last person Tom would want to talk to now.
I'm sure there's a perfectly good reason for this.
I'm sure there must be something I can do to help.
I'm sure I have something here that you could use.
I'm not willing to do what you're asking me to do.
I'm not the only one who thinks Tom is overweight.
I'm here to help you finish what needs to be done.
I'm going to wear these shoes on our date tonight.
I'm going to put everything back where it belongs.
I'm glad we were able to spend some time together.
I'm almost certain it was Tom who stole my wallet.
I'll give you a call when I've decided what to do.
I wouldn't be surprised if they couldn't find Tom.
I worked as a waiter to put myself though college.
I wonder whether Tom will be here tomorrow or not.
I wonder what this place was like three years ago.
I wonder what I'm going to do with all this stuff.
I wonder how we're going to get this done in time.
I was thinking about something Tom said yesterday.
I want to know who you're going to the dance with.
I told my secretary to cancel all my appointments.
I thought you said nobody here could speak French.
I thought you might try to do something like that.
I thought we had something to do this afternoon.
Do you think Tom didn't go because of what I said?
Do you really think Tom likes the gift I gave him?
You've always known this would eventually happen.
You're twice as smart as anyone else in the room.
You wouldn't know anything about that, would you?
You wouldn't have been so busy if Tom had helped.
You wouldn't believe the stuff people throw away.
Why would I ever want to buy something like that?
We wouldn't be in this mess if you had helped us.
We won't be hearing from Tom for quite some time.
Tom was sitting on the porch, reading a magazine.
Tom told us he didn't want to play poker with us.
Tom told me he wouldn't take up much of our time.
Tom told Mary that he didn't have anything to do.
Tom told Mary about everything that had happened.
Tom signed the contract after his lawyer read it.
Tom said he didn't want to buy anything for Mary.
Tom said he didn't think Mary could speak French.
Tom said he didn't know who Mary's boyfriend was.
Tom plans to play poker with us tomorrow evening.
Tom picked up his bag and walked out of the room.
Tom knows what happened here yesterday afternoon.
Tom didn't think he'd ever get used to Thai food.
Tom didn't have much time to finish his homework.
Tom came into the house, carrying his skateboard.
Tom bent down to get a closer look at the flower.
Tom and Mary were working together all last week.
Tom and Mary sat together three rows behind John.
Tom and Mary sang the song they had just written.
Tom and Mary are playing catch in the front yard.
Tom admitted he had done what he was accused of doing.
They're having a party in the apartment upstairs.
There's a ladder leaning against the garage wall.
Tell me your phone number and I'll call you back.
Nobody told me where the meeting was going to be.
I'm tired of just sitting here and doing nothing.
I'm thinking that I should take French next year.
I'm surprised Tom went to the party without Mary.
I'm surprised Tom didn't thank Mary for the gift.
I'm surprised Tom didn't show up at Mary's party.
I'm surprised Tom and Mary don't like each other.
I'm sure you two will figure out how to fix that.
I'm sure Tom has told Mary what happened to John.
I'm sure that Tom and Mary have been here before.
I'm sorry, there's nothing more I can do for you.
I'm sorry, I don't understand what you just said.
I'm sorry, but there's nothing I can do about it.
I'm sorry, but I don't feel up to this right now.
I'm so sick of you complaining about the weather.
I'm pretty sure we're going to be busy next week.
I'm not the only one who doesn't want to be here.
I'm not going to allow Tom to go to Mary's party.
I'm having dinner with some friends this evening.
I'm going to go on the blind date Friday evening.
I'm fairly sure Tom hasn't done his homework yet.
I'm definitely going to try to get there on time.
I'm actually not sure what I should be doing now.
I'd have done it myself if I'd had more time.
I'd be willing to help you for a couple of hours.
I wrote my name on the cover of all my notebooks.
I wonder why Tom didn't come to school yesterday.
I wonder if Tom would like to play poker with us.
I wish you'd consider coming back to work for us.
I wasn't sure this was where I should be waiting.
I want to know how much I'm going to have to pay.
I thought you were going to be in Boston tonight.
I thought we were going to have cake for dessert.
I thought someone had taken care of this already.
I thought maybe Tom had already tried to do that.
I think you know I like you just the way you are.
I have a doctor's appointment tomorrow afternoon.
Give me your phone number and I'll call you back.
Your hair has turned white since I last saw you.
You've got more important things to worry about.
You'll have to ask Tom about that. I don't know.
You wouldn't happen to have a pencil, would you?
You won't be able to do anything about that now.
You shouldn't go into somebody's home uninvited.
Where do you want to go on your summer vacation?
We wouldn't want somebody to get the wrong idea.
We drank cappuccinos and talked about old times.
Tom, Mary and John are sitting around the table.
Tom yanked open the drawer and grabbed a pencil.
Tom wondered when you bought your tennis racket.
Tom won't tell me who gave him those binoculars.
Tom won't tell anyone where he was last weekend.
Tom withdrew an envelope from his jacket pocket.
Tom was waiting for Mary outside the restaurant.
Tom walked out of the room without looking back.
Tom usually eats a bowl of cereal for breakfast.
Tom told Mary he wouldn't let her go by herself.
Tom suspected that Mary had cheated on the test.
Tom sat with some of his teammates on the bench.
Tom said it was too late to change his schedule.
Tom said he wasn't ready, but Mary said she was.
Tom said he didn't want a party on his birthday.
Tom put down his fork and pushed his chair back.
Tom picked up the telephone and started dialing.
Tom opened the blinds and looked out the window.
Tom is a couple of years older than me, I think.
Tom folded the towels and put them on the shelf.
Tom didn't want to stop doing what he was doing.
Tom didn't tell Mary he had been married before.
Tom couldn't believe that Mary really loved him.
Tom asked me to go to the supermarket with Mary.
Tom and one other person were seriously injured.
Tom and Mary have been married for thirty years.
Tom and Mary got divorced about three years ago.
Tom and Mary are thinking about getting married.
The man at the front desk gave Tom his room key.
The last time I saw Tom he was wearing a tuxedo.
The last time I saw Tom he didn't look too well.
That guy who was just here gave me this for you.
Let me tell you what happened here last weekend.
It won't be the first time that Tom's been late.
It wasn't the first time that Tom had been late.
It takes three hours to get to Boston from here.
I've got a lot of work to do before I can leave.
I'm worried about what's going to happen to Tom.
I'm trying to get someone to tell me what to do.
I'm sure you've already discussed this with Tom.
I'm sure you'll understand all of this some day.
I'm sure Tom understands what we want him to do.
I'm sure Tom hasn't forgotten about the meeting.
I'm sure they're working on solving the problem.
I'm pretty sure Tom did what we asked him to do.
I'm positive Tom was the one who stole my watch.
I'm not the only one who doesn't agree with Tom.
I'm not taking advice from someone I don't know.
I'm not satisfied with the way you handled that.
I'm not satisfied with the quality of your work.
I'm happily married, no matter what anyone says.
I'm going to try real hard to get there on time.
I'm going to need your phone number and address.
I'm going to be waiting in front of the station.
I'm calling the cops unless you leave right now.
I'm being extra careful not to get in Tom's way.
I'll see if Tom knows how to program in JavaScript.
I'll make sure Tom does what we asked him to do.
I'll go see if I can find us something to drink.
I'll call Tom tomorrow and work out the details.
I wouldn't be calling if it weren't important.
I wonder what it would take to get you to leave.
I wonder how long Tom has been living in Boston.
I wonder how long it'll be before Tom gets here.
I won't be able to tell you about what happened.
I wasn't very hungry, so I decided to eat later.
I was warned that somebody would try to kill me.
I was curious to know why Tom and Mary broke up.
I want to know why you didn't help us yesterday.
I want to know where I can buy something to eat.
I want to know what I need to buy for the party.
I understand that Tom is leaving Boston tonight.
I thought you weren't going to get here on time.
I thought you were supposed to be at work today.
I thought you knew something that I didn't know.
I thought you didn't approve of Tom dating Mary.
I should never have let you go there without me.
I should never have let you do that by yourself.
I don't suppose you're going to let me help you.
A few customers have just walked into the store.
Your breakfast is ready. Don't let it get cold.
You wouldn't believe what happened to me today.
You need to figure out what you're doing wrong.
You know Tom used to live in Boston, don't you?
You have to be here at 2:tomorrow afternoon.
Would you like to grab a bite to eat somewhere?
We're not supposed to tell Tom about the party.
We're having a housewarming party this evening.
We're having a discussion about that right now.
We have to make sure this doesn't happen again.
Tom wouldn't let Mary do what she wanted to do.
Tom will graduate from high school this spring.
Tom went to the kitchen to get a cup of coffee.
Tom wasn't surprised when Mary showed up early.
Tom was lying when he said he didn't know Mary.
Tom wanted to stick around for a few more days.
Tom told Mary the story that John had told him.
Tom thinks he knows how to get to Mary's house.
Tom started to walk away, but Mary stopped him.
Tom started chasing Mary around the playground.
Tom smiled at Mary when she came into the room.
Tom showed up at the party with his girlfriend.
Tom said he didn't want to go swimming with us.
Tom said he didn't think it was worth the risk.
Tom put the spare tire in the trunk of his car.
Tom knows what he has to do to make Mary happy.
Tom is worried about what Mary is going to say.
Tom has already decided when he wants to leave.
Tom doesn't like people telling him what to do.
Tom didn't say anything about what he had done.
Tom didn't even notice Mary was looking at him.
Tom came to the party with a girl half his age.
Tom asked Mary where she'd bought her computer.
Tom asked Mary if she'd actually read the book.
Tom and Mary were sitting at the kitchen table.
Tom and Mary both work at the same supermarket.
Talking to Tom is like talking to a brick wall.
Let me think about it and I'll get back to you.
Let me tell you what happened to me last night.
It won't be the first time it's happened to me.
I'm unaccustomed to living without electricity.
I'm trying to study. Could you please be quiet?
I'm sure you'll enjoy studying French with Tom.
I'm sure Tom won't be willing to pay that much.
I'm sure Tom will take that into consideration.
I'm sure Tom will explain it to you eventually.
I'm sure Tom understands what needs to be done.
I'm supposed to meet Tom here in a few minutes.
I'm supposed to meet someone later for a drink.
I'm supposed to make sure Tom knows what to do.
I'm still trying to understand what's going on.
I'm sorry, Tom, I didn't realize you were here.
I'm pretty certain I haven't made any mistakes.
I'm not usually still awake this late at night.
I'm going to open up my own restaurant someday.
I'm going to do my homework right after dinner.
I'm going to allow Tom to do whatever he wants.
I'll speak to Tom about what we just discussed.
I'll see you bright and early tomorrow morning.
I'll see if Tom wants to come over for a visit.
I'll never forget all the help you've given me.
I'll let you know when I've decided what to do.
I'll have to stay behind and help Tom clean up.
I'll go to the park with you if you want me to.
I'd like your permission to date your daughter.
I'd like for you to help me get my car running.
I wouldn't have missed your party for anything.
I would advise you strongly to quit doing that.
I wonder what it would take to get Tom to help.
I wonder if they'll let us go home early today.
I wonder if I could talk with you for a moment.
I won't keep anyone here longer than I have to.
I won't be able to carry Tom across the bridge.
I was working sixteen hours a day at that time.
I was wondering when you were going to show up.
I was the only one who knew where Tom had gone.
I want to solve this puzzle before I go to bed.
I want to know why you didn't get here on time.
I thought you said you were staying until 2:30.
I thought you said nobody was going to be here.
I thought we were supposed to do this together.
I thought we had three weeks to finish this job.
I thought this pair of shoes would last longer.
I think you'll regret it if you drop out of school.
I saw Tom pushing a stroller down the sidewalk.
I have to go home and get a good night's sleep.
I don't want to go back to the way things were.
I don't see what any of this has to do with me.
Do you know if Tom has spoken to Mary recently?
You're a better person than you think you are.
You won't find anyone who'll help you do that.
You were thinking the same thing, weren't you?
Would you like me to stay a little bit longer?
Would you just tell Tom what he did was wrong?
Would you excuse us for just a second, please?
We're going to have to watch Tom more closely.
We wouldn't stand a chance against Tom's gang.
Tom's driver's license will expire next month.
Tom's best friend, Mary, has just turned thirty.
Tom yanked the microphone out of Mary's hands.
Tom wouldn't like it if he knew you were here.
Tom wouldn't have left without saying goodbye.
Tom wondered why there was a dog in his house.
Tom wiped his mouth with the back of his hand.
Tom winced as the nurse gave him an injection.
Tom went to Boston the day after Thanksgiving.
Tom went back to his car and got a flashlight.
Tom wasn't able to read until he was thirteen.
Tom was standing in front of the kitchen sink.
Tom was a bit surprised by what Mary told him.
Tom used to be a professional baseball player.
Tom tried to leave, but Mary wouldn't let him.
Tom sure spends a lot of time at Mary's house.
Tom stopped the car and turned off the engine.
Tom seems to be about to ask another question.
Tom sat down at the piano and started playing.
Tom said he wouldn't want to live in Boston.
Tom said he didn't want to be alone with Mary.
Tom put the butter back into the refrigerator.
Tom picked up his pencil and started to write.
Tom picked up his bag and headed for the door.
Tom opened up the bag with a pair of scissors.
Tom noticed Mary and went over to talk to her.
Tom looked both ways before crossing the road.
Tom left a message, but Mary didn't call back.
Tom doesn't seem to be interested in politics.
Tom didn't want to spend that much for a meal.
Tom didn't want to give Mary his phone number.
Tom appears unwilling to do anything about it.
Tom and the other passengers got on the plane.
They wouldn't tell me anything over the phone.
These gloves should keep my hands warm enough.
No matter what you do, somebody won't like it.
It looks like you've regained your confidence.
It looks like Tom doesn't know how to do that.
It looked like Tom was getting ready to leave.
I'm surprised that building is still standing.
I'm sure you will tell me what I need to know.
I'm sure you understand what needs to be done.
I'm sure Tom will want to take all the credit.
I'm sure Tom understands why we weren't there.
I'm stuck here in Boston because of the storm.
I'm pretty sure we're going to need your help.
I'm planning to move back to Boston next year.
I'm not supposed to help you do your homework.
I'm just trying to consider all possibilities.
I'm just grateful for the opportunity to help.
I'm hoping this'll be the last time I see you.
I'm having a hard time believing Tom did that.
I'm happy to hear you're still working for us.
I'm happy that we've finished what we started.
I'm going to stay in the pool a little longer.
I'm going to open the wine and let it breathe.
I'm going to have breakfast with Tom tomorrow.
I'm certain Tom will do what he says he'll do.
I'm being accused of doing things I didn't do.
I'll see if I can find out why Tom isn't here.
I'll have to seriously reconsider our options.
I'll give you a call when I decide what to do.
I'd like an opportunity to explain my reasons.
I wouldn't tell them what they wanted to know.
I would've come even if you hadn't invited me.
I wonder what happens around here on weekends.
I wonder what color Tom will paint his office.
I wonder if you'd mind giving me an autograph.
I wonder if you really understand what I mean.
I wonder if there's a chance Tom will help us.
I wonder how much money Tom has in his wallet.
I wonder how many students are in Tom's class.
I wonder how many people were here last night.
I wish you'd stick around for a few more days.
I wish I could explain it better, but I can't.
I want to know when Tom began studying French.
I want to know how much it's going to cost me.
I thought you wanted to learn to speak French.
I thought you guys might like to come with us.
I shouldn't have stayed up so late last night.
I don't think Tom will put up much of a fight.
I can't imagine going anywhere without my dog.
You're not living in Boston anymore, are you?
You wrote that you thought Tom would be late.
You won't find anyone who'll do that for you.
You won't believe how popular Tom has become.
You won't be needing that where you're going.
You were very loud last night and woke me up.
You picked a bad time to bring up that topic.
When are you going to start paying attention?
We're not having another party any time soon.
We're going to have a good time this weekend.
We wouldn't be any worse off than we are now.
Tom wouldn't tell me where he parked his car.
Tom wouldn't be at the bank this time of day.
Tom won't know we're here unless we tell him.
Tom won't call back until the meeting's over.
Tom watches the o'clock news every evening.
Tom wanted to go home early, but Mary didn't.
Tom tried to leave, but Mary blocked his way.
Tom sat at the bar drinking with his buddies.
Tom remembered where Mary had told him to go.
Tom put the dirty dishes in the kitchen sink.
Tom pulled out his pocketknife and opened it.
Tom never puts things back where they belong.
Tom looked like he was going to start crying.
Tom is thinking about what he should do next.
Tom is careful about what he eats and drinks.
Tom has trouble expressing his true feelings.
Tom has trouble expressing his real feelings.
Tom has been married to Mary for three years.
Tom has a wife and a three-year-old daughter.
Tom hadn't eaten all day and was very hungry.
Tom entered the lobby and found Mary waiting.
Tom entered the dining room, carrying a tray.
Tom doesn't like Mary telling him what to do.
Tom didn't learn to swim until he was thirty.
Tom asked Mary what she thought he should do.
Tom and the rest of the team are celebrating.
Tom and one other person are waiting outside.
Tom and Mary watched a basketball game on TV.
These are the results we've been waiting for.
Is there anything else that needs to be done?
I've known Tom longer than you've been alive.
I'm very grateful for everything you've done.
I'm trying to tell you what needs to be done.
I'm thinking we should go somewhere together.
I'm the only one here who understands French.
I'm surprised this doesn't happen more often.
I'm sure you'll be ready when the time comes.
I'm sure you understand why we can't do that.
I'm sure Tom won't have to work late tonight.
I'm sure Tom will return my calls eventually.
I'm sure Tom had good reasons for doing that.
I'm sure Tom appreciates what you do for him.
I'm sure they're talking about what happened.
I'm sure there's another way into the castle.
I'm sure I know more people here than you do.
I'm supposed to start working here next week.
I'm supposed to make sure there's no trouble.
I'm sick of being pushed around by everybody.
I'm only interested in finding out the truth.
I'm not used to dealing with people like Tom.
I'm not sure, but I think I know where to go.
I'm not sure you'll have the time to do that.
I'm just trying to figure out how to do this.
I'm impressed with how well you speak French.
I'm going to try real hard to be nice to Tom.
I'm going to catch a ride back home with Tom.
I'm going to be rich. I just won the lottery.
I'm going to ask for Tom Jackson's autograph.
I'll see if I can find out who Tom went with.
I'll never tell anyone what you just told me.
I'll mail these letters on the way to school.
I'll go tell everybody what you just told me.
I'd really like it if you'd come to my party.
I'd have done it myself if I'd had known how.
I wouldn't have told Tom if I didn't have to.
I wonder if there's enough food for everyone.
I wonder how long Tom has been sitting there.
I wish we had the time to help, but we don't.
I wish Tom could've seen Mary win the race.
I went to the beach with Tom and his friends.
I was unconscious for more than thirty hours.
I warned Tom not to eat anything Mary cooked.
I want to know when the meeting will be over.
I understand you're a personal friend of Tom's.
I tried to leave, but Tom wouldn't let me go.
I told Tom where he should put his suitcases.
I told Tom I'd close the windows and lock up.
I thought you weren't interested in politics.
I thought you looked beautiful in that dress.
I thought we came here to discuss a new deal.
I thought Tom would wear something like that.
I thought that you said it wasn't contagious.
I think you'll regret it if you don't go with us.
I think we're going to have a very nice time.
I think it's best if I stay here for a while.
I might be able to find the time to help you.
I know where you plan to be tomorrow evening.
I have enough money to buy everything I want.
I don't think I'd enjoy playing tennis with Tom.
Do you remember where you left your umbrella?
Your friend Tom told me to give this to you.
You've got to help Tom or he's going to die.
You're upset and you have every right to be.
You're angry and you have every right to be.
You wrote that you thought Tom wasn't happy.
You wouldn't know how to do this, would you?
You wouldn't go off and leave me, would you?
You won't find another deal as good as this.
You shouldn't go out after dark by yourself.
You have no authority to tell me what to do.
Would you mind waiting outside for a minute?
We were supposed to be here three hours ago.
Tom's worth about a hundred million dollars.
Tom's not at all sure who he should talk to.
Tom yelled loud enough for everyone to hear.
Tom wouldn't tell us where he hid the money.
Tom won't be able to understand any of this.
Tom wasn't sure who he was supposed to meet.
Tom wanted Mary to help him clean the house.
Tom took the butter out of the refrigerator.
Tom told Mary that he had been out shopping.
Tom told Mary he didn't have to do anything.
Tom told Mary he didn't have anything to do.
Tom thanked Mary for taking care of his dog.
Tom spent all night proofreading his thesis.
Tom seems to be a bit more shaken than Mary.
Tom says he isn't willing to take any risks.
Tom said he wouldn't shoot an unarmed man.
Tom said he heard three gunshots that night.
Tom said he didn't want to travel with Mary.
Tom said he didn't know where Mary had gone.
Tom said he couldn't loan any money to Mary.
Tom put the milk back into the refrigerator.
Tom put the knife down on the kitchen table.
Tom made a peanut butter and jelly sandwich.
Tom lied to us about how much money he made.
Tom is still in the kitchen, washing dishes.
Tom hoped that Mary would come to his party.
Tom held the cup for Mary as she took a sip.
Tom has been looking forward to meeting you.
Tom has already decided what he wants to do.
Tom had a sealed envelope in his right hand.
Tom doesn't seem to be interested in sports.
Tom begged Mary to give him one more chance.
Tom barely avoided crashing into Mary's car.
Tom asked Mary if she wanted to go with him.
Tom asked if there was anything he could do.
Tom appears to be concerned about something.
Tom apologized for calling so late at night.
Tom and Mary were talking about the weather.
The dog chewed on one of Tom's tennis shoes.
Please tell me what time I need to be there.
It's a waste of time to try to convince Tom.
I'm well aware of Tom's financial situation.
I'm thinking about going back into teaching.
I'm surprised you didn't want to go with us.
I'm surprised Tom doesn't have a girlfriend.
I'm surprised Tom didn't want to go with us.
I'm sure you'll tell me what I want to know.
I'm sure you'll tell me what I need to know.
I'm sure you'll find everything is in order.
I'm sure Tom would've told me if he'd known.
I'm sure Tom will pick Mary up after school.
I'm sure they're all aware of what happened.
I'm supposed to try to persuade Tom to help.
I'm supposed to be somewhere else right now.
I'm still eating dinner. I'll call you back.
I'm sorry, there's nothing I can do to help.
I'm sorry, there's nothing I can do for you.
I'm sitting in my office thinking about you.
I'm sending a car for you in thirty minutes.
I'm pretty sure I'm going to need some help.
I'm not sure, but I think I know what to do.
I'm not sure I have enough time to help you.
I'm not going to pretend that didn't happen.
I'm meeting Tom downstairs in a few minutes.
I'm just going to sit here a while and rest.
I'm impressed with how much you've improved.
I'm going to watch TV for a couple of hours.
I'm going to take Tom back to his apartment.
I'm going to make you a list of what to buy.
I'm going to look for another place to live.
I'm fairly certain that we're being watched.
I'm absolutely certain that's what happened.
I'll see about getting you something to eat.
I'll pick up a loaf of bread on my way home.
I'll introduce you to Tom if you want me to.
I'd like for you to help me paint my garage.
I wouldn't mind stretching my legs a little.
I wondered what kind of person you'd become.
I won't believe it until I hear it from Tom.
I wish you'd told me we were having company.
I wish you'd told me the car was out of gas.
I wish you'd consider coming back to Boston.
I wish things could've happened differently.
I was wondering what prompted that decision.
I was handed a note when I entered the gate.
I was at the hospital with Tom when he died.
I want to know what time the meeting starts.
I understand you're in a difficult position.
I told Tom to clean his room, but he didn't.
I thought you were going to call last night.
I thought you might like something to drink.
I thought you might know Tom's phone number.
I thought we were going to do this together.
I thought Tom didn't even work here anymore.
I think I fell asleep during the last class.
I pay him twice as much as his old boss did.
I let Tom borrow my wrenches to fix his car.
I don't know if I have enough time to do it.
How long have Tom and Mary known each other?
Anything you say to me will be kept private.
Your friend Tom was here a few minutes ago.
You've probably forgotten about it already.
You've already told me what you plan to do.
You're all dressed up. Where are you going?
You're a good father, no question about it.
You won't need to worry about that anymore.
You won't believe what Tom just said to me.
You should always ask for permission first.
Would you tell us what you do for a living?
We often help each other with our homework.
Tom's wife always stays home with the kids.
Tom is a licensed, health-care professional.
Tom yanked a pistol from his jacket pocket.
Tom wouldn't tell me his girlfriend's name.
Tom wouldn't go anywhere without his phone.
Tom wouldn't be alive if it wasn't for you.
Tom won't tell me where he put my car keys.
Tom won't stop until he gets what he wants.
Tom won't speak to me and I don't know why.
Tom won't come back as long as Mary is here.
Tom went out to buy kerosene for his stove.
Tom wears the same costume every Halloween.
Tom was sick in bed for about three months.
Tom wanted to give Mary a birthday present.
Tom wanted to get married, but Mary didn't.
Tom walked into the house, carrying a coat.
Tom told me he was going to commit suicide.
Tom told Mary he'd pick her up around 2:30.
Tom told Mary he was going to leave Boston.
Tom slipped Mary an envelope full of money.
Tom signed the contract without reading it.
Tom showed Mary what he had bought for her.
Tom sat at the kitchen table eating dinner.
Tom sang a song while he washed the dishes.
Tom said he didn't want to speak in French.
Tom remembered where he had last seen Mary.
Tom put two slices of bread in the toaster.
Tom put the cork back into the wine bottle.
Tom picked up his bag and started to leave.
Tom paid the driver and got out of the cab.
Tom often goes to the library on Saturdays.
Tom offered to let me use his car tomorrow.
Tom noticed Mary had a tattoo on her ankle.
Tom needs a new exhaust system for his car.
Tom looked like he wasn't enjoying himself.
Tom knocked on the door and Mary opened it.
Tom is having a drink with Mary at the bar.
Tom is a better tennis player than you are.
Tom helped Mary escape from the kidnappers.
Tom has a list of things he needs to do.
Tom had a few more things he wanted to say.
Tom got out of his car and closed the door.
Tom got his first car when he was eighteen.
Tom gave me enough soap to last a lifetime.
Tom doesn't know where Mary studied French.
Tom didn't seem to mind sitting by himself.
Tom crouched down and hid behind the couch.
Tom closed his eyes and thought about Mary.
Tom begged Mary to give him another chance.
Tom asked me to buy him something to drink.
Tom asked Mary what she thought she needed.
Tom asked Mary to help him do his homework.
Tom and Mary are the only ones still alive.
There was water all over the kitchen floor.
That was the worst party I've ever been to.
Is there anything else in the refrigerator?
I'm trying to find the person who did this.
I'm trying to figure out where I should go.
I'm trying to do what's best for everybody.
I'm the only one still in contact with Tom.
I'm the one who has to do most of the work.
I'm the last person on your list, aren't I?
I'm surprised Tom doesn't know how to swim.
I'm surprised Tom didn't notice Mary leave.
I'm sure we'll find something you can wear.
I'm sure Tom won't be willing to work late.
I'm sure Tom will wish he hadn't said that.
I'm sure Tom will wish he hadn't done that.
I'm sure Tom knows enough French to get by.
I'm sure Tom is going to help Mary do that.
I'm sure that Tom has never been to Boston.
I'm sure that dress will look good on Mary.
I'm still not convinced it's going to work.
I'm starting college in a couple of months.
I'm sorry, I thought you were someone else.
I'm sorry, but you're not allowed to enter.
I'm not sure Tom would let anyone help him.
I'm not going to answer any more questions.
I'm not convinced Tom is telling the truth.
I'm here because Tom ordered me to be here.
I'm going to watch the baseball game on TV.
I'm going to try to talk to Tom about this.
I'm going to stick around and wait for Tom.
I'm going to stay just a little bit longer.
I'm going to have to cancel my appointment.
I'm going to have a good time this weekend.
I'm going to get up early tomorrow morning.
I'm going to be here for a couple of hours.
I'm getting really bored just sitting here.
I'm dying to know what's in Tom's suitcase.
I'm assuming you haven't talked to Tom yet.
I'm afraid something's gone terribly wrong.
I'm afraid I wouldn't be very good company.
I'm a really glad this thing turned out OK.
I'll pay you double what you're making now.
I'll let you know when I've figured it out.
I'll go tell the others what we need to do.
I'll call you if I require your assistance.
I'll call you back in about thirty minutes.
I'll be presenting a paper at a conference.
I'd think you'd understand what that means.
I'd really like more time to research this.
I'd like to stay, but I have to go see Tom.
I'd like an opportunity to explain my plan.
I'd get to bed early tonight if I were you.
I'd appreciate your support in this matter.
I wouldn't have let anything happen to Tom.
I wouldn't be surprised if Tom didn't come.
I wonder when the meeting's going to start.
I wonder what we're going to do after this.
I wonder if Tom knows where my umbrella is.
I wonder if Mary knows how much I love her.
I wonder how Tom knew that I would be here.
I wonder how permanent this is going to be.
I won't tell anybody what you just told me.
I won't keep you any longer than I need to.
I wish you'd given me a little more notice.
I wish you had said something to us before.
I wish you had let me know you were coming.
I wish you didn't have to go to work today.
I wish you could be here with me right now.
I wish I could tell you something positive.
I wasn't sure where I was supposed to wait.
I was wondering if I could buy you a drink.
I was thinking about what you said earlier.
I was thinking about taking my lunch break.
I was sentenced to three years for robbery.
I was hoping you'd say something like that.
I was hoping you'd consider working for us.
I was an art major in college at that time.
I was your age when I came to Boston.
I understand how difficult this is for you.
I told Tom all about what we did yesterday.
I thought you wanted me to be here by 2:30.
I thought you didn't have secrets from Tom.
I thought Tom had already tried to do that.
I thought the Jacksons were having a party.
I thought I could help Tom, but I couldn't.
I think you should double-check your facts.
I probably speak French better than you do.
I hope you enjoyed yourselves at the party.
I have a few friends who speak French well.
I found this on the way to the supermarket.
I don't want something bad to happen to us.
I don't think Tom is capable of doing that.
I don't see why we had to buy all the food.
I can't imagine living without electricity.
Everyone but Tom seemed to enjoy the party.
Your mother's doctor wants to talk to you.
Your license is still suspended, isn't it?
You've often said the same thing yourself.
You've been very quiet. What's the matter?
You're wondering why I did it, aren't you?
You're mad and you have every right to be.
You wouldn't have a cell phone, would you?
You wouldn't be any happier if I told you.
You won't find another deal like this one.
You could've stayed quiet, but you didn't.
Would you please take Tom to the hospital?
Would you be interested in working for me?
Why didn't Tom tell Mary what he had done?
We eat lunch together every day at school.
Tom would never forgive us if we did that.
Tom would like to thank Mary for her help.
Tom would like to ask you a few questions.
Tom would like nothing more than to leave.
Tom won't tell me what I'm supposed to do.
Tom won't be staying with us next weekend.
Tom woke up when he heard the dog barking.
Tom wishes Mary would get out of his life.
Tom wasn't planning to help, but Mary was.
Tom was supposed to be here all afternoon.
Tom was sitting on the couch, watching TV.
Tom was head over heels in love with Mary.
Tom wanted to show Mary a picture of John.
Tom waited downstairs as Mary got dressed.
Tom used soap and water to wash his hands.
Tom tried the doorknob, but it was locked.
Tom took the broom out of the hall closet.
Tom told Mary where he hid the gold coins.
Tom showed Mary where to put her umbrella.
Tom says he dreams about Mary every night.
Tom said he didn't want anything to drink.
Tom said he couldn't do anything for Mary.
Tom said he could smell something burning.
Tom raised his gun and pointed it at Mary.
Tom pulled the suitcases out of the trunk.
Tom paid Mary back everything he owed her.
Tom looked like he was having a good time.
Tom listened as Mary explained what to do.
Tom is at home with his wife and children.
Tom hoped that Mary was telling the truth.
Tom has only thirty dollars in his wallet.
Tom has everything he needs to do the job.
Tom gave me a handwritten note from Mary.
Tom entered the room, carrying two pizzas.
Tom doesn't like chocolate, but Mary does.
Tom did even more than what was requested.
Tom bought a new car the week before last.
Tom bought a drink from a vending machine.
Tom assured me there would be no problems.
Tom assumed Mary wouldn't be at the party.
Tom asked why you weren't there yesterday.
Tom asked me to find out what Mary wanted.
Tom apologized to Mary for what he'd done.
Tom and Mary weren't friends at that time.
Tom and Mary were in love with each other.
Tom and Mary watched John go out the door.
Tom and Mary switched places on the bench.
Tom and Mary aren't talking to each other.
Tom and Mary are too young to get married.
Tom and Mary are now cleaning up the area.
Tom and Mary are cleaning up the mess now.
Tom always keeps a fishing rod in his car.
Tom admitted that he had stolen the money.
This is the moment we've been waiting for.
They know the situation better than we do.
The doctor will be here as soon as he can.
Someone has unplugged the washing machine.
Maybe I shouldn't invite Tom to the party.
It's not worth the money they're asking for.
I've known Tom longer than I've known you.
I'm waiting for Tom to tell me what to do.
I'm trying to figure out how Tom did that.
I'm tired of waiting for things to happen.
I'm thinking about ordering another drink.
I'm the only one who knows how to do this.
I'm the last person Tom would want to see.
I'm taking Tom to his favorite restaurant.
I'm sure your father is very proud of you.
I'm sure you'll wish you hadn't said that.
I'm sure you'll wish you hadn't done that.
I'm sure you must have a lot of questions.
I'm sure Tom will make the right decision.
I'm sure Tom will be at the party tonight.
I'm sure Tom is grateful for your support.
I'm sure Tom hasn't forgotten his promise.
I'm sure Tom doesn't want to study French.
I'm sure there's a reasonable explanation.
I'm sure that shirt will look good on you.
I'm still not sure what this is all about.
I'm starting to get used to the food here.
I'm sorry, I didn't know where else to go.
I'm really looking forward to meeting Tom.
I'm proud of the way you handled yourself.
I'm positive it was Tom I saw at the park.
I'm only trying to help you help yourself.
I'm not going to say anything against Tom.
I'm not going to give you my phone number.
I'm not asking you to change your opinion.
I'm looking forward to seeing you as well.
I'm just going to assume Tom will be here.
I'm guessing you didn't buy this yourself.
I'm going to order some more french fries.
I'm going to miss my bus if I don't hurry.
I'm going to go tell Tom that you're back.
I'm going on a hike next weekend with Tom.
I'm getting tired of hearing you say that.
I'm counting on you to keep an eye on Tom.
I'm coming into the office this afternoon.
I'm beginning to think you're not serious.
I'll see if I can find out where Tom went.
I'll pick you up tomorrow evening at 6:30.
I'll meet you in front of the post office.
I'll meet up with you guys this afternoon.
I'll know not to do it that way next time.
I'll keep an eye on your suitcase for you.
I'll give you something to help you sleep.
I'd suggest you don't tell Tom about that.
I'd better ask Tom and see what he thinks.
I wouldn't mind answering a few questions.
I wouldn't dream of asking you to do that.
I wouldn't be surprised if Tom left early.
I wouldn't ask you if it wasn't important.
I would've done it, but you beat me to it.
I wonder if you'd talk to us for a moment.
I wonder if they have a rope ladder.
I wish you'd tell me what's bothering you.
I wish you'd tell me what really happened.
I wish you'd just tell me what's going on.
I wish you had told me about the accident.
I wasn't working with Tom on that project.
I wasn't the only one who didn't know Tom.
I was thinking about going there with Tom.
I was talking to Tom about something else.
I was supposed to meet Tom here yesterday.
I was late because I got stuck in traffic.
I want you to deliver this message to Tom.
I want to have my name taken off the list.
I told you it wouldn't cost all that much.
I thought you said you worked all morning.
I thought you might be interested in this.
I thought we had something to give to Tom.
I thought Tom would find that interesting.
I thought I told you about that yesterday.
I started studying French a few weeks ago.
I saw all eight of them about an hour ago.
I hope this'll be the last time I see you.
I can see why you like this place so much.
Both Tom and John have pretty girlfriends.
You've got to get out of there right now.
You won't need to worry about that again.
You won't have any more trouble with Tom.
Why don't you ever take me out to dinner?
We're having the house painted next week.
We'll all be killed if we aren't careful.
We won't be able to get out of this cell.
We have families we have to take care of.
Tom's not at all sure where he should go.
Tom wouldn't have anything to do with me.
Tom wouldn't be here if it wasn't for me.
Tom would never make a mistake like that.
Tom worked as a photographer's assistant.
Tom won't get very far without any money.
Tom won't be making any deliveries today.
Tom wasn't able to read in the dim light.
Tom was wondering what Mary was thinking.
Tom tried to open the door, but couldn't.
Tom took his son John to a baseball game.
Tom told Mary what John did for a living.
Tom told Mary to keep the windows opened.
Tom told Mary he wouldn't go without her.
Tom thought about what Mary had told him.
Tom smokes two or three cigarettes a day.
Tom says a lot of things he doesn't mean.
Tom sat at his desk doing some paperwork.
Tom said the coffee was too hot to drink.
Tom said something I couldn't understand.
Tom said he wanted to play poker with us.
Tom put the lid back on the can of paint.
Tom practices the piano almost every day.
Tom poured some apple juice into a glass.
Tom picked up his rifle, aimed and fired.
Tom packed his bag for his upcoming trip.
Tom offered me a very old bottle of wine.
Tom noticed Mary was wearing a new dress.
Tom looked like he was going to hit Mary.
Tom likes you as much as he likes anyone.
Tom knew where his keys should've been.
Tom is the manager of a small restaurant.
Tom is taller than all of his classmates.
Tom is Mary's brother, not her boyfriend.
Tom is a better person than I'll ever be.
Tom has a grand piano in his living room.
Tom got up and walked out of the kitchen.
Tom gave Mary a moment to think about it.
Tom filled up the bottle with cold water.
Tom didn't seem to mind waiting for Mary.
Tom blew out all the candles on the cake.
Tom asked me to his apartment for dinner.
Tom asked Mary what she wanted him to do.
Tom asked Mary what she did last weekend.
Tom answered his phone on the second ring.
Tom and Mary talked for at least an hour.
Tom and Mary are getting ready to go out.
Three people were killed in the accident.
This shouldn't take more than minutes.
They won't see me without an appointment.
There seems to be no one willing to help.
The last time I saw Tom he was with Mary.
No one has ever asked Mary out on a date.
Maybe I shouldn't tell Tom what Mary did.
I've taken a job as a substitute teacher.
I'm uncomfortable around people like Tom.
I'm trying to find out where it happened.
I'm trying to figure out why it happened.
I'm trying to figure out what to do next.
I'm trying to figure out how it happened.
I'm thinking about staying home tomorrow.
I'm surprised Tom gave his clarinet away.
I'm surprised Tom doesn't have a bicycle.
I'm sure you'll figure it out eventually.
I'm sure you misunderstood what was said.
I'm sure we'll find something we can use.
I'm sure Tom will help you in the garden.
I'm sure this is quite difficult for you.
I'm sure that's what Tom would've wanted.
I'm still waiting for the prices to drop.
I'm sorry, I don't know what else to say.
I'm sorry, I didn't know what else to do.
I'm sorry I had to cancel my appointment.
I'm sorry about yelling at you like that.
I'm pretty impressed with Tom's progress.
I'm only working here another three days.
I'm not the only one who agrees with Tom.
I'm not the one who should tell Tom that.
I'm not the one who should be doing this.
I'm not sure what you're asking me to do.
I'm not sure if I'm doing this correctly.
I'm not convinced that's going to happen.
I'm in no mood for your foolishness, Tom.
I'm hoping you'll tell me how to do this.
I'm helping Tom with his science project.
I'm having some trouble with my computer.
I'm going to send my mother some flowers.
I'm going to need to borrow your bicycle.
I'm going to make sure that won't happen.
I'm going to let you decide for yourself.
I'm going to keep my side of the bargain.
I'm going to have to tell Tom about this.
I'm going to have a little talk with Tom.
I'm going to get myself something to eat.
I'm glad you didn't go there by yourself.
I'm certain Tom would be willing to help.
I'm afraid there's nothing anyone can do.
I'm afraid the situation is very serious.
I'm a lot hungrier now than I was before.
I'll see about getting you some medicine.
I'll have to speak to my boss about that.
I'll go and see if I can get Tom to help.
I'll give you my decision this afternoon.
I'll call you as soon as I hear anything.
I'd really like more time to finish this.
I'd like you to stay with me for a while.
I'd feel more comfortable somewhere else.
I'd advise you to mind your own business.
I wouldn't mind stopping for a while now.
I wouldn't have passed without your help.
I wonder when the party's going to start.
I wonder when the movie's going to start.
I wonder what's going to happen tomorrow.
I wonder what Tom was trying to find out.
I wonder if you might be able to help me.
I wonder if anybody knows how to do this.
I wonder how much longer we have to wait.
I won't be ready to do that until Monday.
I won't allow you to continue doing that.
I wish you'd lent me a little more money.
I wish you'd given me a little more time.
I wish you weren't always so rude to Tom.
I wish you had called thirty minutes ago.
I wish you didn't have to leave so early.
I wish somebody would tell me what to do.
I was thinking of inviting Tom to dinner.
I was thinking about what I said earlier.
I was really looking forward to the game.
I was just going to get something to eat.
I was asked a question I couldn't answer.
I usually take a shower before breakfast.
I used to live three doors down from Tom.
I told you it was going to be hard to do.
I thought you were going to call in sick.
I thought you two should meet each other.
I thought you said you studied all night.
I thought we were here to talk about Tom.
I thought Tom had more friends than that.
I thought I'd give Tom your phone number.
I need you to help me get this door open.
I feel like this is a good time to leave.
I don't think I'd enjoy living in Boston.
I don't know if I have the time to do it.
Are you the one that asked me to be here?
You've thought that before, haven't you?
You're wanted in the principal's office.
You're the reason I stayed here so long.
You're the only one who's talked to Tom.
You're the one responsible for all this.
You won't have any trouble with Tom now.
You won't be able to do that without me.
You need someone to help you, don't you?
You have no right to tell me what to do.
You have everything you want, don't you?
Would you mind waiting out here, please?
What are Tom and Mary complaining about?
We'd love for you to join us for dinner.
We have to find Tom before it gets dark.
We don't expect Tom to live much longer.
Tom's not at all sure what he should do.
Tom's baseball glove was on the dresser.
Tom, Mary and John are eating breakfast.
Tom wrote that Mary was in the hospital.
Tom wrote something on the dirty window.
Tom would like to see you in his office.
Tom won't survive three years in prison.
Tom won't do that unless you ask him to.
Tom won't be getting any help from Mary.
Tom woke up because the dog was barking.
Tom withheld some important information.
Tom went into town to buy some supplies.
Tom watched as Mary walked out the door.
Tom wasn't interested in doing anything.
Tom was working at his desk all morning.
Tom was a bit baffled by Mary's request.
Tom wants to know what we're doing here.
Tom wanted to become a Canadian citizen.
Tom tried to explain everything to Mary.
Tom tried to conceal his disappointment.
Tom traveled around the world with Mary.
Tom told Mary to take the afternoon off.
Tom started to go, but Mary stopped him.
Tom speaks English with a strong French accent.
Tom showed Mary the poem he had written.
Tom showed Mary the book he had written.
Tom scribbled something in his notebook.
Tom says he won't take no for an answer.
Tom said some things that made Mary cry.
Tom said he'd think about my suggestion.
Tom said he didn't want to study French.
Tom said he didn't want to go to Boston.
Tom said he didn't want anything to eat.
Tom put the scissors in his desk drawer.
Tom pulled some money out of his pocket.
Tom pulled over to the side of the road.
Tom picked up his toolbox and went home.
Tom knows how important this is to Mary.
Tom knew where he had last seen his car.
Tom isn't in the apartment, but Mary is.
Tom has lived in Boston for three years.
Tom has been taken to a nearby hospital.
Tom didn't offer Mary anything to drink.
Tom didn't have time to do his homework.
Tom did all the shopping for his family.
Tom crossed his fingers and made a wish.
Tom couldn't believe what was happening.
Tom complained about the accommodations.
Tom began to open the present from Mary.
Tom became aware of someone in the room.
Tom beat the rug with his old racket.
Tom bashed Mary's head against the wall.
Tom backed up the car and turned around.
Tom asked Mary what was in her suitcase.
Tom asked Mary what she was looking for.
Tom arrived three hours before Mary did.
Tom and Mary are outside on the veranda.
Tom always wondered why Mary hated John.
They all are waiting in the parking lot.
There seems to be no one waiting for us.
There aren't any bullets in this pistol.
Tell Tom that I'm not speaking with him.
Please tell me where to put my suitcase.
Mary told Tom she was seeing other guys.
Make sure you don't let the dog outside.
It was so cold Tom could see his breath.
It took Tom thirty minutes to get there.
I've finally gotten used to living here.
I'm willing to pay whatever's necessary.
I'm very grateful to you for everything.
I'm trying to tell you what to do next.
I'm trying to find out when it happened.
I'm tired of Tom's constant complaining.
I'm tired of being treated like a child.
I'm thinking of getting me one of those.
I'm the one who caused all the problems.
I'm taking pictures of everything I own.
I'm sure you're as disappointed as I am.
I'm sure you'll figure out how to do it.
I'm sure you heard about Tom's new wife.
I'm sure Tom won't pass tomorrow's test.
I'm sure Tom will send you some flowers.
I'm sure Tom was in Boston at that time.
I'm sure Tom can give you some pointers.
I'm sure that's what Tom is counting on.
I'm sure if you asked Tom, he'd say yes.
I'm sure I can figure it out eventually.
I'm supposed to help Tom clean his room.
I'm supposed to do everything by myself.
I'm starting to get used to living here.
I'm sorry, I didn't mean to startle you.
I'm sorry if I overstepped my authority.
I'm really not as bad as you think I am.
I'm really looking forward to seeing it.
I'm offering you the chance to be happy.
I'm not worried about what might happen.
I'm not going to talk to Tom about this.
I'm not going to discuss it any further.
I'm not going to be embarrassed anymore.
I'm just thinking about your reputation.
I'm hoping Tom learns from his mistakes.
I'm having difficulty figuring this out.
I'm going to need at least five minutes.
I'm going to make Tom some chicken soup.
I'm going to invite Tom over for dinner.
I'm going to get you something to drink.
I'm going to figure this out eventually.
I'm going to catch a ride back with Tom.
I'm glad to see you're paying attention.
I'm being criticized for not doing more.
I'm beginning to lose patience with Tom.
I'm beginning to get used to doing this.
I'm allowed to change my mind, aren't I?
I'm afraid that's easier said than done.
I'm afraid I might say something stupid.
I'll try to prevent that from happening.
I'll try to find out why Tom left early.
I'll tell you how to get to Tom's house.
I'll take my chances right here and now.
I'll see if I can find something to eat.
I'll see if I can find out where Tom is.
I'll meet you there as soon as possible.
I'll listen to anything you have to say.
I'll lend you as much money as you need.
I'll have someone show you to your room.
I'll give you three days to get it done.
I'll give you as much money as you need.
I'll give you a ride back to the office.
I'd very much like to hear your opinion.
I'd strongly advise against going there.
I'd started to think you weren't coming.
I'd like nothing better than to do that.
I'd just like to find out what happened.
I wouldn't worry about it if I were you.
I would've shown you how to do it right.
I would've never gone there without you.
I would've done the same thing, I think.
I worked three years as Tom's assistant.
I wonder who's going to be at the party.
I wonder what Tom will order for dinner.
I wonder what Tom and Mary talked about.
I wonder if Tom's ever going to succeed.
I wonder if Tom ever gives Mary flowers.
I wonder how many people are still here.
I wonder how long Tom boiled these eggs.
I won't tell Tom anything you say to me.
I won't be more than two or three hours.
I won't allow you to cause trouble here.
I wish you'd told me about what Tom did.
I wish you'd give me a little more time.
I wish you two could get along together.
I wish we could hear what Tom is saying.
I wish the circumstances were different.
I wasn't the only one who made promises.
I was worried you were going to be late.
I was very busy cleaning out the garage.
I was too busy helping Tom to help Mary.
I was saving this piece of cake for you.
I was in the shower when the phone rang.
I was going to offer to buy you a drink.
I was afraid you were going to say that.
I want the whole world to know about us.
I understand you've been looking for me.
I understand you wish to speak with Tom.
I understand you need to speak with Tom.
I told Tom I'd pick him up after school.
I thought you'd already made a decision.
I thought you were just here to see Tom.
I thought you said you worked in Boston.
I thought you said Tom needed more time.
I thought you said nobody knew about us.
I thought you didn't know where Tom was.
I thought that Tom had done that for us.
I thought I was going to die last night.
I thought I told you to throw that away.
I saw a soldier carrying a flamethrower.
I might be able to come and pick you up.
I just want to know why I have to do it.
I don't think Tom is going to like that.
I don't plan to worry about Tom anymore.
I don't feel like going to school today.
I didn't mean to make you uncomfortable.
I can't leave until the job is finished.
How many times have you seen this movie?
How long have Tom and Mary been married?
How long have Tom and Mary been engaged?
Do you want to know what the problem is?
Do you want me to tell you what Tom did?
Do you really think this is what I want?
Can the two of you come with me, please?
You've got to get me out of this place.
You've got to do something to help Tom.
You've got to be reasonable about this.
You've been through a lot, haven't you?
You're good at what you do, aren't you?
You won't have to work here any longer.
You should pack an extra pair of socks.
You don't have to go to school anymore.
Would you tell Tom I'd like to see him?
Would you just look at me for a second?
Would you inform Tom about the changes?
Would you care for a dish of ice cream?
We wouldn't dream of selling our house.
Tom wrote down his phone number for me.
Tom wrapped the blanket around himself.
Tom wouldn't tell us what he was doing.
Tom wouldn't take the matter seriously.
Tom wouldn't have known the difference.
Tom wouldn't go without saying goodbye.
Tom wouldn't give me a chance to think.
Tom wouldn't be interested in this job.
Tom would never say anything like that.
Tom would never do something like that.
Tom would've wanted you to have this.
Tom wondered where to hang up his coat.
Tom won't tell me who he plans to hire.
Tom won't let you go there by yourself.
Tom won't be going to school next week.
Tom won't be getting any money from me.
Tom won't be able to drive for a while.
Tom was under-dressed for the occasion.
Tom was a bit puzzled by Mary's answer.
Tom took his daughter Mary to the park.
Tom took a pen out of his shirt pocket.
Tom told Mary where to plant the roses.
Tom told Mary that her French was good.
Tom thought that the story was amusing.
Tom thought Mary had already gone home.
Tom thinks he knows where to find Mary.
Tom seems to be a bit taller than Mary.
Tom seemed to think we didn't like him.
Tom sat down to dinner with his family.
Tom said that he would be here by 2:30.
Tom put the envelope down on the table.
Tom pointed to the picture on the wall.
Tom picked up his helmet and put it on.
Tom picked up his drink and took a sip.
Tom mumbled something under his breath.
Tom looked at the calendar on his desk.
Tom knows what Mary did three days ago.
Tom knows what he wants to say to Mary.
Tom knew that Mary needed to buy a car.
Tom is worried about what Mary will do.
Tom is very careful about what he eats.
Tom is shorter than all of his friends.
Tom has already gone across the bridge.
Tom has already decided who to go with.
Tom got up to go, but Mary stopped him.
Tom doesn't have any friends in Boston.
Tom doesn't always come home this late.
Tom did everything Mary told him to do.
Tom comes here every day at about 2:30.
Tom brushes his teeth after every meal.
Tom bought this house thirty years ago.
Tom became irritated by Mary's silence.
Tom became flustered and a bit nervous.
Tom asked Mary how long she could wait.
Tom asked Mary for change for a dollar.
Tom and the others are headed this way.
Tom and Mary were walking side by side.
Tom and Mary swam in the pond together.
Tom and Mary don't speak to each other.
Tom and I are the only ones still here.
They zapped Tom with the defibrillator.
There's some milk in the refrigerator.
Please tell me how you plan to do that.
Nobody told me what time I should come.
Mary doesn't look much like her mother.
It was nice of you to clean the office.
I'm trying to find out why it happened.
I'm trying to find out how it happened.
I'm tired of dealing with this problem.
I'm the one you talked to on the phone.
I'm the one who made Tom quit drinking.
I'm the one who asked you the question.
I'm the guy who met Tom at the station.
I'm surprised you moved back to Boston.
I'm surprised this machine still works.
I'm sure you've been told this already.
I'm sure you heard about what happened.
I'm sure Tom's answer would've been no.
I'm sure Tom would like to go with you.
I'm sure Tom will ask you to the dance.
I'm sure Tom was just too busy to help.
I'm sure Tom was just too busy to come.
I'm sure Tom is grateful for your help.
I'm sure Tom is glad that Mary is here.
I'm sure Tom is aware of what happened.
I'm sure Tom hasn't forgotten about us.
I'm sure Tom appreciates all your help.
I'm sure that'll really be appreciated.
I'm supposed to pick Tom up after work.
I'm still waiting for the test results.
I'm still not used to living in Boston.
I'm starting to have fun on my new job.
I'm sorry, but we don't have much time.
I'm sorry, but there's no other choice.
I'm sorry, but I don't know what to do.
I'm sorry to cause you so much trouble.
I'm sorry if I made you feel unwelcome.
I'm sorry about what's happened to you.
I'm sick and tired of your complaining.
I'm responsible for what happened here.
I'm really looking forward to tomorrow.
I'm pretty sure Tom has a pair of skis.
I'm not sure Tom knows what he's doing.
I'm not sure Tom is willing to help us.
I'm not supposed to leave the building.
I'm not really familiar with your work.
I'm not particularly thirsty right now.
I'm not letting Tom do this by himself.
I'm not going to let you waste my time.
I'm not going to eat anything you cook.
I'm looking forward to the opportunity.
I'm looking forward to going to Boston.
I'm just trying to save some time here.
I'm just telling you to think about it.
I'm just looking forward to going home.
I'm just glad everything turned out OK.
I'm having trouble believing it myself.
I'm having really bad luck with my car.
I'm having a hard time explaining this.
I'm going to visit Tom in the hospital.
I'm going to turn Tom in to the police.
I'm going to take some pictures of Tom.
I'm going to see what I can do to help.
I'm going to need your help doing this.
I'm going to need another one of these.
I'm going to miss our lunches together.
I'm going out for about thirty minutes.
I'm glad we've had this chance to talk.
I'm counting on you to be here on time.
I'm concerned by what's happening here.
I'm assuming it was just a coincidence.
I'm afraid I have a confession to make.
I'm a little curious about that myself.
I'll walk your dog for you if you like.
I'll meet you back here in three hours.
I'll just wait here until Tom is ready.
I'll have a mechanic check the car out.
I'll go and get you something to drink.
I'll give you as much time as you need.
I'll find out how much money Tom needs.
I'll explain everything when I see you.
I'll discuss the matter with my family.
I'd strongly advise against doing that.
I'd really appreciate it if you'd help.
I'd heard you were on the waiting list.
I'd be very surprised if Tom showed up.
I wouldn't lose a lot of sleep over it.
I wouldn't know what to do without you.
I wouldn't have missed it for anything.
I wouldn't do this if I didn't have to.
I would've told you how to do it right.
I would've helped you if you had asked.
I wonder who'll be helping us tomorrow.
I wonder who Tom will take to the prom.
I wonder when Tom is going to get here.
I wonder what Tom was doing last night.
I wonder what happened to Tom's garden.
I wonder what happened to Tom and Mary.
I wonder if Tom noticed the difference.
I wonder if anybody knows where Tom is.
I won't say anything to Tom about this.
I won't let you boss me around anymore.
I won't interfere with your work again.
I won't have you telling me what to do.
I wish you'd consider joining our team.
I wish you'd consider coming back home.
I wish you would've just left me alone.
I wish you had told me about it sooner.
I wish Tom were here to see Mary dance.
I wish things could get back to normal.
I wish there was something I could say.
I wish I'd brought an umbrella with me.
I wish I could stop thinking about you.
I wasn't sure I could trust you before.
I was worried something had gone wrong.
I was wondering when you'd come see me.
I was wondering what changed your mind.
I was wondering if you'd like to dance.
I was wondering if you were still here.
I was up all night writing this report.
I was suspicious of Tom from the start.
I was sorry to hear about your divorce.
I was hoping you'd consider my request.
I was hoping I could get a little help.
I was going to try and reason with Tom.
I was assigned to deal with the matter.
I want to know when you came to Boston.
I want to know when Tom came to Boston.
I want to know when I need to be there.
I used to work in an electronics store.
I understand you were friends with Tom.
I told you I already have a girlfriend.
I told Tom to wait for my instructions.
I told Tom to wait for me in the lobby.
I told Tom to help Mary, but he didn't.
I thought you wouldn't know the answer.
I thought you weren't going to make it.
I thought you said you worked with Tom.
I thought you might want to watch this.
I thought you had somewhere else to be.
I thought you gave Tom your old jacket.
I thought we'd ask Tom a few questions.
I thought we weren't talking about Tom.
I thought we talked about this already.
I thought Tom would make dinner for us.
I thought Tom was trying to impress me.
I thought Tom had something to tell us.
I thought Tom had never been to Boston.
I thought Tom had more class than that.
I thought the meeting went really well.
I thought it was an important decision.
I thought I gave you the key yesterday.
I keep my diary on the table by my bed.
I feel like we shouldn't be doing this.
I don't see why Tom can't come with us.
I don't ever want you to do that again.
I can't imagine ever getting a divorce.
How many times have you been to Boston?
How long have Tom and Mary been dating?
How are we going to manage without Tom?
Your friend Tom seems like a nice guy.
You've only been here for three weeks.
You've changed your mind, haven't you?
You've been there before, haven't you?
You'll have to concentrate a bit more.
You wouldn't have a pencil, would you?
You wouldn't do this if Tom were here.
You wouldn't believe me if I told you.
You won't have to work overtime today.
You won't have any trouble finding me.
You won a three-week vacation for two.
You weren't at home when I dropped by.
You ask a lot of questions, don't you?
Would you take Tom to Boston with you?
Would you please repeat your question?
Would you like some more orange juice?
Would you give me a chance to explain?
Would you care to join us for a drink?
Why don't you come to the zoo with me?
What were you planning on doing today?
What time are you coming over tonight?
We're planning to tear down our house.
We'll be out of here in a few minutes.
Was there something you wanted to say?
Tom's apartment is on the third floor.
Tom, Mary and John are in the kitchen.
Tom wrote a very detailed description.
Tom wouldn't tell Mary how old he was.
Tom wouldn't open the door, so I left.
Tom wouldn't leave without telling us.
Tom would never do anything like that.
Tom wondered why Mary didn't like him.
Tom won't tell me why Mary isn't here.
Tom won't tell me what he wants to do.
Tom won't eat anything I cook for him.
Tom won't believe a word you tell him.
Tom won't be getting any food from us.
Tom won't be able to keep up with you.
Tom will be relocating to Boston soon.
Tom was supposed to be here yesterday.
Tom was looking for a vending machine.
Tom wanted to travel around the world.
Tom wanted to speak to Mary privately.
Tom usually eats only two meals a day.
Tom used to be a country music singer.
Tom turned and walked out of the room.
Tom tossed the empty cup in the trash.
Tom took some money out of the drawer.
Tom took some coins out of his pocket.
Tom told Mary to keep the door closed.
Tom thinks everything is his business.
Tom swam in the pond behind his house.
Tom stopped crying and began to smile.
Tom spent three weeks in the hospital.
Tom says he won't get married to Mary.
Tom says he witnessed the whole thing.
Tom sat by the window, reading a book.
Tom said he would come to the wedding.
Tom said he wanted to go to the beach.
Tom pulled some nails out of the wall.
Tom picked up the dice and threw them.
Tom picked up a pizza on his way home.
Tom opened the door to see who it was.
Tom never eats anything between meals.
Tom needs money to buy some textbooks.
Tom looked like he was ready to leave.
Tom listened to the news on the radio.
Tom knows nothing about the situation.
Tom knows Mary isn't very happy here.
Tom isn't planning to go, but Mary is.
Tom is throwing a party next Saturday.
Tom is the best candidate for the job.
Tom hoped that Mary wasn't in trouble.
Tom has worked for me for three years.
Tom has trouble making both ends meet.
Tom has told Mary everything he knows.
Tom had his hands in his back pockets.
Tom got out of the bath and dried off.
Tom followed Mary out of the hospital.
Tom entered the room, carrying a book.
Tom doesn't live in this neighborhood.
Tom didn't want to tell Mary anything.
Tom didn't want to live on the street.
Tom didn't know that Mary was married.
Tom caught a fish with his bare hands.
Tom came in with a wrench in his hand.
Tom bent down and picked something up.
Tom barely pays any attention to Mary.
Tom avoided answering Mary's question.
Tom asked too many personal questions.
Tom asked me to look into that matter.
Tom asked Mary where she wanted to go.
Tom asked Mary what she was afraid of.
Tom asked if there were any questions.
Tom appears to be waiting for someone.
Tom appears to be looking for someone.
Tom appears to be in a very good mood.
Tom apparently used to work in Boston.
Tom apologized for not coming earlier.
Tom and Mary work out at the same gym.
Tom and Mary were seated side by side.
Tom and Mary are still in the kitchen.
They weren't strong enough to help us.
There's still some beer in the fridge.
The police officer wrote Tom a ticket.
It took Tom an hour to clean his room.
It looks like Tom has a crush on Mary.
I've seen the way Tom flirts with you.
I've been told that I'm a good kisser.
I'm willing to let bygones be bygones.
I'm willing to do just about anything.
I'm trying to keep Tom out of trouble.
I'm trying to keep Tom away from Mary.
I'm trying to figure out why Tom left.
I'm too tired to think about that now.
I'm thinking I'll take a few days off.
I'm the only one qualified to do this.
I'm the one who should be apologizing.
I'm the one who made Tom quit smoking.
I'm the one who gave Tom his nickname.
I'm the one who came up with the idea.
I'm surprised Tom never mentioned you.
I'm surprised Tom isn't with Mary now.
I'm surprised Tom didn't want to come.
I'm sure you'll make the right choice.
I'm sure you'll have a wonderful time.
I'm sure you'll be able to do the job.
I'm sure you must have many questions.
I'm sure you heard about what Tom did.
I'm sure you have better things to do.
I'm sure Tom's name isn't on the list.
I'm sure Tom wouldn't double-cross me.
I'm sure Tom would be willing to help.
I'm sure Tom will appreciate the gift.
I'm sure Tom told you I would be here.
I'm sure Tom is glad to be going home.
I'm sure Tom can answer your question.
I'm sure Tom appreciates your concern.
I'm sure there's something in the box.
I'm sure there's no need to be scared.
I'm sure there's no need to be afraid.
I'm sure that wasn't part of the plan.
I'm sure it's nothing that can't wait.
I'm sure everything will be just fine.
I'm still trying to figure things out.
I'm still not sure what this is about.
I'm still learning my students' names.
I'm sorry, I didn't mean to scare you.
I'm sorry, I can't help you with that.
I'm sorry to hear that Tom is so sick.
I'm sick and tired of your complaints.
I'm selling my half of the restaurant.
I'm scared Tom isn't going to like me.
I'm really not interested in politics.
I'm pleased to make your acquaintance.
I'm now officially part of this group.
I'm not wasting any more time on this.
I'm not the one who should be worried.
I'm not sure we have any other choice.
I'm not particularly hungry right now.
I'm not here to cause you any trouble.
I'm not going to take that risk again.
I'm not going to make you do anything.
I'm not going to leave this up to Tom.
I'm not going to answer that question.
I'm not doing anything tomorrow night.
I'm never coming back to Boston again.
I'm looking forward to tomorrow night.
I'm kind of curious about that myself.
I'm just trying to do the right thing.
I'm just trying to be a good neighbor.
I'm just asking you to think about it.
I'm honored to make your acquaintance.
I'm having second thoughts about that.
I'm going to wait until Tom gets here.
I'm going to teach you how to do that.
I'm going to take Tom to Mary's house.
I'm going to take full responsibility.
I'm going to be ready in five minutes.
I'm glad you finally figured that out.
I'm glad we got that straightened out.
I'm glad I caught you before you left.
I'm certain Tom was referring to Mary.
I'm beginning to think you're serious.
I'm afraid that's out of the question.
I'm afraid I'm not who you think I am.
I'll tell Tom you finished the report.
I'll show you how this game is played.
I'll see that it doesn't happen again.
I'll see if Tom is willing to help us.
I'll put my passport back in the safe.
I'll personally guarantee your safety.
I'll park the car and meet you inside.
I'll never let anything happen to you.
I'll never forget what you did for me.
I'll need someone to take care of Tom.
I'll need my own tools to do this job.
I'll make sure nothing happens to Tom.
I'll let you know how things turn out.
I'll just wait here until Tom arrives.
I'll inform Tom about what we decided.
I'll have you home in time for dinner.
I'll get back to you as soon as I can.
I'll figure out a way to make it work.
I'll call you right after the meeting.
I'll borrow an umbrella from somebody.
I'll be seeing you sometime next week.
I'll be out of town for a week or two.
I had no idea anyone lived in this cave.
I'd never met Tom before this morning.
I'd like to speak with you in private.
I'd like to hang out with you tonight.
I'd do what Tom advises if I were you.
I wouldn't want to be late for school.
I wouldn't mind going out for a while.
I wouldn't dream of contradicting you.
I would never do anything to hurt you.
I wondered how long it would take you.
I wonder why Tom wanted us to be here.
I wonder what Tom's favorite color is.
I wonder what Tom will try to do next.
I wonder if Tom still lives in Boston.
I wonder if this is some sort of scam.
I wonder if I should get one of those.
I won't take up too much of your time.
I won't take up any more of your time.
I won't repeat anything you say to me.
I won't know that until Tom gets here.
I wish you'd stop telling people that.
I wish you'd been around last weekend.
I wish you had told me what to expect.
I wish there was something I could do.
I wish I understood what was going on.
I wish I could stop thinking about it.
I went out with Mary for three months.
I wasn't expecting you until tomorrow.
