Tell Tom I'll be there in a minute.
Tom decided to quit smoking.
My father has decided to quit smoking.
My father decided to quit smoking.
Tom has decided to quit smoking.
What kinda sorcery is this?
Do you support or oppose this idea?
My granddaughter's behaviour has caused a rift in our family.
Many drivers have a cavalier attitude towards the rules of the road.
Try not to be so tense.
Stop being so judgmental.
Stop being so suspicious.
Tom was furious that Mary was always late for their weekly meeting, and said he thought it was a sign of disrespect.
Why are you so suspicious?
Why are you so interested?
Why are you being so kind?
That wasn't so bad, was it?
Stop being so picky.
Tom launched a vicious personal attack against Mary.
Thank you for being so supportive.
Tom left the milk unattended on the stove and it boiled over and went all over the kitchen floor.
Thank you for being so cooperative.
Do as you think fit.
The volunteer firefighters fought the blaze bravely, with scant regard for their own safety.
I thought you said Tom was leaving.
I'm thinking about going on a trip.
It won't be that easy.
One of the windows was broken.
Try not to think about it.
What do you think of my idea?
My grandfather's painting is on the wall.
I see things differently now.
All you seem to think about is money.
What do you think of all this?
The post office is just across from that store over there.
And she said she's a true princess.
Germany combines modern and medieval.
Why didn't I think of that?
You shouldn't be afraid of making mistakes when learning a language.
The post office is on the other side of the river.
The post office is just past the bank.
The post office is not too far from here.
What do you think this is?
I told you that I wasn't going to give up.
I told you that I would never give up.
The street protests have been going on for three weeks already.
What do you think you'll do next?
Do you think it makes a difference?
Do you think it'll make a difference?
Why didn't we think of that before?
Do you think Tom knows Mary is married?
What do you think they're celebrating?
It's said that the president of these people is fair.
What does the girl want to know?
I heard you were thinking of resigning.
Where and when did that happen?
Were you there when it happened?
Where were you when it happened?
How about some tea?
I can't afford to buy a new car this year, so I'll have to make-or-break my old one.
Why don't you have some wine?
Why don't we have some dinner?
Can't you get somebody else to help you?
There's somebody at the door.
Go do something else.
Have something to drink.
Has Tom done something wrong?
There has to be something we can do.
Is there something we can do to help?
Tom was there that night.
The river overflowed its banks and flooded the fields around it.
They got married yesterday at the town hall in a modest wedding ceremony attended by several good friends.
It's time to prepare dinner.
It's dinner time and I don't want to eat.
Meditation exercises help me detach for a certain period of time from the material world and connect to the calm of the spiritual world.
I once saw a tennis game in which a line umpire ruled that the ball was in and the chair umpire reversed his decision.
The secret documents were shredded.
The classified documents were hidden.
The United States officially declared a state of emergency.
The movie first reached movie screens in 1999.
Could you please expand the topic a little?
The movie is showing today at 7:p.m. and 10:p.m.
Could you please expand the topic?
They precisely translated the following sentence:
Crime in the streets is increasing.
Why do you guys always ask me that?
Mary came out of the closet at work.
Mary declares herself to be a lesbian.
Tom came out to his parents when he was 24.
Mary came out at work.
Tom came out of the closet to his parents at the age of 24.
Tom, I'm hungry.
"Tom, I'm hungry." "Me too."
She has a short attention span.
In summer, the temperatures are liable to jump up to about degrees!
In summer, the temperatures are liable to climb to around degrees!
He won't be missed.
She won't be missed.
I'm a slow learner.
This is so sexist.
He just doesn't listen.
Am I asking for too much?
I hate it when guys do that.
Have a doughnut.
We are both adults.
We're not in the 1950s anymore!
No, I won't cook for you.
You should dump him.
It makes me so angry.
Do you even know what sexism means?
Tom shook everybody's hands.
"Now I take money in cash before we start," said the prostitute.
The new situation makes it harder for the Indian government to combat the spread of the AIDS virus.
Were you disappointed, as I was, in the results of the Arab Spring?
Israel's security policy cannot rely on the assumption that the dictators of the Arab countries will retain power forever.
All men are like that.
German men are sexist.
Russia is sending battleships, marines, and landing craft tanks against Syria, and submarine equiment against Iran.
In honor of tomorrow's Esperanto club meeting, I baked a cake with white frosting and a green star in the center.
My wife is definitely complicated!
My brother sent me a photo in which he resembled Kaddafi.
My son will come from school in an hour.
My kid will come from school in an hour.
The car started.
The car stopped.
The car traveled quickly.
Evolution is a tinkerer and not an engineer.
The Hebrew language was chosen not for its virtues, but due to inability to arrive at an agreement.
The cat knows whose sausage it ate.
Please knock on the door.
The English, German, French, Hebrew, Yiddish, and Arabic languages were evaluated as candidates for the language of the future state.
Who did you say that to?
He is an Englishman.
The heads of the Zionist settlements debated a great deal as to which language would be chosen as the language of the future state.
The police officer put a piece of paper in front of him.
The best-known linguistic process with respect to the rejuvenation of Hebrew is the expansion of its vocabulary.
I'm pissed.
Nothing changed.
Eliezer Ben-Yehuda contributed much to the renewal of the ancient language and to its adaptation to the everyday needs of the modern world.
My little brother did it, not me.
Sephardic pronunciation was chosen as the preferred pronunciation of the members of the enlightenment movement.
Twenty-eight, twenty-nine, thirty, or thirty-one days make a month.
Twenty-eight, twenty-nine, thirty or thirty-one days make up a month.
There are gorgeous flowers in the garden.
Nineteenth-century Hebrew had three principal dialects: Sephardi, Ashkenazi, and Yemenite.
Everything comes to an end sometime.
The success of Hebrew should serve the Esperanto movement as a source of encouragement and inspiration.
Modern Hebrew is unique in the degree to which it serves native speakers of different languages.
Santa replied to Mary's letter.
Santa didn't reply to Tom's letter.
Many people take an interest in cars, but they don't interest me at all.
A lot of folks find cars interesting, but I'm not interested in them at all.
What do you think about going on a walk in the park?
In fact, I already have heartburn even though I ate only one jelly doughnut.
If you say that you love me, you must also love my dog.
Is Greek hard to learn?
Is it hard to learn Greek?
After I lit a fourth candle, I wanted to eat some jelly doughnuts.
"Is there anything that I need to avoid when I recover from giving birth?" "Yes, getting pregnant."
"Is there any reason I need to be in the delivery room when my wife is giving birth?" "Only if the word 'alimony' means anything to you."
It's an optical illusion.
"The midwife says that there's no pain during childbirth, only pressure. Is that true?" "Yes! Just like a tornado is a movement of air."
Where's your school?
"My wife is in her fifth month and she tends to have such bad moods that it's not even rational." "Fine, so what's the question?"
Do you want to learn English?
"What's the best way to determine the gender of the child?" "Look between its legs."
"Should one get pregnant after 35?" "Absolutely not! children are plenty."
I can't pass the test.
In that case, the problem turns into analysis of estimates of risk.
There might be a gas leak in our house.
Okay, who are you?
Can I turn on the radio?
The dialing prefix for Bulgaria is +359.
Italy's country code is 39.
My best friend dances beautifully.
All of your accusations are without foundation. She's innocent and we're going to prove it.
Tom directed a torrent of abuse at Mary as she came late again for their weekly meeting.
She loves to dance.
She wants to speak.
She has long legs.
They say Australia is a wonderful country.
What do you think of going to a movie?
He got his ears pierced.
He'll be busy until four.
Kneel!
They won't let you go.
It was then that we clearly felt the gravity of the situation.
I love books.
Did you do something to your hair?
There's something going on there.
Somebody had to do something about it.
That's something of an understatement.
Did you have something to do with this?
There's something you have to know.
Do you think something went wrong?
Do you have something to say to me?
Did you have something to say?
Do you think there is something in there?
Do you think Tom knows who we are?
There has to be a reason.
Tom will be busy until 2:30.
Tom won't be here until 2:30.
Tom said he'd be in a meeting until 2:30.
"Did you say something?" "No. Did you?"
That's a little disrespectful.
The cafe is run by students.
She only buys second-hand clothing.
The atmosphere was casual and relaxed.
The Code of Hammurabi is one of the world's most ancient code of laws.
I ran to the bathroom to look at myself in the mirror.
The Code of Hammurabi is one of the world's most ancient legal codes.
I should be thanking you.
She is a community activist.
There's only one road on the island.
I got some money for my birthday.
Life is weird.
Life is weird sometimes.
This needs to stop.
Mary was completely shell-shocked after Tom dressed her down for being late for the meeting.
Tom was gobsmacked when he was told that a truck had crashed into his house.
The English sentence is the original one.
We ask that you don't smoke in the station.
The carriage of bicycles is permitted.
Please show consideration for other passengers.
Please let me have an hour to think about it.
Please step back from the edge of the platform.
What complications can occur with such an operation?
The mail didn't deliver the order on the exact day.
It's complicated to repair a machine as complex as that.
This man's wealth is big, but his madness is even bigger.
I'll give you as much time as you want.
He said he wanted to go, but didn't say the reason clearly.
We're already billion.
A princess came to him in person.
Tom said that he wanted to go to Boston, but he didn't tell us why.
What do you people do?
How can people do that?
Are you people nuts?
Are you people crazy?
Why are people here?
Three people are dead.
Get these people out of here.
Three people have died.
Most people are idiots.
How did you people know?
Some people did nothing.
Why are people clapping?
These people are amateurs.
What are you people doing?
Those people are dangerous.
Young people often make mistakes.
Several people were injured.
There are people everywhere.
Most people did what you did.
These people are our friends.
Why are all these people here?
Are you the people from the CIA?
Some people think Tom was poisoned.
There were people on the street.
This is what people do every day.
Do you know who those people are?
Lots of people make that mistake.
Why don't we take a walk?
Is this going to take long?
It'll take three hours, tops.
At most, it'll only take three hours.
This is going to take time.
This is going to take forever.
Send me some!
Did you take Tom's temperature?
If you didn't take it, who did?
Sometimes you have to take chances.
Are you willing to take that chance?
Do you like the plan?
We're going to have to take a chance.
What's taking Tom so long?
What took so long?
That was a broad hint.
Who took this picture?
Who took these pictures?
What's the name of the girl we saw at the festival that day?
It's so good to take a rest after a long voyage.
Elay is relating, step by step, what she saw and heard.
Oshtylech is marrying on the day after tomorrow.
I've never been so glad about the spring's coming.
The snowstorm gradually abated.
Echuk is looking for a job.
The saddest thing in life is that you have to commit good actions to prove that you deserve respect, but it's enough to make one little mistake to prove that you're good-for-nothing.
If I had time, I'd visit you with great pleasure.
You wrote a splendid text. There is no doubt that you have the heart of a poet and a great talent.
Do you know any good restaurant near here?
Do you know any good restaurant around here?
Which team do you think will win?
Where's Tom's umbrella?
Where's Tom going to stay?
Where's Tom going to go?
Where's Tom going to be?
China has imposed a no-fly zone over several disputed islands in the East China Sea.
I am giving you a star.
I think he should have apologized to the teacher.
We're all convinced of her guilt.
They were on their knees.
I think he should apologize to the teacher.
The drunk driver took the turn too fast, lost control of his car, and sideswiped six parked cars.
I don't have the desire to tell him the truth.
Were you as disappointed as I was in the results of the Arab Spring?
All trees and shrubs must be trimmed so that their branches are no closer than one metre from a power line.
Do not try to live for ever. You will not succeed.
An amoeba is animalcular.
An amoeba is a protozoan.
The young Russian geologist hammered off a piece of the stone and minutely examined it. "Basalt!" he cried rapturously, passing a fragment of the rock to his German colleague.
Then Robert woke up again, and all of his limbs were hurting.
He worries about his mother's health.
You use a glass mirror to see your face; you use works of art to see your soul.
Man is free at the instant he wants to be.
You're not thinking of taking Tom with you, are you?
Where are you taking us?
Let's take it from the top.
Can we get some coffee?
Try and get some rest.
Try to get some rest.
Give us some space.
Go home and get some sleep.
There's got to be something you can do.
Isn't there something you can do to help?
Paradise on earth is where I am.
I don't want to tell Tom the truth.
I think we shouldn't tell Tom what really happened.
Love truth, but pardon error.
Do not venture outside your homes.
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.
It is better to risk sparing a guilty person than to condemn an innocent one.
You aren't an angel as well.
Faith consists in believing what reason cannot.
After I accumulated five years of seniority, I was promoted.
What can be done? These are market forces.
This isn't a bazaar, where you can start bargaining on prices.
What's the maximum capacity of the food processor?
What are the nutritional values of the product?
A technician will come to your house two days from now.
A technician will come to your house the day after tomorrow.
I'll turn the day after tomorrow.
In two days, I'll turn 13.
The day after Sunday is Monday.
My son is being called up to the Torah on Sunday.
My sister and I have a very strong connection.
I want the class to be silent.
For how many hours can you sit in front of the computer?
For years, I've been living in suffering!
You're just trying to scare us.
The end is coming, whether you like it or not.
We don't have enough money for a taxi.
I'm not finding the second sock.
Is it worth it or not?
Tom is an illegal immigrant.
I got a motorcycle driver's license when I was sixteen and a half.
Try as hard as possible to stay away from shady characters!
We have a community with wonderful people.
We have a congregation with terrific people.
Pharmaceutical companies hide information from the public about the safety of the medications they sell.
Mars is the Red Planet.
Write your answer into the following blue field.
There is no response from him.
Emily wrote the sentence.
I went to Norway.
I went to Sweden.
I went to Denmark.
She was singing a song.
I'm not against it, but I'm not for it, either.
I have no objection, but I'm not in favor of it, either.
We lived in a cramped, dim house which was as small as a hive.
The road to Kazan lies through a dense forest.
We're following a narrow road.
Life can't be stopped, it always goes on.
The law won't let anyone oppress people.
The bees are zooming out of the hive.
The native language is now used on many web-sites.
Saskaviy has learned how to create a web page.
This sentence needs to be corrected.
I'm a plain dealer, I look on life plainly, I think plainly, I speak plainly.
Is there something I can do to help?
Don't you have something to say to Tom?
Do you have somewhere to stay?
This is going to take a while.
Tom has been refusing to take his medicine.
It's going to take about three hours.
Could you take care of my dog for a while?
I don't know exactly when Tom plans to get here.
Thanks for taking the time to help.
Is there something in there?
Why would Tom take that risk?
Our employees do not accept tips.
Bishops, archbishops and abbots composed the high clergy.
The weight of aluminium in the Earth's crust corresponds to 8.13% of the total weight.
The rights of children are universal.
The father went fishing.
The fine isn't very high.
Get out of town.
Get out of my car.
Keep out of sight.
Stay out of sight.
Move out of the way.
Look out the window.
Hold out your hands.
Move out of my way.
Get out of our way.
Get out of my seat.
Get out of there.
Come out of there.
Let us out of here.
Blow out the candles.
Come on out of there.
Get out of the water.
Get out of the truck.
That was out of line.
Get out of my kitchen.
I'm asking you to say unambiguously yes or no.
He doesn't fully grasp what young people are saying.
Throw out your weapon.
I will try, but I do not know for sure whether I can go to the movies tomorrow or not.
I understood how to solve the problem.
Here the road curves to the right.
I need a native speaker.
Do not play on the roadway; it is very dangerous. Never play on the roadway!
You are late. Where have you been?
You are a guru at this.
History is life of memory.
This apology is not enough.
Monolingualism is like a disease, as it leads to ethnocentrism and culture isolation. But this disease can be cured.
One won't profit by an insincere gift.
She's been very busy this week.
I should admit that I started to feel sick.
My elder brother doesn't do sports.
Drive out your needs through the door, and they will come back through the window.
So-so, nothing special.
There were the two of them - the brother and the sister.
A bitch is a bitch!
So this is what homesick feels like.
I just need some fresh air to clear my head and come to my senses.
May God lead you to the right way.
That's very motherly of you.
Prices include shipping!
There's no life on the moon.
Tom salted his egg.
What are Tom and Mary doing here?
You showed your best.
He sat down on the bed.
He's like a brother to me: the uncle's cousin's nephew of a friend of mine.
We were hurrying in order to make up for the wasted time.
Thanks for your question.
She acquainted him with the meetings schedule for today, but I don't think he remembered anything at all.
You have the right to be treated with respect by others.
Make me ten copies.
I see you're wearing a new hat.
I've fucked my teacher and I don't know what to do next.
They didn't change their minds.
She was in the middle of the shopping center, anxiously looking back and forth.
For a thief, all roads lead to prison.
During a walk in the park she accidentally met her old friend.
God knows what we need.
I am your slave.
Everybody knew that she spoke very good English.
No one likes me in the company; I know that well.
How can you say such nonsense?
"Tom, your stomach is rumbling." "Yes, I know. I haven't eaten all day." "You poor man!"
It was a nice day to go to the beach.
I think it's best to accept his plan.
She's been very busy.
She'd been very busy.
The itching appeared several hours after eating.
Tom will call you every day.
Orina wrote something on a piece of paper and thrust it into Pyotyr's hand from under the table.
You can purchase this medicine without a prescription.
Of course we know that we will get old.
A teacher may never laugh at a student who has made a mistake.
You'd better go find a job instead of fucking around.
Who's the boss in the house?
If you meet an interpreter from Danish to Maltese, marry her immediately.
What makes people do that?
Are those people crazy?
Who took you to the prom?
Will you go out with me?
That's going to take a while.
Things got out of control.
Did you take Tom's advice?
Tom found a place to live.
Tom closed the trunk.
Tom apologized for breaking the window.
A teacher should never laugh at a student who makes a mistake.
Markku frowned.
Earth laughs in flowers.
Everything in Nature contains all the powers of Nature.
I'm learning Zulu.
Hitch your wagon to a star.
I like the silent church before the service begins, better than any preaching.
Nature always wears the colors of the spirit.
Nobody can bring you peace but yourself.
The highest revelation is that God is in every man.
All the world's a stage, and all the men and women merely players.
Suspicion always haunts the guilty mind.
The temperature of the oil went up to degrees Celsius.
The temperature of the oil climbed to degrees Celsius.
I formed balls from the elastic dough and the apple and added them to the pot of boiling oil.
I immediately went out to the kitchen and kneaded dough made of flour, butter, sugar, water, salt, and yeast.
Never make predictions, especially about the future.
I'm a twelve-year-old girl.
I do a good job with my work.
That is a policy of weakness, helplessness, and complete confusion.
No one can bake apple cake better than Emily.
No one can bake apple cake better than Emily can.
Get out of my life, and don't come back.
You think that I'm an idiot? It's because I'm talking with you.
Don't lend books; no one gives them back. The only books that are still left in my library are ones that I have borrowed from other people.
Do you enjoy living like that?
Together we can do it!
There is nothing either good or bad but thinking makes it so.
The golden age is before us, not behind us.
The hospital quarantined the infected patients to avoid cross infection.
Those who will be affected by massive job cuts in the public sector have not yet been made aware of their fate.
Federal departments have been hit with an official hiring freeze in an attempt to bring down government staffing costs.
You're such a gossip.
That handbag is mine.
I start work at eight in the morning.
How much damage was done?
Here's the house where she used to live.
Here's the house she used to live in.
Mr. Bergerac, I'm your cousin.
A lady is waiting for me.
You were woken up.
"She doesn't love me anymore!" "What?" "It's you who she loves!"
Dying is not so terrible. But... to never see her again... That's what's horrible!
I love someone.
A heavy heart bears not a nimble tongue.
What's that scratch again?
What's that scratch?
I love Cleopatra: do I look like Caesar?
Give every man thy ear, but few thy voice.
You... You have a nose... err... a very big nose.
You had never talked to me like that before!
I'm not that stupid, you know!
"So you know all the letters he wrote you by heart?" "All of them!"
You came to Bergerac every summer!
Instead of three pâté, I'll give you six.
Oh! I have no illusions!
Oh! I'm not deluding myself!
It's like the Red Sea when it bleeds.
Under certain circumstances banks can freeze the assets of a person who dies without a will.
It's like the Red Sea when he bleeds.
Hey! I'm about to get angry!
If I hear this song one more time, I'll knock you all out cold.
I order you to shut up!
Come close, young heroes!
Does modesty prevent you from seeing my naked blade?
Sir, have you seen Sir Cyrano?
Mister, have you seen Mr. Cyrano?
He's very knowledgeable about colichemarde swords.
"Isn't he one of the least ordinary men?" "Oh! He's the most exquisite of sublunary beings!"
"Don't you agree that this man is one of the least ordinary men?" "Oh! He's the most exquisite of earthly beings!"
Let's practice foil fencing.
A recent drop in house prices will help first home buyers to achieve their dream of owning their own home.
Let's practice with the foil.
I don't pay! I'm a musketeer.
Please bid farewell, my Lady, to your husband.
Shut up! Not in front of her!
He that is giddy thinks the world turns round.
You always forget your money.
Parking was full.
That's something to be proud of.
Do you want to know more?
You've got this.
Tom got hit by a girl.
Mary punched Tom in the face.
You need to grow up.
You need to grow up and mature a bit.
You can't change your sexuality.
Why didn't you just punch him?
There is a map on the table.
This big book makes my brain hurt.
I would highly recommend it.
I'm not bitter.
There was more than enough food.
I baked some cookies.
Parties can be a lot of fun.
There are more male members than female ones on this website.
Have you tried using a dating website?
Westminter is alive with speculation today, as the government decides on a new leader to take them forward into the general election.
The firemen were prevented from reaching the woman trapped in her house, because of the huge pile of junk she had accumulated over many years.
Why did you take a cab?
Would you take it easy?
Did you take your pills?
Have you taken your pills?
Did you take your medicine?
Have you taken your medicine?
Everyone thinks we're a couple.
Do you think Tom has been brainwashed?
What do you think has happened?
Do you think this is pertinent?
Do you think Tom is having fun?
Do we know when they'll make their decision?
What Tom did took guts.
What Tom did took courage.
The data is incorrect.
Death doesn't choose anyone. It comes to everyone.
Enough of vacation!
Could a dream be an expression of desire?
Where have they taken Tom?
Somebody's taken Tom's place.
Someone's taken my umbrella.
Tell Tom not to take all of this medicine at once.
Tom came into the room wearing a bathrobe.
I was just about to take a bath.
I miss my parents.
I miss my parents so much.
It's not known what or who killed him.
You have no right to judge these people.
Don't touch this blue button.
With these words, he went away.
He's very brave at home.
Tom said he was tired and wanted to go home early.
The flag of the town of Vila Velha looks like an inverted Philippine flag.
It's a pleasant day for a picnic.
She walks for more than an hour every day of the week.
Thank you for the quick response to my message.
The capital of Zimbabwe is Harare.
Elderly men are dangerous, since they do not care about the future.
Englishmen differ from Americans only in the language they speak.
Where is this taken from?
This is so pretty.
What about a tour together?
After making and tasting authentic macaroons, I still don't understand why some people love them.
Mary, come quick! A flying saucer has just landed in our garden.
Englishmen will never be slaves. They will always be free to do what the government and public opinion demand from them.
Old people have two great advantages: they no longer have any toothaches, and they don't hear all the nonsense that is said around them.
Do you know what Tom was wearing?
Romeo loved Juliet more than he thought he did, and could not cope with losing her.
I've never seen a more enticing woman than the one standing in front of me right now.
You should be careful with knives.
The syringe is the instrument most commonly used to administer insulin.
It's good that you've noticed the elephant!
You should know I'm a procrastinator.
Every monster starts off as someone's baby.
Every serial killer was somebody's baby once.
After silence, that which comes nearest to expressing the inexpressible is music.
You're full of yourselves.
The more powerful and original a mind, the more it will incline towards the religion of solitude.
I'd like you to tell me if there are any mistakes in this sentence.
I always notice using fake dinosaurs in movies.
Experience is not what happens to you; it's what you do with what happens to you.
Tom is a very hardworking student.
It rarely snows here.
"Liberty, equality, fraternity" is also the national motto of Haiti.
Please see if there are any mistakes in this sentence.
There are things known and there are things unknown, and in between are the doors of perception.
Could you tell me if there are any mistakes in this sentence?
Tom would've called Mary if he'd had her phone number.
The end cannot justify the means, for the simple and obvious reason that the means employed determine the nature of the ends produced.
Today's Monday, isn't it?
Tom just doesn't listen.
Why didn't you just punch Tom?
The dog wants to sleep.
The most beautiful things are the most useless ones, such as peacocks and lilies.
I tried to help Tom, but I couldn't.
Tom went straight home.
Tom went straight home after work.
I don't like gambling.
If most of us remain ignorant of ourselves, it is because self-knowledge is painful and we prefer the pleasure of illusion.
Tom won't be missed.
I wiped the dirt off my pants.
Tom lost the watch that Mary gave him.
You don't have to re-invent the wheel.
He's made up his mind and refuses to change it.
I'm a bad singer.
I don't understand English, let alone German.
I need to read a lot.
Why did you scare my wife by suddenly jumping out of the cupboard?
It's hard for me to always be in the spotlight.
We look at you as a friend, and treat you with respect.
It's better to have no books at all than to completely trust them.
They needed no money.
This is bad. There's fog, and it's uncertain if we're going to land.
That was a warning.
What are your office hours?
None of the students could solve the problem.
I like cats more than dogs.
I guess everybody thinks that I'm in love with Mary.
I can't get you that dress.
Women use perfume because a nose is easier to tempt than an eye.
He attracted many people's attention.
Tell them to give it to you.
Keep in mind it is difficult to find a job now.
I couldn't even think that he'd want to cheat me.
The company suffered much damage.
Permanent peace is possible, says the reactionary Norman Bentwich, only if the principles of Christianity become the basis of public policy and social life.
Mary waited till the child goes off.
Mary had been waiting till her child fell asleep.
He's a little nuts.
Behave decently, as if you're a well-cultured man.
What curses are the most common in Holland?
I really wish I didn't have to tell you this.
I truly regret having to tell you this.
I saw a cat running after a dog.
I saw a cat chasing a dog.
We must start now.
I've got a feeling that nobody cares about their accent as much as the Russians.
The scientific adviser doesn't share his student's optimism.
The finding of God is coming to one's self.
Man approaches the unattainable truth through a succession of errors.
I'm studying at a classical gymnasium.
Your temper is quick, but the way you speak is terrible.
Ouch! I've pricked myself!
I don't like cookies.
At five o'clock we drink tea.
We have a tea break at five o'clock.
I need a pencil. May I use one of yours?
My religion consists of a humble admiration of the illimitable superior spirit who reveals himself in the slight details we are able to perceive with our frail and feeble mind.
Someone's taken the umbrella.
There are speaking animals in all peoples' folklore.
That's a wonderful forum.
Nevertheless I think the experiment was successful.
I assure you that I'm completely content with my own brain.
You look anxious. What happened?
The peak of Fujiyama was covered with snow.
I want you to read it.
Tom does not know the difference between reality and fantasy.
I think it is not the cause but the consequence.
My father is a little old-fashioned.
Our ways differ.
The rubbish dump stinks.
What rascal dared to break the door to the royal room?
I see you've never slept with a cat.
We have four rabbits, and one of them bites.
I'm here not to look for happiness but to find it.
Every hunter wants to know where the pheasant is.
He looked at her and blushed.
This is a vertical line.
You're dressed too warmly.
I'll give it to you tomorrow.
But that's not the only reason for his arrest.
But that's not the only reason he was busted.
That guy is really a nutjob, don't kick against the pricks.
I'd like to say that I understand it all very well, but this kind of thing can only be understood by someone who has felt it on his own skin.
I was glad to see her.
Not all men are like that.
Not all girls are like that.
Tom sells apples for $and pears for $3.50. If fruits were sold for a total of $1415, how many apples were sold?
He's my biological father.
I just found out that my dad is not my biological father.
We had sex once and his wife found out.
They laughed all the way to the bank.
Do you remember our dates?
Do you remember our meetings?
She felt sad and rejected.
That is the essence of the matter.
He's an expert kisser.
Where's the fun in that?
We accidentally bumped teeth while kissing.
Suddenly, Mary found herself in the middle of a controversy.
Mary's as rough as guts, but she's got a very kind heart.
I was supposed to do a course on how to avoid procrastination, but I kept putting it off.
What's a synonym for the word "synonym"?
Where can I find the key to your heart?
The salad is very salty.
So let me sit next to you, it's pleasant to have a rest together.
The soul of such a man is likely as tender as silk.
It hurt so much I could have screamed, but I gritted my teeth and bravely bore the pain.
When I read the list of ingredients, my stomach turned.
Why did you kiss me in the darkness?
You can stay in a room.
In this world, it's difficult to go on behaving like a human being.
One of the most widespread errors in translating is to translate too literally – word by word.
They threw me to the dogs, the wretches!
She threw me to the dogs, the wretch!
He threw me to the dogs, the wretch!
It's so sad to see Tom begging for money in the streets after he lost all his savings gambling.
In the pet store next to my house, they sell the highest-quality pet food that one can find.
The pet store next to my house sells the best pet food you can get.
They're doing it to me out of spite.
He's doing it to me out of spite.
She's doing it to me out of spite.
I want to hear from you, but only good news.
Someone should inform the police that there's a suspicious object.
You never treat me right!
After an hour of traveling by car, we arrived at the airport.
Excuse me, where's the bathroom?
I don't want to see you anymore.
In the first place, it's too expensive, and in the second place, I don't like it.
I've lived most of my life in the plains where trees and hills are scarce.
They've put the value of the estate at three hundred thousand dollars.
I guess this desk will serve the purpose until we can get a new one.
Isn't it a pity that Tom and Mary can't get along with each other?
Tom's answer shows that he's missed the whole point of the story.
The train stopped at a point halfway between the two stations.
This is a fine car, but the steering wheel has too much play.
Our team made thirty points in the first half of the game.
I'm sure I've met Tom before, but I can't quite place him.
I priced overcoats today, but found I couldn't afford one.
Did you find the plot of the play difficult to understand?
This is one of the principal arguments against your plan.
The teams had just started to play when it began to rain.
The bad weather prevented our ship from arriving on time.
It's so cold here. You'd think we were at the North Pole.
That's an interesting remark, but it's beside the point.
All the members of the club were present at the meeting.
This must be signed in the presence of three witnesses.
The decimal point in this number is in the wrong place.
I wouldn't press the matter any further, if I were you.
Tom plunged into the water and swam to the other side.
How many hours did you put in at the office last week?
What's the name of the piece the orchestra's playing?
Tom has been putting aside a little money each month.
I was asked to sit on the platform with the speakers.
Tom had to climb the pole to fix the telephone wire.
Mary is busy plucking the feathers from the chicken.
Does this please you, or do you want something else?
If you don't keep quiet I'll punch you in the nose.
Tom prides himself on his ability to speak French.
The principal called the teachers into his office.
The play was presented by a group of young actors.
Help yourself. There's plenty more in the kitchen.
We were on the point of leaving when Tom arrived.
There are three printing presses in the workshop.
Pass your plate and I'll give you some more meat.
This publisher has put out some very good books.
The manager offered to show me around the plant.
That was a difficult period in American history.
Tom's point of view is almost the same as mine.
The miner discovered a valuable pocket of gold.
Do as you please. It makes no difference to me.
Can you put up some extra guests for the night?
We started our spring plowing early this year.
These desks will be put up for sale this week.
Please point out the articles you want to buy.
I have a simple plan for getting Tom to agree.
We get our water from a pump in the backyard.
May I have another book in place of this one?
I have a few purchases to make in this store.
I disagree with your argument on every point.
The revolt was put down with little trouble.
That must have taken place while I was away.
The point of this pencil isn't sharp enough.
Pull over and show me your driver's license.
One of the players was hurt during the game.
Nothing can take the place of an old friend.
Did you give Tom a present for his birthday?
This assignment presents many difficulties.
They pursued the enemy as far as the river.
There are two places vacant in the company.
The table can be placed over there for now.
Tom plunged the hot metal into cold water.
Tom plowed the whole field in three hours.
Tom paid the bill and pocketed the change.
Let's put off the decision until tomorrow.
I got a lot of pleasure out of seeing Tom.
I can't put up with this noise any longer.
I can't put any pressure on this foot yet.
What's the purpose of all this commotion?
Tom showed considerable presence of mind.
This play was well received by the press.
Let's all pitch in and get the work done.
How much money do you have in your purse?
Be sure to put it back in the same place.
What's Tom's purpose in going to Boston?
We pledged our support to the candidate.
We had to smoke our meat to preserve it.
The conductor forgot to punch my ticket.
The car pulled up in front of the house.
Mary pretended she was her older sister.
I don't agree with their present policy.
Tom's comments are always to the point.
This building was put up in six months.
It's a pleasure to be able to help you.
I have a pressing engagement elsewhere.
Do you intend to pursue your education?
Do you have a pocketknife I can borrow?
You'd better prepare Tom for the news.
Where do you plan to spend the summer?
Tom makes a point of getting up early.
Tom is too busy to see you at present.
The plane has hit several air pockets.
The new park is the pride of our city.
Press the button and see what happens.
Point out the place you told me about.
I don't have any pity for such a fool.
Give the car a push for me, will you?
When are we going to play their team?
What's the punishment for this crime?
We're trying to prevent forest fires.
Tom plowed his way through the crowd.
This is hardly the place for dancing.
They presented Tom with a gold watch.
The notice was put on the front page.
Somebody should put Tom in his place.
I think Tom has been punished enough.
Don't put yourself out on my account.
Would you care for a drink of punch?
We pleaded with Tom not to go there.
Tom is putting his affairs in order.
They plotted against the government.
Your remarks are out of place here.
You can't put anything over on Tom.
This report presents all the facts.
I was paid well on my previous job.
I dropped the pitcher and it broke.
You need a heavier plow than this.
We have a very small, plain house.
Tom has already been put to death.
This book is ready to go to press.
That'll be enough for the present.
That hotel serves good plain food.
Push the table over by the window.
I left my coat at home on purpose.
Tom's statement is pure nonsense.
Tom broke the point of the knife.
The news put an end to our hopes.
I purchased a new car last year.
I planned the whole thing myself.
Have you ever been up in a plane?
This bowl of soup will be enough.
Where can I get my suit pressed?
We played a good game of tennis.
Tom played a joke on his friend.
Check the pressure of the tires.
Tom plays the violin very well.
Tom is a hard person to please.
Put down your name and address.
What kind of plants are these?
Mary wore a plain white dress.
I have to put the kids to bed.
When did you plant this tree?
Tom wants people to pity him.
Refer to my previous article.
You'd better not plan on it.
We had a pleasant ride home.
Tom played his highest card.
Put your suitcase over here.
Wait till I put on my coat.
They prepared to go abroad.
Put the book back in place.
Let's presume you're right.
Point to the one you mean.
Our dog has been poisoned.
I pretended to be asleep.
They pushed Tom forward.
My watch is gold-plated.
You'll be plenty sorry.
The dress is pure silk.
Put it in your pocket.
They used poison gas.
That's a pretty tune.
Pump up the tire.
You didn't like that game.
He solely offers wholesale.
This summer, I'm going backpacking in South America with some friends.
We're reaching the end of our journey together.
Calm down, all my debts will soon be paid to you.
The story of the Holocaust is an infinitely dark stain on the history of the world.
I am joining the piano competition this February.
It's important to get immunized at the beginning of the winter with an up-to-date vaccine against the flu virus.
Always write legibly.
Cellulose is a carbohydrate.
Christmas Day falls on December 25th every year.
I'm a fan of Britney Spears.
No work is possible without an order.
Stop sending me e-mails about your Facebook status updates!
We've been spinning our wheels for hours.
I won't give in to you no matter what.
Among the participants, President Shimon Peres was conspicuous by his absence.
We'll be glad to see you at our wedding.
They say nitrite is harmful to the colon.
On the one hand, I very much want to help you, but on the other, I already have previous commitments.
Every year, millions of people die of hunger in Africa.
Statistically speaking, flying in a plane is much safer than traveling by car.
From a statistical point of view, a plane flight is much safer than a car trip.
It's the latest model to come out.
It's the newest model there is.
Humans come from apes.
Humans descend from apes.
In most parts of Israel, snow is extremely rare.
When the rain stops, I'll take the dog out for a walk.
The record stands at 254,points.
I'm awfully nervous about everything.
The movie "Pretty Woman" is one of the all-time classics.
Shai, please take the trash down.
The neighbors' son won the spelling bee at school.
The bank fees are killing me.
That's what happens when you start working immediately without preparing beforehand.
I don't remember the last time I had so much fun.
A lot of soldiers died here.
I don't remember the last time I enjoyed myself this much.
I'm much more relaxed driving during the off-peak hours, when the streets are empty.
We'll make a restroom stop at the next gas station.
Day after day, all over the world, millions of people die of hunger in the streets.
You'll be very sorry.
Is that what Tom would really want?
Actually, I've never seen one.
All right, I'll do it.
All we know is that Tom is coming to our office at 2:30.
All you have to do is get there on time.
All you have to do is make a choice.
All you people think about is work.
Anyone would have done the same thing.
Anything you say to Tom, you can say to me.
Apparently, Tom wasn't in Boston long.
Are they all nuts?
Are they going to die?
Are they going to fight?
Are they willing to leave?
Are we all going to die?
Are we all here?
Are we going in circles?
Are we going somewhere now?
Are we going somewhere?
Are we going to be OK?
Are we there yet?
Are you a law student?
Are you about to do it?
Are you afraid of getting hurt?
Are you all mad?
Are you all set?
Are you getting a divorce?
Are you getting all this?
Are you getting divorced?
Are you getting married?
Are you getting nervous?
Are you getting this?
Are you going out tonight?
Are you going outside?
Are you going someplace?
Are you going somewhere with this?
Are you going somewhere?
Are you going to be long?
Are you going to be there for a while?
Are you going to call?
Are you going to do something?
Are you going to eat?
Are you going to go there?
Are you going to the movies?
Are you going to watch?
Are you making this up?
Are you one of Tom's children?
Are you one of Tom's students?
Are you out of your minds?
Are you out of your skull?
Are you out there?
Are you taking the bet?
Are you the one who came to see me?
Are you thinking about me?
Are you up for a promotion?
Are you up for that?
Are you up there?
Aren't you going to ask?
Aren't you going to bed?
Aren't you going to help?
Aren't you going to protest?
Aren't you going to say goodbye?
Aren't you going to say hello?
Aren't you going to sleep?
Aren't you one of Tom's lawyers?
Avoid it at all cost.
Be there at noon.
Before you do that, there is something you need to know.
Believe what you will.
Believe what you wish.
Button up your shirt.
Call it what you like.
Call it what you want.
Call it what you will.
Call us if you think of anything.
Can somebody get Tom a drink?
Can this be all there is?
Can we get some help?
Can we get some more?
Can we get some sleep?
Can we get started?
Can we get you anything?
Can we make it?
Can we make one of those?
Can we take a rain check on that?
Can you do this somewhere else?
Can you get in?
Can you get it to work?
Can you get it?
Can you get permission?
Can you get Tom?
Can you get up to the roof?
Can you get us out of this?
Can you make it stop?
Can you make it work?
Can you make that happen?
Can you make Tom smile?
Can you take our picture?
Can you take over?
Can you take that chance?
Can you take us to Tom?
Can you take your seat, sir?
Can you think of anybody who might be willing to teach my children French?
Can you think of anyone who might be able to help?
Can't we think about this?
Can't you get Tom to stop?
Can't you take a joke?
Check out this necklace.
Check this one out.
Children are so vulnerable.
Clean up a little.
Clean up this mess.
Clear this up for me.
Coffee would be nice.
Come here, all of you.
Come out with us.
Come take a look.
Could someone get the lights?
Could there be a mistake?
Could we take a walk?
Could you get that for me?
Could you get us coffee?
Could you take a look?
Did he know who you were?
Did someone say my name?
Did something go wrong?
Did the timer go off?
Did Tom know that he was doing it the wrong way?
Did Tom know what he was doing was wrong?
Did Tom make it?
Did Tom make you cry?
Did Tom say what he wanted?
Did Tom say where?
Did Tom say who?
Did Tom take anything?
Did we make it?
Did you do this all yourself?
Did you get a haircut?
Did you get a job?
Did you get everything?
Did you get his name?
Did you get lost?
Did you get my flowers?
Did you get my gift?
Did you get my message?
Did you get my messages?
Did you get one of these, too?
Did you get robbed?
Did you get some sleep?
Did you get that?
Did you get the eggs?
Did you get the flowers?
Did you get the loan?
Did you get up early?
Did you get what you wanted?
Did you know about this?
Did you know his name?
Did you know Tom and Mary were cousins?
Did you know Tom had a son?
Did you know Tom was in there?
Did you make a wish?
Did you make dinner?
Did you make the train?
Did you say something to me?
Did you take a shower?
Did you take the money?
Did you think about our offer?
Did you think about that?
Did you think of that?
Did you think you were right?
Dinner's getting cold.
Do we have another one like this?
Do we have one like it?
Do we have to be so formal?
Do we know who he is?
Do what you wish.
Do you do this all the time?
Do you get my point?
Do you know about that?
Do you know about this?
Do you know anything about that?
Do you know how?
Do you know if Tom is alive?
Do you know Mary's boyfriend's name?
Do you know my son?
Do you know Tom's girlfriend's name?
Do you know what it says?
Do you know what it was about?
Do you know what it was?
Do you know what that was all about?
Do you know what Tom is doing?
Do you know what you need?
Do you know when Tom will be back?
Do you know where Tom found the diamond?
Do you know where Tom goes to school?
Do you know where?
Do you know who has the key?
Do you know who it was?
Do you know who lives in that house?
Do you know who said that?
Do you know who that is?
Do you know who that was?
Do you know who Tom is?
Do you know who we are?
Do you know why?
Do you think it helped?
Do you think it'll rain this afternoon?
Do you think Mary is cute?
Do you think that was fair?
Do you think there's a connection?
Do you think they're dead?
Do you think this has something to do with what happened here last week?
Do you think this is a game?
Do you think this is a joke?
Do you think this is funny?
Do you think this is what Tom meant?
Do you think Tom cares?
Do you think Tom has a chance?
Do you think Tom has changed?
Do you think Tom is all right?
Do you think Tom is boring?
Do you think Tom is dangerous?
Do you think Tom is going to do it?
Do you think Tom is good-looking?
Do you think Tom is lying?
Do you think Tom is OK?
Do you think Tom is ready?
Do you think Tom knows what happened?
Do you think Tom knows?
Do you think Tom likes Mary?
Do you think Tom really knows what happened?
Do you think Tom understands?
Do you think Tom was depressed?
Do you think Tom was drunk?
Do you think Tom will be convicted?
Do you think Tom will be here on time?
Do you think Tom will call?
Do you think Tom will ever get married?
Do you think Tom will get the job?
Do you think Tom will win?
Do you think we can do it?
Do you think we're blind?
Do you think you can do it?
Do you think you can do that?
Do you think you can get this open?
Do you think you can help?
Do you think you can manage?
Do you think you can wait?
Do you want to take a break?
Does that about do it?
Does that make it any clearer?
Does that make it clearer?
Does the music have to be so loud?
Does this have something to do with our work?
Does Tom know about this?
Does Tom know Mary is here?
Does Tom know that you're here?
Does Tom know what happened?
Don't take it lightly.
Don't worry. Everything's going to be all right.
Each one is different.
Eventually you'll have to tell Tom.
Every family has one.
Everybody got up to leave.
Everybody knows about that.
Everybody knows who Tom is.
Everybody made it to the wedding.
Everybody was out to get me.
Everyone got up and left.
Everyone has to go sometime.
Everyone I know has one.
Everyone knows our names.
Everyone knows Tom is lying.
Everyone knows who you are.
Everyone's going to be there.
Everything is going to be OK.
Everything is so strange.
Everything Tom said about Mary was true.
Everything was going great.
Everything was going perfectly.
Everything will have to be sterilized.
Everything will have to go.
Everything's going to be great.
Excuse me, but who are you?
Fees are about to go up.
Fill up the tank.
Find out what Tom is carrying.
Find out what Tom knows.
Find out who they are.
Finding Tom isn't going to be easy.
Finding Tom won't be easy.
Forget about it, OK?
Get it out of here.
Get out of my apartment.
Get out of our house.
Get out of the house.
Get out of this car.
Get out of this house.
Get them out of my sight.
Get Tom out of my sight.
Get Tom some water.
Get up out of bed.
Girls say that all the time.
Give it some time.
Give Tom some money.
Give Tom some privacy.
Give Tom some room.
Give Tom some space.
Give Tom some time.
Give us a minute, will you?
Give us a minute, would you?
Give us some help.
Give yourself some time.
Go get some sleep.
Go get some tools.
Hang in there, folks.
Hang on just one moment.
Hang on one second.
Has Tom gone, too?
Have you all gone mad?
Have you been in Boston long?
Have you been out at all?
Have you been with Tom all night?
Have you got something for me?
Have you thought of that?
Here's a good one.
Here's an even better one.
Here's one of my favorites.
Here's what to do.
Here's what we know.
Here's what we want.
Here's what we're going to do.
Hey, where did Tom go?
Hold on just one second.
Hold on one second, please.
Hold on one second.
Hold on. I'll check.
How are we going to get inside?
How are we going to survive?
How are you getting back home?
How are you going to help?
How can that be possible?
How can they do that?
How can this be happening?
How can this help?
How can this not be good?
How can Tom do that?
How can Tom do this?
How can we be of help?
How can we fail?
How can we get in?
How can we wait?
How can you be certain?
How can you be contacted?
How can you be reached?
How can you be so callous?
How can you be so certain?
How can you be so confident?
How can you be so cynical?
How can you be so heartless?
How can you do that?
How can you do this?
How can you forget?
How can you lose?
How can you not remember?
How can you say that to me?
How can you tell?
How did all this start?
How did he know my name?
How did it make you feel?
How did that get up there?
How did that make you feel?
How did they get in here?
How did they get there?
How did Tom get away?
How did Tom get caught?
How did Tom get home?
How did Tom get hurt?
How did Tom get into Mary's office?
How did Tom get it so wrong?
How did Tom get it?
How did Tom get out of jail?
How did Tom get out of prison?
How did Tom get that up there?
How did Tom get there?
How did Tom know about that?
How did Tom know what Mary was going to say?
How did Tom take it?
How did you all get here?
How did you do it so quickly?
How did you get in my room?
How did you get invited?
How did you get it in here?
How did you get our address?
How did you get out of jail?
How did you get so strong?
How did you get that nickname?
How did you get these?
How did you get this job?
How did you get this number?
How did you get this picture?
How did you get this?
How did you get to be so cute?
How did you get to be so cynical?
How did you get to be so strong?
How did you get to be this way?
How did you get up there?
How did you get your job?
How did you know about the bomb?
How did you know about this place?
How did you know all that?
How did you know he wasn't me?
How did you know it was me?
How did you know it was there?
How did you know it was Tom?
How did you know one was missing?
How did you know that man was a cop?
How did you know that would happen?
How did you know Tom and Mary weren't really married?
How did you know Tom had the stolen diamond?
How did you know Tom was going to say that?
How did you know Tom was interested?
How did you know Tom wouldn't be there?
How did you know we were married?
How did you know what to do?
How did you make contact?
How do you know all that stuff?
How do you know all that?
How do you know all these things?
How do you know it'll be terrible?
How do you know my father?
How do you know so much?
How do you know something isn't true?
How do you know that for sure?
How do you know there isn't one?
How do you know Tom didn't do it?
How do you know Tom didn't do what he said he did?
How do you know Tom didn't do what he was supposed to do?
How do you know Tom has a dog?
How do you know Tom isn't lying?
How do you know which one is yours?
How do you think it'll go?
How do you think Tom does it?
How do you think Tom will do it?
How do you think Tom will do?
How do you think we're doing?
How do you think you did on the test?
How does that make sense?
How does Tom make a living?
How is Tom anyhow?
How long's that going to take?
How long's Tom been at your company?
How long's Tom had it?
How will it end?
How will they cope?
How will you escape?
How will you get away?
How will you get back?
How will you get home?
How would that help?
How would that look?
How would Tom know?
How would we do that?
How would you know that?
How would you react?
How can you be so blind?
How're you all doing today?
How's it going at school?
How's that going to help?
How's this going to end?
How's Tom going to do it?
I couldn't take that chance.
I don't have a middle name.
I expect Tom will be back soon.
I expect Tom won't want to do that.
I figured that would be your answer.
I have a whole list of people to call.
I have no choice but to accept your proposals.
I have no idea how this works.
I haven't seen Tom in weeks.
I knew exactly what Tom meant.
I know exactly how much it means to you.
I know exactly what it means.
I know exactly what Tom means.
I know how much it means to you.
I need to go pick up some supplies.
I need to know exactly what happened here yesterday.
I need to know exactly what happened to Tom.
I think we have time for a drink or two.
I thought this would make you happy.
I told you that would work.
I usually try to eat a healthy lunch.
I was thinking about going to Boston next month.
I'll get there somehow.
I'm in the middle of a meeting. Could I call you back later?
I've already seen one.
I've been there myself.
I've got a better one.
If this problem weren't serious, Tom wouldn't be here.
If Tom didn't think we needed help, he wouldn't be here.
If Tom doesn't do it, who will?
If we do that, everything's going to be all right.
If you were Tom, what would you do?
If you were Tom, what would you want?
If you were Tom, which would you choose?
If you wish, I'll ask.
In time, you will understand.
Is it all there?
Is it going to be bad?
Is it going to happen?
Is it time to eat?
Is it time to go?
Is it time to leave?
Is my time up?
Is that about right?
Is that all clear?
Is that all it is?
Is that all it says?
Is that all it takes?
Is that all it would take?
Is that all of them?
Is that all there is?
Is that all Tom does?
Is that all you've got?
Is that going to be awkward?
Is that going to be OK?
Is that one of ours?
Is that so complicated?
Is that so strange?
Is that so surprising?
Is that so unreasonable?
Is that Tom's bedroom?
Is that what it takes?
Is that what people do?
Is that what this is all about?
Is that what Tom says?
Is that what you feel?
Is that what you said?
Is that what you think of me?
Is that what you think we should do?
Is that what you were thinking?
Is that what you would do?
Is there a connection?
Is there a message?
Is there a pattern?
Is there a reward?
Is there a treatment?
Is there any objection?
Is there room for one more?
Is there something else?
Is there something more?
Is there something that you want?
Is there somewhere we can go?
Is there somewhere we can talk?
Is there time now?
Is this about me?
Is this all of them?
Is this all there is?
Is this all they do?
Is this going to hurt?
Is this going to take a while?
Is this going to work?
Is this one of your creations?
Is this something special?
Is this the one you saw?
Is Tom about to sing?
Is Tom an eyewitness?
Is Tom going to be all right?
Is Tom going to be here?
Is Tom going to do it or not?
Is Tom good-looking?
Is Tom in the hospital?
Is Tom out of his mind?
Is Tom taking it easy?
Isn't it time for lunch?
Isn't it time for you to leave?
Isn't that what you said?
Isn't that what you think happened?
Isn't that what you would have done?
Isn't there something you could do?
It all makes sense.
It can be repaired.
It does make a difference.
It doesn't have to make sense.
It goes on forever.
It isn't about that.
It isn't at all clear.
It made Tom bitter.
It made Tom happy.
It made Tom sad.
It must've been someone else.
It takes time to get to know Tom.
It took us a while, but we finally finished the job.
It was about money.
It was all going so well.
It was all Tom's idea.
It was all your imagination.
It was going to be a surprise.
It was just one of those things.
It was one of those things.
It was so embarrassing.
It was so obvious.
It was so romantic.
It was something else.
It was there all the time.
It was there for the taking.
It was there yesterday.
It was time for a change.
It was Tom's wish.
It was you all along, wasn't it?
It wasn't about money.
It wasn't about that.
It wasn't made of wood.
It wasn't so difficult.
It wasn't there before.
It won't be possible.
It would be a mistake.
It would be confusing.
It would be dangerous.
It would be different.
It would be difficult.
It would be illogical.
It would be pointless.
It would be possible.
It would be romantic.
It would've been so easy.
It wouldn't be fair.
It wouldn't have mattered.
It'll be done.
It'll take about an hour.
It'll take some time.
It'll take us hours to finish this.
It'll take you days to finish this job.
It's a good one.
It's a real good one.
It's all been a waste.
It's all been written.
It's all for the best.
It's all going to be all right.
It's all going to be fine.
It's all in the file.
It's all in the report.
It's all in the room.
It's all in this file.
It's all so different.
It's all so hopeless.
It's all so senseless.
It's all that matters.
It's all Tom can do not to cry.
It's all we have.
It's all work-related.
It's all you can do for now.
It's been getting worse.
It's been going on for months.
It's been in there for a week.
It's been known to happen.
It's been one of those days.
It's been so long.
It's been there a while.
It's done all the time.
It's getting darker.
It's going to be amazing.
It's going to be beautiful.
It's going to be brutal.
It's going to be close.
It's going to be closed.
It's going to be easy.
It's going to be embarrassing.
It's going to be fine, you know.
It's going to be good.
It's going to be huge.
It's going to be OK.
It's going to be packed.
It's going to be painful.
It's going to be perfect.
It's going to be tight.
It's going to be weird.
It's going to collapse.
It's going to explode.
It's going to get worse.
It's going to take a while.
It's going to take about an hour.
It's going to take all day.
It's going to take some time.
It's got to be a mistake.
It's in there somewhere.
It's like one of those.
It's not about money.
It's not about that.
It's not about the money, is it?
It's not about them.
It's not all bad.
It's not all that great.
It's not all that ridiculous.
It's not easy, but we're going to do it anyway.
It's not going anywhere.
It's not going to be long.
It's not going to be that bad.
It's not going to be that easy.
It's not going to be the same.
It's not going to happen.
It's not going to take long.
It's not going to work, is it?
It's not going to work, you know.
It's not going to work.
It's not going well, is it?
It's not like everyone doesn't have one.
It's not so bad.
It's not so cheap.
It's not so easy.
It's not so good.
It's not so hard.
It's not so little.
It's not so unusual.
It's not something you forget.
It's not there anymore.
It's not there now.
It's not Tom Mary has been protecting.
It's not up to you.
It's not what we thought it was.
It's one of mine.
It's one of our rules.
It's out of my hands.
It's out of our hands.
It's right there on your desk.
It's somebody else's turn.
It's something I've considered.
It's somewhere in this room.
It's that time again.
It's the other one.
It's the same one.
It's time for a change.
It's time for action.
It's time for cake.
It's time for my break.
It's time for pizza.
It's time for you to go home.
It's time to decide.
It's time to get going.
It's time to get ready.
It's time to go now.
It's time to have some fun.
It's time to make a decision.
It's time to make some changes.
It's time to rest.
It's time we had a talk.
It's time we left.
It's time you took my advice.
It's totally up to you.
It's up one floor.
It's up to them now.
It's up to us.
It's up to you and me.
It's up to you now.
It's up to you, Tom.
It's what I've got to do.
It's what you wanted, isn't it?
It's you who are confused.
Just do me one favor.
Just get out of here, OK?
Just get out of my way.
Just get out of there.
Just make this stop.
Just one moment, please.
Just one more, please.
Just take it easy, OK?
Just take it slow.
Just take it slowly.
Just take my hand.
Just take your pick.
Just take your time.
Keep out of this.
Keep Tom out of here.
Keep Tom out of trouble.
Learn what you can learn.
Learn what you can.
Let go of my son.
Let me out of here.
Let them win one.
Let these people go.
Let us know what you decide.
Let's get the other one.
Let's get this started.
Let's not fight, OK?
Let's see you talk your way out of this one.
Let's take a chance.
Let's talk about it later.
Let's talk about what we're going to do about it.
Let's think of something to do.
Let's get you to the hospital.
Listen to me, all of you.
Look at all these flowers.
Look at that one there.
Look out for yourself.
Look what we have here.
Lunch would be great.
Make Tom go away.
Mary is a lovely woman.
Mary is my wife's middle name.
Maybe I'll do that.
Maybe I'll have to wait.
Maybe that was the last one.
Maybe Tom isn't the one who's lying.
Maybe we can buy Tom a new one.
Maybe we can help.
Maybe we won't have to wait.
Maybe we'll get lucky.
Maybe you can help.
Men are all the same.
Mistakes are made all the time.
Move over, will you?
My car's out back.
My middle name is Tom.
My parents aren't going to be there.
My time has come.
My vision's getting worse.
Neither one of them are here.
Neither one of them disagrees.
No one can be that disgusting.
No one can do anything.
No one can have it all.
No one can help.
No one can leave.
No one can say anything.
No one can say.
No one can see.
No one had seen anything.
No one has an answer.
No one has an explanation.
No one has anything.
No one has been murdered.
No one has said a word.
No one has that right.
No one has the answer.
No one is doing anything.
No one is expendable.
No one is going to die.
No one is going to understand you.
No one is going with me.
No one is home.
No one is innocent.
No one is invulnerable.
No one is that lucky.
No one is there.
No one is thrilled.
No one is to leave.
No one knew who he was.
No one knows anything.
No one knows that.
No one knows we're here.
No one said it was a diamond.
No one saw a thing.
No one saw me.
No one saw that.
No one was helping.
No one was with me.
No one will be hurt.
No one will help us.
No one will listen to me.
No one will see us.
Nobody can be that lucky.
Nobody cares about this except you.
Nobody's going to die.
Nobody's going to jail.
None of this would've happened if we'd been more careful.
Nothing can be done.
Nothing can go wrong.
Nothing is going on.
Nothing will be the same.
Nothing's going to go wrong.
Nothing's out of order.
Now get out of my hair.
Now get out of my room.
Now get out of my way.
Now get us out of here.
Now go on inside.
Now is not the time for explanations.
Now we can be together.
Now we can go.
Now we'll have some fun.
Now we're getting somewhere.
Now what do we do?
Obviously, there's to be some kind of mistake.
Open this, will you?
People are getting killed.
People are getting scared.
People are going to die.
People can be so rude.
People will be suspicious.
Perhaps that would be possible.
Perhaps there has been some mistake.
Perhaps Tom knows who did it.
Perhaps we can help.
Perhaps you should get one.
Perhaps you should've gotten a bigger one.
Pick up the gun.
Pick up the knife.
Pick up the phone.
Please be ready in fifteen minutes.
Please get out of my house.
Please get out of the kitchen.
Please get out of the pool.
Please get out.
Please make it stop.
Please take the job.
Please take your seat, sir.
Please take your seats.
Please take your time.
Praying for Tom is all you can do.
Pull up a chair.
Pull up to the curb.
Put on some music.
Put that one back.
Relax, will you?
Roll up your sleeve, please.
Roll up your sleeves.
Save a piece of cake for me.
Say what is in your heart.
Say what you have to say.
Scream all you want. No one will hear you.
See what Tom has to say about all this.
See what you can do with it.
See what you can find.
Should we get a table?
Should we get started?
Should we go someplace?
Should you be out of bed?
Shouldn't we be talking about what happened?
Shouldn't we do something about it?
Shouldn't we get our stuff?
Shouldn't we get started?
Shouldn't we leave?
Shouldn't we try to help?
Shouldn't you be at school now?
Shouldn't you be in bed?
Shut up and do it.
Shut up, will you?
Slow down, will you?
So, what are we going to do?
So, what are you up to tonight?
So, what do we do in the meantime?
So, what do you think of it?
So, what do you think?
So, will you go out with me?
Some of you won't make it.
Somebody is or was here.
Somebody's going to pay.
Somebody's got to do it.
Somebody's got to do something.
Someday, we'll know.
Somehow, Tom knew.
Someone is going to get hurt.
Someone is going to notice.
Someone's been here recently.
Something has gone wrong.
Something will have to be done.
Soon, we'll know why.
Spend some time with me.
Stand up for yourself.
Stay out of my business.
Stay out of my kitchen.
Stay out of this, Tom.
Take it somewhere else.
Take over, will you?
Take some time off.
Take that one there.
Take the next bus.
Take the next one.
Take them all to my office.
Take Tom out of here.
Take your time with it.
Talking to Tom isn't going to help.
Tell him who you are.
Tell them they're going to have to wait.
Tell Tom he's going to have to wait.
Tell Tom he's going to have to work late today.
Tell Tom I'll do it.
Tell Tom it was all your fault.
Tell us about them.
Tell us about your brother.
Tell us all about it.
Tell us all the gossip.
Tell us something we don't know.
Thank you all for your attention.
Thank you for all of your work.
Thank you for all your help.
Thank you one and all.
Thanks for your help on this one.
Thanks to all of you.
That all makes sense.
That can be arranged.
That isn't going to happen.
That isn't going to help.
That makes a big difference, doesn't it?
That makes a difference, doesn't it?
That makes it easier.
That makes it harder.
That may have been the last one.
That probably wouldn't be appropriate.
That probably wouldn't be considered appropriate.
That probably wouldn't be the right thing to do.
That was a good one.
That was so amazing.
That was so awesome.
That was so creepy.
That was so funny.
That was so good.
That was Tom's choice.
That was Tom's cousin.
That wasn't one of the choices.
That wasn't so bad.
That wasn't so difficult, was it?
That wasn't so hard, was it?
That wasn't there before.
That wasn't there this morning.
That will be all.
That will not be difficult.
That will not be necessary.
That will not be permitted.
That will not be possible.
That will not change.
That will not do.
That will take hours.
That would be a challenge.
That would be a change.
That would be a pity.
That would be a relief.
That would be a shame.
That would be a tragedy.
That would be acceptable.
That would be advisable.
That would be all right.
That would be amazing.
That would be an improvement.
That would be an understatement.
That would be awesome.
That would be awkward.
That would be best.
That would be different.
That would be disastrous.
That would be embarrassing.
That would be exciting.
That would be fair.
That would be fun.
That would be good.
That would be gross.
That would be hard.
That would be helpful.
That would be ideal.
That would be illegal, right?
That would be insane.
That would be interesting.
That would be logical.
That would be lovely, wouldn't it?
That would be nice, don't you think?
That would be nice, wouldn't it?
That would be nonsense.
That would be one reason.
That would be one theory.
That would be relevant.
That would be rude.
That would be satisfactory.
That would be so awkward.
That would be something.
That would be suicidal.
That would be treason.
That would be uncomfortable.
That would be unethical.
That would be unfortunate.
That would be unlikely.
That would be unprofessional.
That would be unreasonable.
That would be unusual.
That would be weird.
That would be wonderful.
That would be wrong.
That would do the trick.
That would make all the difference in the world.
That would make all the difference.
That would make sense.
That would not be appropriate.
That would not be easy.
That would not be wise.
That would take hours.
That would take time.
That would've been awesome.
That would've been awful.
That would've been hilarious.
That would've been nice.
That would've been smart.
That would've been the right thing to do.
That would've been the smart thing to do.
That wouldn't be appropriate.
That wouldn't be good.
That wouldn't be practical.
That wouldn't be wise.
That'll be difficult.
That'll take some time.
That's a very interesting one.
That's all I'll say.
That's all in the past.
That's all it takes sometimes.
That's all that happened.
That's all that matters.
That's all there is to it.
That's all there is.
That's all there was to it.
That's all there was.
That's all Tom had to do.
That's all Tom has to say.
That's all Tom needed.
That's all Tom said.
That's all Tom wanted.
That's all Tom wants.
That's all we can ask.
That's all we do here.
That's all we know about Tom.
That's all we're offering.
That's all you can do.
That's all you have to do.
That's exactly what I need.
That's exactly what Tom needs.
That's exactly what we need.
That's going to be difficult.
That's going to be tough.
That's going to take forever.
That's going to take time.
That's got to be painful.
That's got to be uncomfortable.
That's got to make a difference.
That's not exactly a top priority.
That's not going to be all that difficult.
That's not going to be easy.
That's not going to be enough.
That's not going to be fun.
That's not going to work, is it?
That's not going to work.
That's not so bad.
That's not so good.
That's not so long.
That's not so many.
That's not something you forget.
That's not what it means.
That's not what that means.
That's not what that was.
That's not what they're after.
That's not what this is about.
That's not what we did.
That's one of mine.
That's one of my concerns.
That's one of my favorites.
That's one of our rules.
That's one of ours.
That's one of the reasons.
That's one of them.
That's possible, but it will take time.
That's the best one.
That's the going rate.
That's the last one.
That's the one we want.
That's up to Tom.
That's up to you.
That's what all this is about, isn't it?
That's what I need.
That's what I'll do.
That's what I've been avoiding.
That's what I've been doing.
That's what I've been saying.
That's what I've ordered.
That's what it said in the paper.
That's what makes it so difficult.
That's what makes it so interesting.
That's what makes this so difficult.
That's what makes you so special.
That's what matters, right?
That's what this is all about, isn't it?
That's what Tom was hiding.
That's what we all thought.
That's what we do best.
That's what we do here.
That's what we have to discuss.
That's what we need to do.
That's what we need.
That's what we think.
That's what we want, isn't it?
That's what we were thinking.
That's what we're hoping.
That's what will happen.
That's what you all say.
That's what you do best, isn't it?
That's what you do best.
That's what you promised.
That's what you said yesterday.
That's what you want, isn't it?
That's what you wanted, wasn't it?
That's what you would think.
That's what's going on.
The cat's out of the bag.
The game's about to begin.
The meeting's about to start.
The plan would've worked, if you hadn't interfered.
The pleasure's all mine.
The police seem to know exactly where we are.
The project is not going well.
The world's gone crazy.
There are people out there.
There goes your ride.
There has got to be an explanation.
There has to be something here.
There is one catch.
There is one possibility.
There is one solution.
There is someone here.
There is something else.
There is something here.
There is something more.
There is something we can do.
There is something wrong.
There isn't going to be a change.
There isn't going to be an investigation.
There isn't time for that.
There isn't time to do that.
There isn't time to explain.
There was another one.
There was more than one.
There was one witness.
There was something else.
There was something in the air.
There will be an investigation.
There will be difficulties.
There'll be plenty of time for that later.
There's been some trouble.
There's going to be a storm.
There's going to be an investigation.
There's got to be an answer.
There's not going to be a party.
There's not going to be a wedding.
There's nothing you can do about that.
There's only one place Tom could've gone.
There's only room for one of us.
There's only room for one.
There's somebody in there.
There's somebody out there.
There's someone I've got to see.
There's someone in the backyard.
There's someone in the basement.
There's someone in there.
There's someone out there.
There's someone up there.
There's something for you on your desk.
There's something for you to do.
There's something going around.
There's something going on, isn't there?
There's something in there.
There's something on your back.
There's something on your neck.
There's something we have to do.
These people are our guests.
They don't have one.
They were in perfect health.
They'll never reach us in time.
They're not going to stop.
They're the perfect family.
They've been there for a while.
Things are about to get wild.
Things are getting ugly.
Things are getting worse.
Things will be fine.
Think about it, OK?
Think about the ones you love.
Think about your life.
This antique clock is in nearly perfect condition.
This has all been a misunderstanding.
This has been going on for a week.
This has got to stop.
This has to be the last one.
This is all a conspiracy.
This is all a mistake.
This is all a misunderstanding.
This is all hypothetical.
This is all so complicated.
This is all so strange.
This is all Tom's fault.
This is all wrong.
This is getting awkward.
This is getting complicated.
This is getting crazy.
This is getting creepy.
This is getting difficult.
This is getting embarrassing.
This is getting interesting.
This is getting old.
This is getting on my nerves.
This is getting ridiculous.
This is getting serious.
This is getting tiresome.
This is getting us nowhere.
This is getting weirder.
This is getting worse.
This is going nowhere.
This is going perfectly.
This is going splendidly.
This is going to be awesome.
This is going to be exciting.
This is going to be fabulous.
This is going to be fantastic.
This is going to be fine.
This is going to be fun.
This is going to be good.
This is going to be great.
This is going to be interesting.
This is going to be long.
This is going to be messy.
This is going to be spectacular.
This is going to get interesting.
This is going to get ugly.
This is going to happen.
This is going to hurt.
This is going to take a moment.
This is going to take some time to explain.
This is interesting to no one.
This is not a time for celebration.
This is not going to be easy.
This is not going to work.
This is not going well.
This is not so bad.
This is not what Tom needs.
This is one for the books.
This is one of mine.
This is one of those days.
This is one of those times.
This is out of my control.
This is so annoying.
This is so bizarre.
This is so cool.
This is so crazy.
This is so easy.
This is so exciting.
This is so frustrating.
This is so humiliating.
This is so pathetic.
This is so ridiculous.
This is so romantic.
This is so typical.
This is so weird, isn't it?
This is something different.
This is something you can fix.
This is the best one.
This is the big one.
This is the free one.
This is the last one.
This is what Tom feared.
This is what Tom wants.
This is what we're up against.
This is your one chance.
This isn't about me.
This isn't about that.
This isn't about them.
This isn't about Tom.
This isn't getting us anywhere.
This isn't going to be easy.
This isn't going to be good.
This isn't going to work, you know.
This isn't what Tom expected.
This isn't what we planned.
This makes it official.
This one is clean.
This one is different.
This one is empty.
This one is special.
This one is Tom's.
This one wasn't your mistake.
This one will be fine.
This prisoner's not to be trusted.
This time you were lucky.
This time's going to be different.
This was all a misunderstanding.
This was in Tom's safe.
This will be fun.
This will do nicely.
This will get interesting.
This will have to be replaced.
This will have to do.
This will take some time to explain.
This will take some time.
Tom and Mary really are perfect for each other.
Tom and Mary seem to be in the middle of a discussion.
Tom and Mary seem to be in the middle of a fight.
Tom became increasingly agitated.
Tom became irritated.
Tom breaks more promises than he keeps.
Tom closed his eyes tightly.
Tom doesn't know exactly how much it'll cost.
Tom doesn't know how much it'll cost.
Tom entered the bedroom quietly.
Tom entered the building unnoticed.
Tom entered the house through the front door.
Tom entered the room carrying a briefcase.
Tom got his notebook and pen ready.
Tom had a perfect record.
Tom had several bags of gold dust in the trunk of his car.
Tom hanged himself in jail.
Tom hanged himself last night.
Tom has a law degree.
Tom has no choice but to join them.
Tom has no health problems that I know of.
Tom has probably gone for a walk.
Tom has this exact same coat.
Tom is a law student.
Tom is a normal, healthy little boy.
Tom is a public defender.
Tom is a public official.
Tom is about my age.
Tom is active in local politics.
Tom is clever and ambitious.
Tom is completely incompetent.
Tom is exactly the same height as Mary.
Tom is fresh out of law school.
Tom is going to law school.
Tom is healthy.
Tom is in perfect condition.
Tom is in the middle of something.
Tom is more likely to help than Mary is.
Tom is not exactly the 9-to-type.
Tom is one of our best detectives.
Tom is one of our best singers.
Tom is one of our best workers.
Tom is perfect for you.
Tom is up next.
Tom knew exactly how Mary felt.
Tom knew exactly what he was doing.
Tom knew exactly what to say.
Tom knew he was being insulted.
Tom knew what to say.
Tom knew what was in Mary's suitcase.
Tom knows exactly how much it'll cost.
Tom knows exactly what it is.
Tom knows exactly what Mary means.
Tom knows exactly where it is.
Tom knows how much it'll cost.
Tom knows what it's about.
Tom knows what you need.
Tom left in the middle of the night.
Tom measured the windows for new drapes.
Tom offered Mary and John some potato chips.
Tom promised Mary he would do what she asked.
Tom promised that it wouldn't happen again.
Tom pulled a small notebook from his pocket.
Tom pulled out a notebook and pen.
Tom pulled out his notebook and pencil.
Tom put his notebook away.
Tom quietly entered the baby's room.
Tom reached for his drink.
Tom reached for the book, but it was out of reach.
Tom reached into his bag and pulled out a book.
Tom reached into his pocket and pulled out his wallet.
Tom reached into the fridge and pulled out a bottle of beer.
Tom ripped up the note.
Tom said he was going hunting.
Tom said it was all perfectly normal, but it isn't.
Tom says that he usually makes three hundred dollars an hour.
Tom says that he usually makes three hundred dollars per hour.
Tom seemed to know exactly what he was doing.
Tom seems to be in charge.
Tom seems to be in no mood to participate.
Tom seems to be in no mood to talk.
Tom seems to know exactly what he's doing.
Tom took out his notebook and started writing.
Tom was a potato farmer.
Tom was a public servant.
Tom was absolutely quiet.
Tom was dressed completely in black.
Tom was in a better mood an hour ago.
Tom was standing in the middle of the room.
Tom was very scared.
Tom will have no choice but to agree.
Tom will know something's wrong.
Tom, can you take over?
Tom's car is parked in the middle of the road.
Tom's house was completely destroyed.
Tom's medication's not in the bathroom.
Tom's not exactly my favorite person.
Tom's prints were on the gun.
Tomorrow will be perfect.
Tonight is going to be awesome.
Tonight would be better.
Tonight's going to be fun.
Tonight's going to be perfect.
Try and get some sleep.
Try some of this.
Try to think of something else.
Unfortunately, I'll have to pass.
Use the small one.
Wait a minute, will you?
Wait just one minute.
Wait there for me.
Wait till Tom gets here.
Was that so bad?
Was that so hard?
Was there a fight?
Was there a fire?
Was there a malfunction?
Was there a note?
Was there a reason?
Was there a scandal?
Was there a time limit?
Was there an earthquake?
Was there an investigation?
Was Tom a nurse?
Was Tom an addict?
Was Tom on drugs?
Was Tom with you?
We can't all be perfect.
We do have one advantage.
We have to protect each other.
We need to protect ourselves.
We want a complete evaluation.
We'll all be together.
We'll protect each other.
We're all Canadians here except Tom.
We're going to have to do something about that.
We're in the middle of a crisis.
We're in the middle of nowhere.
We're kind of in the middle of something here.
We're not exactly sure.
We're not going in there.
We're perfect for each other.
We've always protected you.
We've met once before.
Well, what are we going to do?
Were you intoxicated?
Were you one of them?
Were you thinking about me?
What a lovely surprise!
What are they going to do to me?
What are they going to do to us?
What are they going to do?
What are they up to?
What are we doing out here?
What are we going to do about that?
What are we going to do for food?
What are we going to do next?
What are we going to do now?
What are we going to do this summer?
What are we going to do today?
What are we going to do with it?
What are we going to do with that?
What are we going to do with Tom?
What are you all doing here?
What are you all doing in here?
What are you all doing?
What are you doing up so early?
What are you doing up so late?
What are you going to be doing with that?
What are you going to do about that?
What are you going to do about them?
What are you going to do about this?
What are you going to do for Tom?
What are you going to do later?
What are you going to do there?
What are you going to do to me?
What are you going to do with it anyway?
What are you going to do with that knife?
What are you going to do with that?
What are you going to do with the money?
What are you going to do with them?
What are you going to do with those?
What are you going to get Tom for his birthday?
What are you going to get?
What are you going to make for dinner?
What are you going to make?
What are you going to say to Tom?
What are you going to say?
What are you people thinking?
What are you thinking now?
What are you up to now?
What are you up to these days?
What are your thoughts on that?
What are your thoughts on this matter?
What can all that mean?
What can they do to us?
What can they do?
What can Tom say?
What can we do for Tom?
What can we do for you?
What can we do to help?
What can we do?
What can we expect?
What can you do for me?
What can you do for Tom?
What can you do now?
What can you do with those?
What can you offer?
What can you say?
What can you see?
What did Tom do with the gun?
What did Tom forget?
What did Tom make you do?
What did we get from them?
What did you bring?
What did you do next?
What did you do to get expelled from school?
What did you get exactly?
What did you get from Tom?
What did you make of that?
What did you think had happened?
What did you think it was going to be?
What did you think of my speech?
What did you think of the concert?
What did you think of the movie?
What did you think of the show?
What did you think of the speech?
What did you think of the wedding?
What did you think of Tom?
What did you think would happen?
What did you think you were doing?
What do they think it said?
What do you think of the way Tom has been behaving lately?
What do we do when that happens?
What do we do with it?
What do you do with your money?
What do you have here?
What do you have so far?
What do you have to say about that?
What do you have up your sleeve?
What do you know about all this?
What do you know about cloning?
What do you know about it?
What do you know about that?
What do you know about them?
What do you know about this place?
What do you know about zombies?
What do you know so far?
What do you make of that?
What do you think happened?
What do you think I'll do then?
What do you think is going on?
What do you think it means?
What do you think it says?
What do you think it was all about?
What do you think it was for?
What do you think it was?
What do you think of me?
What do you think of our collection?
What do you think of the song I just sang for you?
What do you think of these?
What do you think of this shirt?
What do you think of this tie?
What do you think of this?
What do you think that is?
What do you think that means?
What do you think that meant?
What do you think that was about?
What do you think that was all about?
What do you think they are?
What do you think they want to do tomorrow evening?
What do you think they want to do?
What do you think they want to eat?
What do you think they want to see?
What do you think they want?
What do you think they were doing all morning?
What do you think they were doing?
What do you think they'll do this afternoon?
What do you think they'll do to me?
What do you think they'll do to Tom?
What do you think they'll do?
What do you think they're planning to do with all that money?
What do you think they're planning?
What do you think Tom did with it?
What do you think Tom did with the money he stole?
What do you think Tom did wrong?
What do you think Tom is doing?
What do you think Tom is up to?
What do you think Tom means?
What do you think Tom wants?
What do you think Tom was up to?
What do you think Tom will do?
What do you think Tom would've said?
What do you think went wrong?
What does Tom think he's doing?
What has that got to do with anything?
What has this got to do with it?
What has Tom said?
What has Tom seen?
What have we got here?
What have we got to lose?
What have we gotten ourselves into?
What have you done so far?
What have you got so far?
What have you got there?
What if Tom doesn't make it?
What is all that stuff?
What is all that?
What is all this stuff?
What is Tom to you?
What made you sad?
What made you so sure?
What made you think that?
What makes it so unique?
What makes this one special?
What makes this so different?
What makes Tom so special?
What makes us special?
What makes you so special?
What makes you so sure?
What makes you special?
What makes you think that we would be interested?
What makes you think that'll work?
What makes you think Tom can do this?
What makes you think Tom did that?
What makes you think Tom is here?
What makes you think Tom will like this?
What makes you think Tom will listen?
What makes you think Tom won't come?
What makes you think we haven't done that already?
What makes you think you can do it now?
What time are tryouts?
What time did you get in?
What time did you get up?
What time does that contest start?
What time is it anyway?
What time is lunch?
What time is Tom getting here?
What time will you be home?
What was all this about?
What was going on in there?
What was it you were going to say?
What was so valuable?
What was that all about?
What was this all about?
What was Tom doing up there anyway?
What were you doing there anyway?
What were you doing up there?
What were you thinking of?
What will that accomplish?
What will they do with Tom?
What will they think of next?
What would be the point?
What would they do?
What would Tom know?
What would Tom need?
What would you change?
What would you choose?
What would you do now?
What would you have done?
What would you have Tom do?
What would you say then?
What would you say?
What you did took courage.
What you did took guts.
What you do with it is up to you.
What you do with them is up to you.
What, in particular, did Tom not like?
What'll they do when they get there?
What'll Tom do when he gets to Boston?
What'll you be doing?
What'll you do next?
What'll you do there?
What'll you do?
What're we up to now?
What're you all doing in the library?
What're you doing by yourself?
What're you doing out here?
What're you doing up here?
What're you going to do now?
What're you going to do with all this?
What're you going to do with that?
What're you going to do?
What're you going to say?
What're you talking about?
What're you up to now?
What're you up to today?
What're you up to?
What're your plans?
What's all the excitement?
What's all the hurry?
What's all this about?
What's going on anyway?
What's going on in there?
What's going on now?
What's going on out there?
What's going on outside?
What's going on there?
What's going on today?
What's going on tonight?
What's going on with Tom?
What's going on with you and Tom?
What's going on with you two?
What's got you so bothered?
What's it going to be like?
What's that all about?
What's that going to prove?
What's that got to do with me?
What's that got to do with this?
What's that got to do with us?
What's the upside to that?
What's there to explain?
What's this got to do with me?
What's Tom doing in the basement?
What's Tom doing out there?
What's Tom doing there by himself?
What's Tom going to do now?
What's Tom going to do with it?
What's Tom going to do?
What's Tom going to find?
What's Tom got you doing this time?
What's Tom up to?
What's up with you today?
What's with all the books?
What's with all the boxes?
What's your complaint?
What's your philosophy?
What's your proposal?
What've you been doing all this time?
What've you got for me?
What've you got for us?
When are you getting married?
When are you going to be back?
When are you going to be done?
When are you going to come?
When did all this happen?
When did all this start?
When did it get so complicated?
When did you get a dog?
When did you get so smart?
When did you have time to do all this?
When did you make this decision?
When do we get started?
When do we get to do something for ourselves?
When do you think it'll be done?
When does Tom get here?
When the time's right, you'll know.
When will it end?
When will it happen?
When will it stop?
When will that be?
When will that change?
When will Tom be back?
When will Tom be here?
When will Tom get here?
When will we go?
When will you be going?
When will you begin?
When will you go?
When will you know more?
When would be best?
When's that going to happen?
Where are all our suitcases?
Where are they going to go?
Where are they taking you?
Where are we getting the money?
Where are we going anyway?
Where're we going for dinner?
Where are we going now?
Where are you all going?
Where are you going anyway?
Where are you going now?
Where are you going on your honeymoon?
Where are you going to be?
Where are you going to live?
Where are you going to sleep?
Where are you going with this?
Where are you going with those?
Where are you taking Tom?
Where can they be?
Where can Tom be?
Where can we go?
Where did the time go?
Where did they get all this?
Where did they get that?
Where did they take Tom?
Where did this one come from?
Where did Tom get that?
Where did Tom point?
Where did Tom take Mary?
Where did Tom take you?
Where did you get all these?
Where did you get all this information?
Where did you get on the train?
Where did you get that document?
Where did you get that idea?
Where did you get that scar?
Where did you get that thing?
Where did you get that water?
Where did you get the eggs?
Where did you get the money?
Where did you get these clothes?
Where did you get these pictures?
Where did you get these?
Where did you get this coat?
Where did you get this information?
Where did you get this key?
Where did you get this phone?
Where did you get this ring?
Where did you get those jeans?
Where did you get those keys?
Where did you get those?
Where did you get your degree?
Where do you think it is?
Where do you think Tom got it?
Where do you think Tom was?
Where do you think Tom went?
Where do you think we are?
Where does Tom shop?
Where does Tom stay?
Where have you been all week?
Where is Tom anyway?
Where is Tom buried?
Where is Tom going to go?
Where were they when this all happened?
Where were you all night?
Where were you at the time of the fire?
Where were you going to go?
Where were you when all this happened?
Where will we go?
Where will you stay?
Where would Tom go now?
Where would you be if you were Tom?
Where would you go?
Where would you start?
Where's my timecard?
Where's this going to end?
Where've you been all afternoon?
Which one did you pick?
Which one do we burn?
Which one do you like best?
Which one do you like?
Which one is ours?
Which one is real?
Which one is the best?
Which one of them was it?
Which one of us do you like best?
Which one of you is the oldest?
Which one of you two is in charge?
Which one was it?
Which one will it be?
Which one would you prefer?
Which would Tom choose?
Who all knows about this?
Who are those men?
Who are you and what are you up to?
Who are you going out with?
Who are you going to believe?
Who are you going to see?
Who are you there with?
Who did you make these for?
Who did you think it was?
Who did you think we were?
Who do they think it is?
Who do they think they are?
Who do you think is going to do that?
Who do you think it is?
Who do you think it was?
Who do you think they are?
Who do you think they were?
Who do you think Tom will suggest?
Who does Tom know?
Who does Tom think he is?
Who have you got so far?
Who is out there?
Who is your mother?
Who knows so far?
Who knows Tom is here?
Who knows what that is?
Who knows you have this?
Who said we were going to die?
Who says Tom knew?
Who was there that night?
Who were you there with?
Who would do that?
Who would do this?
Who would know that?
Who's going to know?
Who's got the tickets?
Who's in there now?
Who's in there with you?
Who's making the decisions?
Who's there with you?
Why are there three?
Why are they so afraid?
Why are they so upset?
Why are we going to Australia?
Why are we going to Boston?
Why are you being so difficult?
Why are you being so reluctant?
Why are you being so stubborn?
Why are you getting so upset?
Why are you going there?
Why are you out here?
Why are you out of breath?
Why are you so anxious?
Why are you so certain?
Why are you so concerned?
Why are you so defensive?
Why are you so jumpy?
Why are you so popular?
Why are you so surprised?
Why are you so upset?
Why are you so uptight?
Why are you taking this so personally?
Why aren't you at your office?
Why aren't you taking notes?
Why did Tom call?
Why did Tom lie?
Why did Tom say yes?
Why did you do what you did?
Why did you get involved?
Why did you go to the cave?
Why did you have to go snooping around?
Why did you take this job?
Why didn't you go get it?
Why didn't you say something before?
Why didn't you think of that?
Why do people say that?
Why do you do what you do?
Why do you take that medicine?
Why do you think it happened?
Why do you think that is?
Why do you think that was?
Why do you think this is happening?
Why do you think Tom did that?
Why do you think Tom is here?
Why do you think we're here?
Why does it make you angry?
Why does this have to be so hard?
Why does Tom do it?
Why does Tom have to go anywhere?
Why does Tom think that?
Why don't we take a break and go get something to eat?
Why don't we take it with us?
Why don't we take Tom there?
Why don't you get it patented?
Why don't you go to sleep?
Why go to all that trouble?
Why go to all this trouble?
Why is that so funny?
Why is this so familiar?
Why is Tom back?
Why is Tom hounding me?
Why is Tom in Boston?
Why is Tom laughing?
Why is Tom leaving?
Why is Tom out here?
Why is Tom running?
Why is Tom special?
Why is Tom talking?
Why not get a job?
Why would it be weird?
Why would someone do this?
Why would that be awkward?
Why would that be easier?
Why would there be trouble?
Why would they do this to me?
Why would they think that?
Why would Tom be different?
Why would Tom be here?
Why would Tom do it?
Why would Tom have been here?
Why would Tom stay?
Why would Tom think that?
Why would Tom worry?
Why would you do this for me?
Why would you say that to me?
Why would you think something was wrong?
Why wouldn't Tom take our offer seriously?
Why's Tom doing that?
Women are all the same.
Would that have made it better?
Would you get that, please?
Would you like one now?
Would you like one?
You and Tom are exactly the same.
You are one of us.
You have a lovely home.
You have exactly thirteen minutes to finish this.
You have to expect that once in a while.
You have to expect that to happen once in a while.
You must've measured wrong.
You need to protect yourself.
You seem to be in a bad mood today.
You seemed to prefer it this way.
You should ask Mary out to dinner.
You'd be perfect for that.
You'd be perfect for this job.
You'll be absolutely safe.
You'll be perfect for this.
You'll be perfectly safe.
You'll have our complete cooperation.
You're a middle child, too, aren't you?
You're a very lovely woman.
You're exactly right, Tom.
You're going to be a father.
You're going to be fine.
You're going to be seen.
You're in a bad mood today, aren't you?
You're no doubt confused, Tom.
You're not rich, are you?
You're perfect for the job.
You're something of a troublemaker, aren't you?
Your time has come.
Your time is limited.
Your time will come.
Two rabbits are hopping on the lawn.
If the weather cooperates, we will go to the beach Sunday.
The gentleman was killed by a slave in revolt.
The history that's being told is more than five hundred years old.
Only Takeuchi did not accept the invitation.
It's just proper they tell me everything.
This website is all about the LGBT.
Joseph is now a member of the party.
Everyone has a right to absence.
There's a mistake in the third last line.
I often quote myself, it adds spice to the conversation.
At least I'm older than you.
Tom showed no consideration whatsoever for Mary's feelings.
However much you try to dress it up, office work can be quite tedious.
He who makes noises while the ship is sailing, making people unable to hear orders, will be fined at the discretion of the captain.
If he does that again, let the punishment be harsher, and in addition, let penance be imposed on him, but if he does that thrice, let him be executed.
No cannons, no oil.
I talk to myself all the time.
You have to see this movie.
You have to see this film.
You don't have to give yourselves such airs.
I'm so sorry that Paul Walker died in a car crash.
If I were you, I wouldn't think twice — but thrice.
If I were you, I wouldn't think two times, but three times!
Here is a page that you might find useful if you're not already familiar with the information it contains.
Here you have a counterexample.
The worst of it has already happened.
Let's all go to Luna Park.
Everything is for the best, believe me.
You're better off without her.
I see our future together.
How is it possible that no one saw Tom escaping from the prison cell?
At times of crisis, people put all their disagreements aside.
My portion arrived cold.
What is the exchange rate between the dollar and the euro?
I have in my hands the secret to a long life.
He was cheated.
Would you like to rephrase the question?
I tried to translate the sentence "The cat says 'meow'" into five languages, but none of the translations was correct.
My mother is a good woman.
Laughter can kill.
Nobody I know got killed in South Central L.A.
I tried to translate the sentence "The cat says 'meow'" into five languages, but none of the translations were correct.
It's good, but it's not perfect.
That's the way it goes.
You're talking rot.
My brother died of that shit.
She is older than Jane by two years.
I'm afraid I'll have to disappoint you. I don't feel like participating in this discussion.
I'm afraid I'll have to disappoint you. I don't want to be involved in your conversation.
Don't make me repeat myself.
She introduced her sister to me.
She introduced his sister to me.
I don't like your face and I can't bear your company any longer.
I'd like to work at a hospital.
I think they don't know I'm a liar.
The happy cat is purring.
I looked back to see if she was looking back to see if I had looked back.
I bought this book for myself.
I did this myself.
We must ask ourselves this question.
You'll do it yourself.
Are you a teacher?
Jane asked Mary whether she'd like to stay at her place for the night.
"Happy Qurban!" "You as well, thank you."
The train driver told police that he tried to apply the brakes, but they didn't work.
Witnesses told police that the train was travelling way over the speed limit when it derailed going around a bend.
Don't go praising yourself.
I don't care what they think about me.
Unable to do this well, he started hitting himself.
Have you found what you were looking for?
I've been waiting for almost half an hour.
You brought this upon yourself.
"Hi, Harry!" "Tom... Tom Riddle!" "Ha, no!" "What?" "I am you!" "Are you a ghost?" "No, I'm a cook!" "What?"
One does not simply walk into Mordor.
They haven't invited me - I came because I felt like it.
The two of us aren't that good at chess. We're just playing because we felt like it.
There's something about you I don't like and I can't bear your company any longer.
Tom hardly believed his eyes.
Let us think about it together and dream a little.
There are several cozy taverns in the old part of the city.
No invading army has ever set foot upon Japanese shores.
Return and tell your king how the gods fought to our favor.
The ancient heroes, as we now know them, were all endowed with many virtues.
To find the answer to this question, I went to the city library.
I'm running as fast as I can to run him down.
I was utterly disappointed by your performance today. You can make it much better, and everyone knows that well.
A key to a woman's heart? What are you on about? The only thing you have to do is to fuck her!
My friend, what's making you so sad today?
By the time our mother came, we had cleaned our room.
Get up, Ronald! Your mother has made you a sweet roll.
Why are you making me suffer this much?
I lived among men and learned to hate them.
The priests rose to power and the churches became fortresses.
Accidents don't happen; they're caused.
You need bread, sausage, and cheese?
He needs that money.
They caught me with my pants down.
He's a biologist.
He opened the chess game with a modern defense.
I played with the computer.
I'm playing with the computer.
I played with a computer.
I'm playing with a computer.
The accused was romantically linked with the judge.
The defendant was romantically linked with the judge.
Israel is a very small country.
Food and utensils are stored in kitchen cabinets.
Daniel does not identify with the social norm.
Food and cookware are stored in kitchen cabinets.
He won't pass the test.
She won't pass the test.
Sushi is a Japanese food.
There are those who claim that a catastrophe will occur in 2012.
Elul is the last month in the Hebrew calendar.
January is the first month in the secular calendar.
September is the first month of the school year in Israel.
I found the book's exposition shallow.
Classical music soothes me.
Sarcasm should not be confused with cynicism.
An alcove is useful for storing things.
I don't know whether my going there is worthwhile.
I don't know how healthy it is.
I don't think he knows I love you.
I don't know anything about her.
I subscribe to the newspaper "Haaretz".
This year, we'll be flying to Thailand.
My friends usually agree.
People who are not smarter than I am don't interest me.
I don't enjoy eating ice cream during the winter.
It's nice to just chat with you like this.
I like to go out to the sports field every Thursday.
Computer games are not good for one's health.
My mailbox is full.
She likes chemistry.
He likes chemistry.
She likes to read scientific articles.
She enjoys reading scientific articles.
He enjoys reading scientific articles.
He wants to drink champagne.
He wants to sip some of the champagne.
I'll be happy to sip some of the champagne.
Yesterday morning I ate a waffle.
The students streamed towards the lecture hall.
In the wake of the heavy rain, there was a major flood.
Following the heavy rainfall, there was a big flood.
My watch has been repaired.
Which languages do you speak?
Suddenly, the supervisor lost his composure.
That was his first time.
Our garden is full of colorful flowers.
It's hard to imagine myself being disabled one day.
The earth completes a rotation around its axis in exactly one day.
Even now, in the second millennium, many women suffer discrimination in all aspects of life.
The Age of Dinosaurs occurred long ago.
I'm afraid of injections.
Where did I put my reading glasses?
I'm dying to reach the long-awaited moment when I get my degree.
The Orient Express will depart from platform two at a.m.
History tends to repeat itself.
How could you do that to me?
Do you think they suspect me?
When did you go to sleep?
Please help me cut up vegetables for the salad.
Daddy, can you read me a story before I go to sleep?
I don't think there's anyone in the world who's done what I've done.
Mary doesn't know that she's adopted.
She does all her children's wishes.
You depend on others' help too much.
They asked for my opinion.
I bought this from the supermarket.
The absence of glasses notably affects the quality of life of those who need them.
There were many wounded.
Since I was cold, I put on my coat.
Tantalum is a chemical element of the symbol Ta.
Joaquim is said to be religious, but he hardly knows the Lord's prayer.
I wish to buy an antipyretic.
He doesn't let anyone interfere with his private matters.
She's on the verge of dying.
Smile and nod was all she could do.
The hawk caught a rat.
This house is not the same without you.
You can keep the change.
Get up, Ronald! Your mother has cooked you a sweetroll.
The key to a woman's heart? What are you on about? You should just do her!
Finally one useful suggestion!
I've been lopping trees all afternoon and shredding them into mulch for the garden.
The children love playing in their new tree house, which they built themselves.
All things considered, I think we could say that the meeting was successful and met its objectives.
Suddenly, the silence was broken by a loud explosion.
The boss spoke in a condescending tone when addressing the female staff members.
Internal division within the Labor Party was one of the factors which led to its defeat at the recent election.
You have to drink water.
They have to drink water.
Search harder on Google!
He hasn't got a lot to give.
She hasn't got a lot to give.
I'm drinking a beer.
It's a minute to three o'clock.
They are threatening me.
They are threatening my life.
Can I get some clean towels?
I'm a rich man.
Fortunately we are no longer young.
That's surely a misunderstanding.
I'll keep the menu as a souvenir.
We need six drink containers.
What the hell do you mean by that?
Send a telegram!
I lost a valuable medal.
There are theatres, museums, libraries and parks in that city.
Who are my new neighbors?
Tell him that I want to see the telegram that he sent.
Do we have more unanswered letters?
He is a famous detective and my friend.
That will be put in order.
That is our neighbour.
They lived in the land of Cockaigne.
I think I like someone.
That's not my finger!
Our house has scaffolding around it this week, due to renovations.
Write your surname on the fourth line.
In each of us there lives the fiery soul of a warrior.
Do all of you speak Chinese?
Pharamp wishes everyone a Merry Christmas and a great summer with many concerts!
What is his daily goal?
No matter where Tom goes, he has a good reputation.
He has to drink water.
She has to drink water.
You have to drink and eat in order to stay alive.
You are allowed to use the hotel's swimming pool.
My wooden bed is actually quite heavy.
The more public the work, the more criticism you receive.
Africa is a continent, but Greenland isn't.
The man loves the house.
I have friends.
He never takes the train.
He likes to gossip, therefore he has a lot of enemies.
My father is an architect, not an engineer.
Houses cannot be built out of sugar.
He said it and left.
The children wreaked havoc in the house.
Call me once in a while.
Call me now and then.
We don't have to try to reinvent the wheel.
What are the most commonly used swear words in Dutch?
Don't ask me questions to which there are no answers!
There needs to be an answer. Everything has an answer.
We'll make it together!
Hippos live in Africa.
Hippopotamuses live in Africa.
My grandpa is under the delusion that we're still at war.
They're tasting the rice.
Where is the librarian?
This river is two hundred kilometers long.
Make sure that nobody enters.
Is that your goal?
I wasn't quite sure about that.
I wasn't really certain of that.
It's undeniably the best method.
It's incontestably the best method.
It's indisputably the best method.
Congratulations on your diploma.
Emergency services are still looking through the rubble for survivors.
Today is a day of mourning for the whole nation.
He took a cab to arrive on time.
Do seedless watermelons exist?
The smell was unbearable.
We need to find an effective method.
"Nigger" is an offensive word.
"Negro" is an offensive word.
Understood.
Alright.
"How is the research going?" "Reasonably well."
They didn't like the film.
They didn't like the movie.
Show me the photographs!
Show me the pictures!
Show me the photos!
The children didn't like the movie.
The children didn't like the film.
Don't doubt the effectiveness of this medicine.
Don't doubt the effectiveness of this drug.
Tom Jobim was a very well-known composer.
Smart and stupid people go to trade fairs.
Smart and stupid people go to trade shows.
Would you wake up, you'll be late for school.
What would happen if the earth stopped turning?
If it's possible, why not?
One of them hit me in the back.
Tom only cares about appearance.
Tom only cares about pretty faces.
To Tom, only a pretty face counts.
Many thanks for the thoughtful corrections! My mistakes have become clear to me.
It was obvious that it would be this way.
It isn't clear whether she would agree.
Cloning is a controversial method of reproducing organisms.
When I grow up I'd like to be a confectioner.
I speak English, French and Spanish.
I speak English, French, and Spanish.
Swimming is healthy.
George's sister buttered a few sandwiches for me.
George's sister made me a few sandwiches.
He speaks with a forked tongue.
Give me that book back!
You don't speak English.
You all don't speak English.
It's one of the greatest taboos of our time.
I never met Maria.
I have never met Maria.
The old woman was taken to a hospital, but she died not long after.
The ice caps are melting.
I'm so excited and I just can't hide it.
Cornelius Gurlitt had hidden works of art stolen by the Nazis in his apartment.
The paintings were in very good condition.
The granddaughter of German painter Otto Dix accused Germany of never really having addressed the issue of works of art seized by the Nazis.
The Nazis burned books.
I want to drink cashew juice.
My friend picked up a bargain at a seized car auction last week.
The best way to learn vocabulary is by using creative jingles.
Of course, an acrobat must have a perfect sense of balance.
That's a faster way.
I remember it like today.
Such work tempers a man's character.
The children spent a lot of time in the open air.
Such people are few in number.
You can believe her.
He falsified his report.
Now it's four days to Saturday.
The goal of this report is to research all the pros and cons of the proposal.
Anything may happen till that time.
My son knows all the letters well.
Arlan went to the boss.
There is something there that needs to be fixed.
A few clouds can be seen in the sky.
I've never seen this woman sad or anxious.
Some know about the old times from their parents only.
All I want for Christmas is a new tattoo.
Either she's really doing well, or she can hide everything behind a smile.
It's pleasant to be next to her.
I don't know how much time we have left.
Learn to be a man of your word and find opportunities to realize your dreams.
I hate maths.
There are some beautiful parks in this city.
"To be honest, I'm afraid of heights." "Coward!"
Never speak to me again!
I will never buy clothes secondhand.
I'm selling my car.
No holocaust must ever happen again.
I look younger than years old.
The love of the community is more important to me than money.
Sushi is a repulsive food.
I love to eat sushi.
December is the last month of the secular calendar.
This ink is the best.
This is the best ink.
This is the best pen.
That man is strong.
Religion is not important for him and he doesn't believe.
Those women are strong.
Could you write that down, please?
I see someone.
This morning, the polls opened all across the country.
In order to solve a difficult problem, the burden is on us to reach a higher level of thinking than the one we had when we created the problem.
I'm starting to learn German.
I don't like early morning meetings.
India is a region rich in culinary culture.
For the first time in her life Yuka finished reading an English book.
She is unable to withstand the pressure.
They will not accept any excuses for not joining the meeting.
Emily is going to visit her parents.
I bought a cactus.
The truth is that I love you.
The bed is in the room.
The fruit is yellow.
I live in Hungary.
I want to go together with Emily.
The prime minister already voted in his city of residence.
Los Angeles is one of the places I want to visit.
To welcome guests is to make them feel at home, even though that's exactly where you wish they were.
That's a dog, and that's a puppy.
Where's the Polish embassy?
If you only associate with your own kind, your ideas will never expand.
I built this house with my own hands.
I'm at home right now.
Is this your money?
She repeated the exact same words that I had said to her the day before.
This movie follows the book's plot exactly.
She's fainted because of the bad air.
Finish your homework faster, so that we can play video games.
I was hardly able to see it.
Perhaps he would not celebrate Chinese New Year again.
He thinks that gays are funny people.
Don't believe him.
She wants to go to Beijing to further her career.
Nobody can deny that the prisoner is guilty.
I'm part of a website about cooking.
Have you tasted such good soup before?
Yes, I think so too.
Anne bought a cheap violin and a not-so cheap piano.
Why are the people protesting against the government?
Do you know of a dish that has laurel leaves in it?
It's much easier dealing with animals than humans sometimes, well, most of the time, actually.
I'm sick and tired of kids who think they're tough by bullying other kids around in the playground, and who then act all innocent when they're with their parents.
I give you my heart.
Tom's voice was so soft it was barely audible to those sitting at the back of the lecture theatre.
On the floor were two pairs of shoes.
Sherman said the coffee was hot but not scalding.
There's often a fine line between confidence and arrogance.
Anyone knows his own name, but nobody remembers his own face.
Treat others the way you'd like to be treated.
Tom's hesitating.
There will be serious consequences.
There will be inevitable consequences.
May I come right over?
We omitted it on purpose.
While I was thinking over whether I should accept such strange apologies, Coutabay leafed through the book and read loudly and expressively: "While I was thinking over whether I should accept such strange apologies, Coutabay leafed through the book and read loudly and expressively: 'While I was thinking...' Holmes quickly snatched the volume from Coutabay's hands.
Don't throw the soup away, the grandfather will eat it up!
In this forest, at every step, we may face the most terrible perils that you can ever imagine. So let's go ahead.
If I were a sultan, I'd have three wives!
If Comet survives intact, then yes, we will have a nice show later on in the month.
There's a bird on my dad's head.
The soup is very hot. You shouldn't eat it now.
Peter's mother enters his room, and in spite of the windows being opened, she can tell that Peter has been smoking.
I've never stepped into a poor block.
He's not a patch on him.
Who's more likely to remember the circumstances of when this photo was taken?
An abbey once stood here.
A monastery once stood here.
This book is too boring for me.
What a surprise to meet you here!
What a surprise to bump into you here!
Will she be back home at five?
Who broke the window? He did.
He stopped drinking alcohol.
He stopped drinking.
This is going to cost thirty euros.
That'll cost thirty euros.
I would ask the question differently.
I miss this place.
I have a boring job.
There's a raccoon in my bedroom!
There is something wrong with me.
Do you want to keep somebody far from you?
I don't know whether they've already hired any janitors.
Do you need some advice?
A month has already passed.
I saw some birds flying away.
My parents want to dismiss our nurse because they don't have enough money to pay her.
You got what you wanted.
You got what you wanted, now leave me alone.
Why the fuck do you live like this, Tom?
Why the fuck live like this, guys?
You just look at that Tom - as foolish as they come.
We're declaring the ceremony open.
Friday is the end.
I'm drinking water in the kitchen.
Our imagination lets us travel around space.
A diplomat is someone who can tell you to go to hell and make you eagerly anticipate the trip.
In her speech, she emphasized the issues directly related to practice.
In her speech, she emphasized the issues that had direct relevance to practice.
The coin is silver.
At the present time, that statement cannot be made definitively.
Not a candle to God, nor a poker to the Devil.
I'll stay until evening.
I'll stay until the day after tomorrow.
You have to go to school from Monday to Friday.
No train would wait for passengers.
"Celestial Wives of the Meadow Mari" is a very good movie.
I hunt after flies.
Rice makes you fat, so don't eat too much of it!
In short, we can say the following.
If you're on your knees, you should pray.
If you're going away for a day, take food for three days.
This site is all about faggots.
The wind was whistling through the broken window.
Please give me some analgesic.
Men know a problem to any solution.
Are you over 18?
Are you over eighteen years old?
It's easier than you think.
It's harder than you think.
This is my worst fear.
Why are you bleeding?
How old was he?
How old was she?
I know what makes me happy.
I also like writing.
Beautiful girls dream of him.
You're prettier than her.
You're more beautiful than her.
You're prettier than me.
Take me away from here.
She's obviously prettier than me.
Forget about the past, live the present, think about future.
You bought me a gift?!
The sun suddenly appeared from behind a cloud.
You're really pretty too.
He owns his own house.
She's depressed and cuts herself.
Danish pronunciation is a little bit difficult.
This should be illegal.
I love a girl, but I'll never tell her about it.
A good deed never goes unpunished.
The weather is beautiful, so we can go for a walk, can't we?
There's no shame in that.
Anne told me that my hair was too long.
I'm glad she's okay.
I'm glad he's okay.
Statistics show that there are more and more people suffering from cancer.
Could you get me some milk?
Can you get me some milk?
I'm going to kick your ass!
My brother listens to a music genre called ambient.
You have done it totally incorrect!
I think that your mother has brought you up in a very conservative manner.
It's not like the movies.
Tom will come to save us.
It's almost midnight. Go to bed.
This is just wrong.
Please stand by, homing in on your position.
My roommate is crazy.
Beloved, unexpected, and undefeated, his voice sounded like a toad that had swallowed a tractor.
The Faroe Islands are still dependent on Denmark's financial support.
I'm tired, but I can't fall asleep.
A cow goes moo, a cat goes meow.
I'll pay for you.
He showed me his collection of butterflies.
Sweet revenge.
It's smaller than in Tokyo.
Americans have great imagination when inventing names.
Your argument has no validity.
Don't erase the sample sentence.
Your argument is unfounded.
Come even if you'll be late.
A snowstorm is raging in the northern Golan Heights and in the high peaks of the Galilee.
Between and 1934, Bialik served as the head of the Hebrew Language Committee.
The danger is that Hebrew will be spoken in the bazaar, but English in the universities.
It's the most idiotic thing I've seen in my life.
While no one fears that Hebrew will stop being spoken, it is in danger of ceasing to be a language of culture.
Be quiet and go to your room!
Mary won the lottery, but then she lost her ticket.
I'm not teaching you English.
Where's the kitchen?
Laurie slept with Emily, her best friend.
Never give up on love.
You'll find everything.
It's a roasted egg.
Israel has become one of the most important high-tech centers in the world.
The unstable security situation in Syria also affects Turkey.
Since the start of the civil war in Syria in March 2011, more than 42,people have been killed.
Tomorrow, I have to make a very important decision.
In this world, rules of conduct prevail that differ from what is accepted in public life.
Everything is in the hands of God.
I agree. I also tend to omit the comma in short sentences.
There's nothing interesting on the Internet today.
Soon the day will be over and I won't have succeeded in doing anything.
I wasn't successful at anything today.
I am still in shock.
I thought I was her best friend.
I thought I was his best friend.
What should I do about this?
Cats are smart.
You can't divide by zero in mathematics.
Sit down and close your eyes.
He put a knife to my throat.
They put a knife to my throat and robbed me.
I think I did it.
I think you did it.
It's a risk that I'm willing to take.
This isn't about you.
I come from another planet.
He helps those who have hardships in their lives.
He visits those who are sick.
Snow melts in the spring.
Young people need to look after their health.
The grown-ups know.
The foreign minister said that the war had been inevitable.
It's a matter of when, not if.
I saw a squirrel this morning.
I saw a man get arrested by the police a few minutes ago.
Please tell me it's a joke.
You're talking out of your ass.
Stop talking out of your ass.
I'm just glad you're safe.
I like dark chocolate.
There is something you should see.
There is something you should know.
The damage is already done.
I used to play here as a child.
Don't play in the forest after dark.
There's no money.
People are always blaming their circumstances for what they are. I don't believe in circumstances. The people who get on in this world are the people who get up and look for the circumstances they want, and if they can't find them, make them.
Tom follows Mary on Twitter.
Pictures sent on snapchat are destroyed after a few seconds.
Mary sent Tom a selfie.
Tom can get them.
It's actually very easy to do.
My inbox is full.
Use lemon juice instead of vinegar.
Not many people know what we're really doing here inside.
There's no job without benefit.
My car is alcohol-powered.
If it snows, airplanes won't be able to take off.
Did you find a job?
I'm quite sure they don't know what they are singing about.
Is this an actor?
She writhes like a worm.
I don't know what you will do.
I don't know what you are going to do.
The fluorescent light was faulty and flickered on and off intermittently.
He exerted a special attraction on anorexic women, and his forearms were the size of surfboards.
That's real love!
I didn't say this.
We're right behind you.
Try not to make a habit of this.
Mary has psychic abilities.
You know you can't do that.
Are you going to vote for me?
You're not going anywhere.
Were you feeling resistance?
Humans live on the earth.
How can that be?
Bacteria are the only culture some people have.
Hope is not lost.
Life is never so bad that it can't get worse.
There's no reason to worry.
Is there anything else I should know about Tom?
Did you forget to greet me?
Do you really want me to tell her?
Do you really want me to tell him?
The man who looked through the window caught my attention because he had on the strangest hat I've ever seen in my life.
This is a crime against humanity.
Show me a capitalist and I'll show you a bloodsucker.
The scientists want more data.
It continues to grow.
What am I being accused of?
Nooo! Tom! Noo!
May I speak with him?
That is not possible.
Are we good to go?
I don't want her to see me like this.
I don't want him to see me like this.
I can do no other than agree with all that you have said.
We were more than satisfied when the Romanian Government, even before its membership of the European Union, showed its readiness to accept this directive.
I will have no more of this.
Beat him with the broom!
The Church is an entity that has accumulated a lot of wealth.
We wish everyone a happy trip.
I'll try to be as brief as possible.
Migraines are not fun.
I want to die on that night!
This bike is like the one I've got.
"What are you doing?" "I'm watching my plants grow."
The zipper on my jacket got stuck.
He said the same thing about you.
Stop torturing me.
Stop torturing me. What did he say?
Stop torturing me. What did she say?
"Stop torturing me. What did he say?" "He said yes."
"Stop torturing me. What did she say?" "She said yes."
I'm going to the beach with Tom.
I saw him with another woman.
You're still thinking about him, aren't you?
You're still thinking about her, aren't you?
You can tell him not to worry.
You can tell her not to worry.
This place is great.
No guy has ever asked me that.
You're acting strange tonight.
I saw him before he saw me.
I saw her before she saw me.
Where did you get the recipe?
They tied him to a tree.
I have the right to express my opinion.
I'm thinking of moving in with him.
I'm thinking of moving in with her.
I'm thinking of moving in with Tom.
She's thinking of moving in with her boyfriend.
He's thinking of moving in with his girlfriend.
They're thinking about moving in together.
It's easier taking things apart than putting them back together.
Tom is filling out a job application form.
We come in peace.
Tom is filling out an application form.
I'm not here to make friends.
Do you know how much this means to me?
I will not let that happen.
I was just about to say the same thing.
Is this the best you can do?
He must have seen me.
She must have seen me.
He must have seen us.
She must have seen us.
They must have seen us.
Tom must have seen us.
In 1989, the extremely famous Eiffel Tower celebrated its one hundred years of existence.
I lunch in that restaurant every day.
Such thing can't be true.
Hate makes man cruel.
I am thin.
The serial killer has bought six thousand bullets for his weapons through the Web.
Don't get that close to the fire.
There's lots of people at the park.
This won't end well.
Surprise her with a nosegay.
Hello, son. I trust you're healing well.
Lamp oil? Rope? Bombs? You want it? It's yours, my friend, as long as you have enough rupees.
Archaeological finds are being made in Peru on an almost daily basis.
Sorry Link, I can't give credit. Come back when you're a little... mmm... richer!
Gee, it sure is boring around here!
Two young men have been killed by tiger sharks on Australian beaches in the past two weeks.
The government should finance education more abundantly.
He became world-famous for his discovery.
I need to polish up the grammar.
My grammar is poor.
You can't make up for lost time.
I am the time and place beyond the furnace.
To use an item simply click on its icon in the inventory.
Begone, wretched spawn of Hell's unholy bowels!
That's the way to find a good beer.
It's easy to call us and we are in distress, but continue to pray after the crisis is more like ensuring that helps promising to adhere to the spirit of good achievements
It is completely understandable to wipe your nose on the bedclothes if you cannot find your handkerchief with the lights out.
It's all total nonsense.
It is not all that uncommon at any rate.
I think a translator may venture to be somewhat flexible.
What's the difference between faith and trust?
I'm responsible for that.
You are too young to marry.
Somebody has left his bag on the bench.
You can't do anything about that.
The candles lighted the room.
The darkness around us was pitch-black.
The teacher made all of his female students fall in love with him.
The table is askew, it's likely going to turn over soon.
You should stay here till 2:30.
She worked for several hours.
This ring has lost its glitter.
Two pages are missing from this book.
If it were so easy to take a house with you, I would at least have brought one with a kitchen and a bathroom.
In the old tongue these characters meant 'Spirit' and 'Power'. With the passing of time their meaning changed to "No consulting hours on Wednesdays."
Come on, how often do you think a fictitious character needs to change clothes?
What's necessary?
I see that your manners haven't exactly improved in the last twenty years.
Ho ho, you have always been the brightest amongst my grandchildren! But hearken now: I have come from the nether realm to entrust thee with a task of utmost importance!
You got that right! This quiet little forest you chose to compose your doctorate is also the vacation home of a ruthless and power-hungry Satanist!
But that's... downright disgusting. Why isn't anybody doing something against that?
"But I just did. I came here to tell you." "Me? Am I supposed to put a stop to Lord Pinku Reiga, mightiest of the Four Weepy Lords, slayer of some men, destroyer of the imperial wheelchairs?!"
Can he play the guitar?
She can play the guitar.
Am I supposed to, single-handedly, strengthened only by the mythical magic of my forebears, in heroic fashion smash his armies and save the beautiful princess from his clutches to finally deliver him to...
Firstly: We, your forebears, cannot help you from the land beyond. Secondly: The slayer of wheelchairs came here incognito and therefore could only have brought a small number of guards with him. And thirdly: there is (supposedly) no beautiful princess. Got all that? Well, then have fun with your task.
Where's my dinner?
I didn't say this!
Do I have a fever?
The receipt has to be signed and stamped by the authorities.
The wind was so strong, we were nearly blown off the road.
My writing desk, a place of dread: an incredible number of incredibly useful drawers - combined with incredibly little legspace.
I put a brick on top of the rubbish bin so the wind wouldn't tear it open.
The storm will weaken during the course of the day.
Be relaxed, available, willing to take what comes and do the best you can do.
Looks like the transmission belt broke.
I think that machine doesn't need any more broken parts. I can't achieve anything with my bare hands.
I once read a sweet poem about an empty pot... Unfortunately, I forgot it.
Once you have completed your mission you can drink as much as you like.
Ah, bummer!
These birds seem to have been in there for quite some time. Some have even scratched obscene graffiti into their cages' bottoms.
Would you look at that! After a long and exhausting quest I finally managed to find the mythical Scroll of Swordsmanship.
For a pillow like this all men do yearn but that - quite frankly - is not my concern.
"Close your eyes for a minute," Tom whispered. Mary closed her eyes and Tom gave her a gentle kiss on the lips.
"I guess you have to be a fool to dump Hermione..." - "Took you long enough... She's behind your back." - "What the hell?!"
I'll go to school.
I'm afraid I won't be able to have lunch with you today.
What have you done to them?
I have the right to criticise.
Try to be yourself.
I don't have an English keyboard.
I'm going to the United Kingdom.
I'm going to the United States.
This is my opinion, not yours.
There was no need to worry.
You must know Tom pretty well.
I decided to stay one more day.
I have not heard from Tom in two weeks.
The police handcuffed Tom and read him his rights.
Why did you leave like that?
He died without an heir.
Mary took a yoga class.
Mary took a pilates class.
She died without an heir.
I'm ready to move on with my life.
There's a guy in my yoga class.
There's a cute guy in my yoga classes.
I don't even know if he has a girlfriend.
I don't even know if she has a boyfriend.
He arrived just this morning.
He can hear the grass growing.
Naked yoga is becoming increasingly popular.
Let me know when you're back home.
I'm not angry at you.
Wings to the bird, mind to the human.
Don't beat yourself up about it.
Guys are predictable.
Ooh! It took a weight off my shoulders.
We move as one.
Just do as I say.
Can I make a suggestion?
Maria and Tom are happy together.
Mary and Tom are happy together.
Receive a cure from a doctor, learn from a wise man.
Receive a cure from a doctor, knowledge from a wise man.
He who makes no mistake, does nothing.
I'm at a loss for any advice to you.
I'm watching your behaviour and don't even know what to think.
I have to hand it in.
I hope you know that, Tom.
Mihari is guarding the gate to Pinku Reiga's mansion. In spite of her harmless looks, she has earned herself a reputation as a cold-hearted, fierce and merciless killing machine.
Are you okay? You look really sad.
She made a fuss for no good reason.
In this cold weather, a good master won't let his dog out.
The main idea of the international language Esperanto consists of establishing contacts between various cultures.
Tell me what's wrong.
You need to tell me what's wrong.
Esperanto is a good language because people from different countries can use it to talk to each other.
Tears streamed down her cheeks.
Men have Adam's apples.
I broke up with her yesterday evening.
Do you go in for sports?
"Hello." "..." "Are you on guard duty again today?" "Yes." "You don't talk much, right?" "No. ...Listen, I am a samurai. People expect noble reservation and iron self-discipline of me. That just leaves no room for small talk..."
I've been thinking over the issue for a long time.
To be more precise, I'd call it not a reason but an excuse.
This building is new, that one old.
I'm a little late.
We're dreaming about coming back to our apartment.
Tom doesn't know the difference between Easter and Christmas.
I suddenly remembered that I couldn't afford so many books.
Nevertheless, I think such a kind of society needs this sort of business to set the economy in motion.
She never speaks about that.
He knows no fear.
He is a stranger to fear.
However long you try to hide it, the lies will come out anyway.
We should do this again tomorrow.
In this book you can find the answers to these questions and receive some advice.
It was drizzling.
The enemies destroyed the plant by bombing.
You boycotted merchandise from that country.
You're the same age as my girlfriend.
You're the same age as my son.
Can someone tell me why Tom is angry?
There's something I've wanted to say to you for a long time.
Oh my God, you too???
I promised Tom that I wouldn't cry.
Tom lost his favorite toy.
There was a time when I listened only to this songs continuously for days.
The fierce pounding of the waves during the storm washed tonnes of shoreline into the ocean.
I can't wait to see her.
I can't wait to see him.
Can anyone hear me?
Are you accusing me?
Are you accusing Tom?
"Just close your eyes," whispered Tom, and when Mary closed her eyes, he kissed her softly on the lips.
You brought some water.
The men seized their sharpened sabres without hesitation.
Don't be shy. Talk to me.
You could have told me.
Millions of people across the world are mourning the death of Nelson Mandela.
Every statement is false, even this one!
Do you want me to confess to the murder?
It was a violent crime.
You can sleep here if you want.
The former president of South Africa has passed away.
What is he trying to hide?
What is she trying to hide?
There's someone here who wants to see you.
I'm visiting my boyfriend in Canada.
I'm going to Germany to visit my boyfriend.
I'm going to North Korea to meet my dear little enemy.
The disagreement with him and with his strategy are at the heart of the matter.
The possibility of a lack of connection between the events can be dismissed immediately.
The possibility that the two events are unconnected is not worth considering.
I have horrible heartburn.
I am not your son.
I am not your daughter.
I am not your wife.
I am not your friend.
I am not a penguin.
I don't believe a word of it.
This is extortion.
Tom lit the candle with a match.
Tom lit a match and then lit the candle with it.
Tom reached in his pocket, pulled out some matches, struck one, and then lit the campfire.
That movie is based on a book of the same name.
The peak of Mt. Everest is the highest place in the world.
Beware of Greeks bearing gifts.
I eat lunch in that restaurant every day.
There are many misleading news articles nowadays.
Contrasting the goals of the Soviet science with the goals of the science controlled by the Americal imperialists, Soviet biology scientists say: “Biology is a life science, but American biologists turn it into a death science, a science that deals with the better and faster destruction of all the living things on earth.”
American imperialists, in their attempt to break and disorganise the forces of the defenders of peace, democracy and socialism, have established firm contact with the imperialists of the Marshall Plan countries, where they export not only weapons and thrillers, rotten canned food and bubble gum, but also the insights of their "philosophers".
He has a blog.
You just left this morning, but I already miss you.
Why did the staff toss me out twice, only to let me come back now?
Which is the easiest language to learn? Esperanto!
Do you love each other deeply?
I opened the chess game with the Italian opening.
He checkmated me.
He beat me in chess.
Macintosh is a type of computer operating system.
Windows is a type of computer operating system.
Linux is a type of computer operating system.
Those rapids are impressively large.
How deep is your love?
Haman drew lots to decide what would be the fate of the Jews.
I fell from the first rung of the ladder.
May I invite you to a chat?
Nothing blew up!
Doesn't anybody want to take a walk to the sea?
Does anybody have a desire to take a walk to the sea?
I was having a bath when the phone rang.
It's not shameful to be silent when you have nothing to say.
They defended weak people.
I'd like to find out why it got broken.
A laughing girl was standing before us.
We should get off at the nearest station.
What is graven on a stone, isn't written for no reason.
He's never drunk any wine.
She wanted to help her friends.
Come with all possible speed.
She wanted to help his friends.
He wanted to help her friends.
Let's appeal to the public and see what it will say.
Tom and Mary are not on the same team.
He was an honest man.
The spring is rich in flowers, the autumn in abundant fruits.
As far as we remember, at meters we were still above the clouds.
He has eyes like emeralds.
His eyes are like emeralds.
I have to agree with you.
I have to agree with Tom.
You can't run away from your fate.
Yes, I met her in the library yesterday.
The boat was carried away with the current.
There are some priorities in life.
It's a lot of fun to learn Esperanto.
Please tell me I won the tickets for Sunday.
From my experience, love is like chestnut honey. It's sweet but leaves a bitter aftertaste.
We're waiting for you to help us.
I'm not cool enough to know of all those other bands.
We haven't talked in years.
As is commonly known, the smarter person is the one to give in first. That's easier for an adult to do than for a teenager. You won't be crowned with laurels for winning a fight with your own child.
The granny gave me a shove and dashed to the door.
You don't have enough faith in yourself.
You don't have enough faith in yourselves.
I care about him very much.
I care about her very much.
The tourists camped in the meadow, unpacked their sleeping-bags, and inflated their air-beds.
I think it is unnecessary to talk about it.
One day I will get married and give birth, but for now I want to live for myself.
We are all equal.
We are all equal here.
I'm your girlfriend.
Tom doesn't know the difference between an original and a forgery.
Tom doesn't know the difference between reality and fantasy.
Tom doesn't know the difference between reality and imagination.
What's the difference between a duck?
He's not my friend, he's my enemy.
She's not my friend. I hate her.
Why are people so cruel?
I was only teasing.
I was just teasing.
You will not be harmed.
It seems the only option to me.
I didn't mean any harm by it.
It's a cruel world out there.
The handle is shaped like a duck's head.
Having laid an egg, a hen has less weight than before.
What is your biggest weakness?
I can't wait to see you guys again in March.
I should have listened to my father.
I should have listened to my mother.
I should have listened to Mary.
Tom is suspected of being a Russian spy.
Can I have it back?
"Can I have it back?" "No."
Brain surgery is very complex.
Her lover is a spy working for the British government.
He asked for my resignation.
She asked for my resignation.
She was born in Ohio.
I think it is a very interesting question.
I think it's a very interesting question.
She went to a posh school.
Tell me something I don't already know.
I mean it this time.
"You're so beautiful. What's your name?" "Mind your own business."
Women are not objects.
Women are not sex objects.
Don't put all your eggs in the same basket.
I've got a white horse.
Your death will serve as an example.
I'm not interested. Buzz off.
Go away. And don't come back.
Sorry, I'm not interested.
I'm sorry, but the answer is no.
I don't like you and I never will.
I'd love to, but I'm busy.
I'm not ready for a relationship.
I don't think I'm ready for a relationship.
I said: "I'm not interested."
I'm not just here to look pretty.
I'm not here to look cute.
The name of the game is "Find ten differences".
I'm beginning to find you tiresome.
Are you in?
Sometimes they say: "I can't go to school. I'll go tomorrow".
"When will you be back home?" "I don't know, in about twenty minutes."
I don't like the bad boy.
Tom comes from another dimension.
She drove to the nearest police station.
I was as sober as a judge.
I'm waiting for the right woman.
I'm waiting for the right man.
Can I go first?
I'm paid fortnightly.
We'll see each other again.
You're made for each other.
They're made for each other.
"It pains me to look at you, Arthas." - "I'll rid you of that pain, old man."
These are the Faces of Evil. You must conquer each.
I guess I'd better get going!
It's the hardest thing I have ever done.
The kid vomited.
I am eating a chewy local delicacy.
I'm an archaeologist.
I told you that I wasn't interested.
Tom drove Mary to the hospital.
I teach geography.
The geophysicist teaches in the school.
Studying French is a lot of fun.
Let me know when you need me again.
There are four men and three women in our house.
A group of children is playing downstairs.
Daniel, give Emet and the others my regards.
I will teach you Hausa and you will teach me Korean.
John died unhappy.
Two are fighting - a third is profiting.
If you have finished, return it to me.
My brother and I share the same room.
We ordered French fries and soft drinks.
Today's March 27th.
I'm involved with someone.
He's a charming man.
I don't want to live in a big mansion.
There are songs that I find degrading as a woman.
This song is degrading to women.
Many rap songs are degrading to women.
A friend told me about Tatoeba.
The definition from the dictionary is different.
Are you feeling tired?
The German athletes won four gold medals at the luge world championship in Canada.
The stranger invited me to a nearby café.
I've been with him for a long time.
Mary is two months pregnant.
Shouting won't do; it's important to have patience.
Why do bad things happen?
Freedom is useless unless you use it.
What was your response when he invited you?
It's strange he loves room temperature beer.
Man is a social being.
Whoever is born in Austria, is an Austrian.
Whoever comes to us armed with a sword is easier to kill with a shot.
"They're all the same!" "Come on, Styopa! Looks like you've never had sex!" "Professor, I have no time for it!" "You sucker, it's a great pleasure." "Professor, I want to go with you!" "Yeah say that again! You're gonna suck just like always." "Yes, you're right".
When her neighbours were ill, she asked a doctor to give them some medicine.
"Zelda, the floor is under my feet!" "I know!"
"Where's my money?" "What money?" "You owe me money." "I don't owe you, sucker!"
"Hey, you!" "Yes?" "See this piece of shit here?" "Yes." "Do I owe him money?" "Yes!" "...Screw you!" "Yes..."
"Now, where's my freaking money?" "I don't have money; I spent all my money on dinner." "You will find money." "Or else what?" "I will seize your house!" "Shit!"
"Lost?" - "Yes..." - "Frightened?" - "Yes." - "Confused?" - "Yes!" - "Good! Ahahahaha!"
"Why can't I just have a normal boyfriend? Why? Just a regular boyfriend who doesn't go nuts on me!" "Everybody wants that, dear. It doesn't exist."
The building on the mountain is our school.
It'll take at least an hour to get there.
Only fifty people came.
At most, there were only passengers on the ferry.
I know why you don't want to talk. I don't want to talk with you, either.
A Mr. Sakaki has come to see you.
Some people these days are going so far as to leave instructions in their wills about how to handle their email inboxes and social media profiles after they die.
After five brutal rounds, the judges could not split the two fighters, and the bout was declared a draw.
The cheetah uses a combination of stealth and explosive acceleration to catch its prey.
Baboons have a very complex system of relationships and communication, which is essential for their survival in the savannah.
When darkness falls, the baboons return to the trees to sleep, safe from night prowlers.
I'm batching it this weekend because my wife is visiting her brother in Frankfurt.
In pregnancy, the first three months are the most critical.
Did you make your speech off-the-cuff?
I work only to go on vacation.
Tom said that he wanted to forget about it.
Starting today, I'll save all my small change so I can buy some new game software.
I thought you might be the only person who would listen to me.
Bill is always honest.
While pointlessly wandering around the city, he stumbled on a cobblestone he hadn't noticed and almost tripped over, but it turned out all right
My mother is very busy right now.
Paris wasn't built in a day.
It'll take no less than one hour to go there.
He fears his own shadow.
They want it back at any price.
Two sworn enemies had to unite against their common rival.
"Were you, for example, breaking completely today?" "Actually I wasn't, even the glass. But I said "no, it's all crap", I don't understand why." "Shame on you, Styopa!"
"Styopa, how clever you are! How do you know it all, I haven't told you about that!" "Professor, I've read it in this encyclopaedia" "Bravo! Well done!"
You were driven out.
You've been expelled.
You were fired.
"Professor, I suppose I think one ought not but may." "Why, I think one may but ought not." "So what then?" "Nothing."
They accomplished their goals.
It's not long till the winter holidays.
My brother went to Italy.
Your behaviour is intolerable.
"What the fuck is this shit?" thought Tom.
It's clear that he's at home.
Don't attempt to steal other people's belongings!
There's no need to try to translate a phrase word-for-word.
"Has he broken up with you?" "Yes, and now my heart is heavy as lead".
They left him for dead.
The author may commit suicide as he aims at the tastes of public.
Don't be so backboneless!
I don't believe that's the truth.
The pistol bullet pierced his leg.
Ambiguous phrases often beget funny interpretations.
This novel is interesting for its village language.
"Thanks a lot" said he with a smile.
She wastes her money.
If he came here, I would receive him with open arms.
Quiet music was heard in the room we entered.
Frederick Chopin created his first musical composition when he was seven.
There are some cat's tracks on the table.
The sky was all covered with clouds.
And whoever thinks otherwise gets a chance to think about it for twelve years in the open air of the Siberian woods.
The principles of building a German sentence differ remarkably from those of building a Russian sentence.
He got drunk and became talkative.
I'm always in harmony with myself.
We meet our engagements.
He's better than us all.
I've bought some clothes.
I wouldn't have succeeded without his help.
I wouldn't mind to have such patience of Job either.
Beasts are numerous as fuck in this forest.
"I respect you and consider it a great honour to shake your hand!" he continued solemnly.
The book attracted her attention.
It's too late now, Lusya!
The train has left, Lusya!
The lion jumped through a burning hoop.
What are you saying, God be with you!
He didn't see well even with glasses.
Bring the work to the perfect condition.
Are you afraid of heights?
Didn't you know that she passed away about two years ago?
You'd better say nothing! Do you know how much a single word is worth?
At Tatoeba you can also learn a lot about your own language.
There are no birds in this forest.
Cats are afraid of dogs.
Let's go at around five.
Emet's about fifty now.
It's about seven thirty.
I go to bed at around ten at night.
I might arrive in Kashgar or somewhere thereabouts tomorrow.
Eighties' fashion does not resemble that of the nineties.
If you just write a zero in this number's ones' place, it'll be correct.
"What's wrong?" "The speakers aren't working well."
I bought these medications for my father.
"What's wrong?" "I can't get my car started."
"What's wrong?" "My computer just crashed."
I need to buy some medicine for my father.
I don't have enough money to buy the medicine my father needs.
Were you promoted?
They're envious of the Americans because they think they're richer.
I hope you understand me.
They battled and battled, not thinking about the danger.
Dogs are man's best friends.
Dogs are man's best friend.
The dog is man's best friend.
I wish you could understand me.
I wish I could understand you better.
I wish I could understand what you're saying.
I couldn't understand anything Tom said.
If I could have understood what Tom meant, I wouldn't have made this mistake.
Since Tom was speaking in French, I couldn't understand what he was saying.
If Tom had been speaking French, I would have been able to understand him.
How many more of these do we need?
How many more forks do we need?
How many more hours do we need?
How much more money do we need?
How much more wine should I buy?
How much wine should I buy?
How much wine do you want me to buy?
How many more pages do you have left to read?
How much more time do you think this will take?
How many years have you been married?
How many years have Tom and Mary been married?
How much do you know about Tom's problem?
How much chance is there that that would happen?
How much money did Tom donate to charity last year?
How much is left in your savings account?
How many sisters does Tom have?
How much did you charge Tom to fix his car?
How many hours did you spend with Tom?
How much more must we suffer?
How much more do we have to do?
How much more do we have to suffer?
How many clients do you have?
How many students do you have?
How many dates have you been on since you and Tom broke up?
How much did you drink last night?
How much does a cup of coffee cost here?
How much money did Tom promise you?
How many times have you kissed Tom?
How many times have you played tennis with Tom?
How much is Tom's estate worth?
How much can we really trust Tom?
How many mistakes did Tom make?
How many times have you been arrested?
How many times has Tom been arrested?
How many times has Tom been here?
How many times has Tom been to Boston?
How many times did Tom tell you to do that?
Do you see my horse or your dog?
How many times have you been married?
How much do you know about Tom?
How many black and white movies have you seen?
How many black and white movies have you watched?
How many dresses like that does Mary have?
How many pairs of shoes do you have?
How many times do I have to tell you to clean your room?
How many times have I told you not to talk to Tom?
How many times have I told you not to mention Tom's name around me?
How much money do you think someone like Tom spends each month?
Ms. Earth is Ms. Venezuela.
How many home runs did Tom hit?
How many of you did Tom borrow money from?
How many times have you really been in love?
How much does Tom know about this situation?
How much was Tom making on his last job?
How much does Tom really know about what happened to Mary?
How much of this does Tom know?
How much do you think Tom needs?
How much does Tom know about Mary?
How much do you have in the bank?
How many people in this room do you think know Tom's last name?
How much money do you have with you right now?
How much money did you lose?
How much money did you make last year?
How much money did Tom make last year?
How much longer is Tom going to be in Boston?
How much longer are you planning to stay in Boston?
How much longer are you planning on staying in Boston?
How much money do you have on you right now?
How many guitars does Tom have?
How many other cars does Tom own?
How many other houses does Tom own?
How much did you pay Tom?
How much time are you planning on being at the library?
How many lawyers does Tom have?
How much experience do you have?
How much actual experience do you have?
How much field experience do you have?
How many different ways do you know how to cook eggs?
How many different ways do you know how to cook an egg?
How many different kinds of pizzas are on the menu?
My father is getting better and better.
How much do you charge?
How much did you sleep?
How much are you asking?
What's your asking price?
How much of what Tom said was true?
How much do you remember?
We have many things to be thankful for.
How much do you remember about that night?
How much of what Tom said did you understand?
How much of what Tom said do you believe?
How much time do we have left?
How much have you found out?
How much are you willing to pay?
How much further do we have to go?
How much time will we have?
How much time do you think we have left?
How much do you think this is worth?
How much do you think Tom will give me for this?
How much more of this do you think you can take?
How much longer will it be until we get there?
How much longer will it be till we get there?
How many hours a week do you work?
How many hours did you work this week?
How many hours do you plan to work next week?
How many names are on the list?
How much more food is there?
"What's wrong here?" "The author's DNA".
A killer's killer is still a killer!
I admire the college too.
I hate travelling by subway.
Unfortunately, your contribution breaks some grammatical rules.
Do you have any supernatural abilities?
The Japanese are very cute and kind people.
By nature, human beings always aspire to build a cozy nest of their own.
That's commonplace.
She cried to the child: "Be quiet!".
We have to get to the dragon and slay it to rescue the princess!
If you can read this sentence, it's because you know how to read.
On what planet are you?
Slowly, their bond grew ever deeper, amazingly enough. Clarence found that repeating what he'd learned of her and nodding a lot tended to help.
I'm sort of glad it's you and not him telling me; I couldn't bear to see that man again.
You won't hang your coat behind the door.
Why do you insist on letting in these insufferable wild birds?!
Give a man some bread, and he'll be full for a day. Give a man the name of Full, and he'll be full forever.
How many moons does Mars have?
You look like some kind of secret agent or something!
The attic. A place rarely ventured, full of old stuff long forgotten about.
You work in an office? I suppose most people do, don't they? Is it fun? No? Oh well.
How much of what you just told me did you tell Tom?
How much longer do you think we'll have to wait?
How much longer do you expect me to wait for you?
How many times do I have to say I'm sorry?
How much do you know about Tom's job?
How much longer am I going to have to do this?
How much time do I have left?
How many more of these do you have?
How much trouble am I in?
How many men are guarding Tom?
How much do you charge per hour?
How much does a soccer ball weigh?
How much does this weigh?
How many apples do you have?
How many are on your team?
How many books have you read so far this summer?
How many bracelets do you think Mary has?
How many bus stops are there between here and where you get off?
How many calories is a peanut butter sandwich?
How many came to your wedding?
How many cups of coffee did you drink today?
How many dates did you go on last month?
How many days do we have left until summer vacation begins?
How many days will you stay in Boston?
How many did you want?
How many drinks did you have at lunch?
How many drinks did you have?
How many drinks have you had?
How many glasses of wine did you drink before I got here?
How many guests are you expecting?
How many guests are you planning on?
How many guitar lessons have you had so far?
How many guitars do you own?
How many hospitals are there in Boston?
How many hours of sleep do you get every night?
How many kids does Tom have?
How many margaritas have you drunk?
How many medications are you on?
How many more classes do you have today?
How many museums did you visit?
How many names were on the list?
How many of them were there?
How many of these are yours?
How many of these pills did you take?
How many of us were there?
How many of you are going?
How many of you live here?
How many of you plan to be here again tomorrow?
How many offers did you get?
How many other guys named Tom do you know?
How many other people know about this?
How many people are at this party?
How many people are currently on your staff?
How many people are currently working for you?
How many people are down there?
How many people are in there?
How many people are infected?
How many people are on the list now?
How many people are on your staff?
How many people are out there?
How many people did you tell?
How many people do you know that can speak French?
How many people do you know who can do this?
How many people do you think there'll be?
How many people have you told?
How many people know about us?
How many people live in Australia?
How many people survived?
How many people work for you?
How many people would it take to get the job done by tomorrow?
How many pictures do you need?
How many pills did you take?
How many questions were on the test?
How many questions were there on the test?
How many sailors were aboard the ship that sunk?
How many shots did you fire?
How many shots did you hear?
How many suitcases are you taking on your trip?
How many survivors were there?
How many tickets did you get?
How many times a month do you go to the mall?
How many times are you going to ask me that question?
How many times are you going to ask me that?
How many times are you going to bring that up?
How many times did it happen?
How many times did you do that?
How many times did you get shot?
How many times did you shoot?
How many times do I have to apologize?
How many times do I have to ask you to call me by my first name?
How many times do I have to explain this to you?
How many times do you think I'm going to have to ask Tom to clean his room before he cleans it?
How many times do you think we're going to have to do this?
How many times has that happened?
How many times has Tom called?
How many times have I heard you say that?
How many times have I told you guys to stay out of my room?
How many times have I told you not to hang out with guys like Tom?
How many times have you done that?
How many times have you seen this?
How many votes did I get?
How many were on the plane?
How many years ago did you realize you were adopted?
How many years has Tom lived in Boston?
How many years has Tom worked here?
How many years have you been studying French?
How many years have you lived in Boston?
How much are you guys paying?
How much are you willing to lose?
How much bread do you eat every day?
How much can you afford to lose?
How much candy have you had?
How much cash do you have?
How much could I make a week working here?
How much did I lose?
How much did it cost us?
How much did it cost?
How much did they cost?
How much did they pay for that?
How much did they pay you?
How much did Tom pay you?
How much did Tom take from you?
How much did you bid?
How much did you guys spend?
How much did you lose this time?
How much did you pay for it?
How much did you pay for this?
How much did you pay?
How much did you say this cost?
How much did you see?
How much did you spend on this?
How much did you tell Tom?
How much did you win?
How much distance have we covered?
How much do those things cost?
How much do you know about the process?
How much do you know about what happened here last week?
How much do you know?
How much do you make?
How much do you think it's all worth?
How much does it cost to get to Boston?
How much does Tom earn a month?
How much does Tom know about you?
How much does Tom pay you?
How much does Tom spend a month?
How much drinking water do we have left?
How much further is it?
How much has the plan been changed?
How much have you had to drink?
How much is in your checking account?
How much is it going to cost me?
How much is it worth to you?
How much is this going to cost us?
How much is too much?
How much longer are we going to be kept here?
How much longer are we going to put up with this noise?
How much longer are we going to wait?
How much longer are you going to be here?
How much longer can we stay here?
How much longer do we have?
How much longer do you think I have?
How much longer do you think this will take?
How much longer do you think you'll be?
How much longer do you think you'll need?
How much longer is it going to take?
How much longer is this going to take?
How much longer will it be?
How much longer do you think it'll be?
How much luggage can we take?
How much money did you bring with you?
How much money did you give Tom?
How much money do you have saved up?
How much money does Tom have?
How much money does Tom make a month?
How much money does Tom need to borrow?
How much more do they expect us to take?
How much more do we need?
How much more money is it going to cost to finish building our house?
How much of this are you responsible for?
How much of this did you drink?
How much of this did you know beforehand?
How much of this did you write?
How much of this is Tom's fault?
How much rent does Tom charge you?
How much rest do you need?
How much sleep did you get last night?
How much sleep do you usually get?
How much sugar do you put in your tea?
How much time are you going to stay in Boston?
How much time did we lose?
How much time do I have?
How much time do we have before dinner?
How much time do we have before the movie starts?
How much time do we have before we leave?
How much time do you have?
How much time do you need?
How much time do you plan to spend on this?
How much time do you spend on homework every day?
How much time does it take?
How much time does that require?
How much time does Tom have?
How much time is left?
How much time will you need?
How much was it costing you per month to send Tom to boarding school?
How much was it?
How much were you paid to say that?
How much will it cost to build?
How much will it cost to have my car washed?
How much would you charge to paint my house?
I understand his anger.
Sooner or later secrets become widely known.
She turns him round her little finger anyways!
That's pointless.
It makes no sense.
One of the subjects that run all through the movie is the subject of urban romance.
In he was arrested and exiled to Siberia.
The child is drinking some milk.
The man is reading a newspaper.
The woman is working.
What is this? This is a car.
Who is that? That is a woman.
He's younger than most of us, but he's shown himself as a competent specialist.
A good master wouldn't let his dog out in such cold weather.
What made him leave his home and run away late at night?
Because of the shock, she gave birth too soon.
I prefer tea over coffee.
The weather wasn't favourable to us.
Today the weather is so bad that a good master wouldn't let his dog out.
This cat is very fat.
The president's proposal was approbated.
Being a healthy eater will not stop you gaining weight once you hit middle age, Australian researchers have found.
You told me I was a princess.
Who said that it would be easy?
Thanks for your explanation. It helps to understand the sentence correctly.
I'm looking for recipes for a chocolate cake without any chocolate.
This chocolate has a bittersweet taste.
This chocolate tastes bittersweet.
I have no prejudice.
I have a very important issue to you. An issue that can't be addressed on the phone. Can we meet?
Let's leave it as it stands.
The natives are very hospitable.
I probably misunderstood something, so I won't insist.
Danger always looks bigger through the eyes of fear.
Maybe I took something wrong, so I'm not going to insist.
What are those outgrowths on the oak leaves?
It's still obscure to me.
If you change a sentence that already has some translations, please warn the authors of the translations about it.
Now I live in a city. Nevertheless, the distance between my house and the large forest is only about a kilometer.
I like what you've written, and I completely agree with you.
The Russian language is a great thing. It seems that thing is too great for my small head!
He owed a lot to her.
I'm warmly greeting you on Tatoeba too.
What's your native language? Mari? I lately discovered this language after reading the article about the Finno-Ugric languages on Wikipedia. These languages have a very interesting history.
I overslept today.
It seems something's gone wrong.
Nobody writes in Russian more than you do.
How can you be this pessimistic?
I know you could always be relied on.
The word "Entbindung", meaning "birth", is ambiguous; it can also mean "death".
I can see the sea and the river.
I believe nobody. I don't believe myself. I'm a hopeless man.
The last hope left her.
I'll read more attentively.
I can't look at you without thinking about Ken.
You've achieved a lot.
But that's not the point.
Why does my wife not understand me?
You're both very polite.
A mistery is what's not clear. For example, this is a real mistery.
That's a very convincing argument.
Nobody has ever asked such a question before.
I'm going to stay at your countryhouse for a couple of days, and I think you don't mind.
How much longer do you think it'll be until Tom gets here?
Did you know that the crane is a migratory bird and that it can lift up to one hundred kilograms?
How much longer do you think it'll be until it starts raining?
How much longer do you think it'll be until the job is finished?
How much longer do you think it'll be until the cake is ready to come out of the oven?
"Fuck-suck!" cried Robert, "and what the hell should we do now?"
Yoshkar-Ola is a Mari city, you're shining with your glory.
You're polite as fuck!
"May I come in?" asked the student. "You april come in" replied the teacher.
I have to learn a language.
I need a book to read.
One eye sleeps, the other sees.
The first king of Hungary was crowned in the year 1000.
Unfortunately, you're too young a little.
In this legal system, corporal punishment is imposed on adult men only.
Does she understand Italian?
Tom spread some strawberry jam on a slice of bread.
How long did you sleep last night?
How much longer do you think it'll take?
If that's how matters stand, the next parliament will be uncontrollable.
The more you work, the more you gain.
How many hours did you sleep last night?
I don't know how, but they got a duplicate key.
You called your son Tom.
There he goes!
Though it is no longer considered a mistake to omit a comma, nevertheless it is desirable to put it in.
A few seconds ago I was in the open air and the bright daylight, and now my eyes refuse to serve me in this darkness.
When someone makes a request to you: "Tell me honestly...", you realize in horror that now you're likely going to have to lie a lot.
He kicked the bucket.
He can rot in hell.
"That's impossible!" said Reason. "That's insane!" noted Experience. "That's pointless!" cut Pride. "Take a try..." whispered Dream. "Fuck it all" replied Laziness.
They knew what friendship is worth and cherished it like the apples of their eyes.
Every morning Tom went along the beach and looked for shellfish he didn't know.
Sometimes a bright word comes suddenly, without any search, by itself.
There are traceries around each window of old man Simon's house.
Bob's your uncle.
"He who manages to reestablish my crown receives a reward" said the king. "He receives my daughter, the princess, as his wife."
His cooking is the best.
You arrived on time.
Y ain't ya axed 'bout dat?
Just follow the link down below!
He dreams that everybody in China speaks Esperanto.
He built a large shopping center.
I've made a correction.
I went to see my parents.
I remember getting really sick after we ate these.
It captures his personality.
Is that because you are in Cannington right now?
This deodorant leaves white stains on the shirt.
This deodorant leaves white stains on my shirt.
I only use environmentally friendly sprays.
I only use sprays that are friendly to the environment.
I only use biodegradable bags.
We need to take care of the earth.
We need to protect the earth.
Hang on. The ambulance will get here in just a little bit.
I never have time to get through all the paperwork.
I'm using a private teacher.
I'm using a tutor.
We weren't given homework.
I have a private teacher.
Give me a shawarma and a diet cola.
I don't want to suffer for no reason.
I don't want to suffer.
The teacher didn't give us any homework.
I don't have any homework tonight.
How did I know?!
Prove to me that you don't have a sister.
She has a big heart.
He has a big heart.
Maybe this year we'll finally win Eurovision.
I don't know how to write about what's going on in my life.
Do we have enough gas for the trip?
You're playing at being a conscientious objector, but mark my words: when all is said and done, you'll join the army like everyone else.
I have no more energy for this kind of life.
I don't have the energy for this life anymore.
I hear the music from the ice cream truck.
It's cold here.
Hundreds of people came out into the square.
Thousands upon thousands of soldiers died in the war.
The CEO is very satisfied with the result.
The CEO is very disappointed with the result.
The result is opposite to what we expected.
The result is opposite to our expectations.
The outcome of the test shows that the system has already fulfilled all design requirements.
No one could predict the outcome of this cooperation.
Pass me the pepper grinder.
I will only live for my child in the future.
Physics doesn't interest me at all.
I only did it for your satisfaction.
Is there anything else I should know?
Stop right there, Tom.
When was your last day off?
It's pure escapism.
I think you know why.
Mary discovered that Tom was secretly a talented singer.
Food is one of the great pleasures in life.
Food is one of life's greatest pleasures.
It's one of life's greatest pleasures.
Eating is one of life's great pleasures.
It gets boring after a while.
What is life's greatest pleasure?
This is a very entertaining story.
This sentence is funny.
This sentence is sad.
This sentence is boring.
This sentence is too short.
We need to work together.
We need to work together in order to make Tatoeba a better website.
I think you know why I summoned you.
I think you know why I called you.
I think you know why I'm calling you.
Why did you want to talk to me?
Why do you want to talk to me?
We need to work together in order to make the world a better place.
What are some cute girl hairstyles?
What are some cute hairstyles for girls?
My hands began to sweat.
I think I know why.
How could you know that?
I could not help smiling.
Tom could not help smiling.
You're not very good at it.
I'm happy with what I have.
This is about you, isn't it?
I like the Harry Potter books.
I think that the Harry Potter series is longer than the Bible.
I'm not sure what I should read: Harry Potter or the Bible?
What are some good books to read?
This isn't about you, Tom.
She thinks it's a waste of time.
He thinks it's a waste of time.
It frustrates me to no end.
I think it's a waste of time.
"You never told me that!" "Yes, I did!"
Life goes by pretty fast.
What are you doing down here?
What are you doing up there?
It's a good school.
We got married a few years ago.
I think that games such as Candy Crush are a waste of time.
Tom has no interest in science.
She sounds very immature.
He sounds very immature.
That's very considerate of you.
Why don't we go somewhere private?
Can we go somewhere and talk?
We need to see each other more often.
We should see each other more often.
Let's go somewhere private so we can talk.
We should get to know each other a little better.
Get them while you can.
I just spoke to her.
I just spoke to him.
He hasn't confessed yet.
You may not believe it, but sometimes I want to give up everything and run away.
Under the Tatoeba guidelines, it is recommended that members only add sentences in their native language and/or translate from a language they can understand into their native language. The reason for this is that it is much easier to form natural-sounding sentences in one's native language. When we write in a language other than our native language, it is very easy to produce sentences that sound strange. Please make sure you only translate the sentence if you are sure you know what it means.
Travel agency "Grand Tours": for one grand, a tour to any place on the globe!
He is a simple man.
This book is very thin.
This road is very narrow.
Who is your enemy?
He writes beautifully.
Where is your friend?
The patient needs to be looked after by a doctor. And the sooner the doctor looks after him, the better.
Tom has a cow.
Morning is never good.
I won't drink any more! Nor any less.
This ticket is made ​​out of paper.
You need to consider the consequences before making any modifications to existing code.
Because of a flaw in the original design, our website is vulnerable to SQL injection attacks.
Due to lack of manpower, we need more time than expected to handle this task.
As a result of the server breakdown, total PV of yesterday dropped by 30% compared with normal.
In consequence of some badly coded functions, the system is unstable most of the time.
In consequence of a new agreement between two competitors, we need to readjust our strategies.
We have optimized the database indexing, and as a result, system efficiency has improved by 50%.
As a consequence, additional tests must be carried out to ensure complete security.
The QA team has discovered a serious bug. As a consequence, it is recommended that all work be reviewed from the beginning.
According to the latest survey, 99% of employees want a free iPad.
The whole plan is only based on his personal opinions.
The calculation of the budget for next year is based on the costs this year.
Judging from the current situation, this project is sure to succeed.
For the sake of long-term interests, we have decided to sell the development department.
In order to complete the development on schedule, we request that other unrelated tasks be delayed for the moment.
Every function should have comments describing its purpose in order to avoid confusion.
In order to move the project along smoothly, we have revised the plan several times.
Not complying with the naming conventions will result in parse errors.
If small mistakes are not corrected at once, they may lead to serious problems.
We are open to all suggestions regarding the new design of the website.
This new project in Java doesn't concern me at all, because I'm a PHP developer.
He is going to take charge of a project concerning the future of the company.
The infrastructure of an application is directly related to its overall performance.
This process must be stopped immediately, otherwise the server will break down.
Our conclusion is based on previous studies into the problem.
We have come to the conclusion that this plan is not feasible currently.
In conclusion, the next step is to decide what we should do for the next step.
Other people need nine or ten hours of sleep.
Your impertinent attempts at national self-humilitiation have the vagary of a demented maniac, provide you with no condescension but accumulate contempt in the eyes of others and your total worthlessness is congruentially equivallent to your repugnantly low grammatic skills.
These two years were completely pointless. It seems to me that I haven't matured one bit since I've been at the university.
A part of me died with you, but you will live on in me forever.
This plastic chair is very cheap.
It would be nice if Tom didn't keep making unnecessary remarks.
With enough effort, anyone can beat the odds to become a winner.
There's no doubt that Tom's childhood laid down the blueprint for the rest of his life.
As a child, Tom dreamt of becoming a world famous author.
When Tom woke up, Mary was taking a shower.
This television is very heavy.
My book is very heavy.
I'm learning languages for fun.
I'm speaking a foreign language.
I've made a correction to the wrong sentence.
I already knew the truth.
I went shopping to buy something.
I have got much homework.
How much money have you got?
How much milk is there in the bottle?
I speak English fluently.
"Worry not, comrade, for I have a plan!" - "That worries me..."
"We must smash the dwarves." - "But we are the dwarves!" - "Oh... right."
There is some milk in the bottle.
There are a few books in the backpack.
We aren't as good as you.
Why are you staring at me, demon?
If I were a bad demolitionist, I wouldn't be sitting here discussing it with you now, would I?
This machine takes your money and gives you nothing in return.
Do it while you can.
Do it while you still can.
While you're young, you should travel.
You should travel while you're young instead of spending time in front of the computer.
Sex is one of life's greatest pleasures.
Love is better than sex.
She is wearing a green robe.
We're the only ones here.
It's going to break her heart.
He's sweet and caring.
There's no one around.
I'm sorry. I wish I could take back what I said.
You see, but you do not observe.
What are you looking at me for?
I had no idea that such individuals exist outside of stories.
We must call the police.
I believe in the sun even when it is not shining. I believe in love even when I do not feel it. I believe in God even when He is silent.
I crave for mental exaltation. That is why I have chosen my own particular profession, or rather created it, for I am the only one in the world.
Is more always better?
More is not always better.
My boyfriend has a lot of female friends.
We're not in high school anymore.
What year is this?
Lots of girls like him.
He's really popular, and I'm not.
You can use my computer if you want.
It's very kind of you.
Tom didn't notice that Mary was flirting with him.
Tom didn't even notice that Mary was flirting with him.
We've only been dating for a month.
He's 6'3" and I'm 5'10".
Thinking about it still makes me angry.
She's a plus-sized model.
He moved his leg so that it was touching mine.
I really care about him.
My ancestors are from Germany.
I heart Germany.
I met my boyfriend there.
I had to get it removed.
I had to get my tattoo removed.
She's blond and slim.
She looks so fake.
All the hot guys are already taken.
Tom lives off-campus.
I think I know what happened to Tom.
We've been waiting for an hour and the line has barely moved.
I hate guys like that.
I hate girls like that.
The workers are overworked and underpaid.
Are there any volunteers?
The child died from an asthma attack because the school didn't allow him to carry his inhaler with him.
The robots never get sick or complain and they can work hours a day.
I'm not naive, I'm just an optimist.
I think he said that he thinks it's important to think things through.
Tom and Mary made some gingerbread squirrels.
Thank you, everybody. Thank you so much.
We've been standing here for more than an hour and the line has barely moved.
We have been waiting for an hour and the snake has barely moved.
Wow, that line is huge!
I hate waiting in line.
I want to join you.
The line was huge and stretched all the way around the block.
France has a higher birthrate than most of Europe.
No one cares about me.
Mary is a plus-sized model.
I met Tom there.
I met Tom when I was working in Boston.
I met Tom for a few drinks after work.
He needs a taxi.
She needs a taxi.
I deserve to know the truth.
She deserves to know the truth.
Where's my brush?
Give me that book.
I really like this restaurant.
We speak low german, do you?
The benefit of being a consulting detective is that I can pick and choose my clients.
It's not so much his bragging as his posturing that bothers me.
He as much as admitted his guilt.
That is as dramatic a sunset as I've ever seen.
She looks older, of course, but none the worse for wear.
You're no more a singer than I'm a ballerina.
You're not any more qualified to teach the subject than they are.
That remark is no less damning than what you said in the first place.
It cost no less than fifty dollars to get home from the airport.
There was no more than a dusting of snow.
There were no fewer than five women standing outside, claiming to be his wife.
I couldn't even walk away, much less run.
When do the guided tours of the president's house take place, and how much do they cost?
Fifteen times five equals seventy-five.
Fairies exist only in fairy tales.
When's dinner?
Who ordered pizza?
Who's the pizza for?
She only wants alimony. In every other respect, I mean nothing to her.
Make sure you closed the freezer door correctly.
Make sure you closed the freezer door well.
What did I tell you about leaving the milk open in the refrigerator door?!
I think the meal was wonderful, wasn't it?
All those I didn't call by name, go outside.
The country demands social justice.
The policeman pulled out his baton.
You're going to be jealous.
I took a taxi from the train station to the hotel.
Tomorrow's a new day.
I was trying to talk to you.
He's urinating blood.
There's a myth that Edison invented the light bulb.
Blessed You, our God, King of the world, for not making me a woman.
We've been waiting in line for over an hour.
He regretted having been lazy.
Free the animals from the cage.
The girl bought milk from the market.
">" means greater than.
I can bake bread.
During my childhood, I used to come here frequently, look around and think.
Tom doesn't know the difference between Europe and the European Union.
Jackdaws love my big sphinx of quartz.
They keep forgetting to pay the bills.
There's a new restaurant on Cherry Avenue.
You are the woman of my dreams.
You must teach it to me.
Is this restaurant open?
Does this fit?
When I get the milk out of the fridge, I close the fridge door by giving it a shove with my elbow. How do you do it?
I'll never be your whore.
The soul of sweet delight, can never be defiled.
It's only three days until Christmas.
So I was right?
You were right, I had already listened to them.
Go to school and study!
She does have a lot of math homework.
I'm not racist, I just hate everybody.
Suddenly there was a sudden squeak somewhere. It was very sudden. Sudden... Try saying that word fifty times then using it in a sentence...
A beer today or a degree tomorrow?
Nobody did anything worthy this year.
I study mathematics.
Please send this document before the end of the month.
Don't play the victim if you're the one pointing the gun.
He gave his seat to the old man.
Everyone respects Erkin.
I definitely don't know them.
They studied the Uyghur language for two years.
I read his book.
I happened to see Tursun at the market.
You're the reason I came.
I've never seen the Eiffel Tower of Paris.
Emet doesn't like that woman.
I want the details.
"Can one eat this mushroom?" "One can eat anything — at least once."
In Japan, it's three in the morning now.
Tom prides himself on having read the original "À la recherche des temps perdu" all the way through.
There is a vast difference between being able to make oneself understood in English and mastering the English language perfectly.
What noise do giraffes make?
What noise might giraffes make?
My daughter frequently experienced asthma attacks as a child.
As a child, my daughter had frequent asthma attacks.
I'd like to go a bit slower.
I'd like to walk a bit slower.
I just ran into Tom in the cafeteria.
I just ran into Tom in the dining hall.
In no way does the fact that a text was written by a native speaker guarantee that it is any good.
"We haven't seen each other in a long time, Tom! Have you put on a little weight?" "Yes, lately I haven't been able to get myself to move around at all."
This update will be released at o'clock this morning.
During his time in high school, Tom became anorexic.
I've been back for a week, but I'm still suffering from jet lag.
I've been back home for a week, but I'm still suffering from jet lag.
While you're in the classroom, take off your caps!
Take off your caps in the classroom!
Look away for a minute! I'm going to quickly change my clothes.
"Hey, why is the window open?" "I just opened it to let in a little air. If you're cold, feel free to close it."
They will hold a meeting at o'clock this afternoon.
"Are you happy, Tom?" "Yes, I am." "If you are, then so am I." "And if you are, Mary, so am I."
We shall fix all bugs today before leaving the office.
They will contact us before midday today.
What's the difference between religion and philosophy?
All bugs should be fixed today before we leave.
"A new cafe has opened up in front of the train station. Wouldn't you like to go there with me sometime?" "Of course! When would be good for you?"
The server reboot is scheduled at o'clock this evening.
Less than a week after school started, Tom already had a hundred friends.
I like your dogs.
Less than a week after the matriculation ceremony, Tom already had a hundred friends.
On the street at night, Tom was threatened by an unfamiliar man with a knife and robbed of his money.
Tom finally managed to pry Mary's real opinion from her.
You're wanting to exchange your car for a more modern one.
Tom finally managed to get Mary's true opinion out of her.
"Tom, do you know what kind of script this is?" "Probably Tibetan, but I can't read a bit of it."
"Tom, do you know what kind of writing this is?" "Probably Tibetan, but I can't read a bit of it."
What you need is staying power.
What you lack is stamina.
I wish I had an 80-yen stamp.
Of course it's a good thing when someone learning a foreign language tries to use it without fear of making mistakes, but I don't think much of people without sufficient ability producing language learning material of poor quality.
I met Tom this January.
Tom confessed to having stolen the bicycle.
Tom admitted that he had stolen the bike.
Where were you? I've been looking for you for a long time.
One must not confuse "must not" with "need not".
My favorite part of the Appassionata is the second movement.
The root cause of any divorce is marriage.
Upbringing is what remains when one has forgotten everything one has learned.
In language textbooks, there are often only good people.
Language textbooks often contain only good people.
Being able to make oneself understood in English is vastly different from mastering the language perfectly.
Language textbooks often feature only good people.
Tom was threatened with a knife on the street at night by an unfamiliar man and robbed of his money.
I feel dizzy. I think I'm going to faint.
In Japan, it's now 3:a.m.
What sound does a giraffe make?
My daughter often had asthma attacks when she was a child.
I want to walk a little slower.
Would you mind looking the other way for just a minute while I change my clothes?
Would you mind looking the other way while I change my clothes?
Could you please look the other way while I change my clothes?
I'm always in a fucking hurry.
I'm busy all the fucking time.
Why are you staring at me as if I was a clown? Do you expect me to perform a stunt?
Who am I actually: a monk dreaming he's a butterfly, or a butterfly dreaming it's a monk?
Times are troubled now.
Haven't you been to Tahiti?
You what? I never thought about that!
If you do like this, you won't justify your friends' trust.
Do you realize the fact that we, generally speaking, are drowning?
I don't know what it was, but it was marvellous!
I could hardly make out half of what she'd said, she was hurrying to share the obtained information. I had to listen twice.
"Who's that sleeping?" "Professor Lupin." "How does she know everything?" "It's all written on his luggage" "Is he really sleeping?" "Seems so. Why?"
Series are best watched after all seasons have been filmed.
When I entered the plane and counted eight infants, I understandably felt worse, and my hope for sound sleep winced and hid in the corner of my subconsciousness.
He shished, mished, farted, got out.
Nelson Mandela was one of those rare people who manage to win universal acclaim throughout the world.
The date today is 11.12.13. This won't happen again this century.
When Tom was walking down the street at night, a man he didn't know threatened him with a knife and robbed him of his cash.
Thank you so much for being here.
"Has Tom lost his reason?" "If there were what to lost..."
"Which would you choose - to have your eye put out or your ass fucked?" "I see your eyes are both in their place."
We'll do it, but only after the show. And now we have to answer the guy's questions.
The cannon! They're loading the cannon! Why? Ah! They're going to shoot! Pick up speed - one, two, one, two!
You know it yourself: a man without any documents is strictly forbidden to exist.
The game won't fly away, it's fried.
He didn't want to be cheated again, and was always on the alert.
I feel like I've been cheated.
Don't let yourself be cheated!
I'd be surprised if Tom taught me English.
She'd been sitting at the stop for about ten minutes till the bus arrived.
We hoped we'd succeed today.
This has never happened before.
Many writers desire to look into the eyes of their works' translators.
Don't go far away from me, who knows what may happen.
Get out of my life and never return.
Down with the dictionaries.
I completely disagree with you.
The truth is opaque and consequently imperceptible.
The doctor seized the patient's hand and said: "So how do you feel today?"
This man only has to open his mouth for you to see that he lacks education.
Don't eat me, gray wolf, I'll sing a song for you.
Life is a short walk before eternal sleep.
So that we can see how much we overeat, our stomach is on the same side as our eyes.
Stop finding fault with my every word.
If we didn't satisfy your expectations, that's your problem.
I just finished breakfast.
Fuck neutrality!
Please give me one 80-yen stamp.
Hope you've enjoyed your bath!
Are you a man or a woman?
Emily is English.
Emily and Melanie are English.
Tirana is an Albanian town.
Tirana is in Albania.
Tirana is the capital city of Albania.
I wonder if Tom still remembers me.
Don't forget that she's a woman.
The child received piano and singing lessons.
Markku seemed pleasantly surprised.
Something is going on here.
Do you live there?
I climbed in through the window.
"How did you get in here?" "I climbed in through the window."
When will you be back home?
What time will you be back home?
What time will you be back?
Who do you think did this?
Where have you put all the spoons?
Do we have any clean spoons?
It looks like we have no clean silverware.
God save Ukraine!
Imagination is more important than knowledge. Knowledge is limited.
To live is good, but it's good to live even better!
Good morning, friends, this is the programme "Life is pain!".
It's easy to lose your footing on loose gravel.
My opinions may have changed, but not the fact that I'm right.
Tom was discharged from the army for conduct unbecoming an officer.
Learning without thought is labor lost; thought without learning is perilous.
When a country is well governed, poverty and a mean condition are things to be ashamed of. When a country is ill governed, riches and honor are things to be ashamed of.
He speaks Uyghur well.
Tom put on some clothes.
"Is it OK to eat this mushroom?" "It's OK to eat anything once."
"Can I eat this mushroom?" "You can eat anything one time."
You can eat any mushroom once.
Any mushroom can be eaten, but some only once.
Some mushrooms are safe to eat, others are not.
Ageing isn't good, but the alternative is no better.
Getting old is not good, but dying young isn't too good either.
We have a very famous jew as a guest.
It's long been known that spoken language is the most difficult to be translated.
Yes, I've seen cats without a smile, but a smile with no cat...
Three x cubed plus a constant... What am I on about?
Tom fished a key out of his pocket and unlocked the door.
Tom pulled a key out of his pocket and unlocked the door.
Tom took a key out of his pocket and unlocked the door.
Tom got out of his car and unlocked the gate.
Tom broke the door window, reached inside, unlocked the door and got into the car.
Tom unlocked the door and opened it.
She was clad in a kimono.
Tom and Mary can't afford to buy a house.
Are you doing anything tomorrow night?
I'll show you that you're wrong.
It doesn't look like the performance is about to end.
Some companies discriminate against women who are pregnant or who say that they intend to have children.
He owns a Stradivarius.
Tom says that digital audio lacks the warmth of vinyl records.
The patient made a full recovery.
Isn't this a wonderful evening?
The scientists weren't sure if the experiment was going to work.
Norwegian, Swedish and Danish are mutually intelligible to a high degree.
I try to keep business and pleasure separate.
Yes, I said that, but I was wrong.
There is still a great deal about the human brain that we don't understand.
Read the assembly instructions carefully.
Read the instructions carefully.
I'll always remember the first time I saw him.
I'll always remember the first time I saw her.
I'll always remember the first time I saw Tom.
I'll always remember the first time I saw you.
Have I done something to offend you?
Stay where you are. I'm on my way.
Tom is enrolled in a magnet school.
There's nothing more you can do for me.
I want to do something with my life.
He confessed that he loved her.
She confessed that she loved him.
Three x cubed plus a constant... Where was I?
I don't live in this city.
I don't live in that city.
I just don't feel like going to school today.
I don't feel like going shopping with you today.
You're the one causing all the trouble.
I'm sorry to have caused you all this trouble.
Do you know what caused the problem?
I like these hats.
I fell in love with a girl from Vienna.
When you expect to get something for nothing, the only person you're fooling is yourself.
A number of same-sex marriages conducted last weekend have been declared null and void after the High Court of Australia ruled that the legislation allowing the marriages was unconstitutional.
You're a threat to our mission.
Yesterday is already history, and tomorrow, a mystery. However, today is a present of fate, and presents are supposed to bring joy.
How the hell did you get a picture of my living room?
This was one of her better attempts.
Is this an early attempt at cake making?
Tom grew a beard because he thought that all wise men had beards.
This sentence already exists.
A beard doesn't make a philosopher, nor does wearing a cheap coat.
It came to a heated exchange of words.
Tom reached into his pocket and pulled out a handful of coins.
Tom bent down and picked up a handful of sand.
Mary suffered from severe postnatal depression after the birth of her first child.
A study has shown that dairy cattle can increase their milk production by up to three percent after having soothing music played to them for twelve hours per day over a nine-week period.
Tom opened his mouth to say something, but Mary interrupted him.
Our world changes as fast as never before. Every week we get further from the plain living of our ancestors.
I thought you were Tom's legal guardian.
This morning I woke up brisk though I went to bed late yesterday.
Alex' mother lapsed into a coma not long before the fall of the Berlin Wall.
Tom walked through the metal detector.
Tom was wearing mirrored sunglasses and a black baseball cap.
Can you talk to me?
You open the door.
We open the door.
They open the door.
He opens the door.
She opens the door.
Stupidity is not a disability!
Mild to moderate cases of eye floaters can be frustrating and debilitating - but only if you let them.
This sentence has not previously been added to the Tatoeba project.
She is looking forward to going to the movies with him.
I do not need a residence permit because I am from Iceland.
I haven't used this very much.
There is someone in this room.
He said something.
I said something.
Tomorrow I'm going back home.
I'm going back home tomorrow.
I'm going back to Boston tomorrow.
I couldn't call you.
Tom became anorexic when he was in high school.
I like Japanese girls.
The dumb masses believe that Mandela was a decent man.
It's normal to make mistakes.
I'm sure I've never seen her.
She said something.
This is not the America I want for my children.
This is not the America I know and love.
I felt dirty after helping him.
My Arabic isn't very good.
Resentment is like drinking poison, and then hoping it will kill your enemy.
It was an accidental meeting.
You've reached the bottom.
I'd like to drink a cup of tea.
Which street should I start with?
On which street should I start?
Which street should we start with?
I'm arriving now.
I'm getting in now.
The funeral procession reached the burial site, where a hole had been dug that smelled of fresh earth.
They gave their horses water.
Avocados are rich in vitamin E.
I'm not good at speaking French.
A violinist I know claims that he owns a Stradivarius.
A violinist I know says that he owns a Stradivarius.
Tom thought his violin was a Stradivarius because the name Stradivarius was on the label inside his violin.
He kicked me twice.
He hit me twice.
And you're a teacher, right?
I'll postpone my trip to England until it gets warmer.
Does this path lead to the train station?
After the holidays, I'll probably need to go on a diet again.
When she walked through the door, my heart began to beat faster.
Don't leave your hands outside the window.
It's interesting to learn a foreign language.
Tom made a list of potential problems that we should watch out for.
You should be proud of what you've accomplished.
Tom became anorexic when he was a high school student.
Tom lit the candle and then blew out the match.
You should be proud of yourselves.
You should be proud of yourself.
We should be proud of ourselves.
Tom began to undress, but then noticed that the curtain was open, so he went over to close it.
Tom and I roomed together in college.
Tom and I were roommates in college.
Tom and John roomed together at the academy.
Tom had his shirt tucked in, but John had his shirttail out.
Tom removed his pistol from his shoulder holster and laid it on the table.
Our country has no future.
There's no tomorrow for these people.
Pigs cannot run the nations.
They are a bunch of indoctrinated morons.
Brainwashing works!
Tom thought Mary might have been brainwashed.
I think I've been brainwashed.
They kidnapped me, drugged me, and then brainwashed me.
Some people think that advertising is a form of brainwashing.
You're lucky you were born in this beautiful city.
Are you busy on Monday?
Do you have any free time on Monday?
Would you have some time on Monday to come over and help me move my piano?
Would you like to come over for dinner after work on Monday?
Does your throat hurt?
I know exactly where she is.
I know exactly where he is.
The cat loves playing in the garden.
What're you planning on doing after you graduate from high school?
What're you planning on doing after you retire?
What're you planning to do after you retire?
What're you planning to do after you graduate from high school?
Don't put your hand out the window.
I know exactly where I left my keys.
I don't know exactly where I left my keys, but I think they're on the dining room table.
I wish I could remember where I left my umbrella.
Life on Earth may be expensive.
Do all plants carry out photosynthesis?
Green plants carry out photosynthesis.
How did you manage that?
I need your opinions.
That is too scary.
This system of linear equations has infinitely many solutions.
This system of linear equations has exactly one solution.
A cat is a miniature lion that loves mice, hates dogs and tolerates humans.
Division by zero is a big no-no in mathematics.
The wine was excellent.
Don't feed the trolls.
Some people argue just for the sake of arguing.
I'm in love with a wonderful girl.
Literature is the future of a nation.
Sentences are being added to Tatoeba at a phenomenal rate.
Can they die?
A witty man is only worth something if he has character.
English is a language.
There was no response.
It's horrible.
His body is perfect.
Her body is perfect.
While there is concern about children's development, there is uncertainty about giving them a lot of lee-way.
The newborn giraffe stumbled around on rickety legs.
William was arrested by the police.
He was a jihadist.
I don't know why I'm scared.
Tom kissed Mary while John and Alice were looking the other way.
Calm down and be cool.
You're not going to like it.
A good deed is its own reward.
He always thinks ten steps ahead.
What's Tom doing right now?
Why don't you put on some clothes?
Your children are remarkably well-behaved.
You've gained a few pounds.
You should be at home with your wife.
When Tom reached the front door, he noticed it was slightly open.
We're very proud of you.
Tom took a seat across from Mary.
The party's just getting started.
Mary and Alice pretended they were sisters.
Tom pretended to be my brother.
Tom and John pretended they were brothers.
Tom and John pretended to be brothers.
Tom pretended he was my brother.
I have an important mission for you.
Maybe it was just a fluke.
Maybe it was just an oversight.
Is there something you're not telling us?
Is there something you're not telling me?
She was impossible to ignore.
Tom is very busy and doesn't have much time for relationships.
Tom is a great guy, but we're really different.
Would it be OK if I asked you a personal question?
We don't have to worry about that anymore.
You and Tom were childhood friends, right?
Hey, handsome.
Tom is painting the deck.
He's lazy and vain.
There were several couples on the beach.
I always get what I'm after.
Tom always seems to get his own way.
We're going to the mall.
Leave them alone.
Tom went to go call the police.
Stop bullying him.
Stop bullying her.
You've aroused my interest.
"Where do you want to eat?" "I don't know. You choose."
I felt the tension grow between us.
You're such a weirdo.
What are you so nervous about?
His muscles were rock-hard.
You can meet us downstairs when you're ready.
He touched her hair.
What're you so nervous about?
Do you have a T-shirt I can borrow?
I only demand your complete loyalty.
They were nose to nose.
He leaned even closer.
I find you irresistible.
She pulled her hair into a ponytail.
I couldn't speak.
He took my breath away.
She had never been kissed like this.
The moon was dim.
I have never been kissed like that.
I had never been kissed like that.
I would die for you.
Everyone has been there.
Everyone I know has been there.
What? What did you say?
What's the best way to approach a guy?
I'd like an 80-yen stamp, please.
No matter how hard you try, you won't be able to do it.
Tom put some clothes on.
I don't have anything to do right now.
The famous song "Ave Maria" was composed by Schubert.
The meat is cooked to perfection.
All medals have two faces.
I know how dangerous it can be to be with her.
Please relax and take it easy.
I got letters from a person I've never met.
Lies beget lies.
The ability to work hard is an admirable quality, but the ability to relax is equally important.
I have complete faith in his abilities.
I am your twin.
Doesn't he live in Montmartre anymore?
Demand creates supply.
Only prayers keep him alive.
A cloud is condensed steam.
We have two sons.
I went to the theater early to get a good seat.
I went to the theater early so I could get a good seat.
We went to the theater early so we could get good seats.
We went to the theater early to get good seats.
He seemed to be in a good mood.
Mary is a really intelligent child.
She couldn't understand what had happened there.
You're the woman of my dreams.
I couldn't keep from smiling.
Mary is blonde.
Lies beget more lies.
Does Tom understand French?
Tom kept his cool.
Tom gently kissed his daughter on the forehead.
Tom eats eggs without salt or pepper.
Tom entered the office carrying an armload of mail.
Tom fixed himself a cocktail.
Tom gave me a dozen cookies in a plastic bag.
They're staring at each other.
That was the most successful party we've ever had.
Nothing out of the ordinary happened.
I'm listening here in Brazil.
Tom had to bite the bullet.
Tom tried to ignore the pain.
Tom's useless.
In the end, Tom had to bite the bullet and take responsibility for his actions.
Don't take what Tom says at face value.
My son who is in the fifth grade has transferred from Shizuoka to an elementary school in Nagoya.
Tom burned a wad of bills.
It is as good as lost.
An uneasy conscience betrays itself.
That's his guilty conscience speaking.
Tom burned a big wad of hundred dollar bills.
Yesterday is a more "yest" day than today. On the other hand, a "yest" day is the most "y" day.
For this he got it in the neck at work.
Take care of old people.
Come a little closer.
Next week I'll write an e-mail to my parents.
She's two years younger than me.
We live in the present only.
You played.
You were playing.
You've played.
You'd played.
You've been playing.
You'd been playing.
You had played.
You have played.
You have been playing.
You had been playing.
He died so that we could live.
I was in a hurry in order not to miss the train.
Water bears several vital functions in a man's organism. It serves as a transport means for nutrients, regulates body temperature, and plays an important part in metabolism.
Optimism is lack of information.
The goal-keeper took his place at the goal.
The mother is really annoyed by the sound of the father sipping tea.
Fear your own shadow.
I want to say "goodbye" and "thanks" in Esperanto. Can you help me?
He's moved away.
Today I'm paying!
Today I'm crying!
I like them both.
His behaviour was bad.
He crossed the street when the signal was red.
The shoulder joins the arm to the torso.
We held a seminar.
There's an opinion that such coincidences are not coincident at all.
We can find friends wherever we go.
We should protect the forest.
Sitting on a couch, you won't achieve a lot.
He didn't even read it.
"Give me a kuritsa please!" "What?" "Kuritza! I want a kuritsa! Give me this kuritsa." "No, this is a chicken." "I don't want a chicken. I want a kuritsa!"
Tom doesn't know the difference between an Austrian and a German.
His carpet is completely white.
The more you know, the more you understand that you know nothing.
Here the fall came.
That's what addresses the issue.
That's what resolves the question.
Advertisement is a skill of convincing people to spend money they don't have on things they don't need.
This man is my direct boss.
This man is my immediate superior.
But that's another story entirely.
I take it as a sign of hope.
Yokhen is my good friend.
You should stop playing.
Being a prince is not that easy.
Vitya is looking at the map of Russia on the wall.
He's always somewhat tired and anxious, his eyes only shine a dim blue-gray light.
Nothing justifies their existence.
The film relates the tragic fate of the slaves in the eighteenth century.
The TV set into the wall looks disgusting.
They were turned out of doors.
They got the key to the street.
They asked Mary to look after the children.
This one won't.
Sometimes I can't understand what comes over you. I'd like to know that.
I'd like to know that too.
Sometimes I don't quite get what comes over you. I wish I knew that!
That's it! I'm raising all taxes in Hyrule by fifty thousand rupees!
I'm far from thinking anything bad about you; on the contrary, I'm grateful to you for expressing this accusation. The uncertain situation I've been in for the last two years has been unbearable for me.
These meetings are infinite and fruitless.
Do you even lift?
I did tell you to stay in the car.
I hope to meet this man.
Going to the school by bus doesn't take long.
"Sometimes I can't understand what comes over you. I'd like to know that." "I'd like to know that too..."
We welcomed their decision.
The main secret of thoughts is where do they come from? It is impossible to catch a thought until it comes to your mind. That's why I take my own thoughts as a gift that I'm happy to use.
"Sometimes I can't quite get what comes over you. I wish I knew that!" "I wish I knew that, too."
No one wants to be the last, but everyone wants to be the first.
Why on earth are you still angry at me?
Why haven't you replied to me for so long?
After sunset, a thin mist appeared over the field.
Vex not too far the lion, chained though he be.
I can vividly imagine that.
Thanks for giving this issue the attention it deserves.
The doctor tore his tooth away with a pair of tongs.
It's a fight of all against all.
The dentist took her broken tooth out.
They have a nice time there.
Jade Rabbit has landed in the Bay of Rainbows.
What's the best way to approach a girl?
She took my breath away.
I won't be able to eat all that by myself.
You'd have done the same in my position.
He is not home.
He is not at home.
He isn't home.
Tom was not allowed to board the plane because he did not hold a valid travel document.
I have two flowers.
My baby wants to talk.
Tom pulled Mary into his arms and held her close.
In many ways time is more valuable than money.
Tom can't hold his drink and is usually legless after two or three.
I asked if she was cold but Liisa shook her head.
Tom was soaked through after being caught in an unexpected downpour.
This is all your fault. So, you'd better just shut up.
I couldn't make myself clear enough, I guess.
He may do whatever he wants to.
I've broken my arm, so I have to wear a bandage for the whole week.
He raised his arm intending to stop a taxi.
The children are pretending to brush their teeth.
I was smiling.
It's quite obscure what this sentence means.
I found this in the cavern.
You liked that game.
We'll be thirsty.
I know people who get theirselves up in new problems every morning.
The child stopped crying and calmed down.
Every of us has his own unique identity.
The ideologist of nuclear devastation Bertran Rassel promises to refute (once again) materialsm with his newest ideas about the language structure.
Ginger is very useful in the winter period.
You need to wash your hands before a meal.
I want to get back to Italy.
"Where's my phone?" "It's on my table".
Tom almost never asks about that.
I would like to thank you for accepting my invitation.
Bald people leaving for San Francisco can't put any flowers into their hair.
She'll like this game.
The family is forced to live on his little salary.
Why's Maltese absent from the languages list?
Just do it right away or don't even bother talking to me again.
You have to be as patient as Job to deal with him.
He suddenly stopped.
Tom suddenly stopped talking.
Did he forget the money?
Did Tom forget to pay?
I think Tom will like this game.
I'd like to go back to Boston.
I have the hang of it.
It verges on scorn.
Children are our successors, our future, the continuation of the people's life.
Mary wanted to write.
Mary wanted to pee.
Maybe, I need to use some infinitive construction?
Finally, though late, he came.
She was asleep.
You are ill.
Tom may do whatever he wants.
I got acquainted with a woman in the bus.
The teacher has given Tom permission to do whatever he wants.
I was crying.
I much prefer to work with people.
I've already told Tom all I know.
No mountain in the world is higher than Everest.
We want to make learning effective, interesting, and fascinating.
I'm the one who has the key to the truck.
I don't like snow.
Tom asked Mary to look after the children.
You weren't ill.
The real reminiscences seemed to be an illusion while the false ones were so convincing that could replace the reality.
He started singing an old song.
Not everybody is poor.
"Do you want to try?" "Why not?"
Please accept my sincere apologies for my impertinence.
Tom's socks don't match.
Let's go somewhere far away.
What're you planning now?
What were you planning to do?
It's time to go back home.
Do you still suffer from headaches?
I destroyed all the evidence.
If you treat a customer well, he'll be a customer for life.
I couldn't persuade Tom to wait.
I forgot to pay the electric bill.
I could not have done otherwise.
I believe you, but unfortunately Tom doesn't.
Everything must be accounted for.
Could you come over and help me this afternoon?
Tom didn't realize he had his sweater on inside out.
Dwindling resources have hampered the efforts of police to stem the rise of violent crime in the city.
Tom used his secluded cabin in the woods as a getaway from his hectic life as a company director.
However, Huxley himself hardly believes that his vile proposal will be accepted by the democratic countries.
He's pig-headed.
Tom accused Mary of being pig-headed.
There are so many experiences in life that we never dare to explore.
After the meeting was over, everyone said goodbye and returned to the mystery of their private lives.
"What can you lose by showing yourself to others?" "My advantange over them."
Maybe it was just a coincidence.
Daylight Savings Time starts on April third.
Throw something on and let's go outside already.
Put something on and let's leave already.
Do you feel like having a snack?
Do you feel like having a bite to eat?
My father is like a friend to me.
My mother is like a friend to me.
I want to get a divorce.
What's the difference between a hedgehog and a porcupine?
Where did I put the car keys?
Where did I put the keys?
Would it be fair to the others?
I don't know why he said that to me.
Bacteria are invisible to the naked eye.
I help Tom almost every day.
It was not the same situation as now at all.
Can I change the English alphabet?
I turned the radio up so loud that the walls shook.
Last year was a period of economic uncertainty.
While my wife was shopping in town, I tidied up in the kitchen.
All economic problems would be solved, if they made complacency taxable.
The bad thing about inferiority complexes is that the wrong people have them.
We're on earth to look for happiness, not to find it.
In future I'd prefer to avoid sentences with quotation marks. That'll be better for the sentences and for me.
We want the government to serve the entire population.
Emet dislikes that woman.
It's my father who stopped drinking.
At least I'm not a loser like you.
The stars look very beautiful tonight.
Last night there was a fire in the neighborhood.
Marie is covered.
I will smoke and I don't give a fuck about what you say.
The spring will show who shat where.
Marie was sneezing.
Marie sneezed.
He's so much of a faggot.
What newspapers have you subscribed to?
I liked both songs very much, and only then I noticed that they'd been written by the same band. At that moment it got one more fan.
These fools broke the law that forbade breaking the law.
Maybe the voices in my head aren't right after all.
Tom is very skilled in manual labor.
Tom is very skilled at manual labor.
He doesn't make me laugh anymore.
She doesn't make me laugh anymore.
Thanks for your soonest answer!
Does English have grammatical rules?
The photo didn't come out well.
Time is up now.
I've spent all my money.
He's not ashamed for his illegal actions.
Don't touch fish, so your hands won't smell like fish.
If she trusted you, she wouldn't have done this.
You're much spoken about.
I love my father.
This coat suits him.
Being in a hurry, I forgot the money at home.
I'll tell you about the incident that occured in our village.
This is the ugliest snowman I've ever seen!
Trust me, I'm an engineer!
I've been waiting for years.
Rushia, do you have a sister?
Sorry, could you repeat the question? In whole, desirably.
Six to five for the viewers!
"Oh, I see you don't know what Poop is!" "Hmm... Poop is jokes about 'you sat on the stump and owed me a grand', right?"
Sir schoolboy, it's all, all been prompted to you. The correct answer is, naturally, a cook!
Nothing foretold troubles, but the keys suddenly slipped out of my hands.
Hey, what are you doing? Don't touch it, or you'll break the balance!
Hit the brakes, darling. We should test our feelings. We don't know each other well enough, I'm not used to anticipate the events.
I've never seen such a tattoo.
My new deodorant has me smelling like a beautiful woman.
He never opens his mouth without a purpose of complaining about something.
"What's happened?" "The speakers aren't working properly."
Today the postman brought your very sweet gift.
Carelessly stringing words and constructions together, you ultimately get a finished sentence that makes sense. Isn't that a miracle?
If that's the last thing you say, see you in the court!
"Have you talked to Tom?" "Everybody's name is Tom here! Which one do you need?" "The one that is Mary's friend!"
There's nothing to force here!
I'm a living proof to that death is possible to win.
Such plant can be found in Brazil only.
You're who I need now.
It's curtains for me!
I lost the desire.
I don't care at all.
Father abandoned us.
Don't thou me.
Don't fellow me.
I don't allow you to refer to me as "you".
They're not kidding.
I hope I didn't wake you up.
I'll explain it all to you later.
It's dangerous to perform this acrobatic act without a safety net.
You have a lot to learn, my boy.
I thought it was forbidden.
We won't tell anybody about that.
I'd like to eat something sweet.
Where is it said about in the scripts?
It seems pretty easy.
Do you pay attention to what I say?
You're as pale as a ghost.
My response remains the same.
My response is still negative.
I didn't have much time to think over your proposal.
A part of me died with you, but you live inside me forever.
Pull out and put down.
Tom seems to have nothing to do again.
Tom speaks French well, though not perfectly.
We still have a TV-set of the old type.
Alcohol took me to the brink of despair.
She didn't live a single day of her life without violence.
I think my neighbour may have died.
She is at the office.
He is an acrobat.
He was visibly bothered.
The cat likes to play in the garden.
Have you been naughty or nice?
She's timid.
Tom's illness resulted from eating too much.
Among other things, we talked about the weather.
The cause of Tom's illness was overeating.
The reason Tom got sick was because he overate.
Tom got sick because he ate too much.
Whose things are those?
My dream is to become a space-archaeologist and to explore extinct planets.
We wouldn't take such junk even as a gift.
Everything's really cheap.
Everything's very cheap.
Why don't you take some time off?
Why don't you take off your hat?
Why don't you take off your coat and stay a while?
Neither he nor she sings well.
Don't desert me here in the desert!
Why does anyone learn Esperanto?
As Tom told me, Esperanto has two enemies, ignorance and prejudice.
Mount Etna has erupted, sending lava and ash plumes into the Sicilian sky.
The southern Italian island of Sicily has been covered with a vast plume of smoke and ash.
Mount Etna has erupted, showering Sicily in volcanic rock.
Health groups have called for an urgent summit to tackle alcohol-fuelled violence, which has reached epidemic proportions throughout the country.
A number of police officers at separate youth parties were pelted with rocks and beer bottles at the weekend.
Today I hooked my trailer up to my car, filled it with rubbish and took a very full load to the local rubbish dump.
In a world where political and cultural divisions still cause so much hardship, maybe it's actually time that we gave Esperanto a real shot.
She drank a cup of coffee.
Your grandmother meant a lot to you, didn't she?
Why don't you take a hike?
Buzz off.
Bugger off.
Why did Gogol burn the second part of "Dead Souls"?
I'm not interested in your theories!
"Here is the map! ...It's fucking useless!" "Then why did you purchase a faulty piece of shit in the first place?" "It was on sale at the Island of Lower Prices."
"Your Majesty, you are evil!" "I'm evil to the people who spend all my money on junk like faulty maps!"
"Where am I?" "In the darkest prison in Koridai." "How long was I out?" "Two hours."
I heard that Tom won the spelling bee.
Boy, you've got some nerve showing up in my castle unannounced. But you haven't paid your taxes in a month, so I have no money for dinner this morning!
"You're here to pay your taxes?" "Not quite." "Gwonam! I thought you were on vacation!"
Tom lay awake in bed, listening to the rain.
She felt that something was missing, something the universe wanted her to do.
Tom might have borrowed the money he needed from someone else.
There are lots of presents underneath the Christmas tree.
There are a lot of gifts under the Christmas tree.
This is an error.
My cake fell while it was baking.
My cake didn't rise.
I have a tip that will make every cake successful.
I'm totally drunk.
Tom is much shorter and weighs considerably less than Mary.
Tom is much shorter and weighs much less than Mary.
Tom was in considerable pain.
If I were an animal, I'd be a dolphin.
Tom was in a lot of pain.
I need someone who will truly love me.
I need a cigarette.
You hypocrite!
Then the girl kissed me.
I don't need favors.
Dad, can I take the car out for a drive?
Dad, I'm taking the car out for a drive.
I recycle and take care of the environment.
When are you coming to the Netherlands?
That's the first sentence I've added.
I've read all the books that you recommended me.
This is my thousandth English sentence.
Terrorism is one of the biggest enemies of world peace.
How long are you going to be down there for?
There's a coffee stain on your necktie.
We've never been to that place.
We went where the others had gathered.
When Tom opened his eyes, Mary was out.
That's a severe disease.
A page came out of a book.
His character evened out.
The plane evened out.
The kitty is trying to hide from the rain.
I need proofs.
A groan escaped him.
Estrogen is a hormone.
It's time I got revenge. Now I will kill you!
School is over at 3:30.
The gestation period for the African bush elephant is about days, whereas that for a guinea pig is only about days.
If a dog bites you, wash the wound with soap and water.
I haven't read it.
This sewage outlet is no longer in use.
We apologize for the delay and regret any inconvenience it may have caused.
Since all tasks have been completed without delay, we are ready to start the next phase of development.
Testing has been delayed by two days. As a consequence, we need to reschedule the release date.
Although the accident has delayed progress by one month, we have managed to catch up with the schedule.
The schedule is only slightly affected by this delay.
His speech has a positive influence on all the colleagues.
A good programmer will influence everyone around him.
This incident has made a great impact on the progress of the project.
With this upgrade, one obvious impact is that users will be obliged to reset their passwords.
All these new blocks will undoubtedly impact the loading speed of the home page.
Thanks to his great help, we were able to solve the problem in minutes.
I will be back to join you in one month.
According to schedule, this task should be finished within this week.
Once this process is started, we can get the result within one hour.
It is a basic quality of an employee to complete his tasks within a fixed time.
The plan is to recruit Java engineers before the end of next month.
Do not make any modifications before you get confirmations.
This problem was troubling us until last night when we found the cause and fixed it.
Judging from current situations, this task will not be finished until next week.
Firstly, let's check the attendance.
In the first place, I would like to announce several new regulations.
First of all, power off your cellphones and remain silent.
Before anything else, let's welcome a new member to our company.
Secondly, is there any project scheduled to be released today?
Thirdly, each team leader please report your progress.
In addition, we will issue the 'employee of the month' award afterwards.
Lastly, is there anything else to share with the group?
This is the most ridiculous thing I have ever heard.
Jesus was a capitalist.
Don't worry. I'll be careful.
It could have been me.
It could have been you.
Can we put this incident behind us?
I need you to do a couple of things for me.
My wife passed out in the Muay Thai lesson.
Flying in darkness without adequate training is a major cause of light aircraft accidents.
"Vasya Pupkin" sounds much worse than "John Doe", and it does not mean quite the same thing, either.
"I thought you'd give this laughter its due." "This is crud; they're laughing at me!" "You don't say?"
"Gee, it sure is boring around here!" "Yeah, you're so boring I could die."
I used to be an adventurer like you, then I took an arrow in the knee.
He learned that from a newspaper.
If you had not told me that, I would not have known it.
He is a physicist famous not only in Japan but all over the world.
Oh [name redacted], I've come to take an account of your virtues. I've come here to say, indeed, that you have none.
My refusal to explain exempts me from the poll.
Knowing how I would die would only make me anxious about the kind of situations I'd know I'll eventually die in.
"Here's the traitor, Your Majesty!" "Please, Your Omnipotence, have mercy!" "After you've scrubbed all the floors in Hyrule, then we can talk about mercy! Take him away." "Yes, my liege!"
Pilots of light aircraft are three times more likely to have an accident flying at night than during the day.
"Link, I need you." "Finally! I'll take off my clothes!" "Not in that sense, silly. Today is Father's birthday!" "The King has a birthday?!" "Yes. You'll be in charge of the decorations and I'll invite the guests!"
When he comes back, tell him I'm indisposed and shall get back at him tomorrow.
I actually voted that I'm not a perfectionist, though. I have some of the signs on the list to a high degree but not entirely motivated by perfection.
You'll see, it's hard to please her.
I ruin everything I get my bony hands on.
There's a balance between touting the equal merit of everything and being closed-mindedly opinionated, that I'm still trying to find.
She is putting on weight.
Does she own a pet?
Does he own a pet?
It said in the newspapers that it was a crime of passion.
Cut your nails.
Does she have a pet?
Does he have a pet?
You look so pale today.
How is the weather in Thessaloniki?
This looks awesome!
"How soon can you land?" "I can't tell." "You can tell me. I'm a doctor." "No, I mean I'm just not sure!" "Can't you take a guess?" "Well, not for another two hours." "You can't take a guess for another two hours?"
The Hebrew language continues to evolve.
I don't need them to do me any favors.
I don't dream.
I wasn't dreaming.
Who loves the son?
Whom does the father love?
He loves the son.
Which father loves his son?
Which son does his father love?
Whom do you expect?
I'm looking for a stick.
Have you a carriage here?
People called him a philosopher.
I know no one here.
What does that author now write?
I have worked and she has played.
It had rained and snowed.
We had been soldiers.
My car burns less fuel than my grandmother's.
It is already six o'clock!
With every birthday, we grow older by one year.
At the end of 2012, the Belarusian president re-introduced serfdom by forbidding the workers of Borisovdrev to quit their jobs.
Hm! You're right!
How much does this book cost?
Our love will burn forever.
She continues to think that we are friends.
Enter the room.
I saw the cake you made.
She still thinks of us as friends.
There is no film in this camera.
He still thinks of us as friends.
Lead a life of rebellion.
I thought you were at work.
Does that mean that the boy's parents can be charged with child neglect?
This sentence sounds natural, but it's not grammatically correct.
Old men are dangerous: it doesn't matter to them what is going to happen to the world.
The sewer pipe exploded.
The suspected rapist was taken into custody.
A woman with two small children in her car led police on a wild car chase through the city, reaching speeds in excess of kilometers per hour.
A driver reached speeds in excess of miles per hour while fleeing from police after they tried to make a traffic stop on the vehicle yesterday.
How much did these glasses cost?
The doctors did all they could to control Tom's disease but, sadly, to no avail.
We don't have a daughter.
Wash the writing table.
I'm a congruent man.
Don't turn the light off.
We fight something from another world.
She changed her behaviour in last two years.
How beautiful a declaration of love!
I bet you're in love.
I'm trying to calm her down.
I broke my arm when I was a child.
Do you believe horoscopes?
Remember what I said to you yesterday.
My fear is more than my desire to try.
I promise you that I'll never abandon you.
I promise I'll never leave you.
Where did you take this information?
Don't rely on him much.
Hi, I'm looking for friends.
No one cheered me up when I was sad.
It was reckless of her to trust him.
I can't complete with you.
I can't eat any fruits in the mornings.
How could it happen all by itself? It seems someone's wicked design is involved here.
Give me some water, be so kind.
Listen, Tom, do you promise that you won't cease to love me even after hearing what I'm going to say now?
Tom is seven, Mary is eleven. How many years will it be until Tom becomes older than Mary?
What's the fastest way to get to Manhattan?
You'll go with me. Full stop!
Bad news arrives earlier than good one.
The students didn't understand the teacher's explanation.
I like that my sentences are translated.
That feeling is called love.
Have you ever been to Tom's home?
To go faster you'd better go alone, to go further you'd better go with someone.
I think you like your job.
Get out of my kitchen!
Tom is good at his subject.
Tom is good at his profession.
"Can I say it in this way as well?" "Yes, that's fine too."
Please show me the path to the bus stop.
Tell nobody about what I've just said.
The station is under repair.
If you want to go on with the conversation, you'd better speak a bit lower.
Why didn't you replied to me?
Why don't you reply to my message?
I owe you all nothing!
I picked up an abandoned dog.
She has no glasses.
If you have the desire to talk, you know where you can find me.
A soldier is an anachronism of which we must get rid.
You didn't have time to proofread your report.
I didn't have time to proofread my report.
They used that table.
When we know what God is, we shall be gods ourselves.
They were almost run over by a truck.
You were almost run over by a truck.
We were almost run over by a truck.
You don't have enough friends.
We're not as young as Tom.
Ken is not as young as Tom.
This is not salt.
She starts working at seven.
From now on, I will no longer smoke.
They saw a drunk lying in the street.
They drank way too much.
You saw a drunk lying in the street.
I saw a drunk lying in the street.
The sound of the stream lulled me to sleep.
They were late for dinner.
I must confess that I snore.
You were late for dinner.
Is Mr. Richard at home?
We were late for dinner.
Mary was late for dinner.
Tom scored a goal!
You look relaxed.
He doesn't even know how to swim!
I wanted to go there with her, but I was too busy.
Where did they teach you that?
I don't have books.
I haven't got books.
She owns a gigantic house.
I'm proud of my dad.
Don't forget your coat!
Have you ever seen a monkey?
This book is popular amongst students.
She's wondering where the key is.
The sun is rising above the horizon.
The descent is dangerous.
Little fish are swimming in the aquarium.
He has curly hair.
He often plays piano.
The horse is thirsty.
My uncle plays guitar.
You were so happy when you saw me.
I want the biggest cake.
Tom folded his sheets.
You are drinking fresh water.
I no longer remember him.
Don't you want a cup of tea?
I will be travelling on the 8th of January.
Don't they want a cup of tea?
I am learning how to drive.
No one works on Sundays.
I'd like to ask you some questions about some of the people you've been working for.
I'd like to ask you some questions about some of the people who work for you.
She helped me in a very sticky situation.
It had a profound effect on me.
Did Mary have any other children besides Jesus?
I'm really confused about my faith right now.
Pray without ceasing.
You should treat everyone fairly.
Can you be a Christian and support gay marriage at the same time?
What does it mean to be a Christian?
Tom suffers from debilitating migraines.
Jesus died on the cross for our sins.
Have you read the Holy Bible?
We should respect each other's beliefs.
I've had enough of trying to deal with other people's problems.
I've wanted to meet you for a long time.
Despite everything, the world is still beautiful.
I would like to buy this watch, but unfortunately it's just too expensive.
Tom was jailed for embezzling $100,from his employer to fund his gambling addiction.
They won't find her.
They won't find it.
We've got to decide when we'll start.
We shouldn't have gotten up so early.
This is not a rock. It's a mineral.
The truck is being weighed.
They're not rocks. They're minerals.
Differential equations are equations involving derivatives.
There were five boys in the room.
Has Tom got a cat?
I only type in Portuguese.
He can neither hear nor see us.
You're pale as a ghost.
Who sent you here?
What an amazing goal!
Are you one of the survivors of flight 111?
It's an easy plant to grow.
It's a difficult term to define.
It's a difficult word to pronounce.
It's a difficult word to translate.
It's a difficult text to understand.
We won't have enough fuel to get to the other side.
There's a bomb on board!
Never say the word "bomb" on an airplane.
The hard disk was completely destroyed.
I will do whatever it takes to have my revenge.
I'll have my revenge.
I copied and pasted it from Wikipedia.
Make him stop!
Make him confess!
I'm very grateful for your support.
She's in her room.
When will we meet?
Would you give me your number?
The evil robber in the county who did all kinds of evil bandits is under arrested today, the locals are all happy to hear this, spreading the good news and celebrating for this event !
Haggis is a traditional Scottish dish.
Who's coming to lunch with me tomorrow?
You mean that one shitty guitarist who was kicked out?
The similarity is pretty vague.
Next year will be better.
So she isn't new.
My Christmas is now ruined.
I knew it was too good to be true.
That's how it's supposed to be.
What did you guys get for Christmas?
I'm making waffles.
It won't be the same without you.
I'll be there after breakfast.
The company's managers had a very lackadaisical attitude towards the safety of their workers.
Two people spent the night adrift after their boat capsized in choppy waters.
Seventeen people were killed in the mass shooting rampage.
The opera singer tested her voice gingerly after recovering from throat surgery.
Tom was viciously bashed and doctors had to put him into an induced coma to relieve the swelling on his brain.
Don't underestimate the incredible power of a simple smile and a kind word.
Did he sleep well?
Tom isn't dealing with his father's death very well.
I do not suffer from megalomania. Great people never have it.
Luck smiles upon those whom Justice lets slip.
Oh dear, what nonsense I'm talking!
Andre Agassi is a former tennis player.
Stop thinking about your purposes and desires only!
It was apprehended not as a gratitude but as an insult.
A clever man is always quick in the uptake.
It's always good to work on a team all the members of which feel that they're making a great contribution to the success of some business.
Rats also have a function. They help to clean the pipes.
Are you now married?
Instead of flattery, give us an honest and sincere estimate!
Your smile is like the sun breaking through the clouds.
Today I've seen tens of gloomy angry faces glancing at me.
A smile sends a friendship signal.
Stop talking about yourself and start talking about others!
Mention the name of the man you're talking to. It makes everyone feel important and accepted.
"Do you prefer tea or coffee?" "Neither. I prefer milk".
Congratulations! You're a clown.
Be a good listener!
People that think and speak only about themselves are hopelessly uneducated.
We can't come home in time.
Do you think I'm too old to get back to school?
He brought me a coffee, in spite of that I'd asked for a tea.
Let all your dreams come true.
I thought you lived with Tom.
But for the modern medicine, I'd have been dead.
I'm more than grateful to you for your help.
You're the only one of people I know who doesn't like bananas.
Sometimes reality seems to me unreal.
The first movie is bad, but the second is good.
One's own name is the sweetest and the most important sound in the world for anybody.
I rarely get out on weekends.
We haven't received the telegram.
There's no reason.
During a conversation, ask about the man you're talking to.
Ask such questions that other people would answer with pleasure.
Her penmanship is horrible.
Remember that most people are more interested in talking about themselves than about you.
My father uses his time well.
Mayuko went right home.
I like the way you speak.
Everybody was looking at her when she burst into laughter.
When I came, he was out.
By the time I came, he'd gone away.
We shouldn't disparage other people.
A cup of coffee costs a krone.
In spite of all his efforts, he failed the exam.
I like city life very much.
I told you to keep silent.
Listening to classical music and studying complement one another.
This dog is taught to bark at strangers.
Lend me your car for tomorrow.
Don't tell it to my bride.
What did you gift him?
I know what to do if something were to happen.
All my friends speak French.
I'm quite innocent.
I'm looking forward to meeting Tom again.
That is the duty of the police.
Don't read aloud, read to yourself.
"And that's your gratitude for all I've done for you?" "Your past services won't be forgotten, Tom, but your present mistakes won't be forgiven."
Do Tom and Mary get along?
Well, I'd say it depends.
This is cute.
I'm hoping we can get to the bottom of that mystery.
I didn't know it back then, but I know it now.
Are you shitting me?
He is addicted to Farmville.
Farmville is only a waste of time.
His penmanship is horrible.
It will be the smartest move you ever made.
The great blue whale is the largest animal to have ever existed.
A certain crime is punishable if attempted but not punishable if committed. What is it?
What's the minimum salary in Italy?
What's the minimum salary in France?
What's the minimum salary in Greece?
What's the minimum salary in Bulgaria?
What's the minimum salary in Finland?
What's the minimum salary in Sweden?
What's the minimum salary in Norway?
What's the minimum salary in Denmark?
What's the minimum salary in Estonia?
What's the minimum salary in Mexico?
You use a knife to slice my head and weep beside me when I am dead. What am I?
What's the minimum salary in Albania?
What's the minimum salary in China?
What's the minimum salary in Japan?
What's the minimum salary in Spain?
What's the minimum salary in Canada?
What's the minimum salary in Portugal?
What's the minimum salary in Austria?
What's the minimum salary in Belgium?
What's the minimum salary in Egypt?
What's the minimum salary in Morocco?
What's the minimum salary in Switzerland?
What's the minimum salary in Lebanon?
What's the minimum salary in Libya?
What's the minimum salary in Russia?
What's the minimum salary in Romania?
What's the minimum salary in Turkey?
Tom has no idea how his behaviour affects others.
What's the minimum salary in Iceland?
What's the minimum salary in Ireland?
What's the minimum salary in England?
What's the minimum salary in Scotland?
Tom's behaviour had very negative effects on his workmates.
What's the minimum salary in Liechtenstein?
What's the minimum salary in Argentina?
What's the minimum salary in Brasil?
What's the minimum salary in Cuba?
What's the minimum salary in Chile?
What's the minimum salary in the United States?
That costs five hundred euros a week.
What's the minimum salary in Ukraine?
An 18-year-old male is in hospital after an altercation at a party last night.
What's the minimum salary in Belarus?
What's the minimum salary in Australia?
What's the minimum salary in New Zealand?
What's the minimum salary in Nigeria?
What's the minimum salary in Guatemala?
One day, Pablo got lost in the jungle of Guatemala.
What's the minimum salary in Northern Ireland?
What's the minimum salary in South Africa?
What's the minimum salary in Congo?
What's the minimum salary in Croatia?
What's the minimum salary in Luxembourg?
What's the minimum salary in the United Kingdom?
You discovered my biggest weakness: excruciating pain.
What's the minimum salary in the Netherlands?
What's the minimum salary in Poland?
What's the minimum salary in Lithuania?
What's the minimum salary in Slovakia?
I wonder what the minimum wage is in Australia.
What's the minimum salary in Slovenia?
Do you have any idea what the minimum wage in Australia is?
What's the minimum salary in Latvia?
What's the minimum salary in Cyprus?
It's hard to support a family on minimum wage.
What's the minimum salary in the Czech Republic?
Do you think that the minimum wage should be raised?
Would you work for minimum wage?
What's the minimum salary in Gibraltar?
I'm looking for an apartment in the center of town.
Tom gave me directions to the theater.
Tom told me how to get to the theater.
I heard that even a lot of college graduates have to work for minimum wage.
We chatted briefly.
What's the minimum salary in Georgia?
Tom thinks raising the minimum wage would be a bad idea.
What's the minimum salary in Afghanistan?
What's the minimum salary in Iraq?
Everyone working for us earns more than the minimum wage.
Tom and Mary were discussing the pros and cons of raising the minimum wage.
What's the minimum salary in Syria?
It's hard to get by on minimum wage.
What's the minimum salary in India?
What's the minimum salary in Pakistan?
Where is the Mexican embassy?
Where is the Argentinean embassy?
Where is the Romanian embassy?
Where is the Estonian embassy?
She did nothing all day but read.
Where is the Irish embassy?
She did nothing but read all day.
Where is the Syrian embassy?
He was born in the winter.
Tom works for the Australian embassy.
Have you been to the Australian embassy website?
Tom went to the Australian embassy to get a visa.
When was the last time you went to Australia?
When was the last time you visited Australia?
They plan to evacuate all nonessential personnel from the embassy.
I think you should apply for a job at the Australian embassy.
The rumor is that they're going to Australia.
Of the four seasons of the year, I like summer best.
Summer is my favorite season.
Please keep me updated.
Today is Friday, and I've done what I do almost every Friday.
Today is Monday, so I'll do what I always do on Monday.
There is no such thing as an untimely erection.
We'll do our best to realize what we've planned.
What problems are you planning to resolve next year?
In this part of the city our specialists counted about a thousand dry trees.
You mustn't require what is impossible.
Things aren't moving.
Creating is harder than destroying.
I hope these companies will be ready to deal with us in the future.
Changes in the country are inevitable.
They try to resolve the problems of the city.
No one likes to hear their work criticised.
Try to understand why the man did what he did.
Gratitude should always be sincere.
It's never been harder for us to work than this year.
We began the work in April.
We haven't been able to do all we planned.
I hope we can realize these plans next year.
The problem of roads repairing remains topical.
Next year we'll recur to this issue.
Unfortunately, we couldn't make realize much of what was planned.
We managed to get along.
We should make a compromise.
Unfortunately, no one deals with this question.
We have to clean the whole beach.
Next year we have to clean the whole beach.
Remember what the park was, and what it now is!
The city has a wonderful place to take a rest.
The city has wonderful places to walk with children.
The city has a wonderful place to walk with children.
Now I can go home with good conscience.
Everybody tries to do their job with an honest effort.
We can't stand apart. We ought to do something.
We should change something.
We had to count on our strength only.
We're well aware that it's a hard time now.
We should leave something for our children.
Mary is a doctor.
People with low self-esteem tend to interpret everything in a negative way.
A rhetorical question does not require an answer.
He told his son to get down from the ladder.
What's the climate like in your country?
Tom only found out at age that he was adopted.
A melody is not merely something you can hum.
Tom didn't find out he was adopted until he was thirteen.
Tom didn't find out he had been adopted until he was thirteen.
There are five items on the tray, three of which are keys.
Do you know your strengths and weaknesses?
Mary's nerves caused her to mess up her job interview.
Most people use music as a couch; they want to be pillowed on it, relaxed and consoled for the stress of daily living. But serious music was never meant to be soporific.
Many people suffer from low self-esteem.
Why do so many people suffer from low self-esteem?
The real tragedy of the poor is the poverty of their aspirations.
What can be added to the happiness of a man who is in health, out of debt, and has a clear conscience?
With his mother very sick and a tight deadline at work, Tom has a lot on his plate at the moment.
Chess is the gymnastic school of the intellect.
Chess is the gymnasium of the mind.
A liar will not be believed, even when he speaks the truth.
Adventure is worthwhile.
A pinched sciatic nerve can be excruciatingly painful.
Generally speaking, teenagers of today have less respect for their elders and for authority, than was the case fifty years ago.
Every truth has two sides; it is as well to look at both, before we commit ourselves to either.
Tom's speech was so boring that several people in the audience fell asleep.
Example is the best precept.
Gratitude is the sign of noble souls.
He that is discontented in one place will seldom be happy in another.
Injuries may be forgiven, but not forgotten.
He who knows nothing is closer to the truth than he whose mind is filled with falsehoods and errors.
Art is the lie that enables us to realize the truth.
The young woman was carrying a baby in her arms.
Three things cannot be long hidden: the sun, the moon, and the truth.
Who stands to benefit from the murder?
It was the gamekeeper who found the body.
It is essential that we find it.
You're serious, aren't you?
She seemed very nice.
He seemed very nice.
On the night of the murder, when was the last time that you saw Tom?
Who is this mysterious man?
Who is this mysterious woman?
Let's change the topic.
I hate being ill.
What a clever dog!
Tom is a very wealthy man.
He was shot in cold blood.
Mary plotted to kill Tom to lay her hands on his money.
It did the trick.
He said that he loves me and wants to marry me.
We love each other and that's all that matters.
We love each other and that's the only thing that matters.
Is there something going on that I don't know about?
"Is everything alright?" "Not really."
Her boyfriend is in trouble with the law.
Could anything be more romantic?
We want to go to Austria for our honeymoon.
We want to go to France for our honeymoon.
We want to go to Italy for our honeymoon.
But who would want to dance with you?
I don't need him when I have you.
Have you read Tom's new book?
In youth we may have an absolutely new experience, subjective or objective, every hour of the day. Apprehension is vivid, retentiveness strong, and our recollections of that time, like those in a time spent in rapid and interesting travel, are of something intricate, multitudinous, and long-drawn-out. But as each passing year converts some of this experience into automatic routine which we hardly note at all, the days and the weeks smooth themselves out in recollection to a contentless unit, and the years grow hollow and collapse.
Today schoolboys are more naughty than earlier.
It's difficult to tell an original from a fake.
She's beautiful, and rich... and I hate her.
I don't think I've ever hated anyone so much.
At your service, madam!
If he who hardly climbed a tree already thinks that he's a bird, then he's mistaken.
He's within his rights.
She's within her rights.
You're within your rights.
Her feelings were not reciprocated.
His feelings were not reciprocated.
She threatened to kill me.
He threatened to kill me.
She tends to be over-dramatic.
I think you're being a bit over-dramatic.
Isn't that a little overdramatic, Tom?
Don't you think you're being a little overdramatic?
I can't go shopping today.
She has taken everything from me.
He has taken everything from me.
I follow the destiny that is imposed on me.
I returned to the Government on the shoulders of the people.
They do not want the worker to be free.
They do not want the people to be independent.
What did you get for Christmas this year?
There is nothing more I can give you except my blood.
Tatoeba was closed for Christmas.
The post office is closed on Christmas day and mail will not be delivered.
To hatred, I reply with pardon.
The zoo was closed on Christmas day.
My sacrifice will keep you united and my name will be your battle standard.
And to those who think they have defeated me, I reply with my victory.
Our employees are working around the clock to fix the damage caused by the ice storm.
I'd like to wring her neck.
I fought against the exploitation of the people.
Hatred, infamy and slander have not conquered my spirit.
I was a slave to the people, and today I am freeing myself for eternal life.
My sacrifice will remain forever in their souls and my blood will be the price of their ransom.
If the birds of prey want someone's blood, if they want to go on draining the Brazilian people, I offer my life as a holocaust.
Tom is the president of the local astronomy club.
She's in the boudoir.
How could she have known?
How could he have known?
I'm surrounded by enemies.
He's not German, but Austrian.
I think you made an impression on her.
She trembled like a leaf.
He committed a faux pas when he asked whether she was pregnant.
How safe is Brazil?
Brazil has one of the highest crime rates in the world.
If you can't afford travel insurance, then you can't afford to travel.
The football World Cup will be held in Brazil in 2014.
Is there a bank near the train station?
This beach has a strong and dangerous riptide.
Never swim while under the influence of alcohol.
Brazil is a big country.
Brazil is a huge country.
He told everyone that we were married.
Do you think you can get away with this?
Lions are colorblind.
Horses are ungulates.
How long is an episode of minutes?
Your earrings are gorgeous.
He's a fop.
She was shot in her sleep.
What was the time of death?
As she was dying, she tried to write the murderer's name with her own blood.
Mary pulled out a pistol and shot Tom.
Nobody is allowed to leave the classroom until the bell rings.
You must believe me.
Did he have any enemies?
Did she have any enemies?
Tom was tarred and feathered by the crowd.
Tom wore the same pair of jeans the whole year.
Tom takes a bath once a year.
I shower every day.
Tom offered me a cookie, but I refused.
Hey, didn't you wear that shirt yesterday?
Didn't you wear that yesterday?
A bad beginning makes a bad ending.
The maid didn't see anything.
The crime was almost perfect.
I love him. I can't help it.
Just dropping by quickly to let you know we're aware of some of the issues.
Tom is a powerful man.
You can't hold a man down without staying down with him.
Power, wrongly used, defeats the oppressor as well as the oppressed.
Did she really kill her husband?
One day's freedom is better than ten years of oppression.
I don't even like him.
I don't even like her.
They were very happy when we arrived.
Later, I found out his real name was Tom.
I can't talk to you here. It's too dangerous.
The export of arms was prohibited.
The export of arms was not allowed.
What's the minimum wage in Australia?
Tom doesn't like women.
Tom doesn't like those women.
Tom doesn't like any women.
Tom doesn't like that woman.
Is there any food you don't like?
One of the items on your wish list is on sale.
It seems to rain every time Tom visits us.
Every time Tom shows up, it rains.
Tom's handwriting isn't very good, but it's easy to read.
Tom, your handwriting isn't very good, but it's easy to read.
Forgive me if I have offended you.
One swallow doesn't make a spring.
We will sing "Auld Lang Syne" at the stroke of midnight.
She thinks that song is too old to be sung nowadays.
Can you play that chord on the keyboard?
Today's not Christmas!
Our people don't take a taxi to the bakery.
The scenery around here is very beautiful.
Did Mary really kill her husband?
Is it true that Mary killed her husband?
I heard that Mary has been arrested for killing her husband.
Don't act like you know everything.
Mary has been arrested for killing her husband.
Does anybody here speak French?
The economic situation is very bleak.
I know this area quite well.
I know the area around here quite well.
I don't like roosters.
How're you guys spending your holidays?
What did you smoke?
Don't wish to go outside, turn back into yourself. Inside men lives truth.
Love is the only reality and it is not a mere sentiment. It is the ultimate truth that lies at the heart of creation.
Everything we hear is an opinion, not a fact. Everything we see is a perspective, not the truth.
In February I'm coming back to Shanghai.
He really is a legend, isn't he?
She really is a legend, isn't she?
Of course I want to catch up!
That kid has a crazy future!
I need a distraction.
You never find yourself until you face the truth.
You look younger than Tom.
Tom looks older than Mary.
Tom looks younger than Mary.
Tom is probably a few years older than Mary.
Tom is probably just a little younger than Mary.
Even though Tom looks younger than Mary, he's actually quite a bit older.
Truth, like gold, is to be obtained not by its growth, but by washing away from it all that is not gold.
Believe those who are seeking the truth. Doubt those who find it.
Sometimes I am an enigma to myself.
Beauty is truth's smile when she beholds her own face in a perfect mirror.
The seeing of Truth cannot be dualistic (a "thing" seen). It cannot be seen by a see-er, or via a see-er. There can only be a seeing which itself is Truth.
I'm going to study French for one semester.
That wuss is at home after breaking up with some chick I've never heard of and claims to be trying to think of a way to make things up to this other girl he truly loves and frankly I question if either of these women actually exist.
Hurry up and finish whatever the hell you're doing in there!
Oh please, you chickened out at every opportunity. Not only that, but did you ever think about the consequences of you being oblivious to her, what that must have done to her self-esteem?
The function f(x) = π² is a constant function.
They'll be like "ahaa!"
The derivative of a constant function is always zero.
This differential equation can be easily solved by Laplace transform.
We didn't mean to disparage our contenders.
Tom was normally very reliable and his absence from the meeting was inexplicable.
Mary's email was very terse and it was clear that she was upset about something.
Can you follow me?
Tom and Mary's relationship was very volatile and they argued constantly.
The volatile old man who lived next to Tom often yelled at the neighbourhood kids.
The dark clouds and swirling wind indicated that a storm was imminent.
The coach urged his team not to be complacent following their four consecutive wins.
Do you know what vivisection is?
Vivisection is largely forbidden in Europe and Italy.
Vivisection is a shame.
And where is that?
I hate Justin Bieber.
Is Justin Bieber becoming a father?
He still has a crush on Justin Bieber.
He has a crush on Justin Bieber.
Tobacco arrived.
There is no Truth. There is only the truth within each moment.
This is what I've bought in Spain.
Cheer up.
Don't be so glum.
I am a Teochew.
I'll be free tonight.
If you cannot find the truth right where you are, where else do you expect to find it?
He goes by bike.
I am free tonight.
Mind is consciousness which has put on limitations. You are originally unlimited and perfect. Later you take on limitations and become the mind.
Silence is most powerful. Speech is always less powerful than silence.
The thieves pulled off an audacious robbery in broad daylight.
Would you explain this sentence to me?
The English word "amoeba" and the Japanese word "tatoeba" don't rhyme.
She's so huge!
There's too much pineapple glaze on the ham.
Hawaii seems a lonely island in the middle of the Pacific.
There seems to be a scarcity of Austrian chat rooms in the Web.
I can only think of two examples of sedimentary rocks.
They've realized they should stop discrimination against gays.
She accepts the gifts.
She asked me if I have a web cam.
The sky is waiting for sunset.
The speed with which we forget is just unbelievable.
A tic-tac-toe match is usually quick.
The present will not always be the future.
Just as I thought something was rustling there, a cat leaped out of the bush.
It's a professional-looking website.
I'm afraid of death very much. But thus I don't prevent it, but rather give myself some problems.
It's not Christmas today.
That's my favorite book! Honestly! The book is worth reading.
I read for fun only.
Stop more often while reading in order to think over what you're reading about.
It is terrible that we have to struggle with our own government in order to save the environment.
I heard that they discovered the footprints of an abominable snowman in the Himalayan mountains.
She ardently loves him.
I heard that they found the footprints of an abominable snowman in the Himalayas.
I heard that footprints of an abominable snowman have been discovered in the Himalayas.
He's a boy, and she's a girl.
I took Tom to a hospital.
I heard that footprints of an abominable snowman were found in the Himalayan mountains.
Today isn't my birthday.
My luck and my income depend heavily on my art of dealing with people.
I'm asking Tom to wait.
At first read every chapter quickly to get a bird's-eye view of it.
I've read the book in one go.
How to profit by this book as much as possible?
The movie is far worse than the book.
What I like in this book most is its wonderful quotes, especially in the first part.
I'm at your service, sir.
I know English on a level of intuition.
Lately I read the book that changed my insight into many things.
People are waiting for the sunset.
"What a fabulous creation can a woman be compared with?" "With a triple-headed snake. She speaks one thing, thinks another, and does the third".
It's been raining hard.
The student is interested in nothing.
Liza spends all her money on clothes.
If you want to get a long-drawn benefit from this book, don't think once skimming the cream is enough for that.
Knowledge is used only if it's engraved in our mind.
It's moving fast.
He works too much.
The modern world isn't governed by people, but by ideas.
If someone can't remember his past, he's doomed to experience it anew.
Let's forget about what happened yesterday.
There's nothing remaining.
Why's he outside? Invite him to come in!
The table sits six people.
Red clothes suit her.
She became pale after hearing the news.
He'll recover soon.
I'm sure you're doing your best.
"Do you get it?" "Now I do".
I know you've got some problems with your mother.
It was dark in the forest.
He was a stately man.
Mostly criminals are as naive as children.
Laura and Sarah are sisters of twelve and eight years respectively.
None of these words is written correctly.
To drive a car, you have to get a driver license.
A synesthet can hear colors and see sounds.
In accordance with the public opinion poll of the Gallup university, 44% Americans think the world is younger than years.
He's a talented administrator.
I can't see any bruises.
My grandson cries very loud.
I can go by train.
I'd like to be left alone.
Thank you for informing me.
This clothing of mine has gone out of fashion.
I think the world is much older than the Bible tells us, but honestly, when I look around — it looks much younger!
If you don't believe me, have a look yourself!
Try to do your best.
Just try to do your best.
Just do the best you can.
Are you trying your best?
The medicine didn't help at all.
You should always try to do your best.
You aren't kids anymore.
Don't limit a child to your own learning, for he was born in another time.
I'm sure Tom will do his best.
Tom's systematic problem-solving skills stood him in good stead for promotion to branch manager.
Problem-solving and decision-making skills are essential in a managerial position.
I'm doing this job to help a friend.
You're no longer children.
The child recovered from his cold.
The child recovered by a miracle.
I wish it were tomorrow already.
I can hardly wait until tomorrow.
I can't wait for tomorrow to come.
"And that's your best?" Tom retorted spitefully.
What's your goal for 2014?
My yogurt expires in 2014!
My driver's license expires on my birthday next year.
With so many good English sentences already in the database, I really wish you would consider translating them into Russian, rather than polluting our database with bad English sentences, in other words, posting shit.
I'd still highly recommend that you contribute sentences in Russian, so we could have sentences we can all trust as sounding natural.
Esperanto is pretty much of a non-language.
There's no way to waste more time than by learning Esperanto.
His English was surprisingly good.
Consider regional cooperation and good neighborly relations pillars that guarantee peace.
Camels have three eyelids.
Elephants usually only sleep two or three hours a day.
Smart people can pretend to be dumb. The opposite is more difficult.
The right arm of the Statue of Liberty is feet long.
Genius is nothing more than one's rediscovered youth.
There are people who prefer standing room in first class to a seat in second class.
Nothing is more difficult and requires more strength of character than to find oneself in open opposition to one's time and to say: No!
The panda is pregnant.
Bathers in Argentina were attacked by piranhas.
Piranhas are big, voracious fish with sharp teeth.
I barely know him.
I barely know her.
If he's not your boyfriend, then why are you sleeping with him?
What do you mean, I'm not your type?
She backstabbed him.
He was stabbed in the back.
I can't believe he's dead!
Tom works for Scotland Yard.
Tom is an FBI agent.
I can't believe she's dead!
I don't understand the rules of the game.
He spoke with an American accent.
He's not an evil man.
I tried to help my grandfather.
I can't see what it is from here.
The "Red Dragon" is a well-known gambling and opium den.
Without effective antibiotics, any surgery, even a minor one, could become fatal.
Okay, Tom, you can open your eyes now!
Omigod, Tom, this is so nice!
Plasma TVs used to be very expensive, but now they're much cheaper.
Are you already thinking of a replacement for Tom?
Tom hired a private investigator to dig up dirt on his wife and her lover.
He's a private detective.
He's a gumshoe.
He's a shamus.
He's a private dick.
The rent is very reasonable.
He's not as innocent as he seems.
She's not as innocent as she seems.
Keep him occupied.
Tom is one heck of a good-looking guy.
Don't be impatient!
Tom is a professional wrestler.
What are you two doing here?
You made him blush.
You made her blush.
She's traveling alone.
I want to be a lumberjack.
The flies buzz restlessly.
Tom loves professional wrestling.
Tom's mother lives in this village.
"Premarital sex?" "Yes, Tom. It means sex before marriage."
I think that a man is watching our apartment.
Tom died of hypothermia.
The young couple was accompanied by a chaperone.
He's industrious and hard-working.
He kissed her passionately on the lips.
Tom set about solving the problem in a systematic and determined way.
Mary went about her business as if nothing had happened.
These are the girls!
We trusted each other.
Mary was a quiet type who kept to herself and rarely interacted with others.
Nobody's going to believe this.
Your mother eats shit.
Experience means nothing because you could do your thing badly for years.
Experience can't be handed down — everyone has to come up with their own.
Michael Schumacher is in critical condition.
The Fchampion Michael Schumacher sustained a serious head injury.
The skier suffered a head trauma.
He underwent brain surgery.
Do you recognize these men?
Do you recognize this T-shirt?
He fell and hit his head on a rock.
He's fighting for his life.
She's fighting for her life.
She wanted to be famous.
Do you like the poem I wrote for you?
The other girls were jealous.
She pays us every month.
She has already gone home.
I'm scared of what's going to happen.
Is this the best we can do?
There are some exceptions.
He was nice to me.
I don't want to end.
"How did it go?" "Not well."
What do you love about Tom?
A verdict and a sentence are different things.
What do you like about Tom?
The court sentenced him to years of labor, with no possibility of early release.
Thank you for your letter from the seventh of January.
Are you attracted to her?
Are you attracted to him?
I'd rather walk than pedal.
Are you attracted to me?
He probably likes you.
She probably likes you.
Don't read my diary!
Don't read my journal!
I like listening to NPR.
What do you really think of me?
I feel like I've already been here sometime.
The soldiers died.
I'm calm.
This is a film for men.
You've heard it here first!
This is a movie for men.
He entered the room in his coat and hat.
Do you know if he left the hotel during the night?
He fell while skiing off-piste.
He's used to traveling.
My mind was racing.
You have nothing to be ashamed of.
Tom became a Republican.
That's hogwash.
I was sweating.
If you eat three meals a day, your body will find the energy it needs.
Her eyes are black as coal.
I was planning to go there by bike, but it rained.
I feel happy and at peace with myself.
He asked me to leave the room.
I know how to play soccer.
Some believe that the number seven is lucky.
Susannah is an expert in American history.
He's a man who doesn't speak much but always keeps his promises.
I was young and immature at the time.
I wonder whether you understand.
Some people believe that thirteen is an unlucky number.
I don't want to make new friends!
Why can't people just be nice to each other?
What is this abomination?
She went to high school with me.
He promised the slaves that they would be emancipated.
He promised the slaves that they would be freed.
I laughed in her face.
He laughed in my face.
She allowed me to go.
Tom went to high school with Mary.
Tom and Mary went to the same high school.
Tom and Mary go to school together on the same bus.
Why is he your friend?
Why is she your friend?
Tom and Mary both studied French at the same university in Boston.
Why do you like Tom?
We all have our flaws.
How did you and Tom become friends?
Where did you and Tom first meet?
Have you met any of Tom's friends?
Tom was accused of stealing money from the cash register.
Why can't people just try to get along with each other?
I wonder if you understand.
I wonder whether you really understand.
Listen, foreigner. War is all the trade we offer.
Youth is the springtime of life, but there are also springtimes that are rained out.
Tom doesn't speak much, but when he does, everybody listens.
Tom asked Mary to leave the room.
Tom was asked by Mary to leave the room.
You can convince people of only their own opinions.
What did you really think of that movie?
What did you really think of the way Tom sang?
Tom probably likes you.
Tom probably doesn't like you.
I think Tom probably doesn't like you very much.
Tom told me that he likes you a lot.
Tom told me that he likes Mary a lot.
Tom told Mary that he was in love with Alice.
Tom wondered if Mary liked him as much as he liked her.
Tom was nice to me.
Tom was mean to me.
Tom wanted to be famous.
I don't hate you anymore.
Do you recognize those men?
Fear is the absence of trust.
Tom is in critical condition.
This car dealership has very thin profit margins.
He pinched my arm.
This car has good gas mileage.
Tom is lifting weights.
Tom is an experienced salesman.
I felt weak in the knees.
She allowed me to leave.
Tom suddenly disappeared.
Okay, I lied.
It was just a one-nighter.
He's one of the best I've ever seen.
I don't know how he does it.
I don't know how she does it.
She sat down next to him and listened quietly.
Tom is one of the best dancers I've ever seen.
Tom is the best basketball player I've ever seen.
I have an ace up my sleeve.
They asked a question that was right on the mark.
We'll go out tomorrow if the weather permits.
They had some doubts about their commander.
We had an argument about it last night.
I'm not going to do to you what you're longing for me to do.
She loves to gossip.
You lived alone there.
I need to change my tires.
I'm looking forward to tomorrow.
I thought she loved me.
I didn't want to interrupt the discussion.
I thought he loved me.
The deadline had to be extended.
I lied constantly to my wife.
Furthermore, I don't know how to dance.
Besides that, I don't know how to dance.
She texted him.
His dog is barking at me.
I'm sure that's not what you want to do.
Can you make an exception?
Yelling and screaming is not going to get you anywhere.
Tom is the only breadwinner in the family.
Tom's mom raised him by herself.
He hit me on the shoulder.
Las Vegas was great!
He was driving a new red convertible.
I called Tom the following morning.
We always help each other out.
Tom smiled at the waitress.
I had never been kissed before.
It works both ways.
And then he started kissing me again.
And what if he rejects me?
And what if she rejects me?
Are your parents home?
Don't ask for the impossible.
These computers use punch cards.
I don't really like the way Mr. Jackson teaches.
I don't like Mr. Jackson's teaching methods so much.
Exercise is the best way to get rid of stress.
The best way to get rid of stress is to do a little exercise.
Tom's constant womanizing didn't do his marriage any good.
Mary is a well-adjusted, happy child who relates well to her peers.
If you are lucky enough to look under 25, please don't be offended if we ask you for ID.
If you don't want to shit, don't bother your ass.
When it comes to commas, if in doubt leave them out.
Tom's boss was a pedantic micro manager, who had to check every single thing Tom did.
Antoine Lavoisier was beheaded during the French revolution.
You can follow me.
Human's stupidity doesn't know any limits.
Pigeons can use the terrestrial magnetic field to find their way home.
If someone criticizes you, it's because you have something which he will never have.
"Sometimes it seems, Tom, that we're the only reasonable people over here." "You're right, Mary. However sad it is, we're surrounded by idiots alone, and their ring is inexorably tightening."
I need a cart with two oxen.
It gives me the shivers.
Your friendship is important.
What wine goes well with Brie?
I guess there were almost twenty kinds of cheeses on the table.
We ascertained that the people of Vileika are known for their hospitality for a good reason.
This is from Spain.
This postcard is from Australia.
This is from Australia.
We imported this from Australia.
Have you heard any news from Australia?
Do you need a visa to go to Australia?
Do you need a visa to go to Australia if you have a British passport?
This photo is taken in the right moment.
What are some of Australia's major exports?
What are Australia's major imports?
What's the longest word in French?
What's the longest French word you know?
I'm traveling by myself.
The facts need to be known, not distorted.
Aren't you too young for that job?
John had a brilliant idea.
John had a novel idea.
Wasn't he your friend?
They spent the whole day at the beach.
I locked myself out of my house.
I was locked out of my house.
Sirius has an elliptical orbit.
I'm convinced that you don't want to do that.
I have exactly what you need.
Roses smell good.
Roses smell nice.
Roses have a nice fragrance.
The roses have a nice fragrance.
The roses smell nice.
The roses smell good.
Your name says it all.
Take the street on the right.
We made sure that Vileyka people are reasonedly famous for their hospitality.
I seriously don't want to go to work today.
Look not at the package but what's in it.
Tom was suspended from school because he swore at his classmate.
I need about twenty minutes to organize my morning.
The DVD player replaced the videotape player.
DVD players replaced videotape players.
Tom went to the post office to mail a letter.
It's okay to be gay.
People can decide between me and you.
How long have you been together?
Since when have you been in a relationship?
The things that you learn do not get lost.
They called the dog Shiro.
Dr. Georges's secretary is Japanese.
His boss is very demanding.
The builder of those houses is unknown.
I didn't understand your question.
They're trying to preserve the status quo, not to improve.
At what time will your girlfriend come back home?
She came in through the door.
The most important thing in life is having enough money.
We live near the school.
He prefers to drink his coffee without sugar.
She came running.
The man's third attempt to stop smoking ended in failure.
The man's third attempt to stop smoking failed.
Do you have a business relationship with Randolph Ltd.?
However luggage didn't make it back to Toronto.
What the church can't prohibit it blesses.
Unfortunately, increasing the number of traffic signals at intersections didn't help decrease the number of traffic accidents.
Let's get back on topic.
Christianity is a powerful force. That, for example, protestant missionaries come back home from Asia unconverted - that is a great accomplishment.
I think Tom probably likes you a lot.
He handed in his answer sheet.
You're acting very strangely.
Get your ass in here!
It's the only possible explanation.
I'm not defending him!
Sadly, terrorism is a global disease, but it must never be allowed to triumph.
I admire your tenacity.
I don't think Tom would like it very much if I used his electric beard trimmer without his permission.
He's tall and thin.
This is the perfect hiding place.
Tom was quite inexperienced with girls before he met Mary.
Can you fix my computer?
I'm not related to Tom.
Lightbulbs consume electricity.
Lightbulbs emit heat.
They are not sisters.
I didn't read the paper, but I read the abstract.
Do you want to go to my room?
People consume less electricity than before.
My brother hides his porn magazines under his mattress.
He wrote her a long love letter.
He never wrote me back.
I would like to become a top model and travel all over the world.
We talked about boys.
She never wrote him back.
It's not something I'm proud of.
Have you ever heard the story of the boy who cried wolf?
Why does no one believe me when I'm telling the truth?
Why does no one believe me?
I don't recognize any of these names.
I don't recognize any of these men.
No, Tom, you can't touch the paintings!
"What would happen if I touched a painting?" "I think an alarm would sound off."
Tom's bed is covered by a Pikachu blanket.
I'm saving myself for marriage.
What does the Bible say about this?
The video spread like wildfire over the Internet.
Hold your head high.
You've helped me and I also want to help you.
I don't find any of this interesting.
Finally the snow melted.
When does end?
Tatoeba was sick and almost died.
I love Tatoeba and all the people that contribute on this website.
Tom got very sick and almost died.
The snow has finally melted.
Things just haven't been the same since you left.
Things haven't been the same around here since Tom left.
Things won't be the same around here after Tom leaves.
I'm not interested in having a boyfriend at this point.
What if he was actually telling the truth?
What if there actually was a bomb on the train?
What if she actually knew everything?
What if she actually had no other choice?
He's Tom's chauffeur.
My husband ran off with someone younger.
Tom is not a girl.
Is there any part of my life Tom didn't tell you about?
In a few moments you'll become either a holy martyr or a dead witch.
Tom is cute.
Why is my Internet connection so slow?
My brother has an Xbox.
How fast is your internet connection?
Tom is a former world triathlon champion.
Tom's a bit overweight, but formerly he was quite a good athlete.
The police commissioner said that he would in no way, shape, or form discuss the details of the matter, as it was the subject of ongoing investigations.
Bushland on the outskirts of town is being combed by search parties following the mystery disappearance of a seven-year-old boy several days ago.
Paper is patient. It can be a long time from the planning stage till the execution of a project. Not everything agreed on paper will be respected and accomplished. There is much written down that is wrong.
The weather is getting worse.
Alas, I was inattentive.
She's on good terms with Mr. Brown.
He got a new CD player yesterday.
She's great in bed.
Mary is the real deal.
What is the exact meaning of this word?
Tom said that he wanted to forget him.
Tom said that he wanted to forget her.
"What the hell?! Hark, what have you done?" "Nothing yet. ...No, I have."
There is one thing I've never told you: I'm a superbeing!
Hell no, boy! That's not how you say 'spaghetti'! Take him away!
Tom is Mary's chauffeur.
Tom has been working as Mary's chauffeur for years.
Tom is the only chauffeur that Mary has ever had.
Before Tom became Mary's chauffeur, he was John's chauffeur.
You have always been a fighter.
Are you in London?
I didn't know you liked the noble art.
She is always on my side.
Happy to all my family and friends.
Chile is waiting for your return!
My salary is 300,yen.
I plan to spend the New Year's holiday in Australia.
My plan is to spend the New Year's holiday in Australia.
We got a powerful tool.
I just realized how stupid I am.
It's already time to go to sleep.
I pretended that I was working.
It wasn't a big store, right?
A boy is a male child.
I did not get here before you.
After sowing seeds, it's important to thin out the seedlings if they seem too crowded.
All philosophers, even the famous ones, can be found to have the same weakness: faith in philosophy.
He plays an important, almost pivotal, role.
Blood flows through the veins.
We often skip school.
We often play hookey from school.
You were exaggerating.
Could you send me more information by email?
Could you send me more details by email?
Guess what? I've been accepted to university!
Would you like to have some meatballs?
People eat frankfurters, meatballs and potatosalad on New Year's eve in Finland.
My dog is scared of the booming of New Year's Eve's fireworks and the poor thing has been hiding under the sofa for several hours already.
I'll put the frankfurters and meatballs into the oven now, as it's New Year's eve.
I'd like to believe only good things about her, but her behaviour is really rude indeed.
Just a moment, I'll change the song first.
"Do you like to listen to J-rock or J-pop?" "What does that mean?" "J-rock is Japanese rock, and J-pop is Japanese pop."
I'll go out and see the fireworks.
When will dinner be ready? I'm terribly hungry.
Some fish live in rivers, others in the sea.
Nothing's keeping me here anymore.
I couldn't accept the job.
She didn't resist for long.
His popularity is waning.
Your father seems very friendly.
Instead of ink, there was some unidentified liquid in the bottle.
Sometimes what we don't do is every bit as powerful as what we do.
She speaks English with an odd accent.
One cannot live solely on air and love.
I'm going to stop smoking for good.
The battle doesn't seem to be nearing an end.
I'm afraid he'll kill me. There's no telling what he could do.
The bitterest tears shed over graves are for words left unsaid and deeds left undone.
I remember last night well.
Stand in the corner!
Wait quietly until the substitute teacher gets here.
For how many hours can you sit in front of the television?
She's a fangirl.
Tom was surrounded by a horde of screaming fangirls.
There are a lot of people who believe that Tom really is a time traveler.
We finally reached the lake.
Latvia has kicked off the new year by becoming a member of the Eurozone, and will thus be the eighteenth member of the zone.
A little rest would do us a lot of good.
A person like Tom probably knows how to speak French.
A person like Tom probably knows how to swim.
A person like Tom has probably never kissed anyone other than his mother.
After Tom explained it in French, he explained it in English.
After Tom explained it in French, he said the same thing in English.
All of my kids know how to swim.
All of my kids want to learn French.
All of my kids want to learn how to speak French.
All of my kids want to learn how to swim.
All of my kids went to Boston to visit my parents.
All the students passed the test.
All Tom does nowadays is study.
All Tom does nowadays is swim.
Almost everyone has already left.
Almost everyone here can speak French.
Almost everyone I know can speak French.
Almost everyone I know has a bicycle.
Almost everyone I know knows how to swim.
Almost everyone I know wants to go to tomorrow's concert.
Although Tom is sick, he's planning on going to school.
Although Tom is sick, he plans to get his homework done on time.
Although Tom is sick, he's swimming again today.
Although Tom is sick, he's swimming.
Are those guys from your school?
Are those guys your brothers?
Are those guys your friends?
Are we going to be late?
Are we in any particular hurry?
Are you asking us to give you back the money?
Are you asking us to go to Boston with you?
Are you attempting to bribe me?
Are you aware of any problems?
Are you aware of how much money your son has been spending?
Are you aware of the risks?
Are you aware of what might happen?
Are you certain such a thing can be done?
Are you challenging my authority?
Are you going to be at this afternoon's meeting?
Are you going to buy that dress you were looking at yesterday?
Are you going to go out with Tom again?
Are you going to go swimming this afternoon?
Are you going to help us tomorrow morning?
Are you going to stay in bed all day?
Are you here to help us?
Are you here to spy on me?
Are you hiding something?
Are you in any pain?
Are you in Boston?
Are you in much pain?
Are you kids going to be here again tomorrow?
Are you kids having fun?
Are you kids hungry?
Are you ready to do this?
Are you really not mad at me?
Are you really willing to do this for free?
Are you registered to vote?
Are you responsible for this?
Are you sure you can do that?
Are you telling me that I can't go?
Are you telling me that I have to have this finished by tomorrow?
Are you telling me to stop?
Aren't you hot?
As a last resort, we can get Tom to help us.
As expected, Tom asked Mary to marry him.
As expected, Tom didn't get here on time.
As far as I know, Tom doesn't have a girlfriend.
As soon as Tom gets here, we'll eat.
As soon as Tom gets here, we'll leave.
As soon as Tom gets here, we'll start the meeting.
As usual, Tom got up early in the morning and swam.
As usual, Tom was late.
At that time, I had no idea what was going to happen.
At that time, Tom was in Boston.
At that time, Tom was really hungry.
At that time, Tom was swimming.
At that time, Tom wasn't very happy.
Be sure to get a receipt.
Be sure to tell Tom what happened.
Both Tom and Mary are from Boston.
Both Tom and Mary aren't very good at cooking.
Both Tom and Mary aren't very good at speaking French.
Both Tom and Mary can speak French.
Both Tom and Mary can swim quite well.
Both Tom and Mary have never been to Boston.
Both Tom and Mary study French.
Both Tom and Mary wanted to visit John in the hospital.
Both Tom and Mary were absent today.
Can I do anything to help?
Can this wait until tomorrow?
Can Tom swim?
Can we have some privacy, please?
Can we just eat, please?
Can we just get on with this?
Can we meet somewhere?
Can we postpone the trip?
Can you just get Tom some water?
Can you just go home?
Can you lower your voice?
Can you protect me?
Can you prove that?
Can you reach what's on the top shelf?
Can you remember how much you paid for this?
Can you remember the first time you swam?
Can you remember the first time you went swimming?
Can you remember what we're supposed to do?
Can you remember when Tom joined our company?
Can you remember your kindergarten teacher's name?
Can you speak French like Tom?
Can you swim like Tom?
Can't we all just get along?
Can't we just get Tom to leave?
Can't we just leave?
Can't you just ask Tom to help us?
Children around here don't have many opportunities to swim.
Chill out.
Come into my office.
Come on into my office.
Come outside with me.
Cookie wagged his tail and barked.
Could we get out of here?
Could you do the dishes, please?
Could you just hurry?
Could you lower your voice?
Could you please lend me thirty dollars?
Could you please lower your voice?
Could you please take care of my dog while I'm in Boston?
Could you verify that your computer is plugged in?
Couldn't you just do it later?
Did that hurt?
Did that just happen?
Did that really happen?
Did that really just happen?
Did Tom confess to killing Mary?
Did Tom say anything else?
Did Tom sign that confession voluntarily?
Did Tom swim yesterday?
Did Tom teach you how to do that?
Did you come here yesterday?
Did you have anything to do with this?
Did you just make that up?
Did you just say my name?
Did you know that Tom bought a new car?
Did you know that Tom could speak French?
Did you know that Tom couldn't speak French?
Did you know that Tom doesn't like chocolate?
Did you know that Tom has never learned to drive?
Did you know that Tom is planning on moving to Boston?
Did you learn to speak French when you were a child?
Did you learn to swim when you were a child?
Did you make coffee this morning?
Did you make this?
Did you really have to yell that loud?
Did you really think I wouldn't find out that you went there last night?
Did you receive my message?
Didn't you know that Tom was married?
Do you have identification?
Do I need to come back here tomorrow?
Do something quickly.
Do we have to do this now?
Do whatever you have to do.
Do you actually know how to do this?
Do you advertise in the Yellow Pages?
Do you always greet people that way?
Do you believe Tom?
Do you consider Tom a friend?
Do you consider yourself an honest person?
Do you feel better?
Do you feel like a drink?
Do you feel like having a drink?
Do you folks need anything?
Do you guys go to the same school?
Do you have a choice?
Do you have any comment?
Do you have any idea how dangerous that is?
Do you have any idea how much it cost me to become a member here?
Do you have any idea what time Tom will get here?
Do you have any idea what Tom is doing?
Do you have any idea where your birth certificate is?
Do you have any idea who might've killed Tom?
Do you have any idea who might have stolen my bicycle?
Do you have any idea who that might be?
Do you have any ideas on how we can solve this problem?
Do you have any ideas?
Do you have anything in particular you want to know?
Do you have anything special in mind?
Do you have hair clippers?
Do you have life insurance?
Do you have the authority to do that?
Do you know anybody around here who has a place to rent?
Do you know anything about Boston?
Do you know anything about computers?
Do you know anything about fixing computers?
Do you know anything about what happened?
Do you know how much it costs to be a member here?
Do you know how much it costs to get to Boston from here?
A mystery disease caused the grapes to wither on the vine.
The airline provided free accommodation to stranded passengers as a goodwill gesture.
Golf is a ruined walk.
The national road toll has dropped, due in part to the fact that modern cars are safer.
If the grain is bad, spice won't help.
The storm raged for a few days.
Do you know how this works?
Do you know how to do that?
Do you know of any good restaurants around here?
Do you know that song?
Do you know the chords to this song?
Do you know the name of the boy who's playing the guitar?
Do you know the name of the boy who's standing over there?
Do you know these guys?
Do you know what just happened?
Do you know what these are?
Do you know what Tom did yesterday?
Do you know what Tom needs?
Do you know what you just did?
Do you know whether or not Tom is going to swim?
Do you know whether or not Tom likes cream in his coffee?
Do you know whether or not Tom plans to go to Boston next weekend?
Do you know who it is?
Do you know your license plate number?
Do you like pirate movies?
Do you mind if I leave early?
Do you mind if I park here?
Do you realize what this means?
Do you realize what you've done?
Do you really believe that?
Do you really like this dress?
Do you recognize these?
Do you recognize this key?
Do you recognize this?
Do you remember anything Tom said?
Do you remember how amazing Tom was at dancing?
Do you remember how good Tom was at playing the guitar?
Do you remember how to do this?
Do you remember what time Tom said he'd be here?
Do you remember your license plate number?
Do you require any further assistance?
Do you still go jogging every morning?
Do you still live in Boston?
Do you still plan to go to Tom's party?
Do you still play golf?
Do you think it'll be possible for us to do this without Tom's help?
Do you think it'll be possible for you come over and help us this weekend?
Do you think that's going to help?
Do you think Tom can speak French?
Do you think Tom can swim?
Do you think Tom knows how to swim?
Do you think Tom looks like his mother?
Do you think Tom wants to eat now?
Do you think Tom wants to go by himself?
Do you think Tom wants to live in Boston?
Do you think Tom will ask Mary to the prom?
Do you think Tom will go shopping with us tomorrow afternoon?
Do you think Tom will go skiing with us next weekend?
Do you think Tom will go swimming with us tomorrow?
Do you think Tom will graduate this year?
Do you think Tom will lend me the money I need?
Do you think Tom will like this?
Do you think Tom will swim tomorrow?
Do you think Tom will try harder next time?
Do you think we can do this without Tom's help?
Do you think you can solve these puzzles?
Do you think Tom and Mary go to the same school?
Do you trust me, Tom?
Do you understand how it works?
Do you understand what you've done?
Do you want another beer?
Do you want that? If so, I'll buy it for you.
Do you want to go back?
Do you want to go out for breakfast?
Do you want to go to a movie?
Do you want to go to dinner?
Do you want to go to lunch?
Do you want to go to Starbucks?
Do you want to go to the party?
Do you want to rest for a bit?
Do you want us to go to Boston with you?
Does Tom have a choice?
Does Tom need to come back here tomorrow?
Does Tom really always swim by himself? Isn't that dangerous?
Does Tom really believe that Mary was abducted by aliens?
Does Tom swim every day?
Does Tom swim often?
Don't forget to pay the phone bill.
Don't stay too late.
Don't stay too long.
Don't swim here.
Don't trust anyone over twenty.
Don't you recognize the symptoms?
Don't you remember how bad Tom is at speaking French?
Eat whatever you want.
Even in the winter, Tom usually leaves the window open when he sleeps.
Even though it's a bit cold, let's go swimming.
Even though it's a bit cold, we still plan on having a picnic.
Even though Tom grew up near the ocean, he never learned how to swim.
Even though Tom is sick, he plans to get his homework finished on time.
Even though Tom is sick, he's planning on going to school.
Even though Tom is sick, he's swimming again today.
Even though Tom is sick, he's swimming.
Even though Tom knew he shouldn't, he borrowed money from a loan shark.
Even though Tom knew he shouldn't, he went swimming by himself.
Every time I see Tom, he's eating something.
Every time I see Tom, he's talking on his phone.
Everybody likes to be appreciated.
Everybody wants to be loved.
Everybody, get out of my house.
Everyone but Tom ate fish.
Everyone but Tom has already gone home.
Everyone but Tom is planning on going camping this weekend.
Everyone but Tom swam.
Everyone remained seated.
Everyone remained standing.
Everything is going to be just fine.
Everything is just beginning.
Everything looks normal.
Everything was just so hard.
Everything's going to be just fine.
Except for Tom, everyone in the family can speak French.
Except for Tom, everyone in the office left at 2:30.
Except for Tom, the whole family went swimming.
Excuse us for just a moment.
Find out what they're doing here.
Find out what Tom is doing here.
Find out what Tom is doing in Boston.
For exercise, I either ride a bicycle or go swimming.
From what I can tell, Tom isn't a bad person.
Get everyone out of here.
Get into the boat, please.
Get those people out of here.
Give it back to me.
Give it back.
Go ahead and ask Tom.
Go do your homework.
Go into the lab.
Going to the beach with you actually sounds pretty interesting.
Has Tom already cleaned his room?
Has Tom already eaten?
Has Tom already left?
Has Tom finished his homework?
Have you been studying?
Have you ever had a near death experience?
Have you heard from Tom lately?
Have you searched the entire house?
Hey, who are you?
How about if the three of us go camping next weekend?
How about if the three of us go out for dinner tonight?
How are the repairs going?
How are we going to get out of here?
How can you be so naive?
How could you do such a thing?
How did everyone react?
How did we get ourselves into this?
How did you get into the building?
How did you get into trouble?
How did you get Mary to go out with you?
How did you get out of doing that?
How did you get that much money?
How did you get Tom out of that room?
How do I know when my car needs a brake job?
How do I know when my car needs an oil change?
How do we get Tom out of jail?
How do we know it isn't a trap?
How do we know it isn't just a trap?
How do you know Mary is not into me?
How do you want your eggs?
How is the construction going?
How many hours a day do you study French?
How many hours a day do you swim?
How many hours a day do you watch TV?
How many hours a day does Tom study French?
How many hours a day does Tom swim?
How many hours a day does Tom watch TV?
How many laps do you swim every day?
How many laps do you usually swim?
How many people are you planning on calling?
How many people are you planning on inviting?
How many people are you planning on visiting?
How old were you when you first started studying French?
How were you able to escape from prison?
How's the job?
I advised Tom not to eat the shrimp.
I advised Tom not to go out after dark.
I already know how to do that.
I asked around and everybody says Tom is a good guy.
I asked around and there don't seem to be any stores around here that sell that.
I asked around, but nobody seemed to have any idea how to fix the problem.
I asked Mary why she never got remarried after her husband died.
I asked Tom if he knew anybody who taught French.
I asked Tom if he knew anybody who taught swimming.
I asked Tom why he never remarried.
I assume that you can speak French.
I assume that Tom and Mary will get married.
I assume that Tom can swim.
I assume that Tom can't swim.
I assume that Tom doesn't know how to swim.
I assume that Tom knows how to swim.
I assume that Tom will be late again.
I assume that Tom will eat dinner with us this evening.
I assume that Tom will swim.
I assume that Tom would like to go to Boston with us.
Tom's French is steadily getting better.
I began to realize that Tom wasn't as happy as he used to be.
I believe my purpose in life is to make you happy.
I believe we have a staff meeting scheduled for 2:30.
I bet Tom can speak French.
I bet Tom knows how to swim.
I came back from Boston a few days ago.
I came here three days ago, too.
I came here today to help you do whatever needs to be done.
I came here today to talk to Tom.
I can no longer trust Tom.
I can understand why you might not want to go.
I can't make it to Boston this weekend.
I can't stop worrying about Tom.
I can't talk right now. I'm eating dinner.
I certainly had no idea Tom didn't know how to swim.
I certainly had no idea Tom was angry.
I certainly had no idea Tom was planning to move to Boston.
I certainly had no idea Tom was studying French.
I certainly had no idea Tom was thinking about getting divorced.
I certainly had no idea Tom was thinking about killing himself.
I certainly had no idea Tom would be coming over tonight.
I could hear Tom playing his guitar and yodeling.
I couldn't prevent Tom from eating all the cookies.
I couldn't prevent Tom from leaving.
I couldn't prevent Tom from swimming.
I didn't even get a chance to eat anything.
I didn't even get a chance to go swimming.
I didn't even get a chance to see Tom.
I didn't expect Tom to be at the meeting.
I didn't feel like going.
I didn't get any sleep last night.
I didn't know how to speak French at that time.
I didn't know how to speak French very well.
I didn't know how to swim at that time.
I didn't know how to swim very well.
I didn't know that Tom could swim.
I didn't know that Tom spoke French.
I didn't know that Tom swam yesterday.
I didn't know that Tom swam.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were related.
I didn't know you and Tom were related.
I didn't know you didn't like Chinese food.
I didn't know you liked Mary.
I didn't know you two were friends.
I didn't realize you didn't understand French.
I didn't realize you were allergic to peanuts.
I didn't realize you were hungry.
I didn't realize you were so good at French.
I didn't realize you were so hungry.
I didn't realize you were so rich.
I didn't realize you were tired.
I didn't receive your letter until today.
I didn't see exactly what happened.
I do hope that it won't rain tomorrow.
I don't believe that was ever a possibility.
I don't care about what other people think.
I don't enjoy teaching children to swim when their parents are around.
I don't enjoy teaching French.
I don't enjoy teaching young children to swim.
I don't expect that Tom will swim.
I don't get it at all.
I don't know for certain whether Tom will swim or not.
I don't know how this could've happened.
I don't know how to speak French properly.
I don't know the reason why Tom and Mary don't get along.
I don't know when Tom bought that dictionary.
I don't know where your house is.
I don't know whether Tom can speak French or not.
I don't know whether Tom has a bicycle or not.
I don't know whether Tom will eat with us or not.
I don't know whether Tom will swim or not.
I don't let Tom make decisions for me.
I don't like speaking French.
I don't really know Tom all that well.
I don't remember agreeing to anything.
I don't remember promising that.
I don't remember where I put my sunglasses.
I don't swim as much as I used to.
I don't think I've made enough spaghetti for everyone.
I don't think it's safe to swim here.
I don't think that Tom will help us.
I don't think that Tom will swim tomorrow.
I don't think that Tom will want to go with us.
I don't think they'll allow you to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary are related.
I don't think Tom has any ulterior motives.
I don't think Tom is the philosophical type.
I don't think Tom will swim tomorrow.
I don't think Tom will want to go with us.
I don't understand what it is you want to do.
I don't understand what you want to do.
I don't want to argue with you about this.
I don't want to discuss this further.
I don't want to do anything that might be dangerous.
I don't want Tom to go out after dark by himself.
I don't want Tom to know about this yet.
I don't want Tom to know that I got married.
I don't want Tom to know that Mary and I went on a date.
I don't want Tom to stay up late.
I don't want you to be here.
I don't want you to hang out with Tom.
I don't want you to see Tom anymore.
I drank three cups of coffee this morning.
I eat sushi every chance I get.
I expect that Tom will eat before he comes.
I expect that Tom will swim.
I expect that Tom won't swim.
I expect Tom will be seeing Mary again this evening.
I expect Tom will swim.
I expect Tom won't swim.
I expected something like this might happen.
I expected Tom to be at my party.
I expected Tom to be late.
I expected Tom to help me paint the ceiling.
I feel like I need to do something to help Tom.
I feel like I should be doing something to help.
I feel the same way.
I gather you're not interested in the job.
I go ice skating every chance I get.
I go swimming every chance I get.
I go to Boston every chance I get.
I go to the library every other day.
I got there early and had the whole swimming pool to myself.
I got there early and was able to get a seat in front.
I guess I was stupid to expect you to do anything.
I guess I was stupid to expect you to get here on time.
I guess it can't be helped.
I had a good reason for doing that.
I had a good reason for not being there.
I had a very stimulating conversation with Tom.
I had no idea Tom was not happy.
I had no idea you couldn't speak French.
I had no idea you couldn't swim.
I had no idea you didn't have a driver's license.
I had no idea you didn't know how to swim.
I had no idea you didn't like carrots.
I had no idea you didn't like Tom.
I had no idea you knew how to play the trombone.
I had no idea you were a member at this club.
I had no idea you were a teacher.
I had no idea you were planning on going to Boston.
I had no idea you were planning to go to Boston.
I had no idea you were planning to go to graduate school.
I had no idea you were so good at cooking.
I had no idea you were so good at French.
I had no idea you were unhappy.
I had not expected Tom to be able to speak French.
I had not expected Tom to be at the meeting.
I had not expected Tom to swim.
I happen to know that Tom can't speak French.
I happen to know that Tom sold his car last week.
I hardly ever go to Boston.
I hardly ever go to church.
I hardly ever go to museums.
I hardly ever speak French anymore.
I hardly ever speak French nowadays.
I hardly ever speak French with anybody.
I hardly ever swim.
I hardly ever watch TV anymore.
I hardly ever watch TV.
I hate to be the bearer of bad news.
I have a few things I have to do before I can go home tonight.
I have a few things I have to do.
I have a few things I need to buy.
I have a few things I need to do.
I have a few things I need to talk to Tom about.
I have a friend who has a house in Boston.
I have a friend who knows Tom.
I have a friend who shaves his head.
I have a friend who speaks French very well.
I have a friend who went to school with Tom.
I have a friend who works at that store.
I have a little announcement to make.
I have a message for you from Tom.
I have a nephew who would be perfect for this job.
I have a previous engagement.
I have a secret I can't tell anyone.
I have absolutely no intention of ever doing that again.
I have absolutely no intention of going there alone.
I have absolutely no intention of telling Tom what you've just asked me to tell him.
I have an extremely important meeting tomorrow.
I have faith in each and every one of you.
I have more than one friend who can't swim.
I have my life savings invested in this store.
I have never been to Boston.
I've never cheated on a test.
I have never eaten horse meat.
I've never gone swimming with Tom.
I have no choice but to do what Tom asked me to do.
I have no choice but to go.
I have no idea what's going on here.
I have no idea where Tom lives.
I have no idea who Tom's wife is.
I have no idea why Tom enjoys swimming so much.
I have no intention of arguing with you about this.
I have no intention of discussing this further.
I have no intention of ever coming back here again.
I have no intention of going to the party with you.
I have no intention of going to your wedding.
I have no particular desire to discuss that matter.
I have no quarrel with Tom.
I have some debts to repay.
I have some experience in that area as well.
I have some questions I'd like to ask.
I have some things I have to do.
I have something I have to talk to you about.
I have something I have to tell you.
I have something that might be useful to you.
I have something to do this afternoon.
I have the best job in the entire world.
I have to admit I'm a little hesitant about asking Tom for help.
I have to answer this letter right away.
I have to ask Tom to help us.
I have to ask you some personal questions that you may not want to answer.
I have to attend a meeting this afternoon.
I have to be absent from school next week.
I have to be careful from now on.
I have to buy a new battery for my car.
I have to buy food and drinks for the party we're giving this evening.
I have to buy some medicine for my mother.
I have to deny your request.
I have to do something else now.
I have to do that sometimes, too.
I have to find a new job.
I have to finish writing the book I'm working on.
I have to get some money out of the bank.
I have to get up early, even on Sundays.
I have to give something to Tom.
I have to go home to be with my children.
I have to go tell Tom about what happened.
I have to go to a funeral today.
I have to go to a wedding tomorrow.
I have to leave immediately.
I have to lose some weight.
I have to make certain Tom knows what time the concert starts.
I have to make certain Tom knows what to do.
I have to make certain Tom knows where he needs to go.
I have to pay this bill today.
I have to remember to buy some milk.
I have to remember to give this to Tom.
I have to sell a lot of my things so I can pay all my bills.
I have to speak to you about something important.
I have to stay home today to take care of my mother.
I have to take that chance.
I have to talk to somebody about what I should do.
I have to tell Tom about it.
I have to try a little harder next time.
I have to warn Tom about what might happen.
I have to weed the garden.
I haven't been swimming recently.
I haven't been to Boston in a long time.
I haven't done that yet.
I haven't eaten Chinese food in a long time.
I haven't gone swimming in a long time.
I haven't seen Tom this angry in a long time.
I haven't seen Tom this happy in a long time.
I haven't swum since last summer.
I hear that Tom hired you.
I hear you have a girlfriend now.
I heard Mary is really cute.
I heard my dog barking, so I opened the curtains and looked outside.
I heard that since Tom isn't feeling well he won't come to school today.
I heard that since Tom isn't feeling well he'll stay home today.
I heard that Tom and Mary are planning to get married.
I heard that Tom and Mary got married.
I heard that Tom asked his boss for a raise.
I heard that Tom attempted suicide.
I heard that Tom can't speak French at all.
I heard that Tom didn't swim very often when he was a kid.
I heard that Tom doesn't know how to swim.
I heard that Tom doesn't live in Boston anymore.
I heard that Tom doesn't speak French.
I heard that Tom doesn't swim anymore.
I heard that Tom doesn't swim very often.
I heard that Tom is a terrific kisser.
I heard that Tom is going to Boston.
I heard that Tom is going to eat dinner with us this evening.
I heard that Tom is going to get married soon.
I heard that Tom is going to play tennis with us this afternoon.
I heard that Tom is in the hospital.
I heard that Tom is learning how to drive.
I heard that Tom is living in Boston.
I heard that Tom is planning to come with us.
I heard that Tom is studying French.
I heard that Tom loves classical music.
I heard that Tom moved to Boston.
I heard that Tom plans to move to Boston.
I heard that Tom wanted to go swimming with us next weekend.
I heard that Tom wanted to go to Boston with us.
I heard that Tom wanted to learn French.
I heard that Tom wants to buy a new snowboard.
I heard that Tom wants to swim this afternoon.
I heard that Tom was hospitalized.
I heard that Tom went to Boston.
I heard that Tom won't be here today.
I heard that Tom's boss refused to give him a raise.
I heard that you have invited Tom to play mahjong with us tomorrow night.
I heard Tom cracking his knuckles.
I heard Tom humming to himself while he washed dishes.
I heard Tom playing drums with his band yesterday.
I heard Tom singing in the shower.
I heard Tom snapping his fingers.
I heard Tom speaking French.
I heard Tom talking on the phone in French.
I heard Tom talking on the phone.
I heard Tom tapping his foot to the music.
I heard Tom walking up the steps.
I heard Tom won't be at school tomorrow.
I heard Tom won't graduate this year.
I heard you broke up with your girlfriend.
I heard you were taking tomorrow off.
I helped Tom clean his room.
I helped Tom clean the bathtub.
I helped Tom clear the table.
I helped Tom decide where to hang the picture.
I helped Tom decide where to put the sofa.
I helped Tom decide which car to buy.
I helped Tom do his homework.
I helped Tom fill out the application form.
I helped Tom give his dog a bath.
I helped Tom paint his garage.
I helped Tom wash his car.
I helped Tom wash the dishes.
I helped Tom weed the garden.
I helped you when you needed help.
I hope I make the last train.
I hope I'm in time for the last train.
I hope this wasn't a waste of my time.
I hope Tom feels the same way you do about this.
I hope Tom knows how to fix this.
I hope Tom knows how lucky he is.
I hope Tom remembers how to do this.
I hope Tom remembers how to get to our house.
I hope Tom remembers that we're going over to Mary's for dinner this evening.
I hope Tom remembers us.
I hope Tom remembers where he buried the money.
I hope you like this gift.
I hope you suffer as much as we did.
I hope you'll be able to come back soon.
I hope you'll be able to see Tom soon.
I hope you'll learn to appreciate my humor.
I hope you're not wasting our time.
I hope your parents like me.
I informed Tom that I wouldn't be attending the meeting.
I intend to be there by 2:30.
I intend to destroy everything.
I jumped into the water and swam to the other side of the river.
I just called to ask you how you're doing.
I just called to see how you're doing.
I just got back from Australia.
I just got back from my morning swim.
I just got back from school.
I just got back from supermarket.
I just got back from the post office.
I just paid this month's rent to the landlord.
I knew it would be impossible for me to win.
I knew that Tom wouldn't be able to find a job.
I knew that Tom wouldn't be able to get into the bar.
I knew that Tom wouldn't be able to get the loan.
I knew that Tom wouldn't be able to help us.
I knew that Tom wouldn't be able to swim all the way to the island.
I knew there was nothing you could do about it.
I know a guy who knows a guy who knows Tom Jackson.
I know every word of every song that Tom ever wrote.
I know for a fact Tom had nothing to do with this.
I know how confusing this must be for you.
I know how proud you are of your children.
I know how proud you are of your work.
I know that this doesn't really matter.
I know Tom had nothing to do with this.
I know what really matters.
I know what you need to know.
I know you aren't responsible for this problem.
I learned a valuable lesson tonight.
I learned how to swim when I was a kid.
I learned that in the first year of medical school.
I learned that when I was in high school.
I learned that when I was in kindergarten.
I leave home at 7:in the morning.
I like to do everything for myself.
I live in a quiet neighborhood.
I live quite near here.
I may be late for dinner.
I may not be able to be at this afternoon's meeting.
I may not be able to go shopping with you tomorrow.
I may not be able to go swimming with you this afternoon.
I may not be able to help.
I may not be able to pay my rent this month.
I may stay in Boston for over a month.
I met Tom in Australia.
I met Tom three years ago.
I might be able to convince Tom to cooperate.
I might be able to do something about that.
I might be able to help you tomorrow.
I might be able to help you unclog your sink.
I might be late for dinner.
I might know somebody that could help you.
I might not be able to help.
I might stay in Boston for over a month.
I moved to Boston three years ago.
I must've overlooked something.
I must've been drugged.
I need a little affection.
I need all the practice I can get.
I need help filling out this application form.
I need help moving the sofa.
I need help painting the fence.
I need help putting stamps on these envelopes.
I need help translating this document into French.
I need help with my homework.
I need the money I requested as soon as possible.
I need to do some research.
I need to exercise more often.
I need to go on a diet.
I need to know that Tom can be trusted.
I need to know that Tom won't betray us.
I need to know that we can depend on Tom.
I need to know the reason why you weren't here yesterday.
I need to know what Tom did yesterday.
I need to know where Tom was last night.
I need to know why Tom was absent from school today.
I need to park my car here.
I need to pay this bill by tomorrow.
I need to put stamps on all these envelopes.
I need to reread this report.
I need to rewrite my report.
I need to talk to you alone.
I need to talk to you later.
I need to tell Tom something.
I need you to focus and listen to me.
I never intended to hurt you.
I never knew there were so many different kinds of insects.
I never learned how to speak French as well as I wanted.
I never learned to speak French very well until Tom started to help me.
I never realized how much I'd miss you.
I never realized how much Tom liked Mary.
I never realized how much Tom wanted to go to Boston.
I never realized how stressful this job would be.
I never said you were lying.
I offered Tom a beer, but he said he didn't want one.
I ought to be able to do something about that.
I owe Tom thirty dollars.
I pass by Tom's house on my way to and from school.
I personally didn't find that movie very interesting.
I plan to go abroad as soon as I graduate.
I plan to go there alone.
I promise I'll try harder next time.
I promise you a third of the profits after expenses.
I realize how frustrated you must be.
I realize you're anxious to finalize the details.
I really wonder what Tom is doing now.
I remember being here before.
I saw some people swimming in the river.
I saw Tom come out of the house.
I saw Tom dancing with Mary.
I saw Tom entering that restaurant.
I saw Tom in the park.
I saw Tom picking his neighbor's flowers.
I saw Tom swim across the river.
I saw Tom swimming across the river.
I saw Tom waiting in the lobby.
I sent Tom an email.
I should be there in less than three hours.
I should know by now not to ask Tom for help.
I should know by now that I shouldn't trust Tom.
I should know by now to trust my instincts.
I should probably get back to work.
I should probably go and see Tom.
I should probably go get some money out of the bank before it closes.
I skied almost every day last January.
I smell smoke.
I sometimes go to the local pool to swim, but I prefer swimming in the ocean.
I spend a lot of time hanging out with Tom.
I spend a lot of time in Boston.
I spend a lot of time listening to the radio.
I spend a lot of time practicing the guitar.
I spend a lot of time reading.
I spend a lot of time watching TV.
I spend a lot of time with Tom.
I spent all afternoon thinking about what I should do.
I spent all day cleaning my room.
I spent all day in the library.
I spent all day thinking about Tom.
I spent all day watching TV.
I spent all day with Tom.
I spent all day wondering what I should do.
I spent all night working on this report.
I spent three hours in the lab with Tom this afternoon.
I still don't think it's funny.
I still have a lot of questions I want to ask.
I still have a lot of things to take care of.
I still think it's funny.
I study French with Tom three times a week.
I suggest we go home by cab.
I suggest we go home.
I suggest we go over to Tom's and help him get ready for the party.
I suggest we invite Tom to the party.
I suggest we try a little harder next time.
I suggest we try a little harder.
I suggest you be a little more cooperative.
I suspect that Tom cheated on the test.
I suspect that Tom is up to his old tricks again.
I swim almost every day in the summer.
I swim every chance I get.
I taught Tom how to swim.
I think I know everything I need to know about this.
I think it's dangerous to swim here.
I think it's safe to swim here.
I think people should be allowed to govern themselves.
I think that what you need now is a kiss.
I think that what you need now is some sleep.
I think that what you need now is to eat something.
I think there is a more obvious explanation.
I think Tom doesn't come here very often.
I think Tom doesn't eat meat.
I think Tom doesn't have a very good job.
I think Tom doesn't know how to swim.
I think Tom doesn't really like Mary very much.
I think Tom doesn't speak French very often.
I think Tom doesn't speak French very well, but I could be wrong.
I think Tom doesn't speak French very well.
I think Tom doesn't swim very often, but I could be wrong.
I think Tom doesn't swim very often.
I think Tom is a good driver.
I think Tom is a good swimmer.
I think Tom is a little nervous about this.
I think Tom is likely to go to Boston in the near future.
I think Tom is the only one here who doesn't know how to swim.
I think Tom is the only one here who knows where Mary lives.
I think Tom is the person who painted that picture.
I think Tom is the person who should be doing this instead of me.
I think Tom isn't likely to go to Boston any time soon.
I think Tom might be allergic to eggs.
I think Tom might be at school.
I think Tom might be in Boston.
I think Tom might be involved in what happened.
I think Tom might be sleepy.
I think Tom might be swimming now.
I think Tom might be tired.
I think Tom might want to go bowling with us.
I think Tom must be hungry by now.
I think Tom must be pretty sleepy by now.
I think Tom probably loves Mary.
I think Tom will be happy with the results.
I think Tom will be late.
I think Tom will drive me to the airport.
I think Tom will fail his driving test.
I think Tom will go to Boston next summer.
I think Tom will like this.
I think Tom will never do what we requested.
I think Tom will probably be late.
I think Tom will swim.
I thought it might be fun, so I went to Tom's party.
I thought you already knew about what happened.
I thought you already paid the bill.
I thought you could speak French.
I thought you said you had something to tell me.
I thought you would be here.
I thought you would want to go to the concert with us.
I told Tom not to go out after dark.
I told Tom that he should call Mary.
I told Tom that he shouldn't go out after dark.
I told Tom that I wasn't busy.
I told Tom that I wasn't hungry.
I told Tom that I wasn't ready.
I told Tom that I wasn't tired.
I told Tom that I wouldn't be at his party.
I told Tom that I wouldn't help him.
I told Tom to clean his room.
I told Tom to come early.
I told Tom to swim a little every day for exercise.
I told Tom to take out the garbage.
I told you I wouldn't do that anymore.
I told you not to call after midnight.
I told you to leave it up to me.
I trust the room will be to your satisfaction.
I trust you more than anyone else.
I trusted Tom more than I should have.
I try to read at least a few pages a day.
I try to read something in French every day.
I try to swim a kilometer a day.
I try to walk at least a few kilometers every day.
I used to be a professional musician.
I used to be able to speak French better than I do now.
I used to drink beer, but I don't anymore.
I used to eat a lot of meat.
I used to go home to eat back then.
I used to have a house in Boston.
I used to live in Boston.
I used to love swimming when I was a kid.
I used to not eat meat.
I used to play a lot of tennis.
I used to play in a band with Tom.
I used to swim a lot when I was a kid.
I used to work in Boston.
I used to work in the same restaurant as Tom.
I want all the information you have.
I want to be happy again.
I want to buy this house as much as you do.
I want to do something special for you.
I want to go home as much as you do.
I want to go there by myself.
I want to go to Boston with you.
I want to hear you sing.
I want to know more about Tom.
I want to know when you expect to have the report finished.
I want to know where you found that.
I want to know where you plan to live.
I want to know where you were yesterday afternoon.
I want to know why you did what you did.
I want to know why you weren't here yesterday morning.
I want to leave here as much as you do.
I want to leave here as soon as possible.
I want to meet Tom as soon as possible.
I want to minimize the chances of another accident.
I want to minimize the chances of another incident.
I want to remind you that you have a 2:appointment.
I want to see you dance.
I want to see you smile.
I want to stay home and read a book.
I want to stay home and sleep all day.
I want to stay home and watch TV tonight.
I want to stay home with my family.
I want to try bungee jumping.
I want to try eating horse meat.
I want to try snowboarding.
I want to watch you dance.
I want you to clean your room.
I want you to do whatever you think is right.
I want you to finish your homework before you start playing games.
I want you to listen to Tom's advice.
I wanted to do something that would make Tom happy.
I wanted to go ice fishing with you last weekend.
I wanted to speak French every day.
I wanted to swim every day.
I warned you about how boring that class would be.
I warned you about how dangerous it would be.
I warned you what would happen if you did that.
I was about to get in the bath when I heard someone knocking on the door.
I was about to leave, but Tom came, so I stayed.
I was employee of the year for three years.
I was hoping I might be able to eat at your house this evening.
I was hoping I would be out of the hospital before ski season started.
I was hoping I wouldn't have to work on Sunday.
I was hoping Tom could lend me some money.
I was hoping Tom knew what we were supposed to do.
I was hoping Tom would be here.
I was hoping Tom would have time to come over and help us move the piano.
I was hoping Tom would help me load the truck.
I was hoping we could eat early tonight.
I was hoping we could eat out this evening.
I was hoping we could get to know each other better.
I was hoping we wouldn't have to go.
I was hoping you and I could get to know each other better.
I was hoping you would know Tom's address.
I was offered a new job.
I was tempted to go swimming even though the lifeguard was not yet on duty.
I was tempted to skip class and go home early.
I was terribly worried.
I was the one who did the wrong thing, not you.
I was the one who said we should give Tom another chance.
I was the one who said we should wait.
I was the only one who knew about it.
I was thinking about going to a movie. Do you want to go with me?
I was totally unprepared for this.
I was up all night doing homework.
I was up all night playing games.
I was up all night reading a book.
I was up all night watching videos.
I was wondering if I could borrow your car.
I was wondering if it would be OK if I took tomorrow off.
I was wondering if Tom and Mary are dating.
I was wondering if you can speak French.
I was wondering if you could help.
I was wondering if you might be able to help.
I was wondering if you might do me another favor.
I was wondering if you might have time to help us.
I was wondering if you would go to the prom with me.
I was wondering if you'd mind if I smoked.
I went drinking last night with Tom.
I went swimming with Tom.
I went three blocks out of my way.
I went to a movie with Tom a few days ago.
I went to the beach with Tom.
I wish I could run as fast as Tom.
I wish I could speak French as well as Tom.
I wish I could swim as fast as Tom.
I wish I had gone to Boston with Tom.
I wish I had helped Tom at that time.
I wish I had helped Tom back then.
I wish I had learned French when I was a kid.
I wish I hadn't wasted so much time.
I wish my children would behave themselves.
I wish that Tom would follow my advice.
I wish that Tom would give me another chance.
I wish that Tom would go home.
I wish that Tom would help Mary with her homework.
I wish that Tom would help us.
I wish that Tom would join our team.
I wish that Tom would just shut up.
I wish that Tom would leave.
I wish that Tom would visit us more often.
I wish Tom had been here today.
I wish Tom had come to our party last night.
I wish Tom had come with us, don't you?
I wish Tom had done what we asked him to do.
I wish Tom would help around the house more often.
I wish Tom would quit talking about Mary.
I wish Tom would visit more often.
I won't be pressured into betraying my country.
I won't be pressured into doing something I don't want to do.
I won't have time to finish writing this report before the meeting.
I won't have time to help you this afternoon.
I wonder if I should trust my instincts.
I wonder if Tom can babysit for us tonight.
I wonder if Tom can do what we've asked.
I wonder if Tom can help us.
I wonder if Tom can speak French.
I wonder if Tom can swim.
I wonder if Tom is a vegetarian.
I wonder if Tom will be here today.
I wonder if Tom would mind babysitting our kids tomorrow night.
I wonder if Tom would mind helping us tomorrow.
I wonder what Tom plans to do tomorrow.
I wonder when Tom plans to go home.
I wonder when Tom will arrive.
I wonder when Tom will graduate.
I wonder when Tom will retire.
I wonder when Tom will swim.
I wonder where Tom plans to sleep tonight.
I wonder whether Tom will help us.
I wonder whether Tom will pass his test.
I wonder who Tom plans to ask to the prom.
I wonder why Tom came here today.
I wonder why Tom did it.
I wonder why Tom hasn't come yet.
I wonder why Tom isn't here.
I wondered what was going on.
I wondered what was going to happen.
I would never make fun of you.
I'd be willing to bet Tom will be late.
I'd like to relax and take it easy for a while.
I'd like you to take a look at this.
I'd like you to take another look at this.
I'd never borrow anything of yours without asking first.
I'd never do anything so dangerous.
I'd never do anything so stupid.
I'd never seen anything like that before.
I'd rather be with you than anyone else.
I'd say that narrows it down quite a bit.
I'd very much appreciate it if we could discuss it now.
I'll ask around and let you know if I find anything out.
I'll ask around and let you know what I find out.
I'll ask around and see if anyone can help us out with this.
I'll ask around and see if anyone I know has a room you can rent.
I'll ask around and see if anyone knows anything about what happened.
I'll ask around and see if anyone knows of a solution to this problem.
I'll ask around and see if I can find any other information.
I'll ask around and see if I can find out if anyone has ideas on how to solve the problem.
I'll ask around and see what people think.
I'll ask around and tell you if I find out anything.
I'll ask around at school and see if anybody would like to volunteer to help us.
I'll ask around for you.
I'll ask around to see if anyone has any suggestions.
I'll ask around to see if anyone knows what causes this kind of problem.
I'll ask around to see if anyone's seen or heard anything.
I'll be ready to go in a few minutes.
I'll be ready to go in five minutes.
I'll be there as quick as I can.
I'll do a quick check.
I'll do something else.
I'll do what has to be done.
I'll explain it later.
I'll go straight home.
I'll go to Boston later this year.
I'll go to the police with you.
I'll have all this stuff ready for you by 2:30.
I'll have Tom help you.
I'll have Tom mow your lawn.
I'll have Tom take out the trash.
I'll meet you in the baggage claims area.
I'll never forget what happened that night.
I'll play tennis with Tom later this afternoon.
I'll remember you for as long as I live.
I'll return your books as soon as possible.
I'll swim with Tom tomorrow.
I'll teach you French.
I'll teach you how to swim.
I'll tell Tom you dropped by.
I'm a little hesitant about going there by myself.
I'm a little hesitant to go there by myself.
I'm about to make a very important phone call.
I'm all worn out.
I'm almost certain that Tom can speak French.
I'm almost certain that Tom will ask Mary to the prom.
I'm almost certain that Tom will be at the meeting tomorrow.
I'm almost certain that Tom will do what we asked.
I'm almost certain that Tom will get into the university of his choice.
I'm almost certain that Tom will get into the university that he wants.
I'm almost certain that Tom will go swimming with us.
I'm almost certain that we can trust Tom.
I'm almost certain that we have enough money to buy what we need.
I'm almost certain that we have enough water.
I'm aware of the problem you're referring to.
I'm beginning to realize that you don't really like me as much as I like you.
I'm beginning to regret hiring Tom.
I'm beginning to regret making that suggestion.
I'm convinced Tom had nothing to do with that.
I'm convinced Tom had nothing to do with what happened.
I'm fed up with all of Tom's complaints.
I'm fed up with Tom's silly antics.
I'm glad the two of you agree with each other.
I'm glad the two of you are getting along with each other.
I'm glad the two of you are in agreement.
I'm glad the two of you aren't fighting anymore.
I'm glad the two of you could come to our party.
I'm glad to see you guys again.
I'm glad we hired you for this job.
I'm glad we reached an agreement.
I'm glad you are happy with your job.
I'm glad you decided to reconsider my offer.
I'm glad you enjoy working for us.
I'm happy nothing bad happened.
I'm happy to hear that your injuries aren't serious.
I'm impressed you've done so well.
I'm in the middle of a staff meeting.
I'm just not having any fun.
I'm just not hungry.
I'm no different than you are in that respect.
I'm not a doctor yet.
I'm not allowed to be here by myself after dark.
I'm not allowed to drive my father's car.
I'm not allowed to go to Tom's house.
I'm not as strong as I used to be.
I'm not certain Tom knows what to do.
I'm not certain Tom likes that.
I'm not certain Tom would agree with you.
I'm not going to give up.
I'm not going to go with you.
I'm not going to quit now.
I'm not going to sit here and listen to you complaining all day.
I'm not hungry yet.
I'm not impressed by your magic tricks.
I'm not interested in going to any museums today.
I'm not interested in that kind of movie.
I'm not interested in what Tom thinks.
I'm not letting Tom anywhere near my car.
I'm not letting Tom drive.
I'm not permitted to discuss that with you.
I'm not ready to do that.
I'm not ready to go home.
I'm not ready to retire yet.
I'm not saying you can't go. I'm just saying I think you shouldn't go.
I'm not saying you can't swim. I'm just saying I think you shouldn't swim today.
I'm not saying you have to do everything I do.
I'm not sure if this is really true or not.
I'm not sure what I'll do after I graduate.
I'm not sure what to do next.
I'm not sure what to do now.
I'm not sure what Tom's objective was.
I'm not sure what Tom's plan is.
I'm not sure when I'll get home.
I'm not sure where my hotel is.
I'm not sure where to park my car.
I'm not sure where Tom lives.
I'm not sure whether I'm doing this right.
I'm not sure whether Tom can speak French or not.
I'm not sure whether Tom can swim or not.
I'm not sure whether Tom has ever been to Boston or not.
I'm not sure who has my suitcases.
I'm not sure who wrote this report.
I'm not sure why it works, but it works.
I'm not sure why Tom is being blamed for the accident.
I'm not the only one here who can speak French.
I'm not the only one here who thinks so.
I'm not the only one here who thinks Tom isn't a nice guy.
I'm not the only one who doesn't know where Tom lives.
I'm not the only one who feels this way.
I'm not the only one who knows how to do this.
I'm not the only one who plans to go with you.
I'm not the only one who thinks Tom should be fired.
I'm not the only one who wants to go swimming.
I'm not the only one who wants to go.
I'm not tired yet.
I'm pretty sure I don't have enough money to buy this.
I'm pretty sure that this isn't a fake.
I'm pretty sure that Tom doesn't know French.
I'm pretty sure that Tom doesn't want to go to Boston with Mary.
I'm pretty sure that Tom has never been to Boston.
I'm pretty sure that Tom hasn't finished his homework yet.
I'm pretty sure that Tom is going to be late.
I'm pretty sure that Tom likes Mary.
I'm pretty sure Tom and Mary are having a party next week.
I'm pretty sure Tom and Mary don't know each other.
I'm pretty sure Tom and Mary have never visited Australia.
I'm pretty sure Tom doesn't enjoy watching baseball on TV.
I'm pretty sure Tom hasn't gone home yet.
I'm really glad I got to meet you.
I'm really glad we had this opportunity to talk.
I'm really glad you decided to come to our party instead of staying at home.
I'm so sick of this song.
I'm sorry for calling so late.
I'm sorry to disturb you so late at night.
I'm starting to feel hungry.
I'm starting to feel tired.
I'm sure I can do what you're asking.
I'm sure I can help.
I'm sure I can speak French well enough to get by.
I'm sure Tom has forgotten about me by now.
I'm sure Tom will be able to handle this job.
I'm sure Tom will be able to persuade Mary to go to Boston with him.
I'm teaching myself to juggle.
I'm teaching myself to play the guitar.
I'm teaching myself to tap dance.
I'm the guy who gave Tom that hat.
I'm the guy who has the tickets.
I'm the guy who knows where Tom hid the diamond.
I'm the one who painted this picture.
I'm the one who should be doing this.
I'm the one whose father was killed.
I'm the only one other than Tom who knows how to fix this.
I'm the only one other than Tom who thinks Mary isn't ugly.
I'm the only one who knows what the problem is.
I'm the only one who knows where Tom hid the gold coins.
I'm the only one who knows where Tom is.
I'm the only person who knows where Tom is.
I'm tired of all your complaining.
I'm tired of watching TV. Let's do something else.
I'm willing to accept responsibility for what happened.
I'm willing to quit if you want me to.
I'm willing to work on Sunday if you need me to.
I've already explained it to Tom once.
I've already explained this to you many times before.
I've always considered Tom a close friend.
I've asked around and everybody says that we shouldn't trust you.
I've asked you here to discuss a mutual problem.
I've been told that Tom can't speak French.
I've been told that you can't be trusted.
I've decided not to go to Boston.
I've decided not to live in Boston.
I've decided not to study French anymore.
I've decided not to swim this afternoon.
I've decided to join the National Guard.
I've decided to quit my job and take a trip around the world.
I've explained the problem to Tom.
I've explained the situation to Tom.
I've finished entering the data.
I've had a high fever for three days.
I've had a tough afternoon.
I've had a tough day.
I've had a tough week.
I've had a tough year.
I've had enough of your lip for one day.
I've heard Mary is really cute.
I've heard nothing but good things about Tom.
I've heard that carrots are good for your eyes.
I've heard that name somewhere before.
I've heard that you can't alter your destiny.
I've heard there's no statute of limitations on murder.
I've heard Tom is really good at speaking French.
I've known your father since before you were born.
I've narrowed it down to three different possibilities.
I've narrowed it down to three options.
I've narrowed the choices to four.
I've narrowed the list of possibilities down to three.
I've never been on my own before.
I've never done this kind of thing before.
I've never eaten rabbit meat.
I've never felt closer to you in my entire life than I do right now.
I've never worked this hard before.
If I had wanted your help, I would have asked for it.
If I have time, I'll drop by.
If I'd wanted your help, I'd have asked for it.
If someone's in trouble, you should help them.
If Tom breaks his promise, he'll regret it.
If Tom breaks up with Mary, he'll regret it.
If Tom could've spoken French, he'd have had more fun.
If Tom didn't want to be here, he wouldn't have come.
If Tom doesn't do what he's supposed to do, he'll regret it.
If Tom doesn't do what he's supposed to do, please let me know.
If Tom doesn't do what we've asked him to do, he'll regret it.
If Tom doesn't go camping, I won't either.
If Tom doesn't go, I won't either.
If Tom doesn't go, I won't go either.
If Tom doesn't swim, I won't either.
If Tom doesn't want to do his homework now, he doesn't have to.
If Tom doesn't want to go, he doesn't have to.
If Tom doesn't want to help, he doesn't have to.
If Tom goes swimming, so will I.
If Tom goes to Boston, so will I.
If Tom goes, I will, too.
If Tom goes, I'll go, too.
If Tom had a lot of money, he wouldn't have to worry about this.
If Tom had a lot of money, he'd buy that for you.
If Tom had a lot of money, he'd probably buy himself an expensive car.
If Tom had been able to speak French better, he would've been able to tell everybody how he really felt.
If Tom had understood French, he would've known what was going on.
If Tom hadn't eaten the mushrooms he found in the woods, he'd be alive now.
If Tom is going to be there, I won't go.
If Tom is going to the zoo with you, I'll go, too.
If Tom isn't going to go, I won't either.
If Tom joins your team, I will, too.
If Tom starts laughing, I probably will, too.
If Tom swims, I will, too.
If Tom told you he liked you, what would you do?
If Tom were here, he could help you.
If Tom were here, he'd know what to do.
If Tom were here, I wouldn't have to feed the dog.
If Tom were here, I wouldn't have to stay and take care of the children.
If Tom were here, we'd be having more fun.
If we don't hurry, we'll miss our train.
If we're lucky, we'll double our money.
If you don't know how to swim, you should learn.
If you don't remind me, I'll probably forget.
If you don't yet know how to swim, you should learn.
If you have a question, please raise your hand.
If you want me to, I'll make you lunch every day.
If you're not careful with that knife, you might cut yourself.
If you're not careful, you might hurt yourself.
Is it true that Tom can't drive?
Is it true that Tom can't see out of his left eye?
Is it true that Tom can't speak French?
Is it true that Tom can't swim?
Is it true that Tom doesn't like to swim?
Is it true that Tom has never been to Boston?
Is it true that Tom has three dogs at home?
Is it true that Tom lived in Boston for three years?
Is it true that Tom used to live in Boston?
Is it true that Tom wants to live in Boston?
Is it true that Tom wants to paint his house green?
Is it true that Tom will go to Australia next year?
Is it true that Tom witnessed a murder?
Is it true that Tom won't come to our party?
Is lunch ready?
Is that specific enough for you?
Is there a park near your house?
Is there a supermarket near your house?
Is there a swimming pool near your house?
Is there something out there?
Is there something we can do for you?
Is Tom a licensed therapist?
Is Tom able to drive a truck?
Is Tom able to drive?
Is Tom able to speak French?
Is Tom able to swim?
Is Tom cleaning his room now?
Is Tom going to eat with us?
Is Tom going to go skating tomorrow?
Is Tom going to go with us tomorrow?
Is Tom going to swim tomorrow?
Is Tom in Boston now?
Is Tom learning French?
Is Tom sleeping?
Is Tom still eating?
Is Tom still happy?
Is Tom still hungry?
Is Tom still in Boston?
Is Tom still studying French?
Is Tom still swimming?
Is Tom still taking a shower?
Is Tom still too busy to see me?
Is Tom still working in Boston?
Is Tom swimming?
Isn't that what I just said?
Isn't that what you just said?
It could be a coincidence.
It could be just a coincidence.
It doesn't look like you're having much fun.
It doesn't seem like Tom will go any time soon.
It feels like I've known you forever.
It isn't just about money.
It just got weirder.
It just has to be done.
It just isn't fair.
It just isn't the same.
It just made sense.
It just takes practice.
It just wasn't appropriate.
It just wasn't enough.
It just wasn't what we expected.
It just wasn't what we thought.
It just wouldn't be right not to go to Tom's graduation ceremony.
It just wouldn't be right.
It looks like Tom has come back.
It looks like we're all here.
It seems like you've gotten better at French.
It sounded like a dream job.
It sounds like a good idea.
It was a real pleasure to work with Tom.
It was all just a misunderstanding.
It was definitely Tom's fault.
It was just a feeling.
It was just a fight.
It was just a guess.
It was just a hunch.
It was just a kiss.
It was just a rumor.
It was just a thought.
It was just a wish.
It was just an accident.
It was just an idea.
It was just an observation.
It was just for fun.
It was just water.
It was just what Tom wanted.
It was like something out of a nightmare.
It was really a lot of fun.
It wasn't just luck.
It wasn't just me.
It wasn't just that.
It wasn't long before Tom was able to swim well.
It would be good for Tom to get a little more exercise.
It would be good if Tom did a little more exercise.
It would just be a guess.
It'll just be a minute.
It'll just be a moment.
It'll just be a second.
It'll just be you and me.
It'll just take a minute.
It'll just take a moment.
It'll just take some time.
It's all gotten out of control.
It's been a long time since I've been to Boston.
It's been a long time since I've eaten Chinese food.
It's been a long time since I've gone swimming.
It's been a long time since I've seen Tom that angry.
It's been a long time since I've seen Tom this happy.
It's getting hot.
It's getting out of control.
It's just a baby.
It's just a beer.
It's just a cat.
It's just a cut.
It's just a fad.
It's just a feeling.
It's just a guess.
It's just a headache.
It's just a hobby.
It's just a job, you know?
It's just a precaution.
It's just a scratch, OK?
It's just a suggestion.
It's just an idea.
It's just been awful.
It's just going to take a while.
It's just going to take time.
It's just my luggage.
It's just not enough.
It's just not going to happen.
It's just not possible for me to do this by myself.
It's just not possible.
It's just not right to fire Tom without giving him severance pay.
It's just not right.
It's just not safe to cross this bridge right now.
It's just not safe.
It's just not that easy to get Tom to do his homework.
It's just not that easy.
It's just not what we do.
It's just so creepy.
It's just so early.
It's just so exciting.
It's just so frustrating to try to do this with my arm in a cast.
It's just so frustrating.
It's just so hard.
It's just so pretty.
It's just so sad.
It's just so unexpected.
It's just that simple.
It's just up ahead.
It's just what happens.
It's just you and me.
It's my fault that you were fired.
It's nice to have someone to talk to about my problems.
It's nice to have someone to talk to.
It's not just a guess.
It's not just a pen.
It's not worth the risk.
It's time for us to get going.
It's time for you to get to work.
It's time for you to renew your domain name.
It's time for you to start getting ready for school.
It's time for you to wake up.
It's time to take out the garbage.
It's unusual for Tom to be here so early.
It's your turn to take out the garbage.
It's your turn to vacuum the house.
It's your turn to wash the dishes.
Just get on with it.
Just get out of the way, will you?
Just make yourself at home.
Just out of curiosity, what are you going to do?
Just out of curiosity, what did you think would happen?
Just out of curiosity, what would you do?
Just who are you anyway?
Leave it up to me. I'll take care of everything.
Let's all go together.
Let's celebrate the anniversary of our first date.
Let's celebrate the anniversary of our first kiss.
Let's explore the possibilities.
Let's get out of these uniforms.
Let's get rid of all this stuff.
Let's get Tom out of the water.
Let's go somewhere nice for our wedding anniversary.
Let's go somewhere nice.
Let's go the other way.
Let's go to the mall tonight.
Let's go to Tom's place.
Let's just get on with it, OK?
Let's just get Tom out of here.
Let's not get into that, please.
Let's schedule a meeting sometime early next week.
Let's schedule a meeting.
Let's sing together.
Let's sing.
Let's split the bill three ways.
Look into that, would you?
Lots of girls like Tom.
Many parents think elementary school children should be in bed by 8:30.
Many parents think it's important for their children to learn how to speak French.
Many parents think it's important for their children to learn how to swim.
Many women in the world shave their armpits.
Mary and Alice aren't sisters.
Mary asked me to pretend to be her boyfriend.
Mary carries pepper spray in her purse.
Mary checked herself in the mirror.
Mary counted the remaining money in her bag.
Mary had a black scarf around her neck.
Mary is a remarkable girl.
Mary is a remarkable woman.
Mary is in the other room trying on her wedding dress.
Mary noticed that Tom hadn't shaved in several days.
Mary opened her purse and looked around in it.
Mary pulled an envelope out of her purse and handed it to Tom.
Mary pulled her wallet out of her purse.
Mary put her purse on the kitchen table.
Mary reached for her purse.
Mary reached in her purse and pulled out her checkbook.
Mary reached inside her purse and pulled out her license.
Mary reached into her purse and took out a photo.
Mary sat down and opened her shoulder bag.
Mary showed all her friends her engagement ring.
Mary showed Tom her wedding ring.
Mary took a little mirror out of her purse and checked her hair and make-up.
Mary took a mirror out of her bag and handed it to Tom.
Mary took her phone out of her purse and took a picture.
Mary was a nurse for nearly thirty years.
Mary was wearing a cheerleader's uniform.
Mary's baby is less than a month old.
Maybe it just isn't funny.
Maybe it was just a nightmare.
Maybe Tom is just lucky.
Maybe Tom just got nervous.
Maybe Tom will just go away.
Maybe you should ask around and see what other people think.
Maybe you should do what Tom asked you to do.
Mine is totally different.
Most of the adults there were swimming with their children.
My car needs a brake job.
My computer cost a lot of money.
My doctor told me that I should swim at least three times a week.
My father taught me how to swim.
My grandfather says he's too old to swim.
My house isn't so far from here.
My life is different now.
My teacher asked me to rewrite my essay.
No matter what anyone says, I plan to go.
No matter what anyone says, I won't go.
No one but you could have done it this well.
No one heard Tom's screams for help.
Nobody swims in this pool after 8:p.m.
Not everyone here can speak French.
Not everyone in town likes Tom.
Nothing else remains to be done.
Now just do it.
On the table, there was a plate with three fried eggs on it.
One of the toughest things in the world to do is forgive.
Our teacher got mad at Tom because he was acting up in class.
People around here don't have many opportunities to swim.
People don't usually swim around here. The water's not too clean.
Perhaps you should try doing one thing at a time.
Please buy this for me.
Please don't feed the pigeons.
Please don't tell anybody else.
Please just do everything I do.
Please just get here.
Please just take it.
Please put your stuff in the closet.
Please read the instructions carefully.
Please return to your seats.
Please take off your hats.
Please tell Tom I'm sorry.
Please try your best to avoid accidents.
Please try your best to get along with everybody else.
Please try your best to get here on time.
Please try your best to not be late.
Quit teasing me.
Remember that Tom might be sleeping now.
Remember to turn off the lights.
Should I have not done that?
Should I have not said anything?
Since Tom had a little free time, he decided to go swimming.
Since Tom had a little free time, he took a nap.
Since Tom was sick, he couldn't go swimming.
Since Tom was sick, he didn't go to school.
Since Tom was sick, he went to the hospital.
So much has happened since that last time I saw you.
Some food is pretty bland without salt.
Some people believe they can rewrite history.
Some people don't eat meat.
Some people don't like dogs.
Some people don't like swimming at all.
Some people were sunbathing, others were swimming.
Someone should do something about this.
Something really weird is happening here.
Something's definitely not right here.
Something's definitely out there.
Something's definitely wrong.
Sometimes when people are uncomfortable they smile.
Stay out of here.
Stay out of Tom's room.
Step into my office.
Step out of the car, please.
Stop acting like you care.
Stop acting like you understand me.
Stop being so stubborn.
Swimming is a lot of fun.
Swimming isn't allowed here.
Take it or leave it.
Tell me what I should be doing.
Tell me what you're planning on doing.
Tell me when I should be there.
Tell me where I should put my suitcases.
Tell me where you're going.
Tell me why you weren't here yesterday.
Thanks for spending so much time helping us.
Thanks for the cup of coffee.
That man over there asked me who I was.
That might be difficult to do.
That might be difficult to explain.
That was a beautiful speech.
That was a horrible thing to say about Tom.
That was a horrible thing to say to Tom.
That was a really scary story.
That was all just a lie.
That was just a dream.
That was just a joke.
That was just wonderful.
That was taken out of context.
That's a possible explanation.
That's a really weird shade of red for a car.
That's exactly what I did.
That's exactly what I was thinking.
That's exactly what I would do.
That's just a rumor.
That's just as bad.
That's just not acceptable.
That's just not right.
That's just so sad.
That's just the point.
That's just what we wanted.
That's utter nonsense.
That's what I think, too.
The baby is in his crib, sucking on his pacifier.
The bartender greeted Tom by name.
The best day of my life was the day I met Mary.
The carpet clashes with the drapes.
The children gathered around where Tom was seated and watched him play his guitar.
The children were playing in the driveway.
The delay was unavoidable.
The doctor said he wants you to get more exercise.
The doctor said he wants you to quit drinking.
The doctor said he wants you to quit smoking.
The doctor said he wants you to rest.
The doctor who treated Tom should be sued for malpractice.
The dog will need to be fed once a day.
The first thing Tom does every day when he gets home is turn on the TV.
The flight attendant accidentally spilled some hot coffee on Tom.
The flight attendant apologized for spilling hot coffee on Tom.
The fun is just getting started.
The hotel where I'm staying doesn't have a parking lot.
The job is as good as finished.
The last thing Tom does every night before going to sleep is set his alarm clock.
The last time I saw Tom, he was on a stretcher.
The last time we met, Tom called me a liar.
The librarian told Tom and Mary to be quiet.
The most amazing thing happened this afternoon.
The movie I saw yesterday afternoon was quite good.
The patrol car skidded to a stop.
The police arrested the person they think killed Tom.
The police believe the victim knew his killer.
The police car skidded to a stop.
The police officer asked me what my name was.
The police promised to investigate the matter.
The policeman escorted Tom out of the room.
The prices here are a bit high.
The prices here are quite reasonable.
The prices here are very reasonable.
I assume that Tom can speak French.
I do not want to make a mistake.
It's hard for me to express ideas through words.
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes!
I am so blessed!
The text is deemed as fluent in the target language.
We accomplished everything we wanted to.
We agreed it would be a small ceremony.
We all have responsibilities.
We all have to go sometime.
We all knew what the risks were when we volunteered.
We all know how dangerous that can be.
We all know what Tom meant.
We all like to be appreciated.
We all regret what happened.
We all should be so lucky.
We appreciate the advice.
We appreciate the support.
We appreciate the warning.
We appreciate you coming.
We appreciate your assistance.
We appreciate your coming.
We appreciate your cooperation in this.
We appreciate your promptness.
We appreciate your time.
We asked you not to do that.
We assumed you were dead.
We both do that.
We both know you don't belong here.
We both know you don't live where you say you do.
We both know you don't swim very well.
We can all breathe a little easier now.
We can always still talk to each other on the phone.
We can be there in an hour.
We can be there in fifteen minutes.
We can be there.
We can both do it.
We can discuss this later.
We can do anything.
We can do better.
We can do it ourselves.
We can do more than they can.
We can do nothing for Tom.
We can do nothing.
We can do that later.
We can do this together.
We can do this without Tom's help.
We can do whatever we please.
We can do whatever we want.
We can go anywhere we like.
We can go somewhere else if you want.
We can go together if you wish.
We can go together.
We can paint your room any color you want.
We can protect you.
We can survive anything.
We can't afford this.
We can't trust them now.
We captured some of the terrorists.
We consulted plenty of people.
We could all go together.
We could do it today.
We could do it together.
We could do that.
We could do this.
We could do worse.
We could go eat together.
We could freeze to death.
We could go kayaking next weekend.
We could go there now.
We could sing together.
We definitely need more help.
We definitely need to hire more people.
We deserve this opportunity, Tom.
We deserve to have some fun.
We did what we had to to survive.
We discussed it plenty of times.
We do need you.
We do our best.
We do this every night.
We do what we have to.
We do what we want.
We dodged a bullet.
We don't have to prove anything to Tom.
We don't know who he is.
We don't know who the attacker was.
We don't know who's responsible.
We don't need to go any further.
We don't sell what you want.
We don't sell what you're looking for.
We expect Tom to return home soon.
We got divorced three years ago.
We had a couple glasses of wine.
We had an argument this morning.
We had an awesome time at the zoo.
We had some uninvited guests last night.
We had to remove your spleen.
We hardly know each other.
We have a bit of a situation here.
We have a complication here.
We have a couple of hours before our flight.
We have a medical emergency.
We have a mutual friend.
We have a schedule to keep.
We have a score to settle.
We have a security breach.
We have all the evidence against you we need.
We have all the evidence we need.
We have almost the same climate here as they do in Boston.
We have already reached an agreement.
We have an important job to do here.
We have ants in the kitchen. We need to call an exterminator.
We have captured one of their spies.
We have different goals.
We have different opinions.
We have different strengths.
We have different views.
We have new evidence to prove Tom's innocence.
We have no chance of winning.
We have no choice but to risk it.
We have no comment at this time.
We have no quarrel with you.
We have other places we need to go.
We have other things we should be doing.
We have people who do that for us.
We have permission to be here.
We have precious little time.
We have some celebrating to do.
We have some disturbing news.
We have some encouraging news.
We have something pressing to discuss.
We have staff meetings on Monday.
We have three hours to decide whether we're going to accept their offer.
We have to do something about that.
We have to do something and we have to do it now.
We have to do something and we need to do it right away.
We have to do something with it.
We have to do that.
We have to do this again tomorrow.
We have to do this on our own.
We have to do this together.
We have to find Tom's hiding place.
We have to get out of here right away.
We have to go on.
We have to go somewhere else.
We have to go somewhere.
We have to trust them.
We have to warn Tom.
We have very strict guidelines here.
We haven't been able to find anyone to replace Tom.
We hope you'll cooperate.
We intend to destroy it.
We knew that might happen.
We know each other so well that we can almost read each other's minds.
We know everything about you.
We know the identity of Tom's killer.
We know what to do next.
We know who you really are.
We learned about that from reliable sources.
We leave tomorrow morning.
We may not be able to solve all our problems, but we should be able to solve some of them.
We might be here all night.
We might never have this opportunity again.
You might not be so lucky next time.
We might regret this.
We missed you at the meeting yesterday.
We must alter our plan.
We must assume the worst.
We must change our plan.
We must concentrate on that.
We must consider all options.
We must destroy it.
We must do as they say, Tom.
We must do as they say.
We must do something for Tom.
We must do something, Tom.
We must do this again soon.
We must escape from this place.
We must go back.
We must go now.
We must maintain a constant vigil.
We must remain here.
We must repair the damage.
We must respect Tom's decision.
We must trust each other, Tom.
We must warn Tom.
We need a really tough guy.
We need accurate information.
We need all the information we can get.
We need all the practice we can get.
We need emergency assistance.
We need medical supplies.
We need to clarify a few details.
We need to conserve ammo.
We need to conserve ammunition.
We need to conserve our strength.
We need to conserve water.
We need to do something.
We need to do this quickly.
We need to do this right.
We need to do what we can.
We need to go to the bank.
We need to hire people we can trust.
We need to know what to do next.
We need to replace the whole unit.
We need to start emergency procedures.
We need to warn Tom.
We need Tom's strength now.
We need you to do your job.
We never do that.
We never meant to harm you.
We never seem to be able to agree on anything.
We never seem to be able to compromise on anything.
We never seem to be able to get along with each other.
We never would have allowed it.
We never would have allowed Tom to do that.
We never would have allowed Tom to go there by himself.
We now have something to celebrate.
We owe three years worth of taxes.
We owe Tom a debt of gratitude.
We owe you a debt of gratitude.
We owe you an apology.
We owe you nothing.
We owe you our lives.
We owed him that.
We plan to leave as soon as Tom gets here.
We pray for the souls of our brothers and sisters.
We realize now that Tom knew exactly who Mary was.
We realize now that Tom never really liked Mary.
We really appreciate it.
We really do need to talk.
We received an anonymous tip.
We regret to inform you that your paper has not been accepted.
We remained very much in love.
We rented a movie.
We returned the money.
We risk losing control of the situation if we don't act quickly.
We should all be afraid.
We should all go on a diet together.
We should all go to bed.
We should all have dinner.
We should ask Tom.
We should be dead by now.
We should be friends.
We should be helping.
We should be home soon.
We should be partners.
We should be prepared for that contingency.
We should be there in about thirty minutes.
We should be there.
We should be through soon.
We should be together.
We should be with Tom.
We should both go.
We should discuss that.
We should discuss this later.
We should do it.
We should do more stuff together.
We should do something together next weekend.
We should do this every Monday.
We should do this once a week.
We should do what we always do.
We should get together every couple of months.
We should go out sometime.
We should hire a lawyer.
We should hire Tom a lawyer.
We should hire Tom.
We should never have stayed.
We should organize a party.
We should probably do something about that.
We should probably do something.
We should probably go.
We shouldn't be here.
We sincerely apologize for our error.
We stared at each other for quite a while.
We started celebrating as soon as Tom showed up.
We swam for a few hours.
We swam until it got dark.
We totally forgot about lunch.
We urged Tom to go.
We urged Tom to study harder.
We want to know who hacked into our system.
We want you to go to Boston next week.
We went to the beach and swam all day.
We were all quite fond of Tom.
We were all rooting for Tom.
We were all so proud of you.
We were both proud of you.
We were confused as well.
We were delayed in Boston.
We were just leaving.
We were like brothers.
We were never ashamed of you.
We were probably in junior high the last time we went there together.
We were proud of Tom.
We were surprised by Tom's decision.
We were unable to rescue Tom.
We will respect your wishes.
We won't know whether we can do it or not unless we try.
We'd be happy to accommodate you.
We'd better do as Tom says.
We'd better do something.
We'd better humor Tom.
We'd better warn the others.
We'd both really appreciate it.
We'd both really like to go to your party.
We'd never do anything to hurt you.
We'll all go together.
We'll always do whatever you say.
We'll be back as soon as possible.
We'll be ready for them.
We'll be ready whenever you need us.
We'll be there in plenty of time.
We'll continue this discussion later.
We'll do all we can.
We'll do as you say.
We'll do better tomorrow.
We'll do it ourselves.
We'll do more tests tomorrow.
We'll do the best we can.
We'll do the rest.
We'll do this later.
We'll do this together.
We'll do what we can.
We'll eat dinner as soon as Tom gets home.
We'll go in a minute.
We'll go this afternoon.
We'll go with you.
We'll have plenty of time.
We'll have plenty to do.
We'll have the element of surprise on our side.
We'll have to do it even if we don't want to.
We'll have to do something about that.
We'll have to do this quickly.
We'll have to risk it.
We'll just go now.
We'll just have to wait.
We'll pray for you.
We'll probably all be dead soon.
We'll probably be a bit tired after the hike.
We'll probably be the first ones there.
We'll probably be the first ones to leave.
We'll probably go to Boston next week.
We'll probably have to go home early.
We'll probably have to help Tom tomorrow.
We'll probably never be in Boston at the same time Tom is.
We'll probably never know what really happened.
We'll probably never know why Tom killed himself.
We'll provide you with anything you need.
We'll provide you with anything you want.
We'll remain here for the night.
We'll should wait and see what Tom thinks before we make a decision.
We'll start an investigation immediately.
We'll straighten everything out.
We'll take that into consideration.
We're a little pressed for time.
We're a week ahead of schedule.
We're about to go out for something to eat.
We're about to go swimming.
We're all a bit a scared.
We're all a little scared, to be honest.
We're all adults here.
We're all in agreement about that.
We're all praying for Tom's recovery.
We're all prisoners here.
We're all pros here.
We're all proud of you.
We're all quite fond of Tom.
We're all so proud of you.
We're all very proud of Tom.
We're attempting a rescue operation.
We're attempting to correct the problem.
We're aware of that.
We're aware of the problem.
We're aware of the risks.
We're aware of the situation.
We're behind schedule now.
We're both reasonable people.
We're celebrating Tom's birthday.
We're competitors, not partners.
We're grateful for your assistance.
We're grateful for your help.
We're guests here.
We're having difficulty finding someone who'll lend us the money we need.
We're having difficulty finding Tom.
We're having difficulty locating Tom.
We're here to assist you.
We're here to help you.
We're here to support you, Tom.
We're in a bit of a hurry now.
We're in the same group, right?
We're just finishing up.
We're lucky to be alive.
We're not accusing you of anything.
We're not allowed to do that anymore.
We're not allowed to do that.
We're not allowed to go there.
We're not as dumb as you think.
We're not entirely sure what happened.
We're not entirely sure what the problem is.
We're not entirely sure why Tom did what he did.
We're not entirely sure.
We're not kids anymore, are we?
We're not ready to do that.
We're not ready to go yet.
We're not so different after all.
We're not terrorists.
We're preparing to do so.
We're proceeding according to plan.
We're proceeding on schedule.
We're proud of you.
We're quite fond of Tom.
We're really glad you decided to help us.
We're really understaffed tonight.
We're scheduled to leave tomorrow.
We're searching for a solution to the problem.
We're so glad you could come.
We're so proud of you.
We're still waiting for the wedding cake to be delivered.
We're surrounded by police.
We're very disappointed in you.
We're wasting our time.
We're wasting precious time.
We've accomplished everything we set out to do.
We've allowed for that possibility.
We've allowed for that.
We've already eliminated half the possibilities.
We've already hired a lawyer.
We've become quite fond of one another.
We've decided to remove Tom from life support.
We've discussed this many times already.
We've dodged another bullet.
We've got to get out of here.
We've gotten some complaints about Tom's behavior.
We've gotten some complaints from some parents.
We've had a complaint against you, Tom.
We've had some bitter winters.
We've had some remarkable results.
We've had some very cold winters.
We've had this discussion already.
We've had this discussion before.
We've isolated the problem.
We've known each other a long time.
We've received thirteen complaints so far this week.
The text represents the thoughts and the feelings of the author.
Translators don't receive copyright fees for their works.
Translations of texts from English are more frequent than translations towards English.
The typical elements of a foreign culture are kept in the translated text.
The typical elements of a foreign culture are changed into the typical elements of the local culture of translators.
I think I drank a bit too much.
The translator identifies himself with the author's beliefs.
The bird fell and died.
My town has a castle.
Wait just a minute.
Wait just a second.
Wait up.
Wait. What did you just say?
Was that just my imagination?
Watch out for the pedestrians.
Were you the one who made the coffee this morning?
Were you waiting just for me?
What a hassle!
What are they doing out here?
What are they doing out there?
What are you doing out of bed?
What are you doing out of jail?
What are you doing out so late?
What are you doing out there?
What are you getting angry for?
What are you laughing about?
What are you smiling about?
What did Tom go outside for?
What did Tom just say?
What did we just do?
What did you just do?
What did you just say to me?
What did you two get into a fight about?
What do you guys want?
What do you say we go out tonight?
What do you suppose Tom is doing?
What do you think I should buy?
What do you think I should do?
What do you think Tom was doing out in the woods that day?
What do you think will happen?
What do you think's out there?
What does this remind you of?
What exactly are we looking for?
What exactly do you remember about the accident?
What kind of books do you read?
What kind of games do you create?
What kind of games do you like to play?
What kind of music do you like?
What made you go into the basement?
What makes you think Tom will listen to you?
What should we do about this situation?
What should we do?
What time does the post office close?
What time does your first class start?
What was Boston like?
What was that you just did?
What was that you just said?
What was Tom doing out there?
What were you doing in my room?
What were you doing out here?
What were you just doing?
What were you just thinking?
What would you do with millions of dollars?
What're you two doing?
What's gotten into you anyway?
What's gotten into you lately?
What's that made out of anyway?
What's this book about?
What's Tom doing out of jail?
What's wrong with me worrying about you?
What's wrong with the way I did that?
What's your most prized possession?
When are you getting out of prison?
When did you get out of jail?
When did you get out of the hospital?
When did you graduate from college?
When did you graduate?
When does the concert begin?
When I was young, I used to go swimming in a nearby creek.
When Tom got home, there was an envelope taped to his front door.
When will breakfast be ready?
When will dinner be ready?
When will lunch be ready?
Where did you get that much money?
Where do you think I should go?
Who cares about what other people think?
Who do you think I should ask?
Who do you think'll be at the party?
Who does Tom remind you of?
Who's that guy leaning against your car?
Who's Tom arguing with?
Who's your favorite cartoon character?
Who's your guidance counselor?
Who's your primary physician?
Why are you acting like my mother?
Why are you at the top of the list?
Why are you guys here?
Why did you just say that?
Why did you shave off your beard?
Why did you suddenly leave yesterday afternoon?
Why didn't you just do what we asked?
Why didn't you just say no?
Why didn't you just say so?
Why didn't you just say that before?
Why didn't you just say that to Tom?
Why didn't you just say that?
Why didn't you just stay home?
Why didn't you just take the money?
Why do you want to go home early?
Why do you want to go to Boston?
Why do you want to leave?
Why don't we get out of here?
Why don't we go out to eat?
Why don't we go outside?
Why don't we go swimming?
Why don't we just be on our way?
Why don't you get into the pool?
Why don't you get into the water?
Why don't you just do it anyway?
Why not just quit?
Why not just stay?
Why should we do what Tom says we should do?
Why should we do what you ask?
Why should we trust you?
Will you do that for me?
Would you buy this for me?
Would you just get on with it?
Would you just listen?
Would you like me to ask around for you?
Would you mind helping me?
Would you mind if I went out with your sister?
Would you mind telling me what you're doing?
Would you mind telling me what you're waiting for?
Would you mind telling me where you're going?
Would you mind telling me who you're waiting for?
Would you mind telling me why you're here?
Would you really do that for me?
I'm not a fangirl.
When did you graduate at Oxford?
I'm not a fanboy.
I love both of my sons.
How drunk were you last night?
Yesterday, Tom told me he couldn't speak French.
Yesterday, Tom told me he didn't know how to swim.
Yesterday, Tom told me he didn't know Mary.
Yesterday, Tom told me that he'd never been to Boston.
You aren't allowed to swim in this pool until after 7:a.m.
You aren't in any danger.
You aren't like the other kids.
You aren't like the others.
You asked us to trust you.
You can ask Tom yourself.
You can believe what you want.
You can do anything you want.
You can do that later.
You can drink anything you want.
You can drink whatever you want.
You can eat whatever you want.
You can go back.
You can go first.
You can have anything in this room.
You can have anything you want.
You can have half of my sandwich.
You can have some if you want.
You can have some more if you want.
You can have someone do it for you.
You can have the seat by the window if you want.
You can have whatever you want.
You can have your old job back.
You can hide in here until the police leave.
You can meet Tom there.
You can meet Tom tonight.
You can name your price.
You can never go back.
You can never tell.
You can never win.
You can no longer hurt me.
You can say whatever you like.
You can smell the ocean from here.
You can start anytime.
You can trust all of us.
You can trust me.
You can trust Tom.
You can trust us.
You can understand French, right?
You can understand that, right?
You can't do this to Tom.
You can't possibly really believe that.
You can't possibly really think Tom is a doctor.
You can't possibly really think Tom is Canadian.
You can't possibly really think Tom is happy.
You certainly fooled me.
You certainly fooled Tom.
You complain a lot, don't you?
You completely manipulated Tom.
You could do that by phone.
You could do that without anyone's help, I think.
You could do that.
You could do this.
You could go bowling with Tom if you want.
You could go home.
You could have trusted me.
You could never do that.
You could try doing what Tom did.
You could've seriously hurt yourself yesterday.
You could've warned me.
You danced wonderfully tonight.
You deserve a reward for this.
You deserve better than that.
You deserve so much more than this.
You deserve the best.
You deserved everything you got.
You did a splendid job.
You do a good job.
You do a nice job.
You do have a choice.
You do have a point.
You do know how to do that, don't you?
You do seem a little on edge.
You do seem a little tense.
You do seem different.
You do that all the time, you know.
You do that so much better than I can.
You do that very well.
You do understand the danger, don't you?
You do what you have to do, and I'll do what I have to do.
You do your thing, I'll do mine.
You don't deserve to wear that uniform.
You don't entirely trust us, do you?
You don't have any real friends, do you?
You don't have to do that right now.
You don't have to do this if you don't want to.
You don't have to eat this if you don't want to.
You don't know what you are doing, do you?
You don't know where Tom works, do you?
You don't know where Tom's home is, do you?
You don't need to do anything you don't want to.
You don't need to worry about me.
You don't need to worry.
You don't really trust us, do you?
You don't really understand, do you?
You don't seem to appreciate what we've done for you.
You dye your hair, don't you?
You forgot to mention that.
You forgot to warn us not to drink the water.
You go first next time.
You got into a fight with Tom, didn't you?
You guys are like family.
You guys are really good friends, aren't you?
You guys go and have a good time.
You guys go and have fun.
You guys should really be wearing gloves.
You guys should really be wearing helmets.
You guys should really be wearing safety glasses.
You guys should really be wearing swimsuits.
You guys would do that for me, wouldn't you?
You had a week to do this.
You had a week to finish this.
You had a week to get this done.
You had no choice but to do what Tom told you to do.
You had something to do with this, didn't you?
You handled that matter well.
You handled that particular problem very well.
You handled that particular situation very well.
You handled that problem quite well.
You handled that situation quite well.
You handled the situation well.
You have a brother, don't you?
You have a decision to make.
You have a difficult schedule to keep.
You have a lovely daughter.
You have a staff meeting at 2:30.
You have a tendency to not pay attention.
You have a very impressive resume.
You have absolutely no idea how hard it was to convince Tom to help us.
You have absolutely no idea how to do this, do you?
You have absolutely no idea what we had to do.
You have an assistant, right?
You have betrayed us.
You've exceeded your authority.
You have gorgeous eyes.
You have ice cream on your face.
You have my permission to leave.
You have my permission to try.
You have my undivided attention.
You have no clue what you are doing, do you?
You have no idea how uncomfortable these shoes are.
You have no idea what might happen, do you?
You have no idea where Tom plans to go to college, do you?
You have no idea where Tom works, do you?
You have no idea who that is, do you?
You have no obligation to help.
You have nothing to apologize for.
You have nothing to be jealous of.
You have nothing to hide, do you?
You have nothing whatever to be embarrassed about.
You have nothing whatever to feel guilty about.
You have nothing whatever to worry about.
You have our total support, Tom.
You have to be more specific than that.
You have to concentrate more.
You have to do it yourself.
You have to do your job.
You have to forgive yourself.
You have to go now.
You have to go on living.
You have to go on without me.
You have to go to the meeting.
You have to trust your instincts.
You implied that you knew what you were doing.
You implied that you were a doctor.
You insult my intelligence.
You kids must be hungry.
You kids must be tired.
You knew this might happen.
You know how to manipulate me.
You know how tough Tom can be.
You know they won't allow you to do that, right?
You know we owe Tom a lot.
You know what the situation is. What do you recommend we do?
You know what you must do, right?
You know what you should do, don't you?
You know you can trust me.
You like older women, don't you?
You like tennis, don't you?
You may eat as much as you want.
You may stay here as long as you want.
You may swim as long as you want.
You might be able to trade your truck for a tractor.
You might be interested in this.
You might be wrong.
You might've said something earlier.
You might need those.
You might not like what you find.
You might not like what you hear.
You might not like what you see.
You misinterpreted my actions.
You must allow us to finish.
You must be an extraordinary teacher.
You must be joking.
You must be punished for what you did.
You must be punished for what you've done.
You must be so proud of Tom.
You must be starving to death.
You must be tired of all Tom's complaining.
You must be very proud of Tom.
You must be very proud of your son.
You must be very worried about Tom.
You must be very worried about what's going on.
You must convince Tom to stop smoking.
You must do as Tom says.
You must do better than that.
You must go back.
You must go now.
You must go to Tom and beg his forgiveness.
You must go to work.
You must really be proud of yourself.
You must really like Tom.
You must return immediately.
You must teach me how to do it.
You must teach me how to do that.
You must trust in yourselves.
You must trust me.
You must trust us.
You need a car.
You need a nap.
You need a refresher course.
You need immediate medical attention.
You need somebody like me to take care of your kids.
You need somebody like me.
You need to do a better job.
You need to do better than that.
You need to do better.
You need to do something about the leaky faucet.
You need to do something about the situation.
You need to do something about Tom's behavior.
You need to double-click on the application's icon to open the application.
You need to go back and apologize to Tom.
You need to go back.
You need to go change into something more appropriate.
You need to go change.
You need to go home and be with your family.
You need to go home.
You need to go now.
You need to go to the hospital.
You need to go with Tom now.
You need to hire a lawyer.
You need to learn to trust people.
You need to loosen up a little.
You need to loosen up and have some fun.
You need to persuade Tom to confess.
You need to respect their privacy.
You need to respect Tom's privacy.
You never can tell what might happen.
You never cease to amaze me.
You never cease to impress me.
You never do anything around here to help.
You never do anything right, do you?
You never do anything right.
You never do anything wrong, do you?
You never know what might happen.
You never know when Tom might show up.
You never learn, do you?
You never mentioned that part.
You never mentioned Tom was here.
You never mentioned you were Tom's friend.
You never really know whether you can do it or not until you try.
You never really wanted to divorce Tom, did you?
You never trusted me.
You obviously have other things on your mind.
You obviously love Tom and he obviously loves you.
You of all people should appreciate that.
You of all people should understand how Tom feels.
You ought to be good at that.
You ought to know that.
You ought to prepare for the worst.
You owe nothing to any of us.
You owe Tom three hundred dollars.
You owe us more than that.
You owe us three hundred dollars.
You people do good work.
You probably already knew that.
You probably also know about what Tom did.
You probably do this all the time.
You probably have everything you need.
You probably know about what Tom did.
You probably need a drink.
You probably scared Tom off.
You probably want more money, don't you?
You promised not to do anything.
You realize how dangerous Tom is, don't you?
You realize what we have to do, don't you?
You really fooled Tom.
You really ought to study harder.
You really should be working, you know.
You really should do that yourself.
You really should stay.
You require medical attention.
You ruined everyone's fun.
You ruined my birthday party.
You said you knew someone who could get us that information.
You said you wanted to go.
You said you wanted to swim.
You scared me half to death.
You scored the highest in the class.
You seem like a nice girl.
You seem like a nice guy.
You seem like a nice kid.
You seem like such a nice girl.
You seem more busy than usual.
You seem perfect for the job.
You seem to be in a big hurry.
You seem to be in an awful hurry.
You seem to have a really good grasp on this.
You seem weirder than usual.
You should all be ashamed of yourselves.
You should ask Mary out.
You should ask somebody else.
You should ask Tom about all of this.
You should ask Tom for advice.
You should ask Tom to help.
You should ask Tom.
You should be a teacher.
You should be a writer.
You should be arrested.
You should be asleep.
You should be at home with your family.
You should be congratulated.
You should be feeling better soon.
You should be flattered.
You should be glad you didn't go with us last night. We didn't have much fun.
You should be good at that.
You should be having fun.
You should be home with your family.
You should be home.
You should be in a hospital.
You should be in bed.
You should be in your quarters.
You should be more patient.
You should be proud of me.
You should be proud.
You should be resting.
You should be scared.
You should be sleeping.
You should be thanking me.
You should be the one to go.
You should be there, too.
You should be there.
You should be very happy.
You should be very proud of Tom.
You should be with me.
You should be worried, too.
You should begin.
You should believe me.
You should do the same.
You should do whatever you think is right.
You should enjoy the moment.
You should feel bad for Tom.
You should feel flattered.
You should get out of the house and have some fun.
You should go home.
You should go in there.
You should go out and have some fun.
You should go to the FBI.
You should go to work.
You should go visit Tom in the hospital.
You should've fixed it right away.
You should have repaired it right away.
You should join our group.
You should know better than that.
You should know better than to ask that.
You should know better than to do that.
You should know by now that I can't speak French very well.
You should know by now that I don't really like you very much.
You should know by now that Tom isn't very good at singing.
You should leave, Tom.
You should let Tom decide for himself.
You should listen closely.
You should listen to Tom.
You should loosen up.
You should meet Tom.
You should probably go, Tom.
You should really be wearing a helmet.
You should remember that.
You should respect your elders.
You should treat people with more respect.
You should've stayed away.
You shouldn't be drinking.
You shouldn't be here.
You shouldn't have come.
You sing like an angel.
You smell like a dog.
You sure can run fast.
You sure run fast.
You totally freaked Tom out.
You trust me, right?
You two are very cute together.
You two should be ashamed of yourselves.
You two should get married.
You were awfully quiet.
You were both aware of the situation, right?
You were like a brother to me.
