May I go to the fountain?
May I go to the nurse?
I forgot the book.
At what time?
Tom will like me.
Good evening, Madam.
Good evening, Sir.
Good night, Miss.
My pleasure.
It is of the utmost importance.
It's debatable.
It's questionable.
Close your books.
He wants to pay off his loan.
He wants to pay off his debts.
He wants to pay back the money he owes.
You matter.
I'm the one who saved Tom.
It's as true as death.
He's still breathing.
She's still breathing.
My friend just sent me this picture of his little cousin.
Transaction has failed, please refer to the errors list for more information
Transaction has failed.
Transaction has failed, please refer to the errors list for more information.
What game is it?
Let's think about serious things.
She is a wonderful wife who gave me two beautiful children.
How dare you insult the prophetess Mary!
How dare you insult the prophet Mary!
I enjoy working out in the gym.
My brother still doesn't understand.
I'm just really happy.
I'm just really happy right now.
She's a fast thinker.
It's not a raven, a crow, nor a magpie. It's a rook.
It's not a crow, but a jackdaw.
I don't trust anyone else to do it for me.
It all started because of this.
The Kea is the only alpine parrot.
I'd buy a bonsai tree if I had the room for it.
Masculine qualities in a woman are seen as strength, while feminine qualities in a man are viewed as weakness.
Do penguins live in the Arctic?
Do you get penguins in the Arctic?
My horse is black.
We don't have room in our car for anyone else.
I don't have room for dessert.
I'd buy a larger TV if I had room for it.
There's still plenty of room for improvement.
Tom wasn't at the meeting.
What a bore!
How boring!
Sometimes, it's easier to ask for forgiveness, than to ask for permission.
This restaurant charges a different price for tourists.
This car is spacious and practical.
Well, the waiter at the Blue Marine Café seemed to think you were fighting.
Tom lives in a small town on the outskirts of Boston.
I prefer poetry to novels.
Tom fooled around with one of his high school students and got her pregnant.
What's the difference between cabbage and lettuce?
My head is about to explode from too much study!
Tom got a 100% in chemistry.
Tom got a perfect grade in chemistry.
Tom knows everything about cars.
The sunlight gradually decreased.
I want to publicly complain about that.
You should teach your children to be quiet at the table and only speak when they are spoken to.
Gosh, that Italian family at the next table sure is quiet.
He suppressed his anger.
He has no small talk.
He's not good at making conversation.
He's easy to handle.
He's easily controlled.
He's in military service.
He's an hopeless idiot.
He likes football a lot.
He likes soccer very much.
He greatly enjoys football.
He greatly enjoys soccer.
He took a sharp left.
You may not be ready now, but you will be, in time.
Taking into consideration the coming chill of winter, we cancelled our picnic.
The question is how will we deal with this difficult situation.
If she continues to live with a man she doesn't love for his money, the day will come when she will despair and be in dire straits.
Don't ever look at me again.
I'm not good at giving advice.
Is everything alright here?
If all goes according to plan, it just might work.
Stop and think about it.
This must be a joke.
Tom's stomach growled.
Carrots are good for the eyes. Have you ever seen a rabbit with glasses on?
You must examine that issue.
The reason is, no one can speak my language.
I remember the dream I had when I slept in your arms.
I earned a lot of money this month.
You will never brush against a zebra crossing a zebra crossing.
I wish I lived in Switzerland.
My son just lost a baby tooth.
Does he still have baby teeth?
Does she still have baby teeth?
I don't speak English.
Can you repeat, please?
Can you speak slowly, please?
Can you speak up?
How do you pronounce it?
Can you write it for me?
Can you show me the word in the dictionary?
May you win!
I was right too, then!
I like to dance.
I also like to listen to music.
Do you like to practice sports?
I don't like to sing at all.
He forgot his name.
He forgot her name.
Which do you like more, watching television or riding your bike?
I prefer to spend time with friends.
I like to play videogames, and you?
I'm about to pee.
My name is Francesco.
What would you rather do?
I'm Francesco.
I am Francesco.
I always go to school at 7:15.
Every day at school I have lunch with my friends.
Every day at school I eat with my friends.
On Saturdays I often get up at noon.
Generally I don't like country music.
Generally I don't like listening to country music.
At times I have breakfast in a restaurant.
Every once in a while I play soccer with my brother.
I rarely go back home at five.
I never have dinner at school.
Before I go to school, I take a shower.
After school, I study, then play videogames.
I speak English and you, what language do you speak?
You have told another lie.
Explaining a joke is like dissecting a frog: Few people are interested, and the frog dies.
I am as tired as you.
That's not true!
I speak English, a little Italian and Spanish.
Tom found it.
Nothing beats a good laugh.
Why do they want to talk to me?
The insolence of it!
Comparison is the mother of violence.
Liisa was on the verge of tears.
From bad to worse!
It goes from bad to worse.
I demand that this plan be approved and enforced as soon as possible.
I demand an investigation!
This line shows the longitude.
My phone battery runs out quickly.
Italian is the language of love.
Love is better than anger. Hope is better than fear.
You must reply to that letter.
He's considering becoming a sailor.
Not only did we go to Paris, but we also went to Rome.
I have to want it.
I have to live.
I have to read.
Second place is just the first loser.
And that's it!
Hit the ball after the bounce.
Why are Chinese tourists so rude?
The group was made up of six girls and four guys.
Now's no time to make a racket!
He gets any girl he wants.
He's a landlubber.
What is this world coming to?
What is the world coming to?
We used to discuss everything and now we can't talk about anything.
He fell in love with his student.
He fell in love with one of his students.
She fell in love with one of her students.
She fell in love with one of the other students.
She fell in love with her teacher.
She has a crush on her teacher.
Something was bothering him.
Something was bothering her.
It seems that something is bothering him.
I think that something is bothering her.
I think it a mystery why he killed his wife.
I want three sugars in my coffee.
I want two sugars in my coffee.
I drink my coffee black.
He's asking for it.
He was asking for it.
She was asking for it.
Tom's father died from karoshi five years ago.
Tom's father died from overwork five years ago.
Why the hell is he going to accept that proposal?
Is Santa Claus real?
I didn't bother going to his birthday party.
People usually know why they're laughing.
Since my boyfriend is more of an indoors person, we didn't go to the beach, nor to the mountains this summer.
I'm afraid that I failed terribly.
I can't imagine what it's like to live on another planet.
When I was a kid, I loved "Jurassic Park".
Tom bought a second hand Toyota.
Tom bought a used Toyota.
Mr. White is a rational man.
There's no need for Nick to come to my office.
I'd like coffee rather than tea, please.
His car was blue. Her car was red.
Actually, I didn't know that.
I won't make a lot of money from that job.
We will end today's lesson here.
His car was blue and hers was red.
I paid very little for this painting.
Those who were there thought it was pure gold.
My sister didn't say "hello" to me.
It's natural that no one likes him. He's really mean.
I do not sing.
I live life.
They want change. They hate staying in one place.
I want change. I hate being in one place for too long.
On the whole, your idea is sound.
They say that Zen strengthens our mind.
Two men kept guard.
That flower is beautiful, but it doesn't turn into a fruit.
I think that his novel is boring.
It's easy for a slut to go from guy to another.
The boy was not upset, even after being laughed at by his classmates.
The girl was not upset, even after being laughed at by her classmates.
The child remained unfazed, even after being laughed at by his classmates.
In the unlikely event that I failed, what would my parents say?
This theory was first proposed by this years old physicist.
Pfft! That's your punishment for laughing at a girl!
I'm tormented by the noise of traffic.
This is not easy at all.
You have more energy than me.
All of his friends thought that he was happy.
Should I cancel my business trip to LA?
It's not time to be kicking up a fuss.
How old is she?
You'd better hurry, otherwise you'll be late for your appointment.
You'd better hurry, otherwise you won't get there before dark.
You'd better hurry, otherwise you'll be late.
You'd better hurry, otherwise you'll miss the train.
You'd better hurry. If you don't, you won't get there before dark.
We'd better leave now, otherwise we'll be late.
If we don't leave soon, we'll be late.
If we don't leave soon, we'll won't get there in time.
If we don't leave soon, we won't get there while it's still light.
I live in a country where the cost of a liter of gasoline is cheaper than the cost of a liter of water.
They sold us a pup.
I'm only here by mistake.
Tom sold me his old car.
Tom sat at the dining room table, drinking chocolate milk through a straw.
Tom walks through this park every morning on his way to work.
I drive across that bridge every afternoon on my way home from work.
Tom cried his eyes out.
Tom cried until he ran out of tears.
I never liked you.
Is it true that you and Tom were engaged?
Is it true that you and Tom got married?
Is it true that Tom and Mary got arrested?
Tom usually wears dungarees.
Tom usually wears jeans.
The car my grandfather gave me only got ten miles to the gallon.
How many kilometers per liter does the average car get?
The car my grandfather gave me only got ten miles per gallon.
Which street may I start with?
I want to go back to Spain.
Do you see what you did to me?
The priest skillfully drew a picture of a priest on a folding screen.
Do you have any food?
She is a small person.
He is a small person.
Can I get a goodnight kiss?
I think we're safe now.
We appear to be out of danger.
I think we're out of danger.
Tom is wearing glasses with black frames.
We'll see each other at in front of the laboratory.
I really do believe he was a great man.
Your dream was so beautiful.
Read.
Take out your homework.
But are we really sure?
The question has to be put in these terms.
Hand in your homework.
The issue has to be analysed.
I'm of the same opinion.
Numbers speak clearly.
Did you see our new website?
I realise the problem.
The evidence is reliable.
The evidence is doubtful.
It's a mistaken opinion.
I didn't realize there was a problem.
I want to keep them with me.
Let's go by train.
We are going by train.
Which platform does the train leave from?
Tom got his shovel out of the truck and began to dig.
You have to validate your ticket.
What time does the train leave?
We plan to go by train.
What time does the train arrive?
Is it direct?
Is he direct?
I'm very well.
I'm so-so.
The Crostolo torrent is full of nutrias.
The Crostolo torrent is full of coypus.
Lightning struck Tom's house.
My name is Roberto.
I am years old.
He's eleven years old.
She's eleven years old.
It's eleven years old.
He is years old.
She is years old.
It is years old.
He lives in Rome.
She lives in Rome.
You're everywhere!
It's ten o'clock.
Ugh!
Peter is my best friend.
Thanks for letting me know.
I vividly remember my first kiss.
I still vividly remember the embarrassment even today.
I can't agree with you more.
He prefers fish to meat.
Is the bank open today?
What time does the bank open?
How old are you? - I'm twenty-three years old.
Don't forget to talk to him tomorrow.
Please don't make so much noise. I'm trying to work.
Where's Mark? He's having a shower.
Let's go out now. It isn't raining any more.
What's all that noise? What's going on?
We interrupt this program to bring you a special news bulletin.
I'm not sure there's a God.
He took thousands of pictures.
She took thousands of pictures during her trip, but they were all bad.
Why are you locking the door?
Why are you so nice to everyone?
Why am I so nice to everyone?
She dropped me off at my apartment.
This is what I love.
He is openly gay.
He took advantage of her.
Food is cheap in Germany.
These dirty socks stink.
Alcohol is also cheap in Germany.
He was trained by an expert.
May fortune smile upon you.
May fortune smile on you.
Water is more expensive than beer at this restaurant.
There is much more to be done.
There is still much more to be done.
It's normal in Germany.
"This is normal in Germany." "Really?"
It was a critical and a commercial success.
I guess I won't be seeing you again.
This rule is often ignored.
We want to give special thanks to Tom.
It's that time of the year again.
How do you think I feel about it?
You're coming with us!
You're coming with me!
He's coming with us.
She's coming with us.
She's coming with me.
Tom won't let anyone else come near the barbecue.
He's a barbecue aficionado.
Don't let anyone else tell you otherwise.
I don't hate my sister.
I don't hate my brother.
She asked for pictures.
He asked for pictures.
She asked for a picture.
He asked for a picture.
I'm not a celebrity.
The old lady is still counting her change.
There is a strong anti-nuclear movement in Germany.
The dead outnumber the living.
The Portuguese Vasco da Gama discovered the seaway that leads from Portugal, around the continent of Africa, to India.
Germans have a more relaxed attitude towards nudity.
What does the earth look like from space?
I'd like to see the earth from space one day.
These articles try to present the history of the Romansh language.
Tom traveled to another dimension.
I'm wearing sunglasses.
I will wear sunglasses.
I wanna love you forever!
He died ten years ago.
It's normal in Brazil.
Don't stick your nose into other people's business.
I have seen her playing the piano.
Tom took off his cap.
I'm in seventh heaven.
Why do you want to speak in tongues?
Tom and Mary played draughts.
He has very bad handwriting.
He's got terrible handwriting.
What are you doing with the rest of prepared rice?
I'll meet her tomorrow.
I'll meet Tom tomorrow at 2:30.
I love her but she loves him.
I'll meet Tom in front of the station at 2:30.
I wouldn't mind going to the cinema.
If there's no bread, just eat the cake.
I've forgotten my password.
I want to love you forever!
Mary says she's never asked a guy out.
Thanks for being my girlfriend.
My native language is Portuguese.
I can't shake the memory of you and it is starting to cause me agony.
Are you still angry at me?
Mike likes cats.
Who are you talking to?
They do many things together.
The coast of England has many bays.
She was a very ambitious woman.
She doesn't eat much.
That error is very common.
These shoes are very comfortable.
Do you think that he is dead?
Wait for six hours.
Life hasn't been easy.
Your name's not Tom, is it?
Your name isn't Tom, is it?
Look at this bird I just found.
He washes his head.
I'm a swimmer.
I want to be a swimmer.
She's washing her head.
I want to be a journalist.
We want it.
I don't want to talk to you, because you broke my heart.
Thanks for being my friend.
I'm swimming in the ocean.
Everything was simpler in those days.
Be what you want to be.
I too like candies.
Kate wants to work in Italy, so she's learning Italian.
Some friends of mine are building their own house. They hope to finish it next summer.
You're working hard today.
The company I work for isn't doing so well this year.
Is your English getting better?
The population of the world is increasing very fast.
At first I didn't like my job, but I'm beginning to enjoy it now.
How do you say "cheese" in German?
We had a dress rehearsal for the dance show the morning before opening night.
The dress rehearsal took a long time because of problems with the lights.
Tomorrow's dress rehearsal starts at one o'clock.
The flight will be delayed because of sandstorm.
Go ahead alone!
What are the positive sides?
Now we see the interior of the castle.
I'm behind the kitchen.
He enters my house.
I park in front of the farm.
It's not the volts that kill you, it's the amps.
Santa Claus brings gifts to children for Christmas.
I got my six-pack by working out in the gym.
The Red Cross is a non-profit organization.
We must draw a line in the sand.
I have a photo of my girlfriend on my nightstand.
The cook chopped the meat.
I'm on cloud nine.
Tom drew a picture of a dolphin.
Tom falsified the reports.
This bridge is three times longer than that one.
This bridge is three times longer than that bridge.
For now I'm feeling fine.
He will have no chance of winning his heart.
Mary had a little lamb, whose fleece was white as snow.
Man is a slave of habit.
Man is enslaved to customs.
I am not familiar with the ins and outs of all this.
From unpromising beginnings, he went on to become a respected leader.
A solution to this problem is still some way off.
Don't talk about my parents like that!
I'm sure that he'll come to the party.
I'm staying at a hotel for the time being.
It is about a higher organism.
It relates to a superior body.
Why am I so sleepy?
I wonder why I'm so sleepy.
There are more messages on Loglan mailing list than on Lojban mailing list every day.
If a woman knows, the whole world knows.
Insults are the arguments of those who have no arguments.
I wonder why I'm so tired.
My friend's friend is beautiful.
The scrolling text on the display of my Internet radio gives me information about the selected station and the running program.
Samsara is a Sanskrit word that means “the ever turning wheel of life”.
Liisa picks everything I say to pieces.
Can you understand why they have to pig it in one sordid room?
Markku made his pile as a caterer for the well-to-do.
I doubt if this shop will ever pay its way.
They cannot be governed.
She's got terrible handwriting.
I believe he's gay.
Tom has a lot on his conscience.
Tom's gross income last year was over thirty thousand dollars.
Stop by at the grocery store and get these things for me.
All governments will have to cooperate in this matter.
I'd like to go and see Tom, but what good will it do?
We might as well stay here until it stops hailing.
Only college graduates are eligible for this job.
Tom and Mary often play tennis on grass courts.
Tom and Mary are dancing in the grand ballroom.
The roof is going to fall in one of these days.
The hotel does not permit guests to keep pets.
Tom received the highest grades in the class.
I'm in the habit of sleeping late on Sundays.
Tom did it out of the goodness of his heart.
I'll guarantee that you'll enjoy this movie.
What language group does French belong to?
Tom spends a lot of time cleaning his gun.
Tom changed everything from the ground up.
These goats will ruin your kitchen garden.
I worked a couple of years as a farm hand.
Don't eat green apples or you'll get sick.
There were coffee grounds left in my cup.
Don't let the grass grow under your feet.
I'm trying to break myself of the habit.
I was a guest at Tom's house for a week.
A group of students stood in the street.
Soldiers guard the place day and night.
Oranges are graded by size and quality.
I was sitting on the couch half asleep.
Did they grant Tom permission to leave?
Would you like some ham for breakfast?
Tom is doing graduate work in science.
Tom's daughter is growing up rapidly.
Tom just missed hitting me by a hair.
Is the electrical equipment grounded?
I've been waiting the last half hour.
Group the words according to meaning.
A gardener takes care of the grounds.
Where can I buy a guide to the city?
Tom has a two days' growth of beard.
I haven't seen Tom for a good while.
Tom shouted at us in a gruff voice.
Tom held the rope with a firm grip.
Tom has grown wheat for many years.
It's the second door down the hall.
For a moment, Tom's guard was down.
Did you guess the end of the story?
You can never catch Tom off guard.
Tom grinds his teeth in his sleep.
I've never studied French grammar.
I've learned a good deal from you.
I'm grateful to you for your help.
I got it for half price at a sale.
Tom's practice has grown rapidly.
I don't consider Tom a great man.
Tom's goal was to become famous.
Tom guided us through the woods.
This wood has a beautiful grain.
I shook hands with Tom and left.
Your son is quite grown up now.
The business has changed hands.
That's no way to treat a guest.
I'll give Tom half of my share.
You take too much for granted.
We lived in a great big house.
Tom is a good man for the job.
The prisoner was found guilty.
The little boy grew very fast.
Will you hand me that pencil?
The sky was gray all morning.
Make the tea good and strong.
God knows what we'll do next.
We grind our coffee by hand.
Tom has a growth on his arm.
Their flag is blue and gold.
The barns are full of grain.
Tom turned green with envy.
The job is as good as done.
It's a gray stone building.
I have a guilty conscience.
How much is that gold ring?
The ground was very rocky.
That actor's quite a ham.
Are you leaving for good?
What is the grand total?
What grade do you teach?
Tom has a powerful grip.
Tom gave me good advice.
Please wait in the hall.
Gray goes well with red.
Could I borrow a hammer?
Tom is a grown man now.
Tom gave thanks to God.
The crowd grew rapidly.
Shall I cut it in half?
Give me the green book.
That was a good guess.
Tom is graying fast.
I was in great pain.
I guess Tom is sick.
Hammer the nail in.
It grew cold.
I'll be back in half an hour.
We'll be there at half past two.
I'll be back in minutes.
Who's your favorite singer?
This slow Internet connection is really getting on my nerves.
I hope you can avoid all the stupid mistakes that amateurs usually make.
Maybe it was stupid of me to think that Tom would really help us.
Do you think I'd be stupid enough to come here without a weapon?
I don't want to do it because it's dangerous and it's stupid.
Tom was stupid enough to challenge Mary to a game of chess.
We've got to talk to Tom before he does something stupid.
You've been singing that same stupid song for three days.
We've got to find Tom before he does something stupid.
Everybody does stupid stuff like that in high school.
Do you have any idea how stupid this makes you look?
I don't want to hear any more of your stupid jokes.
If you do that, you're going to look pretty stupid.
I've made more than one stupid mistake in my life.
Just promise me that you won't do anything stupid.
Tom couldn't believe that Mary could be so stupid.
Tom has been asking stupid questions all morning.
Try to make sure Tom doesn't do something stupid.
I got drunk last night and did something stupid.
People might think you're stupid if you do that.
Tom was stupid enough to believe what Mary said.
What you did was very dangerous and very stupid.
What a stupid thing to say at a time like this!
Even smart people sometimes do stupid things.
Lack of sleep will make you do stupid things.
It was stupid. We never should have done it.
Tom told us another one of his stupid jokes.
I've had it with you and your stupid ideas.
People do stupid things when they're angry.
People do stupid things when they're tired.
We're not as stupid as you thought, right?
Hunger can make people do stupid things.
That was pretty stupid of me, wasn't it?
Even adults do a lot of stupid things.
I hope you don't say something stupid.
I knew Tom would say something stupid.
Please tell me you aren't that stupid.
Who would be stupid enough to do that?
I hope you don't do something stupid.
Well, that was a stupid thing to say.
Your stupid plan is actually working.
Drunk people often do stupid things.
I think that's a really stupid idea.
I've had it with these stupid rules.
Pain will make you do stupid things.
Children do a lot of stupid things.
I ended up saying something stupid.
I was stupid enough to believe Tom.
Getting a tattoo is a stupid idea.
I'd never do anything that stupid.
So far, we've done nothing stupid.
This whole thing is really stupid.
Tom is out doing something stupid.
How could we have been so stupid?
No one thinks that you're stupid.
Tom thought it was a stupid plan.
Who would do such a stupid thing?
You're not as stupid as you look.
Children often do stupid things.
Children say such stupid things.
I did a stupid thing last night.
That doesn't sound stupid to me.
That was a stupid thing to say.
Tom is too stupid to be scared.
How could anyone be so stupid?
It would be stupid to say yes.
Do you think I'm that stupid?
How stupid do you think I am?
That's a stupid thing to say.
Tom said I'm ugly and stupid.
You'd be stupid to trust Tom.
I've had it with this stupid job.
It was a stupid idea anyway.
It was a stupid thing to do.
That's a really stupid idea.
How could Tom be so stupid?
This whole thing is stupid.
Tom made a stupid decision.
Are you calling me stupid?
Do you think we're stupid?
Don't you feel stupid now?
Is Tom really that stupid?
That sounds pretty stupid.
The idea is stupid anyway.
We know you're not stupid.
We're not all that stupid.
Did I do anything stupid?
How can Tom be so stupid?
How could I be so stupid?
That's a stupid question.
It was a stupid mistake.
It wasn't a stupid idea.
It's a stupid tradition.
That just sounds stupid.
Does that sound stupid?
That was a stupid idea.
Do I look that stupid?
Doing that was stupid.
This is a stupid game.
We had a stupid fight.
It was a stupid joke.
It's a stupid policy.
That would be stupid.
That's a stupid idea.
That's a stupid rule.
Try not to be stupid.
I'm not that stupid.
It was a stupid bet.
Why was I so stupid?
I just feel stupid.
It's a stupid rule.
That was so stupid.
This was so stupid.
It's a stupid law.
Do I look stupid?
I feel so stupid.
Are you stupid?
Tom is rattling his saber.
This house will exist.
I am going back to my native country.
I am going back to India.
I'm not a good person.
Chopin was a Polish musician.
Am I not beautiful?
Why did you come this early?
Why did you come so early?
Even though his mother told him to get ready for dinner, Tom continued playing his game.
Tom turned off his desk lamp and sat in the dark thinking about what he should do.
I'm having a little get-together tomorrow at my place. Would you like to come?
Tom knew certain things about Mary that she hoped he wouldn't tell John.
It's doubtful whether Tom can speak French well enough to do the job.
Tom picked up a paintbrush and started helping Mary paint the fence.
Tom said he really wanted to be here, but he had to stay in Boston.
After the waiter left, Tom and Mary continued their conversation.
Tom picked up the coffee pot and poured himself a cup of coffee.
Tom and his friends are in the next room singing drinking songs.
Tom took his clothes off and put them into the washing machine.
Tom has three sons. All three of them are married to Canadians.
I'm very grateful for what you've done for me and my family.
Tom held the knife between his teeth as he untied the knot.
I've dreamed about it every night for the last three weeks.
We can't rule out the possibility that it was an accident.
Tom stayed in Boston and continued living with his parents.
Tom drove past Mary's house on his way to the supermarket.
Tom was the first to arrive at the scene of the accident.
Tom slipped quietly out of bed and went into the kitchen.
We have less than three minutes before the movie starts.
Tom wished there was something else he could do to help.
Both of my kids have already graduated from high school.
Tom was the one who helped me pull weeds in the garden.
Tom is wearing what appears to be some kind of uniform.
There's a swimming pool not too far from where I live.
Do you really want a cup of coffee this late at night?
Tom walked in and quietly closed the door behind him.
Tom quietly opened the door and looked into the room.
Tom grew up near a lake, but he isn't a good swimmer.
Tom could tell that Mary wanted to be somewhere else.
Tom and Mary spoke quietly in the corner of the room.
Tom and Mary aren't really getting married, are they?
This is a really bad time. Could you come back later?
It's still too early in the morning to visit anybody.
I heard that Tom was traveling with you in Australia.
I can't help wondering about what Tom might be doing.
You're not old enough yet get to a driver's license.
Tom was three years old when this picture was taken.
Tom sat down behind the desk and picked up a pencil.
Tom is better at French than most of his classmates.
Tom continued working even though he was very tired.
There's a bookstore across the street from my house.
It's been three years since I began studying French.
I've never wanted to be anything else but a teacher.
I can speak Japanese, but I can't read it very well.
There's absolutely nothing wrong with what you did.
There's a bottle of white wine in the refrigerator.
I saw a few drunks in the park singing and dancing.
You were the only person that was ever nice to me.
Tom handed Mary a glass of water and two aspirins.
Tom could tell that Mary didn't enjoy the concert.
This may not be the best solution, but it'll work.
The police are watching us from across the street.
The children were all drawing pictures of animals.
It's unlikely that the meeting will start on time.
I'm not as interested in politics as I used to be.
I thought you said you were sick of peanut butter.
I couldn't have gotten this far without your help.
You know that Tom is in love with you, don't you?
We understand how difficult this must be for you.
Tom stopped at the water fountain to get a drink.
Tom sat on the bench, watching the children play.
Tom noticed that Mary seemed a little distracted.
They've sold about three hundred of them already.
It's almost impossible to read Tom's handwriting.
I'm almost thirty years old and I'm still single.
Doing that was easier than I thought it would be.
You're very fortunate to have such good friends.
You said you had something that belonged to Tom.
Tom pointed at the restaurant across the street.
Tom picked up the water bottle and took a drink.
There's no need for you to stay here any longer.
It's likely that Tom didn't finish his homework.
It's about three miles from here to the station.
I'm writing an article for the school newspaper.
I'll pay you back the money I owe you next week.
You're going to get hurt if you're not careful.
You won't get there on time if you don't hurry.
You have everything you really want, don't you?
We're looking forward to hearing from you soon.
Tom sat on the floor between the door and Mary.
The food at the party wasn't very good, was it?
Mary is a very beautiful and interesting woman.
It's more than three kilometers to the station.
It's bad manners to speak with your mouth full.
It can't be done in the amount of time we have.
Do you have something else more pressing to do?
You're very fortunate to have such a good job.
You're the last person I expected to see here.
You're not actually going to do that, are you?
You seem a little better than you were before.
You know more about Tom than anyone else does.
We're going to rent a car and drive to Boston.
Tom will be ready for us in about ten minutes.
Tom really cares about this stuff, doesn't he?
Tom opened his desk drawer and took out a pen.
Tom meant it as a joke, but no one was amused.
Tom and Mary really seem to be hitting it off.
This clock must've belonged to Tom's father.
There's a large supermarket not far from here.
I can't finish painting this house in one day.
You're the very person I've been looking for.
You're really serious about this, aren't you?
You really need to be there tomorrow at 2:30.
We've only known each other for three months.
We're not actually going to go there, are we?
We'll never know what really happened to Tom.
Tom was the one who taught Mary how to drive.
Tom spent the afternoon handing out leaflets.
Tom seems to speak French better than before.
They'll get married sooner or later, I think.
There's a pair of scissors in the top drawer.
It's likely that Tom isn't telling the truth.
It's been three years since they got married.
I'm not as interested in politics as you are.
I'll tell you the rest of the story tomorrow.
I'll go swimming with Tom tomorrow afternoon.
I'll deal with this problem as soon as I can.
You really are the most gorgeous woman here.
You never say what you really think, do you?
Tom was with an old friend from high school.
Tom sat across from Mary, his ex-girlfriend.
Tom put on his pajamas and climbed into bed.
Tom and Mary aren't really dating, are they?
They'll keep their promise, I'm pretty sure.
There's an urgent need for medical supplies.
The food at the party was really quite good.
The food at the party was really incredible.
No matter what I do, I can't make Tom laugh.
It's not as humid today as it was yesterday.
It's impossible for me to do that by myself.
I wish there was something else we could do.
I have absolutely no idea what Tom is doing.
You're old enough to take care of yourself.
You're forgetting one very important thing.
What have you been doing for the past hour?
We both know what'll happen if you do that.
Tom will probably never go to Boston again.
Tom said some really nice things about you.
Tom is three years younger than you, right?
Tom is only three years older than you are.
Tom is not much older than Mary's daughter.
Tom is a little younger than your daughter.
Tom got into his car and quickly drove off.
Tom closed his eyes and took a deep breath.
Tom and Mary are much stronger than we are.
Tom and Mary are having a really good time.
There's chocolate ice cream in the freezer.
I'm thinking of going to Boston next month.
I'm going to take three days off next week.
I'm going to play tennis with Tom tomorrow.
I'll look after your dog while you're away.
I love you more than anything in the world.
Do you really believe that Tom is reliable?
We'd really love it if you could be there.
We'd be very interested in what you think.
Tom sat down between Mary and her husband.
Tom handed Mary a ham and cheese sandwich.
Tom could tell that Mary was really upset.
Tom and Mary were both wearing sunglasses.
Tom and Mary are going to Boston tomorrow.
There's no reason why you shouldn't do it.
I'm really curious how the two of you met.
I'm hungry because I didn't eat breakfast.
I'm going to stay with my uncle in Boston.
I'm going to do that first thing tomorrow.
I know that Tom was there a few hours ago.
You're the only one who can protect them.
You're not as funny as you think you are.
You're much better at French than Tom is.
You seem to have a problem concentrating.
We're no better off than when we started.
We're looking forward to seeing you soon.
We'll begin the party when Tom gets here.
We have a bigger problem than we thought.
Tom showed Mary pictures of his children.
This movie isn't that interesting, is it?
There's orange juice in the refrigerator.
There's only one bottle of red wine left.
There's nothing to prevent me from going.
I'm very grateful to you for your advice.
I'm not the one who needs to lose weight.
I'm going to spend the weekend in Boston.
I'll visit my uncle in Boston next month.
I had no idea things had gotten this bad.
I can't remember exactly where Tom lives.
Do you really want to know where we went?
Did Tom have anything interesting to say?
You're three centimeters taller than me.
You're the person I've been looking for.
You're forgetting something, aren't you?
You'll never forget it, I'm pretty sure.
You really are very beautiful, you know.
We're thinking of moving back to Boston.
We're grateful to you for all your help.
We'll be there in less than three hours.
Tom took Mary's picture with his iPhone.
Tom told Mary that she was a bad kisser.
Tom seems to be feeling a little better.
Tom said you were really good at tennis.
Tom needs someone to teach him to drive.
Tom is the only one that really matters.
Tom has two daughters. Both are married.
Tom had no food or water for three days.
They won't start the meeting without us.
The doctor will be with you in a minute.
It's rude to speak with your mouth full.
I'm not sure whether I really want that.
I'm not satisfied with your explanation.
I wish I could remember Tom's last name.
I understand you had an interesting day.
I have a really good feeling about this.
I don't think Tom will ever forget this.
You're wearing your T-shirt inside out.
You're too young to travel by yourself.
You're making a big fuss about nothing.
You seem to know everything about this.
You guys seem to be having a good time.
You guys are old enough to know better.
We've known each other for three years.
We'll have to teach Tom how to survive.
Tom was the first one through the door.
Tom was never really in love with Mary.
Tom thinks he knows what Mary is doing.
Tom sits at his desk all night working.
Tom seems to have calmed down a little.
Tom seems to be bored with all of this.
Tom is three years older than his wife.
Tom has a son not much older than Mary.
There's no reason for you to apologize.
It's likely that Tom did it on purpose.
I'm very grateful to you for your help.
I'm supposed to go to Boston on Monday.
I'm not used to this kind of hard work.
I'm not the least bit worried about it.
I'll be back in less than five minutes.
Do you know how deep the water is here?
You've known Tom longer than any of us.
You're the one that I was looking for.
You're the next in line for promotion.
You're not really that naive, are you?
You seem to be very interested in Tom.
What's the longest river in the world?
Were you really that worried about me?
We traveled together for three months.
Tom would never agree to such a thing.
Tom will probably never be late again.
Tom walked quickly through the tunnel.
Tom surely thought it was a good idea.
Tom says this is what he really wants.
Tom is three inches shorter than Mary.
Tom is old enough to be Mary's father.
Tom and Mary are high school students.
There's not enough room for everybody.
There's not enough food for all of us.
There's an urgent need for volunteers.
There's absolutely nothing wrong with this.
The police are looking for both of us.
The food at the party was really good.
That's the place where I used to work.
It's very cold this morning, isn't it?
It's supposed to rain today, isn't it?
It's not necessary for you to do that.
I'm very concerned about Tom's health.
I'm sorry that I can't help you today.
I'm going to work in Boston next year.
I saw Tom climbing up the scaffolding.
I love you now more than I did before.
You're the man I've been looking for.
You're safe as long as you stay here.
You're responsible for this accident.
You're not really a teacher, are you?
We have less than three minutes left.
Tom was drinking from a water bottle.
Tom seems to want something from you.
Tom sat at his desk, deep in thought.
Tom said more than he had planned to.
Tom got up and walked out of the bar.
Tom followed Mary through the tunnel.
Tom and Mary really loved each other.
There's one thing I don't understand.
There's nothing else left to be done.
It's really humid here in the summer.
It's going to be really cold tonight.
It's been three years since Tom died.
It doesn't taste as good as it looks.
I'm too short to reach the top shelf.
I'm sure Tom will be very happy here.
I'll be waiting for you in the lobby.
I'll be seeing Tom again next Monday.
I have a son not much older than you.
You're stronger than the rest of us.
You seem to have it all figured out.
You seem to be waiting for somebody.
You never say what you really think.
You need to learn how to compromise.
You have to learn how to compromise.
You both want the same thing, right?
We're both here for the same reason.
We're better off than we used to be.
We need to teach Tom how to survive.
Tom will be arriving in the morning.
Tom was the only child at the party.
Tom was sitting between his parents.
Tom was more surprised than anybody.
Tom seems to be a very good teacher.
Tom isn't really a doctor, you know.
Tom has some very interesting ideas.
Tom and Mary must really be in love.
Tom and I usually meet here at 2:30.
There's something wrong with my car.
There's no telling what Tom will do.
Mary is wearing a short skirt today.
It's doubtful whether Tom will come.
It's bad manners to point at people.
I'm staying for another three weeks.
I'm leaving Boston tomorrow morning.
I'm learning to play the guitar now.
I'll meet you here tomorrow at 2:30.
I'll have Tom mow your lawn for you.
I wanted to ask you about something.
Do you really believe in that stuff?
Both of the children started crying.
You're not really worried, are you?
You know Tom better than any of us.
What's the population of Australia?
We're thinking of buying a new car.
We have to forget it ever happened.
We have less than three hours left.
We have a door between our offices.
We both know what needs to be done.
We aren't selling our house to Tom.
Tom will meet you tomorrow morning.
Tom was here less than an hour ago.
Tom walked quickly down the street.
Tom spoke softly to Mary in French.
Tom seems to know all that already.
Tom sat at his desk grading papers.
Tom rowed the boat across the lake.
Tom really wants to be your friend.
Tom noticed sick people everywhere.
Tom never forgets a name or a face.
Tom isn't really such a bad singer.
Tom isn't really such a bad person.
There's enough food for all of you.
That's the book I bought yesterday.
It's no use trying to persuade Tom.
It's a pity that you can't join us.
It's a pity that Tom died so young.
I'm worried that Tom will get lost.
I'm worried that Tom will get hurt.
I'm the youngest of three children.
I'm not sure when Tom will be back.
I'm not satisfied with the results.
I'm glad I didn't buy one of those.
I can see Tom, but he can't see me.
Have you known Tom for a long time?
Do you have something else in mind?
A lot of guys around here hate you.
You're not supposed to smoke here.
You'll soon get used to the noise.
You never really said you love me.
You must be Tom's younger brother.
What's Tom doing in Mary's office?
Were both of them wearing helmets?
We're junior high school students.
We'll start whenever you're ready.
We had no idea who Tom really was.
We both know Tom isn't happy here.
Tom's not really that into sports.
Tom weighs more than thirty kilos.
Tom was more surprised than angry.
Tom walked slowly around the room.
Tom showed Mary a picture he drew.
Tom says we can start without him.
Tom said more than he should have.
Tom really likes Mary, doesn't he?
Tom pounded his fists on the desk.
Tom is three months older than me.
Tom is teaching a class right now.
Tom is getting weaker by the hour.
Tom gazed deeply into Mary's eyes.
Tom followed Mary over the bridge.
Tom continued banging on the door.
Tom climbed up the telephone pole.
They're wearing expensive clothes.
They're having a really good time.
They're disappointed in their son.
There's nothing to complain about.
There's no telling what'll happen.
There's enough room for everybody.
There's a dictionary on the shelf.
That story can't possibly be true.
My office is just across the hall.
I'm often mistaken for my brother.
I'm going to the dentist tomorrow.
I'm afraid I don't agree with you.
I'm about the same age as you are.
I'll try to get up early tomorrow.
I shouldn't have touched anything.
I have some things to give to you.
I get paid thirty dollars an hour.
I can't drive Tom to school today.
I can't do this without your help.
I bet you've never climbed a tree.
Do you know how deep the water is?
Did you dream about me last night?
You're not really going, are you?
You're not as funny as you think.
You're more than welcome to stay.
You should've started without me.
You really messed things up, Tom.
You really are strange, you know.
You know Tom better than anybody.
We've studied this in some depth.
We're not speaking to each other.
We're not really friends anymore.
We sold those to them, didn't we?
Tom wanted both of them to leave.
Tom walked quickly up the stairs.
Tom seems to be having a bad day.
Tom seems friendlier than before.
Tom seems a little uncomfortable.
Tom needs you more than you know.
Tom needed to be taught a lesson.
Tom knows this will be difficult.
Tom is really having a good time.
Tom hates you more than ever now.
Tom has a wife and a young child.
Tom had a really bad day at work.
Tom forgot to renew his passport.
Tom flipped through the magazine.
Tom flipped through the channels.
Tom drove slowly down the street.
They're looking into the problem.
They're all high school students.
There's nothing to apologize for.
There's no need for Tom to hurry.
It's very hot here in the summer.
It's time you told Tom the truth.
I'm three years younger than Tom.
I'm sure we have a lot in common.
I'm supposed to meet Tom at 2:30.
I'm not going anywhere on Monday.
I'm not as heavy as I used to be.
I'm going to Australia next year.
I'm fed up with your complaining.
I'll teach you how to play chess.
I'll be working all day tomorrow.
I'll be at home all day tomorrow.
I think that's a really bad idea.
I have something for both of you.
I can't stand that noise anymore.
I can't remember Tom's last name.
I can't finish this work by 2:30.
Do you really believe that stuff?
Do you really believe that story?
You're the only guy here I know.
You're much funnier than Tom is.
You'll need this more than I do.
You won't believe what happened.
You said it would be quiet here.
You really know your stuff, Tom.
You really are creepy, you know.
You know Tom better than anyone.
What's the population of Boston?
We're going to meet Tom tonight.
We were high school sweethearts.
We really have to be on our way.
Tom will be here in a few hours.
Tom will be here for three days.
Tom will be arriving any moment.
Tom walked towards the elevator.
Tom tried to sing Mary to sleep.
Tom seemed to be in a good mood.
Tom must be bored half to death.
Tom knew better than to protest.
Tom is older than Mary's father.
Tom is not really in Boston now.
Tom is handsome and charismatic.
Tom is actually very particular.
Tom hurried toward the elevator.
Tom hurried out of the building.
Tom followed Mary up the stairs.
Tom drew a picture of his house.
Tom chuckled quietly to himself.
Tom and Mary seem to be arguing.
They're talking with each other.
They're both good chess players.
There's nothing wrong with this.
There's no chance of rain today.
There's a fence around my house.
Stop feeling sorry for yourself.
It's a pity that Tom can't come.
I'm paid thirty dollars an hour.
I'm not sure when Tom will come.
I'm not sure I really want that.
I'm not much of a tennis player.
I'm not feeling very well today.
I'm looking for a new assistant.
I'll be seeing Tom this evening.
I have something to give to you.
I can't help thinking about Tom.
I can't afford to buy a bicycle.
Do you remember a guy named Tom?
Both of the children are asleep.
You're very early this morning.
You're the tallest person here.
You're stronger than you think.
You're my friends, both of you.
You're much taller than Tom is.
You're from Boston, aren't you?
You're better than all of them.
You were such a beautiful baby.
You two seem to be old friends.
You must be sick of doing this.
What's the exchange rate today?
What was the cause of the fire?
We'll be at home all day today.
Tom was bored out of his skull.
Tom walked towards the kitchen.
Tom walked through the village.
Tom teaches his friends French.
Tom slowly walked towards Mary.
Tom seems a little embarrassed.
Tom really has no other option.
Tom is young and inexperienced.
Tom is boring the pants off us.
Tom is better looking than you.
Tom has more friends than Mary.
Tom belongs with John and Mary.
Tom almost forgot his umbrella.
They're discussing the problem.
They'll get married next month.
They seem to know all about us.
There's nothing wrong with you.
There's always something to do.
There's a lot of traffic today.
That's not what I meant to say.
That isn't what I meant to say.
It's very cold today, isn't it?
It's too hot to work right now.
It's not always cold in Boston.
It's likely to be hot tomorrow.
It's likely that Tom will come.
I'm writing this letter to Tom.
I'm worried about Tom's health.
I'm really disappointed in you.
I'm not sure, but Tom may come.
I'm getting married next month.
I'm fed up with Tom's behavior.
I'll wait for you in the lobby.
I'll meet you at 2:tomorrow.
I'll do anything within reason.
I'll ask Tom about it tomorrow.
I was disappointed by the news.
I shouldn't have gone anywhere.
I can't speak French very well.
Everything seems normal enough.
Do you know what else is wrong?
Do you guys need anything else?
Are you guys actually finished?
You're better off without Tom.
You're a really bad bartender.
You'll never get Tom to agree.
You really seem to love pizza.
You know Tom really likes you.
You guys will be there, right?
What's the title of that book?
We're three hours from Boston.
We're on the same team, right?
We're not leaving without you.
We're not certain of that yet.
We're going to leave tomorrow.
We'll be there in three hours.
We need at least another hour.
We have less than three hours.
We both have the same problem.
Tom went deeper into the cave.
Tom watched the children play.
Tom was bored out of his mind.
Tom walked towards the stairs.
Tom walked through the market.
Tom thinks very highly of you.
Tom speaks very highly of you.
Tom seems to have disappeared.
Tom seems happier than before.
Tom seemed to know everything.
Tom seemed a little surprised.
Tom pushed one of the buttons.
Tom must've forgotten his key.
Tom looked through the window.
Tom knew better than to argue.
Tom isn't a young guy anymore.
Tom is younger than you think.
Tom is stronger than he looks.
Tom is really good at his job.
Tom is not my favorite person.
Tom is actually almost thirty.
Tom is a little older than me.
Tom has three younger sisters.
Tom had some interesting news.
They're both wearing uniforms.
There's a time for everything.
That's my umbrella, not Tom's.
It's never too late to change.
It was Tom's fault, not yours.
Is that really what you think?
I'm used to this cold weather.
I'm sorry I can't go with you.
I'm seeing Tom this afternoon.
I'm not the least bit worried.
I'm afraid Tom might get hurt.
I'm about the same age as you.
I'll leave when Tom gets here.
I'll keep your advice in mind.
I'll come back this afternoon.
I usually try to travel light.
I don't like what you've done.
I can't get in touch with Tom.
I can't bear the pain anymore.
Do you know what Tom is up to?
Are you traveling by yourself?
You're very rich, aren't you?
You're usually so optimistic.
You're twice as strong as me.
You're about my age, I think.
You're a really bad listener.
You'll miss me when I'm gone.
You seem a little distracted.
You must be absolutely quiet.
You know more than you think.
You have a really nice voice.
You have a really nice place.
You can't swim well, can you?
We're prepared for the worst.
We're not ready to order yet.
We're happy to see you again.
We're crazy about each other.
We're both in the same class.
We'll get married in October.
We'll accept your conditions.
We have somewhere else to go.
We both know Tom is innocent.
Tom will be here in a moment.
Tom was always a quiet child.
Tom walked towards his house.
Tom walked across the bridge.
Tom turned off his desk lamp.
Tom sold it to somebody else.
Tom seems to be in some pain.
Tom seems a little dangerous.
Tom quickly put out the fire.
Tom isn't as young as we are.
Tom is resting at the moment.
Tom is heavier than he looks.
Tom is from Boston, isn't he?
Tom is a very quiet neighbor.
Tom is a really bad roommate.
Tom has more money than Mary.
Tom had nothing else to lose.
Tom didn't really understand.
Tom can't be older than Mary.
This umbrella belongs to Tom.
They're talking about sports.
They all look the same to me.
There's no question about it.
There's a park near my house.
It's rude to stare at people.
It's rude to point at people.
It's really hot this morning.
It's not like Tom to be late.
It's no use trying to escape.
It's likely to rain tomorrow.
It's a privilege to meet you.
Is this absolutely necessary?
I'm the tallest in our class.
I'm pleased with the results.
I'm going to major in French.
I'm going abroad next summer.
I'm a teacher, not a student.
I'll give Tom another chance.
I won't allow you to do that.
I have a really bad hangover.
I can't read without glasses.
Do you actually believe that?
Are you guys having problems?
You're stronger than Tom is.
You're no younger than I am.
You're busy now, aren't you?
You're better than they are.
You're a really good kisser.
You'd be crazy to leave now.
You seem to know everything.
You seem a little desperate.
You seem a little depressed.
You guys must be having fun.
You and Tom belong together.
Whatever you do, don't move.
What's Tom's brother's name?
What's Tom so curious about?
What Tom said can't be true.
What really happened to Tom?
We're running short of food.
We're not selling our house.
We're both on the same side.
We were the first to arrive.
Tom will never believe that.
Tom will be here in a while.
Tom walked towards the door.
Tom walked across the field.
Tom taught Mary how to read.
Tom suddenly got very angry.
Tom seems to have recovered.
Tom seems surprisingly calm.
Tom seems a little hesitant.
Tom seems a little confused.
Tom really was very helpful.
Tom quickly opened the door.
Tom quickly closed the door.
Tom is young and idealistic.
Tom is now truly on his own.
Tom is a really nice person.
Tom is a really good person.
Tom climbed down the ladder.
This is a really nice watch.
They're not my real parents.
They're both older than you.
They aren't my real parents.
There's something in my eye.
There's not much paper left.
There's no one in the house.
That's not possible anymore.
That's not important, is it?
That was my idea, not Tom's.
It's too late to go out now.
It's cheaper to go by train.
I'm meeting Tom next Monday.
I'm in Boston all this week.
I'm having a very hard time.
I'm going to leave tomorrow.
I'll do it as soon as I can.
I'll be with you right away.
I'll be free this afternoon.
I'll be busy this afternoon.
Do you have a favorite song?
Do you guys know each other?
Did you really believe that?
Are you guys really cousins?
Are you absolutely positive?
You're wanted on the phone.
You're the reason I'm here.
You're safer where you are.
You're really good at this.
You're really good at that.
You're not coming, are you?
You're mistaken about that.
You're an interesting girl.
You're a little overweight.
You were late this morning.
You should've known better.
You seem a little stressed.
You seem a little frazzled.
You really know your stuff.
You must never forget that.
You have no sick days left.
You guys have to leave now.
What's the meaning of this?
We're going to have a baby.
We're better than they are.
We painted the walls white.
We must be absolutely sure.
We both know what happened.
We both have the same name.
Tom will be driving my car.
Tom walked across the room.
Tom seems to be in a hurry.
Tom seems a little worried.
Tom really wants your help.
Tom really needs your help.
Tom really knows his stuff.
Tom really is good at this.
Tom is older than he looks.
Tom is in really bad shape.
Tom is bigger than you are.
Tom is a really bad singer.
Tom is a really bad driver.
Tom has nothing else to do.
Tom climbed out of his car.
Tom can't be older than me.
They're willing to help us.
There's nothing to do here.
There's a leak in the roof.
That's out of the question.
Nothing will happen to you.
It's windy today, isn't it?
It's not worth the trouble.
It's not that weird, is it?
It's nice to see you again.
It's kind of hot, isn't it?
It's impossible to do that.
It's a pity you can't come.
It was my fault, not Tom's.
It was my error, not Tom's.
It isn't worth the trouble.
I'm sorry I can't help you.
I'm running short of money.
I'm not very good at chess.
I'm not interested in this.
I'm not certain about that.
I'm going to see Tom today.
I'm going out this evening.
I'll be busy all afternoon.
I have more money than Tom.
I had a very strange dream.
I can't run as fast as Tom.
I can't eat anything today.
Do you really believe this?
Do you guys need some help?
You're safe here with me.
You're on the wrong train.
You're from Boston, right?
You're deceiving yourself.
You're absolutely correct.
You're a very sick person.
You're a very pretty girl.
You're a very good singer.
You're a very good artist.
You were absolutely right.
You seem a little nervous.
You guys are the greatest.
You guys are really sweet.
What's Tom so happy about?
What's Tom so angry about?
What's all the fuss about?
We've known Tom for years.
We've actually met before.
We're really good friends.
We're next-door neighbors.
We'll meet in three hours.
We'll continue this later.
We had a really good talk.
We are short of time, Tom.
We all worked really hard.
Tom will know what to say.
Tom was a really nice guy.
Tom seems to be all right.
Tom seemed really sincere.
Tom never really liked me.
Tom is stronger than Mary.
Tom is really very gentle.
Tom is a police detective.
Tom hurried to the window.
Tom heard a strange noise.
This door can't be locked.
They live next door to us.
There's a message for you.
There's a map on the wall.
That's not unusual, is it?
That's no longer possible.
That wasn't our agreement.
Surely that's unnecessary.
Mary isn't really my type.
It's not that interesting.
It's not Christmas, is it?
It's getting dark outside.
I'm sure Tom will succeed.
I'm really good at my job.
I'm not much of a swimmer.
I'm not happy with my job.
I'm not carrying any cash.
I'm never free on Mondays.
I'm at home every evening.
I'm almost as tall as Tom.
I'm a fairly fast swimmer.
I'll tell Tom what I know.
I'll never change my mind.
I'll look into the matter.
I'll do what I need to do.
I'll do anything but that.
I can't fix this computer.
Do you guys need anything?
You're stronger than Tom.
You're a really bad liar.
You're a really bad cook.
You must really be tired.
You must really be bored.
You must be really proud.
You have to at least try.
You guys need each other.
You guys are so immature.
What's Tom worried about?
We'll discuss that later.
We really need your help.
Tom speaks highly of you.
Tom sold his car to Mary.
Tom seems to be in agony.
Tom seems a little tense.
Tom seems a little drunk.
Tom seems a little bored.
Tom really wants to help.
Tom never forgets a face.
Tom needs more than that.
Tom is younger than Mary.
Tom is young and healthy.
Tom is selling his house.
Tom is really very smart.
Tom is really good at it.
Tom is on the short list.
Tom is arriving tomorrow.
Tom hurried out the door.
Tom can't ride a bicycle.
Tom can't be over thirty.
This is not satisfactory.
They're willing to do it.
They're not coming today.
They're building a house.
They both started laughing.
They aren't coming today.
That's worth considering.
That's not your decision.
That's not a coincidence.
Mary really is beautiful.
It's still light outside.
It's not that ridiculous.
It's not that noticeable.
It's not that bad, is it?
It's not our anniversary.
It's not my fault, is it?
It's nice and warm today.
It's nice and cool today.
It's likely to rain soon.
It's hard to lose weight.
Is Tom really a Canadian?
Is this really necessary?
I'm bored out of my mind.
I'll do anything you ask.
I'll be at home tomorrow.
I won't be free tomorrow.
I won't be busy tomorrow.
I won't attend the party.
I really missed you guys.
I can't get this lid off.
Are you really not going?
You're such a hypocrite.
You're really very good.
You're on the wrong bus.
You're lost, aren't you?
You're completely wrong.
You're absolutely wrong.
You're a true gentleman.
You'll be busy tomorrow.
You seemed really upset.
You seem a little tense.
You really are pathetic.
What's your nationality?
We're worried about Tom.
We're sick of your lies.
We're moving next month.
We're in the same class.
We'll have a lot of fun.
We won't be intimidated.
Tom, is that really you?
Tom will meet you there.
Tom was such a good kid.
Tom was crazy about you.
Tom taught Mary to read.
Tom put the car in park.
Tom is washing his hair.
Tom is really very nice.
Tom is really very good.
Tom is really angry now.
Tom is highly qualified.
Tom is drunk as a skunk.
Tom handed Mary a towel.
They're both very smart.
There's plenty of water.
There's no time to lose.
There's no school today.
That's really good news.
That's not my signature.
So what really happened?
It's wrong to tell lies.
It's still dark outside.
It's not that difficult.
I'm the same age as Tom.
I'm taking tomorrow off.
I'm really disappointed.
I'm now learning French.
I'm not as young as Tom.
I'm free this afternoon.
Have you ever had a pet?
Have we ever met before?
Do you really need that?
Are you really a doctor?
Are you having problems?
Are you absolutely sure?
You're very courageous.
You're such a bad liar.
You're quicker than me.
You're probably right.
You're both very lucky.
You're as tall as I am.
You're a good customer.
You'll never defeat us.
You'll never defeat me.
You'll help, won't you?
You'll be safe with me.
You'd be crazy to stay.
You seemed preoccupied.
You seem to understand.
You seem to know a lot.
You seem a little sore.
You guys look so happy.
You guys are so boring.
You guys are my heroes.
You guys are hilarious.
You forgot my birthday.
What's Tom's wife like?
What's Tom's nationality?
What's Tom angry about?
We're both out of luck.
We're all in agreement.
We're all going to die.
We'll be together soon.
We'll be there shortly.
We never really talked.
We need more than that.
We can't both be right.
We both need more time.
We both knew the risks.
We both can't be right.
Tom sang Mary to sleep.
Tom said no such thing.
Tom is young and naive.
Tom is such a nice guy.
Tom is really weak now.
Tom is really gullible.
Tom is older than that.
Tom crossed the bridge.
Tom can't be relied on.
This was not our fault.
They're both unmarried.
They won't believe you.
These all belong to me.
There's plenty of food.
There's a page missing.
That's not my decision.
That's not fair, is it?
It's pretty warm today.
It's pretty cold today.
It's not so cold today.
It's a serious problem.
It isn't so cold today.
It doesn't matter, Tom.
I'm not good at sports.
I'm not as tall as Tom.
I'm not as busy as Tom.
I'll try to do my best.
I'll see Tom next week.
I'll help Tom tomorrow.
I'll explain it to Tom.
Have you guys ever met?
Do you need assistance?
Did you really like it?
Are you guys really OK?
You'll be better soon.
You were really great.
You seem to be better.
You really are strong.
You really are a jerk.
You guys are the best.
You guys are pathetic.
You guys are geniuses.
We're not through yet.
We're not really sure.
We're better than you.
We're a perfect match.
We'll be back by 2:30.
We seem to be trapped.
We never actually met.
Tom must be desperate.
Tom is out sick today.
Tom is older than you.
Tom is better than us.
Tom can't drive a car.
Tom belongs in prison.
This was not the deal.
This is not necessary.
This is not a mistake.
They're my classmates.
That's very expensive.
That's Tom's umbrella.
That's quite possible.
That's not my opinion.
That's almost correct.
Let's travel together.
Let's sing some songs.
It's quite warm today.
It's not that strange.
It's not so hot today.
It's not an emergency.
It isn't so hot today.
I'm too tired to help.
I'm in charge of that.
I'm aware of the fact.
I'm afraid it'll rain.
I'll pay you tomorrow.
I'll be here tomorrow.
I'll ask Tom tomorrow.
I can't come tomorrow.
Have you ever met Tom?
You're such an idiot.
You're really clumsy.
You're a true friend.
You will be punished.
You guys are amazing.
You forgot your coat.
What's Tom up to now?
What's this used for?
What's the next stop?
What's our situation?
We really missed you.
We really have to go.
Tom seems to be fine.
Tom really needs you.
Tom is on sick leave.
Tom is a strange kid.
Tom climbed the tree.
This is really great.
They're the same age.
They're both artists.
They'll be here soon.
There's no salt left.
There's no milk left.
There's no food left.
It's under the chair.
It's too cold for me.
It's not my decision.
It's not my birthday.
It's me that's wrong.
It isn't raining now.
I'm totally confused.
I'm shorter than you.
I'm not good at math.
I'm not coming today.
I'm glad to help you.
I'm as strong as you.
I'll miss this place.
I'll call back later.
I'll be back by 2:30.
I feel a little sore.
You're very patient.
You're really weird.
You're confusing me.
You're always wrong.
You will need a key.
You were both drunk.
You taught him well.
You really are good.
You have soft hands.
You guys were right.
You guys were great.
You guys have to go.
You guys are idiots.
You could sell that.
What's your address?
What's this made of?
What's it all about?
What else can we do?
We're out of danger.
We're not criminals.
We'll come together.
Tom is between jobs.
They're vegetarians.
That's not your job.
It's wrong to steal.
It's very cold here.
It's too hot for me.
It's not on the map.
It's not my concern.
It's not cold today.
It's in the kitchen.
I'm willing to help.
I'm taller than Tom.
I'm not from Boston.
I'm leaving at 2:30.
I'm glad I met you.
I'm free until 2:30.
I'm extremely tired.
I'll never hurt you.
I'll find it myself.
Don't be frightened.
You're such a snob.
You're such a brat.
You're so immature.
You're really fast.
You're really cute.
You're always late.
You're a true hero.
You're a good cook.
You'll regret this.
You guys are wrong.
You guys are weird.
You guys are sweet.
You guys are right.
You guys are lucky.
You guys are great.
You guys are crazy.
You belong with us.
What's your number?
What's our problem?
What's for dessert?
We're through here.
We won't surrender.
We really need you.
We could sell that.
We are really late.
Tom seems to agree.
Tom is such a hunk.
Tom is drunk again.
They're all hungry.
It's under the bed.
It's not that nice.
I'm a teacher, too.
I can't lie to Tom.
You're my friends.
You need a friend.
You guys are nuts.
You guys are late.
You guys are good.
You guys are fast.
What's Tom eating?
We're not worried.
We'll do our best.
We must hurry now.
We both need this.
Tom travels a lot.
They're all happy.
They're all alike.
They aren't happy.
That's surprising.
That's intriguing.
It's cold outside.
I'm in Boston now.
Are you really OK?
Are you bored yet?
You seem baffled.
You seem anxious.
You must sell it.
We both love Tom.
We both hate Tom.
Tom, hurry it up.
They're well off.
They're teachers.
It's windy today.
It's snowing now.
It's raining now.
It's clearing up.
It can't be done.
Is Tom really OK?
I'm very unhappy.
I'm right-handed.
I'm coming today.
I'm a lonely man.
You're blushing.
What's our plan?
Tom seems angry.
Tom can't drive.
That's not safe.
That isn't safe.
It's very short.
I'm out of work.
I'm out of time.
I'm on duty now.
I'm now on duty.
I'm getting fat.
It's not blood.
I'm busy today.
I'm a bachelor.
Tom, hurry up.
That's my dog.
You're early.
I'm homesick.
It's warm.
I'm warm.
Chopin is my favorite composer.
Let's listen to some Chopin.
You're getting worse.
Yes, the apple is red.
Tom really likes Chopin.
Do you speak Irish?
Thanks and good night!
Yes, you need glasses.
Please don't do it.
Thanks! I'll see you soon!
I'm Irish.
I speak Irish.
I don't speak Irish.
Agreed, see you later.
I think it might be a glitch.
You are going to play a trick on Liisa? Count me out!
In honour of the day Liisa and Markku cracked a bottle of champagne together.
It was wrong to take his words at their face value.
I hadn't been paying much attention to what the speaker was saying, but suddenly his words made me sit up and take notice.
Liisa and Markku are entirely different in temperament and constantly at sixes and sevens.
Markku made eyes at Liisa.
I'm a bad person.
This game is easy.
The fitting room is occupied.
It's three o'clock.
It's four o'clock.
It's six o'clock.
It's eight o'clock.
It's nine o'clock.
It's eleven o'clock.
It's twelve o'clock.
I can't come because I'm in London.
I have a big house.
I have a blue house.
I have a red house.
I have a green house.
Eimear has a green house.
Caoimhe has a big dog.
The white cat is under the tree.
I'm under the tree.
Irish is a beautiful language.
And not a single person went.
Look at my ad in the upper right hand corner.
I miss you guys so much!
I have two sons.
I'm fine, and you?
I want to go to school.
We have painted the walls white.
We've painted the walls white.
I didn't want to annoy you.
What I need is a friend.
In Western cultures we associate life after death with the heavens, while Polynesians believe that our life continues in the depths of the ocean.
It's been three years since my younger sister got married.
It's been three years since my father died.
It's been twenty years since they got married.
It's been more than ten years since we came to live here.
It's been ten years since my grandfather died.
It's been ten years since I came to live in Shizuoka.
It's been forty years since I began to study Japanese.
It's been six years since I started to study English.
It's already been ten years since we got married.
It's already been five years since we began to study English.
It's been five years since we moved here.
It's been ten years since I last saw her.
It's been ten years since I came to Tokyo.
It's been ten years since I left college.
It's been more than five years since I last saw him.
It's been two years since I came here.
It's been ten years since I came to live here.
It's been five years since that book was made into a movie.
It's been five years since they came to Japan.
It's been three years since he died.
It's been two years since he went Hawaii.
It's been ten years since he came to Japan.
It's been ten years since I came to Japan.
Thanks for the tip.
We want a woman who's good at cooking.
The next time you enjoy filet mignon at the club, send word to the chef that it was excellently prepared, and when a tired salesperson shows you unusual courtesy, please mention it.
Both of my parents are still living.
The trip will take about five hours.
The trip will take approximately five hours.
I'll take care of your kitten while you're away.
I visited him in the hospital.
Apparently, people will never know the answer to this question, no matter how much they may try to.
Even I started small. Today, the largest trade chain in Austria belongs to me.
People crowd around the light, not to see better, but rather to shine better.
Upon entering the room, she fell down.
Skiing is fun.
Studying is important.
Have you vomited yet?
I have not vomited yet and I feel nauseous.
Yes, I have a stomach ache.
Will I need a prescription?
Can I go to school?
He began.
We got up.
They went out.
They got up.
What was all the shooting?
My friend did that when he went there.
He used to go to school by bicycle, but now he goes by bus.
I never made a mistake.
You should stay home and rest for a few days.
What did they reply?
What did you reply?
What did he reply?
What did she reply?
He is not a man to be trifled with.
I am afraid you are wrong.
I didn't catch the last word.
It is a good idea.
It is new to me.
Let us hope for the best.
Say it again, please.
That's where the trouble lies.
What is the matter?
It's a lot of fun skiing in fresh snow.
Skiing in fresh snow is a lot of fun.
What did Tom reply?
How did Tom reply?
Tom was dressed in black and wore a black ski mask.
Tom won't be skiing with us, will he?
Tom had a skiing accident.
I've never been skiing.
Tom has never been skiing.
Tom was carrying a pair of cross-country skis that he'd borrowed from Mary's husband.
Tom often wears a knit ski cap in the winter.
Tom was the one who taught me how to water ski.
Tom's father is taking Tom and me skiing next weekend.
I didn't know Tom was going skiing with you.
Tom is going on a ski trip next weekend.
Tom took off his ski boots and put on a pair of slippers.
Tom told me he was good at water skiing.
Tom couldn't get to the ski area because the roads were closed.
Tom had two pairs of skis tied to the roof of his car.
I've never been skiing before.
Have you seen the website for the ski resort we went to last week?
I've been a ski instructor for three years.
Are you on the road again?
You party like there is no tomorrow.
We should be back on the road soon.
Our band's been on the road for three months.
You should take your act on the road.
Tom told me he was going to be on the road until next Monday.
I've been on the road since 2:this morning.
It feels good to be back on the road again.
I didn't recognize Tom when I passed him on the road today.
You should keep your eyes on the road, Tom.
Tom found out that life on the road wasn't as easy as he thought it would be.
Tom discovered that life on the road wasn't as easy as he thought it would be.
My father quit smoking.
Tom told me what I should say.
I kinda have my doubts whether this shop will ever pay its way.
I am going to lower the curtain.
I am going to give up smoking.
Hello, I'm Halil.
I am going to fell the palm tree.
I am going to bark like a dog.
I am going to shoot down enemy aircraft.
I am going to summarize my speech.
I am going to water the horse.
I am going to be absent.
I am going to speed up the video.
It rained heavily, so the playground is muddy.
We've had a heavy rain, so the playground is muddy.
Lack of flexibility is an obstacle to progress.
He tries to make sure he doesn't fall behind his classmates.
He struggled to keep up with his classmates.
Someone kicked my back.
Someone kicked me in the back.
He arrived from Australia a year ago.
He peels the potatoes and divides them into pieces.
I am going to buy a beer.
My wristwatch is running a bit too fast.
I am inclined to follow his advice.
Tom is a highly sensitive person.
The city of Mako was a centre for the cultivation of onions.
He won the race with ease.
She is poisoned.
It cost me a fortune.
They are afraid of the gods.
We have known each other for a long time.
He had to look after Mary.
Tom looked after Mary while her parents were out shopping.
I wonder why no one tells the truth.
I would like an apple.
Can he do whatever he wants?
I'd rather not go out today.
The thieves made off with a sculpture with an estimated worth of half a million euros.
What's the difference between a village and a city?
I can only work on Fridays, Saturdays, and Sundays.
I read three kinds of newspapers in order to keep abreast of the times.
He tries to keep up with his classmates.
The weather cleared up, so he went out for a walk.
The weather having cleared up, he went out for a walk.
The weather clearing up, he went out for a walk.
This system has a built-in protection circuit.
We have a cat, and we all adore him.
Many different types of flowers were in bloom in the garden.
That's nice. How about inviting John and Mary?
And this is the record of John, when the Jews sent priests and Levites from Jerusalem to ask him, Who art thou?
The garden was overgrown with weeds.
He has plenty of qualities.
He has many talents.
His alibi seemed perfect.
Tom has a lot of good qualities.
I'm able to speak Spanish.
She's the most beautiful woman in the whole world.
Tom has the best coin collection I've ever seen.
I think Mary is the most beautiful woman I've ever seen.
That doesn't look like anything I've ever seen.
Tom is the best dancer I've ever seen.
This is the worst case of the measles I've ever seen.
I think that was the best movie I've ever seen.
That's the strangest thing I've ever seen.
That's the ugliest thing I've ever seen.
That was the worst movie I've ever seen.
This is the best fake ID I've ever seen.
This is an interesting movie so far.
We're doing fine so far.
We're doing OK so far.
I've sold thirty tickets so far.
You've been right so far.
You've been lucky so far.
I'm not impressed with anything I've seen so far.
You've done good work so far.
You're doing a good job so far.
So far, we only have three volunteers.
I haven't liked anything I've seen so far.
Well, you haven't done much so far.
That's all I've been able to find out so far.
Everything's gone pretty good so far.
So far, nobody's laughed at any of Tom's jokes.
I like what I've seen so far.
We've received just over 3,dollars in donations so far.
I don't like any of the babysitters we've interviewed so far.
Gaining too much weight is not good for your health.
She's going to be tickled pink to find you here.
They had a child.
This cat knocked over the can of canned fish so that it could eat it.
Some people consider Led Zeppelin the greatest band ever.
His words and actions don't match.
The score stood four to two, with but one inning more to play.
There was ease in Casey's manner as he stepped into his place; there was pride in Casey's bearing and a smile on Casey's face.
Ten thousand eyes were on him as he rubbed his hands with dirt.
"That ain't my style," said Casey.
I have worked in this factory.
"Kill him! Kill the umpire!" shouted someone on the stand.
You have to reply to the letter.
They saw his face grow stern and cold, they saw his muscles strain, and they knew that Casey wouldn't let that ball go by again.
You must leave for Nagoya now.
Matt Leinart will start for the Buffalo Bills tonight.
American bombers attacked Japan's largest cities with napalm.
It was nothing short of wonderful.
I have two sons. One is in Tokyo and the other is in Nagoya.
How many squares can you see?
In our French and German classes, our teacher, who hailed from England, said, "How do you expect to learn a foreign language if you don't know the grammar of your own!"
Children love cake.
We will proceed with the hearing on Wednesday fortnight.
"You might come to our garden party on Wednesday fortnight." "Quite impossible," Arthur Berkeley answered.
He was arrested for misappropriating public funds.
What is Tom eating?
To think that men are superior to women or that women are superior to men is not just stupid, it's also ridiculous.
It's dangerous to mix these substances.
Smoking is prohibited.
For the law was given by Moses, but grace and truth came by Jesus Christ.
This film is a masterpiece.
That animal is a carnivore.
Do you think it's impossible to finish this by five o'clock?
The settlers built their homes along the river.
Despite her meagre salary, she works very hard.
The boys are all the same age.
The door was closed for all eternity.
The truth may be a great deal murkier.
I'm eating a pineapple.
I saw an albino squirrel today.
I saw two guys kissing each other in the hallway.
Tom has fallen from grace.
She had never kissed a boy before.
We must toast.
You must eat your toast.
I looked into his eyes.
I'm not sure it's the right decision.
Click here to skip this ad.
Come on, give me a kiss.
I don't understand. Why do you hang out with her all the time?
I don't know what you're talking about!
No, I don't! I don't know what you're talking about!
I turned off my phone.
He was partially clothed.
I'm Thai.
He kissed every pretty girl at the party.
He kissed another girl when he was drunk.
We can still be friends.
This song contains degrading lyrics about women.
The cat is inside the box.
Be careful. The cat is inside the box.
Tom asked us to follow him.
This house needs a feminine touch.
I saw two girls kissing.
Surfing was fun.
They made a striking couple.
I'm not going to kiss you, Tom.
We went for our walk and held hands.
Why did you kiss him?
He slammed the door behind him.
She sat in front of her laptop in her pajamas.
This is very confusing.
You cannot have your cake and eat it out.
She wants a large house and a big car.
Pickup trucks are popular in North America, but not in Europe.
Should I let him kiss me?
He has a beautiful young wife.
I love to cook risotto.
Tom loves risotto.
The donkey was browsing quietly.
She thinks that European cars are better than American cars.
Please stop singing!
I'm trying to be happy.
These benches are mine.
The traffic laws are only a suggestion in this country.
Sorry, I have to study.
They didn't pay me.
This is very important. Yet no one talks about it.
Please let me know how you get on.
Not everybody wins!
Everybody wins!
He owns a private jet.
I hope you are more successful next time.
Tom got his nipples pierced.
Girls performed as well as boys on the math test.
The box was nailed shut.
No one really cares.
It was the best time of my life.
These were the best years of my life.
Tom has lost his motivation to work.
They started drinking vodka. And I'm not sure when they stopped.
Drinking alcohol during pregnancy can cause birth defects.
Don't drink on an empty stomach.
Don't leave your drink unattended.
Don't mix energy drinks with alcohol.
They were shocked.
The workers went on strike.
Tom bought an expensive sports car.
Tom and Mary were both shocked by what John did.
Tom was shocked when he saw Mary kissing John.
December 24th is Christmas Eve.
February 14th is Valentine's Day.
Trespassers will be shot.
Trespassers will be prosecuted.
This magic crystal will help eliminate negative vibrations.
You need to have a heart-to-heart talk with Tom.
Come on, tell him!
Come on, tell her!
Come on, tell me!
The future is unknowable.
Do we have time?
He is seldom home.
I can't remember the last time I took a vacation.
I should have known better.
I should've known you couldn't be trusted.
We should've planned for this.
Tom should've kissed Mary when he had the chance.
I should've listened to Tom more closely.
You should've stayed where you belonged.
I think Tom should've stayed in Boston.
You should've phoned me right away.
I should've stayed at home today.
You should've stayed in the hospital.
You should've stayed away from Tom.
We should've started this earlier.
I should've known it was a scam.
You should've gotten up earlier.
You should've never interfered.
You should've phoned.
We should've stayed till the end of the party.
We should've both stayed awake.
Tom should've listened to you.
You really should've gone by yourself.
We should've stayed with Tom.
You should've reported that to the police.
Tom should've protected Mary.
You should've taken better care of your bicycle.
Tom should've told us about this.
You should've said yes.
Tom should've said no.
You should've notified us.
You should've seen us dancing together.
We should've known Tom would be late.
You should've come with us.
We should've heard from Tom by now.
We probably should've talked about this before now.
We should've realized that Tom needed our help.
I should've known not to trust you.
I should've known better than to trust you again.
You should've trusted me.
You should've warned me.
You should've warned me that this was going to happen.
You should've left when you had the chance.
Tom should've given Mary flowers or something on Valentine's Day.
Keep calm and carry on.
I should've known that you wouldn't be willing to go there by yourself.
You should've helped Tom carry his suitcases.
I should've listened to Tom instead of Mary.
Maybe we should've peeled the apples before we ate them.
I should've known Tom had something to do with it.
I'm sorry. I should've delivered this yesterday.
Tom should've hired a better lawyer.
You never should've gone there by yourself.
You should've come here earlier.
You should've never come here.
I should've quit smoking a long time ago.
The windows should've already been washed.
The plan is often easier than the implementation.
You should've phoned me.
You should've called me.
Tom should've let his children come camping with us.
You never should've let Tom go to Boston with Mary.
I should've never let Tom go swimming by himself.
Tom never should've let Mary out of his sight.
We should've let the police handle the problem.
You should've let Tom do what he wanted to do.
You should've done it yourself.
I guess I should've warned you about Tom.
I should've tried to prevent this from happening.
You should've declined the invitation.
I should've known better than to use Tom's bicycle without permission.
You should've left while you had the chance.
You never should've left your husband.
I should have taken the blue pill.
"I should have used a condom," lamented Tom.
I should have used a condom.
I shouldn't have kissed him.
You should've kept your mouth shut.
Maybe you should've thought of that before you did what you did.
We should've thought of this before.
I should've just given Tom what he wanted.
Don't get us confused.
Don't get me confused.
Don't get her confused.
Don't get him confused.
Don't get them confused.
Don't get everybody confused.
I've woken up and I intend to prepare my breakfast.
I should've been on the first train this morning, but I overslept.
I should've been the one to tell Tom about what happened to Mary.
I should've hit Tom while I had the chance.
I should've left the gun where I found it.
I should've said something before, but I was afraid you'd get angry.
Tom never should've told Mary that he loved her.
I suppose I should've been able to do something to help.
I suppose I should've been happy.
Tom should've been home from school hours ago.
What time does the market open?
We should've made Tom stay in school.
You should've been paying attention.
You should've been with us.
How many times a day do you feed your dog?
How many times a day should you feed a dog?
You should've been a farmer.
You really should've been more clear about what you wanted.
You wake up at o'clock every morning.
He lived in Azerbaijan for years.
I live in Azerbaijan.
I live in Baku.
Baku is the capital of Azerbaijan.
Ganja is one of the biggest cities in Azerbaijan.
I speak Azerbaijani.
This is a very interesting story.
They went to the hospital.
They will go to the hospital.
The doctors are examining my stomach.
That is a very interesting story.
Tom just never should've done that.
I think we should've left ten minutes ago.
Tom should've been back by now.
We should've left earlier.
You should've made better use of your time.
You should've been there.
You should've come by train.
Tom should've known that we'd be here today.
You should've seen this place before I started cleaning it up.
This new plan may bring a lasting peace.
I should've taken an umbrella with me.
Is Brigitte your friend?
I should've worn a coat.
I should've just stayed home and read a book.
I should've told you not to come back here.
Don't take longer than you need to and come back home quickly.
I should've told you that you didn't need to buy any more sugar.
I guess I should've told Tom I was coming.
I crushed my enemies.
You crushed your enemies.
He crushed his enemies.
She crushed her enemies.
Tom crushed his enemies.
Mary crushed her enemies.
We crushed our enemies.
They crushed their enemies.
They'll make a new mistake.
I am threshing wheat.
You are threshing wheat.
He is threshing wheat.
Tom is threshing wheat.
She is threshing wheat.
It's always a pleasure.
Mary is threshing wheat.
We are threshing wheat.
They are threshing wheat.
It has turned into a fashion now.
I milked the cow.
You milked the cow.
He milked the cow.
She milked the cow.
Mary milked the cow.
We milked the cow.
They milked the cow.
Tom was the one who taught Mary how to milk a cow.
I will harvest my wheat in July.
You will harvest your wheat in July.
He will harvest his wheat in July.
Tom will harvest his wheat in July.
She will harvest her wheat in July.
Mary will harvest her wheat in July.
We will harvest our wheat in July.
They will harvest their wheat in July.
You should've told us the truth.
You should've told the truth.
You should've told Tom how you felt.
I should've told you sooner.
You really should've told Tom that he didn't have to come.
You really should've told Tom not to come.
I sowed my field with barley.
You sowed your field with barley.
He sowed his field with barley.
Tom sowed his field with barley.
She sowed her field with barley.
Mary sowed her field with barley.
Your sweater is inside out.
We sowed our field with barley.
Happy birthday, Aiba!
They sowed their field with barley.
Count your blessings, not your flaws.
The old man approached.
My father went to China.
You can rely on Jack.
All old people need someone to talk to.
Parker greeted him with a smile.
The king rules over the country.
Men are physically stronger than women.
I cut down a cherry tree.
Men are stronger than women.
You cut down a cherry tree.
Tom cut down a cherry tree.
Her husband is one of my friends.
Hello. I'm Nancy.
She cut down a cherry tree.
Mary cut down a cherry tree.
Hello. My name is Ogawa.
We cut down a cherry tree.
I thought that perhaps beauty wasn't so beautiful.
They cut down a cherry tree.
I rushed to turn on the TV so I wouldn't miss that game.
You chopped a tree down.
He chopped a tree down.
Tom chopped a tree down.
The king rules over his subjects.
She chopped a tree down.
Mary chopped a tree down.
We chopped a tree down.
My mother wasn't a good mother.
They chopped a tree down.
I chopped down the branch with an ax.
You chopped down the branch with an ax.
Tom chopped down the branch with an ax.
She chopped down the branch with an ax.
Mary chopped down the branch with an ax.
We chopped down the branch with axes.
What is a good life?
They chopped down the branch with axes.
I've never seen someone have such a good life, despite all the struggles he had.
This machine is idling.
But, I don't understand this very well.
I chopped some onions.
You chopped some onions.
He chopped some onions.
She chopped some onions.
Mary chopped some onions.
We chopped some onions.
They chopped some onions.
Is this edible?
Everyone must memorize these words.
I chopped off the chicken's head.
Butterflies live for three days.
You chopped off the chicken's head.
Others are hell.
Hell is other people.
He chopped off the chicken's head.
She chopped off the chicken's head.
It's a peacock. It was a peacock that cried just now.
Mary chopped off the chicken's head.
We chopped off the chicken's head.
They chopped off the chicken's head.
He's watching TV.
He wanted to get my phone number.
Who are you and why do you have my phone number?
You like to chop wood.
He likes to chop wood.
Tom likes to chop wood.
She likes to chop wood.
Mary likes to chop wood.
He's always at odds with his boss.
We like to chop wood.
They like to chop wood.
Why are you crying, my beloved?
I chop wood every day.
My surname is Wan.
You chop wood every day, don't you?
He chops wood every day.
Tom chops wood every day.
She chops wood every day.
Mary chops wood every day.
We chop wood every day.
They chop wood every day.
I sowed wheat in my field.
When you're in show business for long, the number of people who can teach you something decreases every year.
You sowed wheat in your field.
He sowed wheat in his field.
She sowed wheat in her field.
Tom sowed wheat in his field.
Mary sowed wheat in her field.
We sowed wheat in our field.
They sowed wheat in their field.
You both chop wood every day, don't you?
All three of you chop wood every day, don't you?
They're strangely close for two guys, don't you think?
It started raining, so I took shelter under my friend's umbrella.
"Yes, I was listening," replied Jordan.
You plowed the field, didn't you?
If you go around eight, you might meet him.
He plowed the field.
Tom plowed the field.
She plowed the field.
Mary plowed the field.
We plowed the field.
They plowed the field.
As is quite common for teenagers aged from to 19, she's conceited.
As is quite common for teenagers aged from to 19, she's vain.
As is quite common for teenagers aged from to 19, she's full of herself.
Men always walk in front of women in this country.
I haven't found a single picture which showed her without a smile.
"I want to climb this tree," said the boy.
I am watering the garden.
You are watering the garden, aren't you?
He is watering the garden.
His wife locked him out the house.
She is watering the garden.
Mary is watering the garden.
We are watering the garden.
They are watering the garden.
I watered my horse.
You watered your horse, didn't you?
He watered his horse.
Tom watered his horse.
She watered her horse.
Mary watered her horse.
We watered our horse.
I should've done it when I had the chance.
Coming to school in your pajamas, how lazy!
I should've done this a long time ago.
We should've done this much sooner.
You never should've done that.
They watered their horse.
I'm sure we should've turned left back there.
I never should've brought you here.
I am shearing the sheep.
You are shearing the sheep, aren't you?
He is shearing the sheep.
She is shearing the sheep.
Mary is shearing the sheep.
We are shearing the sheep.
We should've brought a flashlight.
They are shearing the sheep.
You should've heard Tom sing. He was really good.
You should've heard me. I shouted as loud as I could.
You should've let us know you were coming.
I am weaving a carpet.
He wants to be reincarnated as a bird.
You are weaving a carpet, aren't you?
Tom would like to be reincarnated as a woman.
He is weaving a carpet.
Tom is weaving a carpet.
She is weaving a carpet.
Tom, you look very sleepy.
We are weaving a carpet.
Tom doesn't know how to use the washing machine.
They are weaving a carpet.
You are spinning wool, aren't you?
He is spinning wool.
Tom is spinning wool.
She is spinning wool.
We are spinning wool.
They are spinning wool.
My existence is worthless and meaningless.
Not a single student was late.
I carded the wool.
I can't believe Tom made that mistake.
It's time the kids went to bed.
It's cold. Could you close the window?
You need to bear in mind that what is written on Wikipedia isn't always true.
Do you like green tea or black tea?
What I wanted was water.
I dropped the pencil I was holding.
The police threw many tear-gas grenades at the protesters.
"Tom? Did something happen?" "No. I just wanted to hear your voice."
Why is he busy?
He has narrow shoulders.
He's honest, so he doesn't tell lies.
He seems to be having trouble breathing.
He was sitting there.
I hugged her.
Morgan le Fay was a powerful sorceress and the half-sister of King Arthur.
She was an enchantress.
King Arthur's sword Excalibur was forged on the island Avalon.
Guinevere was King Arthur's wife.
Mordred betrayed King Arthur.
Merlin was a wizard.
The Lady of the Lake was the ruler of Avalon.
The Lady of the Lake bewitched Merlin and trapped him in the trunk of a tree.
The heroic knight went on a quest to defeat a great monster and won the favor of his lady.
The brave knight saved the beautiful princess from the evil dragon.
I think you've read too many romance novels.
He slayed the dragon and saved the princess.
You should listen to me.
Have you found Prince Charming yet?
I'll spare you the details, but at the end of the story they fall in love, have many beautiful children and live happily ever after.
The Knights of the Round Table gathered around the table.
Uther Pendragon was the father of King Arthur.
He died in battle.
Lancelot fell in love with King Arthur's wife Guinevere.
Elaine of Corbenic, fell in love with Lancelot and tricked him into believing that she was Guinevere, so that he would sleep with her.
Then I'll see what I can do!
The researchers believe they may have found the Holy Grail of cancer research.
Tom was knighted by Queen Mary.
The knight Tristan loved the princess Iseult.
The princess was sent out to the lake to be fed to the dragon.
They fell madly in love after drinking a love potion.
The story revolves around a love triangle.
What's that, a love square?
There are many strange ingredients in that soup.
It's a good cure for hangovers.
Danielle Steel is the bestselling author alive.
I'm not in the mood to go for a walk.
English has borrowed numerous words from French.
I thank you sincerely for having shown me the errors.
How much do you take?
How many do you take?
How much are you taking?
How many are you taking?
You like an elephant.
Marie speaks German fluently
Marie speaks fluent German.
Marie was moving forward.
Oh, look. Tursun's here.
I've never seen one.
I've never seen one, except on Wikipedia.
Here's my phone number.
German banks are among Europe's most troubled.
These large banks are too big to fail.
I can't find it anywhere. It's driving me mad!
Germany was hit hard by the financial crisis.
He says that he did nothing illegal.
She says she did nothing illegal.
She had nothing against alcohol.
The right blamed the left and the left blamed the right and in the end nothing changed.
The Democrats blamed the Republicans, and the Republicans blamed the Democrats.
The Liberals blamed the Conservatives, and the Conservatives blamed the Liberals.
They couldn't agree on anything.
We couldn't agree on anything.
I'm going right now.
He'll be here right away.
There's his bag.
There's the plane from Urumqi.
You should've gone home when I told you to.
You should've gone home already.
You should've paid more attention in class.
Tom looked very sleepy.
Tom has bad eyes, so he always sits in the very front of the classroom.
Tom's leg had fallen asleep so he couldn't stand up.
Tom's leg had gone to sleep so he was unable to stand up.
I don't feel like going for a walk.
You should've told me that you knew Tom.
The rain cheers me up.
You should've told me this before.
We should've heard something from Tom by now.
Tom fell madly in love with Mary.
I should've known something was wrong when Tom wasn't here by 2:30.
It's not exactly rocket science.
I should've guessed Tom would do something like this.
She wore pajama pants.
Tom should've been nicer to Mary.
She wore pajama pants to school.
Do you want to do it again?
I should've warned you that Tom is a little strange.
That shouldn't even be a question.
It's the perfect opportunity!
He fell asleep in class and started snoring.
Tom's house was repossessed by the bank.
There's a white van parked in front of Tom's house.
What do you want to do about supper?
The teacher fell asleep in class and started snoring loudly.
No one knows for sure.
I was really drunk last night.
We are just friends.
I told my mom everything.
Punctuation helps to show grammatical relationships and, at least in English, is also used to indicate intonation.
Just act like nothing happened.
Son of a bitch stole my backpack, ate my sandwich, and shit in my Thermos!
The Canadian government’s guide to writing says that the role of punctuation is to clarify, and "this principle takes precedence over all precepts governing the use of individual marks of punctuation."
If I catch you hitting my cat one more time, I'll kick your ass. I'm telling you, this is your last chance.
Fuck, I can't sleep because those damn owls are screeching so loudly.
When you're preparing food for someone, please don't pick your nose, scratch your ass, or sneeze in your hands.
I should've tried to convince Tom to stay.
If you didn't want to go, you should've told me.
Oh, there you go. See? It happened exactly like I said it would. Now go call the ambulance.
I told you we should've waited for Tom.
What are "kulasy"? It's an old word, it means "legs". I think it comes from the word meaning a person who can't walk: "lame".
Robots are smarter than humans anyway.
According to the Canadian government "punctuation should be as consistent as possible within a given text". That would mean that one and the same writer may use a different style of punctuation in a different text on another occasion.
There are many ways to do this.
Oh, you don't want to eat your vegetables? How about a kick in the ass? No? Then eat and stop whining.
You're a pain in the ass.
Never let a drunk into your bathroom. He'll piss on everything.
Where did you get that sweater? At the Salvation Army or from the trash?
Around the corner, was a field full of golden stalks of wheat.
Chinese people don't have an alphabet. They have a different symbol for every word.
You know what they say: long nose, long cock.
Discount price, today only, friend. Two grams of cocaine, only zloty. What do you say to that?
Maya the Bee isn't a Polish cartoon, you know that? It was written in Germany, animated in Japan, and was translated into the Polish language.
Tom isn't photogenic.
But did anyone every plant a boot in your ass?
What do you need a baby for? It just eats, shits, vomits, and cries.
Fuck, I just bought a new rug and the cat already puked on it.
If I had your looks, I think I'd hang myself.
You're at the zoo, so please don't harass the animals. It is forbidden to throw rocks at them, poke them in the eyes with sticks, and to tug at their fur.
May that bastard die.
Now listen, sir. You won't find a better price. This I promise you!
You may not! Don't!
You all are Swedish.
Things are clearer in the morning than in the evening.
Who are you going to believe? Her or me?
Tom knew exactly what Mary meant.
It never hurts to tell a story twice.
It won't come to you if you close your eyes.
All journeys begin with a first step.
It was a last minute decision.
A missed opportunity never comes again.
I never should've kissed Tom's girlfriend.
A man can be happy with any woman as long as he doesn't love her.
A man's gotta do what a man's gotta do.
He's been blacklisted.
Tom should've known better than to carry so much money.
She always has such glowing youthful skin.
A penny spent is often more useful than one saved.
Suffering shared is half as painful.
All who wander are not lost.
I don't want to offend Tom.
The enemy is weakened!
I want to work and get ahead on my own efforts.
You bring me to life...
They have scheduled a press conference.
Big deal!
Create your personal website.
It will be very hard.
I'm eating a yogurt.
I'm eating a yogurt for children.
She's in a bad mood.
What's happening next week?
What's happening in Italy?
How beautiful this carillon is!
Welcome to Dublin!
I listen to the Spanish radio.
The shirt that I've just bought is very nice.
I've just seen Marie at the park.
What were you doing when I saw you?
If only you knew how much I do to keep this roof over our heads.
I really don't understand what you're saying to me.
What on earth has happened?
I'd like a cup of tea, please.
Wouldn't you like to know?
I read this and thought you might like to read it too.
I don't care what happens, I'm still going to tell your parents.
I like to drink a cup of tea in the morning before I do anything.
That went right over my head.
If you click here, you can access the files you want to read.
There are five fish in my aquarium.
I'm upstairs.
I'm just finishing off my homework.
I can't believe what I just saw.
He isn't so tall.
I've seen what happens when you don't follow the rules.
I need to go to the toilet.
I try to do a little every day.
It's an everyday occurrence in these parts.
Keep your eyes peeled; we're on the lookout for a new table.
My cat scratched me.
I'd like to live in Rome someday.
Such a small world!
I should've chosen a shorter username.
I was woken up by the sound of thunder this morning.
The thunder was so loud that we could barely hear each other.
I struck the wall with my fist.
You struck the wall with your fist, didn't you?
You struck the wall with your fists, didn't you?
He struck the wall with his fist.
She struck the wall with her fist.
Mary struck the wall with her fist.
We struck the wall with our fists.
They struck the wall with their fists.
I told the dog to stay.
You told the dog to stay, didn't you?
He told the dog to stay.
She told the dog to stay.
Mary told the dog to stay.
We told the dog to stay.
They told the dog to stay.
I spend a lot of time on the phone.
You spend a lot of time on the phone.
He spends a lot of time on the phone.
She spends a lot of time on the phone.
Mary spends a lot of time on the phone.
We spend a lot of time on the phone.
They spend a lot of time on the phone.
A man is as old as he feels, and a woman as old as she looks.
I always shout when I am angry.
You always shout when you are angry, don't you?
He always shouts when he is angry.
She always shouts when she is angry.
Mary always shouts when she is angry.
We always shout when we are angry.
They always shout when they are angry.
I will finish serving my sentence next month.
You will finish serving your sentence next month, won't you?
He will finish serving his sentence next month.
She will finish serving her sentence next month.
Mary will finish serving her sentence next month.
We will finish serving our sentence next month.
They will finish serving their sentence next month.
Do you know what the real problem is?
Tom was never in any real danger.
Tom isn't your real name, is it?
You have real potential.
You're in for a real surprise.
You could be in real danger.
Tom is a real good friend.
Tom isn't his real name.
He's great in bed.
He's good in the sack.
Tom is a real character.
Do you know Tom's real name?
Do you know Tom's full name?
Tom is in real trouble.
I was elected to the Senate in 2008.
Tom is the real hero.
You were elected to the Senate in 2008, weren't you?
You should be real proud of yourself.
You should be very proud of yourself.
She listened to the young preacher's sermon.
He was elected to the Senate in 2008.
I bet Tom was real happy.
She was elected to the Senate in 2008.
I bet Tom was very happy.
Mary was elected to the Senate in 2008.
I want you to be real nice to Tom.
We were elected to the Senate in 2008.
Tom seemed like a real nice boy.
Take a chance!
They were elected to the Senate in 2008.
We'll take real good care of you.
I am seeking a job.
You are seeking a job, aren't you?
You are seeking jobs, aren't you?
He is seeking a job.
Do you know the real reason Tom isn't here?
She is seeking a job.
Mary is seeking a job.
We are seeking jobs.
They are seeking jobs.
I returned the shirt because it was too small.
You returned the shirt because it was too small, didn't you?
He is blind as a mole.
I don't even know what Tom's real name is.
You returned the shirts because they were too small, right?
He returned the shirt because it was too small.
She returned the shirt because it was too small.
Mary returned the shirt because it was too small.
We both know this isn't real.
We returned the shirts because they were too small.
Tom knows he's in real trouble now.
They returned the shirts because they were too small.
We need to leave real soon.
If you find money on the street, you should take it to your local police department.
The police can ask you to give your name and address.
I am required to wear a suit and tie to work.
That's not a real diamond, is it?
You are required to wear a suit and tie to work, aren't you?
I don't think that's a real diamond.
Tom doesn't have to wear a suit and tie to work.
He is required to wear a suit and tie to work.
We are required to wear a suit and tie to work.
They are required to wear a suit and tie to work.
The boss told Tom that he had to wear a suit and tie to work.
Your boobs are excellent. I would like to put my face in them.
The ducks quacked.
I know how to repair computers.
You know how to repair computers, don't you?
He knows how to repair computers.
She knows how to repair computers.
Mary knows how to repair computers.
We know how to repair computers.
They know how to repair computers.
I have no reason to be angry.
You have no reason to be angry.
He has no reason to be angry.
She has no reason to be angry.
Mary has no reason to be angry.
We have no reason to be angry.
They have no reason to be angry.
I won a prize in the spelling competition.
You won a prize in the spelling competition, didn't you?
He won a prize in the spelling competition.
She won a prize in the spelling competition.
Mary won a prize in the spelling competition.
We won prizes in the spelling competition.
They won prizes in the spelling competition.
I grew up in poverty.
You grew up in poverty, didn't you?
He grew up in poverty.
She grew up in poverty.
Mary grew up in poverty.
We grew up in poverty.
They grew up in poverty.
I prefer patients who can't talk.
You prefer patients who can't talk, don't you?
He prefers patients who can't talk.
She prefers patients who can't talk.
Mary prefers patients who can't talk.
We prefer patients who can't talk.
They prefer patients who can't talk.
It was an interesting dream.
Sometimes, I wish I was never born.
My brother is evil.
My mom says that she regrets having me.
I'm happy that I was born.
Life is a gift.
She denied being an alcoholic.
He denied being an alcoholic.
We all need variety in our diet.
I will move out of my parents' house.
For various reasons, it has not been possible to do that quickly.
I had no clue.
And that's how my dad met my mom.
And that's how my mom met my dad.
I live in Chile.
I live in Peru.
Brazil is the biggest country in South America.
I wrote a letter to Mireille.
Life is a gift. Accept it.
I'm loving it.
This dish is filled with many invigorating ingredients.
In 1990, the Soviet Union collapsed.
Fine, have it your way.
Nobody can do it like he can.
Once you go Mac, you'll never go back.
I love to see him smile.
I think I deserve a break now.
I can't believe I ate the whole thing.
Try it. You'll like it.
It works like a dream.
I've tried it and it works like a dream.
This new machine is much better than that old thing we had.
She picked up her toys.
He transformed his small family business into a highly profitable company with more than employees.
It works wonders.
He picked up his toys.
Will you be ready?
When Tom talks, people listen.
I believe in the power of dreams.
No one listens to me when I talk.
Oh my God, Tom talked to me today!
I love that machine. It still works perfectly.
Must I go on?
My parents were behind me every step of the way.
My husband was behind me every step of the way.
And I must thank my lovely wife, Kate, who was behind me every step of the way.
What happens here, stays here.
There are some things that money can't buy.
Where do you want to go today?
Friends don't let friends drive drunk.
Can you hear me now?
"Can you hear me now?" "No, I can't hear you! There's a waterfall nearby."
He died during surgery.
My heart goes out to you and your family.
My boyfriend dumped me when he found out I was pregnant.
I don't have any illusions.
This is an evil company that takes advantage of people.
Tom won a stuffed lion and I won a teddy bear.
This was the highlight of my day.
You'll regret it someday.
You'll regret it one day.
Time is running out. You need to marry your boyfriend and have a baby before it's too late.
My mother wants grandchildren.
My parents want grandchildren.
This tent is perfect for two people.
This four person tent is perfect for two.
He didn't like that very much.
He kissed her passionately.
I think that dolphins should not be kept in captivity.
The monkey escaped from its cage.
He's terrible in bed.
He's bad in bed.
I didn't want to hurt his feelings.
I didn't want to hurt her feelings.
She's terrible in bed.
She's bad in bed.
I'm not impersonating you.
Don't impersonate me.
He doesn't want to get married.
It looks really good on you.
Nobody is doing anything.
He always thinks he's right.
Why don't you leave him then?
She always thinks she's right.
Be careful. It's not a toy.
What do you seek, human?
I'm sorry, sir. There must have been some mistake.
I'm sorry, madam. There must be some mistake.
I want pizza!
This pizza has a thin crust.
The employees are rude and unhelpful.
She's nasty and mean.
This company makes money by selling your private information to third-parties.
Shut up, bitch!
I received this electric knife as a gift.
I received this as a gift, but I have no idea what it does!
I bought Tom a remote controlled fire truck and he seems very happy with it.
Good luck finding one.
OK, you win.
I drink too much!
I don't drink a lot.
That's sad for you.
I'm intrigued to know what you think it means.
It only makes you look ridiculous.
That sounds very cheap.
I should have read the insurance policy more carefully.
It's not cheating if you don't get caught.
I'm not stupid. I'm just bad at math.
Dolphins are really smart.
I'm always going to be here for you.
I'm not always going to be there for you.
My, how you've grown!
Tom and Mary have recently become friends.
Tom and Mary have recently started dating.
Tom and Mary have recently gotten married.
Tom and Mary have recently moved to Boston.
Tom is learning to figure skate.
Tom is taking figure skating lessons.
Tom is studying figure skating with a world famous figure skater.
Tom is learning how to figure skate.
Tom says he really enjoys figure skating.
Tom moved the flower pot to the left and the secret door slid open.
Tom looked all over, but he couldn't find the secret door.
Do you know what Tom's secret is?
Do you know Tom's secret?
Tom wouldn't share his secret recipe with me.
Tom has been meeting secretly with Mary.
Tom shared all his secrets with Mary.
Tom got the key from its secret hiding spot and opened the door.
Tom is a very secretive person.
Tom can't keep secrets from Mary.
Tom and Mary didn't tell anyone that they had gotten married.
Tom kept his true identity secret.
Tom didn't tell anyone who he really was.
I cried a lot.
Tom knows how to keep a secret.
You never could keep a secret.
Do you have any other secrets I should know about?
I'd really like to know what Tom's secret is.
Germany's future is in good hands.
Tom has been very secretive recently.
Tom is being very secretive.
I heard that you've got a secret admirer.
The number of temporary workers has almost tripled since 2003.
We were trying to keep that a secret.
We should've kept that a secret.
I thought I told you that was to be kept a secret.
Tom has never been good at keeping secrets.
I'm going to let you in on a little secret.
It's no secret that Tom doesn't like Mary.
I love the sound of church bells.
Everybody knows that Tom doesn't like Mary.
I can't believe Tom made such a mistake.
I can't believe Tom made such a stupid mistake.
It's a family secret.
Elephants have long trunks.
I can't believe Tom made that kind of mistake.
I can't believe Tom made a mistake like that.
Voters are morons.
How is your host family?
These shoes have lights in them.
This politician spends most of his time raising funds.
Are you going to let me in on the secret?
I didn't think you could keep it a secret.
You still haven't told me all your secrets.
Do you want to know a secret?
I'm afraid Tom will tell everyone all our secrets.
We won't be able to keep this a secret forever.
It's no secret that Tom doesn't agree with you.
I hate my job sometimes.
Some people say there shouldn't be any secrets between friends.
Latin is a perfect language.
Once upon a time there was a piece of wood.
Give him what he wants.
Give her what she wants.
His real name was Mastro Antonio, but everyone called him Mastro Cherry, for the tip of his nose was so round and red and shiny that it looked like a ripe cherry.
Tom refused to give Mary what she wanted.
The experiment was a failure.
The experiment was a success.
As soon as he saw that piece of wood, Mastro Cherry was filled with joy.
He grasped the hatchet to peel off the bark and shape the wood.
He heard a wee, little voice say in a beseeching tone: "Please be careful! Do not hit me so hard!"
Where did that voice come from, when there is no one around? Might it be that this piece of wood has learned to weep and cry like a child?
His name was Geppetto, but to the boys of the neighborhood he was Polendina, on account of the wig he always wore which was just the color of yellow corn.
He works in a cannery.
It could save your life.
He's a professional diver.
He's an underwater archaeologist.
Geppetto had a very bad temper. Woe to the one who called him Polendina! He became as wild as a beast and no one could soothe him.
I thought of making myself a beautiful wooden marionette.
When the fight was over, Mastro Antonio had Geppetto's yellow wig in his hands and Geppetto found the carpenter's curly wig in his mouth.
Give me back my wig!
It's said that the Vikings discovered America before Columbus did.
They say that the Vikings discovered America before Columbus.
The two little old men, each with his own wig back on his own head, shook hands and swore to be good friends for the rest of their lives.
I want a piece of wood to make a marionette. Will you give it to me?
Little as Geppetto's house was, it was neat and comfortable.
As soon as he reached home, Geppetto took his tools and began to cut and shape the wood into a marionette.
"What shall I call him?" he said to himself. "I think I'll call him Pinocchio."
She refused all proposals of marriage.
Turn around and face the wall.
Every vote counts.
After the eyes, Geppetto made the nose, which began to stretch as soon as finished. It stretched and stretched and stretched till it became so long, it seemed endless.
He's a valiant soldier.
Tom fractured his wrist.
How did you sprain your wrist, Tom?
Tom sprained his wrist.
I'm a klutz.
How can you do this to me?
How could you do this to me?
Tom is sexually frustrated.
She's sexually frustrated.
Tom has written several short stories, but has not yet published a book.
"Stop laughing!" said Geppetto angrily; but he might as well have spoken to the wall.
It was mind-numbingly boring.
Tom is a male cheerleader.
Is he cute?
My goal is to become happy.
My goal is to be happy.
What do you know about pandas?
They're on our side.
He's on our side.
I think she's on our side, but I'm not sure.
Pinocchio, you wicked boy!
Pandas are cute.
I have a giant stuffed panda bear.
My brother is a moron.
Life would be empty without you.
I was thinking about you earlier today.
The trip was canceled because of a terrible storm.
Thanks to the nice person who showed me this thread.
Support this agency.
I live in Riga.
I live in Latvia.
I'll live in Cambodia.
I want to be a linguist.
It's still unclear to many, especially to those who half destroyed it and surrendered it to Iran, whether Iraq should be pronounced e-rack or aye-rack. But, after all, is it necessary to know how to pronounce a country's name before whacking it ?
The tables have turned and the surrender-monkeys are now those who then called others that way.
Get on it.
Please, be patient with me!
That sounds awesome!
Where the hell is her hand going?
Where the hell is his hand going?
It seems we're sick.
She's not sick.
I'm fine and I'm not sick.
I'm eating bread.
You didn't dress yourself.
You don't dress yourselves.
You can't drive.
He can't drive.
I'm not bad!
They're not bad!
I won't come because I'm sick.
They're not bad at all!
I'm not bad at all!
"Kindness can bring even bigger trouble. With kindness, comes naivété. Courage becomes foolhardiness. And dedication has no reward. If you can't accept any of that, you are not fit to be in this business."
It's so racist.
He's so racist.
She's so racist.
You drank too little.
You said you never drank alcoholic drinks!
I forgot them.
Which one will you get?
The Venice Film Festival is the oldest film festival in the world.
The Mostra internazionale d'arte cinematografica di Venezia is the oldest film festival in the world.
The Toronto International Film Festival is the largest film festival in North America.
The Cannes International Film Festival is the most prestigious film festival in the world.
The Jewish religious leadership required every Jewish individual to learn to read and study the Torah.
Do you like the colors?
Does it get any better than that?
Does it get any better than this?
I will try to make it at home.
I don't regret it at all.
If Tom had made that investment, he'd be a billionaire today.
He can't afford to retire.
Some bolts need to be tightened up.
He walked out the door and never came back.
Small children work as slaves on the chocolate plantation.
Are you serious about that question?
The resemblance between these two men is uncanny.
Is there anything else I need to know?
Tom is tall and thin.
This tall and thin young man had a spontaneous pneumothorax.
This doesn't seem normal.
Tom suffered from a collapsed lung.
The knife punctured his lung.
My worst fears came true.
It wasn't always this way.
Pinocchio's legs were so stiff that he could not move them.
Catch him! Catch him!
Catch her! Catch her!
The Carabineer grabbed him by the nose (it was an extremely long one and seemed made on purpose for that very thing) and returned him to Mastro Geppetto.
The little old man wanted to pull Pinocchio's ears. Think how he felt when, upon searching for them, he discovered that he had forgotten to make them!
His happiness lasted only a short time.
Pinocchio turned and saw a large cricket crawling slowly up the wall.
I am the Talking Cricket and I have been living in this room for more than one hundred years.
Woe to boys who refuse to obey their parents and run away from home! They will never be happy in this world, and when they are older they will be very sorry for it.
If I stay here the same thing will happen to me which happens to all other boys and girls. They are sent to school, and whether they want to or not, they must study. As for me, let me tell you, I hate to study! It's much more fun, I think, to chase after butterflies, climb trees, and steal birds' nests.
If you do not like going to school, why don't you at least learn a trade, so that you can earn an honest living?
"Of all the trades in the world, there is only one that really suits me." "And what can that be?" "That of eating, drinking, sleeping, playing, and wandering around from morning till night."
Careful, ugly Cricket! If you make me angry, you'll be sorry!
"Poor Pinocchio, I am sorry for you." "Why?" "Because you are a marionette and, what is much worse, you have a wooden head."
At these last words, Pinocchio jumped up in a fury, took a hammer from the bench, and threw it with all his strength at the Talking Cricket.
With a last weak "cri-cri-cri" the poor Cricket fell from the wall, dead!
I have never seen anything quite like this.
France, Austria and Russia formed an alliance against Prussia.
What's the difference between a star and a planet?
He was surprised by what he found.
Mary was a good-hearted girl who helped wherever she could.
His books have been translated into several languages.
Stars undergo nuclear reactions that burn hydrogen in their cores.
But Tom had one final trick up his sleeve.
That would be so funny.
What is Freedom Flotilla?
Do you wear shoes indoors?
Do you wear shoes inside your house?
Why would anyone think that was a good idea?
That's just an old wives' tale.
I'm glad it works for you.
Tom works on a sheep farm.
I'm in the post office.
"Where's the water?" "It evaporated."
Tom devoted his life to finding a solution to the problem.
That sounds like a fun job.
Peter the Cruel is also known as Peter the Just.
He's tall and muscular.
He's a star in Germany, but completely unknown in America.
He married her in secret.
A brown dwarf is a celestial object, in which fusion occurs, but that is not massive enough to fuse hydrogen.
She bore him four children.
She has a fake tan.
She's just so fake.
That is why she didn't want to be with him any more.
Do you find it easy to deal with the people you meet in the course of your work?
How cold is Canada?
Canada is a very cold country.
Everybody hates them.
Everybody hates him.
Everybody hates her.
This is a step in the right direction.
Tom is a zookeeper.
Tom is a seaman.
Tom stole his dad's credit card.
Tom is a frequent flyer.
A boy's appetite grows very fast.
He was as ravenous as a bear.
His long nose became at least two inches longer.
The Talking Cricket was right. It was wrong of me to disobey Father and to run away from home. If he were here now, I wouldn't be so hungry! Oh, how horrible it is to be hungry!
The night was pitch black.
It thundered, and bright flashes of lightning now and again shot across the sky, turning it into a sea of fire.
An angry wind blew cold and raised dense clouds of dust, while the trees shook and moaned in a weird way.
Pinocchio was greatly afraid of thunder and lightning, but the hunger he felt was far greater than his fear.
The whole village was dark and deserted. The stores were closed, the doors, the windows. In the streets, not even a dog could be seen. It seemed the Village of the Dead.
An old man in a nightcap opened the window and looked out. He called down angrily: "What do you want at this hour of night?"
There he fell asleep, and while he slept, his wooden feet began to burn. Slowly, very slowly, they blackened and turned to ashes.
Is Tom a member of the Royal Family?
"Open! I say," repeated Geppetto, "or I'll give you a sound whipping when I get in."
My little Pinocchio, my dear little Pinocchio! How did you burn your feet?
Mathematics is the language with which God has written the universe.
I never liked school.
I should never have thought, dear boy of mine, that you were so dainty and fussy about your food. Bad, very bad! In this world, even as children, we must accustom ourselves to eat of everything, for we never know what life may hold in store for us!
I will not eat the pears if they are not peeled. I don't like them.
"I promise you," answered the marionette, sobbing, "that from now on I'll be good—"
Boys always promise that when they want something.
I promise to go to school every day, to study, and to succeed.
But I am not like other boys! I am better than all of them and I always tell the truth. I promise you, Father, that I'll learn a trade, and I'll be the comfort and staff of your old age.
It's the deadliest city in America.
Close your eyes and sleep!
Pinocchio closed his eyes and pretended to be asleep.
Geppetto did not have a penny in his pocket, so he made his son a little suit of flowered paper, a pair of shoes from the bark of a tree, and a tiny cap from a bit of dough.
What's wrong with these people?
What's the difference between a religion and a cult?
Pinocchio ran to look at himself in a bowl of water, and he felt so happy that he said proudly: "Now I look like a gentleman."
When poverty shows itself, even mischievous boys understand what it means.
"Where's your coat, Father?" "I have sold it." "Why did you sell your coat?" "It was too warm."
Pinocchio understood the answer and, unable to restrain his tears, he jumped on his father's neck and kissed him over and over.
As he walked along, his brain was busy planning hundreds of wonderful things, building hundreds of castles in the air.
Guess what I did last night.
Fathers are indeed good to their children!
Tomorrow I'll go to school. There's always plenty of time to go to school.
"What is that house?" Pinocchio asked a little boy near him. "Read the sign and you'll know." "I'd like to read, but somehow I can't today."
"I'll give you four pennies for your A-B-C book," said a ragpicker who stood by.
The curtain was up and the performance had started.
His beard was as black as pitch, and so long that it reached from his chin down to his feet.
His mouth was as wide as an oven, his teeth like yellow fangs, and his eyes, two glowing red coals.
In his huge, hairy hands, a long whip, made of green snakes and black cats' tails twisted together, swished through the air in a dangerous way.
Enough! Be quiet! I'll take care of you later.
As soon as the play was over, the Director went to the kitchen, where a fine big lamb was slowly turning on the spit. More wood was needed to finish cooking it.
Father, save me! I don't want to die! I don't want to die!
Fire Eater (this was really his name) was very ugly.
There is no mercy here, Pinocchio. I have spared you. Harlequin must burn in your place. I am hungry and my dinner must be cooked.
He had gone barely half a mile when he met a lame Fox and a blind Cat, walking together like two good friends. The lame Fox leaned on the Cat, and the blind Cat let the Fox lead him along.
"You, a rich man?" said the Fox, and he began to laugh out loud. The Cat was laughing also, but tried to hide it by stroking his long whiskers.
I want to go to school and study hard.
"Look at me," said the Fox. "For the silly reason of wanting to study, I have lost a paw." "Look at me," said the Cat. "For the same foolish reason, I have lost the sight of both eyes."
In the twinkling of an eyelid, the Cat leaped on the blackbird, and ate him, feathers and all.
"Poor blackbird!" said Pinocchio to the Cat. "Why did you kill him?"
I killed him to teach him a lesson. He talks too much. Next time he will keep his words to himself.
"Do you want to double your gold pieces?" "What do you mean?"
Instead of returning home, come with us.
Home is near, and I'm going where Father is waiting for me. How unhappy he must be that I have not yet returned! I have been a bad son, and the Talking Cricket was right when he said that a disobedient boy cannot be happy in this world.
Just outside the City of Simple Simons, there is a blessed field called the Field of Wonders.
Just outside the City of Catchfools, there is a blessed field called the Field of Wonders.
In this field you dig a hole and in the hole you bury a gold piece. After covering up the hole with earth you water it well, sprinkle a bit of salt on it, and go to bed. During the night, the gold piece sprouts, grows, blossoms, and next morning you find a beautiful tree, that is loaded with gold pieces.
"We do not work for gain," answered the Fox. "We work only to enrich others."
"What good people," thought Pinocchio to himself. And forgetting his father, the new coat, the A-B-C book, and all his good resolutions, he said to the Fox and to the Cat: "Let us go. I am with you."
"Let us stop here a while," said the Fox, "to eat a bite and rest for a few hours."
As soon as Pinocchio was in bed, he fell fast asleep and began to dream.
As he walked, Pinocchio noticed a tiny insect glimmering on the trunk of a tree, a small being that glowed with a pale, soft light.
"Who are you?" he asked. "I am the ghost of the Talking Cricket," answered the little being in a faint voice that sounded as if it came from a far-away world.
Return home and give the four gold pieces you have left to your poor old father who is weeping because he has not seen you for many a day.
Don't listen to those who promise you wealth overnight, my boy. As a rule they are either fools or swindlers! Listen to me and go home.
Remember that boys who insist on having their own way, sooner or later come to grief.
Once again the road was plunged in darkness.
I think assassins have been invented by fathers and mothers to frighten children who want to run away at night.
Your money or your life!
And after having killed you, we will kill your father also.
No, no, no, not my Father!
Quick as a flash, the marionette sank his teeth deep into the Assassin's hand, bit it off and spat it out.
His pursuers were after him at once, like two dogs chasing a hare.
At the noise, a window opened and a lovely maiden looked out.
She had azure hair and a face white as wax. Her eyes were closed and her hands crossed on her breast.
No one lives in this house. Everyone is dead.
"I also am dead." "Dead? What are you doing at the window, then?"
Pinocchio was made of very hard wood and the knives broke into a thousand pieces.
They tied Pinocchio's hands behind his shoulders and slipped the noose around his neck.
These were his last words. He closed his eyes, opened his mouth, stretched out his legs, and hung there, as if he were dead.
The word lends itself to misuse by beginners.
Tom rejects modern technology and lives like in the eighties.
The lovely maiden with azure hair was none other than a very kind fairy who had lived, for more than a thousand years, in the vicinity of the forest.
To my mind this marionette is dead and gone; but if, by any evil chance, he were not, then that would be a sure sign that he is still alive!
I am sorry," said the Owl, "to have to contradict the Crow, my famous friend and colleague. To my mind this Marionette is alive; but if, by any evil chance, he were not, then that would be a sure sign that he is wholly dead!"
I say that a wise doctor, when he does not know what he is talking about, should know enough to keep his mouth shut.
He is rude, lazy, a runaway.
Pinocchio hid his face under the sheets.
That Marionette is a disobedient son who is breaking his father's heart!
"When the dead weep, they are beginning to recover," said the Crow solemnly.
"I am sorry to contradict my famous friend and colleague," said the Owl, "but as far as I'm concerned, I think that when the dead weep, it means they do not want to die."
As soon as the three doctors had left the room, the Fairy went to Pinocchio's bed and, touching him on the forehead, noticed that he was burning with fever.
Drink this, and in a few days you'll be up and well.
"If it's bitter, I don't want it." "Drink it!" "I don't like anything bitter."
"Do you promise?" "Yes."
I won't drink this awful water. I won't. I won't! No, no, no, no!
"Aren't you afraid of death?" "Not a bit. I'd rather die than drink that awful medicine."
Give me that glass! Quick, please! I don't want to die!
As he spoke, his nose, long though it was, became at least two inches longer.
At this second lie, his nose grew a few more inches.
It's the best feeling.
Tom is a limo driver.
At this third lie, his nose became longer than ever, so long that he could not even turn around.
"Why do you laugh?" "I am laughing at your lies." "How do you know I'm lying?"
There are two kinds of lies, lies with short legs and lies with long noses. Yours, just now, happen to have long noses.
Crying as if his heart would break, the Marionette mourned for hours over the length of his nose.
The Fairy showed no pity toward him, as she was trying to teach him a good lesson, so that he would stop telling lies, the worst habit any boy may acquire.
A thousand woodpeckers flew in through the window and settled themselves on Pinocchio's nose. They pecked and pecked so hard at that enormous nose that in a few moments, it was the same size as before.
"I love you, too," answered the Fairy, "and if you wish to stay with me, you may be my little brother and I'll be your good little sister."
What an awful world to live in!
What an awful world we live in!
Then he ended by doing what all boys do, when they have no heart and little brain.
Dig a hole here and put the gold pieces into it.
I don't wanna hear another word about it.
I'll build myself a beautiful palace, with a thousand stables filled with a thousand wooden horses to play with, a cellar overflowing with lemonade and ice cream soda, and a library of candies and fruits, cakes and cookies.
More than baby sea turtles were released into the sea.
In the German Wikipedia there are people who are such sticklers for rules, that other contributors, often far more knowledgeable, take to their heels en masse.
The judge listened to him with great patience. A kind look shone in his eyes. He became very much interested in the story; he felt moved; he almost wept.
This poor simpleton has been robbed of four gold pieces. Take him, therefore, and throw him into prison.
It had rained for many days, and the road was so muddy that, at times, Pinocchio sank down almost to his knees.
I'm sad now.
I am certainly very stubborn and stupid!
From now on, I'll be different and I'll try to become a most obedient boy.
Hunger, my boy, is no reason for taking something which belongs to another.
"It's true, it's true!" cried Pinocchio in tears. "I won't do it again."
"Ah, you little thief!" said the Farmer in an angry voice. "So you are the one who steals my chickens!"
I'll give you a lesson that you'll remember for a long while.
I'll give you a lesson that you'll remember for a long time.
I like him, but I'm too shy to talk to him.
Even though a boy may be very unhappy, he very seldom loses sleep over his worries.
There's no going back.
The farmer heard the loud barks and jumped out of bed. Taking his gun, he leaped to the window and shouted: "What's the matter?"
The dead are gone and they cannot defend themselves. The best thing to do is to leave them in peace!
The little house was no longer there.
I could barely speak.
He could barely speak.
What are you guys doing?
Poor Pinocchio! He even tried to tear his hair, but as it was only painted on his wooden head, he could not even pull it.
"Tell me, little boy, what are you doing there?" "Can't you see? I'm crying."
The pigeon flew swiftly down to the earth. He was much larger than a turkey.
Oh, dear pigeon, how I wish I had your wings!
If you want to come, I'll take you with me.
The little boat, tossed about by the angry waters, appeared and disappeared in the waves.
Suddenly a huge wave came and the boat disappeared.
I'll save him! I'll save my father!
It poured rain, it hailed, it thundered, and the lightning was so bright that it turned the night into day.
He's always nice to everyone.
She confessed to liking him.
That was an interesting read.
Pinocchio tried his best to get there, but he couldn't.
Little by little the sky cleared. The sun came out in full splendor and the sea became as calm as a lake.
The marionette took off his clothes and laid them on the sand to dry.
He is the best father in the world, even as I am the worst son that can be found.
Pardon the bother, and many thanks for your kindness.
This is no place for me! I was not born for work.
There were only two means left to him in order to get a bite to eat. He had either to work or to beg.
The work is too hard for me.
Hey boys, what's up?
Hey guys, what's up?
Hey girls, what's up?
I hate my friends!
I love my enemies.
How come this never happens to me?
Aren't you ashamed? Instead of being a beggar in the streets, why don't you look for work and earn your own bread?
I want it to be a surprise.
I would like to talk to you the day after tomorrow.
Under no circumstances will we take part in military actions.
I'm not a good beachcomber. I only pick up pieces of broken glass where others collect coins and things.
Pass the fare.
Black wins.
I speak Latvian.
It's not likely but possible.
The workers were allergic to the harvest, and they also sneezed upon her.
Tom wasn't waiting for me.
Tom wasn't awaiting me.
Both sisters were there.
I live in Montenegro.
The blank spots have vanished from the maps. They have migrated to the history books.
He suffers from a chronically exaggerated opinion of himself. Wherever he goes, he thinks no one can hold a candle to him.
He suffers from chronic overestimation of himself. Wherever he goes, he thinks no one can hold a candle to him.
Rice, noodles, and potatoes are typical side dishes.
I hereby cancel my subscription to the newspaper, within the deadline, effective immediately.
The best-known compositions by Franz Liszt are his nineteen Hungarian Rhapsodies, but he also created beautiful sonatas, symphonies, concerti, songs, and religious compositions.
The best-known compositions by Franz Liszt are his nineteen Hungarian Rhapsodies, but he also created beautiful sonatas, symphonies, concerti, Lieder, and religious compositions.
Franz Liszt created the concept of the "symphonic poem". This is a composition for orchestra that uses music to describe nonmusical content. This could include, for example, people, legendary figures, landscapes, or paintings.
Goethe used this idiom. Why, then, should it be incorrect today?
It may well be strange, but that's the way it is.
It may indeed be strange, but that's the way it is.
It is indeed strange, but that's the way it is.
Where else do you want to go?
Tom and John are both competent alchemists. Tom often shows himself to be the more skillful, but both experience explosions in the lab.
A funny thing happened to me today!
Utterly different from Tom was his friend John, who was kind and benevolent.
He had so many bruises he looked like he had been rolled down a hill in a barrel.
Completely different from Tom was his boyfriend John, who was amicable and philanthropic.
He scarcely said a word.
He barely said a word.
Mary always greatly enjoyed reading Tom's poetic letters.
It is just an annoying little habit that I have.
Economists predict that around the year 2060, the so-called "Western world", composed of Europe and North America, will lose their dominant position in the global economy.
Tom is, one might say, a professional criminal.
One can say that Tom is a professional criminal.
That is just silly!
Many people use Anglicisms because they don't know how to rewrite them, since there are no alternatives in their own languages. Thus, we see it as our task to think of good alternatives, lovingly and imaginatively.
Although he was not a native speaker, Tom wrote short stories in German at a high literary level. Due to their brilliant wit, they soon enjoyed great popularity.
Tom learned Mongolian solely for the "party effect", namely, in order to show off at gatherings.
The one and only reason that Tom learned Mongolian was for the "party effect", namely, in order to show off at events.
He went pale with fear and then turned red with embarrassment.
Am I right in assuming that my commentaries irritate you?
What's the problem if she doesn't love you? You can love yourself.
When the full moon, gleaming silver, rises over the horizon, it seems significantly larger than when it has progressed farther on its nightly path, standing high in the heavens. Amazingly, this is an optical illusion.
The doctor offered the child a lollipop. Against expectation the child said he preferred no lollipop and no jab to getting the immunisation and lollipop.
Mary no longer eats tuna now that she's seen how the fish are caught.
Tom is the least sensitive person Mary knows. Every time she talks with him, he hurts her feelings, unintentionally, and without noticing.
The fundamental character traits of this woman were pride, decisiveness, and courage.
As a child, Mary particularly hated clowns and apes. To this day, in fact, that has not changed one bit.
I felt a certain anxiety in my chest.
We are very happy to have received a message from you.
We are very happy to receive a message from you.
"How long will you be in the office today?" "For a long time. I'm on call."
I, too, wanted to ask that the whole time.
Tonight, there's a good movie at the cinema.
Thank you for always sticking up for me when necessary.
I always have my own way. I don't listen to those who love me and who have more brains than I.
I once managed to fit seven people in my car.
He is as strong as I am.
She wore a pink belt that was as ugly as it was expensive.
His conclusions are based on unproven assumptions.
I don't want to hear another word about it.
The vegetable patch in her garden is eight meters long and eighty centimetres wide.
What is that book about?
Smoking can cause a slow and painful death.
Smokers die young.
Smoking can cause breast cancer.
Solar power is the way of the future.
She probably studied in France, as she speaks French fluently.
That's why I gritted my teeth and went along.
I'd like to take this opportunity to thank you for all the trust you've placed in us.
This sentence allows for multiple interpretations that I need to consider when translating.
If you want to learn a language, you must be patient. Success requires some time.
The submarine hid in the depths of the ocean.
She left the impression of a person open to everything.
They say that you don't gain weight no matter how much you eat in the morning.
Is it true that you won't gain weight no matter how many vegetables and fruits you eat?
Do you still have a headache?
Many have said of Alchemy, that it is for the making of gold and silver. For me such is not the aim, but to consider only what virtue and power may lie in medicines.
All things are poison, and nothing is without poison; only the dose permits something not to be poisonous.
Mathematics is the language of the universe.
How can it be that mathematics, being after all a product of human thought which is independent of experience, is so admirably appropriate to the objects of reality? Is human reason, then, without experience, merely by taking thought, able to fathom the properties of real things.
As far as the laws of mathematics refer to reality, they are not certain; and as far as they are certain, they do not refer to reality.
It's almost like magic.
I didn't lose. I just couldn't win.
He's a hired gun.
Mary's cat needs to hiss only once, to scare away the neighbours' dogs.
Mary's cat is a nasty beast.
Are you thinking what we're thinking?
I'm not his type.
The Renaissance was a cultural movement that left a deep influence on cultural and intellectual life in the early modern era. Beginning in Italy, it reached the rest of Europe before the sixteenth century, and its influence extended to literature, philosophy, art, politics, science, religion, and other aspects of intellectual life.
Mary was surprised by her own daring.
Mary showed herself to be anything but talkative.
Mary's little squirrel has now learned how to fetch nuts.
Tom was never afraid even to talk about his own shortcomings.
Mary is looking for her library card, which is probably somewhere on the shelf in the hall, covered by other things.
According to legend, the French composer Alkan was killed by a collapsing bookcase when he tried to reach for the Talmud, a holy Jewish book, in the study in his house.
When was the last time you did something for the first time?
Make sure to turn off the TV.
She spoke to the section manager.
She will become a doctor within two years.
Tom claimed to love Mary, but in reality, he was only in love with love.
It seems that they have skipped out of town.
For a girl of her age, Mary expresses very clever, remarkable thoughts.
We defy our foes, for our passion makes us strong!
Today I'm so happy, I could go nuts. I wish I could hug the whole world!
Not a word to Tom! If he hears that guests are coming, he'll drop some threadbare excuse and sneak away.
Mary recited her poem so movingly, so forcefully, that she brought the audience to tears. Even hard-headed Jane searched for her handkerchief.
Her father is a famous doctor.
"What kind of apes are those?" "Those aren't apes, they're our new neighbors!"
He strung a rope between the two trees.
He'll leave by plane tomorrow.
He declared that he was innocent.
He works well, just as usual.
Hardworking people succeed in life.
He got off at the next stop.
He bent over and said "I'm not lying".
He wears black-rimmed glasses.
He went to stay at his client's house.
He boarded the ship.
He adopted this little girl.
He probably won't approve your proposal.
He rented an apartment.
He gave me a toy box.
What he said also applies in this case.
There was fear on his face.
There was fear in his eyes.
His request was as follows.
He should be able to do that in three hours.
Yua and Yuma walked from morning until the last train.
His honesty cannot be doubted.
His dog is hard of hearing.
Tanaka plays the piano well.
Two rabbits, a white rabbit and a black rabbit, lived in a large forest.
It's true that he said that.
It's been ten years since they were married.
I gave them some food.
His paper plane was fragile.
The convenience store employee chased the thief and was stabbed to death.
The old man opened the car window and aimed his gun at the bird.
I saw her at the train station five days ago, that is, last Friday.
I catch a cold every year.
Could you carry it to the car?
We took a back road to avoid the traffic accident.
Wear what clothes you want.
You may wear what clothes you please, or no clothes at all, in your own house, but if a man were to assert his right to walk down Regent street clad solely in his shirt the public would have a right to object.
The game was not exciting at all.
I replied that I did not know.
I intend to challenge him to a game.
I didn't believe him at all.
I wrote a letter yesterday.
I'm allergic to pollen.
I'm at ease in English.
I'm comfortable in English.
I'm at home in English.
I didn't understand what the writer was trying to say.
I am not an Athenian nor a Greek.
We use a lot of water.
I drink my tea without sugar.
He saw us off until he could not see us anymore.
Do you know who I am?
It is not surprising that I was elected mayor.
He's dead?
Did you see the game yesterday between the Hanshin Tigers and the Tokyo Giants?
Shall I help you look for your keys.
I don't like this plain necktie. Please show me a more colourful one.
You are a hopeless idiot.
Please stay close by.
You can't succeed if you don't work.
Supposedly there are people in Japan who keep a penguin as a pet.
I think of you, and I smile. Thank you for the memories which fill my heart to the brim with happiness.
Thank you for the memories.
My love for you is hard to explain.
I am so happy that I met you.
The greatest gift that someone can give you is their love and their time.
I've got some suggestions.
Is your headache gone?
What time did you go to sleep this morning?
"I'm sorry I hurt you." "Don't apologize. You didn't do anything wrong, Tom."
The high school students are studying in the classroom.
He always yells at me for not taking care of my shoes.
Let's win this duel.
Do you prefer to go by train or bus?
What happened to Megan Fox?
She turned into plastic.
The girl was looking at him too.
Be nice to your mom.
Be nice to your mother.
Her life spiraled out of control after she met Tom.
Tom's life spiraled out of control after he started using drugs.
His life spiraled out of control after he started smoking crack cocaine.
The happy couple's life soon spiraled out of control.
I want to look good naked.
Does this outfit make me look fat?
I think you should lose some weight.
How high above sea level are we?
How high above sea level are you right now?
I own a yellow sports car.
You own a yellow sports car, don't you?
He owns a yellow sports car.
She owns a yellow sports car.
Mary owns a yellow sports car.
We own a yellow sports car.
They own a yellow sports car.
My mind is torn.
My mind is torn and undecided.
I organized my CDs by artist.
You organized your CDs by artist, didn't you?
He organized his CDs by artist.
She organized her CDs by artist.
Mary organized her CDs by artist.
We organized our CDs by artist.
They organized their CDs by artist.
I ordered the dog to sit.
You ordered the dog to sit, didn't you?
He ordered the dog to sit.
She ordered the dog to sit.
Mary ordered the dog to sit.
We ordered the dog to sit.
They ordered the dog to sit.
I can operate a crane.
You can operate a crane, can't you?
He can operate a crane.
Tom can operate a crane.
She can operate a crane.
Mary can operate a crane.
We can operate a crane.
They can operate a crane.
What do you want the most in this world now?
I offered Tom a gift.
You offered Tom a gift, didn't you?
He offered Tom a gift.
Ken offered Tom a gift.
She offered Tom a gift.
We offered Tom a gift.
They offered Tom a gift.
He asked me if I had experience in this area, and I said no.
No, it's not normal.
I saw a man dressed as a ninja.
An inferiority complex and a superiority complex often lead to the same behavior.
I could hardly believe my eyes.
The mission remains to serve others.
I live from hand to mouth.
Just to remove any doubt, I no longer live with my parents.
At first glance, they're a happy family.
The ship capsized in the middle of the ocean.
They say that her uncle worked for them.
I don't know who that youngster is.
He never visited him.
I do that every week.
I do that once a week.
Are you serious, or have you gone crazy?
He wants to work at the hospital.
With his last breath, he told him that he was adopted.
They didn't ruin their clothing.
I'm ruining my clothing.
You're ruining your clothing.
They're ruining their clothing.
Why has your perspective changed so much?
I've already talked about that more than once.
I've already talked about that several times.
Mary is not ruining her clothing.
We're not ruining our clothing.
You're not ruining your clothing.
They're not ruining their clothing.
You'll ruin your clothing.
He'll ruin his clothing.
Tom will ruin his clothing.
You don't need to be an artist in order to experience beauty every day.
She'll ruin her clothing.
This is war.
There are four seasons in a year: spring, summer, autumn and winter.
In English there is a choice between closed and open punctuation; in the former, the writer uses all punctuation that can legitimately be used, whereas in the latter the writer leaves out all punctuation that can be left out without creating ambiguity.
He is both tall and handsome.
The jug was very heavy.
His stomach seemed a bottomless pit.
"How did you know it was I?" she asked, laughing. "My love for you told me who you were."
I am so old, I could almost be your mother!
For a long time I have wanted a mother, just like other boys.
"But how did you grow so quickly?" "That's a secret!"
"Oh, I'm tired of always being a Marionette!" cried Pinocchio disgustedly. "It's about time for me to grow into a man as everyone else does."
Good boys are obedient.
Good boys love study and work.
Good boys always tell the truth.
Good boys go gladly to school.
There is always hope for boys with hearts such as yours, though they may often be very mischievous. This is the reason why I have come so far to look for you.
No one can find happiness without work. Woe betide the lazy fellow! Laziness is a serious illness and one must cure it immediately; yes, even from early childhood. If not, it will kill you in the end.
A man, whether rich or poor, should do something in this world.
These words touched Pinocchio's heart.
I want to become a boy, no matter how hard it is.
As the days passed into weeks, even the teacher praised him, for he saw him attentive, hard working, and wide awake, always the first to come in the morning, and the last to leave when school was over.
Pinocchio's only fault was that he had too many friends. Among these were many well-known rascals, who cared not a jot for study or for success.
Take care, Pinocchio! Those bad companions will sooner or later make you lose your love for study. Some day they will lead you astray.
"Have you heard the news?" "No!" "A shark as big as a mountain has been seen near the shore."
What do you care about school? You can go there tomorrow.
"And what will the teacher say?" "Let him talk. He is paid to grumble all day long."
Let's see who gets there first!
Poor boy! If he had only known then the dreadful things that were to happen to him on account of his disobedience!
There was no sign of a shark.
Hey there, boys! Where's that shark?
Pinocchio understood that the boys had played a trick on him.
The joke's on you.
Aren't you ashamed of being such a goody-goody, and of studying so hard? You never have a bit of enjoyment.
"What do you want me to do?" "Hate school and books and teachers, as we all do. They are your worst enemies, you know, and they like to make you as unhappy as they can."
We are tired of hearing you bragging about yourself, you little turkey cock!
You may not be afraid of us, but remember we are not afraid of you, either!
"You are alone, you know, and we are seven." "Like the seven sins," said Pinocchio, still laughing.
Pinocchio, apologize for that, or look out!
We'll whip you soundly!
You'll go home with a broken nose!
Pinocchio, although alone, defended himself bravely.
Stop fighting, you rascals! These battles between boys rarely end well. Trouble is sure to come to you!
Among all his books, he liked that one the best.
Oh, Mother, help! I'm dying!
Eugene! My poor Eugene! Open your eyes and look at me! Why don't you answer?
Mind you don't fall off the ladder.
I'm not going to fall off the ladder, am I?
Are you not frightened?
In which city are you?
In which town are you?
I made Tom an offer he couldn't refuse.
You made Tom an offer he couldn't refuse, didn't you?
He made Tom an offer he couldn't refuse.
Ken made Tom an offer he couldn't refuse.
She made Tom an offer he couldn't refuse.
Mary made Tom an offer he couldn't refuse.
We made Tom an offer he couldn't refuse.
They made Tom an offer he couldn't refuse.
I like to observe birds.
You like to observe birds, don't you?
He likes to observe birds.
She likes to observe birds.
Mary likes to observe birds.
We like to observe birds.
They like to observe birds.
I am not fond of pets.
Her plan is dangerous.
You are not fond of pets, are you?
He is not fond of pets.
She is not fond of pets.
Mary is not fond of pets.
We are not fond of pets.
They are not fond of pets.
I joined the navy after finishing college.
You joined the navy after finishing college, didn't you?
He joined the navy after finishing college.
She joined the navy after finishing college.
Mary joined the navy after finishing college.
Which one did you choose?
Which game did you choose?
We joined the navy after finishing college.
They joined the navy after finishing college.
I named my dog Rex.
You named your dog Rex, didn't you?
He named his dog Rex.
She named her dog Rex.
Mary named her dog Rex.
We named our dog Rex.
They named their dog Rex.
I love studying music.
You love studying music, don't you?
He loves studying music.
She loves studying music.
Mary loves studying music.
We love studying music.
They love studying music.
I love listening to classical music.
You love listening to classical music, don't you?
He loves listening to classical music.
She loves listening to classical music.
Mary loves listening to classical music.
We love listening to classical music.
They love listening to classical music.
The shape of the fingernails and their length is such a personal matter that as a result it's difficult to give advice.
I just missed the train.
You just missed the train, didn't you?
He just missed the train.
She just missed the train.
Mary just missed the train.
We just missed the train.
They just missed the train.
If our lives of faults were free, think how dull they all would be.
I can't make up my mind.
You can't make up your mind, can you?
He can't make up his mind.
She can't make up her mind.
Mary can't make up her mind.
We can't make up our mind.
They can't make up their mind.
I made up my mind to go to law school.
You made up your mind to go to law school, didn't you?
He made up his mind to go to law school.
She made up her mind to go to law school.
Mary made up her mind to go to law school.
We made up our mind to go to law school.
They made up their mind to go to law school.
I stood in the middle of the room.
You stood in the middle of the room, didn't you?
He stood in the middle of the room.
Mary stood in the middle of the room.
We stood in the middle of the room.
They stood in the middle of the room.
I took out a loan in order to buy a car.
You took out a loan in order to buy a car, didn't you?
Our Chinese guests ordered a dog for dinner.
He took out a loan in order to buy a car.
She took out a loan in order to buy a car.
Mary took out a loan in order to buy a car.
We took out a loan in order to buy a car.
They took out a loan in order to buy a car.
I like reading English literature.
You like reading English literature, don't you?
He likes reading English literature.
She likes reading English literature.
Mary likes reading English literature.
We like reading English literature.
They like reading English literature.
We are in part responsible for it.
I majored in literature at the university.
You majored in literature at the university, didn't you?
He majored in literature at the university.
She majored in literature at the university.
Mary majored in literature at the university.
We majored in literature at the university.
They majored in literature at the university.
I have been struck by lightning three times.
You have been struck by lightning three times, isn't it?
He has been struck by lightning three times.
She has been struck by lightning three times.
Mary has been struck by lightning three times.
We have been struck by lightning three times.
They have been struck by lightning three times.
I lied about taking the money.
You lied about taking the money, didn't you?
He lied about taking the money.
She lied about taking the money.
Mary lied about taking the money.
We lied about taking the money.
They lied about taking the money.
I left the building at about p.m.
You left the building at about p.m., didn't you?
He left the building at about p.m.
She left the building at about p.m.
Mary left the building at about p.m.
We left the building at about p.m.
They left the building at about p.m.
I know many things.
You know many things, don't you?
He knows many things.
She knows many things.
Mary knows many things.
We know many things.
They know many things.
You don't know your neighbors, do you?
He doesn't know his neighbors.
She doesn't know her neighbors.
Mary doesn't know her neighbors.
They don't know their neighbors.
I kiss my child a hundred times a day.
You kiss your child a hundred times a day, don't you?
He kisses his child a hundred times a day.
She kisses her child a hundred times a day.
Mary kisses her child a hundred times a day.
We kiss our child a hundred times a day.
They kiss their child a hundred times a day.
I just left.
You just left, didn't you?
Mary just left.
We just left.
I was injured in a car accident.
You were injured in a car accident, weren't you?
He was injured in a car accident.
Mary was injured in a car accident.
We were injured in a car accident.
They were injured in a car accident.
I raise Arabian horses.
You raise Arabian horses, don't you?
He raises Arabian horses.
She raises Arabian horses.
Mary raises Arabian horses.
We raise Arabian horses.
They raise Arabian horses.
I hid my worries from my wife.
You hid your worries from your wife, didn't you?
You hid your worries from your wives, didn't you?
He hid his worries from his wife.
We hid our worries from our wives.
They hid their worries from their wives.
I hate getting up early in the morning.
You hate getting up early in the morning, don't you?
He hates getting up early in the morning.
She hates getting up early in the morning.
Mary hates getting up early in the morning.
We hate getting up early in the morning.
They hate getting up early in the morning.
I hate raw onions.
You hate raw onions, don't you?
He hates raw onions.
She hates raw onions.
Mary hates raw onions.
We hate raw onions.
They hate raw onions.
I prefer whole-grain cereals.
You prefer whole-grain cereals, don't you?
He prefers whole-grain cereals.
She prefers whole-grain cereals.
Mary prefers whole-grain cereals.
We prefer whole-grain cereals.
They prefer whole-grain cereals.
I signed this petition.
My goal is to own a home before I'm thirty.
What mistake was that?
I owe you a beer.
I owe you a dinner.
I owe you a breakfast.
They drink some beer.
There's some milk in the bottle.
Today shall be the longest day ever!
You didn't pass the test?
Someone got a tan.
I replied to you.
Your goal is to own a home before you're thirty, isn't it?
His goal is to own a home before he's thirty.
Her goal is to own a home before she's thirty.
Mary's goal is to own a home before she's thirty.
Our goal is to own a home before we are thirty.
Their goal is to own a home before they are thirty.
You have gained weight.
She has gained weight.
Mary has gained weight.
We have gained weight.
They have gained weight.
I won a free car.
What a nitpicker!
You won a free car, didn't you?
He won a free car.
She won a free car.
Mary won a free car.
We won a free car.
They won a free car.
I saw his former employer at a conference.
You saw your former employer at a conference, didn't you?
He saw his former employer at a conference.
She saw her former employer at a conference.
Mary saw her former employer at a conference.
We saw our former employer at a conference.
The Melbourne police raided the bookstore for violating censorship laws.
They saw their former employer at a conference.
I speak two foreign languages.
You speak two foreign languages, don't you?
It seems that there are people in Japan who keep penguins as pets.
He speaks two foreign languages.
She speaks two foreign languages.
Mary speaks two foreign languages.
Do you really love Tom?
We speak two foreign languages.
Tom arrived at the train station at o'clock.
They speak two foreign languages.
Tom copies dirty example sentences he finds in his dictionary into his notebook and memorizes them.
I can fix the heater.
"Despite appearances, you're a pervert." "I'm not a pervert. I'm a pure and innocent young girl." "Yeah, yeah, give me a break."
You can fix the heater, can't you?
He can fix the heater.
She can fix the heater.
Mary can fix the heater.
We can fix the heater.
They can fix the heater.
I finished the race.
You finished the race, didn't you?
Among all cheeses, the one that I like is Camembert. I love its smell because it makes me nostalgic.
He finished the race.
She finished the race.
Mary finished the race.
We finished the race.
They finished the race.
Tom is very good friend, but he looks like a wild boar so I don't consider him a potential love interest.
Mr. Cameron forgot his daughter at the pub.
I see Tom as cunning rather than clever.
Mary is not just cute, she's a real beauty.
Tom and Mary exchange more than text messages every day.
I was lucky to find my keys.
You were lucky to find your keys.
He was lucky to find his keys.
She was lucky to find her keys.
Tom forgot his suitcase inside the train.
Mary was lucky to find her keys.
We were lucky to find our keys.
They were lucky to find their keys.
I am taking my final exam.
You are taking your final exam, aren't you?
He is taking his final exam.
She is taking her final exam.
Mary is taking her final exam.
We are taking our final exam.
They are taking their final exam.
This reviewer will also ever pray in the interest of the English language that the word "cute" be banished from the pages of serious literature.
She's an all-American girl.
Why does she call me cute? Cute is such a dumb word. I'm not a rabbit.
The dishes and silverware are Japanese-styled but the food is French-style cooking at this restaurant.
I could barely stand the pain.
Of course I love her!
I need to think about it. I'll try to find another way to word it.
I have to think about it. I'll try to find another wording.
I'll need to think about it. I'll try to come up with another way to word it.
Can you take me?
Go by yourself!
She has a talent for writing.
On account of the storm, he didn't arrive.
As a result of the storm, he didn't arrive.
Due to the storm, he didn't arrive.
Ignorance has no limits.
Where is my diary?
Are you all learning Esperanto?
I love twilight.
What are the positives?
What are the positive aspects?
It's not appropriate to wear a red miniskirt to a funeral.
I'm not pulling out their teeth.
I can't read lips.
Should I learn Esperanto?
I am an engineer.
He is not a student.
She is not a student.
Her boyfriend's a nice lad.
I normally have a shower before bed.
My house is more comfortable than yours.
I, too, am worried about Tom.
Tom and Mary adopted a child from Russia.
Mary has a Garmin GPS.
Tom has a TomTom.
Something similar happened to me.
Tom prepares food in front of the customers in his restaurant, Tom's tavern, that's known throughout the city.
I've been waiting an hour.
Tom slept on the inflatable mattress.
Please give me the same thing.
Life is a beautiful thing and there's so much to smile about.
Tom adopted a Russian sentence.
We took the fastest train in the world from the airport to the city center.
My child likes to sleep between me and my wife.
You don’t have to be on time.
Pope Francis will return to Rio in 2016.
Did life on Earth start on Mars?
The policeman asked if Maria had greeted me with a wave, a hug or a kiss.
He smiled at the girl.
I saw many familiar faces.
Tom fell in love with a Russian girl he met online.
Please stand back!
Tom bought a bottle of vodka and some perfume at the duty-free shop.
How many cats are there in the garden?
There are some old houses in this street.
There are some old houses on this street.
Cocaine is a drug.
Heroin is a drug.
The man is a policeman.
The lemon is yellow.
The table is red.
Luxembourg is a small country.
The plate is dirty.
The knife is dirty.
The fork is dirty.
Tom follows a paleo diet.
My sleigh is white.
She's cleaning the book.
The spoon is dirty.
I'd like to have a spoon.
I'd like to have a knife.
This meal is delicious and cheap.
This meal is healthy, delicious and cheap.
Most students don't have a lot of money.
I want a glass.
Thanks, bud!
Thanks, buddy!
Tom doesn't have forks or knives. He eats everything with spoons.
The people have spoken.
The bed is very comfortable.
The flag is a national symbol.
I want a knife.
I want a new knife.
The pencil is black.
Do they do that often?
There seemingly was an awful storm in the night. There must have been quite a commotion, but I didn't hear a thing.
How cold does it get in Australia?
Give me back my hat.
Give Tom what he wants.
Those were the best years of my life.
Why do you hang out with Tom all the time?
It is rainy.
Which do you like, green tea or black tea?
As is often the case with to year olds, she's conceited.
As is often the case with teenagers, she's conceited.
It started raining, so I got under my friend's umbrella.
Even though her salary is low, she works hard for that company.
Tom's been blacklisted.
How much medicine do you take every day?
It's a very simple idea.
Hope doesn't put food on the table.
If you prick us, do we not bleed?
The recession is coming to an end.
Tom took off his socks.
You won prizes in the spelling competition, didn't you?
What's worrying you, Tom?
Tom drives faster than Mary.
Tom is a very sensitive person.
Haven't I told you not to call me Tom?
I told you not to call me Tom, didn't I?
It's a bottomless glass.
I passed one test, but failed the other.
You passed one test, but failed the other, didn't you?
He passed one test, but failed the other.
She passed one test, but failed the other.
Mary passed one test, but failed the other.
We passed one test, but failed the other.
They passed one test, but failed the other.
We must make up our minds about the implementation of the project.
I appreciated your kindness.
I am making spare parts in a car factory.
You are making spare parts in a car factory, aren't you?
He is making spare parts in a car factory.
She is making spare parts in a car factory.
Mary is making spare parts in a car factory.
We are making spare parts in a car factory.
They are making spare parts in a car factory.
I like the extreme cold of Alaska.
You like the extreme cold of Alaska, don't you?
He likes the extreme cold of Alaska.
She likes the extreme cold of Alaska.
Mary likes the extreme cold of Alaska.
We like the extreme cold of Alaska.
They like the extreme cold of Alaska.
I got extraordinary grades.
You got extraordinary grades, didn't you?
He is always immune to criticism.
He got extraordinary grades.
She got extraordinary grades.
Mary got extraordinary grades.
We got extraordinary grades.
They got extraordinary grades.
I experienced a pain in my leg.
You experienced a pain in your leg, didn't you?
You experienced a pain in your legs, didn't you?
He experienced a pain in his leg.
She experienced a pain in her leg.
Mary experienced a pain in her leg.
We experienced a pain in our legs.
They experienced a pain in their legs.
I have a lot of experience in computers.
You have a lot of experience in computers, don't you?
My house is on your left as you go up the street towards the church.
The last installment of this story will come out in the next issue.
Newspaper stands are scattered here and there throughout the city.
For instance, what would you have done if you were in my place?
That hospital is one of the oldest institutions in the city.
Tom considered it an insult not to be invited to the party.
You have to unpack your luggage for customs inspection.
The children have been instructed to take their places.
You don't need much intelligence to understand that.
I have an interest in my uncle's business in Boston.
Tom was committed to an institution for the insane.
When will they finish installing the electricity?
The apple looked good, but the inside was rotten.
Tom climbed up so high that we couldn't see him.
Tom held his breath till he got to the surface.
The heat of the furnace warmed the whole house.
My father hinted that it was time to go to bed.
We were instructed on how to run the machines.
How much insurance do you carry on your house?
The instructions are attached to the machine.
In the heat of the argument, Tom struck John.
There are holes in the heels of these socks.
Would you like another helping of potatoes?
Tom hinted that we should pay for the room.
Tom and Mary hit it off from the beginning.
The visitors were herded into the elevator.
Tom was tired and fell into a heavy sleep.
The temperature will be pretty high today.
The history of France is very interesting.
Tom hesitated before making the decision.
The telephone hasn't been installed yet.
Can I pay you tomorrow instead of today?
Tom made four hits and missed the rest.
Tom and Mary are hiding in those woods.
The theft must have been an inside job.
In the morning, there was a heavy rain.
Why is Tom in such high spirits today?
I helped the old man cross the street.
Don't hesitate to call if you need me.
Tom is never on hand when I want him.
Tom hid his money in a bureau drawer.
The work was held up for three weeks.
That building is three stories high.
My shoes are worn down at the heels.
Let me know the instant Tom arrives.
Tom works in a hit-or-miss fashion.
Tom tried to interest me in tennis.
Who helps you with your housework?
That book is of no interest to me.
May I see the inside of the house?
Mary's very presence inspired Tom.
I got this information firsthand.
Tom held office for a long time.
Try to hold on a little longer.
They held out against all odds.
Prices have reached a new high.
Mary held the baby in her arms.
I hit my knee against the door.
Tom held the book in his hand.
The dogs help herd the cattle.
My son here will help you out.
I'll heat up the soup for you.
How much interest does it pay?
I was only hired temporarily.
I have a high opinion of Tom.
This bottle holds one liter.
Why do you insist on going?
Tom lost his hold and fell.
This book is heavy reading.
I insist that I'm innocent.
Tom was left high and dry.
Tom fell and hurt himself.
The car holds five people.
Sorry, it can't be helped.
Let's wait till high tide.
Is that too heavy for you?
Have you hidden anything?
What do you want instead?
The light hit Tom's eyes.
I was held up last night.
Don't turn it inside out.
The hour hand is broken.
Is this intended for me?
How did you hit on that?
Tom's field is history.
This price is too high.
The ball hit the fence.
Does this interest you?
Come here this instant.
Mary sang a high note.
Can't you take a hint?
This rug is handmade.
That movie was a hit.
Come here, young man.
You're an awful hog.
I hid it somewhere.
Don't hog the road.
Don't be insulted.
Are you insured?
You have arrived at the bottom.
Tom's life is insured for three hundred thousand dollars.
She comes from the north.
Put down your pencil and listen.
He has a lot of experience in computers.
She has a lot of experience in computers.
Mary has a lot of experience in computers.
We have a lot of experience in computers.
They have a lot of experience in computers.
I was expelled from school for fighting.
You were expelled from school for fighting, weren't you?
He was expelled from school for fighting.
She was expelled from school for fighting.
Mary was expelled from school for fighting.
We were expelled from school for fighting.
It is not right to vex ourselves at things, for they care nought about it.
They were expelled from school for fighting.
I like all vegetables except cabbage.
I had never thought about that.
I had never thought about it.
You like all vegetables except cabbage, don't you?
He likes all vegetables except cabbage.
She likes all vegetables except cabbage.
Mary likes all vegetables except cabbage.
We like all vegetables except cabbage.
They like all vegetables except cabbage.
I decided to enter the room.
You decided to enter the room, didn't you?
What good has there ever been in getting angry at things which don't even care that we're angry?
He decided to enter the room.
Even June is not so far off.
She decided to enter the room.
Mary decided to enter the room.
We decided to enter the room.
They decided to enter the room.
I don't have enough friends.
You don't have enough friends, do you?
He doesn't have enough friends.
She doesn't have enough friends.
Mary doesn't have enough friends.
We don't have enough friends.
They don't have enough friends.
I enjoy reading novels.
You enjoy reading novels, don't you?
He enjoys reading novels.
She enjoys reading novels.
Mary enjoys reading novels.
We enjoy reading novels.
They enjoy reading novels.
I wanted an economy car.
You wanted an economy car, didn't you?
He wanted an economy car.
She wanted an economy car.
Mary wanted an economy car.
We wanted an economy car.
They wanted an economy car.
I drowned in the ocean.
You drowned in the ocean, didn't you?
He drowned in the ocean.
She drowned in the ocean.
We drowned in the ocean.
Mary drowned in the ocean.
They drowned in the ocean.
I want to donate money.
You want to donate money, don't you?
He wants to donate money.
She wants to donate money.
Mary wants to donate money.
We want to donate money.
They want to donate money.
I divided the bread into two pieces.
You divided the bread into two pieces, didn't you?
He divided the bread into two pieces.
She divided the bread into two pieces.
Mary divided the bread into two pieces.
We divided the bread into two pieces.
They divided the bread into two pieces.
I learned to dive when I was five.
You learned to dive when you were five, didn't you?
He learned to dive when he was five.
She learned to dive when she was five.
Mary learned to dive when she was five.
We learned to dive when we were five.
They learned to dive when they were five.
I dismissed what Mary was saying.
You dismissed what Mary was saying, didn't you?
He dismissed what Mary was saying.
She dismissed what Mary was saying.
Lucy dismissed what Mary was saying.
You should've followed Tom's advice.
Tom should've followed Mary's advice.
We dismissed what Mary was saying.
They dismissed what Mary was saying.
I have a desire to be wealthy.
You have a desire to be wealthy, don't you?
He has a desire to be wealthy.
She has a desire to be wealthy.
Mary has a desire to be wealthy.
We have a desire to be wealthy.
They have a desire to be wealthy.
It's so simple that even a child can do it.
I haven't called.
You haven't called, have you?
I didn't know what to do after that.
He hasn't called.
She hasn't called.
Mary hasn't called.
We haven't called.
They haven't called.
You are concerned about Tom, aren't you?
He is concerned about Tom.
She is concerned about Tom.
Mary is concerned about Tom.
Ken is concerned about Tom.
We are concerned about Tom.
They are concerned about Tom.
I compete in ski races.
You compete in ski races, don't you?
He competes in ski races.
She competes in ski races.
Mary competes in ski races.
We compete in ski races.
They compete in ski races.
I collected coffee cups.
You collected coffee cups, didn't you?
He collected coffee cups.
She collected coffee cups.
Mary collected coffee cups.
We collected coffee cups.
They collected coffee cups.
Is the park open today?
I love to climb mountains.
You love to climb mountains, don't you?
He loves to climb mountains.
She loves to climb mountains.
Mary loves to climb mountains.
We love to climb mountains.
They love to climb mountains.
A boy is a kid.
I just cleaned my room.
You just cleaned your room, didn't you?
He just cleaned his room.
In German, "Mädchen" actually takes a neutral article, like most nouns that end in "-chen".
She just cleaned her room.
Mary just cleaned her room.
We just cleaned our room.
They just cleaned their room.
He's drinking water.
I want to become a citizen.
You want to become a citizen, don't you?
You want to become citizens, don't you?
He wants to become a citizen.
She wants to become a citizen.
Mary wants to become a citizen.
He's so cute when he does that.
We want to become citizens.
They want to become citizens.
I caught the ball.
You caught the ball, didn't you?
He caught the ball.
She caught the ball.
Mary caught the ball.
We caught the ball.
They caught the ball.
I am not being careful.
You are not being careful.
He is not being careful.
She is not being careful.
Mary is not being careful.
We are not being careful.
They are not being careful.
Did you know that the star nearest to Earth is the Sun?
I was very impressed.
I come home at 2:30.
I come home at 2:on Tuesdays and Thursdays.
He's a Pisces.
She's a Pisces.
Please listen and type in Spanish.
I spent a week in the hospital.
Nice to meet you!
Glad to meet you!
Forgive me for asking this.
I wish Friday was over and done with.
Was she always that fat?
Has Tom always been fat?
Has Tom always been overweight?
Has Mary always been fat?
Has Mary always been overweight?
It was indifference.
Mary is Tom's personal assistant.
The plates are dirty.
Adidas and Puma are Bavarian shoe companies started by two rival brothers: Adolf and Rudolf.
They are going on a bar crawl.
The two brothers never reconciled.
Tom got lost inside the manor.
"Do you know where Tom is?" "I'm Tom!" replied Tom.
I smashed the glass.
Put that down!
He's like a big teddy bear.
Do you ever feel I'm breaking down?
The world's oceans are acidifying.
Jellyfish are taking over the oceans.
This politician proposed a green tax to fight global warming.
Hope doesn't feed our familes.
Everything went back in place.
I am a snail and snails are never in a hurry.
"Tomorrow your wish will come true." "And what is it?" "Tomorrow you will cease to be a Marionette and will become a real boy."
Pinocchio was beside himself with joy.
The day promised to be a very gay and happy one, but— Unluckily, in a marionette's life there's always a "but" which is apt to spoil everything.
You may invite your friends to tomorrow's party. Only remember to return home before dark. Do you understand?
I'll be back in one hour without fail.
Boys give promises very easily, but they as easily forget them.
Boys who do not listen to their elders always come to grief.
We shall see if you are telling the truth.
In the Land of Toys, every day, except Sunday, is a Saturday. Vacation begins on the first of January and ends on the last day of December.
That is the place for me!
The wagon was drawn by twelve pair of donkeys, all of the same size, but all of different color.
The wagon was so closely packed with boys of all ages that it looked like a box of sardines.
The thought that in a few hours they would reach a country where there were no schools, no books, no teachers, made these boys so happy that they felt neither hunger, nor thirst, nor sleep, nor discomfort.
Tell me, my fine boy, do you also want to come to my wonderful country?
I want to return home, as I prefer to study and to succeed in life.
The little fat man did not laugh.
This great land was entirely different from any other place in the world. Its population, large though it was, was composed wholly of boys. The oldest were about fourteen years of age, the youngest, eight.
Everywhere groups of boys were gathered together. Some played at marbles, at hopscotch, at ball. Others rode on bicycles or on wooden horses.
His manly figure was adorned and enriched by a beautiful pair of donkey's ears.
He began to cry, to scream, to knock his head against the wall, but the more he shrieked, the longer and the more hairy grew his ears.
Within two or three hours you will become a real donkey, just like the ones that pull the fruit carts to market.
Oh, what have I done? What have I done?
Fate has decreed that all lazy boys who come to hate books and schools and teachers and spend all their days with toys and games must sooner or later turn into donkeys.
Tears now are useless. You should have thought of all this before.
"How are you?" "Very well. Like a mouse in a Parmesan cheese."
They laughed and laughed, and laughed again—laughed till they ached—laughed till they cried.
As they ran, their arms turned into legs, their faces lengthened into snouts and their backs became covered with long gray hairs.
The applause grew to a roar when Pinocchio, the famous donkey, appeared in the circus ring.
There, in front of him, in a box sat a beautiful woman. Around her neck she wore a long gold chain, from which hung a large medallion.
The next morning the veterinary—that is, the animal doctor—declared that he would be lame for the rest of his life.
His new owner took him to a high cliff overlooking the sea, put a stone around his neck, tied a rope to one of his hind feet, gave him a push, and threw him into the water.
I am going to take you to the market once more and sell you as dry firewood.
That sea monster was no other than the enormous shark, which has often been mentioned in this story and which, on account of its cruelty, had been nicknamed "The Attila of the Sea" by both fish and fishermen.
"But I don't want to be digested," shouted Pinocchio, starting to sob.
I am wise enough to think that if one is born a fish, it is more dignified to die under the water than in the frying pan.
"Are my eyes really telling me the truth?" answered the old man, rubbing his eyes. "Are you really my own dear Pinocchio?"
This candle you see here is the last one I have.
And in any case, if it is written that we must die, we shall at least die together.
Follow me and have no fear.
The shark, being very old and suffering from asthma and heart trouble, was obliged to sleep with his mouth open.
The time has come for us to escape.
Be careful not to slip!
We must try again. Come with me and don't be afraid.
Climb on my back and hold on tightly to my neck. I'll take care of everything else.
I am like a cat. I see better at night than by day.
Give us some alms, we beg of you! We are old, tired, and sick.
You cheated me once, but you will never catch me again.
Stolen money never bears fruit.
Bad wheat always makes poor bread.
Whoever steals his neighbor's shirt, usually dies without his own.
I shall remember the lesson you have taught me.
I know that donkey! I have seen him before.
What! You had donkeys in your school?
The snail, much against her usual habit, began to run like a lizard under the summer sun.
People seem to be magnetically attracted to Tom.
Boys who love and take good care of their parents when they are old and sick, deserve praise.
What was his surprise and his joy when, on looking himself over, he saw that he was no longer a marionette, but that he had become a real live boy!
He rubbed his eyes two or three times, wondering if he were still asleep or awake and decided he must be awake.
Do you like cats?
When bad boys become good and kind, they have the power of making their homes gay and new with happiness.
How ridiculous I was as a marionette! And how happy I am, now that I have become a real boy!
Maria is an aspiring doctor of Physics; in her free time however, she works as an astrologer and card reader.
At first, everything proceeded according to plan.
Be careful not to slip.
Be careful not to trip.
The Elbe Philharmonic Hall is a symbol of HafenCity, a new quarter of the German city Hamburg.
Be careful not to hurt Tom's feelings.
Be careful not to burn yourself.
I need someone to look after my son while he is outdoors.
After cutting habanero peppers, be careful not to rub your eyes.
Barack Obama was reelected President of the United States.
Be careful not to overcook the carrots.
Be careful not to make any mistakes.
Be careful not to wake Tom up.
Be careful not to do anything to upset Tom.
Be careful not to spill gasoline when filling the tank on your lawn mower.
The dismantling of the British Empire was relatively peaceful.
Be careful when crossing the street.
Bob will be back at o'clock.
You have stopped smoking.
You've given up smoking.
I hear you've given up smoking.
I hear you've quit smoking.
I hear you've stopped smoking.
I've always done it that way.
I can never get Tom on the phone.
I keep calling, but I can't get a hold of Tom.
I've been calling Tom all morning, but I can't get a hold of him.
I've just arrived and I don't know anyone.
"To live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people exist, that is all."
He whispered to him: "I love you."
He attacked me from the rear.
The team is ready for the match.
Germans are perfectionists.
I hope Tom writes soon.
Hi, my name is Tom and I'm your waiter.
"Look! A red and white mushroom! It looks so tasty!" "No, don't eat it. It's poisonous."
I've seen nobody except you.
I may not agree with what you say, but I'll listen.
I'll be waiting for my passport.
I took a taxi to the train station.
I take a taxi to the train station once or twice a week.
I always do it.
Its origin and purpose is still a total mystery.
I can still remember a little French.
You idiot! Look at what you've done!
I went to the airport to meet my father.
In spite of being fat, she was pretty.
Even though Mary is fat, she's quite pretty.
Doctor, I've got an itch in my crotch.
Have you ever seen a guy's thing?
Hey, have you seen a guy's junk before?
Hey, have you ever seen a guy's privates before?
Tom and Mary have gotten back together.
Everything is now back where it belongs.
This is neither new nor unknown.
Since tomorrow's Monday, Ken will probably come.
It's likely that Tom will be the one who comes.
Tom will probably be the one who comes.
He kicks me.
Tom's work is sloppy.
She bought a baby chick.
No one's in the bath.
Nobody's taking a bath right now.
Tom is liked by everyone.
Everyone likes Tom.
I had no idea you were a surgeon.
You can depend on Jack.
Tom lost his credibility.
We don't trust Tom anymore.
He looks very sleepy.
Tom has a wide range of interests.
It wasn't my mistake.
Tom took his socks off.
You all did good work.
You all did well.
We all did well.
Peace and love...
I want to hear your voice.
When I find myself in trouble, I try to find a way to get out of it.
He became an American citizen.
I want to eat some cheese.
How do you like our city?
Jack can be depended on.
He came down a peg in the eyes of public opinion.
That candle isn't white.
Those candles aren't white.
I picked a daisy for her.
Your salary is based on commissions.
I speak Bosnian.
I don't speak Bosnian.
The life of a human isn't easy.
Learning a language is not easy.
Today I visited a museum.
You are not funny.
This was not a joke.
You didn't tell a joke.
Your jokes aren't funny.
You will be famous.
Tom is in Boston on business.
Tom went to Boston on business.
Tom worked until late at night.
He worked until late at night.
If Tom comes, please let me know.
Tom's health is improving.
If Tom comes, won't you please let me know?
Tom's heart was filled with sorrow.
If Tom comes, please tell me.
I can't follow Tom's logic.
Tom's face lit up with joy.
Tom likes Italian food.
Tom isn't very good at mathematics.
Tom is always short of money.
How I wish I could help you.
He isn't very good at math.
Your salary is commission-based.
Tom always tries to have his own way.
It seems that Tom is lying.
Tom jumped into the water with a splash.
Tom is just my age.
Tom is suffering from a bad headache.
Tom is liked by everybody.
Tom will make a good doctor.
Tom came back from Australia.
Tom played the part of Hamlet.
Tom lost his balance and fell down.
Tom does nothing but play all day.
Tom has an incurable disease.
Tom still writes to me from time to time.
Tom disappeared in the crowd.
Tom is the last person I want to see now.
Tom is in London on business now.
Tom is absorbed in his work.
Tom is the type of a person who calls a spade a spade.
Tom made up his mind to be a teacher.
Tom put off his departure till Sunday.
Tom always worries about his daughter.
Tom believes in the existence of ghosts.
Tom was transferred to the head office in Boston.
Tom was arrested for murder.
Tom was born and raised in Boston.
Tom was painfully thin.
Tom was visibly nervous.
Tom lives in a world of fantasy.
Don't exceed the speed limit.
Tom's bag was badly damaged.
This is where I was born and raised.
I think I'm sick.
Tom still sometimes writes to me.
Tom decided to become a teacher.
Tom postponed his departure till Sunday.
Tom believes that ghosts exist.
Tom is exactly the same age as me.
Welcome to the other side.
I like mixing coffee and cocoa.
The cane works for training dogs, but people need instruction.
Conditioning is fine for animals, but people need more advanced lessons.
Besides, by contributing, not only will you be helpful to the rest of the world, but you will also get to learn a lot.
What a brainless numpty.
The two neighbouring countries differ from each other in all respects.
An existence without positive affirmations and resolutions will turn out to be secure but insignificant.
I do not want to see their perverted smirks.
He fell asleep with the window open.
What's the difference between Cantonese and Mandarin?
He's arrogant and selfish.
I'm not ugly, but I'm not pretty either.
You should trim your fingernails.
Not everything should be based on money.
He refused to conform.
She refused to conform.
He won the genetic lottery.
She admits that she won the genetic lottery.
He's an antihero.
He never forgot her.
This house has a smart meter.
Tom wears a tinfoil hat to protect his brain from harmful radiation.
Her mother is calling you.
I'm not normal.
This evening we will go to church.
She says there is a hidden treasure here.
I'm in none of the pictures, because I took them.
Get some Danish pastries.
Let me take that.
He's useless.
She's completely useless.
After having anal sex with my boyfriend, we usually need to have a good wash.
Smoking is banned in restaurants and bars.
What about Tom?
The spider tickles me.
I've got something very important to say.
I'll come over to your place at the start of the holidays.
I'll be passing by your house at the start of the vacation.
He dumped me over the phone.
Tom and Mary had an argument over a text message.
She was dumped by her boyfriend via a text message.
I'll pay you a visit at home when it's the holidays.
Tom lives in a fantasy world.
I've got no money left.
He gave the go-ahead.
Get rid of him.
"We need to get rid of the body," said Tom.
While she distracted Tom, her boyfriend stole his wallet.
It is hard to translate a joke into another language.
You should think of this as an opportunity.
Many bees died during the winter.
Which movie did you watch today?
What are the advantages and drawbacks of this method?
I'll pop by at the start of the holidays.
Even spending just ten minutes a day on this website will be beneficial.
There's a beach party tonight.
Mary has a written a new play called "The Little Merman" and hopes that Tom will star in it.
I think you'd better talk to her.
I think you'd better talk to him.
I couldn't have said it better.
Heike was pleasantly surprised when Dieter responded favorably to her advances.
I think you'd better talk to Tom.
The young men play and the old men watch.
You may say anything but the truth.
The younger men played while the older men watched.
They had one more day left in Germany.
Nothing can travel faster than the speed of light in a vacuum.
Maybe I should rephrase that.
The product was mislabelled.
The cans were mislabeled.
When was the last time you saw your children?
The speed limit was mph.
Even though the posted speed limit was miles per hour, Tom was driving much faster.
Even though the speed limit was miles per hour, Tom was driving much faster.
Tom usually drives about kph over the speed limit.
Tom usually drives about ten kilometers per hour over the speed limit.
Jesus walked on water.
Tom tried to walk on water, but he sank to the bottom.
We went on a long walk together.
"Did Jesus walk over water and then turn it into wine?" "No, that's a different story!"
He made me laugh.
Love is possible.
They kissed in the back of the car.
I squeezed his hand.
He's rude, arrogant and ignorant.
Not everybody is the same.
That was uncalled for.
No one knows her.
Do we have a good Japanese parent who can adopt a few sentences on Tatoeba?
The burglar got in through a broken window.
Tell her which bus to get on.
Tell her which train to catch.
Tell her which train she should get on.
A translation is always also an interpretation.
Shall we take a cab?
It's been years since I played tennis.
I haven't played tennis in years.
I don't think married people should have secrets from each other.
I hear that you're very good at what you do.
I knew I should've given you a stronger dose.
I never should've hired Tom.
I think we should have Tom do that for us.
I wish I'd brought some snacks.
I wish I'd made better use of my time.
Tom always thinks he's right.
Tom just never should've been there.
Tom should have some good advice.
We should have a celebration, Tom.
We should have a drink.
We should have breakfast together.
We should have no trouble.
We should have some more wine.
We should have the results in a couple of hours.
We think you're doing very well here.
You should have a light on.
You should have more faith in yourself.
You should have one of us do it.
You should have your eyes checked.
You should've been here.
You should've left it to me.
You should've told me the truth.
You two should have a lot in common.
If you tell a German to meet you at half seven, they will most likely arrive at half six.
Why do you get up before waking up?
Tom has a possible solution.
Tom has everything a boy could possibly want.
Tom has no secrets from me.
Tom got into his car and slammed the door.
Tom helped Mary move the sofa to other side of the room.
Tom is out in the yard, raking leaves.
Tom is on the other side of the river.
Tom lives on the other side of the valley.
The supermarket is on the other side of the street.
Tom waited in his car across the street from the bank.
Tom sat on the side of his bed and pulled on his socks.
Tom walked past the three policemen who were standing on the corner.
Tom seems so much smarter than any of his classmates.
Tom's smarter than you, you know.
You're smarter than you look.
Tom's smarter than Mary.
Tom's smarter than we are.
Tom threw the car keys to Mary and she caught them.
Tom walked down the street toward the church.
Tom walked into the kitchen, carrying a bag of groceries.
Tom and his friends walked down the street, singing a song.
You must help him, quickly!
Tom put the twenty-dollar bill that Mary gave him in his shirt pocket.
I forgot what I was about to say.
She gave the go-ahead.
It was him who got rid of me.
Seriously though, episode made me laugh so hard I almost cried.
I'm so fed up of everything.
The name of João's sister is Joana.
Tom's sister's name is Mary.
I thank you for your help.
You have to help him, and quickly!
You have to help her, but quickly.
Tom's name was at the top of the list.
Tom is one of our top engineers.
Tom sat on top of his desk, looking out the window.
Tom bent down and touched his toes.
Tom is in town for the weekend.
I need an envelope and a piece of paper. I also need either a pencil or a pen.
Did you drink this orange juice?
Apparently, that's not correct.
Obviously, Tom isn't interested.
Obviously, you don't understand.
You obviously don't understand.
Unfortunately, we don't have what you want.
Unfortunately, Tom won't be able to attend your party.
I am going to Tokyo tomorrow.
I've just lost my new black wallet.
Tom visited Australia three years ago.
Tom and I had dinner together when you and Mary were visiting Boston.
Don't you think Tom has a beautiful smile?
One speaks French in France.
Tom took out the trash.
Tom slept in the back seat while Mary drove.
Children are the flowers of our lives. Nothing decorates a house better than children carefully set in the corners.
Tom phoned while you were out.
Tom called while you were out.
You can choose whatever you like.
Have you started learning English?
Tom seems to be able to speak French fairly well.
In Russia women hit you, and not vice versa.
Love is free of fear.
Does anybody have some news?
Tom is already asleep.
Tom has already eaten lunch.
Tom has already left for school.
Is this your idea of fun?
Sometimes, I think about that too.
She was the most beautiful girl on the beach.
He served in the navy.
My wife thinks I'm crazy.
I think my husband is crazy.
My husband thinks I spend too much money.
I think my husband spends too much money.
He makes a lot more money than I do.
I make a lot more money than he does.
You're insane!
Hi, Tom. Come on in.
Why would you do that?
Are you trying to prove something?
The girl usually drinks orange juice.
Forget English.
Right-click here to download the file to your computer.
Why yes, Mr. Fluff is a service animal.
Click here to edit the sentence.
He died so that we may live.
He didn't know what he couldn't do.
You learn more from trying to repair a TV than from watching one.
It's a binary world; the computer might be his paradigm. And many engineers seem to aspire to be binary people within in.
Trust is risk, and risk avoidance is the name of the game in business.
Every two seconds somewhere on Earth a child dies of starvation, while elsewhere there are abundant food resources going to waste.
In Asia, French language is often associated with romantism.
Chuck Norris can win a game of Connect Four in three moves.
Traditionally, men were expected to take the lead in courtship.
The boys were as nervous as the girls.
Maximilian was as nervous as Sophie.
Marie, Mary and Maria are friends.
Girls were not allowed to go out with boys without a chaperone.
Stop staring out the window.
This teenage pop star has been described as androgynous.
The keys, please.
What are you doing in there?
Lena is reading a teen magazine.
That man standing over there is my father.
When you're on the way up, your friends find out who you are. When you're on the way down, you find out who your friends are.
Tom lost his passport and all his credit cards when he was visiting his girlfriend in Moscow.
Tom was as nervous as Mary.
Tom was as nervous as Mary was.
Both Tom and Mary were very nervous.
Tom wondered if Mary was as nervous as he was.
This investment is not for the risk-averse.
Tom wondered if Mary would like the gift he bought her.
Tom wondered whether Mary would like the gift he bought her.
Tom wondered how Mary had learned to speak French so well.
Voyager has finally reached interstellar space.
Voyager entered interstellar space.
The court ruled that Muslim schoolgirls could not be exempted from swimming lessons.
She said that she was embarrassed to see boys wearing nothing but swimming trunks.
This girl is wearing a burkini.
Tom donated his entire fortune to charity.
Mary was wearing a bikini that last time I saw her.
They accused Johnson of being too soft.
Tom thought the bed was too soft.
Tom makes a lot more money than Mary.
Tom makes a lot more money than Mary does.
Mary never leaves the house without her hijab.
The turkey was moist and juicy.
It's because I'm actually from Chicago. Everyone else is from the suburbs.
Why do onions make you cry?
What's the best way to chop an onion?
What's the best way to lose weight?
What's the best way to get to the airport?
What's the best way to get to the airport from here?
What's the best way to get there?
Russian is a difficult as well as a beautiful language.
What's the best way to get in touch with you?
If you're so demanding of others, you should also be demanding of yourself.
What's the best way to contact you?
What's the best way to learn a foreign language?
What's the fastest way to get to the airport from here?
Don't quit.
For a writer there is no dearth of detractors.
You've already decided not to go, haven't you?
Tom already knows that Mary doesn't plan to be here today.
What you say is more important than how you say it.
It's more fun to play baseball than to watch it.
Tom is already on the train.
Tom has been drinking since 2:and is already a little drunk.
Tom has already started eating lunch.
Have you already signed the contract?
I already know what happened.
Tom already knows what happened.
I've already paid the bill.
I already have one of those.
Tom is already an hour late.
Would you like one of these?
Would you like a cookie?
I thought you'd already left.
We've already discussed that.
We've already begun.
You already said that.
Tom has already sold his car.
Would you like another cookie?
Mackerel tastes good whether you simmer it or grill it.
It's like a scene from a movie, isn't it?
If we'd arrived ten minutes earlier, we would've made it onto the plane.
If I were rich, I would go travelling everywhere.
If I am busy then I may arrive late.
I would go if I were you.
If you don't give it back to him, he'll be angry!
He’ll say if he doesn’t agree.
If they hadn't noticed, there wouldn't have been any problems.
If it’s sold out, then just forget it.
This seems like something out of a movie, doesn't it?
I bought the pig yesterday.
I ate in the canteen.
He wrote the letter with a fountain pen.
I came to Beijing last month.
Who told you about this?
Where did you meet?
How is this dish made?
When did she go to Mongolia?
Did you meet in Seoul?
We met in Shanghai.
Did he write it with a pencil?
Did you just get here?
Did you see him in the park?
Did he get here last term?
It wasn't in Vietnam that I learnt Vietnamese.
It wasn't you who told me about this.
I didn't go to Hong Kong by plane.
It was Lao Zhang that told me this story.
My grandma gave me this necklace.
This computer cost three thousand dollars.
I've come here to study Chinese.
We met in Xi'an.
I went to middle school in Japan.
Did he go to Hangzhou with his dad?
She went secretly.
I used a knife to cut the cake.
We went to Korea by plane.
She graduated in 1996.
She went travelling with her friend.
We moved house last year.
They got here yesterday.
He grew up in Germany.
She went to Shanghai by train.
They are too suspicious about everything.
When we're children, everything around us looks so big.
She found it difficult to adapt herself to her new entourage.
You should apologise to Mary.
Nothing like this has happened before in Germany.
I am not quite sure how to go about fixing this.
A cat always lands on its feet, even if upside down when dropped.
They live near a busy road, but must be used to the noise by now.
The children are having a snack on the patio.
There is no running water.
The temperature outside is four degrees below zero.
We offered him a good job.
Your brothers are the best in the school.
I have sold my books at a good price.
I enjoyed the beautiful spring.
You should apologize to Tom.
I think you should apologize to Tom.
It would be a good idea if you apologized to Tom.
Tom was offered a good job.
I want them to give me my money back.
Who does he play tennis with?
Tom and Mary seem to argue all the time.
Tom was arrested for drunk driving.
The police arrested Tom this afternoon.
Tom was arrested by mistake.
The lesson will start.
Oh, what? You don't know?
Why doesn't she like me?
Why doesn't he like me?
I wonder why Tom doesn't like me.
Is it true that Tom doesn't like Mary?
I'm pretty sure that Tom doesn't like Mary.
Tom told me that he doesn't like Mary.
Apparently, Tom doesn't like me.
Apparently, Mary doesn't like me.
Apparently, Tom doesn't like Mary.
Apparently, Tom likes Mary quite a lot.
"Luka doesn't like me." "But Jonas likes you." "I don't care about Jonas!"
All you had to do was ask and I would have helped you.
All you had to do was ask and I would have lent you as much money as you needed.
I learned today that Tom doesn't like me. Do you know why?
I learned today that Luka doesn't like me. Do you know why?
She's an avid art collector.
He's an avid art collector.
He wants to get his pilot's license.
He got his pilot's license.
We were attacked from behind.
I like hot chocolate more than coffee.
Tom sat beside Mary on the bench.
After lunch, I returned to the office.
It is a big responsibility.
Tom wiped his forehead.
Tom seemed to be a bit disappointed.
Milk is actually a little bit cheaper at the supermarket near Tom's house.
I like his name very much.
What an idiot he was!
Tom seemed a bit surprised.
Tom says he'll be a bit late.
What an idiot she was!
Oh no, it's Friday the thirteenth!
Do you have any idea why Tom doesn't like me?
Do you know why Tom doesn't like me?
Do you know why Tom doesn't want to go to Boston with us?
Do you know why Tom doesn't want me to sit next to him?
I have no idea why Tom doesn't want to go to Mary's party.
"Do you know why Tom doesn't want to go shopping with me?" "I think he doesn't like shopping."
Don't worry about them.
Don't worry about him.
Don't worry about her.
I don't understand your reasoning.
I like cooking.
I like to cook.
I don't like cooking.
I don't like to cook.
I find a good way of testing myself is to enter the questions and answers into a spreadsheet; I enter the answers as white text on a white background so they are invisible unless the cell is selected and I can then read the answer in the formula bar.
Tom! Get back to work!
Look under the skin of a civilized man and you will find a barbarian.
I don't want to see him.
I don't want to see her.
This food is enough for three people.
Please let me make it up to you in some way.
I feel very obligated to you.
What foreign language do you study in your school?
You were criticized.
Your silly talk won't get you anywhere.
If he doesn't know about it, then it doesn't matter.
That's what I said!
It's like it never happened.
I wish that I had never sent this e-mail.
"Hi, Tom!" "Hi, Mary!"
I am not a liar.
Friday the 13th is considered an unlucky day.
Friday the 13th is an American horror movie.
Tom saw a black cat as he was walking under a ladder, so he dropped the mirror he was carrying and it broke.
Tom is in a special education class.
Don't mind him.
Don't mind Tom. He's a little retarded.
I don't mind sharing a room with her.
They are a poor family.
I'm eating my sandwich.
The cat is not mine.
This chair has good lumbar support.
She's a bit of a rebel.
He's a bit of a rebel.
She's a little rebel.
I just want her to be happy.
You have allowed me to be here.
I don't like the heat during the summer.
The sky today looks like a painting.
The teacher put a comment on each paper.
My cellphone is ringing.
I am in search of a new house.
Tom picked up the knife and saw blood on it.
Do you know Tom's blood type?
Tom wiped the bloody knife on his shirt.
Tom had a bloody nose and got blood on his shirt.
The two of them got back together.
The contest starts tomorrow.
Tom carried the box into the kitchen and put it on the table.
Tom put the box on the floor next to his desk.
Tom sleeps on the bottom bunk.
It was such a great movie that I watched it five times.
Why did you never want my picture?
We were young then.
I will register for that class.
Let's register for that class.
Are we going to register for that class?
Should I register for that class?
Can I register for that class?
Why I can't register for that class?
At what time will I see you?
This god is cruel, nervous, and diabolic, with yellow wrinkly skin, small squinty eyes, a triangular nose, and bright teeth.
If the heartburn continues, take an antacid.
This is the house of touch-me Roque. There's always fuss and fights—if it's not the kids quarrelling, it's the parents. There is never a moment of silence here.
Can you put that into English?
Did you see the item in the paper about their wedding?
Do you have an iron I can borrow?
Do you know of a good French restaurant?
Get into the car and wait for me.
How much money do you plan to invest in government bonds?
I'd like to introduce you to my father.
Is it made of iron?
Is it necessary for us to go?
It was a friend of mine who called.
Pardon me for interrupting.
The job involves a lot of traveling.
They have a very involved system of bookkeeping here.
They swam out to the island.
This key won't work because it's bent.
Tom and Mary invited us to spend the weekend with them.
We'll investigate the matter.
When does the next issue of the magazine come out?
Who invented this strange machine?
I'm talking to my friend.
Write!
She's talking to the Russian teacher.
This box isn't so heavy.
This box is light.
We went to Boston by car.
We went to Boston last week.
We went to Boston for a few days.
We went to Boston to visit Tom.
We went to Boston.
We went to Boston together.
Next February, I'll be going to Australia for one year to study.
What country is Boston in?
What state is Boston in?
Tom closed his eyes and pretended to be asleep.
Tom has his eyes closed and is pretending to be asleep.
This knife isn't very sharp.
His promotion was long overdue.
Do you have a bike?
Do you have a motorcycle?
Tom gained weight.
Please wait thirty minutes.
French is difficult.
It's obvious that Tom is just pretending to be asleep.
Hebrew is a difficult language.
Tom told me he wanted to teach me French.
Tom told me that he wanted to teach me French.
Tom said that he wanted to teach me French.
The cake turned out quite well, even though she hadn't stuck to the recipe.
Tom sighed. A lot of things had happened to him recently.
He has a heart murmur.
Tom and Mary got married last year in the spring.
Tom and Mary got married this year in the spring.
Tom and Mary have to get their car painted.
A piece of paper got stuck in the printer and, when I tried to remove it, it ripped.
Visiting your country has been a dream I have had for a long time.
Tom and Mary got married this spring.
Tom and Mary were too tired to argue with each other.
By the time they get up it will be too late to have a fun day out somewhere.
In some sense, you are right.
Something cold and slimy touched Nastya’s cheek, and she cringed, seeing it was a giant tentacle.
We don't have all night.
I like the colour yellow.
I'm sure that we'll all miss her.
I'm sure that I'll miss her a lot.
A year of snow is a year of prosperity.
She didn't buy anything from the store.
I've never been there.
I demolished the school.
I wasn't able to find that thing anywhere.
He hasn't gone anywhere - he's at home.
No news has come in from anywhere.
This thing is completely useless to me.
You won't find this book in any bookstore.
He felt free as a bird half a year ago.
This fly is completely harmless.
What is your favorite pastime?
I didn't pay anything - he treated me.
He never gave anything to anybody.
Tom hasn't gone anywhere. He's still in his room.
I wasn't able to find what I was looking for.
Do you like coffee?
Frederic Chopin wrote his first composition when he was seven years old.
When did Tom go to Boston?
I came to Boston three months ago.
Even though Tom has never even tried eating one, he says he doesn't like kiwifruit.
Tom got to the station at 3:00.
Tom arrived at the station at 3:00.
This popular actress is rumored to have slept her way to the top.
I have a friend.
I was motivated.
He probably won't agree with your proposal.
I don't think I'll be able to translate this document without your help.
It's not even funny!
This is really disturbing.
Do you mean you hide your beauty intentionally?
I'm too beautiful for this world.
I'm too stupid for this world.
Tom found dragon eggs while spelunking.
I want a refund!
We do not offer refunds on any item.
"I want a refund on this love potion." "I'm sorry, but this item is non-refundable."
That's totally it!
My mom will freak out.
"Hi." "Hello." "What's up?" "Nothing."
Tom is playing with his wooden toys.
When the elevator goes up, the counterweight goes down.
He has broken many hearts.
She has no job, no boyfriend, no money and no apartment.
Who the heck is Tom?
He is the one. I know it.
Do you really need to print this email?
Please print this email only if necessary.
Think before you print.
Do you really need to print that?
Think before you print this.
Please print only if necessary and recycle.
Do you really need to print this?
This city's recycling rate is only 15%.
Do you compost?
Composting helps the environment.
Composting is important.
I watched the Youtube video.
I was frightened and confused.
Cleopatra lived closer to our time than she lived to the building of the pyramids.
It was a very exciting day!
Cleopatra learned to speak Egyptian.
How do you write Cleopatra in hieroglyphs?
Cleopatra was Julius Caesar's lover and they had a child called Caesarion, or "little Caesar".
Tom and Mary had a child and called him Tom Junior.
She pushed her hair over her shoulders.
Many Russians have dashboard cameras.
The accident wasn't his fault.
Love is complicated.
"It wasn't my fault," said Tom.
Tom said that it wasn't his fault and he blamed Mary instead.
Caesar erected a golden statue of Cleopatra.
The branch is full of leaves.
But what do I see!
This bar is seedy. Let's leave.
Tom has a great talent for the assignment of tasks.
This cathedral has a large organ.
I spent yen on a new CD.
The Sphinx is the largest statue in Egypt.
No, she didn't want to meet up with him.
Some men are born to good luck.
What happened to the Sphinx's nose?
One of these lucky beings was Hans.
Master, my time is up; I must go home and see my poor mother once more: so pray pay me my wages and let me go.
The trees don't let him see the forest.
Gunther and Hans are friends.
There are no pyramids in Europe.
He gave him a lump of silver as big as his head.
What a noble heart that good man has!
He can't see the wood for the trees.
There was once an old castle, that stood in the middle of a deep gloomy wood, and in the castle lived an old fairy.
When any young man came within a hundred paces of her castle, he became quite fixed, and could not move a step till she came and set him free.
I feel nothing.
When any pretty maiden came near the castle, she was changed into a bird, and the fairy put her into a cage, and hung her up in a chamber in the castle.
Now there was once a maiden whose name was Jorinda. She was prettier than all the pretty girls that ever were seen before, and a shepherd lad, whose name was Jorindel, was very fond of her, and they were soon to be married.
I am not able to drink wine.
Horses need to eat.
Squirrels like to eat nuts.
It was a beautiful evening; the last rays of the setting sun shone bright through the long stems of the trees upon the green underwood beneath, and the turtle-doves sang from the tall birches.
We must take care that we don't go too near to the fairy's castle.
"Alas!" he said, "what will become of me?"
He dreamt one night that he found a beautiful purple flower, and that in the middle of it lay a costly pearl.
How were the pyramids built?
He took Jorinda home, where they were married, and lived happily together many years.
An honest farmer had once an ass that had been a faithful servant to him a great many years, but was now growing old and every day more and more unfit for work.
An honest farmer had once a donkey that had been a faithful servant to him a great many years, but was now growing old and every day more and more unfit for work.
You're standing on my foot!
A shepherd had a faithful dog, called Sultan, who had grown very old, and had lost all his teeth.
I will start work soon.
It is quite apparent to me that knowledge should be sought for its own sake.
We found him sleeping under the desk.
A cup of strong coffee helps me wake up.
I want to buy a coffee maker. I can't drink instant coffee any longer. It's disgusting.
Don't act like a bull in a china shop.
I confess that I don’t find this useful.
Man is, at one and the same time, a solitary being and a social being.
As a social being, he seeks to gain the recognition and affection of his fellow human beings, to share in their pleasures, to comfort them in their sorrows, and to improve their conditions of life.
The economic anarchy of capitalist society as it exists today is, in my opinion, the real source of the evil.
Production is carried on for profit, not for use.
Furnishing a new apartment imposes large expenses.
Are you feeling confident?
You should feel confident.
That's nothing, don't worry.
The girls want someone on a white horse holding a sword but not someone with a true heart.
Dozens of cars are parked in the car park.
Do you have a girlfriend, Tom?
If you drink, don't drive. If you drive, don't drink.
Do you think that men and women can ever just be friends?
Tom, I bet you'd be a good teacher.
I can hear Tom in the kitchen washing dishes.
I can hear Tom playing guitar in his bedroom.
I can hear Tom snoring in the next room.
I'm here to see Tom.
You've started learning Esperanto.
Finish studying.
I came home very tired and with greasy clothes.
Before bearing fruit, orange trees bloom with orange blossoms.
Before bearing fruit, orange trees blossom with a flower called an "azahar".
Nothing was happening between us.
Russian salad is made with potatoes, olives, tuna, and other vegetables.
Tom came across Mary on his way to school.
I spent the whole week alone, and I longed for conversation.
I'll never disappoint you.
I don't dare talk to her.
This country has few natural resources.
I feel like playing, too.
I also want to play.
I'm going to give you a bike for your birthday.
If you're going to act like that, I'm leaving.
We could do with Tom's help. Could you work on him a bit?
It's a pity you don't know how to dance.
I met him three years ago.
Jorge speaks four languages.
We could do with their help.
They could do with our help.
Freedom is the freedom to say that two plus two make four. If that is granted, all else follows.
I live in Luxembourg.
I have created thousands of phrases already.
Compared to yesterday, the weather is better today.
Would you like to watch the game together?
Whatever you think will happen, the outcome is likely to be a surprise.
Without his help, you'd have failed.
Tom lost his keys, and spent three hours trying to pick the lock, before giving up and forcing a window.
Furnishing a new apartment requires large expenditures.
The sponsored event raised a lot of money for charity.
The aeroplane must carry some spare fuel.
This month went by very quickly.
Money is of great importance in political circles.
I haven't got rid of my cold yet.
I haven't gotten over my cold yet.
We definitely need Tom's help.
Tom was daydreaming in class.
As you can see, I'm still alive, and that's the main thing. My father, too, says that's what's most important.
Mary took her key out of her purse and unlocked the door.
Tom already knows the truth.
Tom was my closest friend.
Tom took his coat off the hanger and put it on.
Tom took his coat out of the closet and put it on.
Tom put on his coat and left.
Listen to me!
Our Canadian German teacher said, "If you want to understand Shakespeare you have to read him in German."
Don't even think.
You must control your temper, Tom.
Tom tried to control his emotions.
Tom tried to control his temper.
Tom tried to control his anger.
Tom tried to control his fear.
Tom lost control of his car.
You have to control yourself.
Tom is a control freak.
We're in control here.
Words of man may not be perfect, his vision and thoughts may be defective; but his heart must beat at the rhythm of creation to remind the angry earths and skies about the lost taste of serenity.
That isn't a dog.
It's him or me.
Right now there are two suspects.
The clock that I have is made of gold.
No religion can nor has the right to pretend to be the only true religion.
Eat what you want.
This work demands specific abilities.
He is not your friend or my friend.
I usually read while I eat.
I do not regret meeting you.
Do you have pencils?
I can't even if I want to.
Not all police are brave.
I cannot even though I want to.
She drinks wine even though she does not drink beer.
The man they're talking about has been dead for a long time.
The player attacked the referee.
I'm being treated at the hospital.
You should have done it with us.
Where's Benin?
Where's Boston?
Where is Benin?
You should've done it with us.
I really need to get a Samsung Galaxy.
She really wants a Samsung Galaxy.
Even though Tom doesn't drink beer, he does drinks wine.
Just recently, I've become very lazy. I need to work to restore my self-esteem.
It's always been like this.
Scotch brand is a type of adhesive tape.
It's always been this way.
When asked what separates American men from European men, Zsa Zsa Gabor replied, "The Atlantic Ocean, darling."
A mouse came into the room.
Today's competition should separate the men from the boys.
I haven't seen Tom recently.
Hi!
Do we have a small chance of winning?
What time did you get up that morning?
This kind of book is of no use to us.
Two years ago Tom and Mary split up, but recently they got together again.
Read the kinds of books that you find interesting.
Read the kinds of books that you can easily understand.
Read the sort of books that you can easily understand.
He showered her with compliments.
Do you often watch cooking shows?
Tom cooked dinner for us last night.
Tom is in the kitchen cooking us something to eat.
Tom was cooking something in a large pot that smelled really good.
I'm going to pay.
Pay me a beer.
There are no comments.
Capitalism can't be reformed.
That you will leave this town saddens me.
It makes me sad that you're going to leave this city.
She loves you very much.
He loves you.
God loves you.
Tom disappeared behind the house.
Tom disappeared from view.
Tom watched Mary disappear around the corner.
Tom disappeared into the night.
Tom watched as Mary disappeared into the night.
Tom watched Mary disappear into the darkness.
Tom disappeared into the shadows.
Tom disappeared into the trees.
Tom disappeared into the tunnel.
Tom disappeared into his office.
Tom walked down the hall and disappeared into the bathroom.
Tom disappeared into the restaurant.
Tom disappeared into his bedroom, slamming the door behind him.
Tom disappeared into the mist.
Tom disappeared into the fog.
Tom watched Mary disappear into the crowd.
Tom watched the plane disappear into the distance.
Tom disappeared into the forest.
Tom disappeared three months ago.
He loves him.
If you can't love yourself, no one else will.
She loves her.
You love her.
If you don't love yourself, no one else will.
Do we have a chance of winning?
Do we have any chance of winning?
Tom showed Mary some of his drawings.
Tom asked Mary to show him some of her artwork.
She hired a private detective.
He hired a private detective.
Tom hired a private detective.
Magical are the straight lines in how they perturb the curved ones, aggravate their distortion and make them look more zigzagged, revealing their deceptive appearance.
That's a secret.
None of us are locals.
No one has heard about this.
I don't like apples. All of them seem tasteless to me.
He crossed the road without looking in either direction.
She didn't give me anything.
You've nothing to worry about.
I'm not in love with anyone.
I have nothing to say to either of you.
You've never liked me, have you?
I hope you enjoy the show.
Tom seemed to enjoy himself yesterday at the party.
Tom seems to be enjoying himself.
Tom seems to really be enjoying himself.
You'd better enjoy it while you can.
I am hungry!
You are my best friend!
Louis and Paul both competed for Mary's heart.
The two men competed for her attention.
The two men competed for the young maiden's heart.
The two men competed for Lady Mary's heart.
About how old am I?
The prince fell in love with a simple peasant girl and married her.
I wouldn't be too sure about it.
Are you old enough to drive?
Have you had enough of me yet?
I don't think that there's enough room in the canoe for all three of us.
Tom didn't have enough money to buy what he needed.
Tom didn't have enough money to take a taxi.
Tom doesn't earn enough money to support his family.
Tom doesn't have enough experience.
Tom doesn't have enough money to buy a house.
Tom doesn't study hard enough.
Tom doesn't usually get enough sleep.
Tom has enough money to buy everything he really needs.
Tom has more than enough money to buy a car.
Tom is old enough to be your grandfather.
Tom is old enough to take care of himself.
Tom is rich enough to buy whatever he wants.
Tom isn't good enough for you.
Tom isn't old enough to buy beer.
Tom isn't old enough to get a driver's license.
Tom isn't old enough to understand what we're talking about.
Tom isn't strong enough to lift that.
Tom says he doesn't have enough time.
Tom was kind enough to carry my suitcase for me.
Tom was kind enough to lend me the money I needed.
Tom was kind enough to tell me the truth.
Tom was stupid enough to believe what Mary told him.
Tom wasn't tall enough to reach the books on the top shelf.
You have enough on your mind without worrying about my problems.
You're old enough now.
I went to the city yesterday, but I'm not going today nor will I tomorrow.
Do you know what the Wi-Fi password is?
His lips touched mine.
She's Miss Perfect.
I've always loved plants.
They knocked my books out of my hands.
The girls knocked my books out of my hands and laughed at me.
He knocked my books off my desk.
I want to make things clear. Tom is NOT my boyfriend.
They shoved me into the lockers.
Tom hid behind his mom when I said "hi" to him.
She's a ski instructor.
They stole her lunchbox and threw it out the window.
I thought she was going to cry.
I don't want to play with you!
I don't want to play with you! You're not my friend!
Dogs like the autumn.
Please use a plate.
I said that he had already made too many decisions.
There are other aspects.
Please play the violin.
Tom wrote an article for the school newspaper.
Liisa came too early.
Having a good time, old sport?
Seems I'm the only one.
How are the silver foxes feeling?
His smile was one of those rare smiles that you may come across four or five times in life.
Sorry, old sport. I thought you knew.
Are there many mice in the tundra?
Are there many arctic foxes in the tundra?
How many silver foxes do you have?
He gave her a string of pearls worth $350,000.
It seems I'm the only one having any fun here.
It seems like I'm the only one having any fun here.
It seems I'm the only one here who knows how to speak French.
It seems like I'm the only one here who knows how to speak French.
It seems I'm the only one here from Boston.
It seems like I'm the only one here who's from Boston.
My father was there when the bomb exploded.
Jerusalem is the Holy City of the Jews.
I want a sandwich without cheese.
I want coffee with milk.
I want some coffee, please.
What do you have under the shirt?
I'll try to live up to your expectations.
Tom tried hard to live up to his parents' expectations.
Tom will never live up to his parents' expectations.
I've learned to expect the unexpected.
Tom waited expectantly for something to happen.
We're drinking tea and waiting.
Don't eat me.
Begin with an easy-to-understand book.
My dog can understand Esperanto but cannot speak it.
Contributors should be civil and respectful.
Differences of opinion are inevitable in a collaborative project.
Contributors should avoid personal attacks.
Contributors should add sentences that are respectful of others.
Relax, have fun, and enjoy yourself.
We should avoid writing sentences that are disrespectful, offensive or hateful.
Be courteous.
Be courteous and respectful.
She's a complete bitch.
The cost of living has increased drastically.
Last night, I read a book.
It's 8:p.m.
I got an IV at the hospital.
It just doesn't work, I'm sorry.
Her purse is the same color as her shoes.
Your skirt is too short.
Tom was raised by his grandmother.
Tom was raised by his grandparents.
Tom was raised in an orphanage.
The last thing I saw was his spooky face.
Tom doesn't give me flowers anymore.
Tom doesn't give Mary flowers anymore.
Tom has never given Mary any jewelry.
You're not expecting me to do that, are you?
You're not expected to do anything we wouldn't do ourselves.
You'll be expected to dance with Tom.
You'd have to expect that.
When is Tom expected back?
What time do you expect me to be there?
What does Tom expect?
Were you expecting something different to happen?
We've been much busier than we expected to be.
We're not expecting your help.
We're not expecting you to help.
We're expecting Tom to be here soon.
We're expecting company this evening.
We're expecting about 3,people to come to our concert in the park.
We expected you at 2:30.
We expect Tom to come back soon.
Tom's response wasn't what I expected.
Tom's performance wasn't as good as I expected.
Tom was the last person I expected to meet in Boston.
Tom spoke French better than I expected.
Tom showed up when we least expected it.
Tom seems to be expecting something.
Tom seems to be expecting something to happen.
Tom seems to be expecting Mary's help.
Tom seems to be expecting Mary to do something.
Tom opened the door, expecting to see Mary.
Tom knows what to expect.
Tom is expecting to meet you here.
Tom found Mary where he expected her to be.
Tom expected Mary to be a little more helpful.
Tom didn't expect the test to be so easy.
Tom didn't expect the test to be easy.
Tom didn't expect the test to be as easy as it was.
Tom could tell that Mary was expecting him to kiss her.
Tom came home earlier than I expected.
Things usually take longer than you expect.
Things often take longer than you expect.
They expect us tomorrow at 2:30.
The party was more fun than I expected it to be.
The movie was more interesting than I expected it to be.
The movie was longer than I expected it to be.
That's exactly what I expected to happen.
That was the answer Tom expected Mary to give.
Painting our house took longer than we expected.
No one expected Tom to arrive on time.
My hotel room cost more than I expected.
My homework was easier than I expected.
My homework took longer than I expected.
More people came to my party than I expected.
I'm not expecting anyone to show up before 2:30.
I'm expecting a visitor, so I can't go out now.
I'm expecting a call from Tom.
I wish you'd told me what to expect.
I wasn't expecting this to happen.
I was expecting you at 2:30.
I think Tom expected this all along.
I should've expected this to happen.
I should've expected that.
I never expected to see you again.
I never expected to meet Tom in a place like that.
I never expected to be kidnapped.
I never expected that Tom would want to go camping with us.
I kind of expected you'd be here.
I half expected Tom to start dancing.
I hadn't expected anyone to help.
I expected you to be here for dinner.
I expected you home three hours ago.
I expected Tom to win the race.
I expected Tom to offer to help.
I expected Tom to call, but he didn't.
I expected Tom to at least offer to help.
I expected this to happen.
I expected more from you.
I expect Tom will help us.
I expect Tom to help me.
I expect Tom to be here by 2:30.
I expect Tom to be back by 2:30.
I expect Tom back by 2:30.
I expect to see Tom again next month.
I expect to be back by 2:30.
I don't think anyone really expected you to be here.
I didn't expect you to get here this early.
I didn't expect you to come today.
I didn't expect Tom to ask me that kind of question.
I didn't expect to be here all afternoon.
I didn't expect this.
I didn't expect this result.
I didn't expect that to happen.
I didn't expect help.
I didn't catch as many fish as I had expected.
How do you expect me to do this by myself?
Have you been told what to expect?
Everyone is expected to bring their own lunch.
Don't expect me to help you with your homework.
Don't expect me if it's raining.
Do you really expect Tom to tell you the truth?
Do you really expect Tom to apologize?
Do you expect us to believe that?
Do you expect me to believe that?
Did you really expect me to help you?
Did you really expect me to give you that much money?
Did you really expect me to believe that?
Did you expect something else to happen?
Boston was a lot colder than I expected.
As was expected, Tom won the race.
Are you expecting somebody?
Are we expecting any other guests?
Thank you for your chocolate.
The sky is clear and the wind is refreshingly cool. It's a perfect day to spend outdoors.
Thanks for the chocolate. It was delicious.
We are an art portal where writers, illustrators, poets, musicians coexist. They explore every Latin American territory and every writing style known.
There are times when a man must fight.
There are times when you need to fight for what you believe in.
There are times when you need to fight for what's right, even at the risk of your own life.
Thank you for the chocolate. It was delicious.
You like chocolate, right?
You like chocolate, don't you?
I ordered a chocolate sundae.
Tom often drank chocolate milk when he was a kid.
Tom made himself a cup of hot chocolate, but didn't have time to drink it.
Tom ate the chocolate chip cookies that Mary made for him.
Would you mind giving me your chocolate cake recipe?
Tom gave Mary flowers and chocolate on their anniversary.
The children ate chocolate pudding for dessert.
Tom bought two chocolate cupcakes with vanilla icing and gave one of them to Mary.
Tom almost never buys chocolate bars.
Tom can also speak French.
Tom tried to speak French to the saleslady.
Tom doesn't know French at all.
Does Tom ever write letters in French?
Has Tom ever written a letter in French?
Tom asked me if I could speak French.
Tom asked if any of us could speak French.
Tom wondered if Mary could speak French.
Tom speaks almost no French.
I like curry rice.
I ate curry rice last night.
The curry rice at this restaurant is delicious.
I'd like to eat curry rice for dinner tonight.
I want to eat curry rice for supper tonight.
It's quite a jump from one side of the brook to the other.
We nearly had an accident when the car brakes jammed.
What's the name of the joint we went to last night?
The judge sentenced Tom to six months in jail.
There's been quite a jump in the temperature.
The judges haven't yet picked the best book.
What caused the traffic jam down the street?
My husband and I have a joint bank account.
Even Tom's enemies admit he's a just man.
How large was the judgment against you?
Tom was in his junior year in college.
Tom was jailed for forging documents.
Help yourself to the strawberry jam.
They made a joke of the whole thing.
Prices were artificially jacked up.
I was only playing a joke on Tom.
Don't pass judgment too quickly.
I need a jack to change my tire.
The hall was jammed with people.
Tom always shows good judgment.
You'll have to jack up the car.
My watch has seventeen jewels.
My job is to wash the dishes.
Tom jumped up from his chair.
Don't judge Tom too harshly.
Tom is always telling jokes.
This is no time for joking.
I want a jar of preserves.
See how high you can jump.
I have no jewels to sell.
I want some orange juice.
You be the judge of that.
Play the jack of hearts.
That's just what I want.
Tom jumped at the offer.
It was a long journey.
I want bread and jam.
I'm no judge of art.
The joke is on Tom.
Where is the judge?
Jump over it.
All the passengers were killed in the airplane crash.
She was like a second mother to me.
Did you hear about Tom and Mary?
You must be so proud of her.
You must be so proud of him.
She's on the honor roll.
He's on the honor roll.
I thought that I did not need to give an explanation.
She treats me as if I were a stranger.
She has psychic abilities.
It only happened once.
She's a fashion designer.
He came over and cooked dinner for me.
I think he just looked at me.
I have to study for the exam.
I, too, like candy.
I like candy.
I like candy, too.
I also like candy.
Can you predict the future?
During the battle, it was as if time had stopped.
She kicked him in the nuts.
She sleeps as if she had never done that before.
I thought you had taken everything out of the office.
A priest skillfully drew a picture of a priest on a folding screen.
I thought that only I had thought of that.
There's something you should see.
I'm sorry to interrupt you, but there's something you should see.
I feel as if the band had never experienced major problems.
Learn to write.
It is as if we had lost our identity.
How dare you say such a thing to me!
I left my shoes at school.
"Tom's crying." "I know."
I'm so sorry. Are you okay?
The pigeon kept cooing.
Didn't you hear? Mary says that Tom has a new girlfriend.
Mary says that Tom has a new girlfriend.
Oh, no! What am I going to say to Tom?
He stood there looking at me.
She stood there looking at me.
I'm looking for my cat.
How do you say, "I love you", in your language?
He turned the music off.
She turned bright red.
He turned bright red.
I like him. He's a nice guy.
"I think you should go out with Tom." "No, I don't like him."
What's her problem?
What's his problem?
What's taking her so long? She's been in there forever.
What's taking him so long? He's been in there forever.
I'm being serious!
The secret will remain a secret.
Come on, Tom. Come on! You can do this.
Come on, you can do this. Just one more sentence!
She probably knows.
He probably knows.
Tom probably knows.
They probably know.
What is her problem?
What is his problem?
There's no hot water left.
We talked about poetry and literature.
I regret kissing Tom.
Tom was not the man of my dreams.
My door's always open.
"Do you know the secret handshake?" "What secret handshake?"
So, what's your name?
Well done, Tom.
I know how it is written.
We went to the library together.
He was my sole source of happiness.
The instructor asked the swimmers to float on their stomachs.
I saw some swimmers floating on the lake in their life jackets.
We're moving in together.
I can't believe he left me for that whore!
I like Brazilian Portuguese.
Would you like me to do that for you?
My money is my money.
She was my sole source of happiness.
It looks delicious.
She drives very fast.
An investment in knowledge always pays the best interest.
Eggs never miss breakfast.
My parents found out that I had skipped school.
She skipped class to hang out with her friends.
She often skipped class.
My mom found out that I skipped school.
If your friends jumped off a bridge, would you?
He was walking, accompanied by his students.
I am the caretaker of this child, and they are my care-receiver.
Piece of cake!
It's my very case!
The assembly line brings efficiencies through the division of labour, but the supervisor decides from day to day about the assignment of jobs.
A temptation suddenly came over me to jump from the bridge into the river.
I suddenly felt the urge to jump off the bridge into the river.
I knew that I could neither console nor help.
Tom probably knows what to do.
Tom probably knows where Mary is.
Tom probably knows how to get to Mary's house.
Tom probably knows someone who can teach us French.
Tom probably knows where we can get something to eat around here.
Tom probably knows why the meeting was postponed.
Tom probably doesn't know why the picnic was canceled.
I've been in love with him since we met this autumn.
I have never kissed a guy before.
I have never kissed a girl before.
He had never kissed a guy before.
He had never kissed a girl before.
She had never kissed a guy before.
They're married now.
Sociolinguistics recognizes that a person may speak his mother tongue using various registers depending on the social situation.
Tom put his shoes on with his shoe horn.
You're such a perv.
The last I heard, Tom and Mary are still married.
The last I heard, Tom and Mary haven't yet decided where to go on their honeymoon.
He is taller than his little brother.
My little brother and I are the same height.
How tall is your little brother?
When you returned, I had already left.
Wait for her to return then ask her.
He can't discern fact from fiction.
In America we are reluctant to acknowledge that speech patterns are tied to social class.
Forensic linguists, recognizing that no two people use language in exactly the same way, will examine the idiolect of an extortion letter to determine authorship.
She broke up with her boyfriend.
He broke up with his girlfriend.
When should I start?
I told her what should be done.
In a land of immigrants many children grow up in a situation where their grandparents haven’t mastered the child’s language; the youngster quickly learns to express himself as simply as possible.
She loves sweets.
I had already left before you returned.
He's a personal trainer.
You have a healthy baby boy.
You've given birth to a healthy baby boy.
They just had a healthy baby boy.
Tom started learning French last year.
He guided me to the palace.
For centuries, foreign language teaching focused on reading and writing.
The cause of the accident is still not clear.
John is a stallholder.
Play in a more relaxed manner.
If I were happy without you, I wouldn't wish to have you back.
I barely know the city.
I take dance lessons.
We had to look for a place to stay while our house is under renovation.
Much work can be done with computers.
Tom believes you have something to do with it.
He knows how to swim as fast as his brother.
Did you sleep a lot last night?
We dance well.
He has stayed here since he arrived from Canada.
Science is trying to identify the strange animal.
I haven't got any pen.
Isaac Newton was an English alchemist.
The people from ancient times used the stone of the avocado fruit to make syrup.
Unlike what we expected, the accusations were not made.
We lost our way.
He has a very quick mind.
The battle of Waterloo was the last battle of Napoleon Bonaparte.
The battle of Waterloo became famous.
I've explained all of this to you before.
I've told you all of this once already.
You've already explained that.
You have some explaining to do.
Tom can't explain what happened.
Tom explained the rules.
Tom explained the situation to me.
Tom explained in detail how to do it.
You're at home too?
You're home too?
Are you home, too?
Are you at home, too?
Why are you at home?
After lunch, the gentleman finished his cup of coffee and sat down on the sofa, placing behind him a pillow – the type found in Russian taverns that instead of soft, flexible wool, would be filled with something alarmingly similar to bricks and cobbles.
If you learn five new English words a day, that's 1,words a year, and 182,words in one hundred years that you can learn.
At five years old he already knew how to ski.
Tom forwarded the email he received from Mary to John.
Tom forwarded John the email that he received from Mary.
People also live behind the mountain.
Motorcycles are great. They can easily get through even in heavy traffic.
If you memorize English words a day, you'll be able to memorize 1,words in a year and 182,words in years.
They will win, since their military is renowned for its discipline.
You need to improve your diction. You really are very hard to understand.
Express yourself as you please!
He abandoned hope.
They were always late.
He was always late.
She was always late.
I'm in Tehran.
Take a shower, now!
He looks like the yellow angry bird.
Not every citizen of Russia is Russian.
The number of Christians is greater than the number of Mohammedans.
Not every nice-looking thing is useful.
Did you hear? She's going out with Tom!
I'm fine, thanks for asking.
My life is over!
Did you know that Tom got married last week?
He put his hand on my knee under the table.
Dad uses fire to roast a chicken.
Whom do you want me to deliver this letter to?
May I accompany you?
Be careful what you wish for. It might come true.
Tom was just a prototype.
Give me your best smile.
Tom and Mary play golf together.
Frempong Emmanuel Okyere has been made president of the Kwahuman Scholars Association.
There are many possibilities for improvement of that dictionary.
"Never!" "Of course, not."
It was sunny as predicted.
The convicts had their feet chained up, so that no one escapes.
Mariazinha is my friend.
While the daughters of the Viking invaders were brought up by their English mothers and learned to speak good English, the little boys ran along with their fathers picking up less than grammatical English from them, as a result of which, to this day, poor grammar is associated with masculinity in the Anglo-Saxon world.
I hate children.
Tom hates children.
I don't hate children!
At daytime, we see the clear sun, and at nighttime we see the pale moon and the beautiful stars.
I would have asked about it, but he was absent.
The eclipse lasted for seven minutes.
I didn't know what else to say.
You made the same mistake again.
I see you've got a new hat.
My skin is peeling.
A thousand years makes up a millenium.
Tom likes wearing white socks with his sandals.
The dripping ice cream dirtied his pants.
Nothing could be done aside from hoping.
His business failed and he was ruined.
Here's my membership card.
Somebody had opened the window.
She is very charming.
Whether you like it or not, you will really die someday.
Who do you like us to forgive?
Do you believe in guiding stars?
Pineapple production in Minas Gerais grew a lot.
Don't get anywhere near that man.
Your handshake is too tight.
His handshake is too strong.
Maybe I have to study German.
It is not safe to walk with the bags like that.
A BLT sandwich is made up of bread, bacon, lettuce, tomatoes and mayonnaise.
BLT stands for bacon, lettuce and tomato.
I drink tea without sugar.
But it's good to use the word "je" as rarely as possible.
Mr. Wang, what kind of business are you engaged in?
Now I will introduce you to my parents.
Don't touch my daughter!
It seems that he's lying.
Now I want to introduce my parents to you.
I don't remember anything about my past lives.
I think I met you in a past life.
If you are neutral in situations of injustice, you have chosen the side of the oppressor.
What are you cooking inside the pressure pot?
Ghost existence does not prove that there's life after death. They can be elements of another dimension.
Who came together with your sister? -With my sister is her little daughter Helena.
I could not remember your name.
Quite frustrated, we saw our dreams disappear.
Is a human being mortal?
I like them.
Esperanto is spoken.
There's nothing wrong with the formula.
There, something completely different.
I saw her in the theatre.
Some people think that everything that a person does with a serious face is correct.
Mary was taken hostage.
Did you like the bicycle?
When he bit me, it was so painful that I fainted.
I do not know how she manages to live telling lies.
Progress cannot be stopped.
Go, give me.
Esperanto is no one's property.
A bunch of things come in one hand; another, in another hand.
It frequently happens here.
You never really talked about Tom that much.
You never really talked about Tom very much.
You don't like to talk about your past that much, do you?
What Tom thinks doesn't matter all that much to me.
We may not have that much time.
We may not have very much time.
We may not have so much time.
We didn't really have that much to drink.
We didn't really have so much to drink.
We didn't really have very much to drink.
Tom won't be here tomorrow. I guarantee you that much.
Tom still doesn't trust Mary all that much.
Tom still doesn't trust Mary very much.
Tom doesn't like you that much either.
Tom doesn't like you very much either.
Tom doesn't get paid all that much.
Tom doesn't come here that much.
Tom doesn't come here very much.
Tom and Mary don't seem to really talk to each other all that much.
Tom and Mary don't seem to really talk to each other very much.
My place isn't usually this much of a mess.
It's not that big of a deal if Tom doesn't like me all that much.
I'm not sure I can be all that much help.
I think Tom doesn't like me all that much.
I think Tom doesn't like me very much.
I still don't trust Tom all that much.
I still don't trust Tom very much.
I never knew swimming could be this much fun.
I never knew swimming could be so much fun.
I haven't put on that much weight.
I guess after that many beers Tom is probably very drunk.
I guess after so many beers Tom is probably very drunk.
I don't want you to worry that much about it.
I don't want you to worry so much about it.
I don't want Tom to know I care that much about him.
I don't think my gift meant all that much to Tom.
I don't think my gift meant very much to Tom.
I don't really remember all that much about what happened.
I don't really remember very much about what happened.
I don't really know all that much about you.
I don't really know very much about you.
I don't know that many people here.
I don't know very many people here.
I don't have all that much money with me.
I don't get that many opportunities to talk with native speakers.
I don't get very many opportunities to talk with native speakers.
I don't really know very much about Tom.
Green does not go well with purple.
The train will arrive on time.
The government of the State will invest more than R$ million a year.
A small car is cheaper than a big one.
It is important to know how to listen.
The film will be showing from tomorrow on.
There are animals here.
When he bit me, I reacted and kicked him.
Life is more than what we see.
John has a child, that is, a daughter.
I surf the Net more frequently at home.
I will not let him deceive me.
This Rembrandt painting is a work of art.
Eat bread, drink water, you shall leave without grief.
You've got a minute to go and return.
I could not finish it.
As soon as he arrives, tell him to meet me in the living room.
It is either Cesar or nothing.
My name was drawn.
I work parttime.
It broke my heart to see her begging for food.
You live in an apartment.
You've bought something for Mary.
Do you enjoy coffee?
At least I stood up for it.
The old man had an innocent face, but in truth was a rogue.
You must stand up for it.
I'll contribute soon.
Go and be happy!
In addition, we are looking for an consultant who can assist us in leveraging their expertise of the market to acquire product from manufacturers in the area.
Judges don't have to shoot from the hip. They have the leisure to think, to decide.
Object-oriented programming is all about indirection.
A lucid dream is any dream in which one is aware that one is dreaming.
Angela Merkel is a German politician.
They will be very afraid.
It's a great honor to finally meet you.
How can I be of use?
What's your favorite soda?
I'm in need of affection.
A kiss is one of life's most precious gifts.
Can you ski?
Although in common usage, this word is frequently mispronounced.
I want a dog.
Does she think she's funny?
Do you think you're funny?
Does he think he's funny?
Do you know Georgian?
She sells seashells in Chelsea.
I couldn't finish it.
That book was so boring that I couldn't finish it.
The piece of cake Tom gave me was so big that I couldn't eat it all.
What do you think is the second tallest mountain in Japan?
An uncle is a brother of your father or your mother.
Who are your parents?
Do you love my sister?
How old is your boyfriend?
This is a glass of water.
You didn't know anything about all of this?
There are many ways to look at the world.
Life is only a dream.
I want this bag.
The villager sold the merchant one hundred eggs.
In the corner sat a pile of old ironwork.
The instrumental case is one of the most graceful aspects of the Russian language.
He ran onto the field.
I am your fellow citizen because I, too, am an Italian national.
To be spared from all those horrors, only one remedy is available: language reform.
Many years have passed since then.
How many kids does she have?
How about we meet tomorrow?
I decided to buy a new umbrella.
Did you bring what I asked?
How I hope you don't forget to clean the shoes before leaving!
If you intervene, they will also intervene.
Esperanto is the easiest language to learn, but it's not an easy language.
He has just entered, but is already leaving.
The levels of organization in Biology can be arranged in the following order: atom, molecule, organelle, cell, tissue, organ, system, organism, population, community, ecosystem and biosphere.
During the time period known as Paleolithic, man had to struggle for his survival.
We had losses with this job.
I have not been feeling well for two days.
I take the opportunity to thank her.
My house is built.
You should not speak when your mouth is full.
I need someone who speaks Portuguese. Do you speak it?
God created the universe.
Yesterday was hot, but today is milder.
He has a very strong Bahian accent.
Duty had called him, and he left.
For this request, please choose 'accept' or 'reject' from the waiting list.
Do you want to hang out at my place?
I want to dance and party tonight.
If only my uncles were millionaires!
Maria assumes that university students learn languages more quickly than other people.
When I asked him about it he explained it to me point for point.
Maria has a cut on the palm of her hand. They say she got it peeling potatoes, but I don't buy that.
Tom cut himself while shaving.
We don't talk to each other anymore.
Tom and Mary have quit talking to each other.
Tom and Mary have stopped talking to each other.
Never give up hope.
No matter what happens, you should never give up hope.
He answered his parents back.
He has only read pages so far, I've already read 60.
I don't know when he came back from France.
He is an excellent musician.
Who was Greta Garbo?
I went to the airport to bid my friend goodbye.
Geometry is based on points, lines and planes.
Why could the boy not tell how old his aunt was? - He could not tell it because he had not yet learnt large numbers in school.
Love for the family is our primary duty.
She was surprised to find thousands of dollars hidden in her daughter's mattress.
This tree bears a lot of fruit.
The price will change according to the demand.
Who is this old dame?
He has surprised the public.
I am older than your brother.
The forest abounds in trees.
If possible, I would like an explanation.
He is not here right now. Why are you looking for him?
I am as old as he is.
It is here where I live.
Find me a good book from the library.
He did everything to become happy.
This statement is not a sentence.
This utterance is not a sentence.
Tom usually wakes up at about six-thirty, but he doesn't usually get out of bed until seven.
It is the character that makes the difference.
The policemen have stopped me many times.
What time do you wake up?
I've been stopped by the police many times.
How did you make the decision?
Are you still dating Tom?
Are you still with Tom?
Are you still married to Tom?
My blood is no redder than yours.
I didn't tell him you were coming.
Is that Guatemala?
People usually wear black after someone has died.
"Are you and Tom still together?" "No, we split up at the beginning of last month."
"Are you still dating Tom?" "No, we broke up at the beginning of last month."
It's been a long time since I've seen my family.
Tom drank three bottles of beer.
Please give me a little more time.
"Tom! Stop doing your homework. Go outside and play!" "No mom, I want to study ahead for the next test."
"What does BLT mean?" "I think it means bacon, lettuce and... Tom?"
To the best of my knowledge, no.
You'll find the people here very kind.
You'll find it under the kitchen stove.
You will be treated kindly.
Who's in charge of the school kitchen?
When I fell I tore a hole in the knee of my pants.
What key is the symphony in?
We'll feed the kids first.
Wait until all the facts in the case are known.
Too much salt will kill the flavor.
Tom's girlfriend knitted him a sweater.
Tom will be brought to justice for his crimes.
Tom was knocked out in the tenth round.
Tom was knifed in a street fight.
Tom knotted the rope securely.
Tom justified his conduct by saying he was very upset.
The kick of the rifle can break your shoulder.
The committee killed the bill.
Sorry to keep you waiting.
My knee hurts.
My grandfather was a justice of the peace.
May I keep this photograph?
Let's take a walk to kill some time.
Kindly mind your own business.
Knock before you open the door.
Just what do you mean?
I've lost the key to my room.
I'm thankful for your kindness.
I'll be a bit late. Keep dinner warm for me.
I know only French and English.
I knew you were coming today.
I knew Tom very well.
I kept this for you.
I hope this horse doesn't kick.
I felt kind of sorry for Tom.
I don't know how to drive a car.
How much did you pay for the labor on this?
How many kilometers is it to the next town?
How can you justify your claim?
Give me the big knife to cut the bread.
Do you mind eating in the kitchen?
Do you know Tom by sight?
Do you have any knowledge of this matter?
Did you hear a knock?
Did you have any trouble keeping up with the others?
Could you knock down the price a couple of dollars?
Certainly, my knowledge of French is limited.
Can you untie this knot?
Are you very keen about going with them?
Keep Tom from eating too much.
Keep on with what you're doing.
Do you have any queries before I start the interview?
A string on my guitar broke.
Tom's father is a famous artist.
Tom didn't know where to look.
Tom didn't know where to start.
Tom didn't know where to put his umbrella.
Tom didn't know where to park his car.
Tom didn't know where Mary wanted him to put her suitcases.
You shouldn't speak with your mouth full.
Tom is sleeping over at a friend's house.
He adores him.
He worships him.
He adores it.
She adores it.
He worships it.
She worships it.
The skirt is long.
This skirt is long.
That skirt is long.
Her skirt is long.
"Do you know where this camera was made?" "I think it was made in China, but I'm not sure."
Nothing is so difficult that it cannot be studiously investigated.
Do you think that, if a man married a rich woman, he wouldn't have to work?
I'm not talking to you, I am talking to the monkey.
I love honey.
I love you, honey.
She has special powers.
She has to keep her powers hidden from her family.
I don't know how to prove that I love you.
My life is boring.
My life is fun and exciting.
My life has changed since I met him.
Why is my life so boring?
Don't worry about what other people think.
We know you like Tom.
I know you like him.
Guys have feelings too.
He gave me an album as a birthday present.
I saw a man holding a rabbit in his arms yesterday.
"Do you know why?" "No, why?"
He was alone in the darkness. There was nobody else, except for a little squirrel hiding behind a tree.
My life has changed since I met her.
I love sentences about squirrels!
Can you come and help me zip this up?
Can you come and help me zip up my dress?
Tom noticed that that man talking to Mary had a finger missing.
The place was empty. She was alone in the darkness, except for a cat hiding behind a box.
He can save your life.
He may save your life.
Tom snapped his fingers and pointed to the door.
We are approximately here.
The majority know how to use a knife.
There was nobody else in the room except Tom.
Tom ran his fingers through Mary's hair.
Tom was tapping his fingers nervously on the table.
Tom crossed his fingers and hoped everything would be OK.
I denied it.
We can really win this!
You do not know exactly where you were born.
However, you should not lose heart.
He receives the keys.
He runs the risk of dying.
Neither before nor after.
We went to the city after being at my house.
Do you know if Tom is here?
That's me, that's Tom and that's Mary.
They are writing some letters.
A bottle of water, please.
I do not eat panettone, because I do not like candied fruits.
He always works a lot.
Morning!
It is possible to determine the age of these rocks through scientific studies.
We don't want people like you in our town.
We don't want people like you in this town.
This is quite surprising for several reasons.
My youngest sister has piano lessons twice weekly.
We are going to defend our country.
This is going to take years.
Let us pray that this violent crisis would soon be over.
This is going to take hours.
Those rogue rebels do not deserve to roam the Earth.
I will show her my car.
Let's go eat at that restaurant another day.
I am never going to settle down in one place.
Nobody has the right to judge you.
Birth control was still illegal in Canada in 1967; condoms were sold only for the prevention of disease.
What is its price?
Immorality: the morality of those who are having a better time.
He was alone in the dark.
She was alone in the dark.
They were alone in the dark.
Show me your ID first before I let you in.
Only those with IDs are allowed to enter.
You've left your ID at home, so you can't come in.
You made it, Tom!
Whoever believes in him does not get condemned.
Everything hurts.
And now what?
We couldn't have wished for a better start of things.
I want to buy another.
Joseph says he heard a call from death.
I am so happy to see you back.
The principal natural isotope of aluminium is aluminium-27.
Give me three reais worth of bread.
What you say does not affect me anymore.
Some men are very talented.
They are exhausted, aren't they?
He shall pay for this one day.
The pen is spilling ink.
I told him exactly what he wanted to hear.
I have to urgently talk with someone.
This is a placid and cozy place.
Thank you for informing us that Mr Dived prepared the policy draft.
Tom rested at home.
And Helena replied: "Two cakes aren't a lot for me; it would be a lot if it were five or six cakes; but two cakes are very few."
Everything is solvable!
WHO is the abbreviation for World Health Organization.
After a stressful day at work, he went home in a bad mood.
The tea will cool down if you do not drink it right away.
There are a lot of people in the city.
His desire to dive has cost him his life.
She poured the milk in a bowl.
Don't speak to me that way!
He poured the milk in a bowl.
Don't die!
And for you Sir; a soup, perhaps?
She didn't say a word.
The city is often regarded as the most cultured and cosmopolitan city north of London.
I'm Brazilian and I'm learning Japanese.
I think this language is so beautiful and involving!
Japanese culture and people are really unique.
Well, anyway, I liked the idea of this site and I want to participate!
And I'll put my two cents in as well.
Out!
I run like a hamster in a wheel.
The telephone didn't stop ringing.
I was waiting for the bus.
You are cruel.
I've already had two coffees.
The day was hot.
I was struck by her beauty.
He sits at a table, surrounded by false friends and shameless women.
His face expresses deep sorrow and repentance.
I offered her father a glass of punch.
I think you're very cute.
I spotted Tom immediately.
He has left me.
He's left me.
She has left me.
She's left me.
She has a lover.
Animals are our friends.
She has another man in her life.
He has another woman in his life.
Do you have anything else to say?
I have another man in my life.
I'm leaving Tatoeba.
This happened to me too!
Finally, I took leave of them.
Stop agreeing with everything I say!
"Stop agreeing with everything I say!" "You're right. I should stop."
The table and the bed stood in their former places.
We were incredibly bored.
I was incredibly bored.
Do you want to go to the aquarium?
Do you want to go to the zoo?
Why do you like squirrels so much?
"Do you recognize me?" I asked him. "We are old friends."
When a man cries, he is strong. When a woman cries, she is being hysterical.
He was treated well but still was scared.
As yet, the body has not resurfaced.
The old man pretended not to hear my question.
Shall we?
Did you have an affair?
The devil may be a squirrel, but not all squirrels are the devil.
I hoped that some punch would loosen the tongue of my old friend.
I was not mistaken: the old man did not refuse the glass he was offered.
To encourage conciseness the professor asked for a composition on a subject of our choosing and advised us that he would deduct one mark for each unnecessary word.
During the second glass, he became talkative.
Here he began to recount his misfortune in detail.
It's now well after suppertime so he will have eaten.
Who wants to learn Polish?
I glanced at my watch.
I looked at my watch.
Most of the shops were closed.
Would you like to learn Polish?
They have a sense of humor.
I consulted all possible dictionaries.
I do not eschew an elevated style of speech, especially when my interlocutors are themselves well read.
We apologized to each other.
She's very worried about you.
He's very worried about you.
Don't tell her I'm here.
Don't tell him I'm here.
There was no answer.
He agreed to wait for horses and ordered supper.
Tom has several ornamental birds in his backyard as well as a garden gnome.
GloFish are genetically modified aquarium fish.
My beloved friend: no matter where you go, I will find you.
Tom and Mary went to the aquarium, the folk art museum and the naval museum.
I love anal sex.
It will most likely rain today.
This is a habit that must be cultivated.
The next day the hussar was worse.
He's either crazy or on drugs.
Watch carefully. I'll show you how it's done.
We went to the park for a walk.
He doesn't say what he thinks. He is hiding something.
You can ask the child who is playing over there.
People who do not have health plans should wait long to be attended.
We are going to talk in a little while.
The sun sets behind the mountain.
Another day passed, and the hussar recovered completely.
You are coming home late, right?
Would you like to go to the shopping mall with me?
Would you like to go to the aquarium with me?
Would you like to go to the zoo with me?
Would you like to go to Germany with me?
How many hours do people work in Germany per week?
How many weeks of vacation do you have?
What's the minimum salary?
What's the minimum salary in Germany?
Is health care free in Germany?
What's the average wage per hour in your country?
What's the average wage per hour in Germany?
Do Germans and French hate each other?
What is it like living in Europe?
What is it like living in Germany?
What is it like living in your country?
I will repeat so that you will not forget it.
Protons can be found at the nucleus of an atom.
The poor father forced himself to ask the sexton whether she had been to mass.
Take it and shut up.
The man carried a rabbit wrapped in a towel in his arms.
Do you want to come over to my house?
One of the candidates for the presidency of the country was attacked on the eve of the election.
Tom is a good employee.
Tom is a good employee. He gets things done quickly and efficiently.
Majority of his clientele are poor people.
I cannot really say which one the baby wants, since he's pointing at both.
Everyone has a right to have no rights.
I'm not eager to meet him.
Tom took Maria in his arms and gave her a kiss on the cheek.
Tom only has one arm.
The policeman looked at Tom suspiciously.
What is a young lady like you doing out here?
What is a young lady like you doing out here all by herself?
Francis arrived at Galeao at six.
She chose normal delivery and resisted all the pain.
By putting the work on exhibit, more people will be able to contemplate it.
We are very proud of what we have accomplished.
His constant state of wariness caused him great weariness.
Stop what you're doing and come home.
Tom picked Mary up the same way a man carries his new bride across the threshold and gave her a kiss on the cheek.
I didn't tell you what he wrote in that letter.
It's very cold, this winter!
We will visit our siblings.
Our teacher always favours female pupils.
Tom likes banana cake. On the other hand, Mary likes chocolate cake.
Be careful not to pour water into acid.
The boy adapted quickly to the new class.
The weathermen predict that there may be some rain tomorrow, but that, in any event, the weather is sure to be cold.
How many hot dogs have you sold today?
You want to buy a house.
The airport was new. I went inside and had a look.
Would you accept a Brazilian coffee?
Can I sleep on the couch?
This is Professor Oak, the director of this experiment.
Egg yolk is one of the major sources of vitamin A.
I know that man who is sitting there on the other side.
Give me that piece of paper, and I will inspect it!
I'm a good mother.
I'm a good father.
Tom is allergic to milk.
Tom is allergic to dairy products.
Let us drink tea.
This always has a meaning.
I've been wounded with a knife.
Remove the hair with a razor blade.
The wound started to bleed.
How much memory does your computer have?
Do you take any anti-inflammatory medicine, Lady Isilda?
We saw a theatre piece which brings the true prejudices of the present society.
They will have placed the billboard on that building's facade before July ends.
She will call you soon.
He never had the talent of composing melodies.
You must promise not to tell anyone.
That occurrence is inevitable.
He has some knowledge of mechanics, electronics and hydraulics, but has no permanent job.
The insecticide promised to exterminate cockroaches.
What is the difference between simplified Chinese and traditional Chinese?
They paid five dollars for the food.
If they want, you shall want too.
For me, strawberries are more sour than lemons.
In this case, it is more advantageous to buy in cash.
What must be done when a patient has convulsions?
How is it written?
I've spent a lot.
We went out from there at eleven.
Who is born in Sweden is Swedish.
Your friendship is worth everything.
At the square, a crowd surrounded and listened to the street singers.
The New York skyline with all its skyscrapers is probably the most famous in the world.
The old man could not bear his misfortune.
She loves me; she has grown unused to her former state of life.
Neither she nor you will forget what has happened.
Tears again welled up in his eyes, tears of indignation!
The first two rooms were dark, in the third there was a light.
I'm a member of Alcoholics Anonymous.
My name is Tom and I'm an alcoholic.
This enzyme is produced in the stomach.
I think Boston is the best city in the world.
Diglossia is a type of bilingualism where one can speak two dialects of the same language.
He lifted her in his arms and kissed her deeply.
He lifted her in his arms and carried her to her bed.
He carried her in his arms.
She wrapped her legs around him.
She wrapped her sandwich in plastic wrap.
She wrapped her sandwich using Tom's tinfoil hat.
Tom has multiple talents.
We're a family and we love each other.
My mom married my dad in the 80s.
My mom married my dad in the 90s.
My mom married my dad in the eighties.
My mom married my dad in the nineties.
Tom has money, but I don't.
Tom is rich, but not me.
Tom likes to look at pictures of animals.
Tom is only five, but he already knows how to read.
She already knows how to read.
She was born in the nineties.
He was born in the eighties.
The caller refused to give us her name.
Two of a kind.
Why do we stroke cats, but pat dogs?
The city I grew up is very beautiful.
They explore the problem.
Your ideas are rather old-fashioned.
It is cheaper if you go there by bus.
I just wanted to see how you've been doing.
This elevator only goes up to the sixth floor.
In our factory, goods are produced.
You've worked more than I.
The face betrays what is in the heart.
It seems that someone has smoked in here.
"What kind of book are you reading?" "A novel."
It is the sole possibility.
You need to go to school.
Francium is a chemical element of the symbol Fr.
This article cannot be found anywhere.
Even if there is life in other galaxies, it is impossible for man to travel at the speed of light to study them.
He'd used the dirty brush to paint the wall green, and he did not clean it afterwards.
I am trained to break the world record.
He went out without permission from any of us.
Is the seat high?
Do you see my brother's lamb?
He did not clarify when it had happened.
The populace have never forgotten the president's generosity.
Any word in Esperanto is easy to read.
The causes of migraine are still not known.
My greatest desire was to meet my biological father.
The country house was complete, with a swimming pool, a barbecue, a soccer field and a pool table.
I haven't decided whether to study at university or to get a job.
Illegal turtle hunting for purposes of consumption is still present.
He sat there looking out the window.
Dear grandpa, remember that I had been so ill that I would die soon, and your brother, Doctor Henry, dead for so long, treated me, and I live because he was really a good doctor and a good and very kind man.
Go to work, everyone.
"I got nine on my chemistry test. And you?" "The same."
Queen Elizabeth did not have any direct heir.
Through what way could they understand each other? -They could understand each other through a common language.
It will be better for us to hurry if we want to catch the bus at six.
Where is your badge?
The police suspected the truck's cargo.
I suppose he'll come.
Even with a weak battery, the flashlight lit.
What is in the backpack?
What a stench! Are you cooking some cauliflower?
Has he not been feeling well for months now?
This lasagna is quite hot!
Start.
Watch.
Solar energy does not threaten the environment.
I have not seen her for so long a time.
Hunger is the best cook.
John was the first to receive that prize.
They were all waiting for me.
That stomachache made me sweat.
The natives heard a gunshot and thought that the invaders were in the forest.
The strange thing is that I did not feel pain.
Keep this product out of children's reach.
We saw a beautiful orchid with deciduous leaves.
He says that it would carry a risk.
For each his own golden calf.
She restored his enthusiasm and desire to fight.
"What's happening?", murmured a voice from the other end of the room.
She plunged into the water.
Have you not yet finished your meal?
He did not understand the question.
The friend of a friend is also a friend.
How do you calculate how many square meters a house is?
She did not give up any of her rights.
David has so many friends that he can't remember all their names.
Do you see the big book?
He focused on his studies.
It looks like Google deprecated that functionality.
Do you have a place for a tent?
I gave the boy a book.
I like to listen to Italian music every night.
Please bring me a big glass of water!
Those photos were taken in my grandfather's place.
Thank you very much for the very detailed response.
It's said that that soldier fears no bullets.
The tree branch broke when a bullet hit it.
Do you not get bored of videogames all afternoon?
You cannot catch a heavy box with one hand.
You cannot chase a bullet.
Many innocent people were saved from the hostage takers.
Please correct my sentences.
Language cannot exist without thought.
Napoleon's army advanced on Moscow.
I wonder how long would it take him to solve Schrodinger's equation using his calculator.
A corpse was found at the bayou just yesterday.
Say the names of the days of the week.
I love writing on yellow or other colored paper.
Her knowledge of English is great.
What do you think of your gay friend?
What do you think of his gay friend?
Students learn useful phrases.
Leave, please!
There's no denying that he looks so funny in that costume.
The music ended, and they are still dancing.
A crowd as big as that would leave tons of garbage on the stadium grounds.
This car was ours. Now it is theirs.
Do you not enjoy the steak at this English restaurant?
I could not imagine her face when she tries this lemonade.
Yesterday I took part in the opening of the painting exposition.
He tricked me into thinking that his favorite color is beige.
I can't wait for the war to end.
The doctor said he has to look at my thyroid.
He was allegedly seduced by her into giving the key to the vault.
I found her footprints in the sand of the dune.
You are a real son of a devil.
It's weird that the mailman hasn't come yet.
I'll read it when I'm able to.
He could devise clever alibis.
Neither entrance, nor exit.
Maria went to the window and opened the curtains.
He dressed himself like a hermit for the party last night.
They don't eat sandwiches at the bar.
Did you listen to his message?
The rebels tried in vain to sink the submarine.
Do you want to win?
Skyr is similar to yoghurt.
Sniffing that brown flask made me nauseous.
I would love even a dictionary with less than a hundred thousand entries.
Please scan the diary for clues.
Spread the guava jam slowly to cover the baguette completely.
Poor cat! She can't catch the nimble mouse.
Are you sure there isn't rat meat in that burger?
Stray bullets flew everywhere during the war.
Stop war! Start love!
With the hundreds of cars parked in this building, how are we supposed to find the suspect's car?
The rebels did not only take hostages, but also set the entire village on fire.
What is your goal in using Tatoeba?
Getting your letter with your photo put me in seventh heaven.
What do these words mean? What's the difference between them?
That's her home.
Carol often watches horror films.
I saw her there in the moonlight.
If I have enough time, I'll do it right.
May 5th is Children's Day.
She hasn't paid Tom yet.
If you read this message, write to me.
I'm having problems with e-mail right now.
He hasn't paid Tom yet.
His method is much more effective than ours.
Did you ever try?
That's his home.
I prefer to sit down.
Why not tomorrow?
Would you drink champagne?
I will not give them a refund.
I do not know where to drive in the street.
"Who is there?" she asked without raising her head. He remained silent.
The old man went back to his lodging.
Anything can happen.
Is there any problem here?
This train departs at nine o'clock sharp.
This happened in autumn. Light gray clouds covered the sky.
"Did you know the dead man?" I asked him on the way.
"And do the travellers remember him?"
I try with all my might.
Although he was sick, he went to class.
I'm confused. What am I going to do now?
He has a sound purpose in life.
Lamentably, the findings from yesterday were like you see them.
Unfortunately, the food supplies ran out before the end of winter.
The color doesn't matter to me, just bring me a pen.
No, I don't think the weather will clear up.
He conceals a despicable heart behind his smile.
Do you know how this machine operates?
Do you know how this machine works?
They were waiting for the signal to start.
You can't force something on me that I don't want to do.
I have read three of Shakspeare's works so far.
Avalanches are a danger to climbers.
Avalanches are a danger for climbers.
You tell a secret to your wife, she tells it to her sister, and so the secret will march on forever.
I walk like a penguin.
Never in all my life have I seen such a dreary graveyard.
Is it too early in the morning to be playing?
They are unable to answer that question.
He didn't even dream about that.
She isn't as stupid as she looks.
I am amazed by the wisdom and honesty of this person.
The legality of his act is not in doubt for me, because everything he does is completely legal.
Our faithful servant died in the hospital.
When the captain commands, the crew must obey.
Your sovereign is king of Prussia and emperor of Germany.
In the past you all used to love virtue and good deeds; why do you no longer love these?
A thing like that doesn't upset me.
The news upset her terribly.
The news upset her deeply.
They were terribly upset.
He is terribly jealous.
Did you charge the battery of your mobile phone?
I've come here before.
I used to know her back in the day.
The birds flew off in different directions.
I took my boots off because my feet were freezing.
I had backache from lying down on the cold floor.
She thinks it is true that skipping breakfast is bad. I don't think so.
I had failed to refrigerate the milk. It went so sour that it's inedible.
There are still people who love eating native rice cakes.
The policemen had already left.
What a trash!
The armored glass is made of a super-resistant material, distributed in layers.
We have just received a new model.
There wasn't a need to stop a taxi.
Our family has Spanish roots.
This raises a most interesting question: how long does it take to starve to death?
The brain is the center of every mind, soul, and muscle energy.
The brain is the center of all curative energy.
They induce uncertainty in muscle power, confusion in mind power, and imbecility in soul power.
He doesn't even listen to me.
He avoided the question.
They don't look very happy.
He doesn't look very happy.
She doesn't look very happy.
I have never understood correctly what electrodes are.
When I was a child, I used to spend time reading alone in my room.
Cells make up tissues.
I am going to New York next week.
The city is quite near, one can go by bicycle.
Poor Tom!
This year I had beautiful days abroad just like last year.
Always forgive your enemies. Nothing irritates them more.
He is a successful lawyer.
I like her a lot, but not as a girlfriend.
Our teacher is really stubborn, isn't she?
If I could live again, I would like to be a musician.
Usually I get up at six, but today I got up at eight.
The man stole my wallet.
He has recovered completely and is now able to work again.
When did you arrive in our city?
I have explained that to him.
Due to worries about the future, both of them do not want children.
Watch over the house while I am out.
This place is suitable for swimming.
The month of May is the month of mothers.
I think your new hair color looks good.
Pay attention, because there will be difficulties.
I have only skimmed the document.
The challenging boxer defeated the champion.
The school will soon close because of summer vacation.
How many liters of water did you use to dilute the acid in the test tube?
Can I use this solvent to dilute my sample?
Why did he dare sabotage the experiment?
John used to sell books.
I went inside.
Bet you thought we were all done talking about the lesson?
She said she was sorry.
She said she was German.
He said he was sorry.
He said he was Russian.
A spark would be enough to burn a forest.
«@implementation» is a compiler directive that says you’re about to present the code for the guts of a class.
Oh my God, they're so cute!
It was really embarrassing.
Now we’ll examine the code in detail, in our customary fashion.
Honey doesn't drip from the sky.
We wanted a good future for our children.
I really want to eat something I haven't eaten for quite a long time.
Don't you worry.
Can you recommend a good story where a handsome prince and an ordinary girl fall in love?
Why did you wake up?
He's wealthy and powerful.
Oh! two birdlings, died of the cold.
The graph of the cosecant function has vertical asymptotes.
He dived naked into the sea.
I want you to perfect your English before being promoted.
Let us do the first step!
She's a professional cake decorator.
Is he interested in me or something?
But nobody believed him.
But nobody believed her.
But nobody believed me.
This guy is really cute.
Can you recommend me a good book?
Don't let them escape!
This sad story had a tragic ending.
Before, only "frog" is written here.
She went to the laundry and has not returned yet.
The results of the experiment have disappointed us very much.
Do you know how to create flashcards?
My father, who's still alive, and my grandfather were language professors.
Maria left Tom after she found out she was just his second choice.
I would need the papers that I've lost.
I did it without consulting anyone.
Look, this is a true story.
His life is a moral example to everyone.
It's the happiest place on Earth!
This forest is full of diversity.
She is totally crazy for him.
He takes everything seriously.
Donations are voluntary.
Too bad! Too few rich people donate to the orphanage.
You should read the newspaper to follow the events.
Those who sleep on the floor do not fall from their beds.
Marie admitted defeat.
What topics is she discussing?
To be truthful, this matter doesn't concern her at all.
Your room is a mess.
Maria took the metro, since her car broke down.
To tell the truth, I'm not in favor of it at all.
I saw that the door was open, so I went in.
I'm driving a car.
Go, already!
Take a look at the books I bought.
Have you seen any movie lately?
They're not examples.
There's no need to be afraid.
He comes from the south.
I will protect you.
Tom refused to accompany Maria to the ball. He didn't want to fill in for Johannes who had fallen suddenly ill.
Akira is good at tennis.
Once I had the chance to visit Paris.
Do you know a good film?
I'd like a fork.
Nothing would exist without a creator.
"Where is Thessaloniki?" "In Greece."
Do you want some advice from me? Don't tell the police anything.
It is night when a man crawls along the sidewalk near a traffic light. "Have you lost something by chance?" a passerby asked him. "Yes, a button from a shirt." "Are you sure you've lost it right here?" "No, a little further back. But here there's more light to help me find it."
You are responsible.
The government should strengthen their army once and for all!
The footnote was too small that it went unnoticed by the readers.
The mailman has not yet passed by.
My brother-in-law came here from Rio de Janeiro on the thirtieth last month and tomorrow he is going to leave for Sao Paulo.
Tomorrow will be a holiday!
You will be a singer.
Now he is sketching an apple.
She is almost as tall as you are.
It can also be said this way.
That way is very far, so we took a taxi.
He has not yet done his homework, so his teacher is beginning to worry about him.
If only I can go to the concert!
Ever since his father died, David has been very sad.
Compared with him, she is very noisy.
I'd like to send a registered letter.
"Awesome" is an overused word.
Not everyone likes to drink tea. Take me, for example. I like coffee.
His invention is brilliant!
Her invention is brilliant!
I used the red plastic bag to cover the empty cookie jar's mouth.
When did you last have sexual intercourse?
They have banned the use of plastic bags to carry groceries.
Marie invited them to dinner.
Loosen the bottle cap to prevent pressure buildup.
Despite everything I think it's possible and necessary to beat them.
I would accept be it small, be it big.
As soon as he saw the cop he ran out.
Everything makes sense now.
Where do I cook dinner?
Where do I cook supper?
You never know when an earthquake will happen.
Her husband is American.
In Japan, the vernal and autumnal equinoxes are national holidays, but the summer and winter solstices are not.
Is your brother's name Aleksej?
I got stung by a bee.
I haven't seen something similar my whole life.
Don't stay too long!
She wanted to renounce her U.S. citizenship.
You're not as young as Tom.
No words were able to admonish him.
I love you Tom!
Have you ever had a wet dream?
Tom is either gay or bisexual, I think.
Oh no! I lost the car key.
If I killed myself, everyone would be happy, wouldn't they?
Tom ordered a beer.
Yesterday I played tennis with Taro.
September is World Suicide Prevention Day.
July is World Population Day.
February is Darwin Day.
December is the International Day of Persons with Disabilities.
May is World Red Cross Red Crescent Day.
In Japan, the spring and fall equinoxes are national holidays, but the summer and winter solstices are not.
They are trees that bear fruit, those who suffer from being hit with stones.
My field of study is linguistics.
My major is linguistics.
"Hey, what happened in the final episode of 'Tom and Mary'?" "They broke up, in the end. It was really bittersweet." "Oh my! And after being so deeply in love!"
I have to go to the washroom.
I've got anything.
The translators of the Bible were considered blasphemous.
Happiness is good health and a poor memory.
I didn't eat anything for six days.
There's a puppet in the box.
You want to vote?
That's not prudent.
I'm going to New York next week.
The police captured the escaped criminal.
Art takes many forms.
I don't like to drive in heavy traffic.
We still don't know what causes migraines.
Could you explain this diagram to me?
Why don't you want me to dry it?
In the middle of the tour, they became separated from the main group.
Tom took the job Mary offered him.
He died of a drug overdose.
The philanthropist tried to use her wealth to help people in need.
I'm certain, I saw him.
It was yesterday when he broke the window.
I can't help you any further.
It was a flood of truly Biblical proportions.
Silence is worth gold, but not when you're trying to learn a foreign language.
He wants to read a book.
This test will gauge your reading comprehension.
Does it make you nervous to speak in front of a lot of people?
You're smaller than Tom.
She looked at him with an inscrutable expression.
Undaunted, he refused to give up.
Could you repeat that slower?
You can profit from your free time.
We're beginners, but we learn quickly.
Certain things are better left unsaid.
I didn't lose them.
She really speaks English well.
This is a personal decision for every person.
Hokaido is pretty far, isn't it?
I have to make lunch today.
We are sick and in bed.
Society is the most evil of necessities.
An icy wind now blows through the world.
Tom doesn't know the difference between a star and a planet.
She wants to read a book.
If we share the car and its cost we can both benefit.
Thank you for this nice present.
I have not eaten anything in six days.
Unfortunately, princes don't tend to be handsome.
You must concentrate entirely on your recovery.
Under supervision, he treats his clients better.
I had the strangest thought.
I had the strangest thought ever.
They would pretend to hate it.
They would pretend to hate him.
They would pretend to hate her.
You should thank him.
Karis is Austrian.
She never paints her lips red.
No, carrots are not so important as to require exclamation points.
She went to England about a year ago.
We have run out of strawberries.
In Esperanto there is no indefinite and only one definite article.
Everything has an end, only sausages have two.
Esperanto nouns always end in o.
To form the plural in Esperanto, add a j to the singular.
Jim looked left and right before crossing the street.
The manager has many problems.
Esperanto adjectives always end in a.
I'm no longer sleepy.
My blue dress appeared with a blood stain.
I can't resist the urge to eat raw meat.
Esperanto adverbs are distinguished by the ending 'e'.
How expensive!
All prepositions take the nominative.
Every word is read as it's written.
Every preposition has a definite, fixed meaning, but if we have to use some kind of preposition and the sense doesn't tell us what kind of preposition we should use, then we use the preposition "je", which has no specific meaning.
He hit him on the head.
What is this city's population?
Where is the woman?
You might like this.
He has fair skin and hair.
He is my stepdad.
Estonia has its own hymn.
She has a fair skin and hair.
You're breaking the law.
They should thank him.
It's back there somewhere, through the bog.
So long, see you later.
You are as stubborn as a mule! For once, accept that she is right.
A great loss of human life was reported due to trigger-happy shooting.
My mind is made up! Please, do not confuse me with facts.
Jane expects Mary will help her.
There are people who have a lot of excess
Tom lives in a mobile home.
Mary lives in a trailer.
It is the first time this crossed my mind.
He is talking to her.
What is your favorite color and why?
What color are your nails?
What is your favorite vegetable?
Good night, my friends.
Everyone has something to say.
Every individual has something to contribute to the common stock of reasonable thought and opinion.
While the well-being of each individual is important, the well-being of the whole is more important.
Every man is important in his own eyes.
Be kind in all you say and do.
All life is part of a great duty, to reveal the glory, the wisdom and mercy of the Creator.
All living things are connected in one chain of being.
I am in charge of the book section.
The cable is not electrified.
A horrible suspicion wandered around in my brain.
For me, it's an obscene art.
The alcohol is beginning to effect his speech.
He's quite authoritative.
That is not my field of work.
Some people bring sadness... Have you ever hated yourself for loving someone? Don't hate yourself, because the fault is not love's but of the people who didn't care for you.
I'm in good shape.
I'm in fair shape.
Do you mind telling me what's happening?
I wish!
The power cuts damaged the computer.
If only that were true!
Wash blood with blood.
The sight filled me with fear and terror.
The bridge should be lifted so that the ships can pass.
He is majoring in physics.
An agonizing suspicion haunted my brain.
It is impossible to say how first the idea entered my brain; but once conceived, it haunted me day and night.
I've improved the sentence.
Ria fed Tom with grapes.
Where is the book that I read?
I wasn't able to escape.
If not for "if" and "however", I would say amen to everything.
Pray to God and not to His saint.
To show direction, the words take the accusative ending.
If a word in itself is "international", then according to rule of our grammar we are entitled to use this word, even though it is not in the "Universala Vortaro".
The final vowel of a noun or of the definite article can be left out and replaced by an apostrophe.
So-called "foreign" words, i.e. those which the majority of languages have taken from one source, are used in Esperanto without modification, acquiring only Esperanto spelling; but when faced with a number of words derived from one root, it is better to leave only the fundamental word unmodified and from this create the derivatives according to the rules of Esperanto.
In lieu of the preposition "je" one can also use the accusative without a preposition.
In the presence of another negative word, the word "ne" is omitted.
My nails are blue-green.
If the sky were to fall to the earth, birdcatching would be a simple task.
Be fruitful and multiply.
The dog is chewing a bone.
Instead of a response, he shook his head no.
I don't know where to look anymore.
Hello, I would like some fresh orange juice.
If you don't know what to say, just say "my condolences."
The man was jailed as spy.
The boss praised him for a good job.
Don't think I'm perverse, but I've seen several condoms in her purse.
I tied their shoes together.
I tied Tom and Mary's shoes together.
My hands are shaking.
Mulberries bear fruits in my garden.
Life is a little box of surprises.
The animal cell has a greater percentage of proteins than the plant cell.
The two dogs quarreled over the bone.
I don't amuse children.
The two clowns slapped each other.
I laughed when I heard him swear his love.
This work will only be done well if there's division of labor.
This part of the sea is deep and dangerous.
Antoine Lavoisier died in Paris, France.
I admire the view of the entire city atop the Ferris wheel.
He is and still builds sand castles in the shore.
I did not find any data from the system.
The cause of his toothache was overeating of sweets.
Are the flasks made of glass or plastic?
Don't tell her anything except the absolute truth.
Yesterday I went to lie down at midnight.
The resort has large swimming pools.
He's helped me willingly.
Priscila Meirelles from Brazil won the title of Miss Earth in 2004.
I've prepared eggplant and egg for my breakfast.
Is there a white eggplant?
I met an old student in London.
It seems to me that you have well understood the grammar rules of this useful language, Esperanto.
Gay and lesbian people should have their rights, shouldn't they?
John died of tuberculosis.
Journalistic text is not a literary work.
John stamped the check.
He gave flowers to his girlfriend for the second time.
It seems that this is not painted by a painter.
The better cooked the meat is, the quicker its digestion.
There was always a saint in his wallet, even if he didn't pray.
She said she was tired and consequently would go home so early.
She wears dotted gowns to catch attention.
Does it surprise you?
She has an extreme colonial mentality. She is crazy for Spanish culture.
That book talks of a king who lost his crown.
Not all esters smell good.
Who am I? That's really the most important question.
It is kind of you.
It is very kind of you.
I don't burn them.
I don't understand them.
I don't listen to them.
I don't follow them.
The dolphins are very intelligent.
In Flanders between and percent of professors and lecturers teaching in English did not attain the required language level.
Naoko lives in the white house.
Nobody complained.
Kids will take a chance - if they don't know, they'll have a go.
"I can't start the engine." - "Let me have a go."
What's the recipe for apple crumble?
The previous government had bequeathed a legacy of problems.
I would like to know them too.
I read this news yesterday and it seemed so impossible to me.
He's beginning to believe.
The city is built on lowlands.
You will go. You will return. Never in war will you perish.
I forgot what someone who studies caves is called.
A vegan is someone who is concerned about the welfare and continued existence of all living beings, and is NOT just someone who doesn't consume animal products.
She went out of her room grinning.
Even a quarter kilometer away, the sound of the bomb was heard.
My flashlight had four bulbs which didn't light.
It is weird the medicine bottle is already half full, given that it was just bought yesterday.
I am happy the ointment the doctor has recommended really works.
The stained glass painted colorful pictures on the church floor.
Pieces of broken stained glass were one of the evidences for the crime.
You can get injured from a shard of stained glass.
A big city is full of snatchers.
Her boyfriend was a snatcher.
You have been snatched again, for the sixth time now.
I glued the last piece of my collage with success.
Half of his class can write with both hands; they're ambidextrous.
It was a ghost town during the war.
Ghost towns are creepy.
Ghost towns are not completely unpopulated, are they?
We like buttered croutons in our salad.
The salad is incomplete without olive oil, croutons and nuts.
Moorish influence is evident in the music and architecture of this land.
If only it could rain gold!
This Spanish fortress was converted into a beautiful holy shrine.
There were cotton candy vendors in the shrine.
I love how the French spell their word for ladybug.
Dip into it and the piranhas will eat you.
Normalcy is boring.
Normality is boring.
Bright picture.
I topped his nose with pink whipped cream.
She fell in love with a gay guy from the gym.
The ink cartridge can be recycled.
Hand me the glue and the scissors in that box, please.
When will I get to see the effect of this soap?
The audience gave him an ovation for ten minutes.
All rebels were already dead.
It's useless to say that friendship is more important than work.
Entering the foe's camp is full of danger.
A policeman is too poorly armed to go to war.
I usually put mangoes in the dessert that I make.
There is no blue mango.
She attracts hairy men.
I met your brother in the street by chance.
He is not going to survive for more than a day.
He had no other choice but to choose the names randomly.
It is important to pay special attention to your love life.
He turned to the right instead of turning to the left.
He inherited some hectares of land from his grandfather.
How should this sentence be interpreted?
The trash compactor is full.
Once you did it, never do it again.
"You are so beautiful, so good and so honest, that I should give you a present." (because she was a fairy who took the form of a poor village woman, to see how great that young girl's kindness would be).
It was the same fairy, who took the form and the clothes of a princess, to see how great the evil of that girl.
I allege that you are wrong, so I don't want to say a word anymore.
He always avoids talking about his wife's death.
He only comes here from time to time.
The lion roared in anger at seeing the hyenas approaching to rob him of his food.
You don't know what that small opaque bottle contains.
That actress is often laughed at for her very long chin.
He died because he fell sick.
That boy used to collect tiny legs of cockroaches for no reason at all.
What would the prince like?
I met her on the eve of her departure.
In Greek mythology, Hermes, the son of Zeus, is the messenger of the gods.
The Romans call Zeus Jupiter.
That hut's floor is of bamboo.
Whose sting is more painful: a bee's or a wasp's?
The only carrot in the kitchen became the nose of the snowman we've built.
The most celebrated saint in Brazil is Saint Anthony.
Steel is a widely-used material in civil construction.
A pretty robin landed on my room's windowsill.
When will flights to Manila resume?
That ornate silver platter is my favorite!
One could not guess that the setting of that film was Australia's Great Barrier Reef.
The young snatcher wasn't spotted by the police again.
What are you asking for?
For her, floods frighten less than earthquakes.
Still, many people consider Zamboanga as the City of Flowers.
Can water intoxicate a person?
Later you will have a happy hour with your work colleagues.
Why are they saying this?
I'm young, too.
They won't waste time.
That sounds quite promising, doesn't it?
What he says is holy truth.
Which flower did she smell?
Pressing the orange button will command the titrator to rinse the chamber.
The content of that polyethylene bottle is cloudy and yellowish. Could it be urine?
You forgot to drop the indicator, that's why it never changes its color.
It's alleged that he wrote in every language in the world except Chinese and Japanese.
The flame flickered as it consumed the wax and the wick of the candle.
It's unfair that one of the cans had only five, instead of seven, pieces of sardines.
Is benzoic acid safe as a food preservative?
I have many language books.
It is there to the left.
I don't speak Arabic.
Insects are very nutritious and a good source of protein.
Everyone say: "Hi Mary!".
Say "hi" to Tom, everyone.
She wouldn't even say hi to me.
He wouldn't even say hi to me.
Everyone, say hello to Tom.
Tom likes American movies, but Mary likes European movies.
How long did you go out with him?
Hi Tom, and welcome to Tatoeba!
I'm tone-deaf.
She combs her hair.
This is a lesson for me.
That won't happen, certainly not.
Is it possible to be sincere without seeming arrogant?
We walked through the forest.
The wise person never speaks all that he thinks, but always thinks before he speaks.
I prefer milk over juice.
The man is good.
I can barely read his writing.
Is that car yours?
I lost my car key.
He loves Pechyo the most out of all his sons.
I lost my house keys.
I lost my car keys.
Tom, do you have your keys?
My mom had to lend me her keys.
Retrace your steps and maybe you'll find your keys.
Here are the decisions we've come to.
As more and more houses were built around the lake, the lake became more and more polluted.
Golf courses are a major cause of water pollution.
Golf is for rich people.
Why do people like golf?
The golf tournament kept me on the edge of my seat the entire time.
I love pandas.
I live in Indonesia.
Sabang is the westernmost city in Indonesia.
Merauke is the easternmost city in Indonesia.
I've got a little job for you.
Have you ever eaten an insect?
I ate a fly by mistake.
Tom accidentally swallowed a coin.
My friend tied my shoes together and I fell when I tried to stand up.
Why do people hang sneakers from power lines?
I can't stand boiled onions!
Fishing is prohibited because of the pollution.
Squirrels eat seeds and nuts, as well as insects and mushrooms.
The forest is home to many different kinds of plants and animals.
Seals eat fish.
What's a sentence?
The small seed became a large tree.
What is the Kingdom of God like? To what shall I compare it? It is like a grain of mustard seed, which a man took, and put in his own garden. It grew, and became a large tree, and the birds of the sky lodged in its branches.
Whoever has ears to hear, let him hear.
He that hath ears to hear, let him hear.
Friend, lend me three loaves of bread, for a friend of mine has come to me from a journey, and I have nothing to set before him.
Pull yourself together and stop crying.
I pulled into the gas station for gas.
I know I look terrible. It was an awfully long flight.
We have work to do, but if you need a day to recover from jet lag, we can start tomorrow.
Tom, I have something to tell you.
Teacher, what shall I do to inherit eternal life?
A certain man was going down from Jerusalem to Jericho, and he fell among robbers, who both stripped him and beat him, and departed, leaving him half dead. By chance a certain priest was going down that way. When he saw him, he passed by on the other side. In the same way a Levite also, when he came to the place, and saw him, passed by on the other side. But a certain Samaritan, as he travelled, came where he was. When he saw him, he was moved with compassion, came to him, and bound up his wounds, pouring on oil and wine. He set him on his own animal, and brought him to an inn, and took care of him.
Lambs are very cute.
Lambs are baby sheep.
Lambs are usually killed before they are one year old and eaten by humans.
The Lord is good to all: and his tender mercies are over all his works.
Tom did a handstand on the beach.
My email address is hans@karlolo.net.
Heimat is a German word with no English equivalent.
Happy is he who has a homeland.
If you take good care of your car, you will increase its life.
There's a complete record of the storm in the ship's log.
The plane didn't have enough lift to get off the ground.
The light was so strong that Tom had to shut his eyes.
I liked Mary, not for her looks, but for her kindness.
Most of the town lies on the right bank of the river.
Tom spoke loud enough to be heard in the other room.
Tom is a lighthouse keeper and leads a lonely life.
Let me show you a picture of the Statue of Liberty.
The loss of her husband was a great blow for Mary.
That doesn't give you license to do as you please.
We'll send the textbooks in three different lots.
Have you learned all the letters in the alphabet?
We can work outdoors only as long as it's light.
I was surprised to learn that Tom was a liberal.
Tom made a loose translation from the original.
I love to walk along the river in the mornings.
Tom has a lump on his head where he bumped it.
Do you wish to speak to the lady of the house?
You have lost a good opportunity by delaying.
What are you lying around for? Go for a walk.
Tom took too many liberties when he was here.
Tom fell in love with the captain's daughter.
Tom is below the general level of the class.
There's no doubt that Tom is lying about it.
That's a lame excuse for giving up the work.
I find that life in the country is pleasant.
Did you get someone to look after the child?
Can you locate this place on the map for me?
The team took the loss of the game lightly.
The factory has been lying idle for a year.
Tom lodged his complaint with the manager.
This must be a lonely place in the winter.
The river rose above the level of the dam.
The others played, but Tom just looked on.
The logs are being floated down the river.
I want to report the loss of some jewelry.
Tom said his failure was due to bad luck.
Tom always looked to his father for help.
They drew lots to see who would go first.
Did you lock up the house before we left?
The crew lowered the body into the sea.
The average life of a dog is ten years.
I'm at a loss to explain Tom's absence.
I enjoy looking at old family pictures.
Every lock of Mary's hair was in place.
Aren't you lonely without your friends?
We're looking forward to our vacation.
Tom is a lot better than people think.
Tom certainly cut loose at that party.
This book's success lies in its humor.
There's a lovely view from the bridge.
Please turn on the light so I can see.
It was very lucky that you came today.
I don't like the looks of things here.
Tom had a great love for the theater.
Tom had a great love for his country.
Tom bought a lot at the edge of town.
There's a loose button on your shirt.
The bookcase is level with the table.
The big window looks out on a garden.
I want to lie down for a few minutes.
What are we going to have for lunch?
Tom's lack of knowledge was obvious.
Tom lumbered along like an elephant.
Tom has a level head in emergencies.
They gave Tom a lift to the station.
The police will look into the theft.
Tom's letter really gave me a lift.
Tom leveled the gun at Mary's head.
Tom is very liberal with his money.
The tide is low in the morning now.
The light on the snow was blinding.
I've never seen such a lovely girl.
I don't want to lose any more time.
We stopped at the lodge overnight.
Tom has an unpleasant, loud voice.
The temperature is very low today.
That speech lost Tom the election.
Many lives were lost in the flood.
Where can I buy lumber and nails?
The lock on the stable is broken.
Tom got there long after we did.
There was no life on the island.
The singer has a very low voice.
The bullet lodged in Tom's lung.
We need lumber to build a barn.
Tom's ties are always too loud.
The child cried all night long.
It was merely a matter of luck.
I want to swim across the lake.
I can't help looking up to Tom.
Tom paid for it in a lump sum.
I think Tom really loves Mary.
When will they start logging?
We do lumbering up the river.
The play is three hours long.
The hill looks low from here.
That plane is flying too low.
Mary looks very pretty today.
I consider the price too low.
Doesn't that bolt seem loose?
Tom lost his foreign accent.
The event happened long ago.
I have a low opinion of Tom.
Tom has very liberal views.
Tom has a light complexion.
Can't you lower your voice?
Are you at liberty to talk?
I've lost my purse again.
I don't like Tom's looks.
Please lower the window.
It's time for breakfast.
Tom has a lot of books.
The fog lifted quickly.
It's too heavy to lift.
I'm looking for a room.
Where's the log house?
Tom looked up quickly.
Tom lacks persistence.
Tom has a loose tooth.
Things are looking up.
I feel very low today.
Do you have a license?
Who's that lame boy?
Tom is full of life.
Tom gave a low moan.
I prefer low heels.
I need a long rope.
Give me a light.
Don't lie on the damp grass.
Don't stay away too long.
Don't lose hope.
Show me the location of your camp on this map.
Look for it among the loose papers on my desk.
Put the car in low to climb the hill.
Wake me up as soon as it's light.
Speak loud enough to be heard.
Lock the dog in the kitchen.
Look me up sometime.
Put another log in the fireplace.
I don't know anything about him except what you told me.
Tofu can be used as a substitute for meat.
Where have you been? We've been looking everywhere for you!
It looks like it'll rain today, too.
There's a train station in Japan where the station master is a cat.
Don't forget to clock out before you leave work.
When do you close?
You may use a dictionary while taking this test.
The calf should be separated from its mother.
How much do these two honey doughnuts cost?
This park is a little kid's paradise.
I already have this book.
The sea is very green.
This tree bears ugly fruits.
I think I'm getting sick.
She is holding a ladle with her left hand.
Wait for me until I write you.
The bus carries a lot of inflammable materials.
The test is not hard, the problems are all similar.
I am very happy about that news.
This can also cause lung cancer.
I helped mom cook.
We don't need to evacuate anymore since the flood has already subsided.
It will be hard to convince the owner to sell his house.
There is no security at the entrance of this restaurant at all.
We are defending the same cause.
The hostages starved because they were deprived of food.
They say that an eggplant has lots of nicotine.
When do you think the Philippines will host the Olympic Games?
The vehicles are noisy here.
The voices of the people who are in the office are soft.
My father speaks both English and French.
His parents believed in his approval.
His affection for us seems exaggerated.
Squid ink is edible whereas ballpen ink is not.
He's laughing at me because my lips are stained with squid ink.
Don't move that spoon and glass.
She hid her ugly face.
He hid his ugly face.
Armored though it was, the window did not resist the bullet, which hit the driver's head.
Some years ago, the presenter was suspended from appearing on TV for admitting being a marijuana user and denying her crime in an interview.
Be careful. You might hurt yourself with a screwdriver.
Somebody ate my Easter egg.
Avocado is a fruit.
One of the American states is famous for its pineapples.
Many people think that being an actor is simply memorizing lines.
Have you ever eaten a custard pizza?
Things shall end up sorted out.
They have amused the children.
My godfather gave me that red shirt.
The child pooped while he was inside the classroom.
Your poop is so stinky.
When I was a kid, there was a black pig in a pen beside our house.
Your child peed in his diaper.
My name is of Hebraic origin.
Security experts believe Apple’s fingerprint scanning technology senses whether a digit is attached to a living human, so severed phalanges should prove unsuccessful for unlocking a stolen iPhone.
Most salt bread nowadays is not salty anymore.
I don't know if other countries have salt bread, too.
Where, that is, in which country is the city of Paris located? - Paris is in France.
The SI unit for electric charge is the coulomb.
How much pushing force should you apply to move this 30-kg wooden box?
You would weigh less on the Moon.
We will pay our friends a visit.
Can you produce medicines from the laboratory?
I suggest he follows my advice.
She insisted he be invited to the party.
Sugar dissolves in warm coffee.
It's my ship.
It's still a long way to the top of the mountain.
This is an energetic man.
Although I have been studying Chinese for years, there are still a lot of words I do not know.
The pianist she'd hired knew enough pieces to play all throughout the soiree.
He did not butter the top of the burnt bread anymore.
The compass needle swung to the north.
My dog is scared to death of needles.
Mary was stubborn.
I thought I was a train.
Tom will already be asleep when we arrive.
Why don't you want to listen to me?
You told me that you were years old, and I believed you.
I want to spend some time with my daughter.
The supply of game for London is going steadily up. Head-keeper Hudson, we believe, has been now told to receive all orders for fly-paper and for preservation of your hen-pheasant's life.
Did you want to speak with me?
I'm always tired.
Friends are always prepared to help each other.
The shortest comments are often the most useful ones.
Are you still scared?
Does your head still ache?
Betty fell in love with Tom and killed him.
May I begin?
Is it OK if we begin?
He's eight years old.
It's 7:45.
It's 9:15.
Oh, the electricity has gone off.
I hate all of them.
I dislike all of them.
I dislike them all.
I hate them all.
On the last page, Mary wrote: "The ship is sinking."
On the last page, Mary wrote: "The spaceship is on fire."
On the last page, Mary wrote: "Where did I leave my glasses?"
Tom found Mary's diary, but only the last three pages remained.
I'm hungover.
Leave it up to me.
Tom tried to impress Mary by driving very fast on the Autobahn, but it didn't work.
Tom tried to impress Mary by driving very fast.
Mary tied Tom's shoes together.
Do you want me to help?
It looks like it'll clear up.
Please give me a book.
Please give me the book.
Are you a bachelor?
The very last words she wrote were: "My heart is on fire."
I want to see Laurie.
I'm writing a letter to my daughter.
Those times will not come back.
Those times will not return.
Those times aren't coming back.
Can you send me a screenshot?
We'll see each other next week.
Why didn't he come?
A great many brave men and women will accompany me on the road to victory.
Put your weapons on the ground!
Weapons on the ground!
Above the clouds, the pilot felt a freedom without boundaries.
Your words have freed me from every doubt.
The mother breastfed her child on the bus.
She's beautiful, isn't she?
When did the barbarians first invade Rome?
My daughter has fever. I should call the doctor.
Stupidity is riding a bike that doesn't have brakes.
Riding a bike that doesn't have brakes is a pretty stupid thing to do.
Riding a bicycle without brakes is a stupid thing to do.
You'd be crazy to ride a bicycle without brakes.
A horse walks into a bar. The bartender asks, "Why such a long face?"
The failure of the crops was the major cause of starvation in that region.
Those countries have maintained peace for twenty years.
Tom is only making believe that he doesn't know.
We intend to take away their power to make war.
There are only three maids in this hotel.
Tom's love for Mary probably won't last.
It's time to make out our annual report.
We can make our destination by evening.
Tom promised to send the check by mail.
Tom must be mad to take such a chance.
Tom looked angry when Mary said that.
Tom lost his wife three years ago.
The main line runs through Boston.
Mail delivery here is twice a day.
Do you think we'll make the train?
This is our ship's maiden voyage.
I maintain that I'm not at fault.
We had lots of fun at the dance.
Tom hardly ever makes a mistake.
If you want it, you can have it.
Have you made out the check yet?
Did I get any mail this morning?
Are they willing to make peace?
Let's make for that tall tree.
This piece is in a major key.
Look at the beautiful sunset!
How much do you make a month?
Everything Tom says is a lie.
That's no reason to get mad.
Who made the highest score?
Where can I buy a magazine?
I'd love to see this movie.
The heat's driving me mad.
Has anyone seen the major?
Two old maids live there.
The water main has burst.
Where can I hire a maid?
Tom is very mad at Mary.
Don't make me do that.
What was your major?
Tom made a bookcase.
Tom drove like mad.
What made Tom mad?
What made Tom angry?
What did you major in?
The heat's driving me crazy.
Who got the highest score?
That's no reason to get angry.
You have a mosquito on your right forearm.
Let's head for that tall tree.
Tom seldom makes a mistake.
Tom rarely makes a mistake.
Tom almost never makes a mistake.
We had a lot of fun at the dance.
Tom's wife died three years ago.
Tom looked mad when Mary said that.
Tom is only pretending that he doesn't know.
Believe me, brother, I don't know that I'm a man; I don't feel like one.
That chapel was built by the Spaniards some centuries ago.
The Arabs lived across the Arabian Peninsula before the birth of Islam.
You are really a lost cause.
You are truly a hopeless case.
Unexpected things happen more often than things you expect.
When everyone in the boat noticed the water was rising, they panicked.
Unexpected things happen to those who expect things.
You asked Tom to play the guitar.
Tom drove really fast.
Tom drove very fast.
He is like a parrot that says everything I say.
I want some candy.
times is 15.
That guy's incredible.
That guy's amazing.
Are they still mad?
Are they still angry?
Is he still angry?
Is she still angry?
Mary, I love you.
Go over there.
What did you do at night?
She's eight years old.
You don't need to be in that much of a hurry.
How do you spend your free time?
I'll take my passport with me, just in case.
Take your passport with you, just in case.
Take your passports with you, just in case.
You lost time.
It is rude not to tip a waiter.
I have been smoking since I was nineteen.
They did not deepen the holes.
You should be ashamed of yourself for treating me this way!
Why are you looking so sissy?
Get in the suitcase.
Stay here with me.
Is honey more viscous than skin lotion?
I will give you the radius of the Ferris wheel and then you compute its circumference.
The circumference should not be in squared centimeters, for example.
My nephew ate bread with tomato sauce on it.
Their way of thinking is old-fashioned.
I'll write a book.
This is a book about Georgia.
This is a book about obesity.
I want to be a child.
Workers are on strike.
The keys are in the wardrobe.
These books are old.
These books are heavy.
An idea just occurred to me.
That river is wide.
I'll admit that.
Tom got mad.
Tom is a lazy person.
There's no knife.
There are no knives.
Smile.
I want to go horseback riding.
I want to try riding a horse.
I'm not busy tonight.
It's extremely cold today.
Does truth begin in lies?
Don't ask me.
I did it many times.
She's better than me.
She's more beautiful than me.
I want to die!
I don't want to live with you.
I never sleep.
I sleep while standing.
I'm busy doing homework.
Stop interfering.
I called him.
He gets angry very easily.
Mom, I'm hungry.
This building will be built in the city.
I see that the fate of the land is making you very uneasy.
He froze to death.
He ate out.
We're not afraid of new elections.
He dressed up as a woman.
We're talking about them.
I have a lot of household chores today.
He left home.
Can you e-mail it?
We still use a corded telephone.
He gave a speech.
Cellphones don't work in the tunnel.
How long is our train going to be stopped at this station?
Our train must still wait for another train to arrive.
He's scared of dogs.
He has bad eyes.
The ticket booth is not always open.
He's a wealthy man.
He runs fast.
He gave up.
He surrendered.
He doesn't have any common sense.
I have to get home before it gets dark.
He lived in Istanbul for years. He speaks Turkish very well.
They know what's happening.
You're a rock.
You're Petrus.
Don't lose time!
She runs fast.
The only thing we can do is wait.
I think he's Australian but I'm not certain.
Hey you, shut your mouth!
It's neither milk nor whey.
She's five.
The fighter courageously looked death in the face.
Please go slower.
Looks like it will snow tomorrow.
If you come with your friends, I'll be happier.
Stay away from the pond.
I'm going home next week.
I like to play guitar.
His hesitation made me doubt.
I'm sorry, I didn't understand what they said.
Let there be love.
Where is the nearest bus stop?
How much does it cost to get to London?
It's too flashy.
He has a degree in forestry.
The legislator talked at length with his constituents about beach erosion.
Several retailers left the mall due to increasingly unaffordable rent.
Polls have consistently projected a 47% vote for Labour.
There's no sugar.
Hear, O Israel! The Lord is our God, the Lord is one.
I'm dissatisfied.
Quick thinking prevented the damage from being even worse.
There are not many parking spaces on this particular street.
He even has one with dancing mice on it.
I've never been to Istanbul.
Are the hotels pricey?
And God said: Love!
What time is it in Sri Lanka?
The order is shipping on time even though it was placed at the very last second.
We have no idea how they came to that conclusion.
Why wouldn't they want to do that?
Is it any better where you are?
I think they have better coffee at the other place.
Why isn't the WiFi working?
Can I get a receipt?
These windows need to be washed.
I'm scared of dogs.
I'm tall.
It's too late to re-negotiate terms.
I, too, am a teacher.
I've only seen one like this before.
They have a lot of them in Switzerland.
I'm also a teacher.
Flooding has destroyed six thousand hectares of cropland.
I can see my house from here.
Please stand up.
Humanitarian personnel were evacuated as the fighting worsened.
Tent hospitals are being erected three kilometers from the scene.
They ran out of soda so I got you a flavored water.
Is there a bulk discount?
Add grams of sugar to the mixture.
The decision has been made.
I continued reading.
We didn't see any while we were there.
I can imagine that.
Björk is like another kind of being that was brought into this civilization. I admire her music.
There's a little wind.
If I had known that she didn't know, I wouldn't have said anything.
Wake me up at eight.
The fox scampered off after a few seconds.
How about some coffee?
Don't be like the rest of them. You're so beautiful just the way you are.
The cat is on the roof.
Young people must not study.
The number of words that a language has is finite but the number of sentences is infinite, which is quite interesting. You can make countless sentences.
The number of words that a language has is finite but the number of sentences is infinite, which is quite interesting. You can make countless numbers of sentences.
I will sleep until it is half past eight.
My house is smaller.
How do you make coffee?
I was hoping you'd tell me what you wanted me to do.
The vampire is sucking my blood.
Listen, Israel! The Lord is our God; the Lord is one.
Lend me your pen, please.
I'll lend you my book.
I'm not trying to be lazy.
What is happening there?
Please speak loudly, so I can hear you.
I'll return home tomorrow.
You'll return home tomorrow.
He'll return home tomorrow.
She'll return home tomorrow.
We'll return home tomorrow.
They'll return home tomorrow.
You don't have to be shy.
Love yourself. Go vegan!
I should go to the pharmacy and buy some painkillers.
I have to change the world now.
I'm not ashamed of my behavior, even though I know I should be.
We've grown apart.
Thank your friend for the gift.
I live with my roommate.
I bought a carton of milk from the supermarket.
I drank two pints of beer.
You ought to write a letter to someone.
I've finally come of age.
I'm living in an adobe house.
I'm lusting after him.
We're age-mates.
I'm lusting after her.
My wife is three years younger than I am.
I peed on the street.
This programme is not suitable for your age group.
Please don't behave like a child.
Words reduce reality to something the human mind can grasp, which isn't very much.
Not eating or drinking anything for a couple of days may result in death.
A handsome man is a good reason to go to hell.
I decided to fast to death.
The prisoners are threatening to go on a hunger strike.
When the power of love overcomes the love of power, the world will know peace.
You are certainly homesick.
I can't remember that now.
Your face is like a melody. It won't leave my head.
My girlfriend still doesn't know my parents.
That was my first thought.
Please remind me, should I forget.
"Mary, I love you." "I know."
I refuse to eat an animal that I wouldn't dare to kill myself.
You always do whatever you feel like doing.
How can you protect something so perfect without evil?
The discovery surprised me.
My lungs are congested.
I have the mother of all colds.
Of course I didn't mean to kiss you. I just wanted to see how you'd react.
I'm sure she knows that I did not want this.
He hadn't realized his mistake until it was too late.
Think of all the money you'd have made if you'd taken it just a bit more seriously.
My fingers are stiff from playing the piano all day.
Sing me a song, Tom!
He slapped his forehead and called himself a bumbling fool after an hour of replaying a mental tape of his first date with the girl he loves.
He held a gun to my head and ordered me to dance Gangman Style. I had no choice but to obey.
I asked him why he seemed distant. He said he needed a break.
I am sorry that I have not written to you for such a long time.
Mary's fist connected with Tom's jaw and he staggered back.
I'm tired. I'd better take some rest before I go out.
May I borrow a pen?
Won't you come with us?
It's hard for me to sleep as there's so much noise.
I dare you to dare me anything.
I rested my elbows on my knees and crossed my fingers under my chin.
Why don't you eat some vegetables?
Press ENTER, and voilà!
Don't quote me on this, but I think there will be a severe storm tomorrow morning.
I'll go home at ten.
I'll come home at ten.
Look, you can't wing the test and expect to ace it, Tom.
Tom threw himself out of the plane without a parachute.
They trudged up the frosted hill, every step a testament of their will to live.
Who said what to whom?
He's over forty.
He likes science fiction.
It's funny how the most insignificant things sometimes have a way of, you know, having their way with you.
He loves science fiction.
He really likes science fiction.
Wearing a suit doesn't turn you into a mature, responsible member of society.
She's seventeen.
She's seventeen years old.
I'm thirty now.
Whisper in my ear, Mary.
I was expected here before ten.
Tom is always hot.
It took me the better part of a month to finish Joseph and His Brothers by Thomas Mann.
Mary loves playing dress-up with her doll.
Mary loved playing dress-up with her doll as a child.
I just hate arriving late to work.
Take this pill. It will help you sleep.
Tom seldom puts on his glasses before reading.
I'll give it a try, but don't get your hopes up.
His head hung with exhaustion.
What do you say we hang out together on the weekend?
Tom usually only wears his glasses when he's reading.
Tom usually only wears glasses when he's reading.
How about we hang out together on the weekend? What do you say?
How about we hang together on the weekend? What do you say?
Plants breathe, too.
His voice was strained from singing along at the concert.
Sing along with me, Mary!
I'm up.
Tom read this novel in five languages.
I can't get over my cold.
The trip was every bit as enjoyable as I thought it would be.
There is a place not far off from here where we can use the phone.
Don't get steamed up.
I've wondered for a long time why Tom would always stare at me with a frown on his face.
Not until they had arrived home did they feel safe.
Watch your tongue, Mary!
Tom stared blankly at the wall.
What do we know about this man?
I can't trust Tom for all his charm.
For all his success, Tom was regarded by all as a fluke.
Tom stirred up the crowd with his moving speech.
If you want to answer the phone, stay home.
Remembering it depressed me.
Let's definitely do that.
That's a big problem.
I want to watch TV.
I really like it.
I like it a lot.
I can hear Tom's voice.
Gee whiz!
Tom has already fallen asleep.
Tom has already gone to sleep.
They are proud of their bridge.
Why is one of that man's teeth gold?
The soup is very bad. It's too salty.
The job will be completed before tomorrow.
I was thirty-six seconds ahead of you.
Her sister can't speak to you today.
My father used to say that time is precious.
The only train that crosses the city doesn't carry passengers but raw materials.
Maria accompanies the children to school.
Maria takes the children to school.
I'm from Denmark.
The apple fell!
It's summer all year round when I'm with you.
He doesn't speak English very well.
You hugged your backpack.
This doesn't mean a thing to me.
There are people who will be unforgiving. They never forget what you did in the past.
Tom wouldn't even say hi to Mary.
I haven't eaten anything in six days.
My dog is dead scared of needles.
I love you, Tom.
Tom hasn't paid Mary yet.
Would you like to go to Boston with me?
Let's go to Boston together.
After the second glass of wine, Tom became talkative.
Don't force your actions or be insincere; kids can always tell.
Here's my number.
Have a beautiful Sunday!
Forgive your enemies but don't forget their names.
Does anybody recognize him?
I'm twenty-seven years old.
Can we help you?
I'm happy for you two.
I regret not having heard that conversation.
You are a good man.
What's better?
We are having lunch in the garden.
The body of an insect is divided into head, thorax and abdomen.
My father is an early riser; he gets up at 5:every day.
What remains after ten years of marriage is the routine.
There is a hardware store not far from here.
How much is a bottle of coconut juice?
His last letter was from the fall of 2010.
Chicken meat is white, whereas that of an ox is red.
We'll be there anyway.
You wouldn't be in trouble now if you hadn't got involved in the first place.
For a change, I got up very early today.
I like drinking cold water.
I'm afraid there is nobody available to help you right now. Please call back in an hour.
Let's return to the hotel.
It's awfully dangerous.
It's really dangerous.
I'll repair it now.
Have it your own way.
What horrible weather!
We don't have any extra money.
Fry me an egg.
Fry me some eggs.
I don't need you to remind me of anything. I know what I'm supposed to do.
There are some magazines in my room.
I am a diploma holder.
I could not recognize him at first.
Salted pretzels were the favourite snack of the kids.
Don't ever give up on your dreams. Keep sleeping.
What is important, other than love?
Give it time and you'll see.
To tell the entire truth, I'll add that my new colleague thanked me very friendlily for the help.
"I don't have a cat, and I never had one!" — "But yes, you had one. Why are you lying then?"
I'll never learn some things.
I'm on the late shift tonight and won't be home until around midnight.
You make the best discoveries while you view the world with other eyes.
You gave me back the paradise I thought I'd lost.
We had a easy-going time there, and it was hard for me to go back home.
We only get healed from a passion when we savor it till the end.
We living are all dead who haven't assumed their office yet.
Women are interchangeable instruments for a constantly identical pleasure.
Praise disease because the sick are closer to their soul than the healthy.
The real journey of discovery doesn't consist in exploring new landscapes but rather in seeing with new eyes.
I can't help but feel like the ending of "Breaking Bad" was ridiculously rushed. It was still an amazing show, but it could've been better.
I will soon be thirty five years old.
I wasn't able to leave my house.
I have a diploma.
Everything that I say is a lie. And that's the truth.
We are going to have a break for a snack.
Put the light on. I can't see a thing.
Where might I be able to buy a T-shirt?
No one will know this song!
The gas price is going up.
Actually, you didn't make one, but two mistakes.
But it's in the newspaper!
It's not completely impossible. But I wouldn't risk it.
He's scared shitless.
Mathematically, everything's good. But it seems completely improbable to me.
Normally, that should work.
The launch was successful. We're now leaving the solar system.
A person's silent discussion with themselves is called "inner monologue".
The villain threatened to defenestrate the hostages.
Did you hear a voice in the next room?
Today there is no risk of rain.
Am I ever going to see you again?
Do you think we'll ever see Tom again?
Tom thought he'd never see Mary again.
Tom said he never wanted to see Mary again.
Thank you, my child.
There are no girls among us.
I'm extremely fond of your older sister.
That's your car.
Are there many women in your work unit?
His parents live in the main county town.
They treat others very well.
My food is cheap.
We have a lot of relatives.
You're very good-natured.
What are your thoughts?
Kashgar's pomegranates are the most famous.
The people's hardships are our hardships.
In order to distract the population from their true intrigues, the politicians devised some half-hearted reforms.
After the politicians had been elected, they threw their election platform into the fire and pondered how they could make themselves rich as fast as possible.
A politician who makes lots of promises is something different than a promising politician.
You can't rely on what was said before an election really mattering after the election.
Had I known that you would be so happy about this bike, I would have gotten you one much earlier!
The women's soccer national team are already the world soccer champions, and I don't see any reason why men can't achieve the same as women.
Your homeland became foreign to you long ago.
That's why my bleeding heart doesn't heal.
That's why my bleeding heart won't heal.
That's why my heart suffers so incessantly.
Before exiting through the door, the man had whispered a word which no one managed to understand.
How can you get to the stadium?
Time passes slowly for those who are sad, but fast for those who are happy.
Do you know anybody who speaks five languages?
Today is Saturday, September 28.
You don't have anything to say about it, do you?
You are afraid.
I've got a queen of hearts.
This race is already won.
My grandfather is from Osaka.
Where do you live, exactly?
Fill out the form.
It's good to stay home.
How's life going?
Does he speak Portuguese?
After closing all the doors, I went to bed.
If you need something, just call me.
He speaks Hebrew very well.
It's forbidden to do this here.
We can't do this here.
Take a look here.
If you do that, I'll call the police.
I don't know how, but you have to find a solution.
She will work.
I don't work.
It will be funny.
It will be easy.
Tom rushed out onto the road without looking both ways.
What is man? Anyway, not what he likes to think he is: the crowning glory of creation.
Many foreigners come to Japan to learn Japanese.
Why does the rag in your hand smell so good?
"Have you got yourself a ticket yet?" - "No, have you?"
"Are you a vegetarian?" - "No, are you?"
"Did you like his music?" - "No, did you?"
A name is sound and mist.
If you don't want to do it, you don't need to.
I will tell him about you.
I will tell her about you.
I was late for school.
I must go home.
I have to get a little sleep.
He came first.
He'll win for sure.
He'll come for sure.
He'll come soon.
He's not here yet.
He isn't here yet.
He came at about two o'clock.
He's a close friend of mine.
He's a heavy drinker.
He has bad handwriting.
Languages are always translatable.
It seems that he's a student.
A million years encompasses a thousand millennia.
He collapsed on the floor.
He has a weak will.
He's friendly.
Damn, where's her daily dose of insulin?
Insulin is in the medicine chest.
It's very likely he'll come.
He started to sing.
He began to sing.
He began singing.
He went crazy.
He was innocent.
He drinks a lot.
The intern died after working for hours without sleep.
Tom, look! The squirrel is back!
I love you both very much.
I've been lonely, too.
You are the best thing that has ever happened to me!
I love you so much. I can't wait to see you.
I miss you so much. I can't wait to see you.
I have missed you so much!
Mary, I have missed you so much!
Tom, I have missed you so much!
I'm so glad you're home.
I miss you and think of you so much.
I've missed you so much, Tom.
I've missed you so much, Mary.
She allowed him to kiss her.
I allowed him to kiss me.
I hope that everything is going well.
I still love you very much.
Tom, I still love you very much.
I miss my boyfriend so much!
I'm going crazy! I miss him so much!
I cry every day.
It's okay to cry.
I'm going crazy! I miss her so much!
I miss my girlfriend so much!
I'm emotionally drained.
I was completely in love with him.
I was completely in love with her.
I dated him for two years.
He told me that he would love me forever, but then he left me shortly after.
I can't stand you sometimes.
We only see each other on weekends.
He told me that he needs space.
Tom has started dating a new girl, but he hasn't told Mary about it.
We need to talk about our relationship.
I met this guy in one of my college classes and we became friends.
It's not the first time that Tom has dated two girls at the same time.
Her boyfriend is older than her.
His girlfriend is younger than him.
Don't you think that she's a little young?
She's in high school, but her boyfriend is in college.
You need to have a serious conversation with him about this.
The American governement has shut down.
The national parks are closed because the government has shut down.
Do you think that it's wrong to date a guy who's years older than you?
I thought that he loved me, but in reality he just wanted to have sex with me.
Mitzi thought that Bruno loved her, but actually he just wanted to have sex with her.
"Have you been crying?" "Yes, my eyes are all red."
I cried so much that Tom got mad at me.
She straightened her skirt.
Her eyes shone with tears.
What should I wear?
I can't believe Tom is gone.
She was in tears.
I just can't stop crying.
This almost made me cry.
It almost made me cry.
Google has been accused of blocking competitors, like Microsoft, from its search results.
I ate a chicken panini.
To be or not to be.
Tom was impressed by German engineering.
He was eating a sandwich.
She was eating a sandwich.
I was eating a sandwich.
We were eating a sandwich.
You were eating a sandwich.
Almost all German universities are public.
Nobody talks to me anymore.
It was harder than I expected.
He squeezed her tightly.
That means so much to me.
They told me to tell you something.
I'm a dictator.
I'm not a dictator.
Do you think that I'm a dictator?
I drink coconut water in the morning.
I do not have any stomach problems.
What's the best university in Germany?
She's a graphic designer.
You never called. What's up with that?
Will you do it for me?
Please don't be angry!
We have been in Paris.
That's what I'm assuming.
I assumed Tom would be here today.
I had assumed Tom would be here today.
I assume Tom will be here today.
I'm assuming Tom will be here today.
Nothing is yellower than yellow itself.
In this kind of heat, I just don't feel like doing anything.
When it's this cold, I don't like going outside.
No one says that anymore either. There are so few words that are still said.
I always crammed for my tests overnight when I was a student.
When I was a college student, I always pulled all-nighters before tests.
When I was a university student, I always pulled an all-nighter before a test.
I don't feel like doing anything when it's that hot.
Who is Tom's girlfriend?
When it's this hot, I don't feel like doing anything.
When I was in college, I always studied most of the night just before a test.
I'm not quite centimeters tall.
I'm just under centimeters tall.
What are you looking forward to today?
My father took me to the movies last night.
I've got one for you.
You have lots of phones.
You will be missed.
She abandoned her child.
He isn't able to understand it.
Dinner is about ready.
I was about to go when he came.
The train is about to leave.
How far above sea level are we?
He repaired the nets.
I can't speak my mind.
He looked young.
He can't read.
He's unable to read.
He isn't able to read.
He's just like a baby.
He searched for the key.
She hardly talks at all.
She's not talkative.
She's shy and doesn't talk much.
She's scared of dogs.
Don't go above five rubles.
How do you pronounce "Wi-Fi" in French?
He is above average height.
Why didn't you tell me earlier?
This material absorbs CO2.
Not so fast, young man!
The concentration of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere has now reached parts per million.
I bought an Apple mouse. It's only $69!
I bought an Apple mouse. It's only €!
Is know-it-all an insult or a compliment?
The square of the hypotenuse is equal to the sum of the squares of the other two sides.
There is very little water in your coffee.
Please cut my hair.
Please give me a haircut.
Please give me a blanket.
The sea was calm.
I want to go overseas.
We went to the beach.
He's been abroad for six years now.
This was a hasty translation.
My eyes itch.
I don't understand it at all.
My younger sister is famous.
I'm eighteen.
Thank you to everyone for the birthday wishes.
Let me handle that.
He acted like an unhinged moron.
When do you expect to go abroad?
He speaks English with a Russian accent.
If you push the button, the engine will stop.
The engine will stop when you push the button.
I met him by accident.
He's a very strange person.
Alessia can't speak English.
She can't love you.
My meeting her was purely accidental.
The current situation of the country isn't good.
Finally you're doing things the proper way.
Carrots are even worse than onions.
He was in tears.
I hate carrots even more than I hate onions.
Tom dated Mary for three years.
He makes me work more than ten hours each day.
Mary allowed Tom to kiss her.
Mary allowed Tom to put his arm around her.
Mary allowed Tom to hold her hand.
Did I tell you I got a new job?
I dropped the plate accidentally.
May I accompany you home?
He hardly talks at all.
The SUBE card (standing for Sistema Único de Boleto Electrónico; literal English translation: Unified Electronic Ticket System) is a contactless smart card system introduced in February 2009.
It is used on public transport services within the Buenos Aires metropolitan area and was promoted by the Argentine Secretary of Transportation.
The contest was postponed on account of rain.
Why don't you want to acknowledge that you're wrong?
He can play the flute.
Do you know where Tom could have hidden his money?
Do you know where Tom hides his money?
Do you know who Tom is hiding from?
I can usually tell when someone is hiding something from me.
I have no idea where Tom actually hid the money.
I have no idea where Tom hid the money.
I think Tom is hiding something from me.
I'm pretty sure that Tom is hiding the truth from us.
Tom assumed Mary was hiding something from him.
Tom has gone into hiding.
Tom hid behind a rock.
Tom hid behind a tree.
Tom hid behind the curtain and held his breath.
Tom hid behind the sofa.
Tom hid himself behind the door.
Tom hid the children's Christmas presents behind the couch.
Tom hid the gun under some socks in the drawer.
Tom hid the house key under a rock in the garden.
Tom hid the truth from Mary.
Tom kept his true feelings hidden from everyone.
Tom never told Mary where he hid the money he had stolen.
Tom thought he'd found the perfect hiding place.
Tom tried to hide a smile.
Tom tried to hide behind his father.
Tom tried to hide his anger.
Tom tried to hide his anxiety.
Tom tried to hide his concern.
Tom tried to hide his disappointment.
Tom tried to hide his nervousness.
Tom tried to hide his smile.
Tom tried to hide his surprise.
Tom was hiding behind a tree.
Tom was hiding in some bushes.
Tom was hiding in the shadows.
Tom was in pain, but tried to hide it.
Tom was in the closet, hiding from Mary.
Tom went to get the box from his hiding place.
We hid in the cave together.
She's an expert in human anatomy.
Mary is an expert in anatomy and knows every bone in the human body.
She keeps a human skull on her desk.
Tom bought his daughter a Mac for her birthday.
He bought his daughter a new computer for her birthday.
Tom bought his daughter a Macintosh for her birthday.
I want a new cellphone!
I want a new smartphone!
Tom tried to steal the gods' nectar and ambrosia.
The Gods banished Tom to Tartarus and cursed him and his family.
Usually, Greek tragedies don't end well.
Tom and Mary thought that the police would never catch them if they spoke only German.
I don't think it looks bad. It's just not my style.
She wants to become a biologist to help protect the environment.
I need all the help I can get.
Lol!
I haven't seen you guys in a while.
I'm cleaning out my closet.
Why does makeup expire?
Maybe Pinocchio's wooden head with its built-in high-tech microchip has more intelligence than the rest of the world.
There is no reason to be sorry.
Tom Clancy passed away at 66.
Poor Tom, I'm sorry for you.
Mary keeps Tom's brain in a jar.
Love has never killed anyone.
"Love has never killed anyone." "Really? Ask Romeo and Juliet."
Mary wants to bring mammoths back to life.
Tom wants to bring dinosaurs back to life.
Do you like IKEA furniture?
What is your favorite Pokémon?
Go to sleep Tom! You need to wake up early tomorrow!
Go to sleep, Tom. You need to wake up early tomorrow morning.
Go to bed, Tom. You need to get up early tomorrow morning.
Flowers are always a good idea.
Why don't you ask your boyfriend?
The poachers stole some turtle eggs.
He's relaxing at home.
Will you allow me to accompany you home?
We should tell him.
We should let him know.
Who is the most beautiful girl in the class?
Can you understand French?
You don't have anything to say, do you?
I just can't understand him!
Come here, friend.
And now he rests at home.
A cough and love can't be hidden.
She likes Russian pop music.
I'm sorry for disturbing you.
He doesn't care about his health.
If you look hard enough, you'll find what you're looking for.
The sons are loved by the parents.
He forgot his own name.
The problem is that I don't have any money.
Today is Tuesday, October 1st.
He's a complicated boy.
You're afraid.
What country is it close to?
Close the window, please.
Why is Facebook so famous?
What time shall I be there?
For now, no.
This will be an interesting challenge.
It means a lot to me.
They must not go up the stairs.
They must not smoke.
They can't afford to be late.
You can't afford to be late.
No man is an island, entire of itself.
The problem is that I don't have enough money.
That female student is American.
I plan to catch the 10:train.
Take it as it comes.
How nice.
There aren't so many gays here.
I've managed my nosebleed in just two days.
We made that soy sauce as a project in industrial microbiology.
I broke a small piece of cheddar cheese and dipped it in sour cream.
It's unusual for this brand of soap not to make suds well.
Some of the balls are yellow.
The guests won't arrive for an hour. In the meantime, we can set the table.
The engineer knew every minute detail about the new model.
We'll have to measure the room before we buy the rug.
You can't miss our house if you follow this street.
Tom was absolutely miserable when his dog ran away.
Did the doctor give you any medicine for your cold?
We need about five men to lift these heavy cases.
Tom has practiced medicine here for thirty years.
We'll have to have a man-to-man talk about this.
Tom is by no means sure of winning the election.
Do you know if Tom and Mary have made up yet?
I can't quite get the meaning of this poem.
Don't leave everything to the last minute.
Can you manage those packages by yourself?
It's hard for Tom to make both ends meet.
Is it true or did Tom make that story up?
Tom is making a success of his business.
The dressmaker took Mary's measurements.
Tom seems like a mature sort of person.
Call me the minute your train pulls in.
By all means consider yourself invited.
Tom makes mistakes, but he means well.
Can you give me a minute of your time?
Is anything missing from your wallet?
Do you mean to see Tom before you go?
We'll have to take strong measures.
Is that tall man this boy's father?
It was a miserable day for a walk.
I'm not joking. I really mean it.
I may go with you tomorrow night.
Do you think I'll miss my train?
Did you meet anyone on the road?
Can we make a fire in this wind?
Man to man, what are the facts?
It's time to make up your mind.
I'd like to buy a small mirror.
Can you make room for one more?
I'll be back in three minutes.
I missed the last two lessons.
I meant to call, but I forgot.
Are Tom and Mary man and wife?
Who manages this department?
Where can I get a good meal?
Is that bird male or female?
I like my steak medium rare.
What does that poster mean?
Was this book meant for me?
I missed Tom at the hotel.
I met Tom on the street.
Where's the men's room?
They made Tom chairman.
I missed what you said.
I can manage, thanks.
What made you sick?
I was born in May.
That may be true.
Why does this lizard have five legs?
The withered flower still had intact petals.
He's not the same as he was before.
I met him.
I sold the books.
I'm not able to swim.
I was impolite.
I'm afraid of cats.
I'm scared of cats.
Does your stomach hurt?
The universe hates me.
The world hates me.
It'll soon be sunset.
The flower you picked from the garden is very ugly.
The wind has gotten stronger.
Does God exist?
A word once uttered can never be recalled.
A word once spoken can never be recalled.
Where is the five-legged lizard going?
Words once uttered cannot be recalled.
Words once said can't be taken back.
Once you've said something, it can't be taken back.
The five-legged lizard had its tail cut off.
Words can't be taken back.
Have you seen my pet five-legged lizard?
I'll stay for a week.
I'll call at seven.
Oh no! I forgot my camera.
We only have one day left.
When will you come back home?
How much do these pants cost?
Hey, let's eat some ice cream afterwards.
Tom, you traitor!
I want to be happier.
He is a very affectionate father.
I'm drinking orange juice.
You're drinking cherry juice.
She's drinking apple juice.
What is the man saying?
What is the woman saying?
Where is the cat sleeping?
What am I eating?
The cheese is yellow.
The cheese is not yellow.
What happened after that?
The silence of the library provided the perfect enviroment for studying.
The silence of the library provided the perfect environment for studying.
When I am queen, you will be king.
When I am queen, I will have you jailed.
When I am queen, I will lock up Tom in the dungeon.
When I am king, you will be queen.
What are the constituents of a gin and tonic?
Do not watch TV.
I'm thinking of burning your roost.
Tom wrote a tragedy with a happy ending.
Happy German Unity Day!
Are you deleting the comments?
How could you do such a thing to me?
It is better to struggle and suffer than to have everything and be bored.
I planted a peach tree in my garden.
What are you so worried about?
I planted a peach tree in my yard.
Why are you so worried?
How long have we known each other?
What do you think about the future?
He's a man with an iron will.
I haven't had any alcohol for six months.
Excitement is not good for a man of my age.
Tom was killed by a giant hornet.
Environmentalists are opposing the Keystone XL pipeline.
The oil pipeline is leaking.
This rice is contaminated by arsenic.
The water in this village is contaminated by arsenic.
I won't ever make that mistake again.
Can you hand me that?
Are you scared of Tom?
Did you return Tom's books?
Was Tom killed?
You did it on purpose, didn't you?
No matter how heavily it snows, I have to leave.
No matter how hard it snows, I have to begin my trip.
He cited, during his speech, Kant and Heidegger among others.
The product was not taken out of the box.
She was planting roses when he came.
She had planted roses before he came.
She had been planting roses for two hours when he came.
She has planted a rose.
She has been planting roses since o'clock.
She'll plant roses in a week.
She'll be planting roses when he comes.
She will have planted roses tomorrow by o'clock.
Who are the girl's parents?
Did you eat at home before you came here?
She's a second grader.
Don't make me wait.
"Which science does the operation subtraction belong to?" "Subtraction belongs to arithmetic."
Do you think I am nuts?
You are incredibly naive!
Tom believes that Mary is lying.
Tom didn't go in right away.
Tom didn't go straight in.
Could you do me a big favor?
Could you do me a huge favor?
Could you do me a small favor?
I ate a huge breakfast.
I had a big breakfast.
I'm sorry I'm such a big disappointment to you.
I'm sorry I'm such a huge disappointment to you.
It was all just a big misunderstanding.
It was all just a huge misunderstanding.
This is a big mistake.
This is a huge mistake.
Tom and Mary had a big fight.
Tom and Mary had a huge fight.
Tom gave Mary a huge hug.
Tom gave Mary a huge kiss.
Tom had a huge smile on his face.
Tom had a smile on his face.
Tom has a big crush on Mary.
Tom has a huge crush on Mary.
Tom heard a big explosion and ran outside to see what had happened.
Tom heard a huge explosion and ran outside to see what had happened.
Tom heard an explosion and ran outside to see what had happened.
Tom is a big baseball fan.
Tom is a huge baseball fan.
Tom jumped over the big ditch.
Tom jumped over the huge ditch.
Tom knew he'd just made a big mistake.
Tom knew he'd just made a huge mistake.
Tom knew he'd just made a serious mistake.
Tom lives in a big house.
Tom lives in a huge house.
Tom said he thought that it would be a big mistake to tell Mary what had happened.
Tom said he thought that it would be a huge mistake to tell Mary what had happened.
We could be making a big mistake here.
We could be making a huge mistake here.
We had a big dinner.
We had a big fight.
We had a huge dinner.
We had a huge fight.
We have a big job ahead of us.
We have a huge job ahead of us.
We still have a couple of big decisions to make.
We still have a couple of huge decisions to make.
We still have a few decisions to make.
You just made a big mistake.
You just made a huge mistake.
You're making a huge mistake.
You just made a very big mistake.
I am in complete agreement with everything he said.
I would appreciate any help.
Those houses are all alike.
I can't do this all on my own.
I can't do this all by myself.
Very well, we'll make an exception in your case.
It's very abused.
It's very exploited.
A tablet is a mobile computer with display, circuitry and battery in a single unit.
Do you know where Tom and your friends went?
He's hurt! Call an ambulance!
Get fucked!
I wasn't prepared for this surprise.
Roses emanate a sweet fragrance.
I saw a funny comedy last night.
I was to go to school.
He was supposed to go to school.
He is terribly funny.
You shall be good and diligent, and love your schoolmates so that you are loved by them.
He's a riot!
Don't poke the bear.
I don't need your answer now, you can sleep on it and come back in a few days.
I've played that song so many times I could do it in my sleep.
I'm proud to be an Italian.
This is really cute.
It's an ambitious plan.
Tom escaped from the dungeon.
David has so many friends that he can't even recall all their names.
We were absent.
Tom went to Boston yesterday.
Tom has so many friends that he can't remember all their names.
My younger sister went to Kobe yesterday.
Why do you look so sad today?
I was supposed to go to school.
I was supposed to go to school yesterday, but I thought it was a holiday, so I didn't.
Sundays I don't go to school.
What does the bill come to?
I'll be there. However, I might be late.
Don't swear.
I'm happy to have you as a student.
You need a new hat.
Why do you have such a negative approach to life?
Who needled Tom into doing this?
Tom was sent on a mission.
Tom was listed among the missing.
Tom replied in the negative.
Tom never misses a chance to go to Boston.
Tom neglected his cough and got bronchitis.
Tom needs to get a haircut.
Tom is in need of a vacation.
Tom has been neglecting his work lately.
Tom came too early because of a misunderstanding.
This underwear needs to be washed.
The whole neighborhood supported the drive.
The truck just missed hitting the boy in the street.
The needle is pointing toward the north.
The need for more foreign language teachers here is becoming urgent.
The house shows signs of neglect.
That's a mistaken belief.
Sorry, my mistake.
Sorry, I mistook you for someone else.
Now you've got me all mixed up.
Mix this powder with a cup of water.
Mary is a pretty girl, but has a bad temper.
Mary has been neglecting her children.
I'm feeling better now, but I sure felt bad this morning.
I could neither see nor hear the speaker.
How does the couch look without the cover?
Don't mix me up.
Tom is better at French than English.
Tom speaks French better than he speaks English.
Tom doesn't speak French as well as he speaks English.
Tom wishes he could speak French as well as he speaks English.
Tom wishes he could speak French as well as a native speaker.
Tom speaks to his father in French and his mother in English.
Tom wishes he could speak French like a native speaker.
It's something we see but don't clean every day.
Tom speaks French much better than he speaks English.
Tom speaks French only slightly better than he speaks English.
Tom speaks French only just a little bit better than he speaks English.
If I'm late, don't wait for me.
Tom has a Pikachu pillow.
Tom's pillow is pink and has a picture of a fairy on it.
"Why is your room pink, Tom?" "Oh, this was my sister's room before."
Lull your baby to sleep.
Combine the rice with the egg and soy sauce.
It's the ugliness of this puppy that makes it very nice.
You are entirely correct; habits play a very large role in people's lives.
Life is like a zebra; white stripe, black stripe, and the ass at the end.
I didn't know you could cook so well, Tom.
I didn't know Tom could cook so well.
I didn't know you could cook this well, Tom.
What are you referring to?
What're you referring to?
How many Canadian friends do you have?
She's my great-grandmother.
They need not have called me.
They need not do it at once.
They don't need to do it right away.
Tom doesn't need to do that right away.
You don't need to do it right away.
How to motivate yourself to do something? In no way, stay in the ass.
They finally succeeded after many months of travail.
This mountain is composed of molasse, which is partly covered by moraine material.
She finished all of the exams.
You finished all of the exams.
This watch is a really good buy.
In Tom's new novel, extraterrestrials pursue the ambitious goal of presenting all the life forms in the galaxy in a single vast menagerie. Individual humans are also carried off for this purpose and -- due to the enormous diversity of species -- thrown together with the apes of the planet Earth, without distinction. John found that highly offensive.
The whole island was a wasteland of ice, whipped by freezing storms, and bleached skeletons were the only signs of the life that had once been there.
That's a sad story, but I have the feeling that it now is heading toward a happy ending.
"Where does Tom get his ability in French? He's never set foot in a French-speaking country, and he has no French-speaking friends, either." "I believe he watches a lot of French movies on the Internet."
Tom Miller worked through his experiences in childhood and youth in his three-part autobiographical novel "Tom and Mary", which is also his main work.
Tom cast a quick glance at his watch while waiting for the elevator, wondering if he had enough time to buy a coffee before it got to his floor.
He looks cute in his uniform.
I wonder how Tom learned French.
Tom has never been to a French-speaking country.
All my friends like Tom.
Tom doesn't have any friends who speak French.
I think the reason Tom is so good at French is that he watches a lot of French movies.
All of my friends like Tom.
Keep still!
How was LA?
How was New York?
How was Los Angeles?
How was Boston?
It's one of my favorite books.
When is the next train for Boston?
He lives in Boston.
Which platform is the train for Boston?
Which platform does the train for Boston leave from?
It's going to be more useful in the long run.
What platform does the train for Boston leave from?
Tom was undoubtedly the most intelligent student in the entire school, but whenever the teacher asked him a question for which he was not prepared, he was filled with such nervousness that he would become confused, and something utterly incomprehensible would issue from his mouth as soon as he opened it.
Tom was suddenly overcome by a great weariness.
She lied.
I bought an autographed collected edition of the works of Tom Miller for a laughable two hundred euros at a flea market. Oh, I robbed that clueless seller! I should confess in church!
When Tom's friends were over at his place for an evening of videos, the whole place smelled of his delicious home-cooked potato chips.
On mature reflection I've decided to accept their offer.
When I'm not pressed for time, I need to do something to change the fact that I'm not getting anything done.
Do you have a biro?
Do you have a ballpoint pen?
It's kind of distracting.
She was lying.
It works great.
It works great. Thanks Tom!
I don't know whether she's happy or not.
I don't know whether he's happy or not.
He had a fatal lack of ability to think logically.
This picture got a lot of likes.
Communities that are highly dependent on fishing must implement much broader restructuring processes, since the activity of fishing fleets is decreasing.
How many likes did you get?
This proposal was unanimously approved.
How many followers do you have on Twitter?
Oh, my childhood was nice!
Mary looks pretty in any outfit.
Do you get on well with other people?
Mary could not believe that Tom liked eating spinach as a child -- until the day that politeness forced her to try her grandmother's spinach. From then on, she had a new favorite dish!
Girls are so mean.
Many thanks for your effort!
Mary posted the picture on her wall.
After introductory explanations, we entered a seminar room where we were not only informed about Chinese natural medicine, but also had it demonstrated to us in practice.
Politics can sometimes resemble grammar: An error that everyone commits is finally recognized as a rule.
He raised his eyebrows.
Upon entering the room, he noticed that a candle burned on the desk. He remembered that the candle had not been there before.
He was deeply shocked.
She was deeply shocked.
Boys have no respect for girls.
Things are not always what they seem.
Tom developed feelings for his best friend.
He developed feelings for her.
Tom, you're not funny.
I lost all my self-confidence.
Mice like cheese.
I don't want to ever speak to you again.
He has a new girlfriend already.
Why do we die?
Why are we born?
All animals are equal.
Tom has a mahogany desk.
I tested it on both Firefox and Chrome.
The soldiers are going for the reputation, rather than for profit.
If Tom did not have this pillow, he would miss it very much.
I've never met anybody like you.
There was a snowstorm is North Dakota.
The oceans are not in good health.
The school is divided into four houses which compete against each other for points.
Tom went to an all-boys school.
Tom went to a private boys' school.
Tom went to an all-boys boarding school.
You only have two options.
The store is closed on Sundays.
This shirt looks good on you.
I'm not resentful, but I also forget nothing.
We would be closer to the truth.
You did what you could.
There is a blank space in front of the first letter of this sentence that should be removed.
This sentence has the wrong flag. It should be changed.
"Do you not like Tom?" "It's not that I don't like him, I just have trouble dealing with people like him."
"You dislike Tom, don't you?" "It's not that I dislike like him, it's just that I kind of have trouble dealing with people like him."
What kind of social contract will enable the sustainable development of our community? What kind of development model is best suited for this purpose?
Even though Tom and Mary didn't like each other at first, they eventually became good friends.
Tom and Mary didn't like each other at first. However, they eventually became good friends.
Who deals the cards now?
Whose turn is it to deal the cards?
Whose turn is it to deal?
Whose turn is it to wash the dishes?
Whose turn is it to drive?
Whose turn is it to pay?
Whose turn is it to buy donuts?
Whose turn is it to set the table?
Whose turn is it to take out the garbage?
Whose turn is it to cook tonight?
Please wait your turn.
Whose turn is it to make dinner tonight?
Whose turn is it to make the coffee?
Whose turn is it to give the dog a bath?
"Why didn't you tell us?" "You didn't ask."
"Why didn't you tell us?" "No one asked."
"Why didn't you tell me?" "You didn't ask."
There is no future without hope.
Should we send peacekeepers into the United States, where gun use is out of control?
We must help them.
We must help him.
We must help her.
We must help Tom.
Clark Kent is Superman.
Love must triumph.
Love will triumph.
I will stay at your place for some days.
My eyes, my eyes!
I tried not to cry.
My boyfriend is not a loser.
I bet she is younger than me.
Tom looked at me.
Oh my God! Tom looked at me!
Tom jumped into the pool from the roof.
And that's how Tom met Mary.
And that's how Mary met Tom.
Tom tried to impress Mary.
Tom looked at his dog.
What's the difference between a dog and a wolf?
I will come if I have time.
I regret that I can't understand what you have said in English.
Could you rewrite this sentence. It is not clear.
What is your favourite hobby in winter?
The black and white dog has bitten me.
Every day my dad leaves for work at eight o'clock.
You knew how to count to ten when you were two years old.
Do you see the girl's mum?
You are cold.
She is cold.
The elephant is the strongest animal.
What's your favorite animal?
You are exactly the person I am looking for.
I reply that I also thought that it was a very important subject.
Sir, we will have something special for you.
I have eight brothers.
We sang in the choir when we were children.
She was a little girl then.
The accident showed that he was careless about driving.
The sentence counts on this page have been updated.
You're here right now.
Tom looked at his dog and his dog looked at him.
Why do we live?
Who created the universe?
How was the universe created?
The dog fetched the ball.
The dog fetched the stick.
The dog fetched the bird.
Tom is training his dog.
Tom trained his dog to jump through hoops.
Tom is Superman's assistant.
This phone has a multitouch screen.
Tom is not famous.
We lay down on the grass and stared at the night sky.
The universe is really big and we're really small.
When I look at the stars, I feel like I'm really insignificant compared to the whole universe.
Rhinoceroses are large animals.
No animals were harmed during the making of this sentence.
Down is warm.
Tom has a goose-down pillow.
Down pillows change shape when you sleep.
Tom uses a pillow to support his back when he sleeps.
He has a queen-sized bed.
They have a king-sized bed.
King size beds are really big.
Jade pillows were believed to transfer the energy of the stone to the brain of the sleeper.
Tom's family rarely eats together.
Tom rarely goes in the backyard.
The timing is critical.
This rare brain-eating amoeba travels up the nose to the brain and starts eating it.
That's not true! You're lying!
It's not entirely your fault.
Tom doesn't get along with his sisters.
My dad works all day.
Tom has a butler.
Tom asked the butler for butter.
Will you cook something for me?
I'm saving them for my grandchildren.
Tom can't park his car in his garage because it's already full.
I have too much stuff!
Why is Tom lying down on the table?
She lied about her age.
He lied about his age to get into the club.
I want to lie down and rest for a while.
Tom was lying flat on his back on a hospital bed.
The patient is lying flat on her back.
Do you often eat dinner with your family?
Tom eats alone in front of his computer.
The children rarely go outside.
Tom stays inside all day staring at the computer.
She has posters of her favorite bands on her walls.
She decorates her walls with posters.
He offered her champagne and roses.
The paraglider landed in the tree.
Speak in Lojban or about Lojban.
There's a sign that says "Enter at your own risk", on the door.
The squirrel is eating pizza.
Therefore don't be anxious for tomorrow, for tomorrow will be anxious for itself. Each day's own evil is sufficient.
Tom got lost in the woods.
Tom got lost in the woods and ended up in someone's backyard.
Do you understand the risks?
The dyer wears white.
Do you like her songs?
Due to his courtesy and his winning smile, Tom gets along well with both men and women.
Recently, I've been waking up several times during the night, so I'm suffering somewhat from lack of sleep.
In September 1972, a general statement between Japan and China was signed, and diplomatic relations were normalized.
In the Sailendra dynasty, which arose in the eighth century in central Java, Mahayana Buddhism blossomed, and Buddhist temples like Borobudur were built.
Tom is lying in bed with a cold.
Tom has a piercing voice.
Tom visited Mary, who was in the hospital with a broken bone.
This product contains no preservatives. After opening, refrigerate and consume quickly.
The hedgehog's snout stretched upwards in curiosity.
Mary's book on hedgehogs testifies to her love for these animals.
Mary's book on hedgehogs demonstrates her love for these animals.
"Tom, you see that I'm busy with my model train. Go bother Mom!" "But Mom says I should go bother you! Can I play, too?"
That's an insult to the poor statue.
This is the best band in the world.
Shut up and clean your room!
It's like selling shoes to a shoemaker.
Mary imposed draconian punishments on her son for committing even the smallest infractions.
In Latin, there are six cases: nominative, genitive, dative, accusative, ablative, and vocative.
Tom is devoting himself to jellyfish research.
Don't always take Tom's side!
Up to now, I've never been successful with languages with more than four cases.
For many years, Tom has been constantly complaining about his traumatic childhood, but there are many people who were similarly abused in their childhood who did not end up like Tom.
Tom bumped his head on the roof of the car.
Tom bumped his head on the ceiling of the car.
Tom has devoted his life to the anti-nuclear-energy movement.
Tom has devoted his life to the movement against nuclear energy.
Before they grasp what is happening to them, the police will arrest them.
Unfortunately, the whole thing fell apart.
Which part of the word "no" do you not understand?
When did you start studying languages?
I have to get up early tomorrow. Can you give me a call at six?
"What will trigonometric functions ever do for me in the future?!" "If you have time to whine, why don't get your housework done quickly instead?!"
Where do you want to live?
Where do you wanna live?
Russian adjectives agree in gender, number, and case with the nouns or pronouns to which they refer.
Tom's proposal is worth considering.
Tom lies without any inhibition.
Tom likes reading Hermann Hesse.
Tom laid the bat on the ground.
Caesar had no mobile phone.
What are the conditions?
What conditions are attached?
Scarcely had her mother left when Mary took control of the house and tirelessly harassed her little brother Tom.
Even after examining the image for a longer time, Tom could not say whether the person it depicted was computer-generated or genuine.
One thing should not be forgotten: a program cannot think.
Break the eggs and remove the yolks.
Careful! Emotional dependency is not synonymous with love!
When I was younger, I hated going to weddings. My grandmothers and aunts would huddle around me, poke me in the side, and giggle "You're next! You're next!" They only stopped this nonsense when I began to do the same thing at funerals.
I've already been working here for a few months.
At night, Mary could see the stars through the window next to her bed.
Tom, an Englishman, spoke impeccable, accent-free German. If I had not known better, I would have taken him for a German from a very good family.
My brother is a seasoned sailor.
The organist played Messiaen, and notes of all colors and aromas rained down upon the rapt audience in the nave of the church.
How can we break out of this vicious circle?
When buying fowl, check that it has no teeth. If it has teeth, it is not fowl.
Do we want to grill? I've bought Thuringian bratwurst.
I just don't have any energy to wash up now. I'll do it later, okay?
Have you already brought the cartons up to the attic?
How do we get out of this situation?
Whether you like it or not, either I bake the cake or no one will!
Due to his impolite behavior toward a customer, Tom was immediately fired.
The grandmother closed the creaking garden gate.
I'm absolutely opposed to the tree being chopped down.
Tatoeba is a treasure trove of wisdom and world knowledge.
Are you a coffee or a tea drinker?
I'm absolutely against the tree being chopped down.
We have talked about all areas of the union's external activity.
It won't be necessary, I think.
Would you please take care of this for me?
I hear that there are people in Japan who keep penguins as pets.
You do not have to answer this question.
You don't have to answer that question.
You don't have to answer all of the questions.
You don't have to answer any of Tom's questions if you don't want to.
Tom asked Mary some very personal questions that she refused to answer.
Have you already carried the boxes up to the attic?
Tom laid the racket on the ground.
Tom laid his racket on the ground.
Tom put his racket on the ground.
Tom put the racket on the ground.
Tom doesn't have a cell phone.
We have exchanged views on all areas of union activity.
Tom didn't have his cell phone with him, so he couldn't call Mary to tell her he'd be late.
Where do you want to sit?
Kiyiv is the mother of Ruthenian cities.
Tom hit his head on the roof of the car.
Do you go there by bus, train or the metro?
They always leave me aside when they meet.
I want a waterbed.
My parents have a water bed.
My cat loves scratching my waterbed.
I just have one thing to say to those who hate me: It's your problem.
Don't worry, I'll translate that for you.
What would you advise me to do?
Is it true that you can't swim?
Tom doesn't like talking about himself.
Who's Tom's girlfriend?
You can't park around here.
You're not allowed to park around here.
"What's wrong?" "I don't have a key."
If you don't want to come, you don't have to.
You don't have to come if you don't want to.
I'll definitely come.
I am really lazy.
She knows how to play poker.
You are adorable.
It is polite of him to write me back at once.
It is polite of you to write me back at once.
I suppose I shouldn't be surprised.
Would that be wise?
I don't think that would be wise.
I don't think that would be a good idea.
I don't think it would be a good idea to do that.
Doing that would be a bad idea.
He plays poker with them.
He is playing poker with them.
I'm just stating the obvious.
I realize I'm just stating the obvious.
Tom was simply stating the obvious.
Tom was just stating the obvious.
Tom was only stating the obvious.
You're just stating the obvious.
What's your major field of study?
Have you chosen a major yet?
Tatoeba contains Lojbanic sentences.
Tom is very drunk.
I can't find what I'm looking for.
It's hard not to write satire. For who is so tolerant of the injustices of the city, so ironclad, that they can hold back?
I have a cow.
There is a cow in the village.
How many cows are there in the village?
There are two cows in the village.
A poet's verses do not have to reflect his character.
Pardon my poor Esperanto.
Say you love me.
I am a masseur.
I need a massage.
Tell me you love me.
You never say that you love me.
That flower is fragrant. I didn't pick it, however.
You never tell me that you love me.
You never tell me you love me.
You never say you love me.
What does a green candle symbolize?
This nut is very crunchy.
I'm eating soup in the kitchen.
Just talk to her.
Just talk to him.
He likes to play soccer.
She dodged the kiss.
Tom dodged Mary's surprise kiss.
Tom's favorite is the triple-layer chocolate cake.
We ate some petit fours in Paris.
I ate a slice of Baumkuchen.
Fennec foxes are cute.
It's not just performance that's important, but also appearance.
He became blind after taking a fake Cialis pill.
I swear by the beard of the prophet.
My horse is white.
Flowers and trees need clean air and water.
Should I tell him that I like him or that I love him?
I decided to become a scientist.
I've decided to become a scientist.
Beer is beer.
Is there anything you're prepared to do today?
What has gone wrong with the European project?
In contrast with you, I am able to recognize my mistakes.
This treaty ensures peace.
This eye defect can be corrected by surgery.
John will undergo a cheek plastic surgery.
Unlike yourself, I'm used to acknowledging my mistakes.
She was wearing a white petticoat.
The students are in the classroom.
I am here.
This is a green fish.
The meal is not salty.
My brothers are under the tree.
My sister is a nurse.
The nurse is not here.
The nurse is ill.
The nurses are in the hospital.
This is a good hospital.
What're you in such a hurry for?
I will eat the orange.
The beautiful girl is in bed.
Should I tell her that I like her or that I love her?
Her mother died when she was a teenager.
The weather is turning nasty.
Why didn't you eat your chocolate?
There were a lot of people on the street.
Comprehension is fundamental.
Even though I don't understand a single word I can tell that it's a very beautiful and emotional song.
He was a bit late.
She was a bit late.
The foreign woman does not have an Italian name.
The street was teeming with people.
I don't feel like doing anything when it's this hot.
What colour is this fish?
Your horse is beautiful.
Halloween's celebrated in October.
Let's speak about it.
The heart must be in harmony and calm; only then does it find joy.
What's a falafel?
Maybe she died with a falafel in her hands.
Maybe he died with a falafel in his hands.
They have to change their name.
I don't understand science.
I can't find the restaurant.
I can't find the hotel.
The priest is an atheist.
He fell in love with the admiral's daughter.
She fell in love with a young officer.
She fell in love with a young soldier.
The cake is shaped like a tree.
A hang glider launched off the cliff.
He's a gastroenterologist.
I am glad to know you.
That's only the start.
The submarine can dive up to meters.
The submarine can dive up to a feet.
It looks good on paper.
I want to feel special.
They walked while trying to avoid the lines in the sidewalk.
Who are you pointing at?
I think this was funnier in my head.
Thanks to each and every one of you for your friendship and support.
He always finds fault with the way I do things.
This movie is a masterpiece.
His head was grey.
In that time I've decided to quit my job.
What an incredible last three months!
A man who does not want to be noticed soon does nothing remarkable. The terrible will for self-abandonment keeps the self from ever emerging.
Hey, I thought that the two of us should drink, so I brought some white wine.
I like to play the piano.
We'll leave when you're ready.
We'll leave as soon as you're ready.
We've only been married for three years.
Do you know those people?
I want to know more about you, Tom.
Why are you being so nice to me?
I have a jealous husband.
What she says is the pure truth.
My hour has not yet come.
He hid his grief behind a smile.
He is used to that type of situation.
Of course you have to get married son; who will cook for you?
I want to see the pictures from Christmas.
For whom was the course prepared?
I am from the Republic of Poland, you are from the Federal Republic of Germany.
They have eliminated all imperfections.
Being ill for a little while does you a lot of good.
Why are you always so nice to me?
Am I the only one here?
I'm an eleventh grader.
I'm a junior in high school.
I'm in the eleventh grade.
It's exactly 10:00.
In December I'm going on vacation in America.
Mary wants a book of English literature.
Hey, nah, I got it.
Who's on the team?
When will they open the meeting?
When do you start on your trip?
What are your ideas on the subject?
We had to break open the door.
Tom's grandmother is a very old woman.
Tom went on an errand.
Tom stood at the open window.
Tom is an old student of mine.
This is only for you.
They opened the road to traffic.
They kept the information about the military operations a secret.
They came in one by one.
The drinks are on the house.
The dog crawled through an opening in the fence.
The doctor said Tom needed an operation.
The dining room isn't open yet.
The car went around the corner on two wheels.
That's still an open question.
That's an open secret.
Put it on ice.
Open up the package.
One of us can buy the tickets.
My hair stood on end.
Let's try to make the call once more.
It's on the left.
It's a book on animals.
Is your offer still open?
Is the road open?
Is the park open to the public?
Is the gas turned on?
Is the door open?
Is roast chicken on the menu tonight?
I'm too old for that.
I'll be there at 2:30, OK?
I'd like to go along if it's OK with you.
I'd be only too glad to help you.
I wear my old coat in weather like this.
I was in the army once.
I was going to buy it, only Tom told me not to.
I have one thought in mind.
I got this on good authority.
I got into town only a week ago.
I don't like this hat. I prefer the gray one.
Give your seat to the old man.
Everything's OK now.
Do you sell on credit?
Do you know how to operate this machine?
Do you have your coat on?
Count from one to a hundred.
Are you open on Saturday?
That's bad for your heart.
I speak Lakota.
I want the book.
Let's forget about what happened today.
Let's pretend that what happened today didn't happen.
I want that blue book on the top shelf. Could you get it for me?
When I was in high school, I got out of bed every morning at six.
When I was in secondary school, I arose every morning at six o'clock.
When I was in high school, I got up at six every morning.
Have you ever gotten food poisoning?
The President cannot make clouds to rain and cannot make the corn to grow, he cannot make business good; although when these things occur, political parties do claim some credit for the good things that have happened in this way
The butterfly flew.
I like that dress a lot.
I really like that dress.
That is a bus stop.
That's my book.
You guys are stupid.
Quit wasting my time.
That still has a question mark next to it.
When are you going out?
Tom never forgets to call his mother on her birthday.
Tom never forgets to give his wife flowers on their wedding anniversary.
Tom never forgets to say thank you.
Tom always remembers to say thank you.
They are investing a lot.
Please let me have my bill.
It's not certain whether he carried out his assignment.
The question is whether he's still alive.
You need to act immediately; later will be too late.
First of all, we'll analyze the facts.
He taught his students how we all depend on each other.
It's just an attempt on his part to maximize profits, as much as possible, in the last moments of negotiations.
The floor is lava!
Tom and Mary played a game pretending that the floor is lava.
Touchdown!
It takes real nerve to leave without paying!
Each face of a polyhedron is a polygon.
The monarch's head appears on the front of all British coins.
That cake looks good.
Childhood is a stage of life in which people adopt a large proportion of their eating habits.
We've become good friends.
My piggy bank was broken by my naughty sister.
It's very important that you fill up all the information and do not leave any blank.
Each one is responsible for his own actions.
If you had worked yesterday, you would have a day off today.
Do you drink?
I only drink on weekends.
I never drink at home.
I see him as a stranger.
It would have been better, if you had asked him which way to go.
Do you need bread, sausage and cheese?
She really ate too much.
The pineapple plant looks like a bush.
The advantage of ageing is that one doesn't demand anymore the things that one failed to obtain in one's youth through lack of money.
I had been inculcated with all kinds of wrong ideas.
I'm going to take a bath first.
Would it be real?
I'll get in first.
I'll get in the pool first.
Let me get into the car first.
I slept soundly.
Do you have to turn it clockwise or counter-clockwise?
Whatever we may decide must be approved by the committee.
The soldier enjoys game and danger, and that is why he enjoys women who are the most dangerous of playthings.
One advantage of being old is that you no longer desire all the things that you couldn't afford to buy when you were young.
If you didn't exist, then I would invent you.
Have you ever seen a baby pigeon?
I don't have as much money as you think I do.
Have you ever wondered why we don't often see baby pigeons?
I've lost the feeling in my legs.
I don't think people actually say it that way anymore.
These roses are beautiful.
They soon became inseparable.
This is too small.
Please come home right away.
Come home right away.
My father listens to classical music.
Please come right away.
Please come right now.
I completely forgot.
It rarely snows here in the winter.
It hardly ever snows here in the winter.
That river is long.
That book is easy.
That car is very fast.
Neither he nor I speak Spanish.
That's a good answer.
That's new.
Don't do anything rash.
Don't be rash.
Don't miss this chance.
I wrote to Tom.
Look after Tom.
Tom is a hunk.
Why is it so popular?
I want an apple.
I want to eat the cheese.
Heather loves the way she lives her life.
Heather is a cute girl.
Heather believes me.
Heather has a toothache.
Are there any girls in prison?
I live in Yerevan.
Time is a good physician, but a bad cosmetician.
If nobody spoke unless he had something to say, the human race would very soon lose the use of speech.
He raised an eyebrow quizzically.
A mistake young people often make is to start learning too many languages at the same time, as they underestimate the difficulties and overestimate their own ability to learn them.
I am waiting my turn.
He went around the corner to buy sweets.
I have the same opinion.
The police are now checking on Tom's alibi.
Tom's alibi checked out.
The problem is that Tom has no alibi for the night of the murder.
It looks like Tom has an alibi for the night Mary was murdered.
Tom has an ironclad alibi for the night of Mary's murder.
Tom was in jail that night so he has the perfect alibi.
I need to find someone to back up Tom's alibi.
The police were able to verify Tom's alibi.
Tom's wife will provide an alibi for him.
Tom had no alibi the night of the murder.
All of the suspects have solid alibis.
You're going to need an alibi.
Tom has an ironclad alibi.
You have a great alibi.
Tom may have an alibi.
The parking lot attendant confirmed your alibi.
Don't you think we have pretty good alibis?
Did the police even check Tom's alibi?
Did the police ever check Tom's alibi?
Do you have any kind of an alibi?
Tom doesn't have an alibi either.
Why do I need an alibi?
Let me be your alibi.
Maria was a devil in the shape of a woman.
Did you find any clues?
Do you think it'll be that easy?
I was young when my parents got divorced.
My parents got divorced when I was young.
Who gave you that?
Who gave you that guitar?
Anyone can tell the truth, but only very few of us can make epigrams.
Who gave you this document?
What do you feel like eating?
I want to talk with him.
My dog Wolfgang always sleeps beside me on the bench while I'm working at the computer.
It's a beautiful life.
Did you really bring everything we'll need for the trip?
We heard the door closing.
There are many leeches in my farm.
She asked me if I knew how to sew.
I don't want to have a stiff neck!
A pair of sunglasses could hide a stye.
Tom asked me if I knew how to speak French.
Tom asked me if I could play the piano.
Tom asked me where Mary lived.
Tom asked me why I was late.
Who do you like us to travel with?
Do you have everything you'll need for your trip?
Who do you want to travel with?
Prejudices die a slow death, and you can never be sure they are really dead.
At the entrance of a Japanese house, visitors are generally asked to take off their shoes.
He asked the general to recall his order.
Someone is coming over.
Someone is coming round.
We're having some people over.
We're having some people round.
This was a great gift for her.
There's a change in the type of crimes.
People physically assault you to steal your money.
This must be my book.
That must be my book.
"Thank you for everything." "You're welcome."
He looks like he's drunk.
Tom is a little chubby.
Tom got injured.
Tom was unmarried.
Tom shed tears.
Tom kept quiet.
There's also another meaning.
I have a stiff neck.
I woke up with a stiff neck.
My leg is still asleep.
I can't take any more.
The news never tells the truth, and the truth is never news.
More and more people search methods of natural medicine.
I like studying languages.
You are very elegant.
The truth is that languages have never been and will never be equal, because there is a very large barrier that history has not been able to take down.
This is a big opportunity for you to show what you can do.
We have it on order and it should be in next week.
If we get organized we can get something done.
When will you have an opportunity to see me?
The chairman called the meeting to order.
I was hired originally to do another job.
Am I the only one here who speaks French?
You should go in the opposite direction.
This is the opposite of what I expected.
We ran up against a lot of opposition.
This is something out of the ordinary.
Either you act now or you get nothing.
Shall I wait here or come back later?
Who were the original people here?
I have a very good opinion of Tom.
Try to put these papers in order.
How do I get to the other side?
Your work is poorly organized.
Do you have any orange juice?
Do you have any other books?
Who ordered you to do this?
The captain gave the order.
The orchestra's tuning up.
Mary wore an orange dress.
That's an original idea.
Stop ordering me around.
Hurry or we'll be late.
How much are oranges?
I'm epileptic.
I will drink the tea.
I will drink the coffee.
Tom and Mary both wanted to go to Boston, but neither of them could get the time off.
This was Tom's third offense, so he was put in jail.
Tom arranged a picnic for the whole office.
Tom is suffering from a nervous disorder.
Yesterday the club elected its officers.
A new president has just been elected.
I've been studying off and on all year.
Tom offered to preside at the meeting.
The chairman's office is to the left.
Tom hasn't run for office for years.
What was your net profit last year?
I don't have the nerve to watch it.
This is a new experience for Tom.
There'll be a new moon next week.
Can you see the nest in the tree?
Were you an officer in the army?
Tom never even opened the book.
The nets were loaded with fish.
May I offer my congratulations?
June is still three months off.
Tom must have nerves of steel.
I hope I haven't offended you.
Tom is a government official.
Oh, so you knew it all along?
I'm new at this kind of work.
Do you have any new potatoes?
Did Tom offer any resistance?
Tom had an attack of nerves.
Tom didn't mean any offense.
I'll go myself if I need to.
Tom's figures were way off.
Neither of us can be there.
What office does Tom hold?
They netted a good profit.
Neither statement is true.
Is this official business?
I'll never go there again.
The machine needs oiling.
Do you need to leave now?
Are you a police officer?
How often do trains run?
What's the latest news?
I feel like a new man.
This building is new.
See me in my office.
How well off is Tom?
I could also hire a car.
He could also hire a car.
She could also hire a car.
You could also hire a car.
Tom wanted to rent a car.
Tom didn't have enough money to rent a car.
Tom rented a car at the airport and drove it to Mary's house.
The alligator ate the dog.
Jiro isn't here now.
He did the work without any difficulty.
I met Tom tonight.
An accident has just happened.
Who ruled Piedmont?
What ties a people together?
What importance did Nationalism have?
She is not a good sailor.
Heather is a very beautiful girl.
With pleasure!
Before dying, she spent more than a month in hospital.
Before dying, he spent more than a month in hospital.
Where are the most beautiful sentences?
I fell in love with him.
Today I can't focus on my work.
Are you good with pixels?
I was just sending you an e-mail!
I'm playing in the garden.
When I was little, I read for hours alone in my room.
The children were happy to see their grandfather and grandmother, whom they hadn't seen for some time.
Get thee to a nunnery!
I don't work during the week, just weekends.
Tom stole her ring.
Tom stole his ring.
It is a custom more honored in the breach than the observance.
It is obvious that that is a lie.
You're in the same situation that I was once in.
Your ex is a psychopath.
I'll need at least three days to translate this thesis.
He allowed his friend to be beaten.
He was a poet and a diplomat.
The Moon is really beautiful tonight.
Absolutely nonsensical things happen in this world.
I know I'm rambling.
I prefer to be in my own comfort zone.
I'm talking nonsense.
Heat is rippling through my body.
There is a long path from desire to realization.
I didn't even know that these sentiments still existed.
Thank you for the flowers!
There is nothing certain in the world.
I'm going to church tonight.
Come to my office any time.
Drop by my office any time.
Football is a brain damaging sport for a brain damaged people.
Some deny that there is a link between concussions received playing football and brain damage, so maybe if you decide to play football you're already brain damaged.
What will you give her?
Why does it hurt when you get sweat in your eyes?
How do you avoid getting sweat in your eyes?
When will the faithful join the procession?
Do what you want, I don't really care.
Why is the spaghetti sweet? You know that I hate it that way.
I am sure he will come this afternoon.
I find those shoes too expensive.
Tom is a preacher.
The pot calls the kettle black!
I want to marry Heather.
The UN has made November Universal Children's Day. On this date, we celebrate the adoption of the Declaration on the Rights of the Child. In Brazil, Children's Day is October 12.
I wouldn't go there on my own.
Tom arrived home safely.
Tom arrived back home safely.
I'm a homosexual.
I'm a lesbian.
I want to marry Mary.
I want to marry Tom.
Heather goes to school at eight o'clock.
I'm a homosexual man.
I'm a homosexual woman.
Tom and Mary are playing in the backyard.
I ate everything on the plate.
Where's today's newspaper?
I have nothing to eat.
Please call me tonight.
It couldn't be helped.
Tom usually leaves for school at about 7:30.
Tom almost always gets home from school before 5:30.
Tom usually walks to school if it's not raining.
I don't have anything to eat.
Happy birthday, dear friend!
They're homosexual.
They're gay.
They're lesbians.
"Why are you angry?" "I'm not angry!"
Now, now, eat quickly, you have to go to kindergarten.
Why are you only nice to me?
The idea got stuck in my head.
To tell the truth, you're all cowards.
You'll make a mistake.
You backed out.
I beat you.
The teacher didn't keep his word.
The teacher didn't keep her word.
Am I ready?
It isn't difficult to hear you.
I always loved you so much.
You were clearly mistaken.
I respect you.
He started the day with a good breakfast.
When I return I want everything to be prepared.
You befooled me.
Do you have a stomachache?
They are homosexual.
Has the train been delayed?
I, the Preacher, was king over Israel in Jerusalem.
I, too, didn't understand anything.
You will get the right to choose.
Vanity of vanities, saith the Preacher, vanity of vanities; all is vanity.
"Vanity of vanities," says the Preacher; "Vanity of vanities, all is vanity."
His wish is a command for me.
Her wish is a command for me.
What profit hath a man of all his labour which he taketh under the sun?
What does man gain from all his labor in which he labors under the sun?
The bear is eating an apple.
The cat is reading a book.
The dog is eating an apple.
They're eating the apples.
I'm very happy and honored to know you.
My full name is Ricardo Vernaut Junior.
Could you take some photos of your city for me?
You're invited to take a tour of Rio with me.
All is to no purpose, said the Preacher, all the ways of man are to no purpose.
I don't give a fig.
They were supposed to have gotten married in May.
They were supposed to have gotten married in May, but they didn't.
We can still win this game.
I'm going to be traveling on November 15th.
There are not so many teachers here.
Give it a try, my friends! You can do it!
Did you know that all Niuean citizens are also citizens of New Zealand?
Niue is a country.
The official language in Niue is Niuean.
In 2003, Niue became the first "Wi-fi" nation in the world.
The population of Niue is only about 1,400.
The capital of Niue is Alofi.
Alofi is the capital of Niue, and its population is about people.
Have you seen a Niuean?
When was the last time you had a stomachache?
Music is love.
I want to hear you play guitar.
Is it so difficult to choose between heaven and hell?
Niue is a very beautiful island country.
Estonia's population is about 1.million people.
He has to make a choice between the objects.
She spread on margarine instead of butter.
Tom moved over so that Mary could sit next to him.
Every day Mary took baskets full of bread to the poor and cared for the sick.
Mary turned herself into a raven and flew away.
Have you got some coins in your wallet?
Do you sell the hibiscus?
You'll see the children selling Arabian jasmines on the streets.
I'm talking about your actions.
Visit me whenever you want.
Good that you told me, otherwise I would never have remembered it.
Both words can be used according to the preference of the user.
In an hour my child gets out of school.
I can see how beautiful Melanie is.
Don't air your dirty laundry in public.
It's your influence!
I got my hair cut today.
Don't worry, I didn't buy them.
Tom kissed Mary on the back of her head.
The conversation switched to politics.
Thank you for your attention!
She was a middle-aged woman.
I'm really pleased to hear that.
I'm degenerating!
It looks like you changed the whole room.
Obviously in my case it's like this.
If you need some more practice, our study needs a good clean out!
Sorry, I just got my hair cut 10cm.
Because of Tom's harsh words, Mary felt as if she had plunged into the depths of misery.
What the fuck did you write?
Being with you makes me happy.
My apartment is not far from here.
God loves those who can control their anger and forgive unintentional negligence.
The last shred of hope had vanished from her heart.
With his sweet showers, April has pierced the drought of March to the root and bathed every vine in the sort of liquid by which flowers are conceived.
His mother called him.
Her mother called her.
This is way better.
Tell me who you are and where you're from.
