You were lucky to survive the attack.
You were manipulating Tom.
You were never like Tom.
You were recommended by a friend.
You were the one who insisted we come here today.
You were the one who said that one was probably better.
You were the one who solved the problem.
You were the only one who could have helped us.
You were the only one who knew where Tom went.
You were wise to cooperate.
You will be rewarded handsomely.
You will remain here until you are summoned.
You won't be allowed to leave.
You won't like it here.
You won't need a gun.
You'd be surprised how much money Tom has in the bank.
You'd be surprised how well Tom can speak French.
You'd be surprised if you knew how many times Tom has been here.
You'd better do as Tom says.
You'd better do better than that next time.
You'd better do what they ask you to do.
You'd better do what Tom tells you to do.
You'd better go inside.
You'd better go now.
You'd better go with Tom.
You'd better go without me.
You'd better not be wasting our time.
You'd better not do that.
You'd do the same thing if you were me.
You'd hire me, wouldn't you?
You'd probably be disappointed.
You'll always be my best friend.
You'll always be part of the family.
You'll be punished for this.
You'll be receiving the results of your test in the mail.
You'll be receiving your certificate in the mail.
You'll be receiving your last paycheck in the mail.
You'll be receiving your license in the mail.
You'll be receiving your refund in the mail.
You'll both have to do better than that.
You'll do better next time.
You'll do fine, Tom.
You'll do no such thing.
You'll do nothing of the kind.
You'll do what you have to do.
You'll hardly recognize Tom the next time you see him.
You'll have plenty of opportunity to explain yourself.
You'll have to do better than that.
You'll have to do it yourself.
You'll have to do things our way.
You'll have to go to Boston to meet Tom next week.
You'll have to trust me.
You'll like it, believe me.
You'll never be able to do it by yourself.
You'll never be able to do that without help.
You'll never regret this.
You'll probably be late for work if you don't hurry.
You'll probably be the first one to show up.
You'll probably be the last one to leave.
You're a bad influence on me.
You're a guest here.
You're a lucky guy.
You're a pathetic loser.
You're a remarkable person.
You're a swell guy, Tom.
You're a talented writer.
You're a very attractive woman.
You're a very curious guy, aren't you?
You're a very gifted artist.
You're a very lucky lady.
You're a very rude person.
You're a very sensitive guy, aren't you?
You're a weird lady.
You're a wise man.
You're a wise person, Tom.
You're a wonderful human being.
You're a worthy opponent.
You're acting like a three-year-old.
You're all a bunch of losers.
You're all bothering me.
You're an amazing dancer.
You're an amazing woman.
You're an attractive girl.
You're an attractive woman.
You're an excellent chef.
You're an excellent cook.
You're an excellent liar.
You're an extraordinary woman.
You're a good role model, Tom.
You're an inspiration to us all.
You're as stubborn as ever.
You're as stubborn as Tom.
You're awfully quiet this morning.
You're awfully quiet today.
You're awfully quiet, Tom.
You're both awfully quiet.
You're bothering us.
You're brighter than most of Tom's friends.
You're confusing Tom.
You're definitely not on the list.
You're definitely prettier than Mary.
You're definitely the person for the job.
You're disturbing the whole neighborhood.
You're entitled to the truth.
You're entitled to your opinion.
You're exceeding your authority.
You're going to have to live with what you did.
You're going to have to quit skipping classes.
You're going to have to try harder.
You're hardly ever here anymore.
You're in a restricted area.
You're in violation of the restraining order.
You're incredibly naive.
You're injured and need medical attention.
You're just like a little puppy.
You're like a brother to me.
You're like a father to me.
You're like Tom in many ways.
You're lucky Tom is your friend.
You're lying to me, aren't you?
You're more talkative than most of Tom's friends.
You're much cuter than your sister.
You're never going to find a better boyfriend than Tom.
You're never going to find another man as good as Tom.
You're not a very good negotiator, are you?
You're not actually threatening me, are you?
You're not allowed in there.
You're not allowed in this room.
You're not allowed outside this room.
You're not allowed to do that.
You're not allowed to swim here.
You're not anything like Tom.
You're not as dumb as you look.
You're not fooling anybody, except maybe Tom.
You're not fooling anyone, Tom.
You're not fooling me, you know.
You're not invited to lunch.
You're not like any other person I know.
You're not like other girls I've dated.
You're not my boss anymore.
You're not my commanding officer anymore.
You're not ready to go yet, are you?
You're not responsible for Tom anymore.
You're not responsible for what Tom did.
You're not scared of snakes, are you?
You're not scaring me, Tom.
You're not scheduled for surgery.
You're not starting to believe this stuff, are you?
You're not supportive of anyone in this family?
You're not supposed to do that.
You're not the only Canadian here.
You're not the only neurosurgeon here.
You're not the only one who wants to leave.
You're not the only woman here.
You're not usually like this.
You're obviously upset about something.
You're obviously very good at your job.
You're one of the most brilliant people I know.
You're one of the only people who knows where Tom is.
You're only deceiving yourself.
You're out of toilet paper.
You're probably bored stiff.
You're probably hungry. Let me get you something to eat.
You're probably right, Tom.
You're quite a skilled negotiator.
You're really confusing me.
You're really scaring me.
You're repeating yourself.
You're risking your career.
You're ruining a perfectly good paint job.
You're ruining everything.
You're scared of Tom, aren't you?
You're scared to death, aren't you?
You're scared to go home, aren't you?
You're scaring the kids.
You're skating on very thin ice.
You're smarter than most of Tom's friends.
You're starting to bother me.
You're starting to scare me.
You're sweating like a pig, Tom.
You're taller than most of Tom's friends.
You're ten minutes late.
You're the best candidate for this job.
You're the computer expert.
You're the expert here, Tom.
You're the expert, Tom.
You're the first person to mention that.
You're the one who gathered the information.
You're the one who invited Tom.
You're the one who kissed me.
You're the one who lied.
You're the one who ought to be afraid.
You're the one who picked the fight.
You're the one who quit.
You're the one who said you wanted to come here.
You're the one who said you wanted to leave.
You're the one who said you wanted to talk.
You're the one who should be worried.
You're the one who should pay the bill.
You're the one who started the fight.
You're the one who started this.
You're the one who suggested buying this computer.
You're the one who suggested coming to this club.
You're the one who suggested stealing Tom's car.
You're the one who suggested we eat Chinese food, so don't complain.
You're the one who taught me how to do this.
You're the one who wanted to talk to Tom, not me.
You're the only one here who can speak French.
You're the only one here who doesn't know Tom.
You're the only one here who drinks coffee without sugar.
You're the only one here who likes basketball.
You're the only one here who likes Tom.
You're the only one here who thinks it's a good idea to do that.
You're the only one here who thinks Tom is a nice guy.
You're the only one to survive the attack.
You're the only one who came tonight.
You're the only one who can do that.
You're the only one who can do what needs to be done.
You're the only one who can help.
You're the only one who hasn't done what I asked.
You're the only one who knows how to get to Tom's house.
You're the only one who thinks that's true.
You're the only one who understands me.
You're the only one who was able to escape from the burning building.
You're the only other person who knows the combination to this safe.
You're the only other person who knows the truth.
You're the only other person who knows what actually happened.
You're the only other person who knows where Tom is.
You're the only other person who knows why Tom was fired.
You're the only person that can do this.
You're the remarkable one.
You're the responsible one.
You're the strategy expert.
You're the weird one.
You're the worst basketball coach this team has ever had.
You're totally useless.
You're twisting my words.
You're twisting the truth.
You're very different from us.
You're very wise, Tom.
You're violating my civil rights.
You're wasting our time.
You're wasting precious time.
You're wasting your breath.
You're wasting your money and my time.
You're welcome to accompany us.
You've already decided to go swimming, haven't you?
You've already decided to leave early, haven't you?
You've already decided to quit, haven't you?
You've barely said a word all night.
You've betrayed us again.
You've betrayed us all.
You've brightened my day.
You've definitely gotten better at French.
You've definitely gotten stronger.
You've earned a break.
You've earned a good rest.
You've earned a rest.
You've got to listen a little more carefully from now on.
You've got to read this.
You've got to stop doing that.
You've got to study harder.
You've had plenty of chances.
You've never coached before, have you?
You've never complained before.
You've never done this before, have you?
You've never forgiven me, have you?
You've probably done this many times before.
You've succeeded where others have failed.
You've violated our trust.
Your name is definitely not on the list.
Why are you so clumsy?
Did you need a laundry basket?
Tom abandoned his family and moved to Boston.
Tom abandoned his family.
Tom abandoned his hope of becoming a doctor.
Tom abandoned his wife and children.
Tom abandoned the idea.
Tom abandoned the plan.
Tom abused my confidence.
Tom abused our trust.
Tom abuses his authority.
Tom accepted my present.
Tom accepted our offer.
Tom accepted the job.
Tom accepted the nomination.
Tom accidentally bumped into Mary and apologized.
Tom accidentally cut himself with his new knife.
Tom accidentally hit his thumb with a hammer.
Tom accumulated a large fortune.
Tom accused Mary of being a liar.
Tom accused Mary of having lied to him.
Tom accused Mary of lying.
Tom accused Mary of stealing.
Tom accused me of having broken my promise.
Tom accused me of having stolen his watch.
Tom acknowledged his mistake.
Tom acknowledged making a mistake.
Tom acknowledged that he had made a mistake.
Tom acted as my guide.
Tom acted like a baby.
Tom acted like a child.
Tom acted like a lunatic.
Tom acted like a madman.
Tom acted like a saint.
Tom acted like he owned the place.
Tom acted like he was afraid.
Tom acts like he knows everything.
Tom actually believed he could predict the future.
Tom actually didn't do what he said he did.
Tom actually didn't see the accident.
Tom adjusted the scarf around his neck.
Tom admired Mary's work.
Tom admitted having done wrong.
Tom admitted he had accepted a bribe.
Tom admitted he had no idea where his wife was.
Tom admitted he was afraid.
Tom admitted he was guilty.
Tom admitted he was nervous.
Tom admitted that he had committed the crime.
Tom admitted that he had stolen the Mary's necklace.
Tom admitted that he was guilty.
Tom admitted that it was true.
Tom advertised his house for sale.
Tom advised caution.
Tom advised Mary not to go out after dark.
Tom advised Mary not to go.
Tom advised Mary not to leave her windows open at night.
Tom advised Mary to stop drinking.
Tom advised Mary to take her umbrella with her.
Tom advised me to go there.
Tom advised us not to do that.
Tom agreed to do what we asked him to do.
Tom agreed with Mary.
Tom agreed with me.
Tom aimed the gun at Mary and fired it.
Tom allowed his children to go swimming.
Tom almost always ignores my advice.
Tom almost always wears dark clothes.
Tom almost never drinks beer before noon.
Tom almost never eats junk food.
Tom almost never gets angry.
Tom almost never goes to Boston.
Tom almost never speaks French.
Tom also saw it.
Tom also speaks French.
Tom also was very hungry.
Tom also was very sad.
Tom also was very serious.
Tom also was very sick.
Tom also was very thirsty.
Tom always asks for Mary's opinion.
Tom always asks for my opinion.
Tom always asks the same questions.
Tom always ate fruit for breakfast.
Tom always did his best to help Mary.
Tom always did his best to help me.
Tom always does as he pleases.
Tom always does his best to make Mary happy.
Tom always eats dinner with his family.
Tom always gets home at about 6:00.
Tom always hums while working.
Tom always keeps his room clean.
Tom always keeps his room neat.
Tom always leaves for work at 8:00.
Tom always leaves his computer on.
Tom always listens to the news on the radio while he's eating breakfast.
Tom always looks in the rearview mirror before he backs up.
Tom always says hi to me when we pass each other on the street.
Tom always seems happy.
Tom always seems to have trouble making decisions.
Tom always seems to have trouble talking to women.
Tom always seems uncomfortable around children.
Tom always sits in the front row.
Tom always stays in bed until noon on Sundays.
Tom always takes good notes.
Tom always takes his time in everything he does.
Tom always takes sides with Mary.
Tom always talks as if he knows everything.
Tom always talks like he knows everything.
Tom always tries to do what he thinks is right.
Tom always wanted to go to Boston, but he never had the chance.
Tom always wanted to study French.
Tom always wants to have his own way.
Tom always works hard.
Tom always worries about things that don't really matter very much.
Tom always yells when he's angry.
Tom and his wife tried to work out their problems.
Tom and I already know each other.
Tom and I are about the same age.
Tom and I are almost the same height.
Tom and I are almost the same weight.
Tom and I are best friends.
Tom and I are both adults.
Tom and I are brothers.
Tom and I are Canadians.
Tom and I are childhood friends.
Tom and I are classmates.
Tom and I are close friends.
Tom and I are cousins.
Tom and I are dependent on each other.
Tom and I are good friends now, but we didn't like each other the first time we met.
Tom and I are in love with each other.
Tom and I are in the same class.
Tom and I are just friends.
Tom and I are just good friends.
Tom and I are just like brothers.
Tom and I are just students.
Tom and I are lawyers.
Tom and I are lifeguards.
Tom and I are like brothers.
Tom and I are married now.
Tom and I are married to each other.
Tom and I are married.
Tom and I are Mary's classmates.
Tom and I are neighbors.
Tom and I are newcomers.
Tom and I are newlyweds.
Tom and I are nonsmokers.
Tom and I are normal.
Tom and I are not a couple.
Tom and I are on our way home.
Tom and I are separated.
Tom and I are soul mates.
Tom and I are still friends.
Tom and I are students.
Tom and I are teachers.
Tom and I aren't Canadians.
Tom and I aren't cowards.
Tom and I aren't fools.
Tom and I aren't friends.
Tom and I aren't strangers.
Tom and I aren't the same.
Tom and I argued with each other about what we should do.
Tom and I barely know each other.
Tom and I became best friends.
Tom and I became friends.
Tom and I became good friends.
Tom and I bought our plane tickets three months in advance.
Tom and I can't change our schedules.
Tom and I did our best to help Mary.
Tom and I didn't like each other.
Tom and I discussed our plans for the future.
Tom and I discussed the problem with each other.
Tom and I don't get along with each other.
Tom and I don't know each other.
Tom and I don't like our neighbors.
Tom and I don't share the same values.
Tom and I enjoy talking with each other.
Tom and I get on well with our neighbors.
Tom and I go to the same school.
Tom and I got drunk together last weekend.
Tom and I got separated.
Tom and I got there at the same time.
Tom and I got to know each other in Boston.
Tom and I got to know each other quite well when we traveled together.
Tom and I had a cup of coffee together this morning.
Tom and I happened to be on the same train.
Tom and I happened to get on the same train.
Tom and I have been close friends for a long time.
Tom and I have been good friends since we were kids.
Tom and I have been married for three years.
Tom and I have been out of touch with each other for a long time.
Tom and I have known each other for a long time.
Tom and I have known each other for about three years.
Tom and I have known each other for years.
Tom and I have known each other since we were kids.
Tom and I have no secrets from each other.
Tom and I have our differences.
Tom and I have started to get on each other's nerves.
Tom and I have the same problem.
Tom and I haven't known each other long.
Tom and I haven't seen each other for a long time.
Tom and I haven't seen each other since we were in kindergarten.
Tom and I help each other.
Tom and I helped each other.
Tom and I hugged each other.
Tom and I introduced ourselves to each other.
Tom and I know each other quite well.
Tom and I know each other.
Tom and I live near each other.
Tom and I looked at each other and smiled.
Tom and I love each other.
Tom and I often eat together.
Tom and I often give each other presents.
Tom and I often help each other with our homework.
Tom and I often swim together.
Tom and I ran into each other at the airport.
Tom and I recognized each other even though we hadn't seen each other for years.
Tom and I run into each other at the supermarket every once in a while.
Tom and I see each other every day at school.
Tom and I see each other every day.
Tom and I started at the same time.
Tom and I stayed at the same hotel.
Tom and I still love each other.
Tom and I take the same bus to school.
Tom and I talked about a lot of things.
Tom and I talked about many things.
Tom and I talked about various things.
Tom and I talked to each other by phone.
Tom and I think alike.
Tom and I tried our best.
Tom and I understand each other.
Tom and I used to be best friends.
Tom and I used to be close friends.
Tom and I used to be friends.
Tom and I used to be neighbors.
Tom and I used to go to the same school.
Tom and I used to visit each other every weekend.
Tom and I usually speak to each other in French.
Tom and I walked together.
Tom and I want the same thing.
Tom and I went to school together.
Tom and I went to the party together.
Tom and I were born on the same day.
Tom and I were neighbors.
Tom and I were on the same train.
Tom and I were roommates for three years.
Tom and I weren't friends.
Tom and I'll always be friends.
Tom and I'll be neighbors soon.
Tom and I'll do our best.
Tom and I'll take turns watching your kids.
Tom and John both fell in love with Mary.
Tom and John fell in love with the same girl.
Tom and Mary admire each other.
Tom and Mary agreed on everything.
Tom and Mary already know each other.
Tom and Mary announced their engagement to their families.
Tom and Mary are both helicopter pilots.
Tom and Mary are both professors.
Tom and Mary are both very generous with their money.
Tom and Mary are disappointed in their son.
Tom and Mary are like brother and sister.
Tom and Mary are married to each other.
Tom and Mary are more or less the same size.
Tom and Mary are more or less the same weight.
Tom and Mary are my classmates.
Tom and Mary are on their honeymoon.
Tom and Mary are on their way home.
Tom and Mary are our guests.
Tom and Mary are outsiders.
Tom and Mary are probably on vacation.
Tom and Mary are proud of their son.
Tom and Mary are putting on their coats and gloves.
Tom and Mary are teachers.
Tom and Mary are trying to sell their house.
Tom and Mary are vegetarians.
Tom and Mary are very devoted to each other.
Tom and Mary aren't John's real parents.
Tom and Mary aren't my parents.
Tom and Mary armed themselves with knives.
Tom and Mary arrived in Boston at the same time.
Tom and Mary arrived separately.
Tom and Mary asked John to babysit their children.
Tom and Mary asked John to help them with their homework.
Tom and Mary ate the whole cake by themselves.
Tom and Mary avoided each other for days.
Tom and Mary barely know each other.
Tom and Mary became close friends.
Tom and Mary blamed themselves for everything that went wrong.
Tom and Mary both couldn't remember where they had first met.
Tom and Mary both drink too much coffee.
Tom and Mary both graduated from the same university.
Tom and Mary both remained fairly calm.
Tom and Mary both wanted to focus more on their careers.
Tom and Mary broke off their engagement.
Tom and Mary bumped against each other.
Tom and Mary called off their engagement.
Tom and Mary came to love each other.
Tom and Mary can't get enough of each other.
Tom and Mary chatted about the weather.
Tom and Mary combined their money to buy a present for John.
Tom and Mary come from the same country.
Tom and Mary come from the same town.
Tom and Mary congratulated each other on their promotions.
Tom and Mary congratulated each other on their success.
Tom and Mary could make themselves understood in French.
Tom and Mary couldn't agree on how it should be done.
Tom and Mary couldn't agree on what to do.
Tom and Mary couldn't agree on which one to buy.
Tom and Mary couldn't decide whether to go to Boston or Chicago.
Tom and Mary couldn't defend themselves.
Tom and Mary couldn't forgive themselves.
Tom and Mary couldn't help smiling at each other.
Tom and Mary couldn't make themselves understood in French.
Tom and Mary couldn't pay back the money they owed.
Tom and Mary couldn't stop smiling at each other.
Tom and Mary danced together.
Tom and Mary decided to break up.
Tom and Mary decided to get divorced.
Tom and Mary decided to get the same tattoo.
Tom and Mary decided to play chess.
Tom and Mary decided to quit dating each other.
Tom and Mary decorated the gym with balloons.
Tom and Mary did what they had to.
Tom and Mary did what they were told.
Tom and Mary didn't agree on anything.
Tom and Mary didn't feel like hanging out together.
Tom and Mary didn't get along.
Tom and Mary didn't invite John to their wedding.
Tom and Mary didn't invite me to their wedding.
Tom and Mary didn't know each other until John introduced them.
Tom and Mary didn't know that much about each other.
Tom and Mary didn't like each other.
Tom and Mary didn't say anything to each other.
Tom and Mary didn't wish to remain married to each other.
Tom and Mary discussed the problem.
Tom and Mary discussed their plans for the future.
Tom and Mary divided the money between themselves.
Tom and Mary don't go to the same school.
Tom and Mary don't live in the same house.
Tom and Mary don't often do things together.
Tom and Mary don't see each other anymore.
Tom and Mary don't see each other very often.
Tom and Mary don't seem to be happy to see each other.
Tom and Mary don't talk to each other anymore.
Tom and Mary don't usually enjoy the same things.
Tom and Mary enjoy each other's company.
Tom and Mary enjoyed singing songs together.
Tom and Mary enjoyed themselves at the party.
Tom and Mary enjoyed themselves.
Tom and Mary exchange gifts every Christmas.
Tom and Mary exchanged glances with each other.
Tom and Mary exchanged puzzled looks, wondering what the smell was.
Tom and Mary exchanged seats with each other.
Tom and Mary fell in love the moment their eyes met.
Tom and Mary fell in love with each other at first sight.
Tom and Mary fell in love.
Tom and Mary finally reached their destination.
Tom and Mary finished their meal and then went into the living room to watch TV.
Tom and Mary followed John.
Tom and Mary gave their mother flowers on Mother's Day.
Tom and Mary got here at the same time.
Tom and Mary had to cancel their trip to Australia.
Tom and Mary had to change their plans.
Tom and Mary had to postpone their departure.
Tom and Mary had to postpone their honeymoon.
Tom and Mary had to postpone their trip.
Tom and Mary had to postpone their wedding.
Tom and Mary had trouble making themselves understood in French.
Tom and Mary have a very complicated relationship.
Tom and Mary have decided to get married in October.
Tom and Mary have decided to get married.
Tom and Mary have known each other for a very long time.
Tom and Mary have known each other for years.
Tom and Mary introduced themselves to each other.
Tom and Mary like to go dancing with their friends.
Tom and Mary live near each other.
Tom and Mary need to help each other more often.
Tom and Mary need to learn to communicate with each other better.
Tom and Mary need to take a break from each other.
Tom and Mary need to take a break from one another.
Tom and Mary nodded to each other politely.
Tom and Mary passionately kissed each other.
Tom and Mary planned John's surprise party together.
Tom and Mary probably won't see each other for a while.
Tom and Mary realized that they weren't really compatible.
Tom and Mary respect each other.
Tom and Mary sat on the bench, watching people swim.
Tom and Mary seem to be attracted to each other, don't they?
Tom and Mary seem to be flirting with each other.
Tom and Mary seem to really be in love with each other.
Tom and Mary seldom give each other presents.
Tom and Mary should be very happy together.
Tom and Mary showered John with confetti.
Tom and Mary spent the afternoon baking pumpkin pies.
Tom and Mary splashed each other.
Tom and Mary split a bottle of red wine after dinner.
Tom and Mary stared at each other angrily.
Tom and Mary stared at each other for a few moments.
Tom and Mary stared at each other for several seconds.
Tom and Mary stared at each other in shock.
Tom and Mary stared at each other silently.
Tom and Mary stared into each others' eyes.
Tom and Mary take turns taking out the garbage.
Tom and Mary take turns washing the dishes.
Tom and Mary took turns driving the car.
Tom and Mary want different things.
Tom and Mary went for a late-night swim.
Tom and Mary went shopping together.
Tom and Mary went to the jewelry store together.
Tom and Mary were angry at each other.
Tom and Mary were both wearing rubber gloves.
Tom and Mary were screaming at each other in French.
Tom and Mary were screaming at each other.
Tom and Mary were seated beside each other.
Tom and Mary were whispering to each other.
Tom and Mary won't be able see each other for a while.
Tom and only Tom knows the whole truth.
Tom and only Tom really knows what happened.
Tom angrily slammed the door.
Tom angrily tore up Mary's letter.
Tom angrily walked out of the room.
Tom announced his engagement to Mary.
Tom annoyed everyone with his constant complaints.
Tom answered all of our questions in less than ten minutes.
Tom answered all the questions easily.
Tom answered all the questions correctly.
Tom answered correctly.
Tom answered incorrectly.
Tom apologized for being late.
Tom apologized for his rudeness.
Tom apologized for stepping on my foot.
Tom apologized for wasting our time.
Tom apologized to Mary for his rudeness.
Tom apologized to Mary for losing his temper.
Tom appealed to the judge for mercy.
Tom appears to be happy.
Tom appears to be strong and healthy.
Tom appears to be uncomfortable.
Tom applied for a job with our company.
Tom applied for a job.
Tom applied for a scholarship.
Tom applied for the job and got it.
Tom applied for the job, but didn't get it.
Tom arrived after Mary left.
Tom arrived after the bell rang.
Tom arrived at his office later than usual.
Tom arrived at school on time.
Tom arrived earlier than usual.
Tom arrived early.
Tom arrived here thirty minutes early.
Tom arrived home after dark.
Tom arrived in Boston yesterday.
Tom arrived in time for the meeting.
Tom arrived just as I was going home.
Tom arrived late as usual.
Tom arrived later than usual.
Tom arrived on time.
Tom arrived safe and sound.
Tom arrived safely.
Tom arrived shortly after Mary did.
Tom arrived shortly after Mary left.
Tom arrived the day Mary left.
Tom arrived three hours late and that made Mary angry.
Tom arrived too early.
Tom arrived too late.
Tom arrived very early.
Tom arrived very late.
Tom asked a few pertinent questions.
Tom asked a few questions.
Tom asked about you.
Tom asked for a cup of coffee.
Tom asked for a glass of water.
Tom asked for a lot of money.
Tom asked for a massage.
Tom asked for a pay raise.
Tom asked for directions to the nearest hospital.
Tom asked for food.
Tom asked for money.
Tom asked for more money.
Tom asked for my advice.
Tom asked for permission to leave early.
Tom asked for permission to use the phone.
Tom asked for some help.
Tom asked for some money.
Tom asked Mary if she could do him a favor.
Tom asked Mary if she liked Chinese food.
Tom asked Mary if she wanted to go abroad.
Tom asked Mary if she wanted to go to a movie.
Tom asked Mary if she was coming with him.
Tom asked Mary if she was happy.
Tom asked Mary if she was hungry.
Tom asked Mary if she would help him with his homework.
Tom asked Mary some stupid questions that she refused to answer.
Tom asked Mary some stupid questions.
Tom asked Mary three times to marry him before she said yes.
Tom asked Mary to buy a box of laundry detergent.
Tom asked Mary to buy a gift for John.
Tom asked Mary to call him later.
Tom asked Mary to do it.
Tom asked Mary to do something for him, but I don't know what.
Tom asked Mary to drive him to the office.
Tom asked Mary to help him, but she didn't want to.
Tom asked Mary to marry him, but she refused.
Tom asked Mary to open the door.
Tom asked Mary to pass him the gravy.
Tom asked Mary to repeat what she had just said.
Tom asked Mary to return the money that he had lent her.
Tom asked Mary to sing, but she didn't want to.
Tom asked Mary what she thought the problem was.
Tom asked Mary what she thought.
Tom asked Mary what time she expected to get home.
Tom asked Mary what to do next.
Tom asked Mary when she was going to go shopping.
Tom asked Mary when she was planning to leave.
Tom asked Mary where she had been.
Tom asked Mary where she was planning to go.
Tom asked Mary who she was planning to go to Boston with.
Tom asked Mary why she was unhappy.
Tom asked me a few questions.
Tom asked me a question.
Tom asked me about Mary.
Tom asked me about my job.
Tom asked me for help.
Tom asked me how much I weighed.
Tom asked me how tall I was.
Tom asked me how to do it.
Tom asked me how to get to Mary's house.
Tom asked me how to get to the post office.
Tom asked me if anybody was in the classroom.
Tom asked me if he should ask Mary out.
Tom asked me if he was on the list of people invited to the party.
Tom asked me if I could do him a favor.
Tom asked me if I had already paid the bill.
Tom asked me if I had finished my homework yet.
Tom asked me if I had found the keys.
Tom asked me if I had slept well.
Tom asked me if I knew anybody living in Boston.
Tom asked me if I knew anybody who could translate from French into English.
Tom asked me if I knew how to swim.
Tom asked me if I knew Mary.
Tom asked me if I knew Mary's email address.
Tom asked me if I knew Mary's telephone number.
Tom asked me if I knew what time the meeting was going to start.
Tom asked me if I knew where Mary lived.
Tom asked me if I knew who Mary's boyfriend was.
Tom asked me if I liked Chinese food.
Tom asked me if I liked chocolate.
Tom asked me if I liked studying French.
Tom asked me if I wanted another beer.
Tom asked me if I was angry.
Tom asked me if I was happy or not.
Tom asked me if I was happy.
Tom asked me if I was impressed by Mary's singing.
Tom asked me if I was sleepy.
Tom asked me if I was tired.
Tom asked me if I would be free tomorrow.
Tom asked me if I would be home this evening.
Tom asked me if I would be willing to contribute some money.
Tom asked me if I would be willing to help.
Tom asked me some questions about Mary.
Tom asked me the same questions Mary had asked me.
Tom asked me to be more attentive.
Tom asked me to do it.
Tom asked me to help him put new frets on his guitar.
Tom asked me to make certain I was on time.
Tom asked me to open the door.
Tom asked me to pass him the salt and pepper.
Tom asked me to proofread his essay.
Tom asked me to return the money I had borrowed.
Tom asked me to speak more slowly.
Tom asked me to throw him the ball.
Tom asked me to wait here until he came back.
Tom asked me what had happened to Mary.
Tom asked me what I expected.
Tom asked me what I had been doing.
Tom asked me what I had bought.
Tom asked me what I needed.
Tom asked me what I thought was going to happen.
Tom asked me what I wanted.
Tom asked me what the problem was.
Tom asked me when I was going to buy a new computer.
Tom asked me when I was planning to go back to Boston.
Tom asked me when I would be going to Australia.
Tom asked me where he could buy a ticket.
Tom asked me where he could park his car.
Tom asked me where he could put his coat.
Tom asked me where I had bought my hiking boots.
Tom asked me where I lived.
Tom asked me where my car was parked.
Tom asked me where the restroom was.
Tom asked me where to go.
Tom asked me where to put his coat.
Tom asked me which team I thought would win the game.
Tom asked me who had painted the picture that was hanging on my wall.
Tom asked me who I thought would be at the meeting.
Tom asked me who my French teacher was.
Tom asked me who the man standing in front of the statue was.
Tom asked me who was responsible for the accident.
Tom asked me why I didn't eat meat.
Tom asked me why I didn't live in Boston anymore.
Tom asked me why I never came into the office on Mondays.
Tom asked me why I never learned how to swim.
Tom asked me why I never tried to get a driver's license.
Tom asked me why I was crying.
Tom asked me why I was here.
Tom asked me why I was laughing.
Tom asked me why I was smiling.
Tom asked me why Mary and John broke up.
Tom asked the janitor to open the door to the auditorium.
Tom asked the same question to many people.
Tom asked us not to be late.
Tom asked us not to come.
Tom asked us not to make any noise.
Tom asked us not to wear shoes in his house.
Tom asked us to be silent.
Tom asked us to sit down.
Tom asked us to help him move his piano.
Tom asked us to help him.
Tom asked us what we thought Mary wanted to do.
Tom asked us what we thought Mary wanted.
Tom asked us what we wanted to do.
Tom asked us what we wanted.
Tom asks me the same questions every time he sees me.
Tom ate a lot. He must've been hungry.
Tom ate a whole box of chocolates by himself.
Tom ate everything that was on his plate.
Tom ate some peach cobbler.
Tom ate the whole apple in less than three minutes.
Tom ate three times as much as Mary did.
Tom ate twice as much as I did.
Tom attempted to apologize in French.
Tom attempted to climb over the fence.
Tom attributed his success to hard work.
Tom backed his car into the garage.
Tom backed out of the garage.
Tom backed up his data.
Tom bailed on us just when we needed him most.
Tom baited the hook.
Tom baked some muffins.
Tom bakes bread about once a week.
Tom barely passed the test.
Tom became a Catholic.
Tom became a famous actor.
Tom became a famous singer.
Tom became a police officer.
Tom became a sailor.
Tom became a soldier.
Tom became a successful lawyer.
Tom became aware that he was no longer alone anymore.
Tom became blind.
Tom became famous.
Tom became furious.
Tom became rich.
Tom became wiser as he grew older.
Tom became world famous.
Tom began his speech with a joke.
Tom began screaming in pain.
Tom began singing.
Tom began to button up his shirt.
Tom began to eat his breakfast.
Tom began to feel afraid.
Tom began to feel hungry.
Tom began to feel sick.
Tom began to feel sleepy.
Tom began to feel tired.
Tom began to pour wine into the glasses.
Tom began to shout.
Tom began to sing.
Tom began to suspect something was wrong.
Tom began to suspect something wasn't quite right.
Tom began to whistle to himself.
Tom began to work for our company three years ago.
Tom begged his father to buy him a new bicycle.
Tom begged Mary not to leave.
Tom begged me to stay.
Tom behaved badly.
Tom behaved like a child.
Tom behaves like a child.
Tom believed he could actually predict the future.
Tom believed that what Mary told him was true.
Tom belongs to a large family.
Tom bent down and picked up the ball.
Tom bent down and picked up the pen that he'd dropped.
Tom bent down and pretended to be tying one of his shoes.
Tom bent down to pet his dog.
Tom bent down to scratch the dog behind the ear.
Tom bent over to tie his shoes.
Tom bet me thirty dollars that I wouldn't eat this.
Tom bit off more than he could chew.
Tom blamed me for the accident.
Tom blamed the accident on Mary.
Tom blamed the accident on me.
Tom bled to death.
Tom blew out the candles on the cake.
Tom borrowed a lot of money from the bank.
Tom borrowed Mary's car over the weekend.
Tom borrowed money from Mary.
Tom borrowed some money from us.
Tom borrowed three hundred dollars from me.
Tom bought a bicycle for three hundred dollars.
Tom bought a house in Boston.
Tom bought a new pair of boots.
Tom bought a new pair of leather gloves.
Tom bought a rose and gave it to Mary.
Tom bought a round-trip ticket to Boston.
Tom bought a straw hat.
Tom bought three bottles of red wine.
Tom bought himself a cup of coffee.
Tom bought himself a new guitar for Christmas.
Tom bought his daughter a new dress for the party.
Tom bought that car because his wife liked it.
Tom bought three loaves of bread.
Tom bought us some drinks.
Tom bowed his head.
Tom bowed to his teacher.
Tom bowed to me as he left the room.
Tom broke his arm.
Tom broke into Mary's house.
Tom broke my heart.
Tom broke the door open.
Tom broke the window on purpose.
Tom brought his children with him.
Tom brought his dog to school.
Tom brought Mary to our party.
Tom brushed the dirt off his jeans.
Tom burned himself badly.
Tom buttoned up his shirt and then put on his tie.
Tom buttoned up his uniform.
Tom called a cab for me.
Tom called Mary every day.
Tom called Mary from the airport.
Tom called me a cab.
Tom called me a coward.
Tom called me a taxi.
Tom called me almost every day.
Tom called off his trip.
Tom called to say he couldn't attend the meeting.
Tom called to say that he'd be late.
Tom calmly poured himself a drink.
Tom calmly reloaded his pistol.
Tom came minutes late.
Tom came after you left.
Tom came back at 2:30.
Tom came by bus.
Tom came close to breaking an arm.
Tom came close to losing an eye.
Tom came here to help me.
Tom came into my room without knocking.
Tom came into the classroom three minutes after the bell had rung.
Tom came into the room, carrying a bunch of flowers.
Tom came just after you left.
Tom came just as I was leaving.
Tom came out from behind the curtain.
Tom came out from where he was hiding.
Tom came out of the bathroom with a towel around his waist.
Tom came out of the cave.
Tom came out of the house with his hands in the air.
Tom came running into the living room.
Tom came to Boston to look for a job.
Tom came to my office yesterday.
Tom came to pick me up at 2:30.
Tom came to school even though he was sick.
Tom came to school very late today.
Tom came to see me yesterday afternoon.
Tom came to see me.
Tom came to see you yesterday.
Tom came to talk to me yesterday afternoon.
Tom came to the party last night with Mary.
Tom came up with an answer to our problem.
Tom came when you were out.
Tom can barely swim.
Tom can be awfully stubborn.
Tom can be counted on.
Tom can be extremely dangerous.
Tom can be quite persuasive.
Tom can be quite stubborn.
Tom can be relied on.
Tom can be such a jerk.
Tom can be very dangerous.
Tom can be very persuasive.
Tom can do what he wants.
Tom can even speak French.
Tom can hardly support himself on his salary.
Tom can play a flute.
Tom can play both tennis and baseball.
Tom can play the flute.
Tom can play the guitar better than I can.
Tom can play the piano.
Tom can see very well without his glasses.
Tom can speak French as well as English.
Tom can speak French better than any other student in his class.
Tom can speak French better than me.
Tom can speak French better than the rest of us.
Tom can speak French much better than I can.
Tom can speak French much better than me.
Tom can speak French well enough.
Tom can stay here a little longer if he wants to.
Tom can swim much faster than I can.
Tom can swim much faster than me.
Tom can't afford to buy a new car.
Tom can't be much older than I am.
Tom can't be under thirty.
Tom can't buy a car.
Tom can't cook very well.
Tom can't cope very well with these kinds of situations.
Tom can't have done all this by himself.
Tom can't keep a secret.
Tom can't run very fast.
Tom can't seem to get along with anyone.
Tom can't sing very well.
Tom can't sing well.
Tom can't speak French at all.
Tom can't speak French very well.
Tom can't speak French without making a lot of mistakes.
Tom can't swim as well as Mary.
Tom can't swim very well.
Tom canceled his appointment at the last moment.
Tom carried the boxes upstairs.
Tom carried the tool box into the garage.
Tom caught a cold.
Tom caught three fish this afternoon.
Tom changed his email address.
Tom changed schools last year.
Tom cheated on the exam.
Tom checked out of the hotel.
Tom checked the oil level.
Tom checked to make sure he had his ticket and passport.
Tom checks his blood pressure once a week.
Tom claimed Mary owed him money.
Tom claimed that his gun was stolen the week before Mary was murdered.
Tom claims that he was in Boston the night Mary was murdered.
Tom claims that he's happy.
Tom claims that he's rich.
Tom cleans his room every Monday.
Tom clearly had something to say, but he didn't say anything.
Tom clenched his teeth.
Tom clicked a button on his remote, but nothing happened.
Tom clicked off the light.
Tom clicked off the radio.
Tom clicked on his flashlight.
Tom clicked on the lights.
Tom clicked on the thumbnail so he could see a larger version of the same image.
Tom clicked the light off.
Tom clicked the lights on.
Tom clicked the safety off on his rifle.
Tom clicked to another page.
Tom climbed into bed and turned off the light.
Tom climbed into his car.
Tom climbed up the ladder as quickly as he could.
Tom clinked his wine glass against Mary's.
Tom closed his eyes and concentrated.
Tom closed his eyes and drifted off to sleep.
Tom closed his eyes and leaned against the side of the elevator.
Tom closed his eyes tightly and endured the pain.
Tom closed his locker.
Tom closed the conference room door.
Tom closed the door quietly behind him.
Tom closed the gate.
Tom collects stamps.
Tom combed back his hair.
Tom comes from Australia.
Tom comes here at this time every day.
Tom comes here every now and then.
Tom comes here every three days.
Tom comes here practically every day.
Tom comes here three times a month.
Tom comes here twice a week.
Tom complained that he didn't have enough time to read.
Tom complained that he had been treated unfairly.
Tom complained that his room was too small.
Tom complained that the room was too hot.
Tom complimented me.
Tom confessed that he had broken the window.
Tom confessed to killing Mary.
Tom confessed to the murder.
Tom congratulated me on my success.
Tom considered his options carefully.
Tom considered his options for a moment.
Tom considered moving to Boston, but decided against it.
Tom considers himself to be a citizen of the world.
Tom continued staring at the blank screen.
Tom continued to stare at himself in the mirror.
Tom continued working after a short break.
Tom convinced Mary not to marry John.
Tom convinced me that I was wrong.
Tom convinced me that it wasn't his fault.
Tom convinced me that Mary was innocent.
Tom convinced me that Mary was right.
Tom cooked an elaborate meal for Mary and himself.
Tom coughed loudly.
Tom could barely conceal his disgust.
Tom could barely conceal his excitement.
Tom could barely contain his anger.
Tom could barely hide his excitement.
Tom could barely hide his smile.
Tom could be in Boston, I suppose.
Tom could die.
Tom could do nothing but watch.
Tom could go to jail for this.
Tom could go to jail for three years.
Tom could go to prison.
Tom could hardly make himself understood in French.
Tom could hear helicopters overhead.
Tom could never do anything to hurt Mary.
Tom could no longer control himself.
Tom could speak French.
Tom couldn't answer Mary's questions.
Tom couldn't answer their questions.
Tom couldn't come because he was sick.
Tom couldn't concentrate.
Tom couldn't find a job in Boston, so he came back home.
Tom couldn't find a job that he liked.
Tom couldn't find a job.
Tom couldn't find the kind of job he wanted.
Tom couldn't find what I'd hidden.
Tom couldn't get along with his neighbors.
Tom couldn't get the door unlocked.
Tom couldn't get the motor started.
Tom couldn't go on the hike because he wasn't feeling well.
Tom couldn't go swimming because he was sick.
Tom couldn't persuade Mary to leave.
Tom couldn't resist the temptation to kiss Mary.
Tom couldn't resist the temptation.
Tom couldn't sleep because of the heat.
Tom couldn't stand the pain any longer.
Tom couldn't take it any longer.
Tom couldn't take the pain any longer.
Tom couldn't walk any further.
Tom crawled in through a window.
Tom crawled through the dog door.
Tom crawled through the small tunnel.
Tom crawled underneath the bed.
Tom cried out for help.
Tom cycles to work.
Tom decided not to buy it after he looked at the price tag.
Tom decided not to give up.
Tom decided not to go to college.
Tom decided not to go to the meeting.
Tom decided not to go to the party.
Tom decided not to go with us.
Tom decided not to move to Boston.
Tom decided not to press charges.
Tom decided not to say anything else.
Tom decided not to swim.
Tom decided not to wait any longer.
Tom decided the best thing to do was to go to Boston.
Tom decided the best thing was to let Mary go to Boston.
Tom decided to ask Mary to marry him.
Tom decided to give it another try.
Tom decided to give up.
Tom decided to go abroad.
Tom decided to go to Australia.
Tom decided to go with us.
Tom decided to major in French in college.
Tom decided to sell his car.
Tom dedicated his life to helping the poor.
Tom deeply regretted doing what he had done.
Tom definitely drank more than Mary did last night.
Tom definitely had something on his mind.
Tom definitely knows exactly what happened.
Tom definitely needs a shower.
Tom definitely needs to spend more time studying.
Tom deleted his Facebook account.
Tom denied that he was the thief.
Tom denies that he broke the window.
Tom deposited three hundred dollars in his saving account.
Tom described exactly what happened.
Tom described what had happened in detail.
Tom deserved better than that.
Tom deserved what he got.
Tom deserves to be compensated.
Tom deserves to go to jail.
Tom did a pretty good job.
Tom did a very foolish thing.
Tom did all he could to help Mary.
Tom did all he could to help.
Tom did all he could to protect Mary.
Tom did as he said he would do.
Tom did as I told him.
Tom did badly at school.
Tom did everything he could for Mary.
Tom did everything he could to help Mary.
Tom did it as quickly as he could.
Tom did it for his family.
Tom did it right away.
Tom did it the way I told him to.
Tom did nothing but complain about his job.
Tom did nothing but lie in bed all day.
Tom did nothing but watch TV all day long.
Tom did poorly on the test.
Tom did something he immediately regretted doing.
Tom did something he wished he hadn't.
Tom did something stupid.
Tom did the work by himself.
Tom did the work on his own.
Tom did well on the exam.
Tom did what he could for his family.
Tom did what he could in the short amount of time he had.
Tom did what he could to help.
Tom did what he had been told.
Tom did what he promised me he'd do.
Tom did what he said he would do.
Tom did what I asked right away.
Tom didn't accept my apology.
Tom didn't actually do what he said he did.
Tom didn't actually see the accident.
Tom didn't actually see what happened.
Tom didn't agree with me.
Tom didn't allow me to pay for dinner.
Tom didn't answer my question.
Tom didn't answer the phone.
Tom didn't approve of the way Mary dressed.
Tom didn't arrive until the party was over.
Tom didn't attend class today.
Tom didn't attend the meeting.
Tom didn't attend yesterday's meeting.
Tom didn't begin to write songs until he was thirty.
Tom didn't believe it at first.
Tom didn't believe that Mary had anything to do with the theft.
Tom didn't buy it after all.
Tom didn't come back home last night.
Tom didn't come back until 2:30.
Tom didn't come on time.
Tom didn't come right out and say so, but he implied that I wasn't telling the truth.
Tom didn't come to the party last night.
Tom didn't dare say anything.
Tom didn't decide to become a writer until he was thirty.
Tom didn't die of cancer.
Tom didn't disappoint me.
Tom didn't do any work.
Tom didn't do that intentionally.
Tom didn't do what he said he did.
Tom didn't do what I asked.
Tom didn't drink any beer.
Tom didn't eat breakfast this morning.
Tom didn't even look at the letter Mary wrote to him.
Tom didn't explain it well enough for me to understand.
Tom didn't find what I hid.
Tom didn't fulfill his obligations.
Tom didn't get paid for all the work he did.
Tom didn't get the joke at all.
Tom didn't get the joke.
Tom didn't get up as early as he usually does.
Tom didn't get up early this morning.
Tom didn't give me any advice.
Tom didn't give me anything for Christmas.
Tom didn't give me anything to eat.
Tom didn't give me time to think.
Tom didn't give me what I asked for.
Tom didn't give up on his plan.
Tom didn't go for the idea.
Tom didn't go home last night.
Tom didn't go to class.
Tom didn't go, and neither did I.
Tom didn't have anyone to play with.
Tom didn't have as much trouble falling asleep as he thought he would.
Tom didn't have as much trouble finding a job as he thought he would.
Tom didn't have as much trouble getting a loan as he thought he would.
Tom didn't have enough money to buy everything he needed.
Tom didn't have enough money to buy Mary a present.
Tom didn't have enough money to buy the guitar he wanted, so he bought a cheaper one.
Tom didn't have time to spend with his children.
Tom didn't hear his name being called.
Tom didn't keep his appointment.
Tom didn't know how many of his students needed help.
Tom didn't know how to ask Mary to leave without hurting her feelings.
Tom didn't know how to cope with the problem.
Tom didn't know how to solve this problem.
Tom didn't know if he could do it or not.
Tom didn't know Mary was dating John.
Tom didn't know what everyone else knew.
Tom didn't know what he should do.
Tom didn't know what Mary was planning.
Tom didn't know what Mary was thinking.
Tom didn't know what needed to be done.
Tom didn't know what time he was supposed to be there.
Tom didn't know what to buy.
Tom didn't know what to say, so he didn't say anything.
Tom didn't know where he should go.
Tom didn't know where to go.
Tom didn't like being separated from his wife and children.
Tom didn't like Mary at first.
Tom didn't like to ask for help.
Tom didn't live up to everybody's expectations.
Tom didn't look angry.
Tom didn't look tired.
Tom didn't notice any change.
Tom didn't notice the surveillance camera.
Tom didn't offer me anything to drink.
Tom didn't pass today's exam.
Tom didn't pay attention to what Mary said.
Tom didn't press Mary for an explanation.
Tom didn't protest.
Tom didn't realize his nose was bleeding.
Tom didn't realize his socks didn't match.
Tom didn't realize Mary was serious.
Tom didn't realize Mary was so tired.
Tom didn't realize Mary was tired.
Tom didn't realize Mary was unhappy.
Tom didn't realize that he had made a mistake.
Tom didn't realize what was happening.
Tom didn't realize where the money had come from.
Tom didn't realize who the prisoner was.
Tom didn't really do what he said he did.
Tom didn't really go to school today.
Tom didn't really like Mary all that much.
Tom didn't recognize anyone in the photo.
Tom didn't recognize Mary's voice.
Tom didn't recognize the truck driver.
Tom didn't reply to any of Mary's letter.
Tom didn't report the accident.
Tom didn't return home until after midnight.
Tom didn't reveal his real identity to anyone.
Tom didn't say a single word.
Tom didn't say a word about it.
Tom didn't say a word all afternoon.
Tom didn't say a word to us.
Tom didn't say so.
Tom didn't say what he was planning to do.
Tom didn't say what time he'd be home.
Tom didn't say when he would return.
Tom didn't say where he wanted to go.
Tom didn't say who he was planning to meet.
Tom didn't say who he'd given his keys to.
Tom didn't say why he was late.
Tom didn't say why he wasn't happy with our work.
Tom didn't see anyone else in the park.
Tom didn't see anyone in the library.
Tom didn't see the accident.
Tom didn't seem sure of his answers.
Tom didn't seem to understand what you said.
Tom didn't show up at the party last night.
Tom didn't sleep a wink.
Tom didn't speak at all.
Tom didn't speak to me at all.
Tom didn't start to write songs until he was thirty.
Tom didn't study at all last summer.
Tom didn't take a bath last night.
Tom didn't take an umbrella with him.
Tom didn't tell me what the matter was.
Tom didn't tell me what time I should come tomorrow.
Tom didn't tell the truth.
Tom didn't turn up after all.
Tom didn't understand the joke.
Tom didn't want any cake.
Tom didn't want Mary to move to Boston.
Tom didn't want Mary to see John anymore.
Tom didn't want Mary to swim by herself.
Tom didn't want to antagonize Mary.
Tom didn't want to be punished.
Tom didn't want to call attention to himself.
Tom didn't want to disappoint his father.
Tom didn't want to do that, but he felt he had no choice.
Tom didn't want to go there by himself.
Tom didn't want to sell his car, but he had no choice.
Tom didn't want to sing, but Mary made him sing.
Tom didn't want to talk about it anymore.
Tom didn't want to think about it anymore.
Tom didn't want to think about it.
Tom didn't win the prize.
Tom didn't work on Monday night.
Tom died after a long illness.
Tom died before the ambulance arrived.
Tom died in bed.
Tom died three weeks ago in Boston.
Tom died three years ago.
Tom disagreed with Mary about many things.
Tom disobeyed the captain's orders.
Tom disregarded my advice.
Tom ditched the murder weapon.
Tom divorced Mary three years ago.
Tom does as he's told.
Tom does exercises every morning.
Tom doesn't allow his children to drink wine.
Tom doesn't allow his children to eat junk food.
Tom doesn't allow his children to go out after dark.
Tom doesn't allow his children to watch more than one hour of TV a day.
Tom doesn't always come late.
Tom doesn't always do what he's told.
Tom doesn't always understand what's going on.
Tom doesn't anticipate any problems.
Tom doesn't come here every day.
Tom doesn't earn enough money to support a family.
Tom doesn't eat pork, does he?
Tom doesn't eat pork.
Tom doesn't fear death.
Tom doesn't get along with Mary's father.
Tom doesn't get along with most people in the office.
Tom doesn't go to the office on Saturday.
Tom doesn't have a savings account.
Tom doesn't have a ticket.
Tom doesn't have any common sense.
Tom doesn't have any friends he can talk to about this.
Tom doesn't have any friends to play with.
Tom doesn't have any real friends.
Tom doesn't have as many books as Mary does.
Tom doesn't have as many friends as Mary does.
Tom doesn't have as much money as Mary does.
Tom doesn't have enough money to buy a motorized wheelchair.
Tom doesn't have enough money to buy the computer he wants.
Tom doesn't have enough money to pay all his bills.
Tom doesn't have many friends.
Tom doesn't have much money.
Tom doesn't have to do this if he doesn't want to.
Tom doesn't have to do this.
Tom doesn't have to go to school tomorrow.
Tom doesn't have what it takes to make it around here.
Tom doesn't know a lot about Boston.
Tom doesn't know much about Boston.
Tom doesn't let his children watch TV until after they've done their homework.
Tom doesn't like being poor.
Tom doesn't like carrots.
Tom doesn't like cleaning the bathroom.
Tom doesn't like skipping rope.
Tom doesn't like tennis.
Tom doesn't like to ask for help.
Tom doesn't like to see people fighting.
Tom doesn't like to wait until the last minute to do something.
Tom doesn't like us very much.
Tom doesn't like washing windows.
Tom doesn't look happy, does he?
Tom doesn't often listen to music.
Tom doesn't only teach the guitar, he often gives concerts.
Tom doesn't play baseball very often.
Tom doesn't really act like a thirteen-year-old.
Tom doesn't really care if his car is dirty.
Tom doesn't really care whether Mary likes him or not.
Tom doesn't seem to be very happy.
Tom doesn't seem to be very hungry.
Tom doesn't seem to be very nice.
Tom doesn't seem to care about anything.
Tom doesn't usually do stupid things like that.
Tom doesn't watch TV at all.
Tom dove into the water and swam as fast as he could.
Tom drank directly from the wine bottle.
Tom drank out of his coffee mug and read the newspaper.
Tom drank straight from the can.
Tom drifted off to sleep.
Tom drove back to the hospital.
Tom drummed his fingers on the table nervously.
Tom dug through his closet looking for something.
Tom dug through the ashes to see what he could find.
Tom earns $300,a year.
Tom eats rice at least twice a day.
Tom emptied the waste basket.
Tom ended up in the emergency room.
Tom entered the bar and sat on the stool next to Mary.
Tom entered the conference room, carrying a large cardboard box full of documents.
Tom escaped from prison.
Tom exchanged glances with Mary.
Tom exposed Mary as a fraud.
Tom feels passionately about this.
Tom feels very guilty about what happened.
Tom fell asleep on guard duty.
Tom felt a chill go down his back.
Tom felt a chill go up his spine.
Tom felt a little uneasy as he walked down the deserted street in the middle of the night.
Tom felt compelled to say something.
Tom felt compelled to speak.
Tom felt he had no chance to win the race.
Tom felt he owed Mary an explanation.
Tom felt he owed Mary the truth.
Tom felt his way in the dark.
Tom felt obligated to help.
Tom felt obligated to say something.
Tom felt terribly out of place.
Tom felt the urge to confess.
Tom felt tired after working all day.
Tom felt very guilty about what happened.
Tom filled his plate with food.
Tom filled his stainless steel coffee mug with coffee.
Tom filled Mary's wine glass to the rim.
Tom filled the pot with water and put it on the stove.
Tom finally mustered up the courage to ask Mary out.
Tom finally mustered up the courage to ask Mary to lend him the money he needed.
Tom finally mustered up the courage to ask Mary to marry him.
Tom finally mustered up the courage to say what needed to be said.
Tom finally mustered up the courage to tell Mary that he loved her.
Tom finally mustered up the courage to tell Mary the truth.
Tom finally noticed that Mary had a phone up to her ear.
Tom finally noticed that Mary was staring at him.
Tom finished his coffee and left for work.
Tom finished the job in three days.
Tom finished the work without any difficulty.
Tom fired the pistol three times.
Tom folded the map and put it back into the glove compartment.
Tom folded the piece of paper in half.
Tom folded up his umbrella.
Tom folded up the newspaper and put it on his desk.
Tom fooled all of us.
Tom fooled everybody, including me.
Tom forgot to say goodbye to Mary.
Tom forgot to tell Mary what time he'd be there.
Tom forgot to tell me where to meet him.
Tom found a new job.
Tom found an empty pill bottle under the bed.
Tom gambled away everything he had.
Tom gathered his stuff and left.
Tom gave a small nod of appreciation to Mary.
Tom gave Mary a gift certificate on her birthday.
Tom gave Mary a hug and a kiss.
Tom gave Mary a mischievous smile.
Tom gave Mary a passionate kiss.
Tom gave Mary a potted plant.
Tom gave Mary a romantic kiss.
Tom gave Mary a sip of water from his canteen.
Tom gave Mary a threatening look.
Tom gave Mary a thumbs up.
Tom gave Mary a warning look.
Tom gave Mary a weird look.
Tom gave Mary the keys.
Tom gave Mary the thumbs up sign.
Tom gave Mary two thumbs up.
Tom gave the manila envelope to Mary.
Tom gave the rope a tug.
Tom gave us permission to leave.
Tom gave us permission to use his beach house.
Tom gently closed the door.
Tom gently shook Mary awake.
Tom gestured for Mary to go ahead.
Tom gestured for Mary to go inside.
Tom gestured Mary to go ahead.
Tom gets a physical once a year.
Tom gets good grades in school.
Tom gladly accepted Mary's gift.
Tom glanced around the room.
Tom glanced at his watch, and frowned.
Tom glanced at the clock.
Tom glanced at the mirror.
Tom glanced at the rear-view mirror.
Tom glanced out the window again.
Tom glanced out the window.
Tom glanced to his left.
Tom glanced toward the elevators.
Tom glanced up at the ceiling.
Tom goes shopping at least once a week.
Tom goes to work at 8:00.
Tom got a box of cereal out of the cupboard and poured himself a bowlful.
Tom got back home a while ago.
Tom got back home after dark.
Tom got here less than ten minutes ago.
Tom got home after midnight.
Tom got home late last night.
Tom got home three hours after Mary did.
Tom got in his car and followed the ambulance.
Tom got in through the bathroom window.
Tom got injured in a traffic accident.
Tom got into bed and turned off the light.
Tom got into his car and drove away.
Tom got into his car, started the engine, and drove away.
Tom got on the elevator and pressed the button for his floor.
Tom got out of the car on the passenger side.
Tom got up early in the morning and swam.
Tom grabbed a knife, an onion and a chopping board.
Tom grabbed a sugar cookie from the dish on the kitchen table.
Tom grabbed his coat and left.
Tom grabbed his mug and walked into the kitchen to get a refill.
Tom grabbed his rifle and pointed it at Mary.
Tom grabbed Mary by the throat and choked her.
Tom grabbed Mary by the throat and started choking her.
Tom grabbed the gun away from Mary before she could kill herself.
Tom greeted Mary in French.
Tom greeted Mary with a passionate kiss.
Tom grew up in a small town.
Tom groaned in his sleep.
Tom groaned in pain.
Tom groaned loudly.
Tom had a bandage on his forehead.
Tom had a bottle of poison in his briefcase.
Tom had a brain tumor.
Tom had a good reason for being late.
Tom had a good reason for not having his homework done on time.
Tom had a good reason for not paying his rent on time.
Tom had a near death experience last summer.
Tom had a previous engagement.
Tom had a relieved expression on his face.
Tom had a satisfied smile on his face.
Tom had a sore throat.
Tom had his ear pressed to the door, trying to hear what was going on in the next room.
Tom had his leg bandaged by Mary.
Tom had his phone pressed to his ear.
Tom had Mary's undivided attention.
Tom had never realized how attractive Mary was before.
Tom had no choice but to support Mary.
Tom had no desire to argue with Mary.
Tom had no desire to learn French.
Tom had no desire to live in Boston.
Tom had no desire to stay home by himself.
Tom had no idea Mary could do this.
Tom had no idea who you were.
Tom had nothing to do with any of that.
Tom had nothing to do with it.
Tom had nothing to do with Mary's death.
Tom had nothing to do with that.
Tom had nothing to do with this.
Tom had nothing to do with what happened.
Tom had something else on his mind.
Tom had something urgent to do.
Tom had to dig his car out of the snow.
Tom had to do a double shift.
Tom had to do some work.
Tom had to remind Mary to feed the dog.
Tom had to repeat first grade.
Tom had to support himself on the railing.
Tom had trouble concentrating.
Tom had trouble explaining what he wanted.
Tom handed the salt shaker to Mary.
Tom hardly ever relies on other people for help.
Tom hardly ever relies on other people's help.
Tom has a bruise on his face.
Tom has a decision to make.
Tom has a list of people who helped.
Tom has a message for you.
Tom has a skeleton key.
Tom has a skin condition.
Tom has a very quick temper.
Tom has access to the information we need.
Tom has agreed to help us.
Tom has agreed to pay us three hundred dollars.
Tom has already accomplished what he wanted to accomplish.
Tom has already done what he had to do.
Tom has already gotten three threatening phone messages.
Tom has already hired a new lawyer.
Tom has already memorized the poem his teacher told him to memorize.
Tom has assisted us on a number of occasions.
Tom has attempted to escape at least three times.
Tom has become a Canadian citizen.
Tom has become accustomed to living in Boston.
Tom has been behaving a little strange.
Tom has been behaving like a baby.
Tom has been behaving like a child.
Tom has been coughing up blood.
Tom has been experiencing severe headaches and dizziness.
Tom has been ignoring me.
Tom has been pretending to be me.
Tom has been studying French.
Tom has been urging me to join the army.
Tom has been waiting patiently in the lobby for three hours.
Tom has been writing a book.
Tom has begun studying French.
Tom has begun to look for a new job.
Tom has come all the way from Boston to be with us today.
Tom has contributed a lot of money to charity.
Tom has decided not to go with us.
Tom has decided not to move to Boston.
Tom has decided not to swim.
Tom has explained the problem to Mary.
Tom has explained the situation to Mary.
Tom has gained thirteen pounds.
Tom has gotten himself into trouble before.
Tom has gotten used to Mary's nagging.
Tom has grown accustomed to Mary's nagging.
Tom has had about all he can take.
Tom has had good role models.
Tom has had one lung removed.
Tom has had plenty already.
Tom has had plenty to drink already.
Tom has had several large glasses of wine and has gotten a little drunk.
Tom has helped a lot of people quit smoking.
Tom has just died.
Tom has lived in Boston for most of his adult life.
Tom has missed three deadlines in a row.
Tom has never exhibited any violent tendencies.
Tom has never ridden a horse.
Tom has never trusted me.
Tom has no choice but to do what Mary asks.
Tom has no choice but to obey orders.
Tom has no choice but to trust us.
Tom has no comment at this time.
Tom has no idea how lucky he is.
Tom has no idea where Mary hid his keys.
Tom has no idea who Mary is.
Tom has no idea why Mary hates him.
Tom has no prior criminal record.
Tom has nothing to do with it.
Tom has nothing to do with this.
Tom has only one option left.
Tom has pressed charges against you.
Tom has probably already finished his homework.
Tom has probably figured out by now that Mary is John's girlfriend.
Tom has probably never had a girlfriend.
Tom has probably never had a good idea in his whole life.
Tom has recommended you for the job.
Tom has run away from home.
Tom has several suggestions.
Tom has shaved off his mustache.
Tom has solved the puzzle.
Tom has some amazing stories.
Tom has started ignoring me again.
Tom has threatened to kill me.
Tom has three extra tickets he wants to sell.
Tom has three tickets in his hand.
Tom has three uncles in Boston.
Tom has to do it.
Tom has to do something.
Tom has to go to a hospital.
Tom has to go to rehab.
Tom has unlocked the door.
Tom has wavy brown hair and blue eyes.
Tom hasn't complained of any discomfort.
Tom hasn't done what we asked him to do.
Tom hasn't eaten yet, has he?
Tom hasn't met Mary's parents yet.
Tom hasn't ordered dinner yet.
Tom hasn't paid this month's rent yet.
Tom hasn't spoken to me for several days.
Tom hasn't taken a bath in a week.
Tom hasn't yet been informed of our decision.
Tom heard sirens approaching and ran off.
Tom heard someone approaching.
Tom heard the guard approaching.
Tom held a small flashlight in his left hand.
Tom held his cup out for Mary to refill it.
Tom held Mary tightly in his arms.
Tom held out his mug and Mary refilled it.
Tom held the baby in his arms.
Tom held up his wine glass for a toast.
Tom held up the bottle to see how much wine was left.
Tom helped Mary make dinner.
Tom helped Mary wash the windows.
Tom hesitated a moment before answering.
Tom hesitated a moment before speaking.
Tom hesitated to tell Mary the truth.
Tom hired an assistant.
Tom hired himself an assistant.
Tom hit the pause button.
Tom holstered his gun.
Tom honked the car's horn several times.
Tom honked the horn and leaned out the window.
Tom hoped the train would be on time.
Tom hopes to extend his stay in Boston.
Tom hugged Mary and gave her a little kiss on the cheek.
Tom hugged Mary and gave her a long, passionate kiss.
Tom hurried down the stairs with his suitcase.
Tom ignored Mary's email messages.
Tom injured his knee and can't go swimming today.
Tom inspired us to work harder.
Tom instantly recognized Mary's voice.
Tom instantly regretted what he said.
Tom interrupted Mary before she could finish.
Tom invited you to dinner.
Tom is a beach bum.
Tom is a better French speaker than Mary.
Tom is a better swimmer than Mary.
Tom is a brilliant diagnostician.
Tom is a chemistry professor.
Tom is a cute kid.
Tom is a decorated war hero.
Tom is a dental student.
Tom is a drug addict.
Tom is a fantastic singer.
Tom is a financial analyst.
Tom is a fitness expert.
Tom is a great guy.
Tom is a handsome man, apparently in his thirties.
Tom is a highly-respected community leader.
Tom is a hypochondriac.
Tom is a mechanical genius.
Tom is a medical intern.
Tom is a member of my crew.
Tom is a messy person.
Tom is a natural leader.
Tom is a professional gambler.
Tom is a professor at Harvard.
Tom is a reasonable guy.
Tom is a reasonable person.
Tom is a remarkable person.
Tom is a remarkable young man.
Tom is a respected businessman.
Tom is a retired dentist.
Tom is a retired detective.
Tom is a retired doctor.
Tom is a risk taker.
Tom is a security officer.
Tom is a security specialist.
Tom is a slightly overweight man.
Tom is a social worker.
Tom is a stubborn guy.
Tom is a successful dermatologist.
Tom is a systems engineer.
Tom is a total idiot.
Tom is a tough negotiator.
Tom is a valuable client.
Tom is a very dedicated student.
Tom is a very successful businessman.
Tom is a very talented photographer.
Tom is a very talented writer.
Tom is a very tough teacher.
Tom is a weird guy.
Tom is almost never willing to do anything we ask him to do.
Tom is already duly impressed.
Tom is always itching for a fight.
Tom is always throwing his weight around.
Tom is an excellent lawyer.
Tom is an expert on animal behavior.
Tom is an expert on the subject.
Tom is an extraordinary person.
Tom is an insurance salesman.
Tom is an international jewel thief.
Tom is an investigative journalist.
Tom is an investigative reporter.
Tom is an old and trusted friend.
Tom is an unemployed security guard.
Tom is angry because Mary borrowed his laptop without asking.
Tom is annoyed with Mary.
Tom is anxious to leave.
Tom is apparently guilty of falsifying records.
Tom is as impatient as ever.
Tom is as stubborn as Mary.
Tom is ashamed of me.
Tom is asleep in his bed.
Tom is becoming accustomed to living in Boston.
Tom is beginning to irritate me.
Tom is better at speaking French than Mary is.
Tom is bothered by that.
Tom is choking to death.
Tom is clearly bothered by something.
Tom is clearly unhappy to be here.
Tom is clearly unhappy.
Tom is concentrating on the chess game.
Tom is considered very reliable.
Tom is currently living in Boston.
Tom is currently not living here.
Tom is currently not working here.
Tom is definitely happy now.
Tom is definitely having problems.
Tom is definitely not from this neighborhood.
Tom is definitely not in a joking mood today.
Tom is definitely not in Boston anymore.
Tom is definitely the person who should be doing this instead of me.
Tom is definitely uncomfortable now.
Tom is definitely upset.
Tom is disappointed to say the least.
Tom is driving a rental car.
Tom is due to arrive in three hours.
Tom is dumb, but not that dumb.
Tom is eating french fries out of a bag.
Tom is engaged to be married.
Tom is facing up to thirty years in prison.
Tom is far more experienced than I am.
Tom is far more experienced than me.
Tom is feeding the baby.
Tom is filing for divorce.
Tom is folding his laundry.
Tom is getting better at speaking French.
Tom is glad you're here.
Tom is having a panic attack.
Tom is heating up a burrito in the microwave.
Tom is heating up a piece of yesterday's pizza in the microwave.
Tom is here to assist us.
Tom is here to deliver a message.
Tom is here to help us.
Tom is hooked up to a respirator.
Tom is hooked up to monitors.
Tom is hooked up to the machine.
Tom is hotheaded.
Tom is in a mental institution.
Tom is in a mischievous mood.
Tom is in a ton of trouble.
Tom is in desperate need of medical care.
Tom is in desperate need of some help.
Tom is in enormous pain.
Tom is in excellent shape.
Tom is in his room studying French.
Tom is in horrible danger.
Tom is in horrible shape.
Tom is in my computer class.
Tom is in no apparent pain.
Tom is in plenty of danger already.
Tom is in reasonably good health.
Tom is in satisfactory health.
Tom is in severe pain.
Tom is in surgery now.
Tom is in terrible shape.
Tom is in the garden, pulling weeds.
Tom is in the hospital, recovering from a drug overdose.
Tom is in the next room, explaining what happened.
Tom is in the other room, unpacking boxes.
Tom is in the swimming pool.
Tom is in the witness box.
Tom is in the witness chair.
Tom is incredibly brilliant.
Tom is indisposed at the moment.
Tom is installing new software.
Tom is irritated by Mary's constant yelling.
Tom is itching for a fight.
Tom is itching to leave.
Tom is just being himself.
Tom is just being modest.
Tom is like a son to me.
Tom is like my brother.
Tom is like one of the family.
Tom is looking for the first aid kit.
Tom is married, but he doesn't wear a wedding ring.
Tom is mentally handicapped.
Tom is more experienced than I am.
Tom is more experienced than me.
Tom is more scared of Mary than she is of him.
Tom is more than willing to help.
Tom is much more experienced than I am.
Tom is much more experienced than me.
Tom is my boss at work.
Tom is my personal assistant.
Tom is my son's best friend.
Tom is nibbling on a carrot stick.
Tom is no longer a student.
Tom is no longer a teacher.
Tom is no more suspicious than anybody else.
Tom is not a rational guy.
Tom is not that different from us.
Tom isn't the one you should be worried about.
Tom is not who he says he is.
Tom is nothing like me.
Tom is now totally confused.
Tom is obviously attracted to Mary.
Tom is obviously disappointed that Mary isn't here.
Tom is obviously enjoying himself.
Tom is obviously frightened.
Tom is obviously scared.
Tom is obviously tired of his job.
Tom is obviously uncomfortable.
Tom is obviously very busy.
Tom is obviously worried about something.
Tom is old, but he's young at heart.
Tom is on medical leave.
Tom is on the witness stand.
Tom is on vacation in Australia.
Tom is one hundred percent wrong.
Tom is one of our research assistants.
Tom is one of the most respected men in our town.
Tom is one of the wealthiest men in the country.
Tom is only in town for a few days.
Tom is our prime suspect.
Tom is part of a large family.
Tom is playing chess with Mary.
Tom is playing darts with Mary.
Tom is probably a little tired.
Tom is probably a little upset.
Tom is probably able to speak French by now.
Tom is probably at home now.
Tom is probably at the gym.
Tom is probably helping Mary right now.
Tom is probably in bed and asleep.
Tom is probably in his room.
Tom is probably in the building.
Tom is probably in the kitchen.
Tom is probably jealous.
Tom is probably jogging now.
Tom is probably just jealous.
Tom is probably just outside the front door.
Tom is probably Mary's closest friend.
Tom is probably more interested in Mary than in you.
Tom is probably more interested in Mary than you are.
Tom is probably more scared than Mary is.
Tom is probably OK with it.
Tom is probably on a plane.
Tom is probably out drinking with some of his friends.
Tom is probably out with Mary.
Tom is probably perfectly fine.
Tom is probably swimming now.
Tom is probably the oldest person in the office.
Tom is probably the one who broke the window.
Tom is probably the one who scared Mary away.
Tom is probably the one who stole Mary's necklace.
Tom is probably the only one around here who can speak French.
Tom is probably the only one around here who knows how to play the cello.
Tom is probably tired.
Tom is probably up in his room.
Tom is probably with Mary.
Tom is proud of himself.
Tom is ready to go home now.
Tom is ready to go out.
Tom is really quite a remarkable person.
Tom is recovering from his injuries.
Tom is recovering from his wounds.
Tom is relaxing on his bunk.
Tom is relying on us.
Tom is responsible for what happened to Mary.
Tom is satisfied with the result.
Tom is scared of the dark.
Tom is scared out of his mind.
Tom is scared to death.
Tom is scheduled to be executed.
Tom is seriously considering that.
Tom is shy around strangers.
Tom is sick in bed today.
Tom is smarter than he looks.
Tom is spying on us.
Tom is staring at something.
Tom is staring at us.
Tom is starting to get dinner ready.
Tom is starting to relax a little.
Tom is starving to death.
Tom is still a child.
Tom is still a teacher.
Tom is still a teenager.
Tom is still angry at Mary.
Tom is still busy.
Tom is still hungry.
Tom is still in Australia.
Tom is still looking for his locker key.
Tom is still not very good at French.
Tom is still sleepy.
Tom is sucking his thumb.
Tom is suffering from severe abdominal pain.
Tom is swimming laps.
Tom is teaching himself to play the piano.
Tom is texting Mary.
Tom is the artistic type.
Tom is the district sales manager for a software company.
Tom is the guest of honor.
Tom is the guy who helped us escape.
Tom is the meanest kid in school.
Tom is the most popular kid in the class.
Tom is the most talented artist in our class.
Tom is the new assistant coach.
Tom is the newest member of our team.
Tom is the one responsible for this.
Tom is the one who cleaned the garage.
Tom is the one who deserves the promotion.
Tom is the one who deserves to be promoted.
Tom is the one who killed Mary.
Tom is the one who mows our lawn.
Tom is the one who mugged you.
Tom is the one who painted our garage.
Tom is the one who recommended Mary for the job.
Tom is the one who should be apologizing.
Tom is the one who started the fight.
Tom is the one who started the fire.
Tom is the one who taught me French.
Tom is the one who wanted to get here early.
Tom is the one who was here yesterday.
Tom is the one you should be afraid of.
Tom is the one you should be worried about.
Tom is the only Canadian I know.
Tom is the only one here who can dance.
Tom is the only one here who can play the guitar.
Tom is the only one here who can speak French.
Tom is the only one I know that can speak French.
Tom is the only one I know who has been to Boston.
Tom is the only one in our family who can swim.
Tom is the only one in our family who has ever been to Boston.
Tom is the only one in our family who is any good at cooking.
Tom is the only one in our family who knows how to speak French.
Tom is the only one in our family who likes to swim.
Tom is the only one likely to be able to do that.
Tom is the only one we can rely on.
Tom is the only one we can trust.
Tom is the only one who can do it.
Tom is the only one who can explain what happened.
Tom is the only one who can help us today.
Tom is the only one who doesn't have a computer.
Tom is the only one who ever really got along with Mary.
Tom is the only one who ever really helped me.
Tom is the only one who ever really knew me.
Tom is the only one who ever really liked me.
Tom is the only one who ever really talked to me.
Tom is the only one who ever really understood me.
Tom is the only one who knows how anything works.
Tom is the only one who knows what to do.
Tom is the only one who knows what we have to do.
Tom is the only one who knows when we need to be there.
Tom is the only one who knows where Mary is.
Tom is the only one who knows why Mary isn't here.
Tom is the only one who remained awake all night.
Tom is the only one who seems to be able to talk to Mary.
Tom is the only one who seems to know where Mary lives.
Tom is the only one who understands this.
Tom is the only one who would know the answer to that question.
Tom is the only person Mary really trusts.
Tom is the only person there right now.
Tom is the only professional musician I know.
Tom is the only trumpet player I know.
Tom is the person responsible for everything that happened.
Tom is the person who hit Mary.
Tom is the person who killed Mary.
Tom is the person who taught Mary French.
Tom is tired of all your complaining.
Tom is to blame for all of this.
Tom is totally at ease.
Tom is totally in love with Mary.
Tom is tougher than he looks.
Tom is uncertain what he should do.
Tom is unfit for duty.
Tom is unusually quiet today.
Tom is unusually talkative tonight.
Tom is upset because Mary has been ignoring him.
Tom is very charming when he smiles.
Tom is very generous.
Tom is very impressed with you.
Tom is very inconsiderate.
Tom is very jealous of you.
Tom is very mature for his age.
Tom is very overweight.
Tom is very protective of Mary.
Tom is very proud of himself.
Tom is very sensitive to other people's moods.
Tom is very unreliable.
Tom is wasting his talents.
Tom is waving his arms.
Tom is wearing a different hat than he was yesterday.
Tom is wearing a faded blue shirt.
Tom is whispering something to Mary.
Tom is willing to cooperate.
Tom is willing to go.
Tom is willing to help.
Tom is willing to lend us three thousand dollars.
Tom is willing to negotiate.
Tom is willing to sacrifice everything for you.
Tom is willing to testify.
Tom is willing to work on Sunday.
Tom is yanking your chain.
Tom is younger than he looks.
Tom isn't a child anymore.
Tom isn't a speech therapist.
Tom isn't a teacher anymore.
Tom isn't a teenager anymore.
Tom isn't allowed to go out by himself.
Tom isn't any busier than anybody else.
Tom isn't due here till 2:30.
Tom isn't fond of nicknames.
Tom isn't in a good mood right now.
Tom isn't like his brother.
Tom isn't like people say he is.
Tom isn't normally a violent person.
Tom isn't ready to do that.
Tom isn't ready to leave yet.
Tom isn't responsible for anything.
Tom isn't scared of snakes.
Tom isn't scared of spiders.
Tom isn't the kind of person who hides things from his parents.
Tom isn't the kind of person who says one thing but does another.
Tom isn't up yet. He usually stays in bed until 7:30.
Tom just got home a few minutes ago.
Tom keeps a rabbit's foot as a good-luck charm.
Tom keeps an eagle feather as a good-luck charm.
Tom kept his rifle aimed straight at Mary.
Tom kept staring out the window.
Tom kick-started his motorcycle.
Tom kicked off his sneakers.
Tom kicked the locker room door shut.
Tom killed the engine, but left the headlights on.
Tom kissed his kids goodbye.
Tom kissed Mary and they hugged each other.
Tom kissed Mary lightly on the lips.
Tom kissed Mary romantically.
Tom knelt down and lifted up the floorboard.
Tom knelt down and picked up the pieces of the broken glass.
Tom knelt down for a better look.
Tom knew Mary had kissed John.
Tom knew Mary had threatened John.
Tom knew of the risks beforehand.
Tom knew precisely how Mary felt.
Tom knew something strange was going on.
Tom knew the risks when he volunteered.
Tom knocked lightly on Mary's door.
Tom knocked on the door, but there was no answer.
Tom knocked on the lavatory door.
Tom knows better than to lie to me.
Tom knows better than to try to trick me.
Tom knows exactly what happened.
Tom knows exactly what this is all about.
Tom knows he has to do it.
Tom knows he's a terrible dancer.
Tom knows he's not very good at speaking French.
Tom knows how to do that.
Tom knows more about economics than most people do.
Tom knows precisely how Mary feels.
Tom knows precisely what he's doing.
Tom knows who broke the window.
Tom knows who it was who painted graffiti on your garage door.
Tom knows who stole your car.
Tom laid the baby down on a blanket.
Tom laughed before he realized Mary wasn't joking.
Tom lay awake in bed.
Tom lay bleeding on the floor.
Tom lay in bed staring up at the ceiling.
Tom lay motionless on the ground.
Tom lay on the couch, staring blankly at the ceiling.
Tom lay on the floor and stared at the ceiling fan.
Tom leaned across the table and kissed Mary.
Tom leaned against one wall and stared blankly at the opposite wall.
Tom leaned down and kissed his daughter on the forehead.
Tom leaned down and kissed his son good night.
Tom leaned down to kiss Mary.
Tom leaned forward and gave Mary a kiss on the cheek.
Tom leaned forward and tapped the cab driver on the shoulder.
Tom leaned his cane against the chair.
Tom leaned in and gave Mary a kiss on the cheek.
Tom leaned in and gave Mary a passionate kiss on the mouth.
Tom leaned in and kissed Mary's cheek.
Tom leaned in close so he could hear better.
Tom leaned out the window and waved his hand.
Tom leaned out the window of his car and pressed the button on the intercom at the gate.
Tom leaned over and opened the passenger-side door.
Tom leaned toward Mary and whispered something.
Tom left for Australia.
Tom let go of Mary's wrists.
Tom let go of the rope.
Tom lied about being able to speak French.
Tom lied about being in Boston.
Tom lied about his weight.
Tom lifted up his shirt and exposed his belly.
Tom likes reading detective novels.
Tom likes to tease Mary.
Tom limps slightly.
Tom lit the candle and then stared at its flame.
Tom lives on a houseboat.
Tom lives on the other side of the hill.
Tom lives on the other side of town.
Tom locked himself in his bedroom.
Tom locked the door so only he and others with keys can get into the room.
Tom locked the drawer and put the key his pocket.
Tom looked at Mary in disbelief.
Tom looks a little groggy.
Tom looks a little sleepy.
Tom looks a little upset.
Tom loosened his tie and removed his glasses.
Tom loosened his tie and unbuttoned his top shirt button.
Tom loves architecture more than anything else in the world.
Tom loves art more than anything else in the world.
Tom loves music more than anything else in the world.
Tom loves playing the piano.
Tom marked a sentence with a yellow highlighter.
Tom married a woman half his age.
Tom massages his temples with his fingers.
Tom may do whatever he likes with the money I gave him.
Tom mentioned that several times.
Tom mentioned that you'd be here today.
Tom mentioned that you'd like to go with us.
Tom mentioned your name, too.
Tom might be able to do better if we gave him more time.
Tom might be able to help.
Tom might be able to persuade the others to help us.
Tom might be seriously injured.
Tom might go with you.
Tom might want to consider asking Mary for advice.
Tom might want to consider buying what he needs from us.
Tom might want to consider giving Mary the loan she asked for.
Tom might want to consider not going to work today.
Tom might want to consider purchasing a new answering machine.
Tom might want to consider staying at home today.
Tom missed the bus.
Tom motioned for Mary to answer.
Tom motioned for Mary to enter.
Tom motioned for Mary to follow.
Tom motioned for Mary to leave.
Tom motioned for Mary to sit.
Tom motioned Mary to sit.
Tom motioned Mary to stay.
Tom motioned me to follow him.
Tom motioned them to be seated.
Tom motioned to the door.
Tom motioned up the street.
Tom must be proud of you.
Tom must conserve his strength.
Tom must've drugged me.
Tom must really like Mary.
Tom must really like me.
Tom must weigh over pounds.
Tom named his son John.
Tom needs a male role model.
Tom needs all the practice he can get.
Tom needs proper medical attention.
Tom needs proper medical treatment.
Tom needs some adult supervision.
Tom needs to be hospitalized.
Tom needs to be medicated.
Tom needs to regain his strength.
Tom needs to spend more time studying.
Tom needs to take better care of himself.
Tom nervously approached the door.
Tom nervously got to his feet.
Tom nervously shuffled his feet.
Tom never does anything the easy way.
Tom never forgave himself for hurting Mary the way he did.
Tom never forgave himself for that.
Tom never forgot to say thank you.
Tom never graduated from high school.
Tom never intended to hurt Mary.
Tom never mentioned you once.
Tom never mentioned your name.
Tom never realized there were so many women working at his company.
Tom never returned my calls.
Tom never said he wanted to go with us.
Tom never said he wanted to participate.
Tom never stays anywhere longer than three days.
Tom never told me he was having suicidal thoughts.
Tom never wanted to do anything we asked him to do.
Tom never wanted to go there in the first place.
Tom never wanted to let go of Mary's hand.
Tom never wanted to live in Boston.
Tom never wanted to study French.
Tom never wrote me back.
Tom nodded slightly to Mary.
Tom noticed blood on the carpet.
Tom noticed Mary staring at him.
Tom noticed Mary was a few inches shorter than he was.
Tom noticed Mary's bandaged wrists.
Tom noticed Mary's bracelet on her desk and wondered why she wasn't wearing it.
Tom noticed something out of the ordinary in the alley.
Tom noticed that all the other boys were wearing neckties.
Tom noticed that Mary was sitting in his seat.
Tom noticed that Mary was staring at him from across the room.
Tom noticed that Mary was wearing a wedding ring.
Tom noticed that not all the kids were paying attention.
Tom now lives in a retirement home.
Tom now realizes he said the wrong thing.
Tom now realizes that he should have let Mary have her own way.
Tom obviously feels very passionate about this.
Tom obviously has severe mental problems.
Tom obviously is very angry.
Tom obviously knows that Mary likes him.
Tom obviously knows what to do.
Tom obviously needs our help.
Tom obviously wants some privacy.
Tom obviously wants to kiss you.
Tom obviously wants to leave.
Tom offered glasses of wine to John and Mary.
Tom offered Mary a French fry and she took one.
Tom offered Mary a glass of wine.
Tom offered Mary a slice of cake.
Tom offered to help the old lady carry her groceries out to her car.
Tom offered to help the old lady cross the street.
Tom offered to help the old lady.
Tom often blames others for his own failures.
Tom often borrows money from me.
Tom often cries when he's drunk.
Tom often invites himself for dinner.
Tom often leaves the lights on all night.
Tom often quarrels with his wife.
Tom often quarrels with Mary.
Tom often sings in the shower.
Tom often skips classes.
Tom often skips school.
Tom often starts his day with a swim.
Tom often stays up late at night.
Tom often talks to himself when he's alone.
Tom often tells jokes.
Tom often wears jeans and a leather jacket.
Tom often wears sunglasses.
Tom oiled his bicycle chain.
Tom oiled my roller skates for me.
Tom only has one faded photograph of grandfather.
Tom opened a desk drawer and pulled out a flask.
Tom opened his beer and took a sip.
Tom opened his desk drawer, pulled a gun out, and aimed it at Mary.
Tom opened his wallet and pulled out his driver's license.
Tom opened the bottle of rum and poured some into a glass.
Tom opened the cabinet drawer and pulled out a folder.
Tom opened the conference room door.
Tom opened the curtains slightly and looked outside.
Tom opened the door and went inside.
Tom opened the door to the conference room.
Tom opened the envelope, pulled out the letter and unfolded it.
Tom opened the freezer and took out a container of ice cream.
Tom opened the front door and greeted Mary.
Tom opened the gate for Mary.
Tom opened the glove compartment and took out a pair of sunglasses.
Tom opened the glove compartment and noticed the registration was missing.
Tom opened the glove compartment and took out his registration.
Tom opened the medicine cabinet and took out the toothpaste and his toothbrush.
Tom opened the medicine cabinet to see what was there.
Tom opened the medicine cabinet, looking for aspirin.
Tom opened the picnic basket and grabbed a ham and cheese sandwich.
Tom opened the refrigerator and reached for a can of beer.
Tom opened the screen door.
Tom opened the sliding door.
Tom opened the small box and emptied the contents on the table.
Tom ought to be here by now.
Tom ought to be here.
Tom overheard John and Mary's conversation.
Tom owes us a favor.
Tom owes us an explanation.
Tom owes you his life.
Tom owns a small advertising company.
Tom owns a sporting goods store.
Tom pat his dog on the head.
Tom pat his son on the back.
Tom patiently tried to explain the situation to Mary.
Tom paused at the door.
Tom paused for a few seconds.
Tom paused for a moment.
Tom paused for dramatic effect.
Tom paused for several moments.
Tom paused in the doorway.
Tom paused there for a second.
Tom peeked into the box to see what was in it.
Tom peeked into the kitchen through the screen door.
Tom performed a magic trick.
Tom persuaded Mary to confess.
Tom persuaded Mary to go swimming with him.
Tom persuaded Mary to sell her motorcycle.
Tom persuaded Mary to try bungee jumping.
Tom picked a needle up off the floor.
Tom picked up a rock and threw it at Mary.
Tom picked up his box of stuff and left.
Tom picked up his glass and took a sip of water.
Tom picked up his stuff and walked out the door.
Tom picked up Mary's jewelry box and opened it.
Tom picked up the baby and she immediately stopped crying.
Tom picked up the ball and then threw it up in the air.
Tom picked up the bottle and poured himself a drink.
Tom picked up the can of gasoline and started walking back to his car.
Tom picked up the coffee pot and poured himself a cup.
Tom picked up the helmet and put it on.
Tom picked up the menu and looked at it.
Tom picked up the phone and started to dial.
Tom picked up the pot of coffee and refilled his and Mary's cups.
Tom picked up the telephone receiver and put it to his ear.
Tom picked up the towel and folded it.
Tom plans to go to Boston as soon as he can after his summer vacation begins.
Tom plans to swim as soon as he finishes his homework.
Tom playfully punched Mary's arm.
Tom pointed at something across the street.
Tom pointed up at the ceiling.
Tom poured a cup of coffee and offered it to Mary.
Tom poured a glass of orange juice from the pitcher.
Tom poured another glass of wine for himself.
Tom poured drinks for himself and Mary.
Tom poured himself a cup of coffee.
Tom poured himself a drink into a glass from a flask that he took out of his coat pocket.
Tom poured himself a tall glass of milk.
Tom poured himself another cup of coffee.
Tom poured himself another glass of wine from the bottle.
Tom poured himself another glass of wine.
Tom poured himself another shot of bourbon.
Tom poured himself cup of herbal tea.
Tom poured himself some water.
Tom poured himself something to drink.
Tom poured Mary a drink and handed it to her.
Tom poured Mary a glass of red wine and then one for himself.
Tom poured Mary a snifter full of brandy.
Tom poured more wine into his glass.
Tom poured out a couple of pills from the medicine bottle and popped them into his mouth.
Tom poured some beer into a dish and put it on the floor for his dog.
Tom poured some boiling water into a cup.
Tom poured some cough medicine into a tablespoon.
Tom poured some milk into a saucer for his cat.
Tom poured some more wine into his glass.
Tom poured the contents of his glass into the sink.
Tom poured the remaining beer into the sink.
Tom poured the soup into a large tin cup.
Tom poured the water out of the glass.
Tom poured three glasses of wine, two for his guests and one for himself.
Tom poured wine into a plastic cup and handed it to Mary.
Tom poured wine into three glasses.
Tom poured wine into three long-stemmed glasses.
Tom pours himself a glass of orange juice.
Tom prayed that Mary would forgive him.
Tom pressed a button on the speakerphone.
Tom pressed a hidden button.
Tom pressed the pause button.
Tom pressed the wrong button.
Tom pretended he knew nothing about it.
Tom pretended not to notice.
Tom pretended that he didn't know Mary was rich.
Tom pretended to be a homeless person.
Tom probably already knows that Mary is here.
Tom probably eats a lot.
Tom probably had a good reason for leaving early.
Tom probably has a good reason for not being here.
Tom probably has an extra pencil he could lend you.
Tom probably has better things to do than hang out with us.
Tom probably has better things to do than sit around all day watching TV.
Tom probably has better things to do with his time than sit in meetings all day.
Tom probably needs to work next weekend.
Tom probably should be fired.
Tom probably should go home now.
Tom probably should go to the doctor.
Tom probably wanted to go out and play.
Tom probably wanted to go swimming.
Tom probably wanted to just stay at home and go to sleep.
Tom probably won't be able to cope with the problem by himself.
Tom promised he'd go to bed as soon as he finished his homework.
Tom promised he'd help us on Monday.
Tom promised he'd quit smoking.
Tom promised me he would come to the party.
Tom promised me he'd help.
Tom pulled a bottle of bourbon out of his desk drawer.
Tom pulled a small flashlight out of his pocket and turned it on.
Tom pulled a switchblade from his pocket and clicked it open.
Tom pulled his gun out of his holster.
Tom pulled into the driveway, unfastened his seat belt and got out of the car.
Tom pulled off his shirt.
Tom pulled on his pants.
Tom pulled out a bag of candy from his pocket and offered some to Mary.
Tom pulled out a bottle of wine and opened it.
Tom pulled out a handkerchief and blew his nose.
Tom pulled out his gun and aimed it at Mary.
Tom pulled out his gun and walked quietly down the stairs.
Tom pulled out his sword and raised it.
Tom pulled out his wallet and showed his license to the police officer.
Tom pulled several photos out of the envelope and showed them to Mary.
Tom pulled the chain on the closet light.
Tom pulled the curtain closed.
Tom pulled the curtains open.
Tom pulled the darts out of the board.
Tom pulled the emergency brake.
Tom pulled the mask off his face.
Tom punched John in the stomach.
Tom pushed a button on the wall that opened a secret door.
Tom pushed his dog into the closet and closed the door.
Tom pushed the down button for the elevator.
Tom pushed the plug into the socket.
Tom pushed the unlocked door open.
Tom put a kettle full of water on the small fire.
Tom put a piece candy into his mouth.
Tom put down his paintbrush.
Tom put his briefcase on the seat next to him.
Tom put his briefcase on the table and unlocked it.
Tom put his coffee mug on the picnic table.
Tom put his duffel bag down on the ground, and then unzipped it.
Tom put his gun in its holster.
Tom put his keys on the dining table.
Tom put on a bullet-proof vest, just to be safe.
Tom put on his helmet and got on his bike.
Tom put on his rubber gloves.
Tom put on oven mitts and took the cake out of the oven.
Tom put our old computer in the cellar.
Tom put the apple pie and the pot of coffee on the table.
Tom put the baby in his crib.
Tom put the bowl into the microwave and pushed the button to start it cooking.
Tom put the car in gear.
Tom put the eggs on a plate.
Tom put the guitar case down so he could hug Mary.
Tom put the ice cream in the freezer.
Tom put the large manila envelope into his briefcase.
Tom put the large picnic basket on the passenger seat next to him.
Tom put the lid back on the trash can.
Tom put the pan in the sink.
Tom put the pie on the kitchen windowsill to cool.
Tom put the pill in his mouth and drank some water.
Tom put the plate of sandwiches on the table in front of Mary.
Tom put the screws in a small plastic bag.
Tom put the sign to the wall.
Tom put the tray down on the coffee table.
Tom put the tray on the table.
Tom put two sugar cubes in his tea.
Tom puts milk in his coffee.
Tom quickly closed the door before any mosquitoes could get in.
Tom quickly glanced at the photo on the desk.
Tom quickly opened the drawer and pulled out a gun.
Tom quickly realized his error.
Tom quickly reloaded his pistol.
Tom quite often drives too fast.
Tom raised his hat.
Tom raised his rifle and pointed it at Mary.
Tom ran a red light.
Tom ran down the path ahead of Mary.
Tom ran down the stairs after Mary.
Tom ran home as fast as he could.
Tom ran up the stairs towards Mary's office.
Tom rarely speaks French.
Tom reached down to assist Mary to her feet.
Tom reached down to pet his dog.
Tom reached for a cookie.
Tom reached for a pen.
Tom reached for a towel.
Tom reached for another card.
Tom reached for his cane.
Tom reached for his glass of milk.
Tom reached for his glasses on the night stand.
Tom reached for his glasses.
Tom reached for his gun.
Tom reached for his phone.
Tom reached for his pistol.
Tom reached for his rifle.
Tom reached for his salt shaker.
Tom reached for his sword.
Tom reached for his wallet.
Tom reached for his weapon.
Tom reached for Mary's hand.
Tom reached for the bottle and poured Mary another drink.
Tom reached for the bottle.
Tom reached for the check.
Tom reached for the coffee pot.
Tom reached for the coffee.
Tom reached for the door.
Tom reached for the knob.
Tom reached for the last donut, but Mary grabbed it first.
Tom reached for the microphone.
Tom reached for the notepaper.
Tom reached for the phone.
Tom reached for the pitcher of water.
Tom reached for the telephone.
Tom reached in his pocket and pulled out his wallet.
Tom reached in his pocket and pulled out some change.
Tom reached in his pocket and pulled out some money.
Tom reached into his bag and pulled out a deck of playing cards.
Tom reached into his bag.
Tom reached into his coat pocket.
Tom reached into his desk drawer and took out a medicine bottle.
Tom reached into his jacket and pulled out a small notebook.
Tom reached into his pocket and pulled out a handkerchief.
Tom reached into his pocket and pulled out some coins.
Tom reached into the box.
Tom reached into the cardboard box and pulled out a photo album.
Tom reached into the sack and pulled out some coins.
Tom reached into the trash can and pulled out a crumpled letter.
Tom reached out for the knife.
Tom reached through the gap in the fence to try to unlatch the gate.
Tom read the label on the bottle.
Tom reads the newspaper every day.
Tom realized he had no choice.
Tom realized he had no idea how to do what needed to be done.
Tom realized he was wrong.
Tom realized he'd forgotten to pay, so he walked back into the restaurant.
Tom realized Mary was deliberately avoiding him.
Tom realized Mary was expecting him to laugh, so he started laughing.
Tom realized Mary was probably getting hungry.
Tom realized Mary was probably sleepy.
Tom realized Mary was right.
Tom realized Mary was serious.
Tom realized Mary was staring at him.
Tom realized Mary was tired.
Tom realized Mary was unhappy.
Tom realized Mary was up to something.
Tom realized Mary was very confused.
Tom realized Mary wasn't listening.
Tom realized right away that he should have worn a heavier coat.
Tom realized something was very wrong.
Tom realized something was wrong.
Tom realized something wasn't right.
Tom realized that could be a problem.
Tom realized that he couldn't play tennis as well as Mary.
Tom realized that he had made a mistake.
Tom realized that he might be in danger.
Tom realized that he might be late.
Tom realized that he might need more money.
Tom realized that he wasn't as smart as the other kids.
Tom realized that he wasn't the same as the other kids.
Tom realized that it would be better if he left right away.
Tom realized that Mary didn't really like him very much.
Tom realized that Mary might be a little upset.
Tom realized that Mary might be busy.
Tom realized that Mary might be hungry.
Tom realized that Mary might be tired.
Tom realized that Mary might not like him so much.
Tom realized that Mary wasn't happy in Boston.
Tom realized that Mary wasn't paying attention to what he was saying.
Tom realized that Mary wasn't paying attention.
Tom realized that was a very bad idea.
Tom realized that what Mary said wasn't true.
Tom realized what Mary was doing.
Tom realized what was happening.
Tom really wants to go to Boston.
Tom really yelled at me.
Tom received a fax from Mary this morning.
Tom recognized Mary the moment she entered the room.
Tom recognized three of the names on the list.
Tom referred to his notes.
Tom referred to the map.
Tom refilled his coffee cup.
Tom refilled Mary's glass.
Tom refused to come. I wonder why.
Tom refused to conceal the truth.
Tom refused to do what we asked.
Tom regretted hurting Mary's feelings.
Tom reloaded his pistol.
Tom reluctantly did what Mary asked him to do.
Tom reluctantly gave Mary the money she asked for.
Tom reluctantly signed the papers.
Tom reluctantly went home.
Tom remained in his car while Mary was in the supermarket.
Tom remained motionless on the floor.
Tom remained poor his whole life.
Tom remained quiet a moment.
Tom remained wide awake the whole night.
Tom reminded Mary of John.
Tom reminded me to pay my bills.
Tom reminded us to do our homework.
Tom removed his disguise.
Tom removed his glasses and rubbed his eyes.
Tom removed his gun from his holster.
Tom removed the bandages from Mary's leg.
Tom removed the splinter from Mary's finger.
Tom rented a truck to move his furniture to his new house.
Tom reported that everything was OK.
Tom requires constant care.
Tom respectfully removed his hat.
Tom respects your opinion.
Tom restrained himself from hitting Mary.
Tom retired many years ago.
Tom returned from the kitchen carrying a pot of coffee.
Tom returned from the kitchen with two mugs of coffee and sat down next to Mary.
Tom returned Mary's smile.
Tom returned Mary's stare.
Tom returned one day earlier than expected.
Tom returned the keys to Mary.
Tom returned to his room and closed the door.
Tom returned to the witness stand.
Tom rinsed out his mug and then refilled it with coffee.
Tom ripped a page out of his sketch book.
Tom ripped out the page.
Tom ripped the envelope open.
Tom ripped the page out.
Tom ripped up the check.
Tom ripped us off.
Tom risked his life for us.
Tom rolled up his shirt sleeves.
Tom rolled up his sleeve, exposing a hideous scar.
Tom rolled up the poster and put it into a cardboard tube.
Tom rose to go, but Mary asked him to sit back down.
Tom rose to his feet and walked to the window.
Tom rubbed his palms together.
Tom said he could do nothing.
Tom said he couldn't do anything.
Tom said he couldn't find a job.
Tom said he couldn't find the kind of job he was looking for.
Tom said he couldn't wait any longer.
Tom said he didn't have time to read the newspaper this morning.
Tom said he didn't know French.
Tom said he didn't learn anything at school today.
Tom said he didn't mean to hit me.
Tom said he didn't mean to hurt you.
Tom said he had somewhere to go.
Tom said he had to go somewhere.
Tom said he needed our help.
Tom said he was afraid of snakes.
Tom said he was asked to help.
Tom said he was asked to leave.
Tom said he was in no hurry to go home.
Tom said he was terrified of snakes.
Tom said I was fat.
Tom said Mary threatened him with a knife.
Tom said more than he had intended.
Tom said something in French and then left the room.
Tom said that he could swim well.
Tom said that he couldn't swim well.
Tom said that he thought that education was important.
Tom said that he wanted to forget about what happened.
Tom said that he was angry.
Tom said that he was going to be late.
Tom said that he was thirsty.
Tom said that he wasn't angry.
Tom said that he wasn't hungry.
Tom said that he would come back.
Tom said that you'd be here today.
Tom said the soup was too hot.
Tom said we should start early.
Tom said you like popcorn.
Tom said you might be able to help.
Tom said you might be interested in this book.
Tom sang badly on purpose.
Tom sat alone at one of the booths in the diner.
Tom sat alone at the kitchen table, drinking a cup of coffee.
Tom sat alone at the table, drinking absinthe.
Tom sat alone in the dark.
Tom sat alone, staring straight ahead.
Tom sat at his computer and started typing something.
Tom sat at his desk, pretending to study.
Tom sat at his desk, staring out the window.
Tom sat at the counter, typing on a notebook computer.
Tom sat at the kitchen table, sharpening a knife.
Tom sat by the pool in swimming trunks, surrounded by beautiful women in bikinis.
Tom sat down in front of his computer.
Tom sat down next to Mary on the sandy beach.
Tom sat down on a folding chair.
Tom sat down on the couch next to Mary.
Tom sat down on the edge of the bed.
Tom sat down on the sand next to Mary.
Tom sat motionless on a chair in the corner of the room.
Tom sat on the bench next to Mary.
Tom sat on the couch next to Mary.
Tom sat on the edge of the desk.
Tom sat patiently in his chair, waiting for Mary.
Tom sat under a tree, sketching something in his notebook.
Tom sat under a tree, strumming his ukulele.
Tom saw muddy footprints on the floor.
Tom saw some toys on Mary's front porch.
Tom saw something on the ground.
Tom saw what Mary was eating.
Tom says he doesn't have very much money on him right now.
Tom says he already knows how to do that.
Tom says he always told Mary the truth.
Tom says he can't find his hat.
Tom says he can't stay long.
Tom says he has three other suggestions to make.
Tom says he knows someone who's a good sketch artist.
Tom says he'll go to Boston soon.
Tom says he'll go with us.
Tom says he'll never do it again.
Tom says he'll never give up.
Tom says he's seriously considering our proposal.
Tom says Mary can be trusted.
Tom says Mary hired him.
Tom says Mary kissed him.
Tom says that he believes everything I say.
Tom says that he never refuses a reasonable request.
Tom says that he's still hungry.
Tom says that Mary can go, but that he can't.
Tom scanned the list, but couldn't find his name.
Tom scheduled a last-minute meeting.
Tom scolded Mary for not treating John with respect.
Tom scratched his head.
Tom scratched his name off the list.
Tom screamed as loud as he could.
Tom screamed at Mary.
Tom screamed in terror.
Tom screamed something in French.
Tom scribbled his signature on the contract.
Tom searched the glove compartment for a map.
Tom seemed at ease.
Tom seemed distracted.
Tom seemed genuinely shocked.
Tom seemed like such a nice guy.
Tom seemed polite enough to me.
Tom seemed satisfied with Mary's answer.
Tom seemed terrified of something.
Tom seemed to be praying to himself.
Tom seemed to be staring at something in the corner of the room.
Tom seemed to be unable to concentrate.
Tom seems a little disappointed by the news.
Tom seems disappointed.
Tom seems frustrated and angry.
Tom seems glad to be home.
Tom seems like a good friend.
Tom seems like a good kid.
Tom seems like a nice guy.
Tom seems puzzled by the result.
Tom seems reasonable enough.
Tom seems reluctant to go.
Tom seems reluctant to help.
Tom seems reluctant to leave.
Tom seems scared about something.
Tom seems to be a fairly successful businessman.
Tom seems to be absorbed in thought.
Tom seems to be barely paying attention.
Tom seems to be concentrating on something else.
Tom seems to be enjoying all this.
Tom seems to be slightly flustered.
Tom seems to be thoroughly enjoying himself.
Tom seems to be totally confused.
Tom seems to be very confused.
Tom seems to be worried about something.
Tom seems to like you a lot.
Tom seems to recognize that guy.
Tom seems very calm.
Tom seldom drinks coffee in the evening.
Tom seldom goes out.
Tom sensed a tension between John and Mary.
Tom sensed that Mary wasn't happy.
Tom separated the items into three piles.
Tom shares his office with Mary.
Tom shook up a can of beer and then walked into the living room and handed it to Mary.
Tom should ask for a refund.
Tom should be all right.
Tom should be along any minute.
Tom should be arriving at noon.
Tom should be behind bars.
Tom should be considered dangerous.
Tom should be here any second.
Tom should be here by 2:30.
Tom should be here by now.
Tom should be here shortly.
Tom should be here tonight.
Tom should be home any moment.
Tom should be in his office.
Tom should be in the hospital.
Tom should be locked up.
Tom should be out of surgery in about three hours.
Tom should be out of the hospital soon.
Tom should be told about what happened.
Tom should be with family.
Tom should have purchased flood insurance.
Tom should never have trusted Mary.
Tom should probably tell Mary he loves her.
Tom shouldn't have accepted gifts from his students.
Tom shouted something in French.
Tom shoved his plate of food toward Mary.
Tom shoved his stuff into the backpack.
Tom showed Mary the scar on his leg.
Tom showed Mary the tattoo on his arm.
Tom signed the document.
Tom silently shook his head.
Tom silently thought about it.
Tom slammed the closet door closed.
Tom slammed the door closed.
Tom slammed the locker door shut.
Tom slammed the van door closed.
Tom slapped his knee and laughed.
Tom slapped Mary on the back.
Tom smiled apologetically.
Tom smiled at the audience and took a bow.
Tom smiled sympathetically.
Tom smiled when he realized Mary was about to kiss him.
Tom snatched the doll away from Mary.
Tom sneaked up behind Mary without being noticed.
Tom sneaked up behind the guard and clobbered him with a monkey wrench.
Tom snored loudly with his mouth open.
Tom sometimes does foolish things.
Tom sounds like a professional.
Tom speaks faster than I do.
Tom speaks with a deep southern accent.
Tom speaks with a slight accent.
Tom speaks with a slight French-Canadian accent.
Tom speaks with a southern accent.
Tom specifically asked for you.
Tom spelled my name wrong.
Tom spelled your name wrong.
Tom spends about an hour a day swimming.
Tom spends most of his free time reading books.
Tom spends most of his free time studying French.
Tom spends most of his free time watching TV.
Tom spent some time behind enemy lines.
Tom spent the money his father gave him on beer.
Tom spent the remainder of the night thinking about Mary.
Tom spent three years in a prison camp.
Tom spilled a glass of milk on his laptop.
Tom spilled his drink on Mary.
Tom spilled his drink, so I bought him another one.
Tom spilled some wine on his shirt.
Tom spit out his gum.
Tom spit out the poison.
Tom spoke quickly.
Tom spoke to the person sitting next to him on the train.
Tom squeezed his eyes shut.
Tom stabbed Mary repeatedly.
Tom stabbed Mary thirteen times.
Tom staggered into the room, carrying a bottle of beer.
Tom stared angrily at Mary.
Tom stared at himself in the mirror.
Tom stared at his coffee mug.
Tom stared at his hands.
Tom stared at his reflection in the mirror.
Tom stared at his reflection in the water.
Tom stared at his reflection in the window.
Tom stared at Mary for a moment.
Tom stared at Mary for a second.
Tom stared at Mary icily.
Tom stared at Mary in disbelief.
Tom stared at Mary in disgust.
Tom stared at Mary in horror.
Tom stared at Mary in shock.
Tom stared at Mary in surprise.
Tom stared at Mary intently.
Tom stared at Mary suspiciously.
Tom stared at Mary with a blank expression.
Tom stared at Mary with disgust.
Tom stared at Mary with hatred.
Tom stared at Mary's photo.
Tom stared at the blank computer screen.
Tom stared at the ceiling, unable to sleep.
Tom stared at the ceiling.
Tom stared at the floor, not wanting to say anything.
Tom stared at the picture Mary was holding.
Tom stared at the picture of his daughter.
Tom stared at the picture.
Tom stared blankly at the ceiling.
Tom stared blankly into space.
Tom stared directly into Mary's eyes.
Tom stared into Mary's eyes and kissed her.
Tom stared into Mary's eyes.
Tom stared into the distance.
Tom stared off into space.
Tom stared out at the sea.
Tom stared out the window.
Tom stared sadly out the window.
Tom stared silently at Mary for several moments.
Tom stared up at the ceiling.
Tom started moaning in pain.
Tom started shaving when he was thirteen.
Tom started singing along with Mary.
Tom started to descend the stairs.
Tom started to drift off to sleep.
Tom stayed in the car while Mary went into the supermarket.
Tom stirred the spaghetti sauce while his mother set the table.
Tom stood by the gate, drinking from a water bottle.
Tom stopped himself from kissing Mary.
Tom stopped knocking on the door as soon as he realized Mary wasn't home.
Tom stormed into the kitchen.
Tom stormed into the office.
Tom stormed out of the building.
Tom stormed out of the office.
Tom straightened the knot on his tie.
Tom stuck out his tongue at Mary.
Tom stuffed his handkerchief in his pocket.
Tom suddenly felt very uncomfortable.
Tom suddenly got incredibly nervous.
Tom suddenly got very scared.
Tom suddenly noticed someone waving to him.
Tom suddenly realized he was in danger.
Tom suddenly realized something was wrong.
Tom suddenly realized that Mary wasn't in the room anymore.
Tom suddenly realized that something strange was happening.
Tom suddenly slammed on the brakes to avoid hitting a dog.
Tom suffers from claustrophobia.
Tom surprised everybody when he passed his driving test.
Tom swam for three hours yesterday afternoon.
Tom swam yesterday.
Tom swept every room in the house.
Tom swept Mary off her feet.
Tom swims every other day.
Tom swims practically every day.
Tom switched off the motor.
Tom switched off the overhead light.
Tom tasted the stew and frowned.
Tom tasted the stew.
Tom taught me how to swim.
Tom thinks he can do anything he sets his mind to.
Tom thinks he might have the answer.
Tom thinks that gambling is wrong.
Tom thought about reaching for his gun, but decided not to.
Tom thought he would have all the time he needed.
Tom thought Mary was an unfit mother.
Tom thought something was wrong with his car.
Tom thought that Mary was being unreasonable.
Tom threatened Mary with a gun.
Tom threatened Mary with a knife.
Tom threatened Mary with a pistol.
Tom threatened Mary with his gun.
Tom threatened Mary with his sword.
Tom threatened to expose the whole thing.
Tom threatened to kill Mary if she told anyone about what happened.
Tom threw an empty beer can at Mary.
Tom threw his dirty socks on the pile of clothes in the corner of his room.
Tom threw his half-eaten sandwich into the trash can.
Tom threw the baseball to Mary and she caught it.
Tom threw the dart.
Tom threw the letter into the fireplace.
Tom thumbed through an old magazine.
Tom tied the rope around his waist.
Tom tightened his grip on the bat.
Tom tightened his grip on the rope.
Tom told his son that he had to eat everything that was on his plate.
Tom told Mary that sometimes all you have to do is ask for forgiveness.
Tom told me he couldn't stay long.
Tom told me that he often dreams in French.
Tom told me that you'd be here today.
Tom told me to go home.
Tom told me to leave the room immediately.
Tom told me to shut the gate.
Tom told me to stop talking.
Tom told us not to do this.
Tom told you to come and see what I was doing, right?
Tom took dollars from his wallet and gave it to Mary.
Tom took another bite of his sandwich.
Tom took a beer from the cooler and opened it.
Tom took a beer out of the fridge and handed it to Mary.
Tom took a bite of Mary's donut.
Tom took a bite out of the apple.
Tom took a bottle of pills out of his pocket.
Tom took a butcher knife out of the drawer.
Tom took a can of beer from the fridge.
Tom took a can opener out of the drawer.
Tom took a deep breath and closed his eyes.
Tom took a deep breath and said nothing.
Tom took a drink from his wine glass.
Tom took a handkerchief out and blew his nose.
Tom took a pill from the bottle and swallowed it.
Tom took a pill from the prescription bottle and put it in his mouth.
Tom took a sealed envelope out of his pocket and gave it to Mary.
Tom took a seat at the counter.
Tom took a seat next to Mary on the bench.
Tom took a seat next to Mary.
Tom took a sip from his beer can.
Tom took a sip from his coffee mug.
Tom took a sip of brandy.
Tom took a sip of his drink and put the glass back on the table.
Tom took a sip of his milk.
Tom took a sip of lemonade.
Tom took a sip of wine.
Tom took a small envelope from his shirt pocket and gave it to Mary.
Tom took a tiny bite of Mary's donut.
Tom took an envelope out of his pocket and put it into the mail slot.
Tom took another sip from his glass of beer.
Tom took his glasses off and put them in his pocket.
Tom took his son to the petting zoo.
Tom took off his coat and hung it over a chair.
Tom took off his dirty clothes and put them directly into the washing machine.
Tom took off his gardening gloves.
Tom took off his glasses and put them down on his desk.
Tom took off his glasses and rubbed his eyes.
Tom took off his glasses and rubbed his forehead.
Tom took off his helmet and wiped off his forehead.
Tom took off his jacket, put on a bullet-proof vest, and then put his jacket back on.
Tom took off his lab coat and hung it over the chair.
Tom took off his leather jacket and sat down.
Tom took off his muddy shoes.
Tom took off his protective glasses.
Tom took off his socks and threw them on the floor.
Tom took off his sweater and put it in his locker.
Tom took one of the shirts out of the closet and put it on.
Tom took out his driver's license and handed it to the police officer.
Tom took out his false teeth.
Tom took out his flashlight and turned it on.
Tom took some money out of his wallet and gave it to Mary.
Tom took the CD from its case and inserted it in the player.
Tom took the CD out of its case and put it into the player.
Tom took the concert ticket Mary offered him.
Tom took the microphone away from Mary.
Tom took the pan off the stove.
Tom took the pie out of the oven.
Tom took the stairs two at a time.
Tom took two wine glasses out of the cabinet.
Tom tossed and turned in bed, unable to sleep.
Tom tossed the rotten apple into the garbage can.
Tom tossed the soda can into the trash.
Tom transferred in from Boston.
Tom tricked all of us.
Tom tried a different approach.
Tom tried in vain to convince Mary to go to art school.
Tom tried to assist Mary.
Tom tried to climb over the fence.
Tom tried to conceal his anger.
Tom tried to conceal his knife.
Tom tried to conceal the truth.
Tom tried to concentrate on his work.
Tom tried to convince Mary to help him.
Tom tried to convince Mary that he'd changed.
Tom tried to ease the tension.
Tom tried to help me make friends.
Tom tried to impress his friends.
Tom tried to kiss Mary, but she leaned back.
Tom tried to open the door, but it was locked.
Tom tried to predict the future.
Tom tried to regain his balance.
Tom tried to restart the car, but couldn't.
Tom tried to restart the car, but it wouldn't start.
Tom tried to sneak into the movie theater without paying.
Tom tried to sneak out of the house, but his parents caught him.
Tom tried to swim across the river.
Tom tripped and sprained his ankle.
Tom trusted Mary more than anyone else.
Tom tugged on Mary's arm.
Tom tugged on the rope.
Tom turned on the desk lamp and started working.
Tom turned off the engine and shut off the headlights.
Tom turned off the engine, but left the headlights on.
Tom turned on his flashlight and entered the cave.
Tom turned on the overhead light.
Tom unbuckled his seat belt and got out of the car.
Tom uncorked a bottle of wine and poured himself a glass.
Tom unfolded the blanket and wrapped it around himself.
Tom unfolded the letter and read it.
Tom unfolded the newspaper and started to read it.
Tom unholstered his gun and raised it.
Tom unlocked his car.
Tom unlocked his office door.
Tom unlocked his suitcase.
Tom unlocked the car and got in.
Tom unlocked the gate.
Tom unplugged the toaster and put it in a box.
Tom unrolled the rope ladder and hung it out the window.
Tom unscrewed the cap and handed the jar to Mary.
Tom unwrapped his sandwich and started eating it.
Tom unwrapped the gift carefully.
Tom unwrapped the package.
Tom unzipped his backpack.
Tom used to be a member of the bomb squad.
Tom used to get bullied at school.
Tom usually accomplishes whatever he sets out to do.
Tom usually carries a sketch pad.
Tom usually does this kind of thing very quickly.
Tom usually doesn't get up until 7:30.
Tom usually gets home at 6:00.
Tom usually gets up early in the morning.
Tom usually goes out at night.
Tom usually insists on having everything his own way.
Tom usually keeps appointments.
Tom usually keeps his promises.
Tom usually listens to classical music.
Tom usually swims in the morning.
Tom usually tells the truth.
Tom usually walks his dog on a leash.
Tom usually wears a conservative suit.
Tom vanished into the darkness.
Tom violated the restraining order.
Tom violently kicked the garbage can.
Tom waited a moment before replying.
Tom waited as Mary unlocked the door.
Tom waited for everyone to sit down.
Tom waited for Mary to say something, but she remained silent.
Tom waited for Mary to unlock the door.
Tom waited patiently for three hours, then left.
Tom walked across the room and opened the window.
Tom walked down the path, whistling a tune.
Tom walked into his messy apartment.
Tom walked into the conference room.
Tom walked into the courtroom, surrounded by police officers.
Tom walked into the room with an armful of laundry.
Tom walked out of the courtroom, surrounded by reporters.
Tom walked over to Mary and whispered in her ear.
Tom walked over to the sink and turned on the faucet.
Tom walked to the door and unlocked it.
Tom walked to the edge of the pool.
Tom walked up to Mary and gave her a passionate kiss on the mouth.
Tom wanted the policy to be changed.
Tom wanted to be a criminal defense lawyer.
Tom wanted to become a teacher.
Tom wanted to do all the talking.
Tom wanted to help Mary rescue her baby.
Tom wanted to live in Boston.
Tom wants to be happy again.
Tom wants to have nothing further to do with you.
Tom wants to help, but obviously can't.
Tom wants to know how he can gain weight.
Tom wants to know how he can lose weight.
Tom wants to learn how to play the trumpet.
Tom wants to live in Boston after he graduates from high school.
Tom wants to swim.
Tom was a drug dealer.
Tom was a little surprised by how well Mary could sing.
Tom was a little surprised by how well Mary could speak French.
Tom was a little surprised by how well Mary could swim.
Tom was a member of our crew.
Tom was a prison guard.
Tom was a prisoner of war for three years.
Tom was a professional magician.
Tom was accused of collaborating with the enemy.
Tom was accused of selling weapons to a terrorist group.
Tom was always like that.
Tom was among the few who stayed and helped.
Tom was among the few who survived.
Tom was an innocent bystander.
Tom was angry at me for not coming.
Tom was arguing with one of the sailors about something.
Tom was arrested for carrying grams of cocaine.
Tom was as pale as a sheet.
Tom was astonished by what he saw.
Tom was attacked by a swarm of bees.
Tom was awoken by a Mary singing in the next apartment.
Tom was badly wounded.
Tom was bitten by a rattlesnake.
Tom was bitterly disappointed.
Tom was both puzzled and concerned.
Tom was carrying a bucket of water.
Tom was carrying a duffel bag and a guitar case.
Tom was carrying a leather briefcase.
Tom was caught selling drugs to kids.
Tom was certain that he would recognize Mary when he saw her.
Tom was charged with attempted murder.
Tom was clearly a little disappointed.
Tom was deeply disturbed by this news.
Tom was definitely puzzled by this.
Tom was disguised as a janitor.
Tom was disturbed by the implication.
Tom was dressed casually.
Tom was dressed in clothes similar to John's.
Tom was dressed like a pirate.
Tom was due here three hours ago.
Tom was duly impressed.
Tom was engaged to Mary.
Tom was expecting a kiss, so he leaned forward and puckered his lips.
Tom was fascinated by everything he saw.
Tom was feeling hungry.
Tom was feeling sleepy.
Tom was feeling tired.
Tom was feeling woozy.
Tom was forced to improvise.
Tom was furious with Mary.
Tom was glad that Mary agreed with him.
Tom was glad that someone agreed with him.
Tom was going to lie, but he ended up spilling the beans.
Tom was grinning from ear to ear.
Tom was groaning in pain.
Tom was hanging out with a bunch of other boys, most of them a bit older than him.
Tom was holding something in his right hand.
Tom was horrible with children.
Tom was impressed by Mary's cooking.
Tom was impressed by Mary's courage.
Tom was impressed by Mary's plan.
Tom was in jail at the time.
Tom was in obvious pain.
Tom was in severe pain.
Tom was in surgery for three hours.
Tom was in the library with us yesterday afternoon.
Tom was in total shock.
Tom was in unbearable pain.
Tom was injured in an accident, so he couldn't walk very well.
Tom was injured in the blast.
Tom was injured in the explosion.
Tom was lying unconscious on the sidewalk.
Tom was leaning against the church wall.
Tom was leaning against the wall near the door.
Tom was leaning against the wall.
Tom was leaning up against the wall.
Tom was like a dad to me.
Tom was looking at a picture of a person wearing a hat.
Tom was looking for his locker key.
Tom was looking through the telescope that Mary had given him.
Tom was lying in bed, staring up at the ceiling.
Tom was moaning in pain.
Tom was momentarily disoriented.
Tom was mumbling something to himself.
Tom was mumbling to himself.
Tom was my commanding officer.
Tom was never convinced that John and Mary were husband and wife.
Tom was never very good at acknowledging mistakes.
Tom was never very good at cooking.
Tom was never very good at speaking French.
Tom was never very good at swimming.
Tom was obviously angry.
Tom was obviously devastated by what happened.
Tom was obviously disappointed.
Tom was obviously not expecting us to be here.
Tom was obviously not impressed.
Tom was obviously unhappy.
Tom was obviously upset.
Tom was one of the invited guests.
Tom was pleasantly surprised to see Mary.
Tom was probably drunk when he crashed his car.
Tom was probably drunk when he did that.
Tom was probably happy with Mary's gift.
Tom was probably Mary's closest friend.
Tom was probably the shortest person in the room.
Tom was proud of you.
Tom was punching a punching bag.
Tom was reaching for his gun when Mary shot him.
Tom was really glad to see that Mary was happy.
Tom was recommended to us.
Tom was released from prison three months ago.
Tom was released from prison three weeks before Mary was murdered.
Tom was reluctant to leave.
Tom was rude to Mary.
Tom was rummaging through some of his stuff when Mary walked into the room.
Tom was satisfied with how things turned out.
Tom was scared of Mary.
Tom was scared of me.
Tom was screaming in pain.
Tom was seated in the driver's seat of the car.
Tom was sentenced to thirteen years for manslaughter.
Tom was sentenced to thirty years.
Tom was sentenced to three weeks of community service.
Tom was shocked by Mary's appearance.
Tom was shocked by Mary's attitude.
Tom was shocked by what he saw.
Tom was silent for a moment.
Tom was sitting alone at one of the tables near the door.
Tom was sitting at the bar three stools away from Mary.
Tom was sitting at the bar three stools away, drinking beer.
Tom was sitting on a stool by the stove.
Tom was so traumatized he could barely speak.
Tom was speechless for a moment.
Tom was stabbed thirty times.
Tom was standing by the door.
Tom was staring at the ceiling.
Tom was staring at the flame.
Tom was staring at the floor.
Tom was staring into space.
Tom was staring out into space with a bored expression on his face.
Tom was staring out the window deep in thought.
Tom was staring out the window.
Tom was staring up at the sky.
Tom was stretched out on a sofa.
Tom was stretched out on the floor.
Tom was supposed to come into the office today.
Tom was supposed to go to Boston last week.
Tom was supposed to go to Boston with Mary.
Tom was supposed to go to Boston.
Tom was surprised how much Mary had grown since the last time he'd seen her.
Tom was surprised how well Mary could draw.
Tom was surprised how well Mary could play ping pong.
Tom was surprised how well Mary could play the saxophone.
Tom was surprised how well Mary could speak French.
Tom was surprised how well Mary could swim.
Tom was surprised how well Mary spoke French.
Tom was surprised how well Mary swam.
Tom was surprised that Mary recognized John after so many years.
Tom was surprised when he realized Mary liked him.
Tom was swimming with us yesterday.
Tom was talking to a group of men gathered around the conference table.
Tom was the first one to recognize Mary's musical talent.
Tom was the one who insisted that we leave early.
Tom was the one who referred Mary to us.
Tom was the one who sold the drugs that Mary stole.
Tom was the one who suggested leaving early.
Tom was the one who suggested opening a bottle of wine.
Tom was the one who suggested that I go out with Mary.
Tom was the one who taught me how to swim.
Tom was the only one in the nightclub who wasn't drinking.
Tom was the only one who knew where Mary went.
Tom was the only one who smiled.
Tom was the victim of a homicide.
Tom was tired and discouraged.
Tom was totally into it.
Tom was totally into you.
Tom was trapped in the cave for three days.
Tom was unable to answer.
Tom was unable to conceal his anger.
Tom was unable to conceal his sadness.
Tom was unable to conceal his surprise.
Tom was unable to concentrate.
Tom was unable to control his emotions and burst into tears.
Tom was unable to escape.
Tom was unable to hide his excitement.
Tom was unable to hide his reaction.
Tom was unable to hide his tears.
Tom was unaware of what had happened.
Tom was uncertain how to react.
Tom was uncertain what to expect.
Tom was unconscious for three days.
Tom was unshaven and disheveled.
Tom was very aware that every eye in the room was on him.
Tom was very fond of Mary.
Tom was very proud of you.
Tom was wearing a janitor's uniform.
Tom was wearing an expensive suit.
Tom was wearing an old lab coat.
Tom was wearing an orange jumpsuit and his hands were cuffed in front of him.
Tom was wearing black leather gloves.
Tom was wearing black leather pants and a black leather jacket.
Tom was wearing clothes similar to John's.
Tom was willing to sacrifice everything for you.
Tom wasn't aware that anything out of the ordinary had occurred.
Tom wasn't impressed by what he saw.
Tom watched as Mary drove away in her red convertible sports car.
Tom watched Mary as she danced.
Tom watched Mary as she slept.
Tom weighed his options for a moment.
Tom went for an early-morning swim.
Tom went into his room and closed the door.
Tom went into the bank while Mary waited patiently in the car.
Tom went out onto the street.
Tom went swimming with us yesterday.
Tom went to a costume party last weekend.
Tom went to the drugstore to buy some cough syrup.
Tom went to the same school that I did.
Tom went to visit his grandmother at the retirement home.
Tom went to visit Mary even though I told him not to.
Tom whispered in Mary's ear.
Tom whispered into Mary's ear.
Tom whispered softly to Mary.
Tom whispered something in Mary's ear and she nodded.
Tom whispered something into Mary's ear and she smiled.
Tom whispered something into Mary's ear.
Tom whispered something to Mary and then left the room.
Tom whistled a tune as he walked down the street.
Tom whistled for his dog.
Tom whistled for his horse.
Tom will assist you in your search for Mary.
Tom will be assigned to assist you.
Tom will be back soon.
Tom will be disappointed if you don't go to his party.
Tom will be here within the hour.
Tom will be returning soon.
Tom will be there tomorrow for sure.
Tom will decide what we'll do this afternoon.
Tom will do everything he's asked to do.
Tom will do everything you ask him to do.
Tom will do whatever it takes to finish the job on time.
Tom will do whatever it takes to win.
Tom will forgive you eventually.
Tom will give you all the information you need.
Tom will kill anyone who gets in his way.
Tom will know where to go.
Tom will never forgive himself.
Tom will probably be convicted and executed.
Tom will probably be here all afternoon.
Tom will probably be here in the morning.
Tom will probably be home soon.
Tom will probably be the first one in our class to get married.
Tom will probably buy his mother some flowers for Mother's Day.
Tom will probably forgive you if you apologize.
Tom will provide you with all the information you need.
Tom will remain at home.
Tom winked and blew a kiss.
Tom winked at Mary and blew her a kiss.
Tom wiped the blade of his knife on his jeans.
Tom wished he had had the courage to jump into the river and save the baby that had fallen in.
Tom wished he had something to do.
Tom wishes he had the courage to leave.
Tom wishes Mary would pay more attention to him when he talks.
Tom wishes Mary wouldn't always go shopping on Saturdays.
Tom won't find us here.
Tom won't likely repeat that mistake.
Tom wondered why everyone was staring at him.
Tom wonders if he'll be able to say goodbye without crying.
Tom worked as a physical therapist.
Tom would do the same thing for me.
Tom would never trust me.
Tom would rather speak French.
Tom wrote Mary a love letter.
Tom yanked the curtains closed.
Tom yanked the curtains open.
Tom, I owe you an apology.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice were seated around the table.
Tom's actions aren't predictable.
Tom's boss advanced him a week's wages.
Tom's dog licked his hand.
Tom's enthusiasm is contagious.
Tom's enthusiasm is infectious.
Tom's fever has broken.
Tom's French is getting better.
Tom's French is gradually improving.
Tom's French is improving.
Tom's grandfather was a concentration camp survivor.
Tom's happiness means more to me than anything else in the world.
Tom's methods were unorthodox.
Tom's name is on the envelope.
Tom's name was on the box.
Tom's prediction was correct.
Tom's room is messy.
Tom's sobs could be heard from the next room.
Tom's strategy is working.
Tom's strategy isn't working.
Tom's stuff is everywhere.
Tom's wife asked him to quit his job.
Tom's wife had a baby girl yesterday.
Your letter didn't reach me until today.
Your face is familiar, but I can't recall your name.
You're responsible for books you take out of the library.
You're required by law to appear in person.
You'll have to use the rear door while the house is being painted.
You'll have to establish residence here before you can vote.
You'll find a rake in the shed.
You should've heard the family's reaction when I told them the good news.
You people go ahead. We'll bring up the rear.
You have rendered us invaluable service.
You can find him at the rifle range.
You can be sure this money will be put to good use.
Would you rather come with us?
Will you relieve me while I go downstairs for a minute?
Will the train really start on time?
Why was this news released?
Why don't you quit what you're doing and come out for a walk?
Who's the representative from your district?
Who's going to stay at home to receive the guests?
Who represents the defendant?
Where are the rest of the boys?
When were you released from the prison camp?
When Mary came by, Tom raised his hat.
When I left, Tom gave me a very good recommendation.
What's the postage rate for packages?
What was the real reason for Tom's refusal?
What does this painting represent?
What do you do for recreation around here?
What color reflects light the best?
What can we do to relieve the monotony?
We'll have to have a little discussion regarding that last point.
We'll have to fall back on our reserves.
We will stay at home rather than get there so late.
We refused to accept Tom's resignation.
We recognized it from your description.
We reasoned with Tom until he changed his mind.
We protested against the reduction in wages.
We made a resolution to increase production.
We haven't been able to get anyone to replace Tom.
We had a record crop this year.
We enjoy the quiet of the country.
We each went to our respective homes.
We can't repair the damage done by Tom's speech.
Wait until you receive the letter.
Wait till the chairman recognizes you.
Try to rest your eyes.
Tom's strategy was responsible for the victory.
Tom's speech quieted the crowd.
Tom's response to the medicine pleased the doctor.
Tom's pride won't let him admit he's wrong.
Tom's new play got a warm reception.
Tom's letter relieved me of a lot of worry.
Tom's horse reared suddenly and threw him.
Tom's honesty is beyond all question.
Tom's face got red with embarrassment.
Tom's directions had us puzzled.
Tom's conduct is a reflection on the way he was brought up.
Tom's answer was quick and to the point.
Tom works with religious devotion.
Tom worked as a reader to the blind.
Tom will be there tomorrow without question.
Tom was well received in the club.
Tom was racked with pain.
Tom tries to read the future.
Tom told me how to do it, but it didn't register.
Tom resigned because they refused to give him a raise.
Tom reported that everything was in order.
Tom repeated what he had just said.
Tom rents rooms to students.
Tom remarked on Mary's appearance.
Tom regarded the statue carefully.
Tom recovered his balance immediately.
Tom deserves a reward for that.
Tom raked in money during the war.
Tom quit his job yesterday.
Tom quarters are near the camp.
Tom is very tolerant in his attitude toward religion.
Tom is so quiet you never know he's around.
Tom is regarded as a great pianist.
Tom is really younger than he looks.
Tom is always quoting some famous person.
Tom is a reasonable man.
Tom is a big railroad executive.
Tom hates the whole human race.
Tom has the respect of everyone here.
Tom has the rank of captain.
Tom has quite a lot of money in the bank.
Tom has many good qualities.
Tom has been calling me regularly every evening.
Tom has always favored representative government.
Tom has a very bad reputation in certain quarters.
Tom has a reputation for being a good worker.
Tom had a good reason for wanting to leave the house.
Tom got so angry he raved like a madman.
Tom got angry when Mary referred to his friend in that tone.
Tom gave the report in person.
Tom forgot to release the brake.
Tom eats only raw vegetables.
Tom didn't respond to my latest letter.
Tom broke all records for speed.
Tom bowed respectfully to the old lady.
Tom belonged to a religious order.
Tom asked for a raise in pay.
Tom and Mary are close relatives.
Tom and I always quarrel.
Tom always remembers us at Christmas.
This sketch is representative of Tom's style.
This matter requires careful thought.
This magazine has a picture of the Queen.
This is third-rate tobacco.
This is the worst earthquake on record.
This is the regular procedure.
This is the real thing.
This house remained in their family for years.
This growth ought to be removed immediately.
This coat is so long it reaches the ground.
This car is in bad repair.
This book hasn't received the attention it deserves.
They'll refund your money if you're not satisfied.
They took their respective places in line.
They should respect our rights.
They required us to pass an examination.
They reported Tom to the police.
They rejected all our plans.
They recognized the new government.
They haven't been friends since that quarrel.
They had to call the police to restore order.
They asked a lot of questions about my past experience.
These things always remain the same.
These flowers are rare for that part of the country.
These boys ought to be sent to a reform school.
These are my reading glasses.
There's been a reduction in personnel at our factory.
There's an emergency exit in the rear.
There was such a racket at my house last night, I couldn't sleep.
There was no way of reaching Tom.
There has been a rapid increase in the population here.
The water from the spring is very pure.
The two countries have broken off diplomatic relations.
The two boys raced each other home.
The temperature went down ten degrees.
The storm has been raging for three days.
The speech was well received by the audience.
The soldiers were quartered in an old house near the fort.
The soldiers fell into rank.
The soldier raised the flag.
The shock rendered Tom speechless.
The ship is carrying raw cotton.
The records of our company show a large profit for the year.
The raw materials must be shipped in from abroad.
The rats are ruining all the grain in the barn.
The railroad isn't to blame for the slowness of the mail.
The question of Tom's ability came up.
The quality of Tom's work has improved lately.
The Quakers are a religious people.
The power rests with Tom.
The play will be repeated next week.
The play was rather long.
The patient didn't respond to treatment.
The next meeting will be held at Tom's new residence.
The news was radioed to us.
The movie was quite good.
The house only needs minor repairs.
The dog kept barking at his reflection in the mirror.
The club failed to pass our resolution.
The better quality of cloth is more expensive.
The army rejected Tom because of a physical disability.
The ambassador was recalled.
That's not quite what I wanted.
That was quite an experience we had yesterday.
That was an unkind remark.
Tell me when we reach the city.
Such luxury is beyond my reach.
Silence reigned during the speech.
Shut that door and be quick about it.
Seeing you is a rare treat.
Rest assured that I'll take care of it.
Report for duty Monday morning.
Replace those books on the shelf when you're done with them.
Remove the lamp from the table.
Remember to turn out the lights.
Relief has been sent to the flood sufferers.
Reflect on it a while. You'll see I'm right.
Rake the leaves into piles and we'll burn them.
Quit it!
Put Tom off until I have time to think it over.
Put our bags up on the rack.
Prices range from one to five dollars.
Please sign this receipt.
Please send my regards to your wife.
Please remove your hats.
Please read the instructions.
Please listen to reason.
Please file a written request.
Our relations with our director are excellent.
Our receipts for the month will just pay these expenses.
Our college won't admit Tom until he meets all the requirements.
Only a few drops of rain have fallen.
Not a ray of light could reach the closet.
No one recognized Tom's genius while he was alive.
My watch needs only minor repairs.
My father flew into a rage when he found that out.
Mary reminds me of my mother.
Mary raised five children.
Many new reforms have been brought about recently.
Look what a long reach Tom has.
Limit your remarks to three minutes.
Let's not quarrel about this.
Let the matter rest for a while.
Keep a careful record of all expenses.
Just being in Tom's company is enough to ruin Mary's reputation.
It's rather cold on deck.
It's quite clear that Tom is going to be late.
It's out of the question for me to leave my job.
It's about time the manager was removed.
It's a regular madhouse here.
It's a puzzle to me how such a stupid guy ever got through college.
It was a real pleasure to meet Tom.
It was a race to get to the station on time.
It reads like a fairy tale.
It rained hard during the morning.
Is this the latest model cash register?
Is this seat reserved?
Is this real silk?
Is there regular bus service to the town?
Is there a special rate for this tour?
In what respect is that true?
In that regard, I agree with you.
In one respect, I agree with you.
If you want a ticket, please raise your hand.
If you don't remind me, I'll forget.
If you can't exchange this, I'd like a refund.
If they won't listen to reason, we'll have to resort to force.
I've read somewhere that it's not true.
I've heard a report that you're leaving Boston.
I've been tormented by regret.
I've always regretted not having traveled.
I'm sure Tom will reform.
I'm reminded of an amusing story.
I'm ready to forgive Tom.
I'm quite satisfied with Tom's answer.
I'll try to reason it out.
I'll report on this matter tomorrow.
I'll remember you in my will.
I'll have to resign myself to being alone while you're away.
I'll be ready to go in ten minutes.
I'd rather have ice cream.
I won't be able to remit the balance until the first of the month.
I want to go on record as being against it.
I rented an apartment next to yours.
I refuse to reply to these charges.
I recommend that you take a vote.
I recognized Tom by voice.
I racked my brains for a new idea for an article.
I question the sincerity of Tom's speech.
I prefer to refrain from discussing religion.
I offered Tom a drink of vodka, but he refused it.
I know the reason you said that.
I just got a few interesting books on religion.
I invested all my money and then found out their business was a racket.
I have reason to think that we'll never see Tom again.
I have no regrets for what I've done.
I had a jack, a king and three queens in my hand.
I found Tom very reserved.
I feel quite put out about it.
I ducked just in time to avoid the punch aimed at me.
I don't see any relation between the two problems.
I don't know the introduction, but I can sing the refrain.
I don't have much ready money.
I don't feel well and would rather stay at home today.
I didn't realize you were interested in it.
I didn't realize how serious the situation was.
I didn't know you were related.
I didn't have the strength or resolution to argue with Tom.
I didn't expect such a nasty response to my question.
I copied down several useful references on gardening.
I consider Tom a thoroughly responsible individual.
I can't figure out the reason why Tom did it.
I can refer you to a good book on this subject.
I can give two of my former teachers as references.
I am writing you at the request of a friend.
How long did it take you to recover from your operation?
How large a sum did they raise?
How did Tom respond to that news?
Hold on to the rail while going down these stairs.
Here's your money. Now we're quits.
He's represented us in Congress for years.
Have you signed the register?
Have you read your mail yet?
Have you been invited to the reception?
Have you any references from your other employers?
Have some respect for other people's opinions.
Give my regards to your sister.
Give me a red pencil.
Give me a reading on that meter near the boiler.
Everything in life is relative.
During whose reign was that church built?
Don't you realize your behavior reflects on all of us?
Don't worry. We can remedy the mistake we've made.
Don't try to reform everyone you meet.
Don't repeat what I've told you.
Don't raise your voice above a whisper.
Don't do it if you care for your reputation.
Do you think Tom resembles his mother?
Do you think their wages ought to be raised?
Do you require a deposit?
Do you remember when Tom said that?
Do you like your steak rare?
Do you know the real facts?
Do you have many jazz records?
Do you have a radio here?
Crude oil is refined at this plant.
Complaining won't remedy the situation.
Can you solve these puzzles?
Can you reach the sugar on the top shelf?
Can you quote me a price for the house?
Bring your racket and we'll play some tennis.
Be sure to register the letter.
Be sure to get a receipt when you deliver the package.
At the dance, everyone raved about my gown.
As a last resort, we can stay at my sister's.
After much reflection, I decided not to accept the offer.
A new railroad will soon be laid here.
A little rest would do you a lot of good.
A light rain made the sidewalks wet.
Sparks rained on the street from the burning house.
I congratulate myself.
You've spent time with Marie.
Tom must get up early.
You're a disgrace to this family!
Northern lights appear all year round in Greenland.
What if something went wrong?
We need to get rid of the guards.
I won't leave without you.
He refused to eat his lunch.
She refuses to listen to her mother.
She refused to eat her lunch.
He refuses to listen to his mother.
It was so hot in Australia yesterday that Tom managed to fry an egg on a shovel.
The students acted in an inappropriate manner.
The cold weather is expected to last until the weekend.
Were there any customers while I was gone?
What did you learn at school today?
Party time!
This is what I like about him.
This is what I like about her.
Tom sounded slightly panicked.
This is what I like about you.
A fire broke out on the second floor of the building.
Damage is done.
He's not an unreasonable man.
He's prideful and arrogant.
You're not afraid of me.
Do you think there's a hell?
Tom refused to surrender.
Flunking school is not necessarily a predictor of future success.
Oh, it's cool. I like it.
Where will they take us?
When we remember we are all mad, the mysteries disappear and life stands explained.
She's a fine looking woman.
I told him what you did.
Girls cry more easily than boys.
I told her what you did.
Please, Mary, you can't break up with me!
Please, Tom, you can't break up with me!
Yes, I can break up with you. I just did.
He knocked my books out of my hands!
Tom was a sensitive child and he cried easily.
I have no faith in faith.
There's something that I've been wanting to say to you for a long time.
You could still hear the prompter in the tenth row.
Marie took off.
The public's fascination with organized crime is very disturbing.
I don't understand why people idolize criminals.
A point is that which has no parts.
Where are you traveling to this year?
His mother discreetly kept an eye on the boy.
I'm pretty sure we've got enough petrol to get us home.
Tom led the way and I followed.
I gave the maid the day off.
There's nothing worse than a long-distance relationship.
What a bad film!
Tom met a ballerina in Germany.
I thought he was incredibly handsome.
After the calves are weaned they are moved to the plush river-flats for fattening.
Did you let him kiss you?
He did well in school.
Tom's family has serious money problems.
Mary has a huge crush on Tom.
He caught me staring at him and I blushed.
She stared at her nails.
He said that he really liked me.
Don't be so petty.
I'm buying myself a new umbrella.
Has he proposed some new solution?
Tom screamed and ran out of the room.
I'm sure I never saw her before.
The doctor saved the four people involved in the accident.
Even though he was a school dropout, Tom was later very successful in life.
The important thing is to participate.
Yesterday, I simply couldn't go to work.
What is your citizenship status?
German is the only world language that capitalizes all nouns.
My car didn't start because of the cold.
I don't usually dress like this.
You look absolutely gorgeous.
I love animals.
Do you have any proof?
I heard you enjoy going to the beach.
He's a marine biologist.
How could you do this to us?
How could you do this to us, Tom?
My name is Tom and I'm an addict.
There's no harm in being kissed, is there?
I saw you kiss him. Do not deny it!
He spent countless hours preparing for the test.
She remained a spinster all her life.
All men are brutes.
Tom can read and write.
You are ten times better looking than I am.
Get my horse ready at once!
What have I done to deserve this?
It's a very expensive smartphone.
Tom wants to buy a new smartphone.
Mary has long blonde hair.
I saw Tom driving down the street.
Why won't you talk to me, Tom?
Tom took Mary to an expensive restaurant.
Tom got off the bike and started to run.
Tom jumped out of the car and started to run.
Tom jumped out of a moving car.
Tom jumped into the car and drove away.
You should have stayed in the car.
Tom went shopping for dog food.
Tom has lived here since 2003.
My cat weighs about ten pounds.
Tom stopped at a convenience store to get a drink.
My cat loves milk.
Tom's cat is always waiting at the door when he arrives home.
Tom hasn't been charged.
Tom is jealous of Mary's friends.
Tom was told he would never amount to anything, and he was desperate to prove them wrong.
Tom and Mary have three grown children and two grandchildren.
Tom has been seeing a therapist for a month and a half.
You should see a therapist.
You might need professional help.
I like to visit cemeteries. Is that normal?
I like to visit cemeteries when I travel.
The children are flying kites.
I'm addicted to what I do.
Do you really think you can get away with this?
They don't have to wrap it up.
The climate here is warm for most of the year.
Tom always wanted to be a teacher.
I hope you enjoy reading this book as much as I enjoyed writing it.
He seems like a nitpicker.
I'm stronger than yesterday.
He seems to be a hairsplitter.
Many people did not want to believe that this story was made up.
God protects me from winds and storms.
Many people did not want to believe that this was a fabricated story.
Do you understand what that means?
After a while, I could not help noticing we did not seem to be walking on the path anymore.
The shop won't be open for clients tomorrow.
I closed the door so that they couldn't hear us.
If you jumbled "Tokyo", you could get "Kyoto".
I've just watched a video on how to bake a sumptuous blueberry pie.
The firefighter is talking about the fire.
The fire engine is on its way.
The fire truck is on its way.
Tom is driving to the hospital.
What are you reading these days?
Tom is sitting by the window.
The firefighters are trying to put out the flames.
The firefighters are trying to bring the flames under control.
Tom usually goes to the movies on Friday night.
You should pay more attention to nutrition.
Tom doesn't pay much attention to nutrition.
Tom never goes to sleep before midnight.
"Kyoto" is an anagram of "Tokyo."
Tom doesn't visit his parents anymore.
Does Tom go to the same school as Mary?
Does Tom go to the same school as you?
Tom goes to the same school as Mary.
I went to the same school as Tom.
Does it rain there very often?
How often does it rain in England?
I don't want to work at a fast-food place forever.
I don't have much time for TV.
How often do you watch TV?
My teacher usually gives a lot of homework.
Tom has a job as a taxi driver.
The butcher is cutting the meat.
The butcher is weighing the meat.
We should try that new restaurant downtown.
I know a lot of good restaurants.
The soup needs more garlic.
Taste the soup to see if it needs more garlic.
The new restaurant opened last week.
Mary is busy at the stove.
The sauce needs more chili.
Taste the sauce to see if it needs more chili.
The rice needs more salt.
Taste the rice to see if it needs more salt.
"Do you like spicy food?" "I love it."
Tom never eats spinach.
Since her parents are Japanese, Mary usually speaks Japanese at home.
Since his parents are French, Tom usually speaks French at home.
Tom never wears a tie.
What are you studying this semester?
This is a great way to practice.
I told you to lock the door.
Don't forget to lock the door when you leave.
Come visit us soon.
Tom, call Mary as soon as possible.
How many eggs should I use for an omelet for five people?
Luis Leal was a Mexican-American writer.
Vladimir Nabokov was a Russian-American writer.
Monica Sone was a Japanese-American writer.
Tom lived from to 2013.
I just arrived home from Antarctica.
Tom came to the United States when he was just seven years old.
Tom spent most of his life in the United States.
Tom died at the age of ninety-nine.
I couldn't ask for a better holiday!
Pablo Neruda was Chile's ambassador to France in 1971.
In 1971, Pablo Neruda won the Nobel Prize in literature.
The Wright brothers built their first plane together, but Orville was the one who flew it.
Orville's first flight didn't last very long.
Tom didn't live a long life.
What did you think about the concert?
Tom is learning how to fly.
How hard is learning to fly?
Your parents are just worried about your safety.
Learning to drive requires a lot of practice.
Learning a second language requires a lot of practice.
Learning calculus requires a lot of practice.
Last night I saw a very interesting movie about World War II.
In living through these uncertain times, it is necessary to be flexible and not be a captive to traditional values.
I didn't use to watch so much television.
You shouldn't watch so much television.
Young children shouldn't watch so much television.
Tom spends too much time playing video games.
I do not want to argue with you.
She reluctantly went by herself.
The threat of terrorism has marred the lead up to the Winter Olympics.
I must admit that it was my fault.
From one extreme to another.
How long have you stayed in Caracas?
Violent clashes broke out between the protesters and the police.
He opened his eyes and looked at me.
The proletarians have nothing to lose but their chains.
I didn't even know about that ship until I got back.
I was not prepared for this scene.
I am a Christian woman.
I am a Christian girl.
Creativity is everywhere.
He lied by intent.
The problem is that I don't remember where I've parked my car.
Mary practices rhythmic gymnastics.
Mary can do the splits.
He was lying by intent.
You should smile sometimes.
Not all philosophers consider the endlessness of the Universe to be true.
The more people believe in some theory, the more is the probability that it's false. He who is right is alone in most cases.
We should tell the children how to defend oneself.
Creaking cars reach the furthest.
A clever husband reads his wife's thoughts, but doesn't try to understand them.
We'll meet her tomorrow at the station.
You were cheated.
Why did he buy another car?
Now I've got some time.
In Esperanto a stress falls on the penultimate syllable.
I'm not as slim as my older sister.
I'm sure Tom can speak French.
There weren't any other elephants around.
Most students can speak English.
He speaks neither English nor French.
Impossible things happen that we can't understand. They're completely unimaginable.
Are you nuts or what?
Cum was pouring, there was a lot of cum.
- Go to work, scour the shit. - Screw you!
How will I scour with a fork?
Ripe bananas are yellow.
I'm fed up with waiting for you.
Where's the key? Ah, you have it.
People of the world, how do you spend the last day of the old year? Here, on Caroline Island, we met the new year a little earlier than you did.
We should get away from here.
We felt at home.
I'll be happy if you propose a better wording.
The new year is coming with long strides.
I hope you agree with this translation.
Won't you be so kind to tell me why?
"Why aren't you going?" "Because I don't want."
I see through you.
I knew you liked that action.
You seem very knowledgeable about that.
Several ships are stuck in sea ice in Antarctica.
He injured himself with a knife yesterday.
How dashing!
Witches and sorcerers can make use of magic to make impossible things happen.
He contributed to the common good.
He is the tallest person in the world.
It's getting beyond a joke!
This year I most definitely have to drive.
There's plenty of time.
It's my secret garden.
When will his wedding be held?
When will your wedding be held?
"Fool!" - "From a fool I am hearing this!"
A fool that considers himself smart is worse than any other fool.
There is no worse fool, than an old fool.
From any point of view, a fool is still merely a fool.
It's a small burg.
How can I improve my English skill?
Mary lost her favorite pen.
It only happens once every years.
I'll take care of the horses.
Tom was full of remorse after stealing Mary's car and writing it off.
We have bigger things to worry about.
It's been over a year since the accident.
There's not much to tell.
That sounds about right.
I love you more than yesterday and less than tomorrow.
He's clever and resourceful.
After thoroughly examining Mary, the doctor could find no physical reason for her condition, and concluded that the cause was psychosomatic.
Tom's beer froze because of the cold.
Beware of frostbite!
After experiencing several acute psychotic episodes, Mary was admitted to a mental institution.
My dog is an Alaskan malamute, not a husky.
Huskies love cold weather.
I am fully aware of Tom's activities.
I'm not questioning your competence.
Some dogs love being outdoor.
She is fighting for the liberation of the oppressed natives.
There are only three days left.
Maybe that's just what he wants you to believe.
He's manipulating you!
We don't have time to argue about this.
Last time he told me he'd lend me that book the next day.
He didn't go to study because of his disease.
He's not quite satisfied.
I wish things could have been different.
He's having dinner now.
I didn't realize the importance of that problem.
Tom got in a burning car and burned.
This amulet brings me luck.
Mary is a manipulative control freak.
Control freaks usually make people around them very unhappy.
He's a victim of his own success.
She's a victim of her own success.
Does your wife know?
There's only one explanation.
There's only one possible explanation.
You should have thought of that before you got her pregnant.
I'm ambivalent about the itinerary for our overseas trip which my brother has drawn up.
I've got very bad genes. Seven out of ten siblings of my grandparents died of cancer, including themselves. Three of four siblings of my parents died of the same. My only sibling, Tom, developed lung cancer a year ago. I can't help thinking when my turn is.
I invested my money in a bank.
The first time I ever connected to the Internet was in the country.
The cook will get a thou, while mister schoolboy will get a beating.
Chewing gum is a sweet which is made of rubber.
It's a thing which you use when you watch films.
They don't seem to be very pleased.
"Well, what are you waiting for? Construct additional pylons!" "There is not enough minerals." "Then we've got to find the minerals."
This is an extremely good deal for students or business people who travel and want a light laptop.
I deserve a bigger salary for this.
The company should give back something in return for this service.
They never take back their cups at the end of the day.
We don't leave the office every half an hour for a cigarette.
This saves time correcting everything later.
I take up less office space than other employees.
They should give me the right amount to buy a big car.
They earn enough money in one week to buy a house.
Quite the contrary, I'm the one who must ask for forgiveness.
A new study shows that everything we thought we knew up to now, is wrong.
The future belongs to God.
The time has come to admit that hard work and hope are no substitute for actual knowledge.
Can he swim? Sure! Tom was the best swimmer of our class, and knowing him I don't think he lost a bit of his skill.
The history of some words is a real masterpiece. For instance, kaput. The original word was the Latin "caput" - "a head"; and the way from "a head" to "the end of everything" is rather long.
I just gave my viewpoint, why are you attacking me like this?
Driver fatigue is a major cause of car accidents.
Tom couldn't get his car insured because he had had six accidents in three years, all of which had been his fault.
He's keen on sports.
My pain is excruciating.
One day I added a sentence in Esperanto and someone told me it wasn't what a native speaker would say.
The English articles are bread-and-butter important. For instance, if I ask my English friend to hold my bag for a while, and then ask to give it back by saying "Give me bag", he'll probably steal the bag of the man standing around because he didn't understand which bag was meant.
One more word, and you're dead!
He was all soaking wet from top to toe.
Don't listen to him, Mary. He fooled the poor girl all the way, that rascal!
At least you slept.
So, my enemy, I won't let you attempt on the holy of holies of my heart, you will pay for it, I promise.
You do know it makes no sense.
I recommend this movie to one and all.
He imparted all his knowledge to his son.
To my surprise, since Tatoeba has been back up, nobody has made any corrections to my sentences. Either my English has rapidly improved and I now produce good sentences only, which is way doubtful, or the users have simply decided to leave me alone and let me write whatever comes to my mind.
Today's young literary enthusiasts are afraid of becoming sentimental. This may be because it is a way that one's heart may be hurt.
I have to recognize the source of your quotations.
Everything is ruined because of you.
I miss you like the deserts miss the rain.
My whole body is black and blue.
I recommend this movie to all and sundry. It is genuinely interesting.
I don't even know how to respond to that.
She ran the risk of having an accident.
I knew that you would check this sentence very carefully.
She wasn't your sister.
The strong wind knocked our garbage bin over.
He'd be the last one to disappoint you.
He made his fortune dealing in illegal weapons.
The moon turns the roofs in the village to silver.
A good horse does not graze where it has trodden.
I stay until midday.
Last year there was a lot of snow.
Before astronomers had telescopes, they could only use quadrants to map objects in the sky.
How often does it rain in Boston?
How often does it rain here?
How long have you been in Boston?
How long have you been here in Boston?
I wish I didn't have to tell you this.
This is a little difficult for me to say.
This is hard for me to say.
Unfortunately, I'm late.
Alas, I was late.
She gets up at six.
Let me admire you.
My mother has taught me not to waste money.
How much does a bunch of grapes cost?
I want to do my best to help Tom.
I want you to start right now.
Who's the tallest of the five?
I've had a coffee.
Using Tatoeba you can learn languages.
Let's play quidditch.
By the way, if you translate from Japanese, avoid unowned sentences - there are very many unnatural and just incorrect sentences among them.
Why is it so?
How do we draw this conclusion?
A bomb from the time of World War II has exploded at a building site in Germany, killing at least one person.
Tom wants to go out for a walk.
Tom wants to go for a walk.
Tom wants to stay.
Prediction is very difficult, especially about the future.
Tom is obviously a fan of Star Trek.
Mary exchanged her camera for a guitar.
She locked herself in the bathroom and howled.
I hope you have a speedy recovery.
Tom had a raspy cough, the result of years of heavy smoking.
I need to explain a few things.
This mission is highly secret and extremely dangerous.
You're taking this too personally.
What will life be like in 2014?
It's snowing on the streets.
We should wait for help.
I don't know if this is the right thing to do or not.
I hope nobody got hurt.
I need a key to open a box.
How long will the repairs take?
Thanks for the offer, though.
Consider it a gift.
Tom, you're a genius!
There's nothing to be proud of.
That's nothing to be proud of.
Mary passed away peacefully at the weekend, after a long battle with ill health.
With the benefit of hindsight, we can see things which should have been done differently, or not at all.
Tom stirred the soup with a spoon.
The first half of the story is set in Boston.
Could you take a photo of me?
We like people who bravely tell us what they think, as long as they think the same what we think.
We like people who say straight out what they think, if they think the same as us.
I'm a cheerful and nice guy.
I always wanted a tree house.
Do you let your dog run free or do you walk him on a lead?
I'll try to contact Tom by phone, but he's likely to have already left by now.
Mary could generally tell when Tom was lying, because he couldn't help but grin mischievously.
I don't salute their flag.
I don't salute your flag.
To her, the atmosphere of Tokyo was always dry, rough, and completely uninteresting.
I'm not training your officers.
I don't want to let you go.
How much did you get for it?
The result doesn't change.
I'm not wiping your tables.
If you don't feel like it, go home! Otherwise you're just standing in the way.
This boys got my head tied in knots with all his games.
Do your parents know that you're out?
Do your parents know that you're pregnant?
Do your parents know that you're here?
Such a person is not interesting.
The landscape was bathed by the warmth of the sun.
I think videogames are warping our kids minds.
The sun shone on Tom through the branches.
While Tom was looking through the window, a shooting star fell from the sky.
Take a chance on me!
I'm leaving because I don't want to keep standing around.
Where's the key? Ah, you found it.
He's a typical workhorse.
The horse never refuses to gallop to its stall.
Tom gave up smoking.
The results of the survey will be announced at the appropriate time.
Official business is never urgent.
Sadly, my father no longer belongs to the group.
I didn't know why I wasn't supposed to visit that part of the city.
The first explorers navigated by the stars.
So, you do admit that you've lied, right?
Tom was skiing.
Tom was skiing very fast before the accident.
Tom was skiing down a mountain.
Tom broke his leg in a ski race.
Tom broke his leg in a ski race in 2005, but was skiing again in less than three months.
"What happened to your leg?" "I was skiing and I fell."
"Did it hurt when you fell?" "You bet."
Where was skiing invented?
Tom was skiing with his father when the accident happened.
Tom went skiing alone.
Tom usually goes skiing for winter vacation.
Skiing is my passion.
The accident happened while I was skiing at Copper Mountain, Colorado.
Tom made an important discovery.
There's no need to worry about anything.
Let's go together please. If you don't come, I'll stay at home.
Tom had a bad headache last night.
Tom had a bad dream last night.
Tom had a bad night last night.
Tom had very little sleep last night.
I had a very bad dream last night.
I had a really bad nightmare last night.
Tom read the whole book from beginning to end.
Tom read the whole Bible from beginning to end.
Tom read the whole article from beginning to end.
Have you read the whole paper from beginning to end?
You don't have to read the whole thing from beginning to end.
Tom was reading your paper last night, but I don't know if he finished it.
Your answer is incorrect.
Your answer is still incorrect.
Tom is watching an ice-skating competition on TV.
I don't read as many books as I used to.
Are you a dog guy or a cat guy?
A one-way ticket to Birmingham, please.
You are so tall!
Several paddleboarders were swept out to sea in wild weather, and had to be rescued by the coast guard.
I can head out tomorrow.
They only sell women's shoes here.
All of the words in this dictionary are important.
I don't like this tie. Show me another one.
How much does this tie cost?
I can see just as well as you can.
I can manage that on my own.
I can hardly stand it.
I can hear a saxophone somewhere.
Chess helps improve reading and concentration.
I want to go to the store.
I've been trying to reach Tom for hours already, but his line is constantly busy.
No matter what you say, I hate you!
Did Tom have any enemies?
Did you let Tom kiss you?
I told Tom what you did.
Mary is a good-looking woman.
Tom is a good-looking man.
Tom never wrote back to Mary.
They say golf is like life, but don't believe them. Golf is more complicated than that.
After putting on so much weight, Tom couldn't fit into his suit to wear to Mary's funeral.
I never thought I'd see you alive again.
I've never heard of him before.
Who the hell is Tom? I have never heard of him before.
"Who is this Tom?" "He's a charming young man I met a few days ago."
Which way did he go?
Which way did she go?
Her expectations are too high.
She's too picky.
She has been single for a while.
Okay, you caught me.
This has gone far enough.
Don't you think this has gone far enough?
Tom! Can I get some privacy?
You should have killed me when you had the chance.
What are you sorry about?
There must be a scientific explanation for this.
They bought a macaw.
You bought a macaw.
Tom is too picky.
Tom is too nosey.
Tom's expectations were too high.
Tom spends too much time playing games.
Let's get dancing.
I'll never come.
We never met.
I saw that movie on Saturday.
I saw that film on Saturday.
Let's get ready for Saturday.
She's a good kisser.
I think I need both of these.
They're indecisive. They don't know what they want.
Your end is near.
I slept and dreamt that life was joy. I awoke and saw that life was service. I acted and behold, service was joy.
If you shut the door to all errors, truth will be shut out.
A mind all logic is like a knife all blade. It makes the hand bleed that uses it.
Death is not extinguishing the light; it is only putting out the lamp because the dawn has come.
He is on the verge of a nervous breakdown.
Every child comes with the message that God is not yet discouraged of man.
From the solemn gloom of the temple children run out to sit in the dust, God watches them play and forgets the priest.
We're sorry we've kept you waiting.
Music fills the infinite between two souls.
My heart, the bird of the wilderness, has found its sky in your eyes.
You're a teacher.
He is a very good doctor.
I prefer to not talk about it.
By plucking her petals, you do not gather the beauty of the flower.
In this playhouse of infinite forms I have had my play, and here have I caught sight of him that is formless.
It is very simple to be happy, but it is very difficult to be simple.
Only in love are unity and duality not in conflict.
Let life be as beautiful as summer flowers. And death as beautiful as autumn leaves.
I could agree with you, but then we'd both be wrong.
I take pride in what I do.
I've had a good time so far.
I can carry my own weight.
I haven't had so much fun since our first date.
God waits to win back his own flowers as gifts from man's hands.
He grinned sheepishly.
Tom marshaled his courage and talked to Mary.
She admired her reflection in the mirror.
Tom is a coward. He ran from the battle.
Men are cruel, but Man is kind.
What is this treachery?
You saved my hide.
There is nothing we can do to bring him back.
Are you deaf or stupid?
God respects me when I work; but God loves me when I sing.
I won't get in the way.
He started it!
"She started it!" "No, you did!"
The prisoners are escaping!
Life's aspirations come in the guise of children.
The fish in the water is silent, the animal on the earth is noisy, the bird in the air is singing. But Man has in him the silence of the sea, the noise of the earth and the music of the air.
I wish I'd never stepped foot in this house!
I think you've got me confused with someone else.
Praise shames me, for I secretly beg for it.
No one seems to know what happened to him.
He's very secretive.
This photo was the last time we were together.
The earthquake caused a catastrophe greater than any the country had ever known.
He took over responsibility for his father's project.
He assumed responsibility for his father's project.
Are you listening closely?
Tom is very secretive.
You'd be better off following my advice.
She was too short to look over the wall.
He drives a light truck.
I generally don't make mistakes.
I didn't want to humiliate you.
That wasn't so hard to admit, was it?
Tom had his black knitted hat pulled far down.
I don't want him to see it.
I don't want her to see it.
Luck had nothing to do with it.
He's so good looking!
She's very insecure about her looks.
That's just my personal opinion.
This is just my personal opinion.
Is there some sort of catch?
Don't be such a sentimental idiot.
Do we have to do this every day?
There's been a change of plans.
He looked miserable.
He's a good judge of character.
Mary says that she can't fall asleep without her favorite stuffed animal.
They quickly became best friends.
She must be his girlfriend.
She combed her hair with her fingers.
I know that you and Tom are friends.
He asked me if he could kiss me.
Do you like my new clothes?
Just tell me what happened next.
He asked me if he could hold my hand.
I know this place is haunted.
I think that Tom has a thing for you.
Tell me what's on your mind.
"I know how you really feel." "No, you don't!"
I know you're in there.
This time, you've crossed the line!
Tom! Answer me! I know you're in there, and I know you can hear me.
Why do you need so many clothes?
I don't know why I agreed to go in the first place.
This is only a temporary setback.
It must have been very difficult for you.
Tom, there is something you should know about me.
I bought it in Paris last month.
"It's very pretty." "I bought it in Japan."
She's obsessed with books.
Obesity is considered by far the most serious health issue facing the developed world.
The streets were empty and quiet.
Tears rose in her eyes.
I have a lot to learn from you.
I miss talking with you.
How come you know so much about Tatoeba?
How come you know so much about Tom?
I have been and always shall be your friend.
It's good manners for a boy to ask a girl if he can kiss her.
Mary did not want to get married.
Did you come here to argue?
She deserves better.
He deserves better.
Tom asked me if he could hold my hand.
Tom asked Mary if he could hold her hand.
Tom looks like he's having a bad day.
Tom looks like he's enjoying himself.
Tom looks like he's having a good time.
Tom looked like he was enjoying himself.
Tom had to drop out from college because he couldn't afford tuition.
We ought at least, for prudence, never to speak of ourselves, because that is a subject on which we may be sure that other people's views are never in accordance with our own.
The murder scene was still a hive of police activity several days after the man's body had been discovered.
Forensics officers and criminal investigations detectives continued to work at the cordoned-off unit and its surrounds.
Tom is the richest man in the universe.
Tom didn't want to get married.
Tom didn't want to get married again.
Didnt I tell you its our mathematics teacher who invited the physics scientist to their classroom?
The children were messing around with the dog.
What has caused this tumult?
She had already said goodbye shortly before.
Their plans have gone awry.
I had arrived in Italy without difficulty.
The king inspires awe.
There was obviously no other way.
This clock is rarely rung.
The main reason was that he had too little time for it.
He didn't dare to show himself there anymore.
I didn't dare to look.
Do you know how to wield an epee?
Do you know how to wield an pe?
Saddle my horse.
He doesn't have the ability to lead that group.
He doesn't have the ability to manage that group.
Hello all!
Support Tatoeba!
All that is not given is lost.
We are hidden in ourselves, like a truth hidden in isolated facts. When we know that this One in us is One in all, then our truth is revealed.
It is folly to buy things you don't really feel the need for, since you'll end up neglecting them and eventually realise you wasted money.
He is always smoking.
I don't want to mess around.
I would help you if you were in trouble.
You refused to pay.
The new album's ready?
Are you some kind of good luck charm?
Why the hell would she do that?
Why the hell would he do that?
Oh, I have a plethora of choice words for that individual!
We're in Italy.
What about Portugal?
You will be ignored.
I didn't know it existed.
You misunderstood the sentence.
What about your cousin?
Can she come, too?
Can he come too?
I read this article yesterday.
Peter O'Toole is my favorite actor.
You are well educated.
The Council slaves whipped him with their hippopotamus hide whips.
The Acropolis' staircase had steps.
Everyone had recognized him.
The light blinded him. He stood still for a few moments.
The feast was to last all night.
The crowd filled the streets.
There was in the centre of the circle, a column made out of copper that supported a crystal egg. And because the sun shone on it, rays of light shot from all sides of the egg.
He would be tied to a tree, and a monkey, placed behind him, would hit him on the head with a rock.
It had first been suggested that he be skinned alive, that lead be poured into his entrails and that he be let to starve.
I lost myself, as I usually do when I'm in a conversation.
I work in Central Park every morning starting at six.
Tolstoy said that true friends must trust each other.
I'd like to get another coffee mug.
He raced down the street.
I hope Tom will be understanding.
The price of these shoes has been reduced.
The entire world is a very narrow bridge. The important thing is to fear nothing.
I just wanted to calm Tom down.
I keep all my old pictures in the attic in a wooden box.
I still ask myself that question.
I still ask myself that same question.
This problem is very simple.
I wrote a letter to Mary.
I'll write a letter to Mary.
I'm writing a letter to Mary.
Would you really recommend it?
You need not aspire for or get any new state. Get rid of your present thoughts, that is all.
Mother Nature is beautiful.
Is there any mail for me today?
That suit is too good for me.
From our monthly revenue, we should deduct the costs of food, rent, clothing, transportation etc.
How long have I been asleep?
It's nice and warm in here.
What are you doing here so early?
I love being right.
Tom has no sick pay, no paid vacation and no paid overtime.
Employers are not required to give their employees paid sick leave.
Employers cannot refuse to hire workers because of their race, religion, ethnic origin, skin colour, sex, age, marital status, disability or sexual orientation.
The United States is the only highly developed nation that does not require employers to provide paid vacation time.
You're just going to have to get used to it.
The employees want to form a union.
That makes me really sad.
Things got a little out of hand.
Every spirit makes its house, and we can give a shrewd guess from the house to the inhabitant.
Every wall is a door.
Fiction reveals truth that reality obscures.
For every minute you remain angry, you give up sixty seconds of peace of mind.
Getting old is a fascination thing. The older you get, the older you want to get.
It is a fact often observed, that men have written good verses under the inspiration of passion, who cannot write well under other circumstances.
I eat sunflower seeds all day.
I thought her boobs were bigger.
It is not length of life, but depth of life.
It is one of the beautiful compensations in this life that no one can sincerely try to help another without helping himself.
It is said that the world is in a state of bankruptcy, that the world owes to the world more than the world can pay.
Let us be silent, that we may hear the whispers of the gods.
Little minds have little worries, big minds have no time for worries.
Who's the photographer?
Who is the photographer?
Who's excited?
Nature and books belong to the eyes that see them.
Sorry, I didn't read your comment until now.
The world tolerates conceit from those who are successful, but not from anybody else.
This river forms the boundary between the two prefectures.
If you manage to translate this sentence without visualizing pink elephants dancing in bikinis, you win a cookie.
No one is more humble than I.
Now where did I park the batmobile?
He ought to put his mind to something more useful.
Frequently repeated elaborate lies that seem too out there to be true, still triumph over vastly simpler and more intuitive truths.
The secret to creativity is knowing how to hide your sources.
Donald Duck, Mickey Mouse, and Goofy went camping in the mountains.
Slartibartfast's favorite creation was the fjords of Norway.
I finally pulled myself together and made a Herculean effort to improve my sock situation: I bought pairs of identical black socks, and threw away my old ones.
I am too easily distracted by numerous forms of vapid entertainment to ever amount to anything.
It may be a lie that the young are made to believe they can do anything they like; achieve anything; become anything, because by definition we cannot all be extraordinary. Yet, it may be productive to instill in children the hope and will to strive to become their best.
The fairest thing we can experience is the mysterious. It is the fundamental emotion which stands at the cradle of true art and science. He who knows it not and can no longer wonder, no longer feel amazement, is as good as dead, a snuffed-out candle.
Thanks for adding me to your list of friends.
My contribution was ignored in the discussion.
Tom was like a brother to me.
Tom tried desperately to get Mary's attention.
Tom seems like a very nice person.
Tom seems like a very capable man.
Tom seems like a really nice person.
Tom seems like a really nice guy.
Tom knows how to swim like a fish.
Tom has a low tolerance for pain.
How do you like your job, Tom?
How do you like my new hat?
The boys' room is on the right, and the girls' room is on the left.
There isn't anyone who knows everything from the outset.
Tom speaks beautiful French, without any accent.
The moon is in the sky.
The moon is in the heavens.
I don't think I can apply for a job anywhere. I'm too old.
I was saved as if by a miracle.
Tom is a very private man.
Even more than ten years after her death, Tom dreamt of Mary almost every night.
To one who has faith, no explanation is necessary. To one without faith, no explanation is possible.
The inexorable force of the waves crashing against the shore over millenia, caused a huge section of the headland to fall into the sea.
A ruler is a flat, rectangular measuring or drawing device with graduations in units of measurement.
Each person forges his or her own fortune.
You'll take care of that.
Our best thoughts come from others.
Onions can be used in many dishes.
The spinal column is composed of twenty-four bones.
We will conclude our overview, however, with a positive example.
Will you be quiet?
This book implements a new system of instruction.
She will join us later.
I thought I'd never see you alive again.
Tom will join us later.
Tom told me that he'll join us later.
I hope to see you next time.
I am so sorry I missed you guys when you came to Minneapolis.
Where's the beard?
They're a great band and deserve the cash.
I believe I understand.
I'm still crying.
It's raining hard outside.
It was raining hard in New York.
It was raining hard when Tom arrived at Mary's house.
Tom arrived at Mary's house in the middle of the night.
Tom arrived at Mary's house in the middle of the afternoon.
Tom was looking for Mary, but it was raining hard and he didn't see her.
"Are your parents home?" "Only my dad."
Tom arrived at Mary's house about pm.
"Are we going to stay here?" "I don't see why not."
If the lights go out, light a candle.
When the lights went out, Tom lit a candle.
You shouldn't have opened Tom's letter.
You shouldn't have read Tom's letter.
When the letter arrived, I opened it.
When the letter arrived, I read it.
Tom was sleeping when the doorbell rang.
Tom was sleeping when Mary rang the doorbell.
I forgot to lock the front door.
People only see what they are prepared to see.
You really are desperate.
You really have no hope.
The police officers have stopped me many times.
The decision is in your hands.
Character is what makes the difference.
How should one prepare for a trip to a foreign country?
How should I prepare for a trip to a foreign country?
I ran into Bernard yesterday in a restaurant.
Tom managed to escape.
Obey your father.
Summer vacation always equals idleness and relaxation.
We'll get in touch with you as soon as possible.
We'll contact you as soon as we can.
I'm not in control of the situation. Nothing is happening the way I expected.
The situation has gotten out of my control. Nothing is going as expected.
These days, many vineyard owners use a machine for harvesting, but when it comes to champagne, the harvest must be done by hand.
John ran like crazy to the train station to catch the last train.
That's my most secret ambition!
I'm shy, but I take care of myself.
The future of mankind rests in your hands.
I was looking for Tom, but Tom found me first.
She loves him devotedly.
You're sure it's impossible?
Are you sure it's impossible?
We know little about his personal life.
We don't know much about his personal life.
We don't know much about her personal life.
We know little about her personal life.
She patted herself on the back.
It's so bitter.
How many students are there in the school?
How many students are in the school?
What do I need to pay for that suit?
Tom? What does he have to do with this?
You could learn a few things from her.
You could learn a few things from Tom.
It has sentimental value.
Tom gave me a black eye.
Come on, you can have a swim in my pool.
I was looking for Tom, but he found me first.
We'll have to make do with what we have.
Do you mind if I join in?
I didn't have the heart to tell him.
I didn't have the heart to tell her.
Tatoeba is so fast! I can't believe it!
If you've got a problem with Tom, you've got a problem with me!
They thought I was asleep.
They took everything I had.
Use what language you will, you can never say anything but what you are.
They fight constantly.
Tom and Mary fight constantly.
I'm not certain Tom is the one I need to worry about.
It doesn't even make sense.
What's not to like?
Why are you siding with her?
Why are you siding with him?
Why are you siding with Tom?
Tom really likes this sentence.
He might be able to help us.
She might be able to help us.
They might be able to help us.
Tom might be able to help us.
Tom might be able to help me.
He might be able to help me.
She might be able to help me.
They might be able to help me.
He might be able to help you.
She might be able to help you.
They might be able to help you.
Those people might be able to help us.
The bus never came.
He never came.
She never came.
We are always getting ready to live but never living.
This horse is on its last legs.
I may be able to help you.
Perhaps I can help you.
Call me if you need anything.
I meant no disrespect.
What we seek we shall find; what we flee from flees from us.
I told you it wasn't him.
I told you it wasn't her.
Are we really in 2014?
Listening to this song makes me want to dance.
Mary was subjected to persistent bullying and harassment at work.
On the bottle it says that I should consult my doctor if symptoms persist.
Tom's abrupt manner puts a lot of people off.
Tom was told to put up or shut up.
Trees are plants.
I'm the one who should be thanking you.
She became infatuated with a German soccer player.
I am a Japanese woman.
I ate as little as possible.
I visited him on a warm May afternoon.
My favorite German band is Juli.
Vote with your wallet.
Relax your mind.
I wanted to finish reading that book, but I found it impossible.
I'm just a twenty-something in search of something that doesn't exist.
Thanks for the good advice.
I just took a shit.
This movie is terrible.
I think this is too expensive.
I'm not going to do to you what you want me to do.
Tom was caught stealing money from the cash register.
I'm starting to love this picture!
We hope to have another festival date for you today.
Tom's feelings were not reciprocated.
I'm just keeping company with Mr.Kimura as a friend.
Tom takes a bath almost every evening.
I'll tell you (this) as a doctor.
I'm using this room as a storeroom.
Mr.Tanaka was hired as a salesman.
Though we travel the world over to find the beautiful, we must carry it with us or we find it not.
Union representatives remained tight-lipped about their negotiations with management.
Tom had the skill set required to successfully do the job.
Last night provided a good opportunity to see a meteor shower.
I just don't think I'm successful enough.
I asked Tom if he was cold, but he shook his head.
Denial is just a river in Egypt.
I asked Tom if he had a cold, but he shook his head.
Chinese firms have embarked on a quest to conquer the world market.
When Tom lost his job, he couldn't keep up his mortgage repayments and he was threatened with foreclosure.
I am usually lean yet right now I am fat.
I found the money.
I found some money.
I found some money on the way home from school today.
I found the money that Tom had lost.
I'm usually in pretty good shape, but now I'm a little overweight.
The man is under the tree.
The woman is not beautiful.
He doesn't shave his legs.
Dublin is the capital of Ireland.
Dublin is an Irish town.
Dublin is a wonderful town.
Dublin is a splendid town.
I live in Dublin right now.
That's the ugliest snowman I've ever seen.
Where's Dublin?
Dublin is in Ireland.
Dublin is my favorite town.
Dublin is my favourite town.
Have you already eaten?
Zero, ten, one hundred, one thousand, one million, one billion.
This hat is from Australia.
These boots are from Australia.
Where is Tehran?
Tehran is in Iran.
Win as if you were used to it, lose as if you enjoyed it for a change.
I hope you get better soon.
I'm so sorry I suggested that you should go to the doctor.
I hoped they would make it better and not worse.
With the past, I have nothing to do; nor with the future. I live now.
Tonight it's your turn.
We are all so fucking pumped!
The king ruled on the island.
He has over a million dollars in assets.
Tomorrow I'll come to Tehran.
Where's Tehran?
Tehran is an Iranian town.
Tehran is a very beautiful town.
Tehran is the biggest town of Iran.
Iran condemned the attacks of Israel against Syria.
Let me never fall into the vulgar mistake of dreaming that I am persecuted whenever I am contradicted.
I want to go to Tehran.
Tehran is my favorite town.
Tehran is my favourite town.
Thank God this week is over!
There are only four hundred demonstrators in the square.
Are you in the square?
There is properly no history; only biography.
Have a safe trip to China!
I've almost finished listening to the album.
You must have your nails done by a specialist.
What beer are you drinking?
We hope you are having a great night.
We hope you're having a great night.
I know it's bad.
Her father approved of his plan.
His father approved of her plan.
Her father approved of her plan.
I'm sure I won't be disappointed.
According to his information, the police will not deliver any criminal charges in connection with the event.
Tom speaks better French than Mary.
He is a counterfeiter.
That was a mediocre movie with mediocre actors.
You can have mediocre results now, or outstanding results later.
We are only people, not gods.
And who would not have done the same?
It is too good of an opportunity to miss.
He closed the door and went to the top.
There was nowhere to buy food.
He must come.
Here is some water.
She is the prime minister of Finland.
You won?
This amulet brings me good luck.
I wish we had a car.
Is that the station?
Although she is rich, she is not happy.
Robert occasionally visits me.
I'm living proof that death can be overcome.
I would like to learn your language.
I don't speak Arabic very well.
The bear ate an apple.
Nefertari was Ramses II's first wife.
My dog follows me whenever I leave the room.
Tom acted as if he heard nothing.
Give me something to write.
It's difficult to get out of bed on cold mornings.
There are more girls than boys at our school.
I need to set my watch to two minutes faster.
He was forced to work.
I don't speak French fluently.
I drank coffee.
I burned the newspaper.
Even though his phone was obviously ringing, Tom left it on the table and didn't answer it.
I don't have any brothers or sisters.
Won't you please stay a little bit longer?
Won't you stay a little bit longer?
Please stay a little longer.
I'd like to have the translation of this song.
If you advise me to change the sentence, I'll do it.
Apples are usually green, yellow, or red.
Where is a Japanese restaurant?
Where is a kosher restaurant?
This is the woman I told you about.
This is the man I told you about.
Where is a halal restaurant?
Where is an American restaurant?
Where is a vegetarian restaurant?
I get chapped lips every winter.
He who doesn't know foreign languages, doesn't know his own.
Tom always sleeps hugging his teddy bear.
So where are you girls going?
So where are you guys going?
How are you feeling now?
My lips often get chapped in the winter.
Tom almost always falls to sleep at night hugging his teddy bear.
It's not too late to call this off.
Tom was preparing breakfast.
It seems that Tom only eats fruits and vegetables.
Tom and Mary invited John to their party.
This is about all I can put up with.
There is no limit to human desire.
Do you know why Tom is absent from school?
You aren't afraid of me, are you?
I know you like to travel, Tom.
Are you, by any chance, afraid of me?
The pain is excruciating.
Tom is having trouble dealing with the pain.
Tom is in extreme pain.
Because of the snow, I couldn't see anything.
I went out for a walk.
Are you, by any chance, scared of me?
Nowadays, the majority of European countries is ruled by social democrats, but there is a noticeable increase of right-wing extremism.
When is the next bus to Boston?
When is the last bus to Boston?
Everyone knows that by far the happiest and universally enjoyable age of man is the first. What is there about babies which makes us hug and kiss and fondle them, so that even an enemy would give them help at that age?
Humility is truth.
Sprinkle sugar on when they are baked.
The man is not young.
This new chair is lavender-blue.
How afraid I was!
The desire to write grows with writing.
When they returned from fishing, or from wherever they had been, they were wont to sing a hymn.
I often used to eat pizza.
I don't buy ties anymore, because I don't need any more ties.
When I get a little money I buy books; and if any is left I buy food and clothes.
Tom has an extensive vegetable garden, and rarely needs to buy vegetables during the growing season.
Your library is your paradise.
For what is life but a play in which everyone acts a part until the curtain comes down?
There is nothing I congratulate myself on more heartily than on never having joined a sect.
The summit of happiness is reached when a person is ready to be what he is.
I said that he should not have anything.
Above this the rest of the house is generally made of wood.
I'll go to Ireland.
You'll go to Ireland.
He'll go to Ireland.
She'll go to Ireland.
We'll go to Ireland.
I noticed that all day long men were working on the quayside.
They'll go to Ireland.
You're learning Irish.
It is a sneaking piece of cowardice for Authors to put feigned names to their works, as if like Bastards of their Brain they were afraid to own them.
The building is tall.
You are hiding it from Eric as well, so that he won't get to know anything.
The water is clean.
The coriander has a very characteristic smell.
The water of the lake is very hot.
The coffee is hot.
The coffee is very hot.
That was a masterpiece they often talked about.
I love the genuine smiles!
Many people were there, I didn't know.
Read first the best books. The important thing for you is not how much you know, but the quality of what you know.
The ballon burst.
It's a marvelous thing to do a play with him.
It's a marvelous thing to do a play with you.
He is young and ambitious.
I know these people.
This book has been translated into more than fifty languages.
She likes a tiger.
She likes tigers.
You like tigers.
You like a tiger.
Where can you find a defibrillator?
This hospital owns many defibrillators.
Would you like to play a game of Japanese chess?
How I have missed you!
She's on a diet because she is a little overweight.
I know that you're the editor of a popular scientific magazine.
My knowledge of French is still very limited, but I'm keen to learn.
My girlfriend often says "Whoever eats enough, has already eaten too much."
You're right, there's a lot to do. Let's get started then!
Readers later come to know that Den is a cyborg that has refused to obey its master's orders.
I was happy that for the first time in a while, I got to talk with someone I had missed.
Alcohol and other substance abuse is plaguing our society at the moment.
"Are you going on holiday by yourself?" "No, my problems are coming with me."
Plenty of friendships are sustainable through dinners and lunches, but will not stand a week away. So be careful who you go on holiday with.
As I will take a vacation anyways, I would prefer to take my vacation in full immediately so that I can have sufficient time to visit all the capitals of Europe.
The wine was very expensive, but even so he wanted to buy it.
If you do that for me, I'll be in your debt.
I told you Tom would help us out.
I'll put in a good word for you.
What can you tell me about Tom?
I don't have a lot of time. Can you take care of it?
The work is very dangerous.
The cold seeped into her bones.
Well done, my friends.
Well done, my friend.
You are so wrong it hurts.
Where did you learn to do this?
I didn't expect you home so soon.
Let me know if there's anything I can help you with.
My voice could use a rest.
Maybe Tom isn't crazy after all.
They both like the same girl.
Tom seemed taken aback.
Tom's eyes widened in surprise.
You can see it from here.
Thank you for telling me the truth.
I bought a telescope in order to observe the night sky.
You should put on some clothes.
Tom is supposed to be here at ten.
They were supposed to be here at nine.
I just hope I didn't bore you with my story.
She will be here any minute.
He will be here any minute.
They will be here any minute.
It's pretty cold outside.
I noticed that the young man was looking at me.
Life is an adventure.
I'm not lost. I'm just not sure where I am.
I believe in doing the right thing.
If you're cold, come sit by the fire and warm yourself.
If you're cold, come here and sit down by the fire.
You should drink lots of water, even if you're not thirsty.
Tom is cold, distant and arrogant.
If you're cold, come here and sit down by the computer.
"Life is a joint venture", both said, and decided to marry.
Sometimes you have to choose between looking good and being comfortable.
Why should I share the treasure with you?
"Why should I share the treasure with you?" "I thought we had an agreement."
I tried to write with the left hand.
Her fingers were trembling.
The treasure is finally in my hands!
Lie down and go to sleep.
Come closer to the fire if you're cold.
I was cold and wet.
Tom put a few more logs on the fire.
I've had plenty to eat.
I've had enough to eat.
I don't feel so happy.
I don't feel all that hungry.
We aren't prepared.
Makeup makes a difference.
The same goes for you.
Who's been drinking my wine?
I'm sure you never told me not to do this.
We must think of something else.
We have to think of something else.
Thank you, Einstein.
If you're cold, maybe you should put more clothes on.
You must be at least eighteen to view this sentence.
This song is number eleven in my top ten.
There's nothing to be done here.
Have you looked in the glove compartment?
Tom says he wants something to eat.
Have you brought me what you said you would?
Did you bring me what you said you would?
I came to talk with your father, not with you.
I wrapped my arms around his waist.
I used to eat pizza, but now I don't eat it at all.
I used to eat pizza, but now I don't.
The argument became so heated that it ended in an exchange of invectives.
Tom had a gun pulled on him.
Tom was unlucky to be in the bank when the holdup took place.
The police arrested Tom after responding to reports of a disturbance at his home.
How could the colonists declare independence? I think that's against common sense.
Tom wrapped his arms around Mary.
I want to thank my friends and family for supporting me.
I pressed my forehead against his.
Shut up, Albert, your theory sucks.
I'm being completely serious right now.
By the way, is there another way to say "by the way"?
I am so stupid. I hate myself.
This sentence was born from indecisiveness and ensuing boredom.
I never hate people; I let them hate themselves.
I do not want to cut my wrists.
Please don't cut yourself.
You should be thankful that you're alive.
I'm desperate and confused.
I'm in love and I'm confused.
I hate myself because I'm ugly.
I love him, but he doesn't even know I exist.
Heroes don't die. Only bad guys do.
Appearances can be deceptive.
If it means what I think it means, we're in trouble.
I'm also thinking to go to Beijing.
What he said is false.
No clouds were in the sky.
When I met Anka in Bucharest she was studying.
That is the perfect wave.
This is the view from the balcony.
How was the wind yesterday?
Have you heard already that he has finally returned home?
Leave, you deer!
Are we agreed?
Amazingly heads turned to the female wolves as they began to howl. It was a sign of younger wolves.
She's got two teeth?
Be careful not to cut yourself.
I was speaking with your friend.
It was six o'clock.
I woke up when the phone rang.
I'm not a great swimmer.
Police are conducting enquiries into what caused the train to leave the tracks.
A human being is part of the whole, called by us Universe, a part limited in time and space. He experiences himself, his thoughts and feelings as something separated from the rest  a kind of optical delusion of his consciousness. This delusion is a kind of prison for us, restricting us to our personal desires and to affection for a few persons nearest to us. Our task must be to free ourselves from this prison by widening our circle of compassion to embrace all living creatures and the whole of nature in its beauty.
I've been evicted.
The Grand Prix of the first Belarusian song and poetry festival Maladziechna-1993 was won by Alena Saulenajte.
Your mother loves me.
We are waiting with trepidation to be proved wrong.
We don't deserve all of this.
She said she was of two minds as to whether to go or not.
Be a loner. That gives you time to wonder, to search for the truth. Have holy curiosity. Make your life worth living.
This is fun to watch.
I believe in one thing  that only a life lived for others is a life worth living.
Any man who can drive safely while kissing a pretty girl is simply not giving the kiss the attention it deserves.
Does anyone want a new house?
This is a basketball ball.
I clean the floor with a broom.
I tie my shoes on my own.
Monkeys are fond of banana.
The flower is red.
There are two ways to live: you can live as if nothing is a miracle; you can live as if everything is a miracle.
My love for irony is growing by the minute.
"I consider this fair, since effort will get one farther in life than ease of understanding anyway." "Says the man that seems to have skated by through a majority of life on ease of understanding...?"
You are not local people.
The boy is not tall.
I'm sorry, but I can't resist.
I had to learn the hard way that you need to learn to get good grades in university.
Our fanbase is growing.
We have some great news!
I can't wait to get a copy.
He cooked dinner for her.
Tom cooked dinner for Mary.
We helped them.
This morning, my friend and I went to buy airline tickets.
She smiled a lot but she could not speak Japanese.
In the tourist season, many hotels raise prices.
I promise to tell you if I find something proper.
The weather is fine today.
Did he work for the communists? I guess we'll never know.
Life is most often illogical.
I bought this in Boston three weeks ago.
There's a dog barking there.
I didn't have the heart to tell Tom what happened.
I'm sure the guy you saw wasn't Tom.
I'm not certain Tom is the one who stole my bicycle.
I'm not certain Tom is the one we should send to Boston.
No one seems to know what happened to Tom.
No one seems to know where Tom went.
No one seems to know why Tom isn't here.
Where are you guys going?
Tom and Mary became best friends.
Tom and Mary soon became best friends.
Tom thought Mary was asleep.
I wrote Tom a letter.
I wrote a letter to Tom.
I don't know much about Tom's personal life.
Tom said that he wanted to forget Mary.
Now we are afraid of the paradise we created.
As long as people are people, there will always be a stage for tragedy.
A man in the kitchen is quite an uncommon sight.
Everlasting fear, everlasting peace.
The song, which changed her life, is being sung at every one of her performances.
It's just to remind myself and put it on paper.
Gods came down to earth to guide humanity to its end.
A woman was arrested yesterday for leaving a baby unattended in her car in searing heat.
She is very pretty, but not alluring.
She is wearing a light blue outfit.
Silence! You talk too much.
There are some who like it.
The Martians have conquered the earth.
I'm hungry. What about you?
She works in the local flower shop.
Tom and Mary's love for each other was so strong it was almost palpable.
When do you think Tom will get here?
Who do you think Tom will ask to the prom?
Why do you think Tom is late?
Where do you think Tom got that hat?
What kind of music do you think Tom likes?
No human could be so mad to do that. Aliens? Who knows?
I love him, but he thinks I hate him.
I love him, but he lives in another country.
I love him, but he's gay.
I love her, but she's a lesbian.
I love him, but he's in love with another girl.
I love her, but she's in love with someone else.
How often do you look at yourself in the mirror?
Do you like to look at yourself in the mirror?
Beautiful people are more successful.
Attractive people are more successful.
Tom thinks that personality is more important than looks.
Mary thinks that looks are more important than personality.
Virtues and girls are most beautiful before knowing that they are beautiful.
Why is appearance so important?
Why is it so important to look pretty?
Men rarely talk about their problems.
I don't think that men are more interested in sex than women.
She has unrealistic standards.
He has unrealistic standards.
You'll need some money.
Don't bother taking an umbrella with you.
I'm not too keen on it.
I love him, but he lives in Germany.
I met him the day before yesterday.
I consider him an idiot.
I think that he's an idiot.
Men have unrealistic expectations about how women should look.
My boyfriend lives in Japan. I live in Germany. Does our relationship have a future?
Do you like to exercise?
It's a shame God is not here to watch this fire.
Tom said that he thought Mary was an idiot.
Tom called Mary an idiot.
Pour the dressing over the salad and toss gently.
Tom and Mary named their daughter Alice.
Can you toss the salad?
He's such a sweet guy.
Paralysed and yet walking, blind and yet standing, deaf and yet hearing, that is a person who is grieving.
If you really loved him, then it wouldn't matter.
It's a shame Tom isn't here to see Mary receive the award.
Wise men do not seek to gain anything, so they lose nothing.
I love everything about him.
I love everything about her.
He says that he loves everything about me.
It's a shame to stay indoors on a day like this.
Tom uses Twitter every day.
I have received your letter.
You don't just go to the cinema to watch films. Rather, you go to the cinema in order to laugh and cry together with two hundred people.
The next morning, he vanished without any explanation.
He told me he had a surprise waiting for me.
I like him and he said that he liked me too!
Tom grew up in a multilingual environment.
I'm average-looking.
I don't understand what his intentions are.
He lives far away, so we only see each other a few times a week.
I really like your personality.
You're like a sister to me.
First dates are sometimes awkward.
You're the most beautiful girl I've ever met.
I asked my friend for advice.
I asked Tom for advice.
I asked Tom for some advice.
I asked Tom what he'd advise.
I asked Tom what he'd suggest.
I asked Tom what he'd do.
I asked Tom what he'd do if he were me.
I asked Tom how he'd do it.
I asked Tom how much time he thought it would take.
I don't want to see him ever again.
I don't want to see her ever again.
I asked Tom where he had been.
I don't want to see you ever again.
I asked Tom where he had gone.
I asked Tom where he had bought his boots.
I asked Tom how much he thought it would cost to get someone to paint our house.
I asked Tom why he wasn't at the party last night.
I asked Tom when he had started studying French.
I asked Tom what time he was planning on leaving.
I asked Tom why he didn't like Mary.
The bank duped investors into buying bad mortgages.
Do you like the taste of beer?
Do you like horror movies?
Have you ever travelled alone?
Is God important in your life?
I asked Tom where he and Mary had first met each other.
Gay marriage should be legal.
Tom spilled a cup of coffee all over his keyboard.
Should gay marriage be legal?
Spelling mistakes really annoy me.
He's as stupid as a rock.
Personality is important, but looks are important as well.
He's super hot.
You're pretty cute too.
He's insecure and has really low self-esteem.
She's insecure and has low self esteem.
He has a great smile.
I'm a little bit insecure.
Tom's mobile phone fell out of his pocket into the pool when he leant over to check the water level.
She gets lots of attention from men.
I have no particular talent.
It was obvious that he was trying to get her attention.
It was obvious that Tom was trying to get Mary's attention.
A homeless man sleeping in a skip escaped injury this morning when the skip was lifted onto a truck and its contents crushed.
He's quite a catch.
He's quite the catch.
Tom puts gel in his hair.
We met at a party.
Mary can't go out without putting on makeup and doing her hair.
The new labourer was buggered by smoko.
Women are often objectified and treated like property.
I had to get that off my chest.
He eats like a pig.
She eats like a pig.
They have already visited the United States.
At first I thought this pain would kill me.
I love talking to people.
Women are often judged by their looks.
Attractive women are often thought to be dumb.
I would never do something like that.
I didn't say that. That's your interpretation.
I like funny guys.
You seem to ask Tom a lot of questions.
You really do ask a lot of questions, don't you?
Why do you always ask so many questions?
Ask me as many questions as you like. I'll try to answer them all.
Tom asked me a lot of questions that I couldn't answer.
Have you already heard that he has finally returned home?
Have you already bought your ticket?
She is a very beautiful woman.
I'd like some motion sickness medicine for children.
Do those guys go to your school?
He quarrelled with his brother.
One could hardly understand what he was saying.
We got dressed.
A wooden chair is expensive.
Wooden chairs are expensive.
That's part of my job.
I see my ship.
Speaking of Switzerland, have you ever been there in winter?
We washed our hands.
University is a waste of time.
There are Russians who believe Russia is not taken seriously by the rest of the world.
The intuitive mind is a sacred gift and the rational mind is a faithful servant. We have created a society that honours the servant and has forgotten the gift.
I want to know how God created this world. I'm not interested in this or that phenomenon, in the spectrum of this or that element. I want to know His thoughts, the rest are details.
Do you remember how slow the Internet used to be?
I hope Granny will like the present.
I simply don't trust Tom.
I simply don't love Tom.
I'm glad that you like the sentence.
Feel free to speak German.
New questions will be asked and new debates will unfold.
St Nicholas was standing in the garden.
Tom doesn't know the first thing about programming.
I am fascinated by Spinoza's pantheism, but I admire even more his contribution to modern thought because he is the first philosopher to deal with the soul and body as one, and not two separate things.
I have often heard him speak English.
He is rich. He doesn't need any money!
Who would have thought around that in fifty years time we would know so much more and understand so much less.
That's true not only for children, but also for adults.
He did his duty.
When I got home, there was a little surprise waiting for me.
My daughter cut her veins with a piece of glass.
These are my brothers.
This book sells well in Japan.
The Earth doesn't belong to man; man belongs to the Earth.
"There are no more cakes?" "I ate both of them."
It's been two weeks since I ate rice.
Life is, at best, a sea of problems.
My little brother is watching television.
I cry every time I watch that film.
You're a very important person to me.
Debbie! Do you hear me?
Love your neighbour.
Do I have to stay in hospital?
Air out those shoes!
She had no more paper.
We bought Mary an expensive umbrella.
For example, we can say "obei al la patro" and "obei la patron" (instead of "obei je la patro").
That child is a picky eater.
He maketh me to lie down in green pastures; he leadeth me beside the still waters.
Check the number in the telephone directory.
He dressed up and went to the kitchen.
Are you smiling?
Tell me, do you miss me at all?
Read and translate.
And then he quickly looked around to make sure that nobody saw it.
Siberia is one of the earth's "green lungs".
It is only to the individual that a soul is given.
Remember that I love and miss you.
You know what? You should at least think about it.
Are you learning new things at work?
Are they sleeping together?
I hope the step I took was correct and wise.
Did you find a solution?
Tom wanted to speak with Mary.
She is an atheist.
Tom, a self-made millionaire, had lived in abject poverty as a child.
You only see what you know.
This man is a merchant.
She picked a flower from the pot and gave it to me.
Tom came from a poor background, but he later became quite rich.
Tom was an astute businessman who made a lot of money.
Is it possible to buy potatoes here?
Despite your reservations, we will do what we decided to do.
Police are warning people not to leave pets and children in cars in today's excessive heat.
I think that's not a daft solution.
Life belongs to the living, and those who live must be prepared for change.
Better to run than to rot.
If you are not going forward, you're going backward.
The discussion will be over soon.
I have projects that I need to finish up by the weekend!
Go away from the window.
I have to let off some steam before I explode with anger.
Tom always uses the rice cooker that he brought back from Japan.
This is a folding fan, and this is how you open it. It's for hot summer days.
Bye! Let's do this again!
That'll bring a lot of criticism.
Promise me that you will fulfill your promises.
It's a rented car.
Tom turned towards Mary and gave her two kisses, one on each cheek.
The edges of shadows can be sharp or soft.
It's freezing here!
We are doomed!
Today we need to sleep outside.
The young princess lost her footing and fell into the water.
He grabbed the boy's hand.
Who were you speaking with?
With whom were you speaking?
"I want a pint of beer." "It's eight in the morning, Tom!"
Tom walked into the pub and ordered a pint of beer.
The father was the one who cut the cord.
The ship continued northward.
Elephant tusks are made out of ivory.
Mary became a well rounded young woman.
Beams of light shone through the clouds.
We're basically in a Hail Mary situation.
I was aided by a dear friend.
All the passengers are accounted for.
The project was nipped in the bud.
Tom cut off his finger with a circular saw.
Tom danced with the hostess of the party.
Do you like Earl Grey tea?
The salesman made some exaggerated claims in order to sell his product.
The pioneers dug some wells so that they would have water.
The shepherd is tending his flock.
Your computer is obsolete. You need to buy a new one.
Tom put on his spectacles to read the letter.
The witch cast a spell and a beam of light shot out of her wand.
The judge said that the case was outside of his jurisdiction.
In this story, the hero is also the villain.
The bullet lodged in his chest.
What are the alternatives to imprisonment?
Arnold was striving to be the most muscular man in the world.
Mary stamped her foot three times.
The members of the student associations on campus are elected by the students.
We had a decadent breakfast.
Pour us a coffee and bring us the stuffed waffles!
"I didn't do it!" said Tom, bursting into tears.
They grieved for their father.
The king had fifteen thousand horsemen at his command.
This patient is refusing treatment.
I haven't seen these pictures in years.
Mary received a telegraph from Tom.
The scientists wanted to make their discoveries known to the world at large.
That's just speculation.
This is just speculation.
Mary came to America to visit her boyfriend.
Tom owns a very profitable company.
I went into the grove with him.
Tom publicly denounced the war.
The victim was stabbed repeatedly by the killer.
Tom was remarkably shy.
The government wanted to avoid controversy.
We need to fight against women's oppression.
He put a gun to his head and pulled the trigger.
The girls gathered flowers in the meadow.
The surfer tried to ride the crest of the wave.
The boy succeeded in his quest, guided by the spirit of a squirrel.
Will you be so kind as to convey my compliments to her?
Tom went to an agricultural school.
She saw a boy kneeling by the altar.
My doctor told me that I had contracted a sexually transmitted infection.
This gentleman is an acquaintance of mine.
This young man very much resembles my brother.
The young man was completely absorbed in the contemplation of her beauty.
The air was darkened by the smoke.
Tom is not dead. He's alive and kicking.
Tom slept in his office.
Tom doesn't sleep in a coffin like most vampires.
The consulate helped arrange medical transport for Tom.
The First Communion is an important ceremony in the Catholic Church.
This book left a lasting impression on her.
She was blinded by the glare of headlights and could not avoid the accident.
This squirrel shall be henceforth known as "The Cute One."
The detector has detected something, but I don't know what it is.
She's a true artist.
What was the most memorable day of your life?
Tom decided to run for mayor.
We all live in different worlds.
Sites like Google or Facebook record everything that you write and don't respect your privacy.
The squirrel climbed the tree.
It's the best concert I've ever been to.
This movie brought tears to my eyes.
He's a strapping young man.
Tom stroked his beard.
Don't expect any miracles.
He was popular with girls because he was on the football team.
I'd like five meatballs.
Those are two different things.
You will be proud of me.
We must learn to work together.
You're lying and you're not very good at it.
I really like your eyes.
I haven't had a boyfriend in ages.
We have been here for three days.
That's the only possibility.
My mother didn't want me to be like that.
Now introduce yourself with these sentences!
Now introduce yourself using these sentences!
Cats are afraid of water.
That's the best concert I have ever been to.
He went to Paris by car yesterday.
Music festival goers were met at the entrance by police sniffer dogs, resulting in over one hundred arrests for drug possession.
The city in which I was born is very beautiful.
I have a suggestion for you.
The family of the teenage bashing victim took the agonising decision to switch off his life support.
You can't rule the heart.
There is nothing new under the moon.
I rode my bike to the dentist in the rain.
You can come with.
Other lands, other customs.
But now I love you.
I'm trying to verify the problem you reported.
Work ennobles (the soul).
At night the temperature fell below freezing.
Work makes life sweet.
Honest work never hurt anyone.
Bitterly cold air is gripping America, while on the other side of the globe, Australia is sizzling as a record heatwave takes hold.
That's the person I told you about yesterday.
An axe in the house keeps the carpenter away.
That's where the treasure's buried.
Neither a borrower nor a lender be!
Bad thoughts lead to bad deeds.
Whose bread I eat, his song I sing.
He who pays the piper, calls the tune.
I have a friend who lives in Tokyo.
He is like a ninja.
Solitude is the school of wisdom.
He has a flower in his hand.
Will this help them?
I'd say they're doing pretty good right now.
This explains so much about me.
Harmony nourishes, discord consumes.
I don't have all the symptoms.
Don't meddle in a quarrel between a husband and his wife.
Dont interfere with a husband and wife.
Let's hope it's an epic day.
I'll be there seeing Dream Theater at the Paramount.
You guys are really starting to get on my nerves.
The house is big.
My dog is clean.
My dog is very clean.
The man is tall.
It's so typical of him to bail out at the last minute.
Marie has grown.
Don't hesitate to send a note if you observe an error.
The representatives of the elite continue to think according to the categories of the past.
Hand washing is generally considered to be the most important measure in preventing the spread of infection.
Hands should be washed before significant contact with any patient and after activities likely to cause contamination.
Law is born from despair of human nature.
Tom's disappearance completely baffled the police.
Tom and Mary are going through a rather messy divorce at the moment.
I'm afraid at night.
I'll give you my opinion.
Who asked for your opinion anyway?
Call me at my office.
We need a new director to unify our company.
We need a new director to bring our company together.
If you want to succeed, you have to try harder.
We knew that we were going to go in different directions when our school finished.
Scott, Dario and Ryan were very sporty.
Justin Bieber is under investigation for throwing eggs at his neighbor's home.
Throwing eggs is a felony if the damage done by the eggs exceeds 400$.
Justin's home was raided by the police and they found cocaine in plain-sight.
I was hoping you'd ask that.
Egging is a form of vandalism.
The glass ceiling refers to an invisible barrier that keeps women and minorities from reaching the top of the corporate ladder.
Women are not a minority.
I hope I won't get fired for this.
I hope you'll get fired for this!
How is this even possible?
There's a rumor that Mary has a crush on Tom.
Can I come to your party tonight?
Hand me a towel.
Please note that allocated seating is not available and seating is based on a first-come, first-served basis.
The school searched the students' lockers.
Hand me those scissors.
The lockers are the property of the school and may be searched without cause.
Hand me those papers.
Hand me the keys.
Hand me that oven mitt.
Mary's phone was confiscated by a teacher.
The student had his cellphone confiscated after it began to ring in class.
Would you ever consider adopting a child?
Mary's phone was confiscated because she was caught texting during class.
Do you like the same kind of music as your parents do?
What do you need to buy?
Mary helped her mother prepare dinner.
I think it might rain this afternoon.
She helped her mother cook the turkey.
That's pure genius.
Would you please turn off the TV?
Can you drive me to the station?
What have I ever done to you?
Tom is very dedicated to his work.
Can you please help me carry my bags?
I'm very sorry for what I've done.
Would you please speak a little bit more slowly?
I think you can do it.
I think you can do it without my help.
I can wait a little bit longer.
I suppose I could wait a little bit longer.
I guess I could wait a little bit longer.
"Does he like you?" "No, but he's a good friend and we have fun together."
I wonder if Tom will come tomorrow.
I wonder if Tom would know how to do this.
I wonder if Tom knows Mary's phone number.
I doubt that Tom knows Mary's phone number.
I doubt that Tom would ever do that kind of thing.
I love being with him.
I love being with her.
I'd like you to go with me.
I'd like you to help me do this.
I'd like you to tell Tom not to be late.
Tom had dreamed of going to Harvard all his life.
Tom took off his shoes and put on a pair of slippers.
Tom took off his coat and hung it in the closet.
What do you want to do next weekend?
Let's go into the other room.
Tom was killed in a hunting accident.
I was startled by how handsome he was.
I suggest that you don't do that.
I'd suggest that you don't do that.
Don't trust him. He's always lying. He lies about everything.
The film received mixed reviews.
I'm glad Tom helped us.
I'm glad Tom was able to see you while you were in Boston.
Who is this tall blond man?
I think nothing is more important than friendship.
This is one of the best books I've ever read.
If I knew where Tom was, I'd tell you.
I wish I knew where Tom was.
Nobody here seems to know where Tom is.
If I'd known where Tom was, I'd have told you.
If I'd known Tom was in Boston, I'd have told you.
If I see Tom, I'll tell him that.
If I see Tom, I'll tell him that you're looking for him.
I haven't decided what to do yet.
I haven't yet decided what to do.
Have you already decided what you're going to do?
Have you already decided where you're going to go to college?
Have you already decided what time you're going to leave?
Have you already decided how you're going to take care of this problem?
Have you already decided who you're going to hire?
If I'd known Tom was going to be in Boston, I'd have told you.
They slept in a barn.
Come on, Tom. Say something to her.
I won't stand here all day.
If there's anything at all I can do for you, just let me know.
He wanted to say something to her, but he didn't know what to say.
I wanted to say something to him, but I didn't.
This isn't part of my job description.
She wanted to say something to him, but didn't know what to say.
Tears of happiness streamed down her cheeks.
Tom had fallen desperately in love with her.
He brought his lips close to her ear and murmured: "I love you."
He seems like a great guy.
I don't want to sound negative, but...
Mary invited Tom over for dinner and Tom brought a bouquet of flowers and a bottle of red wine.
He moved closer to her.
She moved closer to him.
Damn it, Tom. I said no!
Thank you for fixing my car, Tom.
She felt as if her cheeks were on fire.
I must admit that I've never heard of it.
I must admit that I've never heard of him.
"Can you give this to Tom? It's very important." "I'll make sure he gets it."
Tom saved my life.
God is all-powerful.
They were drawn to each other like magnets.
They were drawn to each other by a magnetic attraction.
Will you keep your New Year's resolution?
What's the difference between liking and loving someone?
We can't survive without food.
Tom disobeyed a direct order from a superior officer.
We can survive without food... just not for too long.
Tom was too distracted by her beauty to answer the question.
Eternity is a really long time.
The king's throne was made out of solid gold.
Can someone tell me what's going on here?
Did he ask you out?
He couldn't bear the thought of leaving her.
He has the key to her heart.
He's confident and strong.
What item was it?
It's cooler tonight.
At least I will be able to sleep.
It amazes me that he was only though.
Scientifical research often requires difficult compromises.
Is this what all the hype was about?
I've turned into the most annoying type of student.
You're bound to succeed in the long run.
You'll have to run if you want to catch the train.
You'll have to row the boat, too.
You could see the look of scorn on Tom's face.
You can save yourself the trouble.
Won't you sample some of my wine?
Will you return this pen to me when you are through?
Who's that girl with the red sash?
Who ran for president that year?
Where did you get that scratch on your cheek?
Where can I rent a furnished room?
When is school out?
When did you become a Boy Scout?
When did Tom return?
When are you holding a sale?
What's the retail price of eggs?
What was the final score in today's game?
What do you think of this color scheme?
What do they charge for room and board?
We're in a safe place now.
We'd better get the hole in the screen fixed or the house will be full of flies.
We were frightened by a savage scream.
We suddenly sighted a school of fish.
We rolled up the rug.
We need new curtain rods.
We had to retain a lawyer.
We find Tom's work satisfactory.
Wait until the crowd scatters.
Tom's schoolbooks cost a lot.
Tom's rough manner frightened the children.
Tom's life with Mary was no bed of roses.
Tom was run down by a truck.
Tom was eliminated in the second round of the contest.
Tom was born and raised on a farm.
Tom used a whole roll of wallpaper.
Tom slid down the rope.
Tom scored five runs.
Tom sawed the logs in half.
Tom sat in the third row.
Tom rolls his own cigarettes.
Tom retired from public life.
Tom requested that we take care of his child.
Tom replied that he'd be glad to go.
Tom refuses to retire in spite of his age.
Tom ran away when he saw me.
Tom practiced his scales all day.
Tom ordered another round of drinks.
Tom is running into debt.
Tom is running around with the wrong crowd.
Tom is not the same as he was thirty years ago.
Tom is busy running an errand for his father.
Tom has always been more interested in science than art.
Tom got wounded in the battle.
Tom gets a lot of satisfaction from his work.
Tom figured out the cost and it was more than he could afford.
Tom doesn't act like the typical college professor.
Tom does everything in such a roundabout way.
Tom decided to sell his business and retire.
Tom arrived there safely.
Tom and Mary invited all their friends and relatives to the wedding.
Tie Tom up with this piece of rope.
Throw it out with the rest of the garbage.
This will give you a rough idea.
This well never runs dry.
This material is ruined.
This is the third scene of the second act.
This is quite a rainstorm.
This is being done for your safety.
This coat retails for about thirty dollars.
They've been at sea for the past three weeks.
They were hunting for bodies among the ruins.
They scaled the cliff with difficulty.
They say it's going to rain tonight.
They rushed through their work.
They rushed the bill through.
They roped off part of the street.
They ran Tom out of the country.
They presented the singer with a bouquet of roses.
They have a round table in the living room.
They had a rough time of it.
These screws need tightening.
These pipes screw together.
There's a run in your stocking.
There's a cold wind today.
There are some very strange things going on here.
The whole school turned out to welcome Tom back.
The water ran down the rain pipe.
The tub is running over.
The soil will have to be plowed before we start planting.
The sea is pretty rough today.
The roof of our house is leaking.
The road runs right by my house.
The results were very satisfactory.
The peaches at the bottom of the basket are rotten.
The parts are connected by an iron rod.
The museum took down the picture of the royal family.
The lid screws onto the jar.
The laboratory is busy now on a new scientific experiment.
The knives are covered with rust.
The house is run-down.
The government plans to scrap some of the older planes.
The frost will ruin the crop.
The fish has shiny scales.
The facts are just the reverse of what Tom told you.
The details of the agreement were worked out behind the scenes.
The captain decided to send out a scout.
The business was settled to everybody's satisfaction.
The bark of this tree is very rough.
The ball rolled down the hill.
That's a safe guess.
That's a sad excuse.
That victory turned the scales in our favor.
That movie is a scream.
That disagreement resulted in a complete break between them.
That boat has pretty sails.
Take this piece of rubber hose.
Take the same road home that you came on.
Screw it in tight.
Scores of people died in the epidemic.
Save your voice.
Save dinner for me.
Run over your part again before the rehearsal.
Rumor has it that Tom and Mary are going to be married soon.
Rub two sticks together to get the fire started.
Rub Tom's back with alcohol.
Row me across the river.
Round off the edges a little.
Roll the dough out thin.
Roll the barrel over here.
Roll over on your back.
Rock the baby to sleep.
Resume reading where you left off.
Red doesn't look good on Mary.
Put your scarf on. It's cold out.
Put your mind at rest. Everything will turn out all right.
Put the meat on the scales.
Put all the rubbish in the barrel.
Please scale the fish.
Please put this in the safe.
Our supply of sugar has run out.
Our ship rounded the cape this morning.
Our sales doubled this year.
My money is running low.
My grandmother ran off with a cowboy.
My dog ran away.
My boat ran aground on a sandbar.
Let's saddle our horses and go riding.
Let's make a run for it.
Let's lie on the sand.
Let's go for a sail.
Let's get at the root of the matter.
Let me add a few words before you seal the letter.
It's too early to decide.
It's taken us three weeks to fix, but at last our car runs satisfactorily.
It's rumored that the conference will be postponed.
It's difficult to root out certain prejudices.
It was a rush job.
It makes me sad to see you looking so unhappy.
It doesn't give me any satisfaction to prove you wrong.
Is this seat being saved for anybody?
Is this chair the same as the others?
Is the top rung strong enough?
Is the bridge safe?
Is food scarce around here?
Is everything satisfactory?
In what round was the boxer knocked out?
Ignore it. It's only a rumor.
If you say that to Tom, you'll run the risk of losing your job.
I've lost a lot of weight since I've been on a diet.
I'm satisfied with the results of the exams.
I'm running short of cash.
I'm not satisfied that Tom is guilty.
I'm dissatisfied with my new apartment.
I'll stay right here until you get back.
I want some salt for my meat.
I want a sack of potatoes.
I understand Tom salted away a good deal for his old age.
I rolled out of bed last night.
I need this to round out my collection.
I live here all year round now.
I like to swim in salt water.
I insist on having my say.
I hope you get a good rest.
I got up and Tom did the same.
I got quite a scare when they said you were in the hospital.
I get more homesick as the months roll by.
I gave Tom the run of my house.
I don't think Tom knows how to run the business.
I don't like to sit too close to the screen.
I can safely say that Tom will win this time.
I burned the roof of my mouth.
I bought a new safety razor.
I always take what Tom says with a grain of salt.
How much of a return did you get on your investment?
How far are we from the sea?
How do you like my rose bushes?
Here's the score of the opera.
Here's a sample of the material I want.
Here's a rough draft of my speech.
Have you ever been to the Black Sea?
Give the scraps to the dog.
Draw a line with a ruler.
Don't let your imagination run away with you.
Don't let Tom run away.
Does that answer satisfy you?
Do you think the judge will reverse his decision when he hears the new evidence?
Do you know an artist who can restore this old picture for me?
Do you have a roll of toilet paper?
Do you go to school?
Do it for my sake.
Did you salt this?
Could you save this dress for me?
Could I borrow a saw?
Can you sail a boat?
Can you ride without a saddle?
Be careful not to scratch the furniture.
At five o'clock, there's always a rush.
As soon as you round the corner, you'll see the store.
As a rule, I don't drink.
Are local trains included on this schedule?
Apples are scarce this year.
All the same, I want to see it.
After a long search, we found a satisfactory room.
Who is the lucky guy?
Arabic is a simple language.
My down jacket kept me warm.
A woman conceals what she does not know.
"Is Tom your boyfriend?" "No, he's just a friend."
Idle hands are the devil's playthings.
The devil makes work for idle hands.
A woman's tongue wags like a lamb's tail.
By all means maintain an open mind, but not so open that your brain falls out.
Children, fools and drunkards tell the truth.
Drink wine and get gout, or drink no wine and get gout anyway.
Love and a cough can not be hid.
Love makes the world go around.
Love will find a way.
Speak the truth and shame the devil.
Tell the truth and shame the devil.
Truth has a good face, but ragged clothes.
What will happen to our children if nuclear war breaks out?
You should lock your door.
You should listen to your parents.
You may go home early today if you like.
Where did you get all those oranges?
We've had a lot of problems with this machine.
We're very busy right now.
We really need to get going.
We have a lot of work to do today.
Tom, can you get us some water?
Tom will have to get medical attention.
Tom will get you everything you need.
Tom will get himself killed if he's not more careful.
Tom will be here when you get back.
Tom went to the window to get a better look at what was happening.
Tom was the first one to get here.
Tom was like a member of our family.
Tom was like a brother.
Tom was finally able to get in touch with Mary.
Tom was finally able to get his car started.
Tom was dead before the ambulance could get there.
Tom was about to get into his car when he was shot.
Tom usually eats lunch in the school cafeteria.
Tom tried to think of something to say.
Tom tried to get up, but he couldn't.
Tom tried to get some sleep.
Tom tried once again to get Mary's attention.
Tom told us all a story.
Tom told me that he'd decided to quit his job.
Tom told me that he could get us what we wanted.
Tom told me that he could get us what we need.
Tom told his children to get ready for school.
Tom started to get hungry.
Tom started to get angry.
Tom sometimes falls asleep in class.
Tom seems to be anxious to get going.
Tom says he can get you what you want.
Tom says he can get you what you need.
Tom said he'd like to have another cup of coffee.
Tom said he can get us what we need.
Tom ran to the door and tried to get out.
Tom opened the closet to hang up his coat.
Tom opened the car door to get in.
Tom often asks me questions.
Tom needs to get to the hospital.
Tom leaned down to get a closer look at what was on the ground.
Tom knows that what he did was wrong.
Tom knows that what he did was a mistake.
Tom is the only one on this island that can speak French.
Tom is not the kind of person you think he is.
Tom helped Mary get in the car.
Tom has no intention of letting his son travel by himself.
Tom has a tendency to get a little worked up.
Tom has a tendency to complain a lot.
Tom changed his plans.
Tom began to get very upset.
Tom began to get very tired.
Tom began to get very hungry.
Tom began to get very angry.
Things got very complicated.
Things got incredibly complicated.
There's still a little milk left in this glass.
There's something for you on the table.
That's a difficult question.
That sounds like good advice.
Sometimes people make the same mistake over and over.
My suitcase isn't as heavy as Tom's.
Maybe you should get some sleep.
Let's go get something to eat.
Let's go for a walk after lunch.
Let me get you a drink.
It's very hot in this room.
I'm starting to get a little worried about what might happen.
I think we can get everything we need.
I think Tom might recognize Mary, even though it's been a long time since he's seen her.
Have you ever done anything like this before?
Go down into the cellar and get us a couple of bottles of wine.
Get a grip on yourself.
Get a doctor.
Do you think you could help?
Do you think Tom realizes how much money his parents make?
Do you think Tom is satisfied?
Do you think Tom is innocent?
Do you think something will happen?
Do you think something will happen soon?
Do you think about Tom a lot?
Do you think about Boston a lot?
Do you really think so?
Could you get Tom some coffee, please?
Come over here and help me.
Can you think of anyone who might be willing to help?
Can you think of anyone who might be able to help us?
Can you get the boys some more juice?
Can you get off work tomorrow?
Can you come over here and help me?
Mary asked her friends if they thought Tom liked her.
Tom says that he just wants to make Mary happy.
I'm the guy who showed Tom how to make tomato sauce.
Will that make a difference?
What do you make of all this?
We make a really good team.
Tom says he has an announcement to make.
Tom is an unemployed aeronautical engineer.
Tom has to make a decision soon.
Tom had to make a tough decision.
I wish you'd make up your mind.
Tom checked the time on his pocket watch.
Tom spends most of his time at home.
Tom hoped he'd have time to eat before he had to leave.
How much time do you have before you have to leave?
Tom wasn't entirely surprised to see Mary.
Tom was surprised to see Mary.
Are there any apples on the tree?
Please see that Tom gets what he needs.
We'll ask Tom what he thinks when we see him.
Tom said that you wanted to see me.
You'll never see Tom again.
We're here to see Tom.
We'll go see Tom.
We'll go visit Tom.
We should go talk to Tom.
We must go and see Tom.
Tom, there's someone here to see you.
We should ask Tom what he thinks.
We should ask Tom what he thinks we should do.
We should ask Tom what he thinks about the situation.
We should ask Tom which one he thinks we should buy.
Tom wasn't expecting to see Mary at the party.
Tom was surprised to see us.
Tom said he wanted to talk to Mary.
Tom needs to see you.
Tom is anxious to see you.
Tom says he wants to meet you.
Tom's truck just pulled up outside.
Tom took another sip of coffee.
Tom should be with you in just a minute.
Tom is just about as tall as you are.
Tom could be just about anywhere by now.
Tom was just about to say something when the door opened.
Tom will be with you in just a moment.
Tom said that it was just a coincidence.
Tom loves swimming, just like you do.
Tom was standing just outside the doorway.
Tom is just an ordinary guy.
I just want to know why Tom isn't here.
Tom just kept reading his book and ignored Mary.
Tom just sat there, staring out the window.
Tom was just as surprised to see us as we were to see him.
Tom has just graduated from law school.
You just have to trust me.
Tom just wants to be friends with you.
Tom just stared at Mary without saying a word.
Tom hesitated for just a second.
Tom has just arrived in Boston.
Tom and Mary just sat there staring at each other.
Tom was just about to go out when his cellphone rang.
Tom has signed a confession.
Tom just shook his head and didn't say anything.
I have a flute.
I adore the sound of banjos.
Please just get out of the way.
Please just get out of my way.
Tom has just started kindergarten.
Tom was just a little boy at that time.
This is just what I need.
We were just in time.
Tom is just about your age.
My battery just died.
Could you lend me some money? I just need three dollars.
Come back to Chicago.
Tom has just been arrested.
You sound just like Tom.
Tom is just an assistant.
Tom isn't just my boss. He's my friend, too.
I just want to leave.
Tom is just a friend. He's not my boyfriend.
You're just like Tom.
Tom just wants a job.
Tom just had a heart attack.
Tom just had a stroke.
I was in Boston just last week.
Tom just wants to leave.
Tom didn't want to go back to Boston.
Tom asked Mary to come back to Boston.
Tom asked Mary to come back home to Boston.
Please come back home as soon as you can.
Please come back to Boston and visit us whenever you have a chance.
Tom said he just got back from Boston.
Tom is going to stay in the Boston area.
Tom told me he was going to Boston.
Tom is coming to Boston.
Why do you think Tom came to Boston?
Tom plans to stay in Boston for three weeks.
I learned to tie my shoelaces by myself at the age of five.
Every scientific article needs to pass peer review before it is published in a scientific journal.
Tom will be driving through Boston on his way to visit Mary.
They seem to have everything, but that's only how it appears.
Boston is the only place where I've ever felt at home.
Tom has finally returned to Boston after living in Chicago for three years.
I first met Tom right after he moved here from Boston.
Mary is a very beautiful woman. On a scale of one to ten, she's an eleven.
There are no survivors from last night's plane crash.
Tom moved here a few months ago from Boston.
Tom told Mary that he grew up in a poor neighborhood in Boston.
Tom isn't as rich as his friends think he is.
Do you ship overseas?
Tom tried to talk to us in French.
Is it any good?
Who voted for him?
I think we need to take a little break.
Tom knows how to take care of himself.
Tom started to take off his jacket.
Tom seemed to take it personally.
Tom says he's willing to take the risk.
Tom decided to take a chance.
Tom always calls me on my birthday.
The farmers are busy working in the fields.
Tom, could you come in here, please?
Tom says he was asked to come here.
Tom, could you come into my office?
Tom wants to come to our party.
I was about to commit suicide.
Tom has agreed to work for us.
Tom has agreed to join our team.
Tom has come out of his coma.
Tom has come out of hiding.
Tom has come to a decision.
We could use your help.
You could use my help, Tom.
Tom could use your help.
Tom had to work late yesterday.
Tom never discusses his work with Mary.
Tom said he had to work late.
Tom gets off work at five.
Tom had to work late.
Tom has work to do.
Tom and Mary work together at the same company.
I love being taken care of.
Tom took another look at the picture.
Tom took a quick look out the window.
Tom opened the door and looked inside.
What more could you ask for?
We hope you will join us in our quest.
Come pick me up.
Tom had a confused look on his face.
Tom had a funny look on his face.
Tom had a hurt look on his face.
Tom had a look of hope on his face.
Tom had a pained look on his face.
Tom had a puzzled look on his face.
Tom had a silly look on his face.
Tom had a strange look on his face.
Tom had a worried look on his face.
Tom wouldn't let Mary look at his pictures.
You look surprised to see me.
You look very lovely tonight.
Tom tried not to look worried.
Tom tried not to look scared.
Tom tried not to look frightened.
Tom tried to look dignified.
You look really tired.
That hat looks good on you.
You look pleased.
You look angry.
You look like Tom.
Tom is better at French than he is at English.
Mary's phone was confiscated because she was caught texting in class.
Tom won't give up so easily.
Tom will give you everything you need.
Can you give us an example?
Tom needs to give Mary something.
Tom refused to give it to me.
Tom refused to give me what I asked for.
Tom said he wasn't ready to give up.
Tom says he'll give it a try.
Tom told me to give this to you.
Tom usually gives good advice.
Tom will give you a hand.
Time is running short now.
All my best thoughts were stolen by the ancients.
Who did you see at the party yesterday?
Are you texting your boyfriend?
Are you texting your girlfriend?
Are you texting Tom?
The student was given a three day suspension.
Tom complained to the teacher.
Which meat tastes the best?
My daughter's driving me crazy.
They passed notes during class.
My teacher told me that I didn't devote enough time to preparing my lecture.
Now I want to talk a bit about the European Union.
He's rather handsome, isn't he?
Tom is very handsome, isn't he?
Tom is really handsome, isn't he?
My teacher told me that I should've devoted more time to preparing my speech.
My teacher told me that I didn't devote enough time to preparing my speech.
I've been trying to avoid him.
I've been trying to avoid her.
Many of the students felt that the professor should have spent more time preparing his lectures.
Tom has been trying to avoid Mary.
Tom has been avoiding Mary all week.
I was hoping I wouldn't run into Tom.
Even though I'd been trying to avoid Tom, I ran into him in front of the library.
"I have a lot of cooking to do for the party." "I'll help."
I don't want to be interrupted.
This is a top secret mission.
We find the defendant, Tom Jackson, not guilty.
Don't talk to me like I'm a child.
I'm not a child. Don't talk to me like I am.
Don't talk to me that way.
Answer me when I'm talking to you!
I'm doing my best to get better at speaking, since I think the better I get, the more friends I can make.
Didn't the pen fall over there?
Don't believe everything you hear on the news.
Tom pointed his finger at Mary.
We bought the cheapest tea.
Tom is afraid of showing his feelings.
I won't tell anyone if you don't.
You're supposed to be working.
We're supposed to be working.
I would appreciate if you didn't mention this to anyone.
Mary is outspoken and smart.
It would have been fun.
Tom didn't want his friends to see him cry.
He's a ladies' man.
It needs to be done.
Who started the fight?
Her friends were jealous.
His friends were jealous.
Your friends will be jealous.
The sorceress turned Tom into a bear as punishment for his unseemly behavior.
The young sorceress was ordered to turn Tom back into a human, after the teachers learned of her prank.
I like the name Tom. It has a nice ring to it.
It's part of the fun.
Bending the cable too tightly can also adversely affect signal quality.
Has anyone heard from Tom?
Are both of you really named Tom?
I went to Iran.
You're not a boy.
You're not a girl.
Who is in Iran?
You're from Iran.
The new constitution will not solve the problems of Egypt.
Mind the step!
Are these your daughters?
Tom waited for Mary in front of the warehouse.
Love is when both love mutually. When one loves is a disease.
Please go outside and find out what's happening.
It's been a while since the last time.
Have you seen Tom anywhere?
What's the title of the movie?
I need to find somebody who can babysit on Friday nights.
I need to find somebody who can help us.
It's one of the reasons.
I want a foot bath.
You speak a perfect Italian.
By then it all began.
Your boyfriend works here.
Have you bought your tickets yet?
I'm driving her home afterwards.
I'm driving him home afterwards.
I am a bit crazy.
Our band needs a keyboardist.
I like your room.
"Superman" will come out this month in movie theaters.
Can you play well?
He totally freaked out.
She had lost weight; the "puppy fat" and the ebullience had gone.
Everybody thinks Tom is a bit crazy.
Tom offered to drive Mary home after work.
Are you good at playing the piano?
If you would like to speak to a customer service representative, please press three.
What's the nature of your complaint?
Please hold for a moment while I check on that.
I'd like to visit Boston again.
I'd like to visit Boston at least one more time before I die.
I want to visit Boston again.
Her look hit me right in the heart.
I think Mary is the right woman for me.
His real name is Tom Jackson.
I'm sure Tom will do the right thing.
Mary's boyfriend's name is Tom.
I couldn't connect to the network.
The men's room is on the right, and the women's is on the left.
I don't expect them to win.
Is everything OK with Tom?
It's Tom who needs convincing.
Tom knew it was the right thing to do.
No one asked for your opinion.
Tom could be right about that.
Maybe Tom has some candy left.
The bucket was full of rainwater.
Maybe we ought to ask Tom for advice.
We need to find out if Tom is planning on helping us.
We need to find out if Tom can speak French.
You could do this if you put your mind to it.
Please take all of your medicine as prescribed.
This pencil belongs to me.
She hasn't reimbursed me yet.
Mary made friends with the new girl in school.
He can't be single. He's too good-looking.
You had better get going.
Why didn't the alarm clock ring, even though I set it? Now I'm definitely going to be late.
There were rumors about us, but they weren't true.
Whenever a new law is not necessary, it is not merely superfluous but harmful.
Tom doesn't go to church very often.
He was pleased with my performance.
My boss said that he was pleased with my performance.
I'll miss you while you're gone.
What do you want to do first?
We can't hire anyone new right now.
Wasn't Tom here earlier today?
What do you want to do next?
Some buttered toast floated in the hot chicken soup.
"Do you want something to eat?" "Sorry, I just ate."
I hope this works.
It's about time you woke up.
We didn't agree to anything!
Are you having second thoughts?
He's just going through a phase.
She's just going through a phase.
It takes a lot of courage to admit that you're wrong.
Tom's funeral was three days ago.
We weren't really expecting to find anything.
Are you sure we're allowed to do that?
Are you sure this is what we're supposed to do?
Are you sure that's how it's supposed to be done?
Are you sure we're on the right road?
What would you have done in his place?
What would you have done in her place?
Are you sure we have enough money to buy everything?
What would you have done in my place?
If you know Spanish well, you'll have no problems with looking for a job. But some with finding one.
Go back to sleep.
Does Tom know you're here?
Do you think we can find someone to replace Tom?
Wake up to yourself and start acting your age.
When you know, let me know.
Where did Tom call from?
What time did Tom call?
Why don't you call customer service?
Can you wait a minute?
Another possibility occurred to Tom.
You're not much of a talker, are you?
Could you show Tom around?
As far as I know, such a function doesn't exist.
As far as I know, there is no such function.
Do you have any plans right now?
Even Tom was somewhat impressed.
Everyone is inside Tom's trailer.
I was scared half to death.
I was very scared.
I don't think Tom is the right person for the job.
Tom found me a French teacher.
Tom gave me a job.
Tom gave Mary a pair of diamond earrings.
Tom gave Mary his kidney.
Tom gave me a pamphlet.
Tom gave me his key.
Tom gave me that idea.
Tom gave me thirty dollars.
Tom gave me your number.
Tom gave me your address.
Tom gave Mary his heart.
Tom gave that to me.
Tom gave me that book.
Tom gave me no choice.
Come sit by me.
Come and sit down.
He doesn't sleep anymore.
She doesn't sleep anymore.
There is no greater mystery in life than love.
Few know this feeling as well as I do.
I am one of those who know this feeling only too well.
Tom opened the cage.
I think that most young people prefer to listen to rock music.
Tom isn't sleeping now.
Tom isn't still asleep, is he?
Tom isn't still sleeping, is he?
Tom doesn't sleep as much as he used to.
The doctor told Tom that he should try to get more sleep.
The doctor advised Tom to get more sleep.
Recently, I've been having trouble sleeping.
I was told that I should sleep at least seven hours a day.
Tom sang his daughter to sleep.
I only got three hours of sleep last night.
I haven't been getting much sleep lately.
I need to catch up on some sleep.
How many hours a day do you sleep?
I've had less than three hours of sleep in the last forty-eight hours.
I feel like I haven't slept in days.
I didn't sleep very well last night.
Tom likes to sleep in the nude, but I prefer to wear pajamas.
I kept thinking about all the things I needed to do and couldn't fall asleep.
He has read the book outside.
Tom thought up several sentences and ran them past Mary before posting them on Tatoeba.
Beer makes you feel the way you ought to feel without beer.
Let's conserve our limited water supply.
Let's conserve our limited water resources.
Does anybody here know Tom?
Do you play golf?
Nothing is too hard for an engineer.
This animal is dangerous.
Write the question.
I would adore living in Paris.
I'd like to live in Boston.
I wish I could live in Boston.
Do you think you'd like to live in Boston?
I've always wanted to live in Boston.
Tom has been living in Boston for the past three years.
Do you have any idea how many people live in Boston?
I can't think of any place I'd rather be than in Boston.
I'd like to drink at least one more bottle of beer before I go home.
This bread is at least three weeks old.
I promised my parents I would visit them at least once every three months.
Do you really think that kind of thing can be done?
Excuse me, I'm coming through.
He screamed like a woman when he removed the pot's lid and saw my head.
I spend at least three hours a week studying French.
Most people brush their teeth at least two times a day.
Life always looks better to an optimist.
That's not very romantic.
I don't know how long Tom lived in Boston, but it was at least three years.
You'll need to wait at least three hours.
You'd better be right about this.
Can Tom stay for supper?
Everyone looked at Tom again.
Tom got back in his Jeep and started the engine.
Did you tell Tom to do that?
Tell Tom we'll be ready.
Come anytime you like.
I just don't understand you anymore.
You don't really understand me, do you?
You don't really understand how I feel.
This is all I can do for now.
You sat there and watched me being beaten to a pulp.
Have you ever been to Tom's restaurant? It's a nice little spot.
His eyes were dark.
He pulled at her heartstrings.
Mary was Tom's first girlfriend.
Tom was Mary's first boyfriend.
Did anyone else receive this email?
Her eyes were wet.
I totally don't believe you.
That's too much information! I don't want to know.
I need to talk to him alone.
Sometimes Tom doesn't really understand what's going on.
Tom is on his way to the hospital.
Tom is pretty persuasive.
Tom is slightly suspicious.
Tom is way older than he looks.
I can come back tomorrow.
That's a wise choice.
He wanted change.
What?! No! Are you really fucking with my date?
Tom asked Mary if she would ever consider going out with John again.
Listening to this song makes me cry.
Mary is a strong, independent woman.
Would it make you feel uncomfortable to tell me about that?
Does that answer your question?
Sharks are friends.
My tears are cold.
It's non influential.
If you have a garden and a library, you have everything you need.
A perfect day is one spent in the garden.
You can tell a lot about a person by the state of their garden.
I'll tell you more.
This car is prettier than yours.
An artist is capable of capturing the atmosphere of the place with just a few lines.
Why does a football field have four corners?
Where are you going to study?
That one is not good.
Please don't sit in this chair!
You broke the table you were sitting on.
You can't talk about politics here.
Two teenagers were suspended from school.
We made a snowman this winter.
Last winter was very cold.
I can't try it on!
You misunderstood me.
Are you talking about Tom?
Have you seen Tom recently?
Have you seen Tom lately?
I'm sorry to hear about what happened to Tom.
It's a shame Tom couldn't make it.
We are looking for engineers.
How's Tom been treating you?
Tom is asleep in the back of the van.
I'm terrible at math.
The tree is high.
A brother's brother is a brother's brother's brother's brother to another brother's brother.
I think I could learn a lot from you.
I'm interested in learning Lojban.
What we've been asked to do is very dangerous.
This kind of work is very dangerous.
How did you learn to do this?
I'm meeting a friend of mine at the store.
Who taught you how to do this?
I noticed that Tom was looking at me.
How often do you look at yourself in a mirror?
When was the last time you looked at yourself in a mirror?
I don't want to ever see Tom again.
Tom has a great smile.
Mary never leaves her house without first putting on makeup.
Tom put a gun to Mary's head and pulled the trigger.
Tom put a gun to his head and pulled the trigger.
Tom wanted to say something to Mary, but he wasn't sure what he should say.
Tom seems like a great guy.
Did Tom ask you out?
I'd appreciate it if you didn't mention this to anyone.
Tom is a ladies' man.
You'd better get going.
Can Tom come, too?
Are you sure it's not possible?
We don't know much about Tom's personal life.
How much did you pay for that suit?
Do you miss me at all?
Remember that I love you.
Someone here just found his new favorite band.
Who was I trying to fool when I cut that slice of pizza in half?
It is said that her new novel is based on her own experiences.
She answers us whenever we call her.
She has many enemies in the political world.
She misses her family very much.
Helsinki is the capital city of Finland.
There are flying birds in the sky.
My parrot is so sweet.
Where will we eat breakfast today?
But nobody can help me.
Tom was sleeping rough for a while after being evicted from his apartment.
He keeps a parrot as a pet.
No more chatting!
Cranes flying low indicate warm weather.
Tom said I was popular.
Put your coat on. It's cold outside.
I think a bit of anger is better for you than worry.
It was less stressful being around Tom after he did an anger management course.
Stress is a very serious problem in today's society.
He argues about every assignment he's given.
This year, the number of conference participants from China will exceed the number from the United States.
Every child needs someone to admire and emulate.
Many thanks for your contribution.
Thanks for your contribution.
The bank avoided making any decision.
I assume that no one knows the answer.
"Good enough" is not good enough for me.
We're here listening to the sounds of New York.
He'll come home when the moon is full.
He was jealous.
Mary was jealous.
We were jealous.
They were jealous.
You are not jealous.
Tom is not jealous.
We'll be jealous.
You'll be jealous.
They'll be jealous.
Why do you never stop talking about Tatoeba?
At what time can you be there?
Why do you waste most of your time on Tatoeba?
They fell down the stairs.
She likes to dress out of fashion.
The earth is shaped like an orange.
Who's the pretty young woman who's with you?
"Could you pass me the sugar?" "Here you go."
He came hoping to see you.
He came hoping to meet you.
She asked for help, but no one came.
Next year I'm going to Hawaii.
Tom leaned over and kissed Mary.
Tom leaned over and kissed Mary on the cheek.
Tom leaned over and whispered in Mary's ear.
Tom kissed the back of Mary's hand.
What you do speaks so loud that I cannot hear what you say.
We've made it to Berlin, onwards to New York.
Tom looked right and then left.
Tom lowered his binoculars.
Tom picked up his hat and put it back on.
I don't think you're the right person for the job.
Tom doesn't look nervous.
Tom doesn't like you anymore.
Have you heard about Tom?
That's exactly what Tom wanted.
Tom was unsure what to say next.
That's Tom playing the piano.
Everyone looks scared but Tom.
Why buy something you'll never use?
Everyone looked over at Tom.
Tom handed Mary the scissors.
Tom handed Mary the brochures.
Tom handed Mary the broom.
What was Tom talking about?
Tom's son's name is John.
Tom will meet you at the station.
We can't find Tom.
May I see your ID?
May I see your identification?
I'm building a birdhouse.
I'm a lousy cook.
I'm an airplane mechanic.
I'm glad we talked.
Everyone is looking at Tom.
Everyone is staring at Tom.
I'm looking for somebody.
Why should I buy something I'll never use?
It's going to take some time to win back trust.
Tom is doing the laundry.
Tom is doing the wash.
He tossed his dirty clothes on the floor.
Tom tossed his dirty clothes in the hamper.
The fly got into the house through a hole in the flyscreen.
Here's some more tea.
Be careful that you don't get lost.
Would you like to see my stamp collection?
Tom showed Mary his stamp collection.
Tom showed his stamp collection to Mary.
The remedy is in the poison.
We call a sandwich "Butterbrot."
Are you related to Tom?
Love belongs to those who think about it.
Give me your knife.
Marriage should be mutually and infinitely educational.
Her long speech bored us all.
I'll be back in three weeks.
Look at these photos.
My son could've died.
I invited Tom over to my place.
Tonight's not the night.
I'm quite content with my life.
Tom isn't answering his phone.
Tom isn't pulling his weight.
Mary isn't answering her phone.
He isn't answering his phone.
She isn't answering her phone.
Look at your map.
Thanks for calling me.
Thanks for helping me.
That's good enough for me.
We'll be right with you.
There are too many rules.
They haven't beaten us yet.
Have I missed something?
Have they seen us?
I designed it myself.
What man fears most is what suits him.
Someone will be with you in just a moment.
It's just not all that interesting.
What makes you think we won't succeed?
All dogs are animals. However, that doesn't mean that all animals are dogs.
Books make eras and nations, just as eras and nations make books.
Does anybody here know how this thing works?
Promise not to tell anyone.
Nothing is true except what isn't said.
Is anybody in here?
Did anybody come by?
What can anybody do?
Is anybody out there?
Does anyone here have any money?
It doesn't look like anyone's been in this room for years.
Someone will have to tell Tom eventually.
Did anybody take notes?
Did anybody see anybody?
I would like you to close the door when you go outside.
Is anybody waiting in the lobby?
Why would anybody do that?
There was nothing anybody could do.
Does anybody here know how to set up a web server?
He is proud of his collection.
Is anyone here a doctor?
Why would anyone do that?
Would anyone like some wine?
Tom says that anyone can be hypnotized.
Does anyone have a handkerchief?
I believe that Tom loves me.
There's nothing anyone can do now.
Does anyone know what really happened?
Please don't tell anyone about this.
There was nothing anyone could have done.
Does anyone know what caused the problem?
I made a joke about Tom's accent.
You will find the bank at the end of that road.
Does anybody have anything to say?
Does anybody have any good news?
What good is that going to do anybody?
Laurie swims well.
Has anyone gone through this stuff yet?
Shouldn't somebody be guarding the prisoner?
Nobody said this would be easy.
Nobody told me it was going to get this cold.
Is somebody down there?
Why would anyone do this?
Why would anyone do this if they didn't have to?
Can someone call security?
Did anybody call for security?
Does anybody know if the cafeteria is still open?
Someone tried to break in.
Someone's trying to get in.
Nobody needs to talk.
Nobody needs to say anything.
Nobody needs to get hurt.
Someone needs to talk to Tom about what happened.
Does anybody here feel sick?
Nobody wants to be hated.
Everyone wants to be loved.
There's not much anyone can do.
You should try to find somebody closer to your own age to date.
If nobody's here, just leave a message.
It was really touching.
Someone put it there, but I don't know who.
Why would anybody do something like that?
Don't let anyone in his room.
Pick on somebody your own size, you bully.
There doesn't seem to be anyone around.
If anyone here can help us, we'd appreciate it.
Nobody wants to talk about that.
Come out with your hands up.
Scents, colors, and sounds respond to one another.
People driving through southern Germany will see farmhouses with solar panels everywhere they look.
Money corrupts  above all those who don't have it.
The dictator is the epitome of dishonor.
Solar energy technology is cost effective today.
Nowadays, rooftop solar panels are popping up like weeds.
Germany is leaving the fossil-nuclear age behind.
This will take time, money and patience.
China is the largest producer and consumer of coal in the world.
How many horses are there in Sweden?
She saw herself as the world's savior.
I feel like seeing you.
I didn't remember this!
It's supposed to be bad manners to talk with your mouth full.
In periods of extreme heat, it's important to keep the water up to your garden.
No one will trust her story.
I live in northern Sweden.
When are you coming to Lanzarote?
Where's Lanzarote?
Lanzarote is a Spanish island.
I went to Lanzarote last year.
Did you order yours yet?
How's Lanzarote?
How is Lanzarote?
Lanzarote is very beautiful.
Lanzarote is not so beautiful.
I've never been to Lanzarote.
Have you ever been to Lanzarote?
I live in Tampa at the moment.
I want to live in Tampa.
I want to go to Tampa.
Mum! Don't compare me with Sam!
Where's Tampa?
Some disorders can be corrected perfectly.
Where is the intellectual challenge in this?
Playing with fire is dangerous.
Nobody saw anything.
Nobody's right all the time.
Maybe nobody wants to leave.
Nobody looks very convinced.
Nobody would see us.
Nobody could make that work.
It looks like nobody's home.
Nobody likes a quitter.
Nobody likes a know-it-all.
Nobody knows how the fire started.
Nobody else is going to want it.
Nobody wants to do it?
Nobody got hurt.
Nobody knows why this kind of thing happens.
Has anybody heard from Tom?
Is anybody on the line?
Did anybody see Tom leave?
Do you know anybody who might be able to tell me what happened?
Somebody has to stop Tom.
Somebody tried to kill Tom.
Tom has to tell somebody.
Somebody will see us.
Somebody could get hurt.
It sounds like somebody's home.
Someone has to tell Tom.
Tom should date someone closer to his own age.
Tom is looking for someone.
Someone said Tom is looking for us.
Tom is talking to someone.
Tom is waiting for someone.
Did someone find out about us?
Someone will be here soon.
There's someone at the door who wants to talk to you.
Someone saw it happen.
Someone must've seen something.
Is someone coming for us?
Is someone coming to pick us up?
Someone could be hurt.
It looks like someone's jealous.
Someone might see us.
There are plenty of places around here for someone to hide.
Why would someone do such a thing?
Tom couldn't have shot anyone.
Tom didn't expect anyone to be there.
Remember not to tell anyone.
Anyone can see that.
Let's see if anyone's out there.
It could be anyone's.
Is there anyone else?
Is there anyone there?
Hey, does anyone have any gum?
I can't call anyone right now.
It could have been anyone.
Anyone could have made it.
Everyone here is named Tom.
Everyone is talking about Tom.
Everyone laughed except for Tom.
Everyone wanted to see what Tom was doing.
Everyone was looking at Tom curiously.
Everybody laughed but Tom.
Everybody laughed except Tom.
Everyone's talking about what Tom did.
A new civil marriage law in Lebanon allows marriages between individuals of different religions.
An open discussion with an atheist took place recently in a mosque in Cairo.
In recent years, secular ideas have flourished throughout the region.
Compare this with what is happening in Egypt.
I'm not folding their shirts.
It is their dream to walk on the moon.
You filled the pitcher to the brim.
We filled the pitcher to the brim.
They speak quickly.
We speak quickly.
I haven't thought about that in a long time.
What did you just say to Tom?
When's Tom due back?
The stars are shining brightly tonight.
Nobody's going to believe that.
Someone just drove off in your car.
Why did you lie to Tom?
You should tell Tom to be careful.
Tom probably knows more than he's telling us.
Tom is working on something that needs to be finished by 2:30.
We're in 2013.
I think I may vomit.
Sorry, I thought you were into it.
I thought you were into it.
Tom is working on something secret.
Tom is going to hurt himself if he's not careful.
I'm quite embarrassed now.
The situation is becoming arduous.
Somebody must've made a mistake.
Somebody must have made some kind of mistake.
Nobody paid any attention.
Someone has to pay the price.
Someone has to pay for this.
Someone's going to pay for this.
Nobody'll ever find us here.
Nobody said anything for a long time.
Somebody has to take the blame.
Nobody wants to be around Tom.
Let's look around and see if anybody's in the park.
Let's quit fighting before somebody gets hurt.
Tom and Mary told everyone they were planning to live in Boston.
You too have no idea how important you are for me.
Tom didn't want any of his friends to see his driver's license.
Tom ran over someone's dog.
You're not obligated to answer that question.
You're avoiding my question.
You still haven't answered my question.
You may ask me any question you want.
You may ask any questions you wish.
You may ask any questions you want.
You haven't answered my question yet.
You don't need to answer any more questions.
You do ask a lot of questions.
You certainly have a lot of questions.
Would you mind if I asked you some questions?
Would you mind if I ask you a question?
Would you mind if I ask you a personal question?
Would you mind if I ask you a few questions?
Would you answer some questions for me?
I want to marry a virgin girl.
I will quit that party.
The sentence is short and simple, but without context it will be useful to almost no one.
Does anyone have any idea what this is all about?
Somebody's watching us.
Somebody must've followed us here.
Nobody can stop us now.
Nobody's allowed to do that.
Can somebody open up a window, please?
It feels like somebody's turned on the air conditioning.
Does anyone really care what time it is?
Do you have someone in mind for the job?
Do you know anyone who might be able to help us?
Someone's waiting in the lobby.
Is there anyone waiting for us?
We need to hire someone with a little more experience.
Someone tried to kill us.
Someone's trying to kill us.
Someone needs to take care of Tom.
Was there someone else in the room?
Please find someone else for the job.
Is anybody else planning to go with us?
There isn't anybody else who can do this.
Perhaps someone other than Tom would be a better choice.
There's no way anyone other than Tom could've done this.
Tom told me something nobody else was willing to tell me.
Is there anybody else you can think of who might be willing to help us?
Mary likes to relax in her garden by a quiet lake.
This argument is totally ridiculous. Forget it!
Why is everyone staring at me?
This argument is pure rhetoric.
Can't someone else do that?
Did anyone else get hurt?
Did someone pay for this?
Do you think anybody would pay more than thirty dollars for this?
This could've happened to anybody.
There's nobody else in the room.
Somebody will have to stand watch.
Somebody left a package here for you.
Nobody really believed it.
Nobody really believed what Tom said.
Nobody else would help us.
Nobody else knew about it.
Nobody else knew Tom was going to be here.
Nobody else got hurt.
Maybe nobody else saw what happened.
Let somebody else do this.
Let somebody else do it.
Is there somebody else here?
Hey, did anybody lose their keys?
Has anybody else seen this?
Does anybody have a better idea?
Does anybody else have a complaint?
Somebody else might get hurt.
Can't someone else do this?
Does anyone else have any advice?
Does anyone else have any suggestions?
Give someone else a chance.
Has anyone else seen this?
Is there anyone here who disagrees?
This argument is nothing more than rhetoric.
Was it a hot poo?
It could've happened to anyone.
Let's leave now before anyone changes their mind.
Maybe someone else can help us.
Maybe there is someone else in the house.
Someone else must've seen what happened.
Someone just turned off the lights.
Someone's got to be held accountable.
There'll always be someone who'll need our protection.
There's always something that needs to be done.
There's nothing anyone can do to change it.
There's someone else in the house.
Why would anyone else want this?
Would anyone else like to speak?
Would anyone else like to say anything?
Where is your garbage can?
Is there someone there with you?
Do you have any idea who that was?
Tom couldn't have done this.
Go and apologize to Tom.
I've got a feeling Tom doesn't really know how to speak French.
I've got a feeling Tom is still here in Boston.
I've heard that Tom Jackson is the best lawyer in Boston.
I've got bigger problems.
Mary is on maternity leave.
I'll buy you another one.
I'm a good guesser.
I'm a little curious.
Don't fear a knife, but fear a fork - because one stab can make four holes!
He is hopelessly romantic.
What will future cities look like?
Aren't you a little bit romantic yourself, Mary?
You have no idea what you've missed.
You've cleaned your feet.
I can't play piano.
Unfortunately, I can't find this article.
You should grow facial hair.
You can believe me.
Why do those who don't want children have to pay for those who do?
Those who can, trade stocks; those who can't, advise others.
Come to Chile again!
This is just racism!
This is racism.
Many languages use letters with diacritical signs.
I've lost my ball-point pen and am now writing with a pencil.
That's not okay.
How much does your daughter weigh?
You said this was going to happen.
I'm not calling you by name.
Don't believe everything you hear. Don't love everything you see. Don't say everything you know. Don't do everything you want.
We know God's plan was different.
What a collection!
When you turn the corner, you'll find my house.
That's true for every day but one.
A Chinese farmer was told not to shave before the visit of President Hu Jintao, so that he would look "more rustic" on TV.
I have to go to Denmark tomorrow.
He is, without doubt, much better than you.
In my opinion, it would be better if you went there.
Quick, hold onto this tree.
I don't know. Let me look.
I have a big complaint about the list: it's not representative in the least.
She does what she wants.
You got here on time.
I have not yet dared to declare my love.
The difference between the two terms is not clear.
The future is closer than you think.
I liked that book.
I loved that book.
It makes you look younger.
It makes you look older.
Tom is sitting on the sofa, reading a magazine.
You mustn't swallow unreliable information that's on the Web.
I am growing breasts.
It is a lack of respect.
The hot coffee can melt a plastic cup.
Tom! Bring me a sandwich.
I hardly know her.
I hardly know him.
I'm going to study harder next semester.
Tom lived in Boston three years ago.
When Tom comes to Boston, he usually stays at a hotel, but sometimes he stays with us.
Tom told me he usually eats breakfast at seven.
I've known Tom since we were children.
I've been to Boston three times.
Where did you take these photos?
I've already finished what I had to do.
From the very first time I saw her, I knew she was different.
I knew she was different.
I knew he was different.
From the moment I first laid eyes on him, I knew he was different.
When I first laid eyes on him, I knew he was different.
Tom has already eaten supper.
Tom hasn't eaten supper yet.
Tom bought a new house.
Tom didn't need to buy that book.
You should've come to the party.
Even I can understand this sentence. It's very easy to understand.
I'm awfully fed up with Tom, Mary, Boston and French.
I've almost finished what I have to do.
I find it fascinating to compare Faroese and Norwegian.
I'm almost finished doing what I have to do.
We've almost finished doing everything that needs to be done.
I'm almost finished writing the report.
I'm almost finished reading this book.
I don't believe a word you say.
How many chin-ups can you do, Tom?
"The birds are singing! Isn't it beautiful?" "NO!"
I can't believe nobody has put this song up yet anywhere on YouTube.
"Father! What happened?" "I saved Hyrule from Ganon's pit!" "Well done, Your Majesty... but father, what about Link?"
She says he will not give up smoking.
She says she will not give up smoking.
He says she will not give up smoking.
"Ganon made man in his image, and spoke to his creations: "You are my prisoners." Wait, what the hell is this..?" "It's a book." "I know a book if I see one, Sister Ipo. What book" "Read the book!" "You goose."
Drop by and bring all your friends!
"Ganon tried again and recreated everything: the Earth, light, Link, and Zelda  okay, this is bullshit!" "Read the" "No, read it yourself! It's all shit to me."
Who the heck's book is this?
The book is cheap.
The book is expensive.
The book is too cheap.
Now I am in South America to teach Esperanto.
Tom was not coping at school, and was diagnosed as a slow learner in second grade.
By second grade, students are expected to have basic reading and writing skills.
I'm looking for work, too.
Who's coming to see me?
Come and see us.
New laws are being introduced to tackle alcohol-fuelled violence on the streets.
Your house is very modern.
His wife drinks really like a fish.
She drinks like a fish.
Mary drinks like a fish.
I didn't forget about you.
I don't want to talk to you ever again.
I'm watching the game on my cellphone.
Early to bed, early to catch the worm. Or, is it the bagel?
We like him.
She is a very cheerful and gragarious person.
I'm prone to forget names.
I thought you didn't want to talk to us.
The back of my neck hurts.
I liked it a lot.
I liked the present a lot!
I've had a hard day, all I want is an early night.
He washed the blood off his hands.
You're the most fantastic person in my life.
You are a fantastic person.
She's a fantastic person.
He's a fantastic person.
She's the most fantastic person of my life.
He's the most fantastic person of my life.
It feels like the end of the world.
It will be the end of the world.
My son would like to eat some candy.
My world is fine.
In any case, I should call.
In order to grow well, these plants need soil that does not contain too much moisture.
We pulled the teeth out.
We pulled out the teeth.
The time change occurs during the night on Sunday.
They were accepted by the school.
It was reported in the newspapers.
Tatoeba is a virtual site where a lot of actual time is spent.
I am as much in love as on the first day.
Don't touch anything without asking first.
Don't think about the price.
The life of the city was dictated by the mine.
His behavior truly surprised me.
He was an artist who earned a living by painting royal portraits.
Are you ready for tonight?
I don't like hitchhiking.
I don't like filthy cops.
Until when will you be in South Korea?
No, this is my second time.
A cockroach has climbed up on me!
Is this your first time in Korea?
The solar panels generate electricity.
Tom's son is John.
Tom's son is called John.
John is Tom's son.
You said that it would happen.
You're really an angel.
Love belongs to those who believe in it.
The best way to have a friend is to be a friend.
This technology will drastically lower the cost of solar energy.
One day, I'm going to marry him.
We took a walk on the beach just before sunset.
It was only a marriage of convenience.
Nothing extraordinary has ever happened to me.
You shouldn't walk alone at night.
I wish I could find someone who loves me.
Have you ever fallen in love?
I'm a little hungry right now.
Do you want to take a walk?
"That's what you were thinking, right?" "No, not at all!"
"Stop repeating everything I say!" "Stop repeating everything I say!"
Stop repeating everything I say.
She ironed her hair.
They got married three months later.
He spent his entire life helping people.
Tom and Mary got married three months later.
I did not have sex with him.
Tom and Mary got married when they were in their teens.
Tom and Mary got married when they were teenagers.
Tom and Mary got married three years ago, but only stayed married for about three months.
He's looking at you. Do you know him?
It's obvious that he's in love with her.
Tom and Mary got married just three months after they first met each other.
I know this area like the back of my hand.
Tom has a tendency to misplace things.
She was lonely.
He was lonely.
You did this on purpose, didn't you?
I'm glad you finally figured it out.
You're lucky to have found each other.
She swam until she was exhausted and then went back to the house.
Tom promised me that he would come back.
He gazed into her eyes.
He's an Olympic swimmer.
If you can't make it tomorrow, give me a call early in the morning to let me know.
Tom has tried every sport except swimming.
Tom has the hots for Mary.
Let me know if you can make it tomorrow.
I asked you a question.
"I asked you a question." "I didn't hear you."
I broke my fingernail.
Tom is quite accident-prone and had his third accident in as many months just the other day.
You think that Tom is evil?
Tom is inclined to be moody and is not easy to live with.
When he kissed me, I felt a shiver run down my spine.
These days no one's got enough because everyone's got too much.
Good work, Tom.
Mary did not get along well with the other girls.
Tom has a baby face.
Looks are important.
He's kinda cute.
She thinks that I'm gossiping behind her back.
You can't unring a bell.
She really likes gossiping.
You're no longer my daughter.
You're no longer my son.
I have nice hair.
I'm not bragging.
Kittens are curious.
Lack of openness is a problem.
I know he likes me.
This is a pretty stupid question.
We're really close and we tell each other everything.
How fast can a year go by!
This song makes me cry every time I listen to it.
She's under the chair.
He's under the chair.
I'm very modest.
She was getting all the guys' attention.
He doesn't know when to shut up.
No, he didn't harass me.
My heart was beating so fast.
Please don't judge me.
You must be very proud of your daughter.
I was so shocked.
I'm not proud of my daughter.
I'm not proud of my son.
Why am I stupid?
I'm not trying to impress you.
He seems like a very nice man.
Thanks, Tom. You've been a big help!
I've had a little bit too much.
I'm getting sleepy again.
I think I've had a little too much to drink.
I think I got a little too much sun today.
I think I've had a little too much to eat.
Tom seems like a very nice guy.
Mary is kind of cute.
Tom didn't get along with the other students.
It looks like Tom was right.
It looks like Tom was wrong.
Tom doesn't look reassured.
Tom held up his right hand.
We're looking for Tom.
Tom isn't going to argue.
Tom isn't going to change.
Tom says he wasn't here yesterday. It must've been someone else you saw.
Tom has done this before.
Tom came back Monday morning.
Tom bought a bus ticket.
Tom bought an expensive guitar.
Listen to your father.
Tom got back on his motorcycle.
My neighbor had his feet amputated due to a bacterial infection.
Tom drove me to the airport.
Tom definitely would've liked you.
Tom couldn't help but listen.
The worst is behind you.
This is my decision.
Tom has a tendency to jump to conclusions.
Tom has a tendency to ramble.
What's Tom rambling on about?
Tom decided to slow down.
Tom decided to do the right thing.
Tom decided to help out.
She's not interested.
Can't you see she's not interested?
Tom said he wasn't interested.
Can't you see I'm not interested?
Tom is not interested.
Tom was definitely interested, but he tried not to show it.
Tom seemed to be more interested in seeing Mary's family photos than anyone else.
I have something you might be interested in.
I have something you might be interested in seeing.
Tom seemed to be pretty interested in what Mary was doing.
I think I've found someone interested in buying your house.
Tom seems to be more interested in making money than in helping others.
Tom says he's no longer interested in painting.
Tom didn't look like he was too interested in what was going on.
If you don't want to go, just tell Tom that you're not interested.
I assume you're not interested.
I assume you're not interested in going with us.
I assume you're not interested in playing tennis with us this afternoon.
Tom told me he's not interested in you anymore.
If truth be told, I'm so terribly sick of getting up early in the morning, that hereon after, I will not be buying new batteries for the alarm clock.
Tom didn't seem to be at all interested in Mary's explanation about what had happened.
Tom was interested in what Mary might have to say.
Aren't you the least bit interested in what Tom has to say?
Tom isn't really interested. He's just being polite.
Tom said he's not interested in looking any deeper into that matter.
Tom looks genuinely interested.
Mary is one of the girls that Tom is interested in.
Mary is one of the girls that Tom is interested in meeting.
Mary is one of the girls that Tom is interested in talking to.
I'm not interested in your current boyfriend or ex-boyfriends.
Tom told Mary he wasn't interested in helping her do anything.
Tom told Mary he didn't want to help her.
Tom told Mary he wasn't interested in discussing his problems with her.
Tom let us know that he wasn't interested in working for us.
Tom seemed particularly interested in that Gibson guitar we have hanging on the back wall of the shop.
Tom is interested in fossils.
Would either of you be interested in going on a blind date with one of my friends?
Tom didn't seem very interested in going to the concert with us.
The difference between you and me is that I'm actually interested in trying to do what is right.
The difference between you and me is that I'm actually interested in trying to do the right thing.
I doubt Tom would be interested in joining the army.
Tom wasn't interested in talking about himself.
I'm pretty sure that Tom is not still interested in Mary.
I wonder if Tom would be interested in investing in our project.
I really doubt that Tom would be interested in investing in such a project.
You might be interested to know that Tom just broke out of prison.
Tom was clearly not interested in what the salesman was saying.
Tom isn't interested in anything Mary has to say.
Are you implying that Tom is interested in me?
Why would Tom be interested in collaborating with us?
Tom is the first guy Mary has really been interested in since she broke up with John.
In case anyone's interested, I don't plan to be here tomorrow.
Tom never seems interested in talking about sports.
Tom says he's no longer interested in working as a professional musician.
I didn't tell you because I thought you weren't interested.
I have some pictures that I think that you might be interested in seeing.
Nobody was interested in hearing about Tom's invention.
What sorcery is this?
Tom tried to sell me his old car, but I told him I wasn't interested.
Tom seems more interested in getting things done than in getting things done right.
I know Tom is very interested in swimming.
I thought you might be interested in trying some of these games I programmed.
Tom looks interested, but Mary doesn't.
Today, I'm too sad for this thing.
I'm not the least bit interested in what Tom thinks of me.
I'm not the least bit interested in role-playing games.
I'm not the least bit interested in finding out who my birth parents are.
I'm not interested in finding out who my birth parents are.
Our offer still stands if you're interested.
I'm not interested in the same things I think you're interested in.
I don't think this is anything you'd be interested in.
Do you think that Tom would be interested in that?
Tom is still interested in buying your old car.
Tom still doesn't look too interested.
Tom still doesn't look too tired.
Tom still doesn't look very happy.
Tom still doesn't look like he's having much fun.
Tom still doesn't understand French very well.
I'm sure Tom would be very interested in what you have to say.
We'd all be interested in your point of view.
We'd all be interested in hearing your opinion.
What do you have to sell that I might be interested in?
Tom and Mary announced the dissolution of their marriage.
I think there's a job opening up at our company, if you're interested.
Tom said he'd be interested in taking over Mary's job when she retires.
Tom wanted a sports car and wasn't at all interested in even looking at family cars.
I spent three months in hospital when I was thirteen.
Tom and Mary told everybody that they'd gotten divorced.
Tom and Mary told everybody that they'd gotten divorced, but they're actually still married.
I didn't know you were interested in antiques.
Tom seems interested in finding out the cause of the problem.
What makes you think that Tom's interested in helping us?
What makes you think Tom did this?
What makes you think Tom won't help us?
What makes you think that's what caused the fire?
What makes you think Tom would ever consider going on a date with Mary?
Tom said he was just interested in helping Mary.
If you're interested in going camping with us, please let me know as soon as possible.
Tom wasn't interested in learning how to cook Chinese food. He just wanted to eat it.
In times like this, we should all pull together.
Are you still interested in learning how to speak French?
Even Tom is a little interested in learning French.
I'm interested in your work.
I'm interested in learning how to do that.
Tom is interested in coming here.
Tom isn't interested in the details.
Tom may not be interested.
Tom only looks mildly interested.
Tom told Mary he was interested in art.
Tom isn't interested in hanging out with us.
I wasn't interested in buying that anyway.
I wasn't interested in going to Boston anyway.
Are you still interested in going out for a drink after work?
Tom would be very interested in getting a guitar like that one.
Men are usually more interested in sports than women are.
Tom says he's not interested in romance.
Men aren't usually as interested in figure skating as women are.
All I'm interested in is justice.
Are you interested in this going with us or not?
Can I assume you're interested now?
Clearly you're not interested.
Even if I was interested, I don't have the time.
Go tell someone who's interested.
I didn't think you were interested.
I thought you might be interested.
I thought you'd be interested.
I'll understand if you're not interested.
I'm interested in many things, not just music.
I'm not interested in your excuses.
I'm only interested in doing the right thing.
I'm really interested in hearing about your trip.
If you're interested in going to the zoo tomorrow, I'll pick you up at 2:30.
If you're interested, I'll add your name to the list.
If you're not interested, just say so.
It's obvious that you're no longer interested.
Listen, I'm not really interested.
Look, I'm not interested.
Look, I'm really not interested, OK?
Look, I'm really not interested.
Someone is likely to be interested.
That's all I was interested in.
That's all you're interested in, isn't it?
That's not something you're interested in, is it?
Tom is still pretending he's not interested.
Tom looks like he might be interested.
Tom wanted to know if I might be interested in a job at his company.
Well, I might be interested.
What made you think I'd be interested in this?
Why isn't Tom ever interested in anything I do?
Yeah, I'm interested.
You might be interested in what I'm doing now.
Two children are sitting on the wall.
All the way to the end, "Tom and Mary" was a hopeless and depressing story.
Tom, how many pull-ups can you do?
You are really a hopeless idiot, aren't you?
If you have something you want to say, hurry up and say it!
If you have something to say, go ahead and say it.
If you've got something to say, go ahead and say it.
I had no idea you were interested in Japanese art.
I think I might be interested in buying one of your antique chairs.
I told Tom that I really wasn't interested.
I'm not interested in any of your theories.
I'm not interested in hearing any more of your theories.
I'm not the only one interested in buying that house.
I'm not the only one interested in finding out what Tom did with the stolen diamonds.
I'm not the only one interested in knowing where Tom was.
It sounds to me like you're interested.
Tom isn't interested in becoming famous.
Why are you so interested in what Tom thinks?
Why are you so interested in what Tom was doing?
Why are you so interested in where Tom went?
Why are you so interested in who Tom went with?
Would you be interested in going to Tom's party with me?
How long will you be in Korea?
May I ask you what your name is?
He wants a serious relationship.
Tom picked up a pen and started to write.
Shall we dance a bit?
He advised us to leave early.
He was looking for a letter all day long.
You see, my problem is that I am not able to read aloud.
Where's Minnesota?
Have you ever been to Minnesota?
I want to go to Minnesota.
Eventually, his rights had to be acknowledged.
Love is a many splendored thing.
Santa, I would like a girlfriend for my Christmas present.
At least say you are sorry.
Tom, you're pretending to be asleep, aren't you?
"Tom, you're pretending to be asleep, aren't you?" "No, I'm asleep." "A sleeping person shouldn't be able to answer, you know?"
Tom was so confused he didn't know what day it was.
Investigations have revealed that a significant number of eateries are ignoring basic hygiene standards.
Tom could tell Mary was interested.
Tom had a bored, disinterested look on his face.
"Unfortunately the frankfurters split open when I was boiling them." "It doesn't matter, Tom. They still taste good."
That depends on your ability to take care of it.
That depends on how you deal with it.
Your response is not perfect at all.
I can't agree to your proposal, since it is neither fair nor wise.
Here is Tatoeba.
I live in Minnesota right now.
What good is a code that contains more symbols every time it's used?
I'm from Hungary.
When you've finished reading the book, I'd like to borrow it.
Tom's boss criticised him for not having any initiative.
You could tell by the look on Tom's face that he was lying.
So you do believe me?
Tom got arrested for shoplifting.
That's how we first met.
I don't want to cry.
It's one of the stupidest things I've ever done.
You can't change the past.
Why are you looking at me that way?
You know how Tom is.
She was my best friend at that time.
Tom was my best friend at that time.
Who's the lucky girl?
Who's the lucky guy?
I still don't know why I said that.
Tom was lucky that he didn't get hurt more than he did.
Tom was lucky he didn't get seriously injured.
I don't like it any more than you do.
Sometimes the wind sounded like the crying of a child.
You hid the truth from me.
Sucks to be you.
I don't want to be intrusive, but is everything all right?
If Mary's mother hadn't meddled in their marriage, Tom and Mary might still be together.
It's hard to understand you.
It's very hard to understand you.
It's really hard to understand you.
You're hard to understand.
You're very hard to understand.
You're really hard to understand.
It's quite humid.
It's very humid.
The humidity is quite high.
The humidity is very high.
The humidity is very high, isn't it?
It's really humid, isn't it?
I think we have a lot in common.
I wonder what the advantage of this technique is.
I have a lot of homework today.
This dog is not mine.
Is the dog yours?
I've looked all over for Tom, but I can't find him.
This isn't my dog.
Tom snuck out and surreptitiously bought Mary a big bunch of flowers for their wedding anniversary.
Tom and Mary reminisced about the night they met all those years ago.
Where is Poland?
Where's Poland?
My son has a son.
Why have I done such mistakes?
I believe you'll get through the problems.
This, however, is not possible.
He's a fan of Sex and the City.
The very thought of snakes makes him turn pale.
I didn't understand the question.
I don't believe this story.
We'll celebrate tonight.
She is the one who took care of her wound.
He is the one who took care of his wound.
He is the one who took care of her wound.
A definite advantage of automatic doors is that people can't spread their contagious diseases by touching door handles.
"Tom and Mary" was truly an irredeemable piece of trash.
"Tom and Mary" was really a hopeless failure.
The train was so packed that I had to stand up during the whole trip.
We all have to start somewhere.
Tom is addicted to watching anime.
Tom is the only male in the dance company.
It was a humbling experience.
Tom is a young and talented dancer.
I'm afraid of speaking in public.
I'm here for work.
I decided to tell her the truth.
I decided to tell him the truth.
Eventually, Tom's curiosity overcame his fear.
Get over there, sit down, and shut up.
Sit over there and shut up.
Justin Bieber was arrested in Miami Beach today.
Tom got down on one knee and told Mary that he loved her and wanted to share his life with her.
I don't want to hear a word from you.
I'm sure you've said that to many girls before.
Eventually, my curiosity overcame my fear.
My car is parked just around the corner.
Tom was arrested in Boston yesterday afternoon.
"Why did you do that?" "I wanted to see what would happen."
Tom is a disc jockey.
Tom is a DJ.
All the sheep were huddled together in the shade of the only tree in the paddock.
We awoke to the sound of birds chirping in the trees outside our room.
You look just like your mother did when she was your age.
It was so cold that the water sprayed on the building to put out the fire froze solid.
Who is she and what's her name?
Who is he and what's his name?
She tormented me.
She made my life miserable.
I'm not much of an athlete.
I don't believe what Tom told us.
I don't believe Tom's story.
Marriages based on passionate, blind love seldom work out.
Everything has two sides. Fanatics only see one.
I will certainly never have a son.
Who says that raisin bread has to contain raisins? After all, dog biscuits don't contain any dogs, do they!
I bet you think I'm just writing that to impress you.
He waited for his master.
Two children were playing on the road.
She speaks fairly quickly.
Tom walked into the room.
You never understand anything.
During the war, they melted down a lot of bells.
What was the weather like yesterday?
The unsupervised children got up to all sorts of mischief.
Tom and Mary hadn't known each other very long when they got married.
It was very hard to anticipate how Tom would react to this news.
The drizzle turned into steady rain and we were soaked through by the time we got home.
I reserve the right to be wrong.
I am in Russia.
The girl was wearing pink panties.
Her flat is always clean.
We pay a high rent.
You are blessed, oh Lord, our God and God of our fathers, God of Abraham, God of Isaac and God of Jacob.
Batman and Robin are friends.
The water here is shallow.
Mary is shallow.
He's materialistic and shallow.
The water is shallow at this point.
I'll get the food.
I'll get the others.
I'll take a look.
I'll tell you about it sometime.
I've got to get to class.
I've said I'm sorry.
Bring Tom with you.
Are you looking for Tom?
That's exactly what Tom said.
Tom heard a twig crack.
Tom heard a sound outside.
Tom heard a sound upstairs.
Tom heard the entire conversation.
Tom heard a voice.
Tom heard the shower running.
Tom heard someone moving around in the next room.
Tom heard someone calling his name.
Tom heard what sounded like a gunshot.
You are blessed, oh Lord our God and God of our ancestors, God of Abraham, God of Isaac and God of Jacob, God of Sarah, God of Rebecca, God of Rachel and God of Leah.
I say that this apple is delicious.
It seems safe enough.
It isn't your fault.
It wasn't a crime.
It'll be dark soon.
It's been done before.
It's a strong possibility.
I'm sorry this happened.
It's starting to rain.
That's one of my favorite songs.
That's one of my favorite books.
That's one of my favorite movies.
We're not Bengali.
It's time for us to change the system.
It's not your fault.
It's just something I've been thinking about.
It's only three o'clock.
Can you spell it?
He always looked happy, but never was.
The teenager smashed the car into a tree while fleeing from the police.
He went to school, but didn't study much.
No one was prepared for what happened next.
Who says that simple things aren't good?
Let's stay outside, it's pleasant and warm.
Tom suffers from post-traumatic stress disorder and is plagued by nightmares.
Without water one cannot live.
The roses are red.
Once in a while I study Esperanto.
I am studying Korean.
Both boys and girls should take home economics.
I am studying the Korean language.
I spent three months in a hospital when I was thirteen.
Don't believe everything Tom says.
It'll have to wait.
Just tell them no.
After a sudden pause in the conversation she unexpectedly said goodbye.
Tom wasn't aware that there was a problem.
Tom wasn't aware that Mary had already gone home.
Tom wasn't aware that nobody was listening to him.
This has been a long week.
It's been a long week.
Be careful. That hurts!
We're all doomed!
Nothing unusual happened during our trip.
Don't stop singing even if you get hoarse.
In the morning I greet people with "Good morning." That's an abbreviation for "I wish you a good morning" or "Have a good morning".
You heard what your father said.
You heard what your mother said.
You heard what I said.
You're either very brave or very stupid.
We went to the beach together.
She smoothed her hair.
Where did you get all this stuff?
He is pretty cute.
I think he's way cuter than Tom.
Are you a musician?
I don't even know what I'm going to wear.
I think Tom is pretty cute, too.
He's not that cute.
Mary's not happy that her boyfriend has to kiss another girl for the school play.
He's independently wealthy.
Let me ask you a simple question.
He's drop-dead gorgeous.
He's rather handsome.
Don't tell Tom I said that.
I hate liars.
He squeezed my shoulder.
Nothing like that could happen.
I heard that, but I didn't know it was true.
What's her boyfriend's name?
How did you find out it was me?
What's Tom's girlfriend's name?
I don't have everything I need.
I have everything I need.
Tom says he can get everything we need.
Tom says he can get us everything we need.
When we're finished, we can leave.
When you're finished, you can leave.
Tell Tom that when he's finished, he can leave.
Who did you get that from?
Don't lie to me again.
I'm going to delete this before anyone attempts to translate it.
This is the beginning of a new era.
But I do like that, mortals.
This is my first confession and I have every reason to be nervous.
He wrote a novel about vampires.
I guess it's decided.
Frankenstein is a work of art.
I'm speaking Spanish to my cat.
You guys were just incredible.
Do you enjoy mystery novels?
Is Agatha Christie one of your all-time favorite authors?
Here's a treat for you.
Have you ever read any novels by Agatha Christie?
I was still at home.
Tom is playing outside with his son.
Tom is playing tennis with Mary.
Tom is still at home.
This is crazy and disgustingly sad.
We didn't know you would be coming with us.
There's always something to do here.
The rain's not letting up.
I was disgusted, too.
I just finished reading your book.
I'm glad you approve.
You won't make it, not even in your dreams.
I'm using the computer.
English uses the German word "lied" to define a German art song, while German uses the English word "Song" to define a pop song or a song with critical content such as found in Brecht.
The Olympic Games ceremoniously celebrate the triumph of nationalism, doping and commerce.
He discovered the three laws of physics.
I don't know where to put it.
I don't know where to put them.
It goes like this.
The question was a serious one, but he answered half in jest.
We like playing in mud.
I want to buy the medicine.
I'm going to become the best.
I've got to drink your cola.
Tom turned his life around after a stint in rehab.
Dangling particles should be avoided at all costs in English.
I'm coming for you.
I'll get the guns.
I'm not a drunk.
I am rich.
I'm used to this kind of cold.
I'm used to this kind of heat.
I'm not used to this kind of cold.
I'm not used to this kind of heat.
I'm not used to driving a truck this large.
I'm not used to driving in this kind of traffic.
I nearly spilled my coffee on the keyboard.
He often goes to Japan on business.
Thou speakest.
Ye speak.
I sure could use some shut-eye.
I sure could use some sleep.
I really need to get some sleep.
"Lottery tickets are a waste of money." "Not if you win."
Winning is more fun than losing.
The guys hanging out in front of that store know I'm a cop.
Let me tell my side of the story.
Keep the engine running. I'll be right back.
You look lovely just the way you are.
I am my own worst critic.
I am my own biggest critic.
I am Iranian.
Let's check the map.
Let's have a party.
You abandoned me!
Caves are dark.
That ought to do it.
I'm just having fun.
I'm not buying it.
I'm sick of running.
I like what you're doing.
I knew you were behind this.
I work as an air traffic controller.
Why do you want to come with me?
That could've been prevented.
That's a safe assumption.
I don't know the end of the story.
Have you read Romeo and Juliet?
Why didn't you think of that before?
We've got a big day ahead of us tomorrow.
I've got a big day ahead of me.
Let me try again.
Let's have a chat.
Let's try one more.
Let's try one more time.
Let's try once more.
Let's try doing that again.
They are so irrelevant.
What Tom thinks of Mary is irrelevant.
My opinion is irrelevant.
My opinion was irrelevant.
Whether you're able to speak French or not is completely irrelevant to this conversation.
That's also irrelevant.
What Tom says is often irrelevant.
These details are irrelevant.
Your opinion is irrelevant.
This is completely irrelevant.
Tom wasted our time reporting a lot of irrelevant details.
Maybe that's true, but it's irrelevant.
Whether you like Tom or not is irrelevant.
I also need to improve my English.
Tom said he wanted to improve his French.
I need to improve my French.
My boss told me that I needed to get better at speaking French.
Tom had little or no idea what he was getting himself into.
I never noticed before that you're taller than me.
I'm chatting online.
We discovered a few problems today that we'd never noticed before.
My students are finally seeing things they never noticed before.
I can't believe I never noticed that before.
I guess I never noticed it before.
I looked around the room and saw a lot of things I never noticed before.
I noticed that everyone in the room except me was wearing a suit.
Did you find anything you'd never noticed before?
It's not a dog.
Tom forgot his shopping list and only got half of what he had intended to get when he went shopping.
She has two sons, I believe.
When he got up to make his speech, Tom's mind went completely blank and all he could do was stand there with his mouth open.
Tom had a mental block and couldn't remember his PIN number and, as a result, had to leave the groceries at the checkout.
The cake was crawling with ants.
Mary didn't get along well with the other girls.
Tom, bring me a sandwich.
I've had a little bit too much to drink.
I've had too much to drink.
Your new hair style makes you look older.
Mary was a difficult child, but she has matured into a beautiful young woman.
The train was so crowded that I had to stand up the whole trip.
What's the minimum salary in your country?
What's the minimum salary in Kenya?
What's the minimum salary in Ghana?
Why doesn't he have anything to say?
Why doesn't she have anything to say?
Why don't you have anything to say?
Where were these pictures taken at?
My boyfriend and I had sex on the first date.
She prefers French to German.
She likes French more than German.
I can not sleep well.
Tom is eating.
Where did they send you?
I'm having trouble sleeping.
I'm having trouble getting to sleep.
I keep waking up in the middle of the night.
Where were these pictures taken?
Where did you take these pictures?
Don't ever let me catch you here again.
I need you to drive me to the station.
Let's play some cards.
Keep quiet, will you?
It's getting cold again.
I'd appreciate it if you could get here a little early.
I'd appreciate it if you would help me this evening.
Tom doesn't seem to have anything else to say.
Tom didn't have anything else he wanted to say.
My humility makes me proud.
Dalhalla offers 20-events each summer, from June to September, and the program includes both opera performances and shows/concerts in many different music styles.
The dark Ikran is going to the Halleluja Mountains.
What sort of bread are you eating?
I'm playing a game online.
Her dress was cheap.
Her dress was a cheap one.
She's not old enough to have a driver's license.
Tom slipped on the wet floor and dislocated his knee.
Tom is a little unusual in that he doesn't drink tea, coffee or beer.
The frustrated tennis player smashed his racquet on the court and incurred a hefty fine.
To play a scoundrel convincingly you dont need to be a scoundrel. Just take a careful look around among your acquaintances.
Everything I thought I loved about you doesn't exist.
So why am I crying again?
That dude was a jerk.
Angst is the fear of our own incapacity for peace.
Stop yelling. My head hurts.
Tom woke up the next day with a painful hangover.
A thinking person doesn't give the same answer to the same question throughout his whole life.
I liked climbing trees when I was a kid.
An enemy of an enemy is not necessarily an ally.
Enemies of enemies aren't always allies.
I loved to climb trees when I was a kid.
Go and play with your friends.
I'm not your friend anymore.
I'll always be your friend.
"Do you need something?" "Yes, I need to talk to you."
She batted her eyelashes.
I've got some dust in my eyes.
I don't feel like playing.
You're not as smart as you think you are.
Could I go over to Mary's house to play?
Can I go over to Tom's house to play?
Is it OK if I go over to Tom's house to play?
May I go over to Tom's house to play?
Would it OK if I go over to Tom's house to play?
Try and catch me!
Try to catch me.
You really are a piece of work.
I had a feeling you were going to say that.
This is going to be so much fun.
This is a good place to build a sand castle.
Don't worry. You'll make new friends.
I'm starting to lose hope.
I was starting to lose hope.
He was starting to lose hope.
She was starting to lose hope.
We were starting to lose hope.
Tom was starting to lose hope.
It looks like Tom has given up.
It looks like Tom doesn't think he has a chance to win.
It looks like Tom doesn't have any chance of winning.
Tom doesn't have any chance of winning.
My choices are my own.
Do you regret getting that tattoo?
Tom told me that I had no choice but to do what he said I had to do.
He really is over seventy.
I doubt his abilities even though I'll admit he is honest.
He doesn't really care about me.
Tom doesn't really care about me.
You don't really care about me.
Doctor, I don't know what's wrong with me. I don't feel good.
I've had a headache for three days and I can't get rid of it.
I've got sore eyes.
"Does your throat hurt?" "Yes, a little."
I think I have a fever.
Put the thermometer under your arm.
I was expecting the worst.
Come in. Let me check your pulse.
I couldn't sleep last night. I coughed a lot.
"Does your chest hurt?" "No, not at all."
Please put this thermometer under your arm.
Please put this thermometer under your tongue.
"What have I got, doctor?" "A cold."
Do I need a shot?
Your suit is the same as mine.
That matter is the same one that we discussed the other day.
Did something happen at school today?
I don't want to talk about school.
How did you come up with that number?
"How did you come up with that number?" "I don't know. I just made it up."
I don't want to talk about myself.
I don't want to discuss my problems with you.
I don't want to discuss this matter right now.
They both blushed.
Both Tom and Mary blushed.
Mary batted her eyelashes at Tom.
I didn't write this sentence.
I want to go camping.
I didn't write this letter.
The house is going to feel empty without you.
We'll miss you when you're gone.
We'll miss you when you're not here.
You need to be proactive.
We need to be proactive.
There's more where this came from.
There's more where that came from.
It's probably just the wind.
I wasn't the one who wrote this letter.
I'm not the one who makes the rules.
I don't think you're being honest.
What kind of question is that, Tom?
Why didn't I think of that before?
Your father must have been very disappointed.
Your mother must have been very disappointed.
She didn't write back.
He didn't write back.
Tom didn't write Mary back.
Tom didn't write back to Mary.
Tom wrote Mary right back.
Tom wrote right back to Mary.
He wasn't interested.
They spend a lot of time together.
Nice that you achieved your goals.
He talks about you all the time.
She talks about you all the time.
I don't trust her.
I don't trust him.
It's great that you were able to achieve your goals.
It's good that you were able to achieve your goals.
Where have they gone?
I would like to have five pineapples.
I was hoping I'd see you again.
It's not a problem to add new languages.
Comments are not needed.
These candles aren't white.
This candle isn't white.
I'm having sex with you.
I'm eating cheese.
Who would be interested in a week in Thailand around New Year's Day?
A lot of truck drivers eat here.
Are you sure there's nothing else we have to do?
Can you give us a lift to the station?
Hold on just a second, would you, please?
I've had worse offers.
Is this an actress?
Unfortunately, I can't afford to buy everything I need right now.
Unfortunately, I had to drop out of college because I couldn't afford the tuition.
It's the flight from Recife.
As you already know, I don't speak French very well, so I'd rather not give a speech in French.
Tom is coming in on the next flight from Boston.
Unfortunately, I won't be able to make it to your party.
Unfortunately, I didn't have time to study for the exam, so I failed it.
Unfortunately, I broke my leg, so I can't go skiing with you this weekend.
Unfortunately, I missed my flight, so I won't get to Boston in time for the meeting.
As you know, I've lost my job, so I'm having trouble making ends meet.
As you know, I've lost my job, so I'm having trouble paying all my bills.
I don't know whether Tom still lives here or not.
This cat doesn't chase mice.
How can you afford a place like this?
I had planned to stop at the supermarket on the way home, but it was closed.
My uncles whole family came to hear the storyteller, and even some of my aunts relatives from the neighboring housing on the other side of the hill.
This person doesn't live here.
The lesson started at eight o'clock.
Can I talk to you for just a second?
Can I talk to you for just a second about Tom?
I want to talk to you about what needs to be done.
We never got to do stuff like this when I was a kid.
The last thing Tom needs is another stalker.
The last thing Tom needs is someone else stalking him.
We talked a long time about our future together.
Everyone else has gone home for the night.
A furnace is an enclosed chamber in which heat is produced to heat buildings, destroy refuse, smelt or refine ores, etc.
I want to know the facts.
I'll help you find somewhere to live.
The bus driver opened the door.
With the help of loanwords and Esperanto word elements you can create many new words which may not exist in the source language.
She was already pregnant.
Why, of course, the people don't want war. Why would some poor slob on a farm want to risk his life in a war when the best that he can get out of it is to come back to his farm in one piece? Naturally, the common people don't want war; neither in Russia nor in England nor in America, nor for that matter in Germany. That is understood. But, after all, it is the leaders of the country who determine the policy and it is always a simple matter to drag the people along, whether it is a democracy or a fascist dictatorship or a Parliament or a Communist dictatorship. [...] Voice or no voice, the people can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders. That is easy. All you have to do is tell them they are being attacked and denounce the pacifists for lack of patriotism and exposing the country to danger. It works the same way in any country.
People were worried about what might happen.
Is that Wall Street jargon?
Why would you ever want to work on Wall Street?
We're all unemployed.
There's a red pickup truck parked in front of your house.
Popularity should be no scale for the election of politicians. If it would depend on popularity, Donald Duck and The Muppets would take seats in senate.
Stoning is a good deal easier than convincing.
Many things frighten people these days.
It's easy to understand.
This is by far the coolest thing we've ever done.
This is by far the best thing we've done so far.
I send a letter to my mother.
I grabbed the cat by the neck.
I have eaten enough.
All three of them got in the limo.
It's not like that.
Let me go first.
I'll send my mother a letter.
I'll send a letter to my mother.
I didn't see where the ball went after it hit the tree.
We're still a long way from home.
I didn't see where you put your car keys.
Did anyone see where I left my glasses?
You didn't happen to see Tom in town today, did you?
Tom was driving well over the speed limit when the accident happened.
Despite searching high and low, Tom couldn't find his wallet.
Clearly that match was going to be a very close thing.
To think I might have been married to that woman! It was a close thing once.
We swerved as the lorry crashed past. It was a close thing.
Let me show you.
It's not too far.
It's not too far from here.
It's not too far from Boston.
It's not too far to walk.
It's too far away to walk from here.
It's quite a ways from here.
You can walk there, but it'll take you about thirty minutes.
The bus driver helped the old lady off the bus.
Tom said that he wanted to talk to me after school.
Why would he lie about that?
That sounds a little hard to believe.
The workers were furious that management had kept them in the dark about proposed job cuts.
Mary invited me to her house after school.
I've had enough of your lies!
Are those flowers for me?
Mary asked if she could spend the night at her friend's house.
I want to be famous.
Tom only wears black clothes.
Tom is an overachiever.
You have to believe me. I'm innocent!
Moral indignation is jealousy with a halo.
They didn't need to come.
She doesn't want anyone to know.
He doesn't want anyone to know.
I think my boyfriend is cheating on me.
No one will ever find out.
Tom looked really embarrassed.
Marriage is a good institution, but I'm not ready for an institution.
When I have to choose between two evils, then I prefer to take the one that I haven't already tried.
Flattery is like counterfeit money; it makes the one who receives it, poorer.
I hope no one ever finds out what happened here today.
Tom was afraid that his father would find out what he had done.
Tom found out that I was the one who had stolen his bicycle.
A planet is not a star, because it is not massive enough that nuclear fusion can happen in its core.
Let's do it like this: I'll speak for five minutes, then you'll have five minutes to speak, and then we'll discuss.
Tom seems really embarrassed.
Tom seemed really embarrassed.
Tom looks really embarrassed.
Tom was really embarrassed.
Sometimes it's necessary to tell the truth.
She doesn't think so.
You don't think so.
He doesn't think so.
I married on the 1st of June.
Pasta heated up again is never any good.
The police are investigating the shooting.
Have you ever seen the person in this photo?
"Do you think Mary is offended because we didn't invite her?" "She probably isn't unhappy because she has so much to do."
I'm at the station now.
I've just arrived at the station.
Everybody has the right to talk their way out of things.
I'd like to visit Egypt someday.
I want to visit Egypt someday.
I need to plan my next trip.
That clown is frightening.
"Roma" is an anagram of "amor."
I think it is a warning.
The tip of the key broke.
I lost a bunch of keys.
This is a family tradition.
If you want Tom to respect you, you must respect Tom.
I need you to pull up a website for me.
I like playing the gooseberry.
Lisa's preference for classical music was not shared by Mark.
Tom likes classical music, but Mary doesn't.
They filled the jug to the brim.
Mary filled the jug to the brim.
You talk fast.
You speak quickly.
She speaks quickly.
He is smarter than anyone.
This is Copacabana!
It will take some time before he understands it, right?
I couldn't hold back my tears.
To give a person one's opinion and correct his faults is an important thing. It is compassionate and comes first in matters of service. But the way of doing this is extremely difficult. To discover the good and bad points of a person is an easy thing, and to give an opinion concerning them is easy, too. For the most part, people think that they are being kind by saying the things that others find distasteful or difficult to say. But if it is not received well, they think that there is nothing more to be done. This is completely worthless. It is the same as bringing shame to a person by slandering him. It is nothing more than getting it off one's chest.
That girl over there is looking at you.
That guy over there is looking at you.
"I have a boyfriend." "Since when?"
We've been spending a lot of time together.
Tom and Mary have been spending a lot of time together.
They've been spending a lot of time together.
My advice was not followed.
We need more information about this.
The furniture was bought at an auction.
You pay interest on money that you borrow.
Money is power.
This is the o'clock news.
She has made great progress recently.
What heavy traffic!
What lovely weather!
Too much of a good thing is wonderful.
I'm interested in improving my German.
I'm not interested in talking to her.
Onwards, to glory!
Fuck your old mother!
Sometimes keeping silent is the only way to show how hurt one is.
They aren't hungry.
This makes me smile to death!
This is very funny!
This makes me laugh to death!
She committed suicide by hanging herself.
Mary didn't keep her promise.
Mary didn't keep her promise to help Tom.
Who do you think we are?
Game of Thrones has been credited with an increased popularity of fantasy themes and mainstream acceptance of the fantasy fandom.
As liberty of thought is absolute, so is liberty of speech, which is "inseparable" from the liberty of thought. Liberty of speech, moreover, is essential not only for its own sake but for the sake of truth, which requires absolute liberty for the utterance of unpopular and even demonstrably false opinions.
Who the bloody hell do you think YOU are, mate?
Tom likes to drink chilled water in hot weather, while Mary prefers hers at room temperature.
I've got blisters on my fingers.
I've decided to stop wearing underwear.
Tom works for an NGO in Africa.
Who is confused?
I've lost count of how many times you've helped me.
She eats nothing other than fruit.
This question is like asking a parent which child they love more.
Both are classic.
Tom said that yesterday.
As a result of the new method developed by G.F. Gransson, the price of steel was reduced to a quarter.
It's a difficult language.
Will there be a cake?
There will be a cake.
This was the perfect occasion.
How frequently do you fart?
They wrote it on Twitter.
Is this Sonisphere?
Please don't leave your Facebook open.
Take me with you on the next trip.
I transferred the work to him.
He earns half a million yen every month from that work.
I'd like to get off at the next stop.
Nobody has ever written a letter to him.
I'm not proud of my behaviour.
Even a stopped clock is right twice a day.
I am very busy.
Douglas Engelbart, the inventor of the computer mouse, was born on this day in 1925.
Jane will probably come.
He failed because he did not have money.
Since I became relatively unconcerned about hurting other people's feelings, sending an email has also become easier.
Tom lost his beloved son.
Everyone hates you because you lie all the time. You get what you deserve.
There sure is a lot of traffic today.
Who's tired?
Who's confused?
I'm not proud of my behavior.
I'm not proud of how I acted.
You should try to get along with your neighbours.
You should try to get along with your neighbors.
There are a lot of horses in my neighbourhood.
Globally, around million tons of plastic ends up in the ocean every year.
The Himalayas were formed by the collision of the tectonic plates of India and Eurasia about million years ago.
Fortunately, she didn't die.
She's not German, but Austrian.
In American video games, Russians are often depicted as the main villains.
You should have accepted her advice.
Where's Minsk?
Gerunds are very funny.
I think you're being a bit overdramatic.
My car gets pretty good gas mileage.
There's a full stop missing from the end of the sentence.
I get paid 300,yen per month.
I get paid 300,yen a month.
I got into a traffic jam on the expressway.
A noun can be singular or plural.
Even a clock that is stopped shows the correct time twice a day.
Get up at sunrise and marry young!
Tom arrived shortly after o'clock.
Come on, be honest. I can take it.
I got caught in a traffic jam on the expressway.
You are not brooding and existing in your own head.
We heard the slow and heavy tramp of feet on the stairs.
"I'm not allowed to say that!" - "What would happen if you did so anyway?"
I need those documents.
Whatever needs to happen will happen.
You put too much stuff in your wallet.
Do you know any authors who write in multiple languages?
We've got to find it before he does.
Do you want the long version or the short version?
Thank you. You've been very helpful.
His sympathy is just for show.
I really should have known that.
He who makes many threats is not dangerous.
Solidarity is a weapon.
I don't know where you live.
She arrived too early.
I'm a heroine.
I'm really worried that I haven't got enough time.
She is as flat as a pancake.
If he doesn't want to marry you, why did he get engaged to you?
I have never seen anyone who could solve that problem without help.
I would love to marry my fianc, if only he wanted to as well.
I was emotionally drained after listening to Tom rave on about his marriage problems for two hours.
I'll buy the wine and the apple juice.
Everyone coming to the party must bring their own contribution to the food and drink.
Tom's translation sounded rather stilted.
As a courtesy, Tom ran the first draft of his speech past his boss.
A wind advisory is in effect until the storm front passes.
Gusty winds are making travel hazardous for high profile vehicles.
Strong winds can blow away unsecured items.
I am interested in creating my own website.
"Where is your book?" "On the desk."
Stop fooling around and help me!
I give the money to my son.
The final stop of Tokaido line is Tokyo.
Sentences can teach us a lot. Much more than just words.
It reminds me of something.
I'm a fucking economist.
Be yourself; they'll gossip about you anyway.
Art thou being serious?
Can I finish talking even once, or do you want to keep interrupting me?
Her husband is rich.
His husband is rich.
The problem is that he hasn't got any money.
Will the weather on Saturday be sunny?
They don't like cats.
I thought you wanted to call your wife.
Love is love.
Please make some tea.
My day is perfect already.
Tom is a two-pot screamer and it's embarrassing going to the pub with him.
Would you fancy a game of Japanese chess?
Do you want to eat meatballs?
There is a biscuit underneath the table.
"Your Majesty!" "Oh, the gayness!" "YOUR MAJESTY!" "What?" "Mind your mouth!"
"Zelda, I'm going to save Gamelon from the evil forces of Duke Onkled!" "How?" "I'll take my ship to aid Gamelon." "But father, what if something happens to you?" "My ship will protect me!" "But father, what if you have to go on shore?"
Believe it or not, I'm not sarcastic this time.
Have you remembered to pre-order this beauty?
Either we all go or nobody goes.
Ganon has another trick up his sleeve.
The video claims to be fifty-one seconds long, but it is in fact over eternities in Ganon's pit!
How would I feel if someone killed me and no-one cared? I would be dead then, you damned idiot! I can't feel anything if I'm dead!
I lost my points.
Where does Marika live now?
That does not make sense.
Police are searching for an erratic driver believed to be involved in a fatal hit and run.
Tom is suspected of being involved in the bank robbery.
Tom's involvement in the bank robbery is yet to be established.
Tom's deep voice is so resonant and mellifluous that I could spend hours listening to him read aloud from the phone book.
Marys cat is so sweet that I really dont mind him curling up in my lap, but the way he insists on kneading my legs with his claws makes me feel like a pincushion.
Young kittens knead their mother's belly to stimulate her to produce milk, so when grown cats knead on you, it means they're happy and comfortable with you  just like you're their mama.
Mary pulled the ironing board out of the closet and unfolded it, setting it up beside the window.
Mary thought to herself that she ought to buy a new cover for the ironing board since the old one was getting pretty tattered.
Mary took the iron off the shelf, unwrapped the electrical cord, plugged in the iron and chose a heat setting.
As the iron was heating up, Mary poured distilled water into the reservoir to make steam.
Always use distilled water in steam irons because using ordinary water will cause a mineral build-up over time that will clog the steam holes.
Use the highest heat settings only when you're ironing fabrics made of natural fibers like cotton or linen.
Using high heat settings while ironing synthetic fabrics will melt the synthetic fibers and cause visible permanent damage, which often looks like a shiny area where the too-hot iron had the longest contact with the fabric.
When she was finished ironing, Mary switched off the iron and unplugged it, then left it alone for a while to let it cool.
After the iron had cooled off, Mary wrapped the electrical cord around the iron, put the iron back on the shelf, folded up the ironing board, and put it away back in the closet.
I love the way the air is so fresh and clean after it rains.
Tom made the comment so offhandedly that at first it seemed unimportant, but then I saw the tension in his face and his body language and it quickly became clear that it really meant the world to him.
Tom was excited about the new job offer since he'd felt stagnant and unappreciated in his current position, but when he told his boss that he was thinking about leaving, his boss told him that a promotion and a pay raise were in the offing if he would stay, so it left Tom in a quandary about what to do.
My formidable grandmother was such a stickler for language that whenever she heard someone ask "Can I" she would interrupt and snap back at them, "I don't know, can you? If you don't know yourself how would I know what you're capable of? If you're asking permission say 'May I' "
I've been dreading this moment for a long time.
I'm never so happy as when I'm in my garden.
Please listen carefully to what I say.
I'm not chasing them away from here.
The sentence is correct, however, I would word it differently.
Though Tom spoke with an accent he had an impressive vocabulary.
You won't finish today if you just sit there.
You have no legal right to seize my property.
You have a pretty smile.
You forgot to erase your name.
You don't have to snap at me like that.
Will anyone see me off at the station?
Why are you so serious?
Whose serve is it?
Who designed the sets for the play?
Where's that smoke coming from?
Where did you buy that skirt?
When is blueberry season?
When do you have to file your income tax returns?
When did you seed the lawn?
What's your rush?
What's the situation at the factory now?
What size are these shoes?
What seems to be the cause of the trouble?
What part of the country did they settle in?
We seized the town after a short battle.
We sat up all night talking.
We had a very smooth ride.
We don't want to be separated.
Wait until the tea leaves settle to the bottom.
Try to set a good example.
Try this for size.
Tom's hair is all silver.
Tom's grandfather was a slave.
Tom wrote a message on a slip of paper.
Tom wears simple clothes.
Tom wears silk neckties.
Tom was sentenced to three years.
Tom tried to persuade Mary to go.
Tom suddenly sat up in the chair.
Tom sneezes quite often. He may have hay fever.
Tom slipped the letter into the box.
Tom slept the whole morning away.
Tom slaves all day at the factory.
Tom sized up the situation at a glance.
Tom sings beautifully.
Tom sincerely believes that story.
Tom settled himself in the armchair.
Tom set the price at three hundred dollars.
Tom returned the ball with a forehand smash.
Tom ran a hundred meters in twelve seconds.
Tom never smiles.
Tom knows the Secretary of State.
Tom is very interested in this scheme.
Tom is still a small boy.
Tom is slow to anger.
Tom is serving a life sentence in prison.
Tom is driving too slow.
Tom is a smooth salesman.
Tom is a rather smart child.
Tom hasn't been here since Monday.
Tom has very white skin.
Tom has sense enough to stay out of trouble.
Tom has seen a lot in his time.
Tom has a son who's a senior in college.
Tom has a slight cold.
Tom had barely taken his coat off when they started asking questions.
Tom enlisted in the service.
Tom came here on a secret mission.
Tom broke his leg last year and has limped ever since.
Tom bought a car using his savings.
Tom and Mary were sitting when we came in.
Tom and Mary quietly slipped out of the room.
Time passed very slowly this week.
Those men are seasoned soldiers.
This vase has been sitting on the shelf for years.
This theater seats several hundred people.
This store has the best selection of hats in town.
This partition separates the two rooms.
This law only affects foreigners.
This just barely covers our living expenses.
This is the first volume of a series on modern philosophy.
This is the best season for hiking.
This is a smooth wine.
This is a serious matter.
This doesn't entirely rule out another possibility.
They were snowed in for a whole week.
They stood in line, waiting their turn.
They sought Tom's help.
They sold out their whole stock of bicycles.
They settled on the terms of the contract.
They sell furniture.
They searched the house, but found no clues.
They saw Tom through the trouble.
They looked high and low, but couldn't find the ring.
They kept silent about their plans.
These boots have seen plenty of service.
These are the simple facts.
These are select peaches.
There's no sense in doing that.
There's been quite a series of accidents lately.
There's a slight difference.
There's a secret drawer in the desk.
There isn't a scrap of food in the refrigerator.
The work here is fairly simple.
The sun will set tonight at 6:03.
The snow was so thick we couldn't see in front of us.
The sky is overcast.
The situation at home is getting more unbearable every day.
The sink is full of dirty dishes.
The shoes are made of alligator skin.
The seat of the chair needs repairing.
The seat of my pants is torn.
The sea was very smooth.
The room is rather small.
The rainy season set in early this year.
The matter slipped my mind completely.
The lecturer had interesting slides to show.
The last witness sealed the prisoner's fate.
The hunter was skinning the deer.
The house is situated on the top of the hill.
The garbage smells to high heaven.
The fishermen around here smoke most of their fish.
The dog has a very keen sense of smell.
The child ran to his mother.
That's the best movie I've seen in ages.
That's a simple matter.
That was pretty selfish of Tom not to let you use the car.
That stove smokes too much.
That perfume smells good.
Thanks for seeing me off.
Tell Tom to take a seat.
Snap out of it! You haven't done a thing all week.
Smooth out your dress.
Smell what's in this bottle.
Slow down!
Sit down over here, won't you?
Since you don't believe me, look for yourself.
Set the lamp on the table.
Serve the coffee now, please.
See what can be done about it.
See that the knife doesn't slip.
Secure the door before you leave.
Print it all in small letters.
Please sew these buttons on.
Please see that this letter is mailed sometime today.
Please gather some brushwood.
Please change the pillowcase.
Open the windows. There's too much smoke in here.
One sniff of that stuff was enough to make me sick.
My watch is an hour slow.
My father became senior foreman at the plant.
My desk back home is very similar to this one.
Mushrooms are in season now.
May I have a second helping?
May I be seated?
Mary makes her living by sewing.
Mary is wearing a silver ring.
Mary has a lot of sex appeal.
Mary covered her face to avoid being recognized.
Let's stop at the next service station.
Let's slip away quietly.
Let's skip out before Tom gets back.
Let's sit this dance out.
Let's go to the zoo to watch them feed the seals.
Let's go sledding this afternoon.
It's been reported that you're wasting money.
It only took Mary a few minutes to set the table.
It looks as if Tom is trying to slow down the negotiations.
Is Tom's illness serious, doctor?
Is this sterling silver?
Is this bolt secure?
Is it severe in the winter here?
Is it a slow train?
If you had been more tactful, you might have sold Tom the idea.
I've searched everywhere for a small apartment.
I've never sung this before.
I've looked everywhere, but can't find it.
I'm selling my car at a loss.
I'm dying for a smoke.
I'm afraid this boat will sink if we take more than seven people.
I'll try to get home during the holiday season.
I'll see you to the gate.
I'll see to all the arrangements.
I'd like to see more of you.
I wouldn't want Tom as a friend because he's very selfish.
I would never join a secret society.
I want to stay for several days.
I want to send a telegram.
I want to hire a servant.
I want to complain about the service.
I want a single room if possible.
I want a chess set.
I slipped up badly, didn't I?
I sincerely hope you'll get well soon.
I seem to be interrupting.
I need a secretary.
I must seize this opportunity.
I like the way Mary smiles.
I just got over a severe illness.
I intend to see the project through.
I haven't gone to the movies since I got here.
I have no special skill.
I had a similar experience once.
I got some good second-hand books today.
I got a smooth shave.
I feel secure in my new job.
I don't have any small change.
I don't get enough sleep.
I didn't understand that last sentence.
I didn't understand a single word Tom said.
How well can you skate?
How much is a meter of this red silk?
How much do eggs sell for?
How long did you serve in the army?
How does that seem to you?
How about singing that song for me again?
Get your skates. The lake is frozen.
For once, Tom simply had nothing to say.
First, I can't go. Second, I wouldn't go even if I could.
Fall is my favorite season.
Draw me a sketch of the first floor.
Don't slip on the ice.
Does Tom have a civil service job?
Do you think Mary wears smart clothes?
Do you smell smoke?
Do you sense something unusual?
Do you know whether Tom is married or single?
Do you know how to sew?
Do you have a complete set of Tom Jackson's works?
Did you sell your old piano?
Did you make a serious attempt to find Tom?
Cut the pipe into equal sections.
Could you do me a small service?
Come to see me tomorrow.
Can't you drive a little more slowly?
Can you set this poem to music?
Can you see in this light?
Can you secure a seat on the airplane for me?
Blood rushed to Tom's face.
Are there any poisonous snakes around here?
All the stolen goods were recovered.
All legitimate claims will be settled.
I like yellow books.
What does this mean for Australia?
What's the go for the afternoon?
Now it's another thing.
What's the go?
He makes my day so much brighter.
She makes my day so much brighter.
They make my day so much brighter.
You make my day so much brighter.
In Thailand, tension is high ahead of tomorrow's general election.
Tom tried the shirt on, but it wouldn't fit him.
As soon as Tom closed the front door behind him, he realised that his house keys were on the bench inside his apartment.
Red suits you.
I am just repeating what I have heard.
I'm only telling you what I heard.
How long does it take to get there by bus?
Your friends from Boston are more than welcome to come to my party tonight, too.
Your friend from Boston dropped by to visit this afternoon.
Your eyes are bloodshot.
You've never been to Boston, have you?
You're welcome to come with me to Boston.
You're both from Boston, aren't you?
You'd better watch Tom.
You went to Boston, right?
You sound like Tom.
You should've visited Boston.
You should visit Boston.
You should tell Tom to come early.
You should stay in Boston for a couple weeks.
You should go to Boston with me.
You have to tell Tom that you won't be going to Boston with him.
You don't want to go to Boston, do you?
You can't go to Boston this weekend.
Wouldn't it be fun to visit Boston together?
Would you like to live in Boston?
Why do we care about what Tom is going to do?
Why didn't Tom come?
Why didn't Tom come with you?
Why didn't you let me know you were in Boston?
Why did you run off to Boston?
Why did you come to Boston?
Why are you still in Boston?
Why are you here in Boston? You're supposed to be in Chicago, aren't you?
Why am I being taken back to Boston?
Why am I being asked to go back to Boston?
Who's the person Tom went to visit in Boston?
Who's the person Tom went to Boston to help?
Who do you know in Boston?
Where does Tom live now?
Whenever Tom comes to Boston, he stays with us.
Whenever Tom comes to Boston, he stays at our place.
When's Tom getting here?
When's Tom coming home?
When you get to Park Street, turn right.
When you get to Boston, please contact me.
When will you be in Boston?
When will we arrive in Boston?
When will Tom come to Boston?
When will I get to Boston?
When was the last time you went to Boston?
When Tom entered the room, he saw a large banner that said "Happy Birthday, Tom."
When Tom and I were in Boston, we visited Mary.
When is the next flight to Boston?
When I was in Boston, I visited Tom.
When I was in Boston, I ran into Tom.
When I was a kid, I went to Boston every summer.
When I moved to Boston, I was still in my thirties.
When I lived in Boston, I rode my bicycle every day.
When I first laid eyes on Tom, I knew he was different from any other man I'd ever met.
When did you move to Boston?
When did you go to Boston?
When did you get to Boston?
When did you get back from Boston?
When did you come to Boston?
When did you come back from Boston?
When did Tom get to Boston?
When did Tom get back from Boston?
When did Tom come back from Boston?
What's wrong with going to Boston by myself?
What's the weather like in Boston?
What's the tallest building in Boston?
What's gotten into Tom?
What's been bothering you?
What was the situation in Boston?
What was the name of that little shop in Boston where Tom worked?
What time will Tom arrive in Boston?
What time will the flight arrive in Boston?
What time is it now in Boston?
What time is it in Boston now?
What time does Flight from Boston arrive?
What time do you think you'll get to Boston?
What is the situation in Boston?
What happened with Tom?
What happened to your ankle?
What happened to Tom in Boston?
What happened in Boston?
What do you think of Boston?
What do you mean you're going to Boston?
What do you do in Boston?
What did you do in Boston while you were there?
Were you really in Boston?
We've lived in Boston three years.
We're talking about Tom.
We're talking about Tom, not Mary.
We're planning a trip to Boston.
We're going to Boston.
We're flying to Boston tomorrow.
We'll get to Boston before it gets dark, I think.
We were worried that Tom might not make friends in Boston, but he seems to be doing OK.
We were in Boston last summer.
We went to Boston last year.
We went to Boston by plane.
We went to Boston by bus.
We visited a small, hundred year-old church on Park Street.
We talked a long time about Boston.
We shouldn't ignore that possibility.
We returned to Boston on October 20th.
We reached Boston after midnight.
We live in Boston.
We have to find it before Tom does.
We have a plant in Boston.
We had a stopover in Boston.
We had a layover in Boston.
We got to Boston yesterday.
We got married on October 20th.
We flew from Boston to Chicago.
We came back by way of Boston.
We arrived in Boston the day before yesterday.
We arrived in Boston late at night.
Watch out for Tom.
Was Tom the one who told you that?
Was Tom telling the truth?
Was Tom in Boston yesterday?
Up until three days ago, I'd never even heard of Tom Jackson.
Tom's office is on Park Street.
Tom's mother told him not to jump on his bed.
Tom's last name is Jackson.
Tom's hand was bitten by a moray eel.
Tom's disappointment was obvious.
Tom's body had been stabbed over thirty times.
Tom's appointment ran late.
Tom works at our Boston office.
Tom wondered why it took Mary so long to get ready.
Tom will probably come.
Tom will land in Boston in an hour and a half.
Tom will go to Boston the month after next.
Tom will be waiting for us.
Tom will be very disappointed if Mary doesn't come to visit.
Tom will be safe here.
Tom will be right there.
Tom will be catching the next flight back to Boston.
Tom will be back tomorrow afternoon.
Tom will be back in Boston tomorrow night.
Tom will be back from Boston tomorrow.
Tom will be back from Boston next week.
Tom will be back before you know it.
Tom will be all right in a few minutes.
Tom will arrive in Boston tomorrow afternoon.
Tom will arrive in Boston at 2:30.
Tom went to visit his sister in Boston.
Tom went to Boston to visit his uncle.
Tom went to Boston to see Mary.
Tom went to Boston on Monday.
Tom went to Boston on important business.
Tom went to Boston last year.
Tom went to Boston in 2003.
Tom went to Boston by plane.
Tom went to Boston by bus.
Tom went to Boston by airplane.
Tom went over to Mary's house to help.
Tom went back to Boston.
Tom was wrong about that, but he was right about everything else.
Tom was worried about what might happen.
Tom was wearing an ugly plaid jacket and a polka-dot tie.
Tom was walking down Park Street.
Tom was trying to pick the lock.
Tom was the only one at the meeting that I knew.
Tom was taken hostage.
Tom was taken by surprise.
Tom was standing beside Mary.
Tom was right not to go there by himself.
Tom was mortally injured.
Tom was Mary's boyfriend in junior high school.
Tom was lonely.
Tom was killed in a car crash last year in Boston.
Tom was kidnapped and held by his captors in an abandoned building on Park Street.
Tom was in Boston last week.
Tom was in Boston last week, wasn't he?
Tom was in Boston last week, but I don't know if he's still there.
Tom was in Boston at that time.
Tom was in Boston a year ago.
Tom was in an accident and is now in a hospital in Boston.
Tom was found dead in his hotel room in Boston three days ago.
Tom was fingerprinted by the police.
Tom was even more surprised than Mary was.
Tom was driving too fast.
Tom was driving south on Park Street.
Tom was dazed and confused.
Tom was caught off guard.
Tom was caught by surprise.
Tom was asleep when I got home.
Tom was afraid that the police might arrest him.
Tom wanted to know what was in the package.
Tom wanted to get back to work, but Mary wouldn't leave.
Tom wanted to get back to Boston.
Tom walked to Park Street and then turned left.
Tom walked right past Mary without recognizing her.
Tom walked over to where Mary was standing.
Tom walked over to the window and looked out.
Tom walked over to the door and opened it.
Tom walked over to Mary's desk.
Tom walked over to Mary and kissed her.
Tom walked into the living room, still buttoning his shirt.
Tom walked down Park Street past Mary's house.
Tom walked back into the building.
Tom walked back inside the building.
Tom walked back in through the door.
Tom visited Boston last year.
Tom used to work for a big firm in Boston.
Tom used to be a private investigator in Boston.
Tom tried to sucker punch John.
Tom tried to stop Mary from going to Boston.
Tom tried to stay awake, but he soon fell asleep.
Tom took something from his pocket and gave it to Mary.
Tom took a lot of pictures when he was in Boston.
Tom told me you're from Boston.
Tom told me to drive to Boston.
Tom told me he was thinking of going to Boston.
Tom told me he was planning to go to college in Boston.
Tom told me he was planning to go to Boston in October.
Tom told me he was planning to go on a cycling trip next summer.
Tom told me he likes living in Boston.
Tom told me he likes going to concerts.
Tom told me he likes Chinese food.
Tom told Mary he was on his way to Boston.
Tom swims laps every morning before going to work.
Tom stumbled over something on the floor.
Tom stopped the timer.
Tom stopped at his grandfather's farm on his way to Boston.
Tom stood in the doorway for a moment before entering the room.
Tom stood by himself next to the lamppost.
Tom stood at the counter, talking to the receptionist.
Tom stayed in Boston over a month.
Tom stayed in Boston for three weeks.
Tom stayed in Boston for three days.
Tom started to choke.
Tom spent three years in the Boston working as an undercover policeman.
Tom spent his entire life helping people.
Tom slipped back into unconsciousness.
Tom sits behind Mary in science class.
Tom showed up in Boston three days after he said he would.
Tom showed Mary the photographs.
Tom showed Mary the list.
Tom showed Mary the chart.
Tom should be in Boston by now.
Tom seems to be hiding something.
Tom seems relaxed.
Tom seems like a very nice man.
Tom says you've never been to Boston.
Tom says that he has to go to Boston tomorrow.
Tom says that he and Mary are moving to Boston.
Tom says he's never been to Boston.
Tom says he'll go to Boston in October.
Tom says he wished he could go with us.
Tom says he heard the entire conversation.
Tom saw someone standing on the balcony.
Tom said he'd walk Mary home.
Tom said he would come over this evening.
Tom said he wasn't going to wait for permission.
Tom said he wasn't going to wait for Mary.
Tom said he wasn't going anywhere.
Tom said he was planning to hitchhike to Boston.
Tom said he thought he heard voices in the next room.
Tom removed his glasses.
Tom remained utterly calm.
Tom regretted getting that tattoo, so he had it removed.
Tom regrets what happened.
Tom reformatted his hard drive.
Tom reached over and took Mary's hand.
Tom ran out of money and had to cut his trip short.
Tom raised his right hand.
Tom raised his gun.
Tom raised his glass.
Tom quietly opened the apartment door.
Tom put the pot back on the stove.
Tom put the gun back in his waistband.
Tom put on his right blinker.
Tom put his harmonica in his pocket.
Tom put his gun back in its holster.
Tom put his glasses back on.
Tom put everything back into the bag.
Tom pulled his cap down over his eyes.
Tom pulled back the curtains and looked out the window.
Tom promised he wouldn't leave town.
Tom probably knows why Mary isn't here.
Tom probably knows what Mary is planning to do.
Tom plans to stay in Boston until October.
Tom owned a carpet store on Park Street.
Tom overheard their conversation.
Tom overheard John and Mary talking about him.
Tom ought to have arrived in Boston by now.
Tom opened his locker.
Tom often goes to Boston on business.
Tom never complains, even when things get tough.
Tom never came back home.
Tom must've been planning this for weeks.
Tom must be scared.
Tom moved to Boston last month.
Tom moved to Boston in 2003.
Tom might be in Boston.
Tom mentioned he was concerned about you.
Tom mentioned he had to work next weekend.
Tom may have already left for Boston.
Tom made himself comfortable on the couch.
Tom made himself comfortable in the chair.
Tom made himself as comfortable as possible.
Tom lost his camera in Boston.
Tom looks very confused.
Tom looks exceptionally bored.
Tom looks depressed and frustrated.
Tom lives with his parents in Boston.
Tom lives on Park Street.
Tom lives in the suburbs of Boston.
Tom lives in Boston now.
Tom lives in a small town not too far from Boston.
Tom lives in a small town near Boston.
Tom lives at Park Street.
Tom lived on Park Street.
Tom lived in Boston when he was a kid.
Tom lived in Boston for three years when he was a kid.
Tom lived in Boston for years.
Tom lived in Boston before, right?
Tom lit a candle.
Tom likes to watch baseball on TV.
Tom likes to sleep late.
Tom likes this place better than where he used to live.
Tom likes me more than he likes you.
Tom likes long bus rides.
Tom liked to write stories.
Tom liked me well enough.
Tom let us all down.
Tom let the prisoner escape.
Tom let Mary play his guitar.
Tom lent me the money I needed.
Tom left without me.
Tom left with no notice.
Tom left us this map.
Tom left us some things.
Tom left us some food and water.
Tom left the next morning.
Tom left the knife behind.
Tom left the conference room.
Tom left me no choice.
Tom left me in control.
Tom left me a message.
Tom left it to me.
Tom left in a hurry.
Tom left his jacket somewhere and he can't remember where.
Tom left for Boston.
Tom left for Boston yesterday.
Tom left fingerprints on the doorknob of the room where the body was found.
Tom left everything to you.
Tom left everything to me.
Tom left everything to Mary.
Tom left earlier this morning.
Tom left Boston yesterday.
Tom left Boston three weeks ago.
Tom left because of you.
Tom left an hour ago.
Tom left after one year.
Tom left a while ago.
Tom left a suicide note.
Tom led the way.
Tom led the discussion.
Tom leaves for Boston tomorrow.
Tom leaned back against the wall.
Tom knows you better than he knows anyone else.
Tom knows why Mary is in Boston.
Tom knows where I work.
Tom knows where I am.
Tom knows what's on the schedule.
Tom knows what's in the bag.
Tom knows what's at stake.
Tom knows what went wrong.
Tom knows what those are used for.
Tom knows what it's for.
Tom knows time's running out.
Tom knows this isn't good.
Tom knows this isn't any good.
Tom knows there's a problem.
Tom knows the police suspect him.
Tom knows that's no good.
Tom knows that Mary is hungry.
Tom knows something isn't right.
Tom knows me pretty well.
Tom knows it's too late.
Tom knows it's his call.
Tom knows it's a lie.
Tom knows it can't happen.
Tom knows I've been shot.
Tom knows I usually go there on Mondays.
Tom knows I like him.
Tom knows he's being watched.
Tom knows he can't win.
Tom knows exactly what he's talking about.
Tom knew where I was.
Tom knew something went wrong, didn't he?
Tom knew something bad had happened.
Tom knew Mary wasn't really paying attention.
Tom knew Mary was being sarcastic.
Tom knew it was too late to call, but he called anyway.
Tom knew it was safer to walk on the sidewalk, but he walked down the center of the road.
Tom knew instantly that something was wrong.
Tom knew I'd be there.
Tom knew I'd be awake.
Tom knew I'd be asleep at 2:in the morning, but he called anyway.
Tom knew I needed them, but he refused to give them to me.
Tom knew he was about to die.
Tom kind of looks like somebody I used to know.
Tom killed his own father.
Tom kept things from us.
Tom kept it well hidden.
Tom kept it to himself.
Tom keeps saying he's innocent.
Tom just talked to me.
Tom just shot Mary.
Tom just saved my life.
Tom just lost his job.
Tom just left for school.
Tom just got that suit.
Tom just got evicted.
Tom just got back home.
Tom Jackson's obituary said that he was born in Boston.
Tom Jackson was born in Boston on October 20, 1995.
Tom Jackson wanted to become the mayor of Boston.
Tom Jackson is one of the best detectives in Boston.
Tom Jackson is from our Boston office.
Tom isn't yet old enough to get a driver's license.
Tom isn't wearing any pants.
Tom isn't really listening.
Tom isn't quite himself lately.
Tom isn't one of us.
Tom isn't one of them.
Tom isn't listening to Mary.
Tom isn't listening anymore.
Tom isn't John and Mary's son.
Tom isn't here right now.
Tom isn't having much success.
Tom isn't going to wait.
Tom isn't going to help you.
Tom isn't going to Boston.
Tom isn't doing any harm.
Tom isn't coming back here.
Tom is writing a letter.
Tom is working too hard.
Tom is working on that.
Tom is working on something.
Tom is washing dishes.
Tom is waiting in the lobby.
Tom is waiting in line.
Tom is waiting for me.
Tom is waiting for Mary in front of the supermarket.
Tom is visiting Boston.
Tom is upstairs in bed.
Tom is upstairs getting dressed.
Tom is tuning his guitar.
Tom is trying hard to get the report written before 2:30.
Tom is thinking it over.
Tom is thinking about it.
Tom is the son of a famous professor in Boston.
Tom is taking this hard.
Tom is taking swimming lessons.
Tom is taking over.
Tom is taking his time.
Tom is taking a bath.
Tom is still very uneasy.
Tom is still very groggy.
Tom is still very agitated.
Tom is still under surveillance.
Tom is still tied up.
Tom is still on probation.
Tom is still not here.
Tom is still not convinced.
Tom is still not back.
Tom is still not answering his phone.
Tom is still my friend.
Tom is still in town.
Tom is still in the library.
Tom is still in surgery.
Tom is still in shock.
Tom is still in jail.
Tom is still in college.
Tom is still doing his homework.
Tom is staying with a friend in Boston.
Tom is staying in Boston.
Tom is sleeping on the couch.
Tom is sitting with Mary.
Tom is seeing a therapist.
Tom is right on time.
Tom is reading the newspaper.
Tom is reading a magazine.
Tom is planning to go to Boston next week, isn't he?
Tom is passed out again.
Tom is parking the car.
Tom is packing his bags.
Tom is on his way to Boston.
Tom is obviously upset with Mary's behavior.
Tom is obviously trying to cause trouble.
Tom is obviously lying through his teeth.
Tom is now staying in Boston.
Tom is now on some sort of secret mission.
Tom is not too pleased.
Tom is not overly friendly.
Tom is never coming back.
Tom is moving back home.
Tom is married, has three kids, and lives in Boston.
Tom is mad at me.
Tom is looking at photographs.
Tom is living somewhere in Boston.
Tom is living here now.
Tom is leaving for Boston tomorrow.
Tom is leaving Boston tomorrow.
Tom is just doing his job.
Tom is just being silly.
Tom is just being polite.
Tom is just being honest.
Tom is just being helpful.
Tom is independently wealthy.
Tom is in prison for murder.
Tom is in my office right now.
Tom is in incredible shape.
Tom is in his room, packing a suitcase.
Tom is in Boston on business now.
Tom is in Boston now.
Tom is going to regret it.
Tom is going to regret doing that.
Tom is going to pay you.
Tom is going to pass.
Tom is going to need help.
Tom is going to love that.
Tom is going to lose.
Tom is going to jail.
Tom is going to help us.
Tom is going to come back.
Tom is going to Boston.
Tom is going to Boston the day after tomorrow.
Tom is going to Boston on business next week.
Tom is going to be thrilled.
Tom is going to be OK.
Tom is going to be mad.
Tom is going to be late.
Tom is going to be furious.
Tom is getting ready to leave for Boston.
Tom is getting ready to go.
Tom is getting agitated.
Tom is flying to Boston next Monday.
Tom is enjoying this.
Tom is driving back to Boston and should be there by 2:30.
Tom is doing really well.
Tom is doing much better.
Tom is doing just fine.
Tom is doing better today.
Tom is doing all right.
Tom is depressed and upset.
Tom is depending on you.
Tom is cool under pressure.
Tom is coming to Boston tomorrow.
Tom is cleaning the pool.
Tom is being very uncooperative.
Tom is being very cooperative.
Tom is being very charming.
Tom is being very brave.
Tom is being released from prison today.
Tom is being held prisoner.
Tom is being held hostage.
Tom is being deliberately deceptive.
Tom is back to normal.
Tom is back in uniform.
Tom is back in jail.
Tom is back in Boston.
Tom is back at the house, catching up on his sleep.
Tom is approximately Mary's age.
Tom is always doing this.
Tom is always doing that.
Tom is also getting ready.
Tom is already a father.
Tom is all right now.
Tom is afraid of you.
Tom is a smart guy.
Tom is a really successful musician.
Tom is a martyr now.
Tom is a lot better.
Tom is a heavy sleeper.
Tom is a great person.
Tom is a great kisser.
Tom is a family friend.
Tom is a close friend.
Tom is a bright young man.
Tom insists on seeing you.
Tom hugged Mary even tighter.
Tom helped Mary climb over the fence.
Tom held out his hand.
Tom held his hand out.
Tom hates us.
Tom hasn't yet told Mary about what happened.
Tom hasn't told us his opinion yet.
Tom hasn't told Mary yet.
Tom hasn't talked to Mary yet?
Tom hasn't slept all night.
Tom hasn't shown up yet.
Tom hasn't seen Mary yet.
Tom hasn't said anything either.
Tom hasn't returned my calls.
Tom hasn't regained consciousness yet.
Tom hasn't opened the box yet.
Tom hasn't met Mary yet.
Tom hasn't had the chance to do that yet.
Tom hasn't found it yet.
Tom hasn't done it yet.
Tom hasn't done anything wrong.
Tom hasn't done anything wrong, as far as I know.
Tom hasn't checked in yet.
Tom hasn't called yet.
Tom hasn't been wrong yet.
Tom hasn't been so lucky.
Tom hasn't been in school.
Tom hasn't been in school for a week.
Tom hasn't been himself lately.
Tom hasn't been around today.
Tom hasn't arrived in Boston yet.
Tom has written a couple of books.
Tom has two brothers. They both live in Boston.
Tom has two brothers. Neither of them live in Boston.
Tom has two brothers. Both of them live in Boston.
Tom has three brothers in Boston.
Tom has saved many lives.
Tom has relatives in Boston.
Tom has never visited Boston.
Tom has never been there.
Tom has made his choice.
Tom has made a decision.
Tom has lost sight in his left eye.
Tom has lost his hearing.
Tom has lived in Boston since he was three.
Tom has lived in Boston since 2003.
Tom has lived in Boston for quite some time now.
Tom has left the building.
Tom has just been kidnapped.
Tom has his own problems.
Tom has his hands full.
Tom has got stomach cancer.
Tom has got a record.
Tom has got a problem.
Tom has got a point.
Tom has got a plan.
Tom has got a good reason.
Tom has gone to bed.
Tom has gone back to Boston.
Tom has given his word.
Tom has given his blessing.
Tom has done well here.
Tom has done some time.
Tom has done nothing wrong.
Tom has cut his finger.
Tom has certain qualities you'll appreciate.
Tom has been worried sick.
Tom has been waiting for this.
Tom has been waiting for Mary for more than three hours.
Tom has been waiting for a long time.
Tom has been very upset.
Tom has been very uncooperative.
Tom has been very supportive.
Tom has been very helpful.
Tom has been very generous.
Tom has been very depressed.
Tom has been very cooperative.
Tom has been upset.
Tom has been uncooperative.
Tom has been treated unfairly.
Tom has been treated fairly.
Tom has been to Boston.
Tom has been to Boston twice.
Tom has been to Boston three times.
Tom has been to Boston before.
Tom has been through enough.
Tom has been there before.
Tom has been taken captive.
Tom has been supportive.
Tom has been seriously injured.
Tom has been really upset.
Tom has been living just outside Boston for years.
Tom has been living in Boston since he was a kid.
Tom has been living in Boston since he graduated from college.
Tom has been living in Boston for three years.
Tom has been living in Boston for many years.
Tom has been in prison.
Tom has been in Boston for three years.
Tom has been in Boston before.
Tom has been here before.
Tom has been helpful.
Tom has been gone for ages.
Tom has been generous.
Tom has been expecting this.
Tom has been depressed.
Tom has been cooperative.
Tom has been acting kind of strange.
Tom has arrived in Boston already.
Tom has always been quiet.
Tom has already set the table.
Tom has admitted doing so.
Tom has a modest two-bedroom house in Boston.
Tom has a lot of friends in Boston.
Tom has a house in Boston.
Tom has a brother who lives in Boston.
Tom handed Mary the flashlight.
Tom handed Mary the briefcase.
Tom handed Mary the box.
Tom handed Mary the book.
Tom handed Mary his phone.
Tom handed Mary his key.
Tom handed Mary his card.
Tom handed Mary a pen.
Tom handed Mary a pamphlet.
Tom handed Mary a notebook.
Tom handed Mary a glass.
Tom handed Mary a drink.
Tom handed Mary a bottle.
Tom handed Mary a banana.
Tom had to spend a night in jail.
Tom had to go to Boston on short notice.
Tom had a car accident in Boston.
Tom graduated from Harvard.
Tom graduated from Harvard with honors.
Tom grabbed his coat and put it back on.
Tom got thrown out of the bar.
Tom got out of the hospital yesterday.
Tom got here shortly after 2:30.
Tom got everything wrong.
Tom got an acting job in Hollywood.
Tom goes to college in Boston.
Tom goes to Boston at least once a month.
Tom goes to a church on Park Street.
Tom glanced right and then left.
Tom glanced over his shoulder.
Tom glanced over at Mary.
Tom glanced left and right.
Tom glanced down.
Tom gives me things from time to time.
Tom gave Mary a handmade potholder.
Tom gave it to Mary.
Tom found out about it on his own.
Tom fooled us.
Tom flew to Boston to attend his daughter's wedding.
Tom flew to Boston on business.
Tom flew from Boston to Chicago.
Tom finally realized there was something wrong.
Tom finally lost patience.
Tom filled the glass with water.
Tom fell through the ice.
Tom fell asleep while reading.
Tom fell asleep while reading the newspaper.
Tom fell asleep reading a book.
Tom drove a truck to Boston.
Tom doesn't want anyone to know that he's rich.
Tom doesn't trust us.
Tom doesn't trust me anymore.
Tom doesn't seem particularly interested in sports.
Tom doesn't seem particularly interested in Mary.
Tom doesn't seem particularly interested in learning French.
Tom doesn't look very confident.
Tom doesn't look good.
Tom doesn't like people touching his stuff.
Tom doesn't like having his picture taken.
Tom doesn't know when to shut up.
Tom doesn't know about this yet.
Tom doesn't have many friends in Boston.
Tom doesn't even have a driver's license.
Tom doesn't agree with me.
Tom died of natural causes.
Tom didn't turn around.
Tom didn't seem surprised by Mary's news.
Tom didn't need our help.
Tom didn't look entirely convinced.
Tom didn't like it when Mary used his toothbrush.
Tom didn't have enough strength to open the drawer.
Tom did what Mary wanted.
Tom did that last year.
Tom did it for you.
Tom did it for me.
Tom did all the talking.
Tom dialed Mary's number.
Tom decided to tell Mary about his past.
Tom cut class again today.
Tom cruised down Park Street in his new sports car.
Tom crawled under his bed.
Tom couldn't remember what he had done.
Tom couldn't pay his bills.
Tom couldn't look after himself.
Tom couldn't keep from crying.
Tom couldn't hold a job.
Tom couldn't have understood us.
Tom couldn't have hurt Mary.
Tom couldn't have helped Mary.
Tom couldn't have done better.
Tom couldn't go with Mary.
Tom couldn't get a job.
Tom couldn't find a fire extinguisher.
Tom could've taken the money.
Tom could've stopped it.
Tom could've saved himself.
Tom could use the moral support.
Tom could use our help.
Tom could tell Mary was troubled.
Tom could tell Mary was tired.
Tom could tell Mary was sincere.
Tom could tell Mary was serious.
Tom could tell Mary was nervous.
Tom comes to Boston once or twice a year.
Tom can't seem to stop talking about you.
Tom can't hurt you anymore.
Tom can't be in Boston. I just saw him in Chicago.
Tom can stay with you.
Tom came to see you.
Tom came to my rescue.
Tom came to Boston when he was thirteen years old.
Tom came here to help.
Tom came here from Boston.
Tom came here for help.
Tom came by to visit late yesterday afternoon.
Tom came back to Boston.
Tom came back from Boston the week before last.
Tom came back by way of Boston.
Tom came all the way from Boston just to see Mary.
Tom called me up from Boston.
Tom called me last night from Boston.
Tom called from Boston.
Tom bought me this jacket.
Tom bought Mary a gift.
Tom bought a small house in Boston.
Tom boarded a bus bound for Boston.
Tom blinked again.
Tom began climbing the ladder.
Tom attempted to rescue Mary.
Tom asked me to meet him at the airport.
Tom asked Mary to say a few words.
Tom asked if he could spend the night at his friend's house.
Tom and Mary thought it might be a good idea to have a fundraiser.
Tom and Mary crashed John's party.
Tom and Mary are anxiously waiting outside.
Tom and I were lucky to escape.
Tom and I took turns driving.
Tom and I aren't divorced.
Tom and his lawyer left the courtroom together just a few minutes ago.
This photo was taken in Boston three years ago.
This is where Tom worked.
This is what Tom wanted.
This is Tom Jackson, your court appointed attorney.
This is Tom Jackson, my personal assistant.
This is the vase that Tom broke.
This is the pair of sunglasses I bought in Boston.
This is the last call for Flight to Boston.
This is the first time I've ever been to Boston.
This is one of Boston's finest hotels.
This is one of Boston's best hotels.
This is Boston's oldest restaurant.
This car belongs to Tom.
There's something I didn't tell you, Tom.
There's someone I have to get in touch with in Boston.
There's someone I have to contact in Boston.
There's nothing wrong with Tom.
There's nothing wrong with that.
There's no reason both of us need to go to Boston.
There's no place like Boston.
There's no one who can play the guitar like Tom Jackson.
There's always something new to see in Boston.
There's a lot to see in Boston.
There's a mini mall on Park Street.
There was a note on my desk in Tom's handwriting.
There seems to be something wrong.
There are many parks in Boston.
There are a lot of tall buildings in Boston.
There are a lot of places to visit in Boston.
There are a few hotels on Park Street.
The weather is fine in Boston.
The situation Tom described actually happened once in Boston.
The same thing happened three years ago in Boston.
The museum guard told us not to touch anything.
The motorcade made its way down Park Street.
The man on the porch looked like Tom.
The last city on my list was Boston.
The judge asked the defendant if he knew the difference between telling the truth and telling a lie.
The courthouse is on Park Street.
The city of Boston thanks you for your service.
The airline sent my suitcase to Boston by mistake.
That's what Tom would say?
That's what Tom would do.
That's what Tom said to Mary.
That's what happened to Tom.
That's what got Tom killed.
That's not what Tom wants.
That's not what Tom said.
That's how Tom did it.
That's exactly what Tom thinks.
That's entirely up to Tom.
That reminds me of something.
That reminds me of something I need to do.
That matter still seems to be on Tom's mind.
Tell us what happened to Tom.
Tell Tom what you heard.
Tell Tom I'm coming over.
Tell Tom I'll call back.
Tell Tom I have to go to Boston for a few days.
Tell me about what happened in Boston.
Stay out of Tom's way.
Sometimes Tom gets things wrong.
Something's worrying Tom.
Something's happening on Park Street.
Something seems to have caught Tom's attention.
Something outside the window caught Tom's attention.
Something must have happened in Boston. Tom seems really depressed.
Something horrible is going to happen.
Something has obviously caught Tom's attention.
Something great is going to happen.
Something great is about to happen.
Something bad happened to Tom.
Some rich guy from Boston just bought the house next to mine.
Some people think that French is a difficult language.
Some people say Boston is a dangerous city.
Please tell me about your trip to Boston.
Please take me to Tom.
Please stay away from Tom.
Please just get on a plane and come to Boston.
Please give Tom my best.
Please deliver this package to Tom.
Please come with me to Boston.
Please call me as soon as you know anything about Tom's condition.
Perhaps Tom knows something that we don't.
People who've never been to Boston don't know what they're missing.
Park Street used to be a dirt road.
Our plane landed in Boston just before the storm hit.
Our office used to be on Park Street.
Our main office is in Boston.
Of course, I told Tom.
Of course, I remember Tom.
Next year's conference will be held in Boston.
Neither of us were in Boston at that time.
My parents live in Boston.
My older brother, Tom, was born here in Boston.
My grandparents had a house in Boston.
My doctor suggested that I see a specialist in Boston.
My brother is living in Boston.
My brother in Boston is studying to become a teacher.
Maybe we should've listened to Tom.
Maybe we should tell Tom.
Maybe we should call Tom.
Maybe we ought to ask Tom.
Maybe Tom has already gone home.
Maybe Tom can save us.
Maybe Tom can join us.
May I call you Tom?
Mary works as a waitress at a restaurant on Park Street.
Mary told Tom she didn't want him to date other women.
Mary showed up at school wearing a nice dress.
Many people here consider Tom their best friend.
Make sure you tell Tom.
Make sure you tell Tom to be here by 2:30.
Make sure you don't hurt yourself.
Make sure Tom gets this.
Look what I made for Tom.
Let's wait for the test results.
Let's take a trip to Boston.
Let's go to the new Chinese restaurant on Park Street.
Let's get together for dinner the next time you're in Boston.
Let us talk to Tom.
Let Tom get some rest.
Let me tell you something about Boston.
Let me speak to Tom.
Leave your number with my secretary.
It's snowing in Boston.
It's probably going to be hard for you to leave Boston.
It's obvious Tom doesn't like Mary.
It's obvious Tom doesn't know anything.
It's not the job.
It's not far to Boston.
It's nearly midnight in Boston.
It's great that you've volunteered to help.
It's common knowledge that you don't like Tom.
It's been three months since Tom's accident.
It's almost three hundred miles to Boston from here.
It's a beautiful day here in Boston.
It's miles from here to Boston.
It's 2:in Boston now.
It'll be after dark by the time we land in Boston.
It wouldn't have made any difference.
It was raining hard in Boston.
It was light enough.
It was in Boston that I first met Tom.
It was degrees in Boston today.
It took us three hours to get to Boston.
It took me three hours to get here from Boston.
It snowed in Boston last night.
It doesn't make any difference anymore.
Isn't that what Tom said?
Is Tom staying at the Hilton Hotel?
Is Tom on any medication?
Is Tom going with you?
Is this your first visit to Boston?
Is this your first time in Boston?
Is that where Tom is?
Is that what Tom wants?
Is that what Tom meant?
Is it true you're moving to Boston?
Is it true Tom is moving to Boston?
Is it possible to get to Boston by train?
Is it far from here to Boston?
Is Boston very far away?
Is Boston far away?
If you ever do come to Boston, definitely give me a call.
If I remember correctly, Boston is beautiful this time of year.
I've visited Boston twice.
I've visited Boston before.
I've visited Boston a few times.
I've lived in Boston three years.
I've heard that there are many Japanese restaurants in Boston.
I've heard that most police cars don't have bulletproof glass.
I've heard that it's dangerous to be walking alone on Park Street after dark.
I've heard that Boston is a dangerous place. Is that true?
I've had enough to eat for now.
I've got a big week ahead of me.
I've gone to Boston twice.
I've eaten enough for now.
I've checked and rechecked the results.
I've been watching Tom.
I've been to Boston twice.
I've been to Boston quite a few times.
I've been to Boston only once.
I've been to Boston once.
I've been to Boston many times.
I've been to Boston before.
I've been to Boston a couple of times.
I've been living in Boston for three years.
I've been in Boston for over a year.
I've been having difficulty sleeping.
I've already tried three different ways.
I've already tried three different methods.
I've already tried three different approaches.
I'm working in Boston now.
I'm thinking of going to Boston.
I'm supposed to go to Boston the week after next.
I'm supposed to go to Boston next week to attend a wedding.
I'm staying at a hotel in Boston.
I'm planning to stay in Boston for three months.
I'm not interested in talking about Tom.
I'm not going to be able to go to Boston with Tom tomorrow.
I'm looking forward to visiting Tom in Boston.
I'm looking for a job in Boston.
I'm interested in that house you've got for rent on Park Street.
I'm in Boston right now.
I'm having dinner with Tom tonight.
I'm going to run.
I'm going to go to Boston tomorrow.
I'm going to Boston tomorrow.
I'm going to Boston to visit Tom.
I'm going to Boston this summer.
I'm going to Boston next week to visit Tom.
I'm going to Boston next spring.
I'm going to Boston next month.
I'm dying to see Boston.
I'm dying to go to Boston.
I'm coming back to Boston in October.
I'm at a gas station thirty miles south of Boston.
I'm an eighth-grade science teacher in Boston.
I'll leave Boston tonight.
I'll go to Boston.
I'll go to Boston tomorrow.
I'll go to Boston next year.
I'll go to Boston by bus.
I'll give you a call as soon as I arrive in Boston.
I'll drive to Boston.
I'll drive to Boston tomorrow.
I'll call you as soon as I get to Boston.
I'll be returning to Boston sometime next month.
I'll be in Boston on business next week.
I'll be in Boston by this time tomorrow.
I'll arrive in Boston at about 2:30.
I'd rather be here than in Boston.
I'd like to visit Boston.
I'd like to visit Boston someday.
I'd like to study in Boston.
I'd like to return to Boston someday.
I'd like to live in Boston someday.
I'd like to go to Boston.
I'd like to go to Boston someday.
I'd like to get away from Boston for a few days.
I'd like to be in Boston right now.
I'd go to Boston if I had the chance.
I, too, have been to Boston many times.
I would definitely not recommend Tom for the job.
I would consider Boston a very big city.
I worked in Boston for three years.
I worked at a car wash when I lived in Boston.
I work in Boston.
I won this guitar in a poker game three weeks ago in Boston.
I wish I were in Boston.
I wish I were in Boston now.
I wish I could be in Boston right now.
I went to high school in Boston.
I went to Boston.
I went to Boston last year.
I went to Boston last month.
I went to Boston by car.
I was still at home at that time.
I was raised in Boston.
I was lucky to escape.
I was in Boston yesterday.
I was in Boston when that happened.
I was in Boston most of last summer.
I was in Boston last winter.
I was in Boston last month.
I was in Boston in October.
I was in Boston for a few days last month.
I was born in Boston, but was brought up in Chicago.
I was born in Boston, but I was brought up in Chicago.
I was born in Boston in 1995.
I was born in in Boston.
I wanted to go to Boston.
I want to leave Boston.
I want to go to Boston someday.
I visited Boston a long time ago.
I used to work for a small company in Boston.
I took a trip to Boston.
I told Tom we'd be in Boston by 2:on Monday.
I thought you wanted to eat at that Chinese restaurant on Park Street.
I thought Tom was going to be in Boston last month.
I think you should take that job in Boston.
I think we'll reach Boston before dark.
I think we'll probably reach Boston before dark.
I think we should go straight to Boston.
I think Tom went to Boston by car.
I think Tom was hiding something.
I think Tom said he'd be staying in Boston for three weeks.
I think Tom has been wrongfully accused.
I think this is the most impressive building on Park Street.
I think this is the best restaurant in Boston.
I think this is the best Chinese restaurant in Boston.
I think something like this could only happen in Boston.
I think Boston is worth visiting.
I think Boston is very beautiful.
I think Boston is the most beautiful city in the world.
I think Boston is one of the most expensive places in the world to live.
I think Boston is nicer than Chicago.
I studied in Boston for three years.
I stayed in Boston over three months.
I stayed in Boston for three days.
I stayed at an inexpensive hotel when I was in Boston.
I spent three weeks in Boston last summer.
I should visit Boston.
I should get to Boston by lunchtime.
I see Tom every time he comes to Boston.
I saw Tom outside your window, listening.
I saw Tom outside your door, eavesdropping.
I saw Tom naked.
I saw Tom blush.
I returned to Boston on October 20th.
I returned from Boston on October 20th.
I rented an apartment when I lived in Boston.
I remember meeting Tom in Boston.
I really should've known that.
I plan to visit my uncle in Boston this summer.
I picked Tom up at the airport.
I own a restaurant on Park Street.
I once went to Boston with Tom.
I once lived in Boston.
I often go to Boston.
I never got to do stuff like this in Boston.
I need to go to Boston.
I need to go back to Boston for a funeral.
I moved to Boston last spring.
I moved here from Boston three years ago.
I met Tom while I was in Boston.
I met Tom when I was staying in Boston.
I met Tom last summer just after I moved to Boston.
I met Tom in Boston last week.
I met Tom in Boston by chance.
I met Tom for the first time three months ago in Boston.
I met an old friend of mine in Boston.
I made another appointment.
I lost my way in Boston.
I lived in Boston.
I lived in Boston until I was thirteen.
I lived in Boston last year.
I lived in a three-room apartment when I lived in Boston.
I live on the outskirts of Boston.
I live in a town near Boston.
I live at Park Street.
I live about three hours from Boston.
I left Boston three weeks ago.
I leave for Boston tomorrow at 2:30.
I know Tom has already left for Boston.
I know Tom has already left Boston.
I know that Tom went to Boston.
I know someone in Boston.
I know a couple of good restaurants on Park Street.
I just got back to Boston.
I intend to stay in Boston with my uncle.
I intend to stay in Boston for three days.
I hope you enjoyed your stay in Boston.
I hope to see you again the next time you're in Boston.
I heard there was a fire on Park Street last night.
I heard that you bought a house in Boston.
I hear you don't have to go to Boston.
I haven't heard from Tom since he moved to Boston.
I haven't been to Boston yet.
I haven't been to Boston in a month.
I have visited Boston three times.
I have to change planes in Boston.
I have lived in Boston since 1995.
I have an uncle who lives in Boston.
I have an older brother who lives in Boston.
I have a lot of friends I want to visit in Boston.
I have a friend who lives in Boston.
I have a few friends living in Boston.
I have a few friends in Boston.
I have a couple of friends who used to live in Boston.
I happened to be in Boston at that time.
I had intended to visit Boston last year.
I had a great time in Boston.
I graduated from Harvard.
I got to Boston yesterday afternoon.
I got it mail order from Boston.
I googled "Boston" to see what I could find out before I went there.
I gave Tom everything.
I gave some money to Tom.
I flew to Boston last week.
I flew in from Boston yesterday.
I flew from Boston to Chicago.
I don't want to talk about that now.
I don't think we'll reach Boston before dark.
I don't think Tom has met Mary yet.
I don't remember where I put my car keys.
I don't feel like doing that right now.
I didn't understand a word that guy said.
I didn't know your grandchildren lived in Boston.
I didn't know you were from Boston, too.
I didn't know Tom lived in Boston.
I didn't know anything about this.
I decided to tell Tom the truth.
I came to Boston last month.
I bought this book in Boston last month.
I assume something good happened.
I arrived in Boston yesterday.
I arrived in Boston three days ago, but the rest of the family won't get here until tomorrow.
I arrived in Boston at 2:30.
How's the weather in Boston?
How will you go to Boston?
How was Tom's dinner party?
How old was Tom then?
How often do you visit Boston?
How many hotels do you think there are in Boston?
How many airports does Boston have?
How long will you stay in Boston?
How long have you worked in Boston?
How long have you been staying in Boston?
How long have you been living on Park Street?
How long have you been living in Boston?
How long has Tom lived in Boston?
How long has Tom known about the problem?
How long does it take to get to Boston from here?
How long does it take to fly from Boston to Chicago?
How long do you think it'll take me to get to Boston?
How long did you work in Boston?
How long are you going to be in Boston?
How far is it to Boston?
How far is it from here to Boston?
How far is it from Boston to Chicago?
How far is Boston from Chicago?
How do you like Boston?
How do you like Boston so far?
How did you know I was from Boston?
How did you find out it was Tom who stole your bicycle?
How can you trust Tom?
How can I find Tom?
How badly is Tom hurt?
How are you going to Boston?
How are things in Boston?
Have you talked to Tom?
Have you spoken with Tom?
Have you spoken to Tom?
Have you seen Tom today?
Have you seen Tom around?
Have you reached Tom yet?
Have you heard Tom's music?
Have you guys seen Tom?
Have you gotten used to living in Boston?
Have you found Tom yet?
Have you ever visited Boston?
Have you ever visited Boston before?
Have you ever spent any time in Boston?
Have you ever gone to Boston?
Have you been to Boston before?
Has Tom been here long?
Greed makes people do strange things.
Give this copy to Tom.
Get me any information you can about Tom.
Find out if Tom has any relatives living in Boston.
Eye witnesses saw Tom walking south on Park Street just after the bombing.
Except for Tom, I didn't know anyone there.
Everyone applauded as Tom walked out onto the stage.
Every cop in Boston is now looking for Tom.
Even though Tom hadn't yet opened the box, he had a good idea what was inside.
Dr. Jackson is one of the leading cardiologists in Boston.
Don't blame them for what happened back in Boston.
Don't ask Tom. He doesn't know anything.
Doing that wouldn't have made any difference.
Does Tom still live in Boston?
Does Tom know you're coming?
Does Tom know about it?
Does it snow in Boston?
Do you understand what's happening here?
Do you think Tom still has many friends left in Boston?
Do you think Tom still has any friends left in Boston?
Do you spend much time in Boston?
Do you remember the time we went to Boston together?
Do you really think what you're wearing is appropriate?
Do you plan to go to Boston by bus?
Do you like living in Boston?
Do you like it in Boston?
Do you like Boston?
Do you know why Tom came here today?
Do you know who the mayor of Boston is?
Do you know what the population of Boston is?
Do you know the reason Tom was sent to the Boston office?
Do you know the reason Tom came here today?
Do you know the reason I came here?
Do you know anything about training dogs?
Do you know anything about predicting the weather?
Do you have any pictures of Boston?
Do you have any idea what the population of Boston is?
Do you have a map of Boston?
Do you even remember Tom?
Do what's best for Tom.
Do people in Boston drink tap water?
Do I look like Tom?
Do I have to change planes in Boston?
Didn't you go to Boston for a week last summer?
Did you have a good time in Boston?
Did you go to Boston?
Did Tom say how the weather was in Boston?
Did the two of you meet in Boston?
Did something bad happen at school today?
Did it rain in Boston while you were there?
Did I ever tell you about what I did last summer in Boston?
Despite everything, Tom started to relax.
Could you tell me about your trip to Boston?
Could somebody please introduce me to Tom?
Come and visit us in Boston sometime.
Come and stay with us in Boston.
Chances are Tom is in Boston by now.
Can't you see Tom isn't interested?
Can you recommend a good place to eat in Boston?
Can you recommend a good place for me to stay in Boston?
Can you recommend a good hotel in Boston?
Can you hear me, Tom?
Can we talk to Tom?
Can we see Tom now?
Can I talk to you for just a second about what happened in Boston?
