I hope you'll try to control your temper better next time.
Do you remember what happened last summer when we tried doing this?
I don't think Tom is going to want to go to Boston with you.
How could you agree to doing that without consulting me?
Tell Tom to quit singing.
I don't know what you did.
Tom will sing one of the songs you wrote.
How long was your flight?
Tom has other responsibilities.
What's it going to take to convince you to help us?
How could Tom and Mary possibly have anything to do with it?
How could anyone in their right mind disagree with this?
The hospital has three wings.
Tom's desk is next to Mary's.
"Do you like me?" "To be honest, I hate your guts. No offence." "None taken."
Tom and Mary both glanced at John.
I'm learning Aramaic.
I am learning Aramaic.
Anne, Mrs. Rachel says you went to church last Sunday with your hat rigged out ridiculous with roses and buttercups.
Don't answer me back like that, Anne.
Never let me catch you at such a trick again.
"Oh, I'm so sorry," said Anne, tears welling into her eyes. "I never thought you'd mind."
This is completely counter-productive.
She had the reputation of being very strict with her children.
She was a very pretty little girl, with her mother's black eyes and hair.
"This is my little girl Diana," said Mrs. Barry.
Diana, you might take Anne out into the garden and show her your flowers.
She reads entirely too much.
She's always poring over a book.
The garden was encircled by huge old willows and tall firs, beneath which flourished flowers that loved the shade.
Diana laughed. Diana always laughed before she spoke.
I'm awfully glad you've come to live at Green Gables.
It will be jolly to have somebody to play with. There isn't any other girl who lives near enough to play with, and I've no sisters big enough.
"Will you swear to be my friend forever and ever?" demanded Anne eagerly.
Diana looked shocked.
Oh Marilla, I'm the happiest girl on Prince Edward Island this very moment.
It's only three weeks since she came, and it seems as if she'd been here always.
I've never been to a picnic.
I'd like to know why you didn't obey me, Anne.
When I tell you to come in at a certain time I mean that time and not half an hour later.
Anne cast herself into Marilla's arms and rapturously kissed her sallow cheek.
Tom is a border patrol agent.
Now, get out your patchwork and have your square done before teatime.
"I do not like patchwork," said Anne dolefully, hunting out her workbasket and sitting down before a little heap of red and white diamonds with a sigh.
Tom has been working at the same factory for years.
Tom really likes his job.
Mary really likes her job.
I'm afraid there'll be a great many disappointments in store for you through life.
Looking forward to things is half the pleasure of them.
Blessed are they who expect nothing for they shall not be disappointed.
Mrs. Lynde says, 'Blessed are they who expect nothing for they shall not be disappointed.' But I think it would be worse to expect nothing than to be disappointed.
Marilla always wore her amethyst brooch to church.
Marilla wore her amethyst brooch to church that day as usual.
That amethyst brooch was Marilla's most treasured possession.
Do you have a minute to talk?
Government moves very slowly.
There was nothing the doctors could do.
"I believe you are telling me a falsehood, Anne," she said sharply. "I know you are."
Go to your room and stay there until you are ready to confess.
If she'd only have told the truth about it I wouldn't mind so much.
"She'll stay in her room until she confesses," said Marilla grimly.
In any case, she'll have to be severely punished.
Marilla felt deserted by everyone. She could not even go to Mrs. Lynde for advice.
Anne steadfastly refused to confess.
She persisted in asserting that she had not taken the brooch.
The eagle flew away.
You'll go to no picnic today, Anne Shirley. That shall be your punishment.
Oh, Marilla, please, please, let me go to the picnic.
You are not going to the picnic and that's final.
Stick to the subject!
How shameless you are!
How fearless you are!
You're making excuses for her all the time.
Those were good times!
I still don't see it.
They'll go on consuming too much.
They'll go on arriving late.
I have barely any strength left.
Let's not beat around the bush!
Wash your face and comb your hair and put on your gingham.
Would you, please, hurry up?
I need it as soon as possible.
The odour disgusts me.
I hate sweet drinks.
Worse times are expected.
Have you thought about it?
The fog dissipated.
Do you already have a position?
The fog faded away.
Your opinion doesn't count.
Did you reach any agreement?
This is a controversial issue.
Tom begins his trip.
This is about cars.
Mine is electric.
Five minutes ago I was so miserable I was wishing I'd never been born and now I wouldn't change places with an angel!
Get a number over there.
I am passionate about reading.
I am passionate about ice cream.
I was passionate about watching movies.
I am passionate about technology.
I am passionate about bee-keeping.
We are passionate about books.
We are passionate about mechanics.
We are passionate about studying physics.
I still go out with her.
I still read every day.
I carry on reading every day.
I still play pool.
I carry on playing pool.
I still cannot see it.
I still do not see it.
I still think the opposite.
I am still freezing cold.
I still cannot dance.
I still do not understand anything.
We still maintain our stance.
They'll go on not eating fruit.
They'll go on lazing around.
They'll keep pressing the foreman.
They'll go on pigheaddedly.
I am a fan of the theater.
I am a theatre lover.
I am a fan of cars.
I am a car lover.
He was a fan of fishing.
He was a fan of wine.
"What a splendid day!" said Anne, drawing a long breath.
I was a fan of jumping.
Isn't it good just to be alive on a day like this? I pity the people who aren't born yet for missing it.
He did not miss a single one.
The Avonlea school was a whitewashed building, low in the eaves and wide in the windows, furnished inside with comfortable substantial old-fashioned desks that opened and shut, and were carved all over their lids with the initials and hieroglyphics of three generations of school children.
"Marilla, have I really a pretty nose? I know you'll tell me the truth." "Your nose is well enough," said Marilla shortly. Secretly she thought Anne's nose was a remarkable pretty one; but she had no intention of telling her so.
Charlie Sloane is dead gone on you. He told his mother—his mother, mind you—that you were the smartest girl in school. That's better than being good looking.
I'd rather be pretty than clever.
I don't speak to her now.
That's Gilbert Blythe sitting right across the aisle from you, Anne. Just look at him and see if you don't think he's handsome
He was a tall boy, with curly brown hair, roguish hazel eyes, and a mouth twisted into a teasing smile.
Gilbert Blythe was trying to make Anne Shirley look at him and failing utterly.
Diana gasped.
Anne had brought her slate down on Gilbert's head and cracked it—slate not head—clear across.
It was my fault, Mr. Phillips. I teased her.
Anne, go and stand on the platform in front of the blackboard for the rest of the afternoon.
Mr. Phillips took a chalk crayon and wrote on the blackboard above her head. "Ann Shirley has a very bad temper. Ann Shirley must learn to control her temper," and then read it out loud.
"I shall never forgive Gilbert Blythe," said Anne firmly.
Once, when nobody was looking, Gilbert took from his desk a little pink candy heart with a gold motto on it, "You are sweet," and slipped it under the curve of Anne's arm.
I am not coming back to school any more.
"I'd do almost anything in the world for you, Diana," said Anne sadly. "I'd let myself be torn limb from limb if it would do you any good. But I can't do this, so please don't ask it."
Don't you understand, Marilla? I've been insulted.
There's no use reasoning with Anne now.
I still can't dance.
Mr. Phillips isn't any good at all as a teacher.
I don't know what education in this Island is coming to.
Mrs. Rachel shook her head, as much as to say if she were only at the head of the educational system of the Province things would be much better managed.
Anne had evidently made up her mind to hate Gilbert Blythe to the end of life.
As much as she hated Gilbert, however, did she love Diana, with all the love of her passionate little heart, equally intense in its likes and dislikes.
One evening Marilla, coming in from the orchard with a basket of apples, found Anne sitting along by the east window in the twilight, crying bitterly.
"Whatever's the matter now, Anne?" she asked.
I love Diana so, Marilla. I cannot ever live without her. But I know very well when we grow up that Diana will get married and go away and leave me. And oh, what shall I do?
Marilla turned quickly away to hide her twitching face; but it was no use; she collapsed on the nearest chair and burst into such a hearty and unusual peal of laughter that Matthew, crossing the yard outside, halted in amazement.
When had he heard Marilla laugh like that before?
October was a beautiful month at Green Gables, when the birches in the hollow turned as golden as sunshine and the maples behind the orchard were royal crimson and the wild cherry trees along the lane put on the loveliest shades of dark red and bronzy green.
You clutter up your room entirely too much with out-of-doors stuff, Anne.
Bedrooms were made to sleep in.
You can ask Diana to come over and spend the afternoon with you and have tea here.
Diana came over, dressed in HER second-best dress and looking exactly as it is proper to look when asked out to tea.
"How is your mother?" inquired Anne politely, just as if she had not seen Mrs. Barry picking apples that morning in excellent health and spirits.
Our potato crop is very good this year. I hope your father's crop is good too.
Have you picked many of your apples yet?
Marilla is a very generous woman. She said we could have fruit cake and cherry preserves for tea.
The orchard, with its great sweeping boughs that bent to the ground with fruit, proved so delightful that the little girls spent most of the afternoon in it, sitting in a grassy corner where the frost had spared the green and the mellow autumn sunshine lingered warmly, eating apples and talking as hard as they could.
The last time I made a cake I forgot to put the flour in.
Anne, you certainly have a genius for getting into trouble.
Her mother smelled her breath and knew she was drunk.
The stars in their courses fight against me.
Tom and Mary were absent.
I don't remember doing it.
Tom wanted Mary to be a stay-at-home mom.
How long will this go on?
Tom has some catching up to do.
We all had a good time singing around the campfire.
Tom told Mary that he couldn't do what she asked him to do.
How can I think about anything else at a time like this?
Tom calls Mary every day.
I feel we could be better.
This could end very badly.
Tom is a superhero.
Tom is a comic book villain.
Tom likes comics.
Tom collects Batman and Superman comic books.
Tom owns a comic book store.
Tom's favorite superhero is Batman.
Tom's favorite superhero is Spiderman.
Tom's favorite superhero is Superman.
Mary's favorite superhero is Squirrel Girl.
This a human rights violation.
Tom lashed out at Mary.
The Joker is Batman's archenemy.
Lex Luthor is Superman's archenemy.
Each layer of the Rubik's Cube can rotate in three dimensions and in two directions.
Tom used to sing better than he does now.
How many cars do you own?
Tom has some friends in Boston.
The clothes you washed this morning aren't dry yet.
It's probably a good thing that Tom wasn't at Mary's party.
How would you like to sleep in a nice soft bed tonight?
Tom died of brain cancer.
I haven't sung in a while.
Tom told Mary that she shouldn't do that.
How often do you do this?
What time did you close the store?
Tom's gun is missing.
Tom's parents are missing.
Tom has some money in the bank.
Nobody's ever said anything like that to me before.
It's hard to believe that Tom really wants to go to Boston.
How did you think you were going to get away with that?
Tom doesn't like to sing.
I used to hate doing this.
Tom says there's nothing wrong with that.
How worried should we be?
Tom has suffered some failures.
My job is to do what other people don't want to do.
We're gonna have a baby.
Accept the job and don't be afraid.
I want our baby to have your eyes and your mouth.
I want our baby to look like you.
Don't be afraid, Jamal.
You have to face it.
I don't have anything else to do today.
She needs a doctor.
Have some coffee, Jamal.
No construction company will kick us out of here.
This isn't all, Fadil.
Did you see what just happened?
I really miss Jamal.
You just have to stand up for your rights in life.
They have taken away all the garbage.
You two are really inseparable.
It's probably that plumber again.
He wants to know if he can see you.
What happened to you this morning?
We had problems with our car.
You need a short break.
I believe that there are other ways.
I'm sure we can find solutions with these people.
This is the student who organized the protest.
I'd say you are in love.
It's miles away.
I can see it now.
"What are you thinking about? "Nothing special."
Are you OK? It seems to me that you've been acting kind of strange.
Let's try now.
What happened to that man?
What's all this about, guys?
I crossed a stream and I got wet.
I'll give that to you if you behave.
"And the flowers?" "They're for you."
Just drop me here.
"You turned off the engine." "I'll wait."
You don't need to wait for me.
You don't know how happy I am that you've found a new friend.
I'll invite her for dinner.
That's not a dream.
Cut it out, will you?
Look at me. I'm soaked to the skin.
"I'm soaked to the skin." "So am I."
You'll never guess who this is.
Come on. You've got to guess.
I haven't had time to purchase flowers.
Whatever you order me to do, I shall faithfully obey you.
I'll help you fulfill your dreams.
What happened to me, guys?
Are you quite finished with this?
This isn't like him at all.
He tried to kill us.
You're thinking of unimportant things.
Your just coming here is a present.
"What's this?" "Open it."
I can't accept this present.
Don't tell me you don't like this aftershave.
I'll open it for you.
Can you tell me on which floor I can find Khalifa Contracting Company?
I feel happy giving you presents.
I don't wanna play games with you.
I don't wanna hurt your feelings.
I don't wanna talk about that.
He never lets any boy close to you.
I found out that her son is a doctor.
Do you have an appointment, sir?
What you'd like me to do is help you find your wife, right?
I thought that would brighten up your day.
I'm hoping he can help me.
I'm looking for Jamal.
I'm extremely busy this afternoon.
I have to get back to work now.
"Thank you." "It was a pleasure."
Somebody is looking for you.
Jamal? What is he doing here?
Do you know who her friend is?
I'm Jamal, Sarah's husband.
So are you married to Sarah?
Shall we go for some coffee?
I can't leave the office.
Are you sure you can't take a short break?
My boss is here.
I'm sorry. I've got work to do.
Was it just me or was your friend a bit nervous?
I'm Tom, Mary's husband.
When she arrived, I wasn't in reception.
I'm Mary, Tom's wife.
I was in the bathroom.
"I'm sorry, sir." "Alright. But no repeats."
I know you're a very responsible person.
I know that you want to become a doctor.
I've never had a boyfriend.
Most men don't even look at me.
Most men find me ugly.
Stop exaggerating.
I was in love a long time ago.
Jamal was my first boyfriend and the only one.
I forgot all about my studies and becoming a doctor.
He fell in love with someone else.
He fell in love with my best friend.
He even asked me if I would marry him.
I was just a little kid then.
It wasn't the right moment.
You have no idea how much I cried.
One day, all that pain turned into determination.
That's what we don't know.
We even have a small playground.
This way, sir.
Did he tell you he was Sarah's husband?
"I don't understand." "It's better you don't understand."
He made me feel like such an idiot.
Is she talking to herself?
Would you tell me what the problem is?
Are you spying on us?
You just don't trust me. Admit it.
You're acting as if you were hiding something.
I wasn't watching you.
Where are you going? Come back here.
You better get in the car. I'm warning you.
You're hurting me, Jamal.
I'm really sorry if I caused you any problems or sorrows with Mr. Sadiq.
I can't afford to lose this job right now.
We need that land.
We will get the result we want by other means.
I'm sure there's an option that doesn't involve a bribe.
If I had a few days, I'd work everything out.
Why didn't he tell me this before?
I'm afraid of being betrayed.
I wanna try it again.
Falling in love is the most natural thing in the world.
I promised myself I'd never cry again for a man.
When you really fall in all, you give your all. You surrender completely.
I don't wanna be the other woman.
You can both achieve your goals together.
Let me know before you do anything concerning the clinic.
I'm your direct superior and you're my assistant.
Well in that case, I'll do whatever you say.
They cleaned the trash against the clinic wall.
I just received your card.
You can keep the rest of the money.
Was there money in your wallet?
Is there anything wrong, sir?
I don't want you to understand.
I told you not to go up to that office.
Who asked you anything?
How did that wallet get there?
We have to talk, Jamal.
Leave the documents in my office.
You're behaving like a spoilt brat.
"It's quite normal." "With you, everything is normal."
Just leave me alone. Is that so hard to understand?
He jumped out of the car.
We're holding back traffic.
Jamal is going to help me with the wedding.
He doesn't have much time left.
I managed to convince Dad that we organize the reception at home.
Jamal is good at what he does.
You only see what you want to see.
"Jamal is not a saint." "Yet I trust him."
Did you ever find who was the woman in the photo.
I can't leave you there.
My stepfather hated me.
He just needs help.
What do you see in front of you?
Although this city is made of concrete, it's still a jungle.
I'm so afraid of him.
I didn't care anymore.
Who cared about me?
Who cared about what I was going through?
Please come in, sir.
I wanted to have a word with Jamal.
I'm going to tell her you're here.
Sarah is naive and gullible.
I would like her to remain just the way she is.
I'm afraid you're going to hurt her.
Just leave me, please. I wanna be alone.
I don't have much time to tidy.
I hope you can understand.
Why are you here, Jamal?
I need to buy some medical books.
You're my lovely little baby.
It seems weird to me.
What if it was serious?
Tell me about it, Jamal.
Jamal arrived in a taxi.
He's going to his room.
"Did you have an accident?" "No. Nothing happened."
I guess I have some tranquilizers in my bag.
I'll go and see. Wait here.
I'd prefer to have a reception in my house.
In that case, so be it.
"May I go?" "Very well."
Jamal went to his room.
Jamal has an appointment with the college principal.
Just say Jamal isn't here.
I'll call Jamal tomorrow.
You better go ahead. Don't wait for me.
You and I seem to argue a lot.
We see things differently.
I asked Jamal to stay, but for a different reason.
These flowers are for you.
Before she died, your grandmother told me to give them to you when you get married.
Give me your hand, Jamal.
The wedding ring fits perfectly.
You're going to wear this ring for many years.
I just hope death isn't for tomorrow.
They both lived happily ever after.
Don't go yet, please.
We'll never have enough time together.
"I love you, my prince charming." "So do I."
He did that to my daughter.
Drink this, Jamal. You'll feel better.
I spent hours walking up and down on this street.
Running was my only defense.
We don't want it anymore.
I wonder what happened to him and Jamal.
Did you see the state she was in?
I know you don't want me to interfere, but I have to defend her.
We had hundreds of fights.
She doesn't deserve him.
We know Jamal's character, his great kindness, his courage.
One day, the whole world will tremble.
What do you expect her to do?
I got a good job.
I'm gonna make a lot of money.
You can't be sick for the rest of the school year. No one is gonna believe you.
I wanna see you right now.
Please don't thank me.
Excuse me for not having come over earlier.
I'm afraid that what Jamal said was correct.
I thought you have convinced him.
Doesn't he realize that if we don't get the land, our project is dead?
You're the boss. You decided.
You tell me what to do and I'll do it.
Did you give her the tranquilizer?
Do you need help, buddy?
We need to buy another bed.
Nobody is complaining. We don't need to worry.
That's no way to live.
Come and sit down with me.
We haven't had a talk for ages.
It used to be such fun.
Things have changed a bit.
It's to be expected.
My mom passed away.
The meals were on time.
Our clothes were always clean.
We call her the general.
She hated that.
I know something isn't right.
We got ahead in life.
There was love and respect.
He wouldn't let anyone separate us.
I ran.
I won.
I knit.
I paid.
I swim.
I bowed.
I cried.
I dozed.
I drive.
I drove.
I moved.
I snore.
I stood.
I swore.
I waved.
I'm bad.
I'm mad.
I'm new.
I burped.
I danced.
I gasped.
I goofed.
I got up.
I helped.
I jumped.
I looked.
I moaned.
I nodded.
I obeyed.
I paused.
I prayed.
I shaved.
I talked.
I was OK.
I winked.
I yawned.
I'll die.
I'll win.
I'm a DJ.
I'm deaf.
I'm fast.
I'm good.
I'm high.
I'm last.
I'm neat.
I'm numb.
I'm slow.
I approve.
I ate out.
I bit Tom.
I blinked.
I changed.
I cheated.
I cheered.
I coughed.
I crashed.
I escaped.
I frowned.
I giggled.
I gloated.
I got fat.
I grinned.
I groaned.
I grunted.
I hate TV.
I made it.
I prepaid.
I relaxed.
I retired.
I shouted.
I slipped.
I sneezed.
I stopped.
I sweated.
If I can help our family like that, why can't I help Fadil?
I took it.
I was ill.
I was out.
I'll come.
I'll fail.
I'll lose.
I'm a CPA.
I'm a fan.
I'm alive.
I'm bossy.
I'm naive.
I'm picky.
I'm pudgy.
I'm scary.
I'm sharp.
I'm silly.
I'm small.
I'm tense.
I'm tipsy.
I'm wrong.
I beat Tom.
I canceled.
I did this.
I did well.
I exercise.
I flinched.
When I got married, I gave my oath to Fadil.
You're the sole reason of my existence.
Living without Jamal is unthinkable.
You have to learn from your sisters.
We don't have any cream.
"I'm starving." "There are some leftovers in the fridge."
I can't do everything on my own.
Jamal, hold on.
Don't complain, Jamal.
My dad is going to whip me just like a donkey.
I was going out anyway.
"I've come to see Jamal." "Come in."
I've come to visit my girlfriend.
You know that Jamal and Sarah don't get along with each other.
I had to leave the car in the middle of the street.
Why on earth did he do that?
I need to understand what happened in the past.
For the first time, I had the feeling that everything could end.
The woman I saw there wasn't the woman I knew.
I can't just give up on Jamal.
I don't want us to finish.
I don't want us to separate.
I don't want our marriage to end.
Don't think you're gonna get rid of me that easily.
Jamal was fired from the construction site.
I ran into her again at the shopping mall.
Does Sarah know about Jenny?
I ran out of gasoline on the way.
I want to get her out of my mind.
It won't rain on my wedding day.
Come with me outside.
Is your boyfriend here?
I thought he'd be here.
Is it too much to ask from you?
It's a tricky situation.
I really don't know what to say here.
I have come to ask you for your opinion.
Jamal seems very strong and professional.
Did you use to go out with her?
Jamal suffered quite a lot.
After Jamal, I don't think she has had any other boyfriend.
Then just forget her. Leave her in peace.
Make yourself comfortable, man.
Jamal didn't say anything.
Why don't we go outside so that we would be alone you and me?
"We kiss and make out all the time." "What's wrong with it?"
Why did you kick that guy out of the pizzeria?
Jamal is a dangerous thug. He always gets in trouble.
He still isn't back yet.
Nobody is hungry.
"Are you making tea for me?" "No, for Jamal."
I'm going to be in the bathroom.
Is it too much to ask you to set the table?
You can stay for dinner.
I promised to help my dad at the shop tonight.
The school called today.
They gave you a document your dad was supposed to sign, didn't they?
"I really can't stand the smell of tea." "It'll help."
"I wanna have a word with you." "Sure, what is it?"
You're the only one of the three sisters that doesn't hate me.
Not one word, understand?
I need to know if I'm really pregnant.
Jamal doesn't want to know about it.
Please understand this.
It's easy nowadays to find out if you're pregnant or not.
You have to wait for one month at least.
We have to do a blood test.
If I'm not really pregnant, I'm going to be so disappointed.
Not a word about this to Jamal, OK?
If you're pregnant, you'll be able to tell him yourself.
Did you tell Jamal?
Please don't tell Jamal.
Maybe I don't have a choice.
Do you need any help, buddy?
Have you set the table?
I'll help you, buddy.
He can wait until tomorrow.
You'd better find the courage to tell him tonight.
I'm gonna tell Jamal tomorrow.
That's the end of the story.
You're getting married in three months, right?
Give it to me, Jamal.
Come on and tell me.
You could forget about dinner.
I brought what she asked me to get.
I think I'd better go back to the shop.
You're leaving pretty early, aren't you?
"I haven't heard from Jamal since last night." "Not surprising."
Have you seen Jamal?
Now come on, Jamal, we're gonna be late.
I've never seen you in such a hurry to get to school.
Does that car belong to Jamal?
We've all agreed.
I don't have time to mess around with bribes.
It suddenly became a national issue.
The rules of the game have changed.
I got an A.
I got away.
I got beat.
I got shot.
I hated it.
I have OCD.
I help Tom.
I left Tom.
I listened.
I meant it.
I paid Tom.
I relented.
I shivered.
I shrugged.
I spoke up.
I squinted.
I stood by.
I stood up.
I try hard.
I was cold.
I was fair.
I was full.
I was here.
I was home.
I was hurt.
I was next.
I whistled.
I'm OK now.
I'm a cook.
I'm a monk.
I'm a poet.
I'm a temp.
I'm a wimp.
I'm bright.
I'm clever.
I'm crafty.
I'm driven.
I'm frugal.
I'm groggy.
I'm not OK.
I'm not in.
I'm stable.
I'm stupid.
I'm unhurt.
I'm unsure.
I'm untidy.
I'm winded.
I adore Tom.
I ate alone.
I avoid Tom.
I came last.
I can't ski.
I did do it.
I disagreed.
I eat a lot.
I feel hurt.
I felt fine.
I felt hurt.
I felt weak.
I got fired.
I got taken.
I grow rice.
I had a job.
I had a son.
I hesitated.
I like wine.
I lost hope.
I made rice.
I might win.
I nodded OK.
I paged Tom.
I protested.
I sat still.
I saved Tom.
I smell bad.
I snickered.
I stammered.
I struggled.
I succeeded.
I walk fast.
I was first.
I was irked.
I was quiet.
I was tense.
I was third.
I work fast.
I'm a boxer.
I'm a guard.
I'm a minor.
I'm a model.
I'm a pilot.
I'm a rebel.
I'm bipolar.
I'm packing.
I'm pleased.
I'm shaving.
I'm up next.
I backed off.
I was cheated.
I got cheated.
I broke that.
I called 911.
I came alone.
I came early.
I can change.
I chose well.
I cracked up.
I dialed 911.
I did it all.
I dug a hole.
I felt dizzy.
I felt tired.
I fooled Tom.
I got burned.
I got robbed.
I got the ax.
I grew roses.
I had a plan.
I had to run.
I have a map.
I kept quiet.
I kicked Tom.
I left early.
I let Tom go.
I let Tom in.
I liked that.
I lost again.
I may change.
I misled Tom.
I needed Tom.
I nodded yes.
I raised Tom.
I ran inside.
I scared Tom.
I set a trap.
I shot a gun.
I should run.
I slept late.
I smelled it.
I stayed put.
I stood back.
I struck out.
I texted Tom.
I took a cab.
I was absent.
I was amused.
I was robbed.
I was second.
I was square.
I was stoned.
I was unfair.
I weighed it.
I won't stay.
I'm a golfer.
I'm a priest.
I'm like Tom.
I'm not neat.
I'm not thin.
I'm your age.
I beat Tom up.
I came by car.
I ditched Tom.
I felt uneasy.
I got a raise.
I got shot at.
I had jet lag.
I have a Ph.D.
I have a bike.
I have a blog.
I have a boat.
I have a maid.
I have a rash.
I have asthma.
I have braces.
I made Tom go.
I pinched Tom.
I saw a ghost.
I shot at Tom.
I stabbed Tom.
I won the bet.
I like almonds.
I've left home.
I feel very old.
I sat by myself.
I'm not a bigot.
I'm not a moron.
I got home early.
I might die soon.
I need some rest.
I'm not a maniac.
I'm not clueless.
I was mean to Tom.
I'm still a minor.
I can't work today.
I did it by myself.
I swim pretty well.
I think I look old.
I was here at 2:30.
She tried to stay calm.
That couldn't possibly have any negative ramifications.
That couldn't possibly have any negative consequences.
The future is the result of the present.
It's really very good.
I'm traveling at my own expense.
She tried to tell the whole story.
I love this piece.
I know how worried you are about Tom.
You're bothering this poor boy!
The caiman is a very aggressive animal.
"You hate me, don't you?" "No, I don't." "Well, you love me, don't you?" "Why do you ask?"
Smalltalk rule number one: don't talk about politics.
Nice weather we're having, isn't it?
The weather is quite lovely.
It's so hot.
It's so cold in here.
It's so hot in here.
I'm learning Vietnamese.
I am learning Maori.
I am learning Vietnamese.
I'm learning Kazakh.
I am learning Kazakh.
I'm learning Old English.
I am learning Old English.
The calves of the Romans are beautiful.
Babies are innocent.
She likes coffee.
What's your native dialect?
Is that your native accent?
Is that your real accent, or are you just putting it on?
This isn't my real accent.
This isn't my native accent.
If he infiltrates our organization, we are finished.
If it infiltrates our organization, we are finished.
That's just a quirk of his.
You added an extra parenthesis.
As of yet, there is no method that can reliably cure all tumors.
We must digitize these books.
More than once in history have people revolted against the inequalities of life and refused to submit to the restraints of laws and creeds. They have often gone through a period of communism and red terror in the hope of realizing ultimately the Perfect State. Their leaders, undoubtedly sincere at first, espouse the utopian dream, declaring themselves the exponents of its ideals, the promised messengers of its blessings. But with the material for revolt ready at hand, and unable to resist the seductions of nascent power, they soon undergo that transformation which history identifies, often not unjustly, with demagogy, if they fail, or with autocracy, if they succeed. In either case, by utilizing the elements of negation in Society, they become apostles of violence, proclaiming the theory of "creative destruction." But instead of creating a utopia on the ruins of their making, they only succeed in setting up, as history shows, another government, which, no matter how just and sound its foundations are in theory, soon becomes in practice more despotic and corrupt.
I touched my feet.
Our table is wobbling. Give me your art book so I can make it stay still.
I warned you; now do as you wish.
He was where Tom said he would be.
The picture is hanging crooked. Could you please straighten it?
He sent me a catalog so I would correct it for him.
It would've been better if you had gone to Boston with Tom.
How do you make sure people do what you ask them to do?
Tom doesn't sing anymore.
I used to hate exercising.
Tom said he wanted something else to eat.
How would we get it done?
Tom has the ability to do that.
Maybe I shouldn't have gone there so late at night.
I wish Tom would stop parking his car in front of my house.
How dangerous do you think this mission is going to be?
Tom entered the building.
I'll try and do something.
Tom really didn't want to work with Mary.
How would you do the job?
Tom has three minutes to do it.
Let me tell you the reason I don't want to do that.
Tom wasn't able to stay in Boston as long as he wanted to.
How many hours of sleep did you really get last night?
Tom gives us good advice.
I'm even more excited now.
Tell my wife I love her.
Mary lashed out at Tom.
Tom is having a Super Bowl party at his house.
I wonder who will win.
I'm gonna watch football.
I'm taking some summer classes.
I'm really glad you decided to come.
I'm not a total idiot.
The scoring area is called the end zone.
Languages can form an infinite number of sentences with a finite set of elements.
Each team has players on the field.
The game begins with a coin toss.
A standard football game consists of four 15-minute quarters.
A touchdown is worth points.
To score a touchdown, a player must take the football into the opposite team's end zone.
A field goal is scored by kicking the ball through the goal.
A field goal is worth three points.
The channel has low signal-to-noise ratio.
Flag football and touch football don't allow tackling.
I declined the invitation.
Mary declined the invitation.
Tom's tweet was retweeted.
Tom's tweet was re-tweeted a thousand times.
Tom squeezed Mary's shoulder.
I've wanted to ask you out for a long time.
There, there, child, don't cry.
Don't be foolish, Anne.
She was suspicious of Anne's big words and dramatic gestures and imagined that the child was making fun of her.
I don't think you are a fit little girl for Diana to associate with. You'd better go home and behave yourself.
Won't you let me see Diana just once to say farewell?
My last hope is gone.
There is nothing more to do except to pray.
You shouldn't say such things.
"Poor little soul," she murmured, lifting a loose curl of hair from the child's tear-stained face.
I didn't think anybody could love me.
Nobody ever has loved me since I can remember.
In the years to come thy memory will shine like a star over my lonely life.
My heart will ever be faithful to thee.
"I'm going back to school," she announced.
Behave yourself and do just what your teacher tells you.
I'll try to be a model pupil.
Anne was welcomed back to school with open arms.
Sophia Sloane offered to teach her a perfectly elegant new pattern of knit lace, so nice for trimming aprons.
I shall sleep with your letter under my pillow tonight.
She flung herself into her studies heart and soul.
The rivalry between them was soon apparent.
She was as intense in her hatreds as in her loves.
She would not stoop to admit that she meant to rival Gilbert in schoolwork, because that would have been to acknowledge his existence.
Anne's mortification was as evident as Gilbert's satisfaction.
Her triumph was marred by the fact that Gilbert congratulated her heartily before the whole school. It would have been ever so much sweeter to her if he had felt the sting of his defeat.
Mr. Phillips might not be a very good teacher; but a pupil so inflexibly determined on learning as Anne was could hardly escape making progress under any kind of teacher.
In geometry, Anne met her Waterloo.
All things great are wound up with all things little.
At first glance, it might not seem that the decision of a certain Canadian Premier to include Prince Edward Island in a political tour could have much or anything to do with the fortunes of little Anne Shirley at Green Gables.
A bright fire was glowing in the old-fashioned Waterloo stove.
Blue-white frost crystals were shining on the windowpanes.
Mrs. Lynde says Canada is going to the dogs the way things are being run in Ottawa.
She says if women were allowed to vote we would soon see a blessed change.
What way do you vote, Matthew?" "Conservative," said Matthew promptly.
"Then I'm Conservative too," said Anne decidedly.
Ruby Gillis says that when a man is courting he always has to agree with the girl's mother in religion and her father in politics.
Ruby Gillis says when she grows up she's going to have ever so many beaus on the string and have them all crazy about her.
Mr. Phillips goes up to see Prissy Andrews nearly every evening. He says it is to help her with her lessons.
There are a great many things in this world that I can't understand very well.
"Oh, Anne, do come quick," implored Diana nervously.
He's gone to harness the sorrel mare to go to Carmody for the doctor.
Matthew and I are such kindred spirits I can read his thoughts without words at all.
The truth can be told gently.
Tom cleaned Mary's car.
He just pretended that he doesn't remember anything.
The night was clear and frosty.
The stars were shining over the silent fields.
Tom is so handsome he could be an american president.
Here and there, the dark pointed firs stood up with snow powdering their branches.
I still live with my parents.
Knowledge and brave don't always come together.
There are some things that cannot be expressed in words.
That little redheaded girl they have over at Cuthbert's is as smart as they make 'em.
Isn't it a wonderful morning? The world looks like something God had just imagined for His own pleasure.
And what if you disappoint?
Don't change!
He doesn't remember anything. Not even his name.
The tinkles of sleigh bells among the snowy hills came like elfin chimes through the frosty air.
Diana showed me a new fancy crochet stitch her aunt over at Carmody taught her.
If you love me as I love you, nothing but death can part us two.
I am your grandfather.
She has something very important to tell me.
We have arranged a way to signal with our candles and cardboard. We set the candle on the window sill and make flashes by passing the cardboard back and forth. So many flashes mean a certain thing.
I think you ought to let Anne go.
Who's bringing this child up, Matthew, you or me?
Argument was not his strong point, but holding fast to his opinion certainly was.
The fire burnt everything.
"Oh, I know I'm a great trial to you, Marilla," said Anne repentantly. "I make so many mistakes. But then just think of all the mistakes I don't make, although I might."
If I were you, I would help her.
Matthew understands me, and it's so nice to be understood.
They experimented with at least half a dozen different ways of arranging their back hair.
At last they were ready, cheeks scarlet and eyes glowing with excitement.
Tinkles of sleigh bells and distant laughter, that seemed like the mirth of wood elves, came from every quarter.
There was a magnificent sunset, and the snowy hills and deep-blue water of the St. Lawrence Gulf seemed to rim in the splendor like a huge bowl of pearl and sapphire brimmed with wine and fire.
The house was dark and silent.
Anne hurried home after breakfast.
I'm afraid my imagination is a little rusty—it's so long since I used it.
I'm so sorry for people who live in lands where there are no Mayflowers.
Do you know what I think Mayflowers are, Marilla? I think they must be the souls of the flowers that died last summer and this is their heaven.
We had our lunch down in a big mossy hollow by an old well—such a romantic spot.
We made wreaths of the Mayflowers and put them on our hats.
There's such a lot of different Annes in me. I sometimes think that is why I'm such a troublesome person. If I was just the one Anne it would be ever so much more comfortable, but then it wouldn't be half so interesting.
One June evening, when the orchards were pink blossomed again, when the frogs were singing silverly sweet in the marshes about the head of the Lake of Shining Waters, and the air was full of the savor of clover fields and balsamic fir woods, Anne was sitting by her gable window.
Tom really didn't want to work in Boston.
How you did it was wrong.
Tom has very few close friends.
Would you go back to Boston if you had the chance?
Tom says you were the one who talked him into coming here.
How long have you been working as a parking attendant?
Tom has gone to the park.
I'm going to do just that.
Tom never does anything unless he has to.
How big a problem is that?
Most people when they put a pie in the oven to warm up for dinner take it out and eat it when it gets hot instead of leaving it to be burned to a crisp. But that doesn't seem to be your way evidently.
Headaches always left Marilla somewhat sarcastic.
"Oh, I'm so sorry," said Anne penitently.
An irresistible temptation came to me to imagine I was an enchanted princess shut up in a lonely tower with a handsome knight riding to my rescue on a coal-black steed.
There is no such thing as a haunted wood anywhere. Who has been telling you such stuff?
"I can't go through the Haunted Wood," cried Anne desperately.
There are no such things as ghosts.
I know people who have seen them.
Charlie Sloane says that his grandmother saw his grandfather driving home the cows one night after he'd been buried for a year.
She's a very religious woman.
Mrs. Thomas's father was pursued home one night by a lamb of fire with its head cut off hanging by a strip of skin. He said he knew it was the spirit of his brother and that it was a warning he would die within nine days.
I never want to hear you talking in this fashion again.
A white strip of birch bark blowing up from the hollow over the brown floor of the grove made her heart stand still.
The swoop of bats in the darkness over her was as the wings of unearthly creatures.
There is nothing but meetings and partings in this world.
"I don't think I was crying because I was really so very fond of him," reflected Anne. "I just cried because all the others did."
I just cried because all the others did.
Then all the girls began to cry, one after the other.
The girls cried all the way home from school.
The time has come for us to part.
His wife is very pretty.
Mrs. Lynde says the minister's wife over at Newbridge sets a very bad example because she dresses so fashionably.
Barns are painted red because red paint is cheap.
Why are barns red?
Tom hasn't read the letter yet.
What kind of people write fortune cookie messages?
Tom says that he and Mary didn't stay in Boston very long.
How many employees does this company employ full time?
I don't really know what to do.
Tom needs to do this by tomorrow morning.
How big a problem is this?
Tom helped me get into college.
We probably shouldn't have sung that song tonight.
Tom has been singing professionally since he was thirteen.
How do you know if your email account has been hacked?
Tom may not want to sing.
I'm sorry that I did that.
Tom lost three million dollars last year.
How can I do what's right?
Tom is a good basketball coach.
Maybe we can do that later when we're not so busy.
I knew you wouldn't like the kind of songs that Tom sings.
How did you come up with the idea for this exhibition?
Tom might try to do that.
I'm very upset about that.
Tom likes to sing Italian operatic arias.
How can people be so dumb?
Tom is a pleasure to work with.
Make sure your hair is dry before you go outside.
Tom may not have enough money to buy everything he needs.
How did they manage to keep this a secret for so long?
Tom must be out of money.
I decided I should do that.
I need to learn new things.
I got up at sunrise.
I hope you won't do that.
What on earth did Tom mean?
What I said to Tom was true.
What I said to you was true.
I came awfully near giving up.
I don't mind how much you talk.
I was afraid this might happen.
I'm glad I'm going to live here.
You've been crying, haven't you?
Tom is going to let Mary do that.
I wouldn't mind doing that for you.
Tom said he expected Mary to be here.
Why did you tell Tom it was my fault?
I don't think Tom needs any more hats.
That's something you need to remember.
Why did you tell them it was my fault?
I almost decided to give up doing that.
I suppose you won't be teaching anymore.
Why didn't you tell Tom it was my fault?
Why didn't you tell them it was my fault?
I do wish Tom and Mary would quit arguing.
Tom said something funny and Mary laughed.
I do hope you haven't done anything stupid.
I would never have thought of such a thing.
Tom always seems to be getting into trouble.
Tom said something funny and we all laughed.
I've lost three pounds in the last three weeks.
You won't find it so easy to do that anymore.
What Tom said to Mary was not completely true.
I wouldn't want to be the one who has to do that.
You'll have to be careful how you behave yourself.
Tom's mustache looks pretty good, don't you think?
I've been expecting trouble ever since Tom showed up.
I know you and I are going to get along together fine.
I don't think it was fair for Tom to get all the money.
The doctor says you must be careful to avoid excitement.
What I said to you was true, but I shouldn't have said it.
You won't mind staying here alone while I'm away, will you?
If I can't stay here, I need to find somewhere else to stay.
Lots of the little girls had artificial flowers on their hats.
How would you like it if people said things like that about you?
I saw Tom in church last Sunday.
You wouldn't like to be called stupid, would you?
Don't say anything about this to anyone.
I don't know what I'd do if you weren't here.
I've always kind of wished I'd forgiven Tom when I had the chance.
I think I shouldn't make a decision without consulting Tom.
I'm not going to Boston. I'm going to stay here and teach.
Tell me what you're crying about.
Stay here for a little while with me.
We used to be real good friends.
Tom and I used to be real good friends.
Can I have those broken pieces of china that are out in the woodshed?
It was very good of you to do that for us.
It was very kind of you to help us.
I don't think anybody could do that.
I know that Tom went to Boston. I wonder if Mary went, too.
I know that Tom can speak French. I wonder if Mary can, too.
I thought I was following your instructions.
I thought I was doing this the way you told me to.
I wanted to buy a painting from Tom.
I wanted to buy one of Tom's paintings.
I could see my reflection in the pond.
I heard you say you liked pineapples, so I bought you one.
I can't say I'm sorry when I'm not.
When I woke us this morning, I didn't want to get out of bed.
I didn't feel like getting out of bed this morning.
I don't think you'll be able to do that.
I'm not yet used to being called Mrs. Jackson.
Will you please call me Tom?
You're old enough to do that on your own.
You're old enough to do that by yourself.
I think you ought to forgive us, now that we've apologized.
I think you ought to forgive us.
I think you should forgive Tom.
I'll go and have another look.
You've been working too much.
I'd do almost anything in the world for you.
Tom and I sat together.
Please don't say that you won't let Tom play with me anymore.
Tom has evidently made up his mind to do that.
What's gone wrong now?
I don't think I like Tom much.
I wasn't trying to be funny.
Tom must've been very unhappy.
Tom promised he'd do his best.
His avoidant tendencies led him to isolate himself.
Do you really think Tom will do that?
I really think I'd like to be a minister's wife when I grow up.
I think I'd like to be a doctor when I grow up.
I want to be a doctor when I grow up.
I don't suppose you are any more surprised than I am myself.
I'm sure Tom would never do that.
I'm sure Tom would never do something like that.
I doubt that Tom would do something like that.
I doubt that Tom would do that.
Your number is up.
The wind is beginning to blow.
Do you want more money?
The city hall authorized the sale of the land.
It's not gonna be easy. I warn you.
I want you out of my shopping mall.
That will be your final warning.
I've made you a cup of coffee.
You always work late at night.
Here's your coffee.
God how I hate this job.
I can't concentrate on my work.
What happened won't happen again.
You have really changed.
You do remember what I was like when you first met me, don't you?
The doctors told me there was no hope at all for you.
They don't know where you were.
They don't know where you came from.
I saw it in your eyes.
I saw another man.
And today, I still believe in you.
I believe in you today more than ever.
I'm invested myself for your company.
I have a lot more to lose than you do.
I think I may have found one.
Come to my office. We'll talk about that.
We're here to see you.
I hope your marriage lasts as long as my parents'.
Jamal is a terrible romantic.
There's some coffee in the kitchen.
Does Jamal know that you're going out?
Jamal left me a note.
We're studying together.
Where is Jamal now?
Please tell her that I came by.
Is there a problem, Jamal?
I really hope it's nothing serious.
You're here early today.
It's rare to find employees who are punctual.
Keep up the good work, buddy.
I have to go to school now.
I need an authorization from your legal guardian.
I'm here on a trial period.
I'm afraid that I have some other bad news for you.
She failed in five of her subjects.
She won't pass the end-of-year examination.
Hi there, good morning.
I wanna see if I'm pregnant.
Take a seat over there.
We'll call your name when it's your turn.
She's the problem.
I wanted to pass the year.
Nothing in life is easy.
You should make it.
Thanks for helping me get that job.
You have to start learning.
You better decide if it's the place for you.
Tom isn't the only one who plans to stay.
How can you not like this?
Tom is a really great listener.
If I were you, I wouldn't sing that kind of song.
Tom is the only one likely to be in the office on Monday.
How young were you when you first started doing that?
Tom sang and Mary danced.
I don't think they're safe.
Tom is one of the best coaches in Boston.
How did you get this idea?
She's serious about her work.
What is the problem, Jamal?
Tom is a reckless young fellow.
Do you actually think I'd do something like that?
Tom is the only one in our family who has been to Boston.
How would you boys like to have a little fun tonight?
Tom wanted to go fishing.
I don't want to play games.
Tom has never had formal singing lessons.
How did you pass the time?
Tom is a very energetic person.
You shouldn't have done that without permission.
Do you know if there's a bar in the vicinity?
May be a drink would help me relax a little.
I'll try not to be away too long.
Can you tell me when I can have the results of the test?
You can come back by 3:30.
I'm just resting for a moment.
The only doctor on duty is Jamal Sadiq.
You don't have to worry about me, sweetheart.
Why don't you come to work for this clinic?
She wants to find a husband.
You're completely out of your mind.
I guess I'm just romantic.
Tom didn't seem to be having any trouble convincing Mary.
How old were you when you started playing the guitar?
Tom wants a lot of money.
I enjoy working here a lot.
Tom drank out of Mary's glass by mistake.
How did you spend the day?
Tom is a very gifted young man.
We were expecting something different to happen.
I wouldn't have left early if Tom hadn't told me I could.
How much money do I need to save before I can retire?
Love is just a fancy.
Offer her flowers.
Flowers can be useful to say thank you or sorry.
Give me all the flowers you have there.
Just give me a price.
If you can give me a couple of those bills, maybe we could have a deal.
Is she a patient here?
She works here.
Maybe you could tell me where she is.
You can't just go up there.
Why don't you just take a seat there and wait for her?
"What's the purpose of your visit here?" "It's personal."
He's selling flowers.
Make sure he doesn't go upstairs.
I'm Sarah's husband.
And what do you want?
I'm pretty certain that they're all for you.
I'm pretty sure that the flowers are for you.
What's going on with you, Fadil?
What I have to tell you is going to make you scream.
I need to call the security guard.
You just wanted to become my friend to obtain information.
Right from the beginning you have lied to me.
You mean it doesn't matter?
I brought her chocolate.
Don't you see that, Jamal?
Did you tell Sarah?
I couldn't find Sarah.
She's here for sure.
I just need some time to find her.
I'm here waiting for her.
I'll do that myself.
I don't want his flowers.
Who says I have any secrets?
I don't wanna see him.
We spent yesterday morning together.
I started feeling things that I hadn't felt before.
I have no intention of seeing him.
He's still waiting for her downstairs.
Is this Jamal?
Excuse me, Doctor.
I'm not selling flowers.
They're looking for someone.
She's a nurse and she works here.
I asked the other nurses but they couldn't find her.
My marriage is the same. It's been on the rocks for ages.
Stop looking elsewhere.
Stop creating trouble.
You already have a wonderful husband that loves you.
He used to be the perfect guy.
Jamal is not part of my future.
Are you thinking of telling him about that?
His fate is already decided.
It's his problem. It's none of my business.
Jamal left the construction site to go get a drink.
He wasn't quite right.
Was there a problem? Something with my father?
"Please give me a painkiller." "No. I can't give you one yet."
Come back later, sir.
Someone is waiting for you upstairs.
He's brought you flowers.
He asked me to find you.
If you drop it, I'll take it out of your wage.
If you drop that vase, I'll take it out of your wage.
Put that on my desk.
I was just taking a little rest.
You must be working hard.
Thank you for your kind attention.
I have to tell my husband.
We didn't do it on purpose.
The vase is broken. You'll pay for it.
Bring me those things I've asked for.
Can we run now?
Put that knife down.
I'm not gonna tell him I didn't find you.
Just say that I can't see him.
What if he insists?
He must leave now.
Please do it for me, sweetheart.
He's on his way back here.
Why does he always have to be late?
I've phoned him to remind him about it.
Let's tell him what happened.
Do you know how long I've been waiting for her?
Is that what she said?
Give her these flowers for me.
He's just tired of waiting.
I told him not to wait for you anymore.
I'm gonna go back to work and earn some money.
I told Jamal no.
Here he comes down.
We're gonna be late.
We have an appointment with the decorator.
I lost track of all time.
Tom is late again.
Give it to me, Tom.
Tom has the tickets.
Why isn't Tom coming?
Have some coffee, Tom.
Tom arrived in a taxi.
Are you married to Tom?
Don't complain so much.
Give me your hand, Tom.
Tom has an appointment.
You're hurting me, Tom.
Don't you see that, Tom?
Tom suffered quite a lot.
Tom is naive and gullible.
Did you manage to call Tom?
Does that car belong to Tom?
Why isn't Tom coming tonight?
Did you really do that to Tom?
I wanted to have a word with Tom.
Tom waited for you all afternoon.
Does Tom know that you're going out?
Drink this, Tom. You'll feel better.
Did Tom tell you he was Mary's husband?
Did you spend the entire morning with Tom?
I haven't heard from Tom since last night.
I'm afraid that what Tom said wasn't correct.
You know that Tom and Mary don't get along with each other, don't you?
I've come to pick up the results of the test I've done earlier this morning.
Congratulations, you're pregnant.
You know what this is?
It's a pregnancy test and it's positive.
I bought him a watch.
I was trying to deny everything that ever happened.
You're no a child anymore.
I'm going over to tell him right now.
Just control your emotions.
Do you at least know what this is?
I'm afraid you'll have to take the flowers away.
You know perfectly well that there are regulations concerning animals.
These flowers can't stay here.
And who else?
"Here you go." "Thank you."
You're gonna make a lovely couple.
I haven't told them about everything we're planning.
Ask my sister to show you.
Your wedding is going to be fabulous and unforgettable.
Did you check all the CDs? Are they OK?
Thank you for helping me, pal.
The CD is broken. It's useless.
I don't care. I'll pay.
Do we have the money?
I waited for you all afternoon.
I'd like to do things properly.
I collect souvenirs.
You can't imagine all the trouble you're in.
I thought you said you were ready.
I've been taking it easy on you.
I'll never quit.
My life has changed quite a lot.
I've won the race.
He's not gonna quit.
You want it? Come get it.
This will make me feel better.
Maybe you should take a look at this again.
Now you won't be able to deny what happened.
I know what I'm doing. I'm totally in control.
Well that moment has come.
What did the principal tell him?
You weren't at school yesterday.
I thought he wasn't coming.
I'm just really glad that you found a boyfriend.
I absolutely fell in love with those photos.
I love it. It's perfect.
Don't you like the flower arrangement?
Maybe you want to talk in private.
I didn't want you to tell him the truth.
I don't want him to know the truth.
He wasn't always like that.
I've come to see your boss if he's in.
It is something important for me and for you as well.
Decorating isn't really my thing.
I think that it doesn't make any difference.
I don't really give a damn about the decoration of our wedding.
Are you having second thoughts about getting married?
Do you still want to get married?
I'm not feeling very well tonight.
You can think what you want.
I really don't have patience for this.
You can take my car.
I just don't have time. Really, I'm going.
Here. This is for you.
I know you must still be mad at me.
He wanted to give them to me.
He's also very interested in you.
News really does travel fast.
I'd like to know something.
He just called me and he accepted the job.
We're gonna have to do a bit of shopping.
There is no turning back, Fadil.
If you don't want to do it, then I will.
You fold it, then you fold it over, then you fold it again.
I wanted to see what it looked like on her.
The dress really brings out her skin tones.
I'm Fadil Sadiq. At your service.
A few days ago, you wanted to marry Fadil, and now you want another guy.
Thanks for the coffee, sweetheart.
I'll buy you a coffee at the cafeteria.
You're going to give me that opportunity.
If you think I'm different from the other guys, then why don't you agree to come out with me?
"We've met before." "No. I'm sure I would have remembered that meeting."
I'm not used to such compliments.
Here's Fadil.
What on earth happened here?
What a great time we have had.
We have had a great day.
Tom was an auto mechanic.
I just want you to shut up.
Tom didn't need to leave in such a hurry.
How difficult can that be?
Tom is a very polite young man.
My mother often sings when she's washing dishes.
I wonder why Tom didn't tell you about what had happened.
How long did you think the meeting was going to last?
Tom wouldn't do anything.
I just wanted to do my job.
Tom decided he shouldn't stay any longer.
How do I apply for a visa?
Tom is able to play the guitar.
It was a lot tougher than I thought it would be.
I didn't know that Tom was the one who taught you French.
How do you know if your child is ready for preschool?
Guess who Tom's father is?
I knew I needed to do that.
Tom came home later than usual yesterday.
How do I open this window?
Tom is accustomed to traveling.
If you don't want to do that, you don't have to.
How will you convince Tom to lend you the money you need?
How do I know that you're telling the truth?
How did Tom get to Boston?
I might be able to do that.
Tom and Mary played tennis all afternoon.
How do we fix the problem?
Tom is afraid of being cheated.
Do you know anyone who would be able to help us?
How long do you think we can sit here before Tom sees us?
How did you support yourself before you got this job?
How much does Tom owe you?
I promise not to judge you.
Should I tell Tom not to do that anymore?
How do you deal with that?
Tom is all right at the moment.
Are you convinced this is the right thing to do?
How did you know Tom was going to go to Boston with Mary?
How could that have happened without anyone noticing?
We are here to see you all.
If I truly care about the poor, then why on earth am I not a Communist? It is precisely because I care about the poor that I am not a Communist.
We may have reached the point where cosmetics has replaced ideology as the field of expertise over which a politician must have competent control.
I dreamed last night that I was chased all around by a fearful goblin with a big layer cake for a head.
Cakes have such a terrible habit of turning out bad just when you especially want them to be good.
Oh, look, Diana, what a lovely rainbow!
Every night before I go to bed, I look out of my window and wonder if the dryad is really sitting here, combing her locks with the spring for a mirror. Sometimes I look for her footprints in the dew in the morning.
Anne got up at sunrise because she was too excited to sleep.
After breakfast, she proceeded to make her cake.
I'm sure I haven't forgotten anything this time.
What if the cake doesn't rise?
Can I fix the table with ferns and wild roses?
Anne felt that Mrs. Allan's approving smile was almost too much happiness for this world.
All went merry as a marriage bell until Anne's layer cake was passed.
Oh, you must take a piece of this, Mrs. Allan. Anne made it on purpose for you.
"Anne Shirley!" she exclaimed, "what on earth did you put into that cake?"
Anne, taste it yourself.
Go and bring me the bottle of vanilla you used.
I suppose it's partly my fault. I should have warned you.
She cast herself on the bed and wept as one who refuses to be comforted.
I'm disgraced forever. I shall never be able to live this down.
"My dear little girl, you mustn't cry like this," she said, genuinely disturbed by Anne's tragic face.
Now, you mustn't cry any more, but come down with me and show me your flower garden.
Isn't it nice to think that tomorrow is a new day with no mistakes in it yet?
Have you ever noticed one encouraging thing about me? I never make the same mistake twice.
"But have you ever noticed one encouraging thing about me, Marilla? I never make the same mistake twice." "I don't know as that's much benefit when you're always making new ones."
There must be a limit to the mistakes one person can make, and when I get to the end of them, then I'll be through with them. That's a very comforting thought.
"Well, you'd better go and give that cake to the pigs," said Marilla. "It isn't fit for any human to eat."
Excitement hung around Anne like a garment, shone in her eyes, kindled in every feature.
She had come dancing up the lane, like a wind-blown sprite, through the mellow sunshine and lazy shadows of the August evening.
I am invited to tea at the manse tomorrow afternoon!
Marilla had almost begun to despair of ever fashioning this waif of the world into her model little girl of demure manners and prim deportment.
Anne thought that the morning would never come.
I believe I could be a model child if I were just invited out to tea every day.
The trouble with you, Anne, is that you're thinking too much about yourself.
A cool wind was blowing down over the long harvest fields from the rims of firry western hills and whistling through the poplars.
One clear star hung over the orchard and the fireflies were flitting over in Lover's Lane, in and out among the ferns and rustling boughs.
She was dressed in the sweetest dress of pale-pink organdy, with dozens of frills and elbow sleeves, and she looked just like a seraph.
You know there are some people, like Matthew and Mrs. Allan that you can love right off without any trouble. And there are others, like Mrs. Lynde, that you have to try very hard to love.
Mrs. Allan says I have a good voice and she says I must sing in the Sunday-school choir.
Mrs. Lynde says they've never had a female teacher in Avonlea before and she thinks it is a dangerous innovation.
I'm so impatient to see her.
All the silly things that were done in Avonlea that summer because the doers thereof were "dared" to do them would fill a book by themselves.
Josie Pye dared Jane Andrews to hop on her left leg around the garden without stopping once or putting her right foot to the ground.
Carrie Sloane dared Ruby Gillis to climb to a certain point in the huge old willow tree before the front doo.
Anne Shirley dared her to walk along the top of the board fence which bounded the garden to the east.
Anne tossed her red braids.
I dare you to climb up there and walk the ridgepole of Mr. Barry's kitchen roof.
"Don't you do it, Anne," entreated Diana. "You'll fall off and be killed. "
It isn't fair to dare anybody to do anything so dangerous.
I must do it. My honor is at stake.
"I must do it. My honor is at stake," said Anne solemnly.
I shall walk that ridgepole, Diana, or perish in the attempt.
If I am killed you are to have my pearl bead ring.
Anne climbed the ladder amid breathless silence.
"Anne, are you killed?" shrieked Diana, throwing herself on her knees beside her friend.
No, Diana, I am not killed, but I think I am rendered unconscious.
At sight of her Anne tried to scramble to her feet, but sank back again with a sharp little cry of pain.
What's the matter? Where have you hurt yourself?
"My ankle," gasped Anne.
She would have admitted that she liked Anne--nay, that she was very fond of Anne. But now she knew as she hurried wildly down the slope that Anne was dearer to her than anything else on earth.
Bring her in here and lay her on the sofa.
Matthew, hastily summoned from the harvest field, was straightway dispatched for the doctor.
The injury was more serious than they had supposed.
Anne's ankle was broken.
The thought that it is all my own fault is what makes it so hard. If I could blame it on anybody I would feel so much better.
It does seem so strange to think of Superintendent Bell ever being a boy. Even my imagination has its limits.
He told me all about the time he broke his ankle when he was a boy.
Diana has been a faithful friend.
The Friday afternoons, they don't have recitations. Miss Stacy takes them all to the woods for a 'field' day and they study ferns and flowers and birds.
"There's one thing plain to be seen, Anne," said Marilla, "and that is that your fall off the Barry roof hasn't injured your tongue at all."
I love watching football.
The dews were so heavy that the fields glistened like cloth of silver.
I love writing compositions.
Josie Pye is sulky because she didn't get the part she wanted in the dialogue. She wanted to be the fairy queen.
Jane Andrews is to be the queen and I am to be one of her maids of honor.
She was dressed with exceeding smartness and wore several bangle bracelets that glittered and rattled and tinkled with every movement of her hands.
Miss Harris looked somewhat surprised, as well she might, to hear a man inquiring for garden rakes in the middle of December.
It'll be a real satisfaction to see that poor child wearing something decent for once.
Christmas morning broke on a beautiful white world.
It had been a very mild December and people had looked forward to a green Christmas; but just enough snow fell softly in the night to transfigure Avonlea.
Anne peeped out from her frosted gable window with delighted eyes.
The firs in the Haunted Wood were all feathery and wonderful.
The birches and wild cherry trees were outlined in pearl.
The plowed fields were stretches of snowy dimples.
Merry Christmas, Marilla! Merry Christmas, Matthew!
Why—why—Matthew, is that for me? Oh, Matthew!
"That's a Christmas present for you, Anne," said Matthew shyly.
"Oh," said Anne, "Diana, this is too much. I must be dreaming."
"Oh, hasn't it been a brilliant evening?" sighed Anne, when it was all over and she and Diana were walking home together under a dark, starry sky.
I felt as if a million eyes were looking at me.
I think I'm going to sleep at my place tonight.
I was proud of Anne tonight, although I'm not going to tell her so.
The winter weeks slipped by.
It was an unusually mild winter.
Oh, Diana, look, there's a rabbit.
The woods are just as lovely in winter as in summer.
I really think the woods are just as lovely in winter as in summer. They're so white and still, as if they were asleep and dreaming pretty dreams.
Marilla was not given to subjective analysis of her thoughts and feelings.
Marilla, as she picked her steps along the damp lane, thought that it was really a satisfaction to know that she was going home to a briskly snapping wood fire and a table nicely spread for tea.
She had told Anne to be sure and have tea ready at five o'clock.
Anne Shirley, what have you done to your hair? Why, it's green!
I thought nothing could be as bad as red hair. But now I know it's ten times worse to have green hair.
"Now, then, what did you do to your hair?" "I dyed it."
"Oh, Marilla, what shall I do?" questioned Anne in tears. "I can never live this down. "
I am the unhappiest girl in Prince Edward Island.
These headaches of mine are getting worse and worse. I'll have to see a doctor about them.
There is no sweeter music on earth than that which the wind makes in the fir trees at evening.
One of the causes of forest dieback is acid rain.
My grandmother had a delicious recipe for cod.
Do you know how much a pound of cod is?
This tastes like cod liver oil.
Cod fritters are delicious, but absorb lots of fat.
Prior preparation prevents poor performance.
How often did Tom do that?
I quite frankly don't know.
Let me ask Tom if he wants to go with us.
How do you make beef stew?
Tom is almost as short as Mary.
You should seriously consider going to college.
How did Tom talk Mary into helping him with his homework?
How come none of my babysitters ever looked like you?
Tom and I don't talk much.
I think I can handle it OK.
I'd really like to know why Tom did that.
How do you stay motivated?
Tom is already making progress.
You don't need to help us if you don't want to.
What would've happened if Tom hadn't been there to help?
How can you be so certain you haven't made a mistake?
Tom and Mary are divorced.
I think I'll take that one.
I was very surprised to hear Tom singing.
How far away is your farm?
Tom is always being a nuisance.
You don't need to do that if you don't want to.
Tom swore he wouldn't tell Mary about what had happened.
How can I be sure that I'm making the right decision?
Tom bought a toy for Mary.
I think those are the best.
I think we should ask Tom to sing for us.
How hard can it really be?
Tom is an extremely bright man.
You don't have to help us if you don't want to.
Tom said that he hated the last song we sang last night.
How are we going to fit all of this stuff in the car?
Tom cooked us a nice meal.
I told you to stop singing.
I think Tom would've done the same thing.
How has your life changed?
Tom is appearing on TV tonight.
When was the last time you replaced the filter?
Tom promised Mary that he wouldn't ever see Alice again.
How would you like it if everyone called you stupid?
Tom cut the envelope open.
I want to beat that record.
I think Tom has already tried to do that.
How is a new pope elected?
Tom is certainly a good player.
We've been planning this trip for three months.
Tom never locked his doors when he lived in the country.
How would you all like to have a little fun tonight?
Tom died in the collision.
I want you to stop singing.
I think Tom has already tried doing that.
How is this going to work?
Tom is doing a really good job.
We'll go hiking tomorrow if the weather's good.
Tom may not want to sing, but you should ask him anyway.
How often do doctors misdiagnose medical conditions?
Tom doesn't like baseball.
I'll be in Boston tomorrow.
I just can't believe Tom really did that.
How long have I been here?
Why didn't any of my babysitters ever look like you?
Tom is doing just the opposite.
We finally realized that we shouldn't be there.
Tom has a daughter that goes to the same school as Mary.
How much did it cost you to buy your school uniform?
Tom doesn't try very hard.
I'm hoping it won't happen.
I hope Tom doesn't know what you've done.
How long have you been up?
Tom is doing surprisingly well.
We didn't do everything we were supposed to do.
Tom and Mary have one grandson and three granddaughters.
How long does it take you to do something like that?
Tom got his feelings hurt.
I'm not as busy as you are.
How much money do you think Tom has left?
How many games can we win?
Tom is feeling a little better.
Has anyone told you about what really happened?
Maybe I shouldn't have told Tom about what had happened.
How long did you think the picnic was going to last?
Tom had fun playing cards.
I'm not as tall as you are.
How long have Tom and Mary been fighting?
How many guards are there?
Tom is going back to Australia.
You should seriously consider studying abroad.
It was obvious that Tom didn't want to get in the water.
How has your life changed over the last three years?
Tom has never been absent.
I didn't care what happened.
How do you think Tom was able to do that?
How much did that cost us?
Tom is going to be an engineer.
Why are we talking about me and not about you?
I wish I could get Tom to help pull weeds in the garden.
How has your life been different from your father's?
Tom is in prison for life.
I don't put sugar in my tea.
How do you know that Tom isn't in Boston?
How much food do you need?
Tom is going to be out a while.
What's the real reason you don't want to sing?
I promised myself I wouldn't complain about Tom anymore.
How do you think humans are going to become extinct?
Tom is interested in golf.
I don't really want to sing.
How do you know Tom was the one did that?
How much sleep do you get?
Tom is much better than he was.
We don't have anything like this in Australia.
We really thought Tom was going to stay for a few days.
How do you know the police don't know what happened?
Tom knew he couldn't stay.
I don't think I've mellowed.
How did we not know that Tom was unhappy?
How much time do you want?
Tom is much too young for this.
There are many other things we could be doing.
Tom tried to convince Mary to go to the dance with him.
How do you balance being a mother, a wife and a lawyer?
Tom might be coming later.
I don't think we'll do that.
How did Tom know we were looking for him?
How much will it all cost?
Tom is now a software engineer.
Let's list all the reasons we should be happy.
The only one here who knows how to speak French is Tom.
How did a nice guy like you get in a mess like this?
Tom never locks his doors.
I don't want to sing either.
How did Tom ever pass a background check?
How old are your kids now?
Tom is now in stable condition.
Let's list all the reasons we need to do this.
I wasn't the one who told Tom that he couldn't be here.
How could there be a storm on a day as nice as this?
Tom said he could do that.
I hope you're not too angry.
How can Tom win if he has no competitors?
How realistic is the plan?
Your new hat is elegant, Diana, and so becoming.
Do you suppose it's wrong for us to think so much about our clothes? Marilla says it is very sinful.
The air was fresh and crisp, and little smoke-blue mists curled through the valleys and floated off from the hills.
"Isn't it just like a palace?" whispered Diana.
That's the worst of growing up, and I'm beginning to realize it. The things you wanted so much when you were a child don't seem half so wonderful to you when you get them.
In the evening, Miss Barry took them to a concert in the Academy of Music, where a noted prima donna was to sing.
The ice cream was delicious.
Miss Barry was a rather selfish old lady, if the truth must be told, and had never cared much for anybody but herself.
Anne ran blithely up the hill and into the kitchen, where a hot supper was waiting on the table.
Marilla laid her knitting on her lap and leaned back in her chair.
The only light in the kitchen came from the dancing red flames in the stove.
Anne was curled up Turk-fashion on the hearthrug, gazing into that joyous glow where the sunshine of a hundred summers was being distilled from the maple cordwood.
She had been reading, but her book had slipped to the floor, and now she was dreaming, with a smile on her parted lips.
Glittering castles in Spain were shaping themselves out of the mists and rainbows of her lively fancy.
Ruby Gillis thinks of nothing but young men, and the older she gets the worse she is.
It's perfectly appalling to think of being twenty, Marilla. It sounds so fearfully old and grown up.
Miss Stacy caught me reading Ben Hur in school yesterday afternoon when I should have been studying my Canadian history.
Tom is serving a life sentence.
It's not hard to guess what's going to happen.
I thought it was really nice of you to do that for Tom.
How can I keep my email account from getting hacked?
Tom set fire to his house.
I hope you're not too upset.
How are we going to get Tom to come home?
How tolerant should we be?
Tom is similar to your brother.
Is there any other way we could be doing this?
You'll always have a home at Green Gables as long as Matthew and I are here, but nobody knows what is going to happen in this uncertain world.
Jane says she will devote her whole life to teaching, and never, never marry, because you are paid a salary for teaching, but a husband won't pay you anything.
Charlie Sloane says he's going to go into politics and be a member of Parliament.
We've got to make sure Tom doesn't ever do that again.
How would you feel if that happened to your sister?
Tom set his house on fire.
I just try to do what I can.
We're not going to let Tom sing with us.
How would you handle this?
Tom is still in the same place.
Do your homework as soon as you finish dinner.
Tom tried to ask Mary a question, but she ignored him.
How often do you use the camera on your smartphone?
Rachel is a good Christian woman and she means well.
There isn't a kinder soul in Avonlea and she never shirks her share of work.
Tom has a vertical garden in his kitchen.
"Why, Anne, how you've grown!" she said, almost unbelievingly.
The child she had learned to love had vanished somehow and here was this tall, serious-eyed girl of fifteen.
"I was thinking about Anne," she explained. "She's got to be such a big girl--and she'll probably be away from us next winter. I'll miss her terrible."
"She'll be able to come home often," comforted Matthew.
It won't be the same thing as having her here all the time.
Men can't understand these things.
Anne colored and laughed a little, as she dropped her book and looked dreamily out of the window.
Sometimes I wake up in the night and wonder what I'll do if I don't pass.
I wish I had nerves like Jane Andrews. Nothing rattles her.
If you can't be cheerful, be as cheerful as you can.
Last night I was horribly lonesome all alone in my room and wished so much you were with me.
Ruby asked me to feel her hands and they were as cold as ice.
When we reached the Academy there were scores of students there from all over the Island.
Sometimes I have wished I was born a boy, but when I see Moody Spurgeon I'm always glad I'm a girl and not his sister.
Oh, Diana, if only the geometry examination were over!
The girls say they know they didn't pass, but I think they did pretty well.
I wish I could go to sleep and never wake up until it is over.
Oh, you'll pass all right. Don't worry.
She hoped fervently that she would be among the first ten at least, so that she might see Matthew's kindly brown eyes gleam with pride in her achievement.
The eastern sky above the firs was flushed faintly pink from the reflection of the west.
I want to say a hundred things, and I can't find words to say them in.
They hurried to the hayfield below the barn where Matthew was coiling hay.
Tom started talking to me.
I really don't want to sing.
Tom wanted to learn how to speak French.
How's your blood pressure?
Tom is taller than his brother.
Are you still practicing the guitar every day?
Tom said he would try to make it to our party tonight.
How much time have you spent discussing this topic?
Tom takes the bus to work.
I'm not going to sing today.
Tom thought it would be safe to do that.
How badly do you want this?
Tom is the captain of the team.
You're not expecting me to help you, are you?
Tom promised Mary that he would never see Alice again.
How much stuff have you accumulated over the years?
I'm not sure how I did that.
Tom promised he'd never hit me again.
How big a yard do you have?
Tom is very afraid of the dark.
You still owe me about three hundred dollars.
Tom must've known Mary wouldn't want him at her party.
How much pocket money do you get from your parents?
Tom told me where to stop.
I'm not sure what we can do.
Tom isn't very likely to know that song.
How can I thank you enough?
Tom is working on a term paper.
You don't have to leave if you don't want to.
Tom looked at Mary and wondered what she was thinking.
How many people have you told what really happened?
Tom wanted something else.
I've really got to get home.
Tom isn't really going to Boston, is he?
How can anyone be so naive?
Tom isn't a university student.
Why do things like this keep happening to me?
Tom hasn't sung professionally for almost three years.
How many hours do you actually exercise every week?
Tom wants things done now.
I didn't really want to sing.
Tom has decided to stay a few more days.
How can we let this happen?
Tom isn't going to be punished.
Why didn't anyone tell me about this earlier?
Tom doesn't really plan to stay up all night, does he?
How long do you think the concert is going to last?
Tom was forced to do that.
I didn't want anybody's help.
Tom couldn't find the light switch.
I'll miss Tom a lot.
I'd like to open a bank account, please.
Get the fuck out of my life.
Shopping is not complicated at all!
Tom has an unusually good singing voice.
How can you criticize that?
Tom isn't sure how it happened.
Why did you decide on majoring in journalism?
Tom didn't have enough time to do what needed to be done.
How long do you estimate it'll take to repair this?
Tom wished he were taller.
I didn't want to do anything.
Tom didn't have the confidence to do it.
How can you sleep at night?
I'm sorry that I did it.
Tom seems to be in a very good mood today.
Tom seems to be in a good mood today.
I wish Tom could be a little nicer.
Tom isn't sure what to believe.
Who do you spend most of your free time with?
Tom definitely knew that he shouldn't have eaten that.
How long did you think the party was going to last?
Tom wouldn't let go of me.
I don't always sleep so well.
Tom couldn't remember his doctor's name.
How did you break your leg?
Tom isn't the right man for me.
When was the last time you were really happy?
I didn't want to hurt her.
You have to believe me, Fadil.
I have only fallen for another woman.
I should stop and think a bit.
Are you thirsty, pal?
If I were you, I think I'd probably hit her.
Why are you telling me this nonsense.
What do you want me to do about this?
You seem very confused.
You never had a father.
Are you getting me?
Are you telling me that it's completely normal to cheat on my wife?
Why would I have to think that your behavior is different from mine?
If I had to divorce every time I had an affair, I would have divorced thirty times by now.
I've had enough time to think.
Fadil is born one of a kind.
Just because he's engaged doesn't mean that he isn't in love with Layla.
You have to fight against this other woman.
That's what I call sweet triumph.
Are you talking from experience?
I really don't want a battle.
To live is to fight.
Only the strongest survive.
Life isn't like a fairy tale.
My stomach feels like it's on fire.
"By the way, what happened with that pregnancy test?" "It came out negative."
They took advantage of it.
Fadil should never have got promoted.
I can't marry Layla and continue seeing other women.
Is it that difficult to understand?
I can't say the same about you.
The mayor was bribed to sell the land.
Just don't push this any further.
You can rest for a little bit.
Is he coming here?
Will you please talk to him and try to convince him?
Talk to him and tell him to come back.
Just go and lie down. I'll take care of everything.
I'll offer you a simple proposition.
Allow me more time.
Don't you think we should call the police?
We don't know where she is.
This idiot is out of your life for ever.
Come on, don't look sad.
"Where's Fadil?" "He's taking a shower."
I am not pregnant.
A woman in your situation could easily develop an ulcer.
I've probably got an ulcer.
Me and Fadil are alike, always thinking of other people.
Did you tell him that Fadil is here in my house?
He must be extremely worried.
Layla went missing from my house.
Do I have to repeat the story for you?
I don't want to talk about it anymore. I'm done with this.
Your father is taking the whole thing as a betrayal.
What if they heard you?
You could really get hurt.
I've read this in the newspaper.
I've read in the newspaper about people who got shot for far less than what you've done.
No one is going to shoot me.
I'm going to marry Fadil now.
So why are you here?
Did she let you in?
I'm very tired. I don't want to do this now.
I'll take you home and you can be with your family.
Where did you park your truck?
I can't believe they stole my truck.
My truck has been stolen.
Who would steal that stupid truck of yours?
This is exactly what I don't need.
I know who stole your truck.
Don't touch my truck.
Everyone is talking.
He's just a loser out of money.
I slept fine.
Get me a microphone.
Give that guy a piece of your mind.
I've decided it's time to stop now.
Please don't make this any more difficult than what it already is.
I can't marry anybody.
I know her and I've got proof that you date her.
I was so angry with him that I could have grabbed him by the throat.
I don't trust men anymore.
I had no idea I'd be betrayed so easily again.
I didn't get badly hurt.
Fadil lied to me.
You don't need him.
She has been chosen to lead the team.
Go in the house right now.
I saw her picture.
Let's not do this here.
Don't you know that everybody is talking about us?
Because Fadil is stupid, he messed it up.
Go into the house or I'll have to take you in by force.
If you leave me, my life will be nothing.
I promise you'll regret this.
Could you stop causing trouble?
I've earned it without you.
Fadil would like to see you.
Please come in and have a seat.
"Sit down." "Thank you."
I'd really appreciate it if you could fix that problem.
"I'm Fadil, it's nice to meet you." "It's a pleasure to meet you, Fadil."
If you're interested, I know some people.
You can count on me, Fadil.
You're wasting your time looking at his picture all day.
Why is Fadil here?
Do I have to schedule an appointment to see you?
This is more than just a visit.
I wanted to give myself a gift.
It's such an honor to be remembered by a person like you.
Why did Fadil come here?
Would you like a painting or a sculpture?
My sister is here in Cairo.
I thought you'd be happy to hear it.
If there's no enemies, there's no incentives, and the neocons needed enemies to do what they did.
Call her whatever you want.
"It's all over." "But only for the moment."
Take it easy, Fadil. Calm down.
So I'm free?
It's time for our story to begin.
How's everyone doing here?
Fadil has a lot of work.
Did you learn that speech by heart?
I thought he would be ready.
Is it ready yet?
Your check is ready.
"I supposed I could go in there now?" "Go through."
She just went to the administration to get a check.
Where is Fadil's truck?
I know you stole it.
I'll give you until the night for that truck to appear, otherwise I'll call the police.
Can you cover for me until I'm back?
I'll give you a check.
Why did Tom come here?
Tom and I are a lot alike.
Fadil has got plenty of time.
They told me there was a problem with the invoice.
"Your name is...?" "Fadil Sadiq."
I have to call the administration department.
You'll come with me, no matter what.
I'll be waiting inside.
I wanna be with you.
I'm sure he's coming.
I don't wanna think about him.
I don't wanna think anything about him.
Don't mention him again.
This clinic is much bigger than the one I used to work at.
Fadil Sadiq will be in charge with the laboratory.
"Layla is a certified nurse." "Oh, so you're one of us."
He was feeling perfectly fine when I examined him.
"Give me the key." "I'd rather die."
They called me and said there was a problem.
I'm sorry to make you come all the way up here.
If that woman is here, there's something she wants.
You've got to tell me.
I'm feeling much better now, thanks.
My blood pressure probably went down, but I'm fine now.
I feel fine now, really.
Let's go back inside. It's windy.
Go back in there.
Go back in.
Please tell me what's wrong, Fadil.
You didn't bring flowers today.
Could you please do me a small favor?
This is the last painting of our new collection.
You're not wrong about that.
I think this is exactly what you're after.
Maybe he came here to see Layla.
You don't have any manners, do you?
I know that you want me.
I know that you're still in love with me.
You left me.
Just stop playing games with me.
"What is it what you want?" "I want answers."
I'm in a very good mood today.
So what time do you get off work?
Make an exception.
I promise we'll have fun.
You've got no idea how much I think about you.
I'm really busy right now.
You can wake me up with a nice kiss.
When you come out with me, you'll see we'll have a nice time.
I don't want you to wait for me.
Sorry. I didn't mean to bother you.
Stay away from me, Fadil.
I'm absolutely and completely serious.
I already knew who you are.
You and I will have nothing between us.
I can't believe it. She doesn't like me.
That idiot came looking for me.
I told Fadil not to come back.
The truth is that I wanted to die.
I didn't say anything to Fadil.
Who's gonna believe him?
I thought you'd be happy to hear that.
I'm just not interested in that.
I wasn't going to tell him.
We have a lot to learn today.
Is he feeling any better?
That's all I'm asking for.
I really am sure.
He has been working on the project for a long time.
Bring me your resume. I told you there's a vacancy at my office.
Are you alone now?
The baby is still fine.
We've just admitted a patient.
I need an electrocardiogram for this patient.
I finally found you.
Is it open?
Fadil isn't in.
Can I help you with anything, pal?
Father and son working together again.
Why is this guy here and not Fadil?
It looks good to me.
It took time, but it was worth it.
Come, we'll talk outside.
They could throw me out at any moment.
I'm not leaving until we talk.
Stop thinking about it.
I swear I can't believe what I'm doing.
Don't you realize that my work is very serious?
You're making me lose my mind.
My life was a mess.
Now I don't understand anything.
Fadil won't take no for an answer.
Could you come here a moment please?
I'm gonna speak to you in your own language so you understand.
I'm in love with and engaged to Dania.
I talked to my fiance last night.
You can't mess with people's feelings.
"Do you understand me now?" "Every word."
We have an emergency in room 17.
He'll be fine, OK?
We're just waiting for your test results.
Can you explain to me what this is?
Maybe you'll learn a lesson from this.
He made a fool of me.
I didn't know anything about that.
I have yawned.
I always fall for the wrong guy.
I want to do him what he did to me.
He didn't tell me he was engaged.
We're not getting married. At least not this year.
Maybe they had a fight.
Maybe she had a fight with Fadil.
"Should I call him?" "Yes, I do think you should call him."
Stay away from me, Tom.
Please tell me what's wrong, Tom.
Where's Tom's truck?
Something very strange is happening in your office.
Does he work for this company?
He's still here in your office.
I'll sort this out.
Fadil is on his way.
He sees the world from a very communist point of view.
We'll have to be careful with this.
That's why I've asked you over.
He said something to me like I won't forget.
He's going to be my son-in-law.
Fadil knows too much.
What I don't like is that he knows too much.
He was just looking.
I've worked here for many years.
I'll take it to your office.
I was already leaving.
I just finished work.
I study medicine.
I'll just take these.
I'll be late for my classes.
Isn't that your brother's truck?
I didn't steal the money.
Why did you bring Fadil here?
I know he sells stolen cars.
All stolen cars end up here.
We didn't find a single trace of it.
Don't give any names.
No names, OK?
They told me exactly what they tell everybody.
Do you know how much that car cost me?
I wasn't even insured.
Hello. Is anyone here?
Fadil went to school.
This one is Fadil.
Did you talk to Fadil?
What does she think?
She's completely sure that she's not pregnant.
Let me go now.
I made these for you.
Even the police say it was you.
Go back to your house.
Nothing happened, right?
I don't care what they think.
Don't touch my porn.
What is Fadil waiting for?
Guess where I'm calling from.
I'm calling from my new office.
I don't see why I should tell Dad.
I must talk to Fadil.
Fadil is taking a shower.
There should be a key somewhere.
Never leave the key in the ignition.
Is he still in my office?
Could you come here a moment, please?
I was going to call you back.
Why are you in my office?
I don't need anybody's permission to come to this office.
I'll tell you the truth to your face.
He believed in my skills.
You know what your real problem is, Fadil?
Don't talk to me about respect after all what you did to my sister.
I spent months in jail because of you.
Are you accusing me of stealing?
You'll be kicked out of the company.
Whenever I close my eyes, the first thing I see is that woman's face.
Did he tell you that he would fire Fadil?
He still has some hope.
I notified Mr. Sadiq. He's on his way.
You know I love him, don't you?
How can you be proud of a man like that?
Nobody is important.
I think that love doesn't exist.
I just can't believe what you just said.
Don't tell me you were never in love.
Yesterday doesn't matter. Life is today. Life is now.
My life turned into a dark and shapeless living hell.
It doesn't matter. Not anymore.
But look at what you've got now.
But you have kids.
I tried to be the woman that Fadil wanted me to be.
I know that you're very responsible.
You must have seen him.
He's redecorating the office.
Does Fadıl know Jet Fadıl?
This office belongs to me, not him.
Get out of my office!
Wait for me in my office.
I don't want to have anything that reminds me of you in this room.
Everything is the same as before.
Where did you get the stupid idea of getting into Mr. Sadiq's office?
You have to understand that.
I tried to be the woman that Tom wanted me to be.
Did Tom tell you that he'd fired Mary?
I must talk to Tom.
This one is for Tom.
Maybe Tom had a fight with Mary.
Tom wanted to see him.
Tom wanted to see her.
Everything's the same as before.
It's probably not a good idea to do what Tom suggests.
How did you like those sandwiches we had for lunch?
What does Tom do for work?
I don't feel that way at all.
Tom could sing well when he was a child.
How did you deal with that?
Tom isn't very strict about it.
We go out and have dinner together sometimes.
Do you think Tom really intends to drop out of school?
How did you know that was what I was going to do?
How are you related to Tom?
I don't know what they think.
Tom and Mary got married three days ago.
How did you get that price?
Tom just doesn't want to do it.
People are singing and dancing in the street.
Tom's injuries aren't as serious as we first thought.
How can you talk that way about your oldest friend?
How does Tom keep his cool?
I hope you'll come back soon.
Tom Jackson called the meeting to order.
How did you get to do that?
Tom just kept right on talking.
Nobody's ever been as nice to me as you have.
Tom isn't the one who wrote the songs I sang tonight.
How are we supposed to prevent that from happening?
How much is Tom being paid?
I hope you'll visit us again.
Tell Tom that I already know what to do.
How do you keep costs down?
Tom just makes it look so easy.
It's been a problem for the last three years.
Tom is the only guy I know who has a pilot's license.
How are we supposed to manage with so little money?
I feel no sympathy for Tom.
I never regretted doing that.
The police interrogated Tom for three hours.
How exactly does this work?
Tom just started talking to me.
You don't need to stay if you don't want to.
He believed they had destroyed it.
He believed that they had destroyed it.
Mary is a quack doctor.
The tongue is the midwife of all disasters.
Tawny owls are highly territorial.
Prisons are overcrowded.
When it rains, he takes the bus.
They didn't need to take a taxi.
There's a corpse in the basement.
Tom and Mary are both married, but not to each other.
How are people going to know what needs to be done?
I gave the bag back to Tom.
I really feel this is unfair.
It wasn't easy to convince Tom to leave.
How far are we from Boston?
Tom just wants things done now.
We've already done everything we have to do.
Tell Tom that I already know how to get to his place.
How would you like to work under those conditions?
I heard about you from Tom.
I think I did OK on the exam.
I'd hate to be in Tom's shoes right now.
How many chairs do we need?
Tom just wouldn't let go of me.
We're not the only ones who want to do this.
I knew you wouldn't like the kind of music Tom plays.
How would you like to be our wedding photographer?
I never spoke to Tom again.
I think I shouldn't eat this.
I told Tom that I would wash the dishes.
How much caffeine is fatal?
Tom knows all about that stuff.
We'll never be able to do that without help.
How long did it take for you to convince Tom to help?
How would you describe the kind of music you play?
I think Tom is quite right.
I thought it was really good.
I think Tom is a very talented musician.
How much cash do you carry?
A few hours' catnap will do you well.
Huh?
You're flushed.
Is Tom coming here?
I bought Tom a watch.
Is that what Tom said?
Why is Tom always late?
I didn't want to hurt Tom.
If I were you, I'd hit Tom.
Is Tom still in his office?
I thought Tom wasn't coming.
If I were you, I'd kiss Tom.
Tom is on his way back here.
I know Tom sells stolen cars.
I thought Tom would be ready.
Let's tell Tom what happened.
What do you expect Tom to do?
Why on earth did Tom do that?
Is Tom Jackson a patient here?
I thought Tom wouldn't be here.
If I were you, I'd talk to Tom.
Please tell Tom that I came by.
Was Tom the one who let you in?
You know I love Tom, don't you?
Make sure Tom doesn't go upstairs.
Tom didn't tell me he was engaged.
What if Tom insists on doing that?
I didn't want you to tell Tom that.
I don't want Tom to know the truth.
Just tell Tom that I can't see him.
I'm afraid you're going to hurt Tom.
If I were you, I'd ask Tom for help.
I brought what Tom asked me to bring.
Maybe you could tell me where Tom is.
I want to do to Tom what he did to me.
You shouldn't have told Tom the truth.
I saw Tom's picture in today's newspaper.
I'm not going to tell Tom that I didn't find you.
I thought you had convinced Tom to help us.
Tom is still waiting for Mary in the lobby.
Tom just called to say he'd accept the job.
Are you going to tell Tom about what happened?
Do you know how long I've been waiting for Tom?
Do you know how long Tom has been waiting for you?
I told Tom not to wait for more than thirty minutes.
I'm going over to Tom's house now to tell him about that.
Will you please talk to Tom and try to convince him to help?
I'm going over to Tom's house now to tell him about what happened.
Maybe I'm being too politically correct about it.
Maybe I'm being too politically correct.
The Four Great Classical Novels of China are Journey to the West (西遊記, Xī Yóu Jì), Romance of the Three Kingdoms (三國演義, Sānguó Yǎnyì), Water Margin (水滸傳, Shuǐhǔ Zhuàn), and Dream of the Red Chamber (紅樓夢, Hóng Lóu Mèng).
Pygmalion fell in love with the statue he had carved.
Shall I put my pearl beads on?
"There's something so stylish about you, Anne," said Diana, with unenvious admiration.
"Don't speak of your going away tonight," begged Diana. "I don't want to think of it."
The electric lights dazzled her eyes.
She was wedged in between a stout lady in pink silk and a tall, scornful-looking girl in a white-lace dress.
The white-lace girl kept talking audibly to her next neighbor about the "country bumpkins" and "rustic belles" in the audience.
Anne was the victim of an overwhelming attack of stage fright.
Her knees trembled, her heart fluttered, a horrible faintness came over her.
When the concert was over, the stout, pink lady--who was the wife of an American millionaire--took her under her wing, and introduced her to everybody.
I just wish I was a rich American and could spend my summer at a hotel and wear jewels and low-necked dresses and have ice cream and chicken salad every blessed day.
"Did you see all the diamonds those ladies wore?" sighed Jane. "They were simply dazzling."
Look at that sea, girls--all silver and shadow and vision of things not seen. We couldn't enjoy its loveliness any more if we had millions of dollars and ropes of diamonds.
"I don't want to be anyone but myself, even if I go uncomforted by diamonds all my life," declared Anne.
I'm quite content to be Anne of Green Gables, with my string of pearl beads.
I just couldn't help thinking of the little girl you used to be, Anne.
I was wishing you could have stayed a little girl, even with all your queer ways.
You've grown up now and you're going away; and you look so tall and stylish and so--so--different altogether in that dress--as if you didn't belong in Avonlea at all-- and I just got lonesome thinking it all over.
At heart I shall always be your little Anne, who will love you and Matthew and dear Green Gables more and better every day of her life.
Matthew, with a suspicious moisture in his eyes, got up and went out-of-doors.
I wonder which of the girls here are going to be my friends.
"You've been crying," remarked Josie.
A wealthy manufacturer of New Brunswick had died and left part of his fortune to endow a large number of scholarships to be distributed among the various high schools and academies of the Maritime Provinces.
Anne worked hard and steadily.
Anne has as many shades as a rainbow and every shade is the prettiest while it lasts.
"It doesn't seem possible that the term is nearly over," said Anne. "Why, last fall it seemed so long to look forward to--a whole winter of studies and classes. And here we are, with the exams looming up next week."
Anne, with her elbows on the window sill, her soft cheek laid against her clasped hands, and her eyes filled with visions, looked out unheedingly across city roof and spire to that glorious dome of sunset sky and wove her dreams of a possible future from the golden tissue of youth's own optimism.
His father can't afford to send him to college next year.
Tom can't afford to go to college.
The news spread quickly through Avonlea.
When the calm night came softly down over Green Gables the old house was hushed and tranquil.
In the parlor lay Matthew Cuthbert in his coffin, his long gray hair framing his placid face on which there was a little kindly smile as if he but slept, dreaming pleasant dreams.
"Oh, Marilla, what will we do without him?" "We've got each other, Anne."
He looks a lot like his father did at the same age.
How sadly things had changed since she had sat there the night after coming home! Then she had been full of hope and joy and the future had looked rosy with promise.
Oh, Marilla, you don't mean to sell Green Gables!
I never thought I'd live to see the day when I'd have to sell my home.
Marilla broke down and wept bitterly.
"You mustn't sell Green Gables," said Anne resolutely.
When I left Queen's my future seemed to stretch out before me like a straight road. I thought I could see along it for many a milestone. Now there is a bend in it. I don't know what lies around the bend, but I'm going to believe that the best does.
I'm just as ambitious as ever. Only, I've changed the object of my ambitions.
"Nonsense!" Anne laughed merrily. "There is no sacrifice. Nothing could be worse than giving up Green Gables—nothing could hurt me more."
Bless my heart!
Anne ran down the clover slope like a deer, and disappeared in the firry shadows of the Haunted Wood.
"There's a good deal of the child about her yet in some ways." "There's a good deal more of the woman about her in others," retorted Marilla.
Anne went to the little Avonlea graveyard the next evening to put fresh flowers on Matthew's grave.
There was a freshness in the air as of a wind that had blown over honey-sweet fields of clover.
Beyond lay the sea, misty and purple, with its haunting, unceasing murmur.
"Dear old world," she murmured, "you are very lovely, and I am glad to be alive in you."
"I didn't think you and Gilbert Blythe were such good friends that you'd stand for half an hour at the gate talking to him," said Marilla with a dry smile.
Were we really there half an hour? It seemed just a few minutes.
The stars twinkled over the pointed firs in the hollow.
Anne's horizons had closed in since the night she had sat there after coming home from Queen's; but if the path set before her feet was to be narrow she knew that flowers of quiet happiness would bloom along it.
"God's in his heaven, all's right with the world," whispered Anne softly.
Please try to find affordable round trip tickets.
Tom knows change won't be easy.
We just have to keep doing what we're doing.
We should tell Tom that he needs to be more careful.
How much oil is spilled into the ocean every year?
I thought Tom was studying.
I wasn't planning to do that.
I sure wish I could sing as well as Tom.
How much honey do you need?
Tom knows he has to be patient.
We haven't yet been told what we need to do.
Tom used to play the guitar better than he does now.
How much longer do you plan to live in this house?
I thought Tom was swimming.
I wish they'd leave us alone.
I never would've allowed Tom to do that.
How much is it worth today?
Tom knows he's partly to blame.
This problem doesn't have a simple solution.
Tom told me he didn't actually want to go to Boston.
How many times have your suggestions been ignored?
Tom bought me a dictionary.
I wouldn't trust anyone else.
I might be able to convince Tom to sing.
How much space do you need?
Tom knows how to do everything.
There's no need for you to be here tomorrow.
Tom said he'd wash the dishes, so you don't have to.
How many gallons do you think this tank will hold?
Tom comes to school by car.
I wouldn't trust anyone here.
I know Tom is going to be there tonight.
How much will college cost?
Tom knows how to drive a truck.
Do you really think we have a chance to win?
Tom has been offered a job singing on a cruise ship.
How has marriage changed your perspective in life?
Tom didn't want Mary leave.
I'd rather not eat right now.
I didn't know that Tom didn't like Mary.
How old is the lead singer?
Tom knows how to play baseball.
You're not actually going to sing, are you?
Tom didn't tell us that he'd be in Boston this week.
How did we not know that this was going to happen?
Tom got there just in time.
I'm getting off the bus here.
How was Tom able to buy a car like that?
How would you have done it?
Tom knows what he's up against.
You should try to avoid eating greasy food.
Tom couldn't have passed that test without cheating.
How could you take that job without consulting me?
Tom handled that very well.
I'm going to study all night.
How many times has Tom done that to you?
How you did that was wrong.
Tom later died at the hospital.
Why would you do that if you don't have to?
Tom and I both came to Boston when we were children.
How could you get involved with a woman like that?
I don't really know if I can eat anything.
Tom needs something to eat.
You will answer truthfully, won't you?
Tom needs something to do.
Tom said he wanted something to eat.
I'm going out.
We felt betrayed.
Layla does whatever it takes to support her children.
Fadil was trying to find himself.
Fadil used drugs.
Fadil had no idea that he was being cheated on.
Fadil just couldn't resist.
Fadil had Layla strip naked.
This is the true story of Fadil Sadiq.
Cairo was the happiest place on earth for Fadil.
Fadil was a model student.
Layla turned into a voluptuous teenager.
Fadil was trying to find his father.
Dania went discovering boys.
Fadil dropped out of school.
Fadil may have fallen prey to Layla's trap.
Fadil needed to find a job to support his children.
Pretty girls like attention.
Layla worked as a stripper.
Layla attracted Fadil's attention.
Layla found herself drawn to Fadil.
Fadil was the more aggressive and assertive of the two twins.
Fadil had a rebellious spirit.
Fadil and Layla shared the same profession.
Fadil wanted to buy crack.
If you want to buy crack, go see Fadil.
The attraction was mutual.
Fadil and Layla would get together as much as they could.
Fadil wanted to spend more time with Layla.
Fadil called the police for help.
Fadil found another way to make money.
Fadil wasn't able to take care of Layla.
Fadil received a call from Layla.
Layla made it clear that she was willing to dance for money.
We'll be giving you a lot of money.
Fadil overheard both sides of the phone conversation.
Fadil went alone.
Layla understood that her boyfriend was potentially dangerous.
Fadil called his brother and they planned a robbery.
Fadil knew that a robbery was about to take place.
Fadil started dancing.
The guys were drinking.
Fadil did what he was instructed.
Fadil was the first one in the house.
Fadil was armed with an assault rifle.
Fadil carried a 9mm pistol.
Fadil was the one who set all this up.
Fadil fired a couple of rounds.
The bullets ricocheted, injuring Fadil.
This is much less than Fadil expected.
Fadil wanted the rest of the money.
Fadil wanted more money.
Fadil sent Layla to look for the money.
Fadil returned to the main room.
How far are you willing to take this?
Fadil decided to teach Layla a lesson.
Fadil took off, leaving Layla behind.
Fadil was at a party.
Five men were injured by richocheting bullets.
Fadil and Layla were both in shock.
Fadil and Layla set up a robbery.
Fadil endangered Layla's life.
Why would Fadil do something like that?
Fadil was involved in an incident where people were injured and killed.
Fadil was definitely afraid.
Fadil was forced to choose between love and self-preservation.
Fadil was a soulless ex-con.
The robbery that Fadil set up led to five men being shot.
Fadil had twenty entrance and exit wounds, yet he survived.
Fadil pawned the jewellery.
Fadil sacrificed his anonymity.
I think it was a stupid thing to do.
Fadil wasn't looking at what his actions were and what the consequences were going to be.
Fadil died in the robbery.
Fadil was involved in a robbery where two people died.
Police tracked Fadil down.
The interrogation went on for several hours.
Fadil didn't have the permission to do that.
Fadil lied to protect Layla.
Layla lied only to get more of Fadil's love.
Fadil changed his mind when he learned that he could face the death penalty.
Fadil is legally responsible for what he did.
Fadil confessed to setting up the robbery.
Fadil was arrested without incident.
Fadil sat in jail, awaiting trial.
Fadil received a number of letters from Layla.
You will never catch me.
Fadil still wanted to be part of Layla's life.
Fadil violated the terms of his release.
Fadil went back to prison.
Fadil was found guilty for one count of attempted murder.
Fadil is currently on death row.
I think Dania was in love with Fadil.
Is Fadil a threat to society?
When I first met Fadil, he was a wannabe-thugh teenager.
This really wasn't his lifestyle.
Fadil committed senseless acts in the name of love.
Layla fell for a man she was willing to do anything to hold on to.
Layla got married at twenty and had two children.
Layla walked out on her family.
Something must have been really wrong in that marriage.
This is what we see with Fadil.
Fadil didn't get very far.
Sami got a job working on a farm.
Fadil didn't have family there.
The job was so routine that it left the restless Fadil wanting more.
Fadil was new to the job.
Fadil was serving time at a prison in Cairo.
Fadil was reincarcerated for that.
Fadil worked for Dania.
Fadil has already made a new friend.
Fadil and Dania developed a romantic relationship.
I feel she's still in love with me.
Fadil's and Layla's encounters were limited to their workplace.
Fadil's request was granted.
That left Fadil wanting more.
Fadil and Layla became dependent on one another.
There is only one way Fadil and Layla can be together.
Layla has found a new man and she's determined not to let him go.
Fadil found what he was looking for.
Fadil and Layla had a fresh start.
This is how Fadil got to meet Layla.
Fadil wanted to see Layla.
Fadil took the bait.
Fadil and Layla hitched a ride to the motel.
I need money and I need you to help me.
Fadil tried to reason with the robbers.
Fadil asked for money to get out of town.
Fadil instantly became angry.
Fadil tied the cable to Layla's hands.
Fadil hunted around the house to find the money.
Fadil took Layla's car keys and left.
Fadil stole Layla's money and car.
Fadil had no destination in mind.
Fadil used Layla's credit card.
Layla bought cosmetics at every shopping mall she visited.
Ten days later, Fadil's body was found by a concerned neighbor.
Fadil sent Dania letters.
I think that it was Fadil who may have done this.
Fadil shot Layla and left her naked in the basement.
Fadil made it to Cairo.
Fadil didn't get far.
Fadil checked into a motel.
Fadil's accounts have been closed.
Fadil needed money bad.
Fadil knew he had nothing to lose.
Fadil was traveling alone.
Fadil financed Layla's escape.
Fadil pulled a knife on Layla.
Fadil wanted to start a new life.
Fadil was in the wrong place at the wrong time.
Sami went on another spending spree.
Sami survived on what little food and water his abductors gave him.
Fadil drove to the middle of nowhere.
Fadil used Layla's phone.
Fadil became enraged with Layla.
Fadil pulled Layla out of the trunk.
Fadil's nightmare didn't end there.
Fadil tried to dispose of the body.
Fadil was probably a Native American Indian.
Fadil wanted to control and manipulate Layla.
Fadil took his crime spree to a whole new level.
Fadil raped the woman.
Fadil placed the gun at Layla's head and then shot her.
Fadil hoped that the coyotes and other animals would dispose of Layla's body.
Fadil headed south to Sudan.
Fadil was reported missing when he didn't arrive home when he was supposed to.
Police tracked Fadil to Khalifa Hotel.
Fadil cooperated with the police.
Police spotted Fadil's car near the border.
If you do that, you can kiss any dream of a life together goodbye.
Fadil gave up the location of Dania's body.
Fadil's and Layla's stories don't match up.
Fadil and Layla committed those acts together.
It was Fadil who did all of those acts.
Fadil got involved in this horrific crime.
Fadil controlled and manipulated Layla.
Fadil was awaiting his court date.
It was discovered that Layla was pregnant.
Layla gave birth to her baby while she was in custody.
Fadil and Layla were tried separately for the murder of Rami Hasan.
Fadil and Layla displayed different behavior.
Fadil expressed no remorse about any of the horrific acts he had committed.
Fadil walked away from his kids.
Fadil walked away from his family.
Fadil saw the consequences of that.
Fadil and Layla have had no contact with each other since their arrest.
Fadil was given a second chance.
Fadil reentered Layla's life.
Layla dreamed about giving Fadil the ultimate gift.
Layla was a teenage temptress.
Fadil forced Layla to make a deadly decision.
Sami begged Layla not to shoot him.
I was surprised that a young person like that would get herself involved in such violence.
Fadil grew up in a single-parent home in Cairo.
Fadil really had no problems.
That job was handled by Fadil.
Fadil had utopian ideas as to how an ideal family life should be.
Fadil hastily married.
Layla wanted to be a wife and a mother.
Fadil's personality was very dominating and Layla just couldn't take it anymore.
Layla raised her two boys on her own.
Fadil worked odd jobs.
Fadil wanted to be with someone.
Layla wanted to find a husband.
Fadil was a long-time admirer of Layla.
Layla suspected that Fadil had a crush on her.
Sami and Layla started spending every day together.
Fadil was kind of reserved, not assertive at all.
Tom and Mary would get together as often as they could.
Tom and Mary would get together as much as they could.
Tom needs to find a job to support his children.
Tom suspected that Mary had a crush on him.
Tom pawned the jewelry that he had stolen.
Mary raised her three children on her own.
Tom wanted to spend more time with Mary.
Tom knew that Mary had a crush on him.
Mary wanted to be a wife and a mother.
Tom wasn't able to take care of Mary.
Tom did what he was instructed to do.
Tom was the one who set this all up.
Tom has been given a second chance.
Tom decided to teach Mary a lesson.
Tom has already made a new friend.
Tom was the first one here today.
Tom begged Mary not to shoot him.
I think Tom is in love with Mary.
Tom got a job working on a farm.
Tom and Mary were both in shock.
Tom attracted Mary's attention.
Tom was given a second chance.
Tom used Mary's credit card.
Tom sent Mary many letters.
Tom's request was granted.
Tom checked into a motel.
Tom wanted more money.
Tom used Mary's phone.
You must've seen Tom.
Tom worked odd jobs.
Are you sure you wanna play this game?
Fadil and Layla moved in together.
Fadil wanted Layla to have his baby.
The pressure was on for Layla to get pregnant.
Layla felt she needed to have a child in order to keep Fadil.
Fadil and Layla wasted little time to try.
Are you pregnant yet?
Dania felt the pressure.
Fadil approached Layla and told her what she had been dying to hear.
Layla was so determined to keep Fadil that she was ready to do anything for that.
Layla told Fadil she was expecting his baby.
Layla felt like she had to give Fadil a baby.
Fadil's excitement was short-lived.
Layla knew she couldn't have a child.
An opportunity presented itself.
Layla was baby-sitting Rania's two boys.
Layla was a sweet young girl.
Fadil lived in the same neighborhood as Layla.
Fadil wasted no time setting his devious plan in motion.
Fadil didn't have a big belly.
Fadil never had a child before.
Fadil just went along with whatever was happening at the time.
Don't forget that the clock is ticking.
Fadil started spending a lot of time with Layla. They were inseparable.
Fadil was so happy for Layla.
Fadil was committed to giving Layla what she wanted.
Layla's due date was approaching.
Layla wanted to give Fadil the baby he had always longed for.
Fadil bought a pizza and headed home.
Fadil waited patiently for the right moment.
Layla would do practically anything to please Fadil.
Fadil told Layla to get in the van.
Fadil was holding the gun.
You're wasting your time with Fadil.
In order to convince everyone that she was pregnant, Layla pretended that she had cravings.
Layla wanted to give Fadil the one thing he wanted most, a baby.
Fadil was downstairs, sound asleep.
Layla was a cold calculating brutal murderer.
Fadil was so determined at what he was doing.
Fadil shot Layla in the back of the head.
Fadil can't make a mistake.
Fadil was moving as quickly as he could.
Fadil realized that Layla was still alive.
Fadil basked in the glow of success.
The baby survived the delivery.
Fadil rushed to clean the bloody crime scene.
Fadil dragged the garbage can out of the house.
Fadil didn't believe his eyes.
Fadil was holding his baby.
Fadil did the right thing.
Fadil was happy to do anything for Layla.
Fadil never asked any questions about it.
Fadil didn't have any reason not to trust Layla.
Fadil really wanted to believe.
Fadil disposed of the evidence.
Fadil named his daughter Layla.
Fadil called the police and reported his child missing.
The last person Fadil saw his daughter with was Layla.
Has Fadil been to the hospital?
Sami produced paperwork that shows that he really had been to the hospital.
Layla has probably run off again.
The police got in touch with the health department.
The police realized that they needed to locate Fadil immediately.
Fadil lied in the bed and put the baby on his chest.
Fadil didn't want Layla to have a baby.
Fadil was OK with it in his mind.
Police had no way of connecting Fadil to the crime without a body.
Fadil was released on bail.
Fadil's body was discovered near Layla's house.
Fadil never admitted to kidnapping a child.
Fadil was arrested for kidnapping a minor.
A jury convicted Layla for twenty years in jail.
Fadil felt that he deserved to serve that sentence.
Layla desperately wanted to give Fadil a baby.
Layla is incapable of caring about anyone but herself.
Layla took extreme measures to give her man a child.
Fadil was still trying to cope with his father's suicide a year earlier.
Fadil hung out with the wrong people.
That led Fadil to look for another father figure.
Layla's relentless quest of love led her into the arms of a very violent man.
Fadil came out of a severe depression thanks to Layla.
Fadil had an inappropriate and illegal relationship with a young girl named Layla.
Fadil paid for Layla's schooling.
Fadil was also engaged to another woman.
Fadil was a man with a million dollar smile.
Fadil owned twenty million dollars.
Fadil used his money to romance Layla.
Fadil started dating Dania.
Fadil also played the role of being a father to Layla's kids.
Fadil and Layla got married.
Fadil and Layla moved to Cairo.
Fadil stayed in Cairo for about four months.
Fadil squeezed every penny out of Layla.
Fadil knew that if he needed something, he had just to make one phone call.
Fadil remained clueless about the affair.
Fadil was happy with Layla.
Fadil had no idea who Layla was seeing.
Fadil gave Layla an ultimatum.
Fadil left his wife and married Layla.
Fadil thought he could get the milk for free.
Fadil distanced himself from Layla.
Fadil was paying for the apartment.
I'm younger and stronger than you.
Fadil and Layla dated each othe for about a year.
The age difference between Fadil and Layla was about two years.
Fadil had several arrests for drug possession.
Fadil's renewed interest in Layla was no accident.
Fadil suggested to Layla that they move together.
Layla was just happy to have a man by her side.
Fadil and Layla spent the money together.
It didn't take long before Fadil found out.
Fadil felt like he was betrayed.
Fadil wasn't the only one.
When Fadil found out the truth, he was furious.
This cost Fadil his life.
Fadil was forced to make a choice.
Fadil and Layla had an illicit affair.
Fadil had an affair with his sister-in-law.
Fadil will have his money.
The plot was set into motion.
Fadil called Layla and asked her to come over his house.
Sami led Layla to the garage where Farid attacked her.
Fadil heard the commotion and came to see what was going on.
Fadil was carrying a lot of cash.
Fadil threatened Dania.
Layla was caught between her husband and her boyfriend.
Fadil was ordered to drive.
Fadil wanted to take some sort of revenge against Layla.
Layla wanted Fadil to marry her.
Fadil drove to a garage where he planned to empty the safe.
I don't have any money in the safe.
Whatever Fadil told Layla, she did it.
Fadil told Layla to hold the gun on Rami.
Fadil started to yell at Layla.
It's hard to imagine what was going through Fadil's head.
Fadil grasped the gun with both hands, closed his eyes, turned his head away, and shot at Layla.
Fadil was very disappointed in Layla.
Fadil was ordered to shoot.
Fadil made a deadly choice.
At Fadil's command, Layla shot.
Fadil decided to follow the commands of his superiors.
Fadil discovered the car with Layla's dead body inside.
Fadil found a dead body in the car.
Police responded to the scene.
Fadil was detained for questioning.
Fadil managed to get a cab to take him to Cairo.
Fadil told police what happened.
Fadil got kidnapped, too.
Fadil's story was highlighted in several newspapers.
Fadil paid Layla fifteen hundred dollars.
Fadil sold Layla out to the police.
Dania thought that Fadil wanted to protect her.
Fadil gave a full confession of what happened.
Do it, Fadil.
The police allowed Fadil to confront Dania.
Fadil broke down and confessed to everything.
Fadil was dealt one more cruel blow.
Fadil was already devastated.
Fadil's suffering increased when he found out about the affair.
Fadil felt a void in his life.
The jury showed no mercy.
Fadil offered Layla a chance for revenge.
Fadil betrayed one love for another.
Fadil felt some guilt and anger.
That led to the death of Fadil.
Layla got involved with a man who plays dirty.
Fadil will pay the ultimate price for doing this.
Fadil will be Dania's next victim.
Fadil saw bears in this area for as as long as he could remember.
Fadil's father was alcoholic.
Fadil had no home life whatsoever.
Fadil influenced Dania in a positive way.
Fadil felt neglected and abandoned.
Fadil left home a year later.
Fadil met a girl who worked as an exotic dancer.
Dania went to school to be a certified nurse.
Fadil wanted to find a way to fix his money problems.
Fadil followed his friend's advice.
Fadil did very well financially.
Sami dropped out of school to focus full-time on making money at the club.
Fadil took care of his daughter.
Fadil relied heavily on other family members to assist him.
Fadil was a neglectful father.
Fadil and Layla exchanged their numbers.
Fadil and Dania exchanged their numbers that same night.
Fadil and Dania started a relationship.
Fadil was involved in the drug trade.
It was almost too much to resist.
Fadil took care of Layla financially.
Fadil's criminal lifestyle, for Layla, didn't even matter.
Dania started working at a strip club.
I'm your daddy now.
This is what Layla wanted.
Fadil took care of Layla.
Fadil was a control freak.
Fadil controlled the drug trade in the area.
Fadil needed the affection of a father.
Dania didn't know what a healthy relationship was.
Despite Fadil's abusive behavior, Layla stayed in the relationship.
Fadil knew a drug dealer by the name of Rami.
Fadil became very irate.
Fadil was ready to do something extreme to make Layla pay for what she had done to him.
Fadil took Dania's money.
Fadil asked Dania to commit a crime.
Don't give me that gun. I don't want to do this.
Fadil had the same mindframe at that time as Dania.
Dania continued to follow Fadil's lead.
Fadil doesn't live alone. He has a family.
Fadil wasn't inside the house.
Fadil kept his gun aimed at Dania's family.
Layla's motherly instincts kicked in.
Fadil wanted to steal Dania's money.
Fadil demanded that Dania give him the money.
Fadil was searching for the drugs and money.
A struggle ensued between Fadil and Rami.
Fadil managed to shoot Rami once in the back.
Fadil fell to the ground.
Fadil and Dania were ready to do anything to fortify their relationship.
Fadil managed to get away.
Fadil knew that the police were going to be on the way.
Fadil spotted something out of the corner of his eye.
Fadil slammed on the brakes.
Fadil asked Dania to stop.
Fadil executed one of the hostages.
Get in the car quick.
Dania witnessed Fadil killing two people.
Fadil fled the scene.
It's all your fault, Fadil.
Fadil thinks he can use me.
Fadil just does what he wants with me.
Do you know how much I really wanted to see Fadil?
Where did Fadil want to take you?
I think her name is Dania.
Fadil lost his mother and father when he was just little.
Fadil told her to leave.
I still remember Fadil's eyes.
Fadil is back.
I will tell Fadil that you're with me.
Fadil is back now.
Fadil is thinking about it.
You don't seem to know Fadil.
You don't know who Fadil is.
Don't defend Fadil.
You know what Fadil is capable of.
I think you know Fadil much better than me.
I pity myself because I keep worrying about Fadil.
Fadil thinks he's so strong and so professional.
Did you convince Fadil?
Did you manage to convince Fadil?
Unfortunately, Fadil doesn't have a final say on this.
Fadil sells building materials.
I was just talking to Fadil.
Fadil invited me to have a drink.
Fadil is going to kill me.
Fadil said it was a joke.
I saw Fadil there with that other woman.
Fadil is in love with someone else.
Fadil wants to marry another woman.
Fadil wants me to fail.
I wanted to show Fadil where the parking lot was.
Tom is back now.
Tom felt neglected.
Tom doesn't live alone.
Tom managed to get away.
I think her name is Mary.
It's all your fault, Tom.
Tom started to yell at Mary.
Tom wasn't inside the house.
Has Tom been to the hospital?
I think that boy's name is Tom.
Tom's father was an alcoholic.
Tom and Mary exchanged numbers.
Where did Tom want to take you?
Tom didn't want Mary to do that.
Tom told Mary to get in the car.
Tom tried to steal Mary's money.
I think that girl's name is Mary.
Tom has probably done that again.
Did Tom take Mary to the hospital?
Tom and Mary have moved to Boston.
You don't know who Tom is, do you?
Tom bought a pizza and headed home.
Tom felt like he'd been betrayed.
Tom hung out with the wrong people.
Tom paid for Mary's French lessons.
Tom took money out of Mary's purse.
Tom had no idea who Mary was dating.
Tom had no idea who Mary was seeing.
Tom was happy to do anything for Mary.
Tom never asked any questions about it.
Tom had no idea who Mary was married to.
The police found a dead body in Tom's car.
Tom lives in the same neighborhood as Mary.
Tom stayed in Boston for about three months.
Tom's body was discovered near Mary's house.
You don't know how much I wanted to do that.
Tom didn't have any reason not to trust Mary.
Do you know how much I really wanted to do that?
Do you know how much I really wanted to see Tom?
Tom was carrying a lot of cash when he got mugged.
Tom wasn't the only one who knew where Mary lived.
Tom really wanted to believe that Mary was innocent.
Tom called the police to report that Mary was missing.
Tom started dating Mary when they were in high school.
I suppose Fadil gets the minimum wage.
Fadil did nothing.
What if Fadil sees me?
I'll tell you, between ourselves, Fadil is in love with Dania.
Dania, go call Fadil.
Fadil has returned to the construction site to finish all the job there.
Fadil stayed out all day.
What does this have to do with what I was saying about Fadil?
I'm more concerned about how Fadil is.
Fadil's house has a back garden.
Fadil chopped down the tree.
Fadil acted like he was possessed by an inner devil.
Fadil said that to me before.
Fadil can't solve his problems alone.
I don't know this Fadil. It doesn't ring a bell.
I wish Fadil could stay here all week.
Fadil didn't do anything bad.
She came for my help when Fadil dumped her.
Fadil is cooking.
I want Fadil to be happy.
Fadil fell hard for a duplicitous married woman.
Fadil grow up in the prairie state of Illinois.
Fadil never thought Layla would take it this far.
Fadil wasn't able to work.
Fadil spent some time in jail.
There was no love in Fadil's home.
Fadil still has one person he can always count on.
Fadil had learning disabilities.
Fadil and Layla took life by the horns.
By the time he's 20, Fadil is tired of taking care of his family.
Fadil is married to a woman called Dania.
Sami became involved with Layla.
Fadil finds Dania beautiful.
Fadil was the first man to ever pay attention to Layla.
Dania realized that Fadil had a mistress.
Fadil became a very abusive person.
Despite the abuse, Dania chose to stay with Fadil.
Fadil took complete control of Layla's life.
Fadil came to take his paycheck.
Fadil's twin sister, Dania, has never known a life without him.
Fadil wanted to help his twin sister, Dania.
Fadil wanted to take care of his twin sister, Dania.
Every penny Dania makes goes right into Fadil's pocket.
I consider Fadil a pimp.
In the first year of her relationship with Fadil, Dania became pregnant.
Fadil was grossly abusive.
Dania saw the dark side of Fadil.
Fadil will discover a dark side of his own.
Fadil decided to do whatever he had to do to get rid of Dania.
Dania was in an abusive relationship with Fadil.
Fadil would hit his children.
Fadil was a controlling and abusive husband.
Fadil was king in his castle.
Fadil moved back in with his parents.
Fadil resorted to a desperate measure.
Fadil kidnapped Dania's dog.
Fadil tried to strangle the dog.
Fadil shot Dania's dog.
Fadil put the gun down.
Fadil always used his heartless scare tactics to control Dania.
Fadil said that he was going to kill the dog.
Fadil had control over Dania.
Dania begged Fadil not to kill the dog.
Fadil disobeyed and disrespected his father.
Nothing can stop Fadil from executing his murderous plan.
The daily life of these people is unbelievable.
Who are you talking to? Me?
There are hundreds of thousands of women in jail at any given time in the United States.
Dania was a manipulative woman.
Dania had to cope with years of abuse and infidelity.
Fadil paid an early morning visit to Dania.
Fadil stashed the weapons in the car.
Fadil drove to Dania's home.
Fadil used darkness and quietness to slowly sneak into Layla's garden.
Fadil crept up to Layla's house.
Fadil was working a night shift.
Fadil took his children to a back room.
Fadil handed Dania a gun.
Are you sure you want to play this game?
Fadil was gagged and on his knees.
Layla placed her loyalty in the hands of a person she shouldn't have.
Fadil and Layla had a destructive relationship that ended up in their death.
Fadil was determined to make Dania pay.
Fadil took Dania's family hostage.
Dania begged Fadil for mercy.
Fadil was tired of his mother-in-law coming in between he and Dania.
Fadil ordered Dania to kill the dog.
Fadil was in fear for his life.
Fadil refused to shoot the dog.
For the first time in their chaotic marriage, Dania said no to Fadil.
Fadil was in shock and disbelief.
Fadil killed Dania in cold blood.
Dania still had her man.
Fadil was notified at work about the murder of his wife, Dania.
Fadil was the only one cruel enough to kill the dog.
Fadil was a master abuser.
Fadil told police everything.
Sami turned himself in.
Fadil didn't want to be an accomplice to the murder.
It was game over for Fadil.
Fadil was convicted of first degree murder.
Fadil met the same fate.
Fadil and Layla were sentenced to death.
They were both sentenced to death.
Fadil realized it was time to turn his life around.
Fadil was given ten years for his involvement as a co-conspirator.
There are a lot of people who find themselves in such a situation for various reasons.
Fadil was a smooth-talking charmer.
Fadil wanted to make a huge sacrifice for Dania.
Fadil met a charming girl named Dania.
Layla thought her days of abuse were over.
Fadil said he needed money.
Fadil wanted to forget Dania.
Fadil commited a heinous crime in the name of love.
Fadil wasn't a very shy boy.
Fadil's mother characterized him as a good boy.
Fadil came from a very large family.
Fadil's life turned upside down one fall day.
Fadil was instantly taken by Layla's charismatic personality.
Fadil's personality seemed to hypnotize Dania.
Fadil asked Dania to live with him in the house he shared with his grandmother.
Fadil's job kept him removed from the outside world.
The dress was worth its weight of gold.
Fadil received a court summons.
Fadil revealed to Marwa a shocking truth.
Fadil was accused of sexual assault.
It was well known in the neighborhood that Fadil's mother was a prostitute.
Fadil went to court the following week.
It'd be the normal thing to do for Fadil.
Fadil was nowhere to be found.
Fadil showed up the next morning.
Fadil got a surprise visit.
Fadil was riding a bicycle through the alley.
Fadil came to visit Dania.
Fadil's mother was single.
Fadil was nice to Sofia and Dania.
Fadil used an alias.
Fadil was reported missing.
Fadil immediately picked up Layla's snapshot from the line-up.
Did Fadil do something wrong?
Fadil openly talked about it.
Fadil promised to talk about that at a later date.
Fadil went back to pick up something valuable he left behind.
No one could imagine what Sami was capable of.
Fadil stood by his wife, Layla.
Fadil is on the run.
Fadil stole a car.
Fadil was about to leave town.
Fadil asked Dania to come with him.
Fadil wanted to escape capture.
Fadil wanted to continue to love Dania.
Fadil tried to keep one step ahead of the law.
Fadil headed south.
Fadil wanted to be with Dania.
Fadil stole a car in Cairo.
Fadil saw Dania walking alone.
I have some clothes for you.
Fadil approached Dania and greeted her.
Fadil brought some clothes for Dania.
Fadil sexually assaulted a forteen-year-old girl.
Fadil forced Dania to perform unspeakable acts on him.
Fadil savagely assaulted a nine-year-old girl.
Fadil has crossed an unforgivable line.
Fadil held a gun to Dania's head.
Fadil really loves Dania.
Fadil survived the brutal assault.
Miraculously, Fadil survived the vicious assault.
Fadil was desperate to stay one step ahead of the law.
Fadil was looking for a vehicle to steal to get him out of the city.
Fadil befriended Dania under the guise of wanting to be closer to God.
Fadil took control of the wheel.
Fadil became addicted to that horrific behavior.
Fadil became gruesome and violent.
Fadil dumped Dania's lifeless body in a lake.
Fadil killed several people.
Fadil was involved in those rapes and murders.
Fadil's devastating fate finally came to light.
The cause of death was strangulation.
Police found Fadil's fingerprints on Dania's body.
Fadil could have gotten away at any time he wanted to, but he didn't.
Fadil didn't mean to shoot someone.
Fadil was afraid of what was going to happen to him and his family.
Fadil knew how to spot vulnerable women.
Fadil took advantage of Dania.
Fadil was all in.
Fadil played a very special role.
Fadil welcomed Layla inside.
Fadil lived in a trailer.
Fadil was very excited for having a potential buyer.
Fadil continued to unleash his rage on Layla.
Fadil was addicted to murder.
Fadil picked up a candlestick and hit Dania to death.
Fadil got off the train.
Fadil lived just miles south of Cairo.
Fadil went back to Cairo.
Fadil was crossing the street.
Fadil recognized Dania and called the police.
Police spotted Fadil in a nearby park.
Fadil put up no resistance.
Fadil's arrest brought an end to his reign of terror.
Fadil killed eight different people.
Fadil had absolutely no history of violence.
Fadil became a serial killer with absolutely no remorse.
Fadil will be sentenced to death.
Fadil was sentenced to death for the murder of Dania.
Fadil was sentenced to death for the killing of a young girl.
Fadil and Layla turned on one another.
Fadil wanted to make sure that nothing bad happened to Layla.
Fadil was convincted and sentenced to death.
After serving seventeen years in prison, Fadil was put to death for his crimes.
Fadil took his devotion to the extreme.
Fadil grew up poor in the worst part of the city.
Fadil is gonna hit me.
Fadil knows it's only a matter of time.
Fadil jumped into action.
Fadil told me nothing.
Fadil still loves Dania.
Fadil was simply covering his own tracks.
Fadil woke up early in the morning.
It was a pure shock for Fadil.
How is Fadil going to deal with such a situation?
Fadil is on his own.
Fadil hired a private detective.
Police were pounding on the door.
Fadil is missing.
Fadil was pissed off.
Fadil prostituted Layla to get money for drugs.
Fadil started blaming himself for being manipulated in this way.
Police came looking for Fadil.
Fadil lived here.
Fadil didn't see Dania.
Police was armed with a search warrant.
Sami was sitting in an attic corner.
Police took Fadil away for questioning.
Fadil asked Dania to rob for him.
Fadil beat Dania again.
Fadil went to Dania's home.
Fadil admitted to giving Dania a gun.
Fadil was arrested and convicted of a weapon-related violation.
Fadil served two years in jail.
Fadil tried to help Dania get money.
Fadil knows that all too well.
Fadil faced a jury for his crimes.
Fadil was remorseful for his crimes.
Fadil expressed sorrow.
Fadil was convicted of one count of murder.
Fadil was resentenced to years in jail.
Fadil was so young.
Fadil has changed from the naive kid who was abused at school to a dangerous criminal.
Dania chose to stay in that abusive relationship.
That was Fadil's first call.
Fadil was the perfect family man.
Fadil's double life surfaced.
Dania would do everything for her man.
Fadil was paying the consequences for it.
Fadil graduated from high school in Cairo.
Fadil went to college.
Fadil opened a fast-food restaurant.
Fadil encouraged Dania to go to college.
Fadil introduced Dania to Rami.
Fadil was quite a ladies' man.
Fadil had that bad boy persona.
Dania was hooked.
Fadil saw the relationship more as an obsession than a romance.
Fadil has good reason to worry.
Fadil has many skeletons in his closet, including a 5-year prison sentence for robbery.
Fadil barely recognized Dania.
This is where Fadil wanted to live.
Fadil convinced Dania to move to Cairo with him.
Fadil was looking around for a job.
Fadil lived on Sadiq street.
Fadil had a reputation for violence.
Fadil had second thoughts.
Dania decided to stick with Fadil anyway.
Fadil moved to Cairo with his first real girlfriend, Dania.
Fadil said the right things all the time.
Dania's first crime was falling in love with that criminal.
Fadil was intoxicated.
Fadil was totally sober.
Fadil and Dania spent the next days lounging around the house.
Fadil was ready to get back to business.
Fadil was getting agitated.
Fadil was getting increasingly angry.
The situation in the home got more tense by the minute.
Fadil was out of his element.
Fadil wasn't feeling secure.
Fadil was known for his use of drugs.
Fadil left Dania behind.
Fadil had hesitations about that.
Fadil had no idea what was happening.
Fadil and Dania were arguing loudly.
Nothing could prepare Fadil for what happened next.
No one explained what Fadil was doing there.
Fadil started to hear horrifying sounds coming from his room.
Fadil doesn't know how Dania came to be there.
Dania was being raped.
The crime was exceptionally cruel.
Fadil yelled at Dania to keep quiet.
Fadil watched the crime obediently.
Fadil could have called the police.
Fadil came back to finish the attack on Dania.
Fadil was very clearly battered.
Fadil was unconscious at that point.
Fadil was in a situation where he knew what was right and wrong.
Fadil covered for his wife's secret life of crime.
Fadil doesn't hesitate to kill for money.
Fadil figured out that his wife was cheating on him.
Fadil was cheating on Dania.
Fadil checked Dania's pulse to see whether she was alive or not.
Fadil watched as Dania tried to hide Sofia's body.
Fadil tried to hide Dania's body.
Fadil stuffed Dania's body into a trash can.
Fadil wasn't upset with Dania for what she did.
Fadil's body was in the garbage.
Fadil left the house.
Fadil and Dania talked about the weather.
It was one hell of an adventure.
Dania wanted to be Fadil's woman.
Fadil loved Dania unconditionally.
Fadil was shocked when he learned there were two more victims.
Dania was raped and tortured.
Tom has a niece named Mary.
I'm hoping that won't happen.
How long will it be until Tom gets here?
How am I different from you?
Tom later died from his injury.
Why haven't we heard about this before now?
I'm sure Tom will think we shouldn't sell our house.
How could something like that have gone unnoticed?
Tom has to work on Sundays.
I'm pleased with this result.
How long have Tom and Mary been arguing?
How are you doing in school?
Tom left his gloves in the car.
What's the name of the hotel you stayed at?
I wasn't the one who sang at Tom and Mary's wedding.
How come we're talking about me and not about you?
Tom is sorry he got caught.
I've probably made a mistake.
How long do you expect Tom to stay here?
How big of a problem was it?
Tom lets me do whatever I want.
Were you the one who painted this picture?
I haven't had a boyfriend since I broke up with Tom.
How can you be certain you haven't made a mistake?
Tom might not want to sing.
I can't do anything by myself.
How do you know Tom and Mary were drunk?
How can I improve my memory?
Tom likes going to the library.
We'll try to get there as soon as possible.
I didn't know that Tom couldn't speak French at all.
How can we reduce the number of highway accidents?
Tom said he'd look into it.
I can't wait till next Monday.
How did you like the stew that Tom made?
How can I make some changes?
Tom likes his eggs hard-boiled.
We sometimes invite friends over to dinner.
How much are we going to have to pay Tom to do that?
How can something so simple become so complicated?
Give me a shout.
If you're having trouble, please give me a shout.
Just shout if you need help.
Tom knows it's only a matter of time until the police catch him.
Were you able to convince Tom to help you wash your car?
I drink wine.
Tom spent some time in jail when he was in his thirties.
I drive fast.
I wanted to show Tom how to do what needed to be done.
I eat slowly.
The police found Tom's fingerprints in Mary's house.
I enjoy that.
Tom stole a car in Boston and drove it to Chicago.
I fix things.
Tom still has one person he can always count on.
I know a lot.
Tom and Mary have both been sentenced to death.
I like games.
Tom won't be able to solve his problems alone.
I love money.
Tom could've called the police, but he didn't.
I play rugby.
Tom realized that Mary didn't like him much.
I sell fruit.
Tom convinced Mary to go to Boston with him.
I sing tenor.
I think you know Tom much better than I do.
I speak fast.
Did you manage to convince Tom to help you?
I study hard.
Tom and Mary were both sentenced to death.
I teach yoga.
Tom said he was going to kill Mary's dog.
I wear a wig.
Tom graduated from high school in Boston.
I wore a hat.
The general ordered Tom to kill his dog.
I'll be next.
You know what Tom is capable of, right?
I'll be safe.
Tom rode his bicycle through the alley.
I'll come by.
Tom met a girl named Mary last weekend.
I'm a banker.
Tom lived thirty miles south of Boston.
I'm a busboy.
Tom lived here with us for three years.
I'm a cowboy.
Tom asked me where the parking lot was.
I'm a dancer.
Tom and Mary talked about the weather.
I'm a father.
Tom is still someone we can count on.
I'm a hermit.
Tom encouraged Mary to go to college.
I'm a hunter.
I wish Tom could stay here all week.
I'm a junior.
Tom wanted to help Mary find a job.
I'm a member.
I saw Tom there with another woman.
I'm a potter.
Tom tried to help Mary find a job.
I'm a senior.
I'm a singer.
Tom is in love with someone else.
I'm a smoker.
Tom bought some clothes for Mary.
I'm a surfer.
Tom didn't mean to shoot anyone.
I'm a waiter.
This is where Tom wants to live.
I'm a writer.
Tom begged Mary not to do that.
I'm an actor.
Tom wasn't able to work today.
I'm anorexic.
Tom held a gun to Mary's head.
I'm autistic.
Tom refused to shoot the dog.
I'm barefoot.
I wish Tom could stay longer.
I'm diabetic.
Tom told Mary to keep quiet.
I'm doubtful.
Tom said that to me before.
I'm educated.
Tom was looking for a job.
I'm grieving.
Tom wanted to forget Mary.
I'm hesitant.
Tom handed Mary his knife.
I'm hurt bad.
Tom chopped down the tree.
I'm literate.
Tom said he needed money.
I'm no angel.
Tom drove to Mary's home.
I'm no dummy.
Tom said it was a joke.
I'm painting.
Tom lived in a trailer.
I'm relieved.
Tom came to visit Mary.
I'm shopping.
Tom really loves Mary.
I'm still up.
Tom handed Mary a gun.
I'm studying.
Tom put the gun down.
I'm sweating.
Tom is on the run.
I'm thirteen.
Tom stole a car.
I'm tolerant.
I'm still awake.
Tom allows me do whatever I want.
I shot a bear.
I often borrow books from Tom.
I sell coffee.
I don't want to look like Tom.
I say it's OK.
Do you think Tom was murdered?
I saw the cat.
Tom said that I was reckless.
I saw the bus.
Tom said that I looked awful.
I saw a snake.
I'll speak to Tom about that.
I saw a mouse.
I often visit Tom on Mondays.
I quit school.
I can't paint as well as Tom.
I play hockey.
Tom says I'm too aggressive.
I paid for it.
Tom asked me to come inside.
I nodded once.
I'm sure Tom will miss Mary.
I nodded back.
I really feel sorry for Tom.
I never cheat.
I never told Tom what to do.
I needed work.
I never told Tom to do that.
I needed time.
I always wanted to help Tom.
I needed rest.
I always looked out for Tom.
I needed hope.
Tom told me to come closer.
I needed food.
Tom says that I'm annoying.
I needed cash.
Tom says that I'm a grouch.
I need to pay.
Tom said that I look tired.
I need to eat.
Tom said that I look bored.
I need a taxi.
I thought Tom already knew.
I need a rest.
I pressured Tom to do that.
I need a coat.
I've already thanked Tom.
I might faint.
I walked past Tom's house.
I may testify.
I might go there with Tom.
I may be late.
I hope Tom won't be there.
I may be back.
I found Tom in the garden.
I made a wish.
Tom says I have charisma.
I made a fist.
Tom said I sounded upset.
I made a face.
Tom said I sounded happy.
I made a copy.
Tom said I sounded angry.
I love trains.
I impressed Tom, I think.
I love soccer.
I always do that for Tom.
I love skiing.
Tom thinks I'm romantic.
I love hockey.
Tom says I eat too much.
I lived alone.
Tom said I was too loud.
I lit a match.
Tom said I looked young.
I like soccer.
Tom said I looked upset.
I like reggae.
Tom said I looked tense.
I like ponies.
Tom said I looked angry.
I like it hot.
I never was mean to Tom.
I like hockey.
I hear Tom has resigned.
I like cheese.
I can't help loving Tom.
I like Boston.
I always encouraged Tom.
I left a note.
Tom says I'm obstinate.
I led the way.
Tom says I'm obnoxious.
I leaned back.
Tom says I'm conceited.
I know Boston.
I think I inspired Tom.
I kept silent.
I joined Tom for lunch.
I jumped bail.
I compromised with Tom.
I jumped back.
I stayed close to Tom.
I hurt myself.
I said goodbye to Tom.
I hated lying.
I nodded at Tom again.
I hate sports.
I left a note for Tom.
I hate onions.
I had to wait for Tom.
I had to wait.
I gave Tom a nice pen.
I got up late.
I already thanked Tom.
I got the job.
Tom says I'm strange.
I got injured.
Tom says I'm a prude.
I got in line.
I smiled back at Tom.
I got furious.
I never wrote to Tom.
I got excited.
I guess Tom is tired.
I got engaged.
Tom says I'm stingy.
Tom said I was ugly.
I got changed.
I was unkind to Tom.
I got a puppy.
I was unfair to Tom.
I fired first.
I was polite to Tom.
I expected it.
I never yell at Tom.
I drove a van.
Tom says I'm a bum.
I drive a BMW.
I never lie to Tom.
I drink a lot.
I called Tom back.
I drank a lot.
I'm Tom's mentor.
I didn't wait.
I hung up on Tom.
I didn't quit.
I can't hurt Tom.
I didn't pass.
I'm Tom's rival.
I didn't fall.
I'm Tom's guest.
I denied that.
I winked at Tom.
I cried again.
I surprised Tom.
I could do it.
I stared at Tom.
I cough a lot.
I smiled at Tom.
I can't paint.
I sent Tom that.
I believed it.
I only told Tom.
I became calm.
I nodded to Tom.
I baked bread.
I like Tom, too.
I baked a pie.
I gave Tom that.
I backed away.
I gave Tom $300.
I approved it.
I disobeyed Tom.
I added water.
I called Tom in.
I acted alone.
I told Tom why.
I've escaped.
I swore at Tom.
I've done OK.
I stuck by Tom.
I'm well off.
I sang for Tom.
I'm watching.
I insulted Tom.
I'm unafraid.
I hit Tom back.
I'm troubled.
I deceived Tom.
I'm too weak.
I cook for Tom.
I'm too thin.
I betrayed Tom.
I'm too slow.
I'm too late.
I dislike Tom.
Tom said he'd wait and see.
I can't wait to do that again.
How could Tom possibly know what we did?
How can life get any better?
Tom likes talking about Boston.
We might not have enough time to eat lunch.
How long do you think it'll be before Tom gets here?
How am I going to get this done without your help?
Tom told Mary to help John.
I did some cleaning yesterday.
Have you ever heard Tom sing folk songs?
How can people be so stupid?
Tom likes talking about sports.
This is the only way I know how to do this.
How do you know Tom didn't eat before you got there?
How many liters do you think this tank will hold?
Tom wanted Mary to do that.
I don't feel like singing now.
Do you honestly think Tom would do that?
How could I have known that?
Fadil was acting like a child.
Fadil wanted to control everybody.
Fadil is a self-centered idiot that wants to control everybody.
I used to feel the same way.
Get that thing away from me!
Dinner will be ready in minutes.
It’s getting dark. Come back inside.
Tom has bigger hands than me.
Do another five and you'll have finished.
These pills have no side effects.
This app will help you improve your English level.
ESL stands for English as a Second Language.
My life is pretty nice, and I intend to make sure it stays that way.
Fine, thanks!
Guests came to us.
Welcome, dear guests!
Tom was acting like a child.
We lost the game because we were overconfident.
Rome had several mad emperors.
I don't care what you think anymore.
There is no way we will get there in time.
There's no way I'll get there in time.
Tom threw a pie in Mary's face.
There was a storm last night.
Why do you guys always fight?
Eat food. Not too much. Mostly plants.
She was becoming impatient.
I don't know how to use quotation marks.
There's no way we'll get there in time.
Tom was becoming impatient.
Tom is becoming impatient.
I became impatient.
Tom is always impatient.
Are you easily frustrated?
Who threw a pie at Tom?
New levels were added to the game.
Tom likes to attract attention.
These are the lowest prices I've ever seen.
How did Tom talk Mary into babysitting his children?
How long do you think the negotiations will take?
Tom wanted Mary to go home.
I don't want to study tonight.
We're lucky to have Tom working for us.
How could this happen to us?
Tom likes to go to the library.
There are some people singing in the lobby.
How could I not agree to do what Tom asked me to do?
How long did it take for the ambulance to arrive?
Tom wanted a higher salary.
I have to go home early today.
We should give Tom a chance to do that.
How did that thing get here?
Tom likes to talk about Boston.
My parents would never allow me to do that.
Why didn't you tell me you'd already told Tom that?
How has advertising changed since you were a kid?
Tom wanted to be like Mary.
I hope they're going to be OK.
Tom says he's forgotten how to do that.
How did the police find out?
Tom likes to talk about sports.
It's something that bothers me quite a bit.
We waited all afternoon for Tom, but he never came.
How do you think your friends would describe you?
Tom wants to be the winner.
I hope you'll come back again.
Tom says he feels like he belongs here.
How did the rain affect you?
Tom listens to classical music.
Are you still interested in working for us?
We need to make sure that Tom doesn't hurt himself.
How do you know Tom didn't do what he says he did?
Tom was probably impressed.
I lived in Boston for a while.
Tom says he already knows how to drive.
How did you all decide that?
Tom lived on his own for years.
You don't really plan to buy that, do you?
Tom walked out on to the stage and started singing.
How did you know I was going to ask you for that?
Tom will be here on Monday.
I talked to all three of them.
Tom really didn't want to work all day.
How did you do that so fast?
Tom lives at home with his mom.
Would you be willing to help me on Monday?
Tom told me that I shouldn't go out at night alone.
How could I not be grateful for this opportunity?
Tom will do that, I'm sure.
I think they scared you a bit.
Tom promised he wouldn't smoke anymore.
How did you feel about that?
Tom lives just across the road.
Where did you learn how to sing the blues?
Tom told me that I shouldn't go out alone at night.
How can you tell who's innocent and who's guilty?
War is the continuation of politics by other means.
What did you like best on the trip?
What part of your trip did you like best?
Tom got more presents than Mary.
You should ask Tom to sing.
I think this is a great place.
Tom opened the Bible and began reading.
How did you get into comedy?
Tom looked like he always does.
What kind of people do you get along with?
Tom said he wanted us to be here by 2:on Monday.
How are we going to get enough food for everyone?
How could it be Tom's fault?
I'd rather not sing right now.
Tom may have done what you said he did.
How do we proceed from here?
Tom makes a living as a writer.
We're getting busier and busier every day.
Tom knew he couldn't do what Mary wanted him to do.
How would you like to go fishing this afternoon?
How did Tom get you to sing?
I'll find some way to do that.
Tom knew he couldn't outrun the wolves.
How do you cope with stress?
Tom makes good use of his time.
We're all healthy, and we're really happy.
Tom is more dangerous than we first thought he was.
How old were you when you began to study French?
How did Tom know what to do?
I'll find some way to do this.
Tom isn't the only one who can do that.
How do you know that's true?
Tom married a fellow immigrant.
We talked about that just the other night.
Tom is free to spend his money any way he wants to.
How often does that happen at this time of year?
How do you know Tom is safe?
I'm going to practice driving.
Tom has promised he'll be here by 2:30.
How do you know what to buy?
Tom married a very pretty girl.
We need to find out what needs to be done.
Tom hadn't planned on going back to Boston so soon.
How much time do you spend reading just for fun?
How exactly did Tom do that?
I'm sure they're all gone now.
Tom has owned that car for three years.
How exactly did this happen?
Tom may need a hip replacement.
We haven't done that since we left Boston.
Tom doesn't have enough money to buy what he needs.
How many years have you been playing the guitar?
How long was Tom here today?
I can't believe you're engaged.
Tom filled the bathtub with warm water.
How exactly did you do that?
Tom may not get another chance.
We have no choice but to trust each other.
There's a very good chance it was Tom who did that.
How many teachers does this university employ?
I didn't give Tom any money.
I don't like to think about it.
Tom doesn't have to leave now, does he?
How far away is the library?
Tom must be out of money again.
We couldn't do that without a lot of help.
Please tell Tom that I don't want to see him again.
How many glasses of wine do you drink every day?
I didn't see Tom doing that.
I gave up exercising years ago.
Tom didn't want to do that, but he did.
How hot is it where you are?
Tom must've been a good person.
There haven't been any accidents recently.
I have torn everyone who reached out for me.
I tried to feign indifference.
She tried to feign indifference.
Fist bump.
Tom knocked his knuckles against Mary's.
Tom gave Mary a fist bump.
They gave each other a fist bump.
They make a wilderness, and they call it peace.
It was weird at first.
All the public schools were closed.
Tom is a malignant narcissist.
Tom suffers from narcissistic personality disorder.
I'm years old and what is this?
You will go home and stay there.
Tonight a comet will be visible.
No one will do this.
Why is no one here?
No one will be at home.
Go home and stay there.
You gave me an extra coin.
You've given me too much change.
Tom is married to a very pretty girl.
Tom is married to a very beautiful woman.
Tom is acting as if nothing had happened.
Tom is acting as though nothing had happened.
Tom is acting as if nothing has happened.
Tom is acting as though nothing has happened.
Tom put the project on the long finger.
Tom is fluent in three languages.
The British relied on sea power.
The cavalry is in position.
Tom tried to break the ice.
Mary is fluent in five languages.
Southern senators blocked anti-lynching legislation through the 1930s.
The last mass lynching in America occured in 1946.
Tom fought his way through the crowd.
Tom watched from the sidelines.
Tom was forced to watch from the sidelines.
Tom stumbled and fell flat on his face.
Tom did a handstand and his shirt fell over his face.
That's the silliest thing I've ever heard.
I'm glad I wasn't the one who had to tell Tom that.
How long treatment takes depends on the patient.
I have no authority to do that.
Tom didn't need to do that, but he did.
How is that going to happen?
Tom nearly killed both of them.
It's going to be very tough to leave here.
I wonder if Tom still remembers where we first met.
How long does it take to get to the zoo by taxi?
I don't think Tom will swim.
I haven't forgotten any of you.
Tom didn't have to do that, but he did.
How long have you been home?
Tom needs a little cheering up.
It's been three years since you graduated.
I wish Tom would give me back the money he owes me.
How long do you think you'll be able to do that?
I heard you ask Tom to sing.
I hope I'll be able to do that.
Tom definitely did what he said he did.
How many coins did you find?
Tom never offered a reason why.
It all happened more than three years ago.
I was very surprised that Tom wasn't at your party.
How has your life changed since you got married?
I hope Tom didn't see what you did.
I know I can still do this job.
Tom came home earlier than usual today.
How many knives do you need?
Tom never said it was possible.
If we can help, we'll help any way we can.
I don't understand why you and Tom don't get along.
How do you know someone hasn't already found it?
I never count on Tom's help.
I like people who are friendly.
Tom and Mary were absent all last week.
How much is this coin worth?
Tom never said much to anybody.
Did you show those photos to your friends?
He really wants to work as a simultaneous interpreter.
He has his heart set on working as a translator.
Don't forget to comment, like and subscribe.
The incident occurred in international waters.
"Snap, I broke the thermometer..." "I think, I'll better get a new one."
Writing in Roman letters is bad for the brain (health) of Japanese learners.
Isn't it better to eat apples instead of mangoes to improve your eye sight?
I'll never be as good as them.
I don't wanna go to work.
The move will take place on the weekend.
What is the purpose of this sort of essay?
How much of Tom's speech did you really understand?
How do you decide what to do and what not to do?
I wish Tom had come with me.
I really don't know what to do.
This is something that only Tom can do.
How much is your life worth?
Tom never saw his father again.
Are you sure those students are Canadians?
How did you know that Tom was the one who did that?
How did you meet the other members of your band?
I'm glad Tom is on our team.
I think it's a massive problem.
They only allowed Tom to sing one song.
Tom never should've been fired.
You're not expecting me to sing, are you?
How did you know Tom was going to go fishing today?
How did you come up with the idea for this book?
It was Tom who told me that.
I think we've got enough money.
Should we tell Tom about what happened?
How on earth can we do that?
Tom often asks silly questions.
You still haven't paid this month's rent.
How did you convince Tom to give you so much money?
How could you understand what I'm going through?
Last week I met up with Tom.
I thought nothing would happen.
Probably not even Tom knows what to do.
How should we be doing this?
Tom often eats fish for dinner.
Would you teach me how to play that song?
How did Tom get Mary to help him with his homework?
How was I supposed to do that without any help?
Nobody told Tom not to sing.
I want you to wait for me here.
Please tell Tom not to do that anymore.
How tough is that to handle?
Tom participated in the debate.
Wellington is the capital of New Zealand.
How could Tom possibly have known what I was doing?
How old were you when you first visited Boston?
Tom buys me anything I want.
I warned you what might happen.
I've been very pleased with Tom's work.
How well do you know Boston?
Tom plans to buy a new bicycle.
We've done nothing to deserve your anger.
How could Tom have done that without Mary noticing?
How often do you change your windshield wipers?
Tom couldn't close the door.
I'd like to do a lot of things.
I'm pretty sure Tom is happy in Boston.
How are earthquakes measured?
Tom plans to retire in October.
We have a month to learn all these songs.
Were you the one who told Tom about what happened?
How much would you pay for something like this?
Tom cut a hole in the fence.
I'm willing to do that for you.
I wasn't the one who told Tom to leave.
How can I be a better person?
Tom played a dirty trick on me.
People ask me that question all the time.
Tom told me he didn't really want to go to Boston.
How much would you be willing to sell that for?
Tom gets embarrassed easily.
I've been coughing all morning.
I think we should have Tom sing for us.
How can I lose thirty pounds?
Tom played a tune on the banjo.
Nobody said I wasn't supposed to do this.
Tom isn't very likely to go to Boston next summer.
How much pocket money do your parents give you?
Tom is a physical therapist.
I've been singing a lot lately.
I think Tom hasn't made a decision yet.
How can you be so judgmental?
Tom poured a cup of tea for me.
Let me tell you the reason that happened.
Tom is the only one likely to be able to help you.
How much money did you spend on food last week?
Tom is a really good goalie.
I can't give you any guarantees.
I still have to talk to Tom about that.
How can you do this to a kid?
Tom really likes writing poems.
It's very hard to tell what might happen.
Tom doesn't deserve the salary they're giving him.
How much longer do we have to put up with this?
Tom is a really good player.
I decided that I should do that.
I really want to know why Tom did that.
How cold is it where you are?
Tom really loves going to work.
It's because of you that I quit the team.
Most of the students in the class agreed with Tom.
How much do you know about the US Constitution?
Tom is a typical journalist.
I didn't know what I should say.
After the volcanic eruption, this species declined.
I plan to retire soon.
I don't plan to retire until I'm 65.
I have no intention of retiring anytime soon.
I'll be retiring in October.
I'm retiring in October.
How on earth could Tom have known that?
How come nobody did anything?
Tom refused to change his mind.
It would be interesting if that happened.
It was clear that Tom didn't want to talk to Mary.
How many people are killed by sharks each year?
Tom is an incredible writer.
I do what other people won't do.
How much money did Tom borrow from you?
How did you check your facts?
Tom reminds me a lot of my dad.
If that doesn't work, try something else.
I've promised Tom that I wouldn't do that anymore.
How many civilians have been killed or wounded?
Tom may not be home tonight.
I don't think I should eat this.
How much did Tom have to drink tonight?
How did you know I had a dog?
Tom reminds me a lot of myself.
You speak French a lot better than I do.
I'm sure Tom won't want to eat anything right now.
How long will it take for the medicine to work?
Tom never follows my advice.
I don't think I should help you.
How long has Tom Jackson been the boss?
How did you know I said that?
Tom returned to Boston in 2013.
You shouldn't take anything for granted.
I'm sure Tom is going to be hungry when he gets home.
How long have you been working as a tour guide?
Tom offered to walk me home.
I don't want to ever leave here.
How do you know how much money Tom has?
How did you make that happen?
Tom said he had to call the police.
You shouldn't be doing that by yourself.
I thought Tom might sing a couple of songs for us.
How long has it been since you moved to Boston?
Tom rarely goes out anymore.
I haven't slept well since then.
How do you know Tom didn't do anything?
How do you change the filter?
Tom said he heard the gunshots.
Would you do that if you had the chance?
I think Tom would've stayed longer if he could've.
How long do you think you can hold your breath?
Tom said he knew who did it.
I hope you aren't getting bored.
How did you know where Tom hid his key?
How do you know these things?
Tom said he wants more details.
Why don't you ever ask simple questions?
I promised Tom we wouldn't sing that song tonight.
How long do you think it'll take us to do this?
Tom said he wanted to leave.
I like doing things for my kids.
How did you get Tom to let you do that?
How do you take care of them?
Tom said he's been working out.
Why don't people ever hitchhike anymore?
How much longer is Tom planning to live in Boston?
How long do you estimate it'll take to do that?
Tom said he'd vote for Mary.
I like to do things for my kids.
How did Tom know Mary wouldn't do that?
How exactly did they do that?
Tom said it was simply a prank.
We've had complaints from our neighbors.
How long have Tom and Mary been dating each other?
How environmentally friendly are electric cars?
Tom seems to be a smart guy.
I think it's a great compromise.
Haven't you and Tom ever sung together?
How exactly did you get here?
Tom said the claim wasn't true.
We're not one hundred percent ready yet.
How long do you think you can stay at Tom's house?
How did you know I didn't want to go to Boston?
Tom spoke to Mary on Monday.
I used to hate living in Boston.
Tom wouldn't do anything to help Mary.
How exactly would we do that?
Tom says he declined that deal.
We're not going to do that until Monday.
How did you convince Tom to wash your car for you?
How did people find out that this was going on?
Tom was obviously exhausted.
I was hoping you'd sing with us.
Tom won't let Mary sing with his band.
How likely is that to happen?
Tom says he has plenty of time.
We're being very careful not to do that.
How did you convince Tom to go to Boston with you?
How could I talk you in to staying for a while?
Tom will definitely do that.
I'll be playing tennis tomorrow.
Tom was a park ranger for three years.
How many firearms do you own?
Tom says he loves it in Boston.
We'll take a shuttle bus to the airport.
How did Tom know he was supposed to be here today?
How can I stop my dog from chewing on my shoes?
We'll miss Tom a great deal.
I'm definitely going to do that.
Tom wanted Mary to stay, but she left.
How many of them have rifles?
Tom says he'll be busy tonight.
We shouldn't ever need to do this again.
How could Tom and Mary even stay in the same room?
How can I be a better dad and a better husband?
Where does Tom go from here?
I'm going to get some ice cream.
Tom told me where to put my suitcases.
How many of these do we need?
Tom says he's in a lot of pain.
We need to find another way out of here.
We're not going to let Tom go to Boston with you.
How are you going to prove that I put it there?
You should try to avoid Tom.
I'm not as confident as you are.
Tom told me where to put his suitcase.
How much better can life get?
Tom seems like such a nice guy.
There's really no need for you to leave.
Tom wouldn't have sung if we hadn't asked him to.
How should we deal with the current situation?
How can Tom possibly do that?
I've been asked to sing tonight.
Tom told Mary that she should do that.
How much chicken did you buy?
Tom seems to be very laid back.
It would be really sad if that happened.
Tom should be able to change the tire by himself.
How much will it cost and who will pay for it?
How did Tom get Mary to sing?
I've really got to do that soon.
Tom says that he never locks his door.
How much did they charge you?
Tom seems to have good hearing.
Is doing that really all that difficult?
Tom put his foot on the first rung of the ladder.
How much sleep do you usually get every night?
How do you know Tom did that?
I always do that when I'm scared.
Tom might not be as happy as he seems.
How much is this stamp worth?
Tom sent the letter by airmail.
If you could help me, I'd appreciate it.
Tom needed someone to help him with his homework.
How much more time do you have to finish this?
How do you know what Tom did?
I couldn't do it even if I tried.
Tom knew things that nobody else knew.
How much support did you get?
Tom served months in prison.
Having no plan at all isn't a good idea.
Tom is the only one in our family who likes dogs.
How much can we expect to get if we sell this?
How long has Tom lived there?
I didn't see anybody in the park.
Tom isn't the only famous person here.
How much time will this take?
Tom sewed a button on his coat.
Why haven't you brought me here before?
Tom has already told Mary not to do that anymore.
How much are you willing to pay me to do that?
How long will Tom be staying?
I don't believe a thing they say.
Tom has sung with several local bands.
How much weight did you lose?
Tom should keep his mouth shut.
Why do things like this keep happening?
Tom has a daughter that goes to school with Mary.
How many people do you think will be watching?
How many people did Tom kill?
I don't have to go to work today.
Tom has been getting up awfully early.
How often do you eat cookies?
Tom should've done it that way.
Why can't we go to Boston next weekend?
Tom hardly ever does what you'd expect him to do.
How many people do you know with disabilities?
I'll show Tom how to do that.
I have a violin lesson on Monday.
Tom did that while he was half asleep.
How should we actually do it?
Tom should've kept that secret.
We're definitely doing the right thing.
Tom had to do that even though he didn't want to.
How long would it take you to paint this room?
Mary was my first girlfriend.
I have violin lessons on Mondays.
This doesn't look like Tom's umbrella.
How soon will lunch be ready?
Tom should've never been fired.
We hope to see you again in the future.
My guess is that Tom isn't going to want to sing.
How long have you been a member of this group?
Tom broke a window yesterday.
I hope to be ready in three days.
Should I tell Tom to ask Mary to sing?
How would that make you feel?
Tom showed me it could be done.
We have no place to keep all this food.
It was obvious that Tom didn't want to kiss Mary.
How long has it been since you were in school?
Tom didn't help us very much.
I knew you wouldn't like it here.
It'll be hard to convince Tom to sing.
How would you deal with that?
I started to read my new book.
Have you begun yet?
How many theaters are there in Yoshkar-Ola?
In Yoshkar-Ola there are five theaters.
She lives in Yoshkar-Ola.
He lives in Yoshkar-Ola.
This is Mary's first time experiencing a death in the family.
This is Mary's first experience of a death in the family.
You should come visit our shop next time.
Don't copy my sentences.
Tom simply wasn't quick enough.
We have a lot more power than we think.
I'm pretty sure Tom is going to be there tonight.
How long did it take you to record this album?
Tom didn't talk about Boston.
I like doing things with my kids.
I'm quite sure Tom won't want to sing.
How you do that is up to you.
Tom skimmed through the report.
We don't know how much time we'll have.
I'd really like to know why Tom isn't here today.
How else do you deal with something like that?
Tom hopes to do that someday.
I like to do things with my kids.
I'm angry with Tom for what he's done.
How are you all doing tonight?
Tom slept with the window open.
We don't have to go to school tomorrow.
I was really scared that Tom was going to hit me.
How does someone become a member of your club?
Tom is a building contractor.
I think we can do that next year.
I'll definitely go to Boston with Tom.
How are you going to fix that?
Tom sometimes helps his mother.
These umbrellas are pretty inexpensive.
I told Tom that I wouldn't go to Boston with him.
How did you become involved with this project?
Tom is a great administrator.
I used to hate singing in public.
I wonder what inspired Tom to do that.
How can it be done in one day?
Tom sometimes says nice things.
There's a reason this hasn't been done.
I thought Tom didn't have a driver's license yet.
How could you even imagine doing such a thing?
Tom is afraid that he'll die.
I'm in no mood to sing right now.
I wasn't the one who told Tom to sing.
How can this possibly be safe?
Tom sounds like an amazing kid.
That method didn't seem very effective.
I thought I'd have another chance to talk to Tom.
How could they leave their children all alone?
Tom is likely not to do that.
I'm not really a teacher anymore.
I think Tom should be able to do that.
How can we avoid that problem?
Tom spent the night in a hotel.
It hasn't been this hot in a long time.
I think Tom would've helped us if he'd been here.
How come we didn't hear about this before now?
I actually didn't plan to do that.
I just didn't think Tom would do that.
How can you compete with that?
Tom still has a long way to go.
Have you really been looking for a job?
I don't think Tom will go to Boston next weekend.
How can you think of food at a time like this?
Tom likes talking about Mary.
I can't believe you're happy here.
I don't think Tom is going to be here.
How come you don't believe me?
Tom struggled to pay his bills.
Do we have time to watch another movie?
I don't think Tom is going to be here until 2:30.
How can it be so cold when the sun is shining?
Tom likes to talk about Mary.
I don't think anybody can do that.
I don't expect Tom to be here on time.
How come you're so nice to me?
Tom struggles to pay his bills.
You speak French a lot better than me.
Do you think you can really sing better than Tom?
How would you like it if I called you stupid?
Tom looked down at his shoes.
I don't want to eat anything else.
How much longer will Tom be in prison?
How could I have forgotten it?
Tom takes a bath every morning.
You don't like this game much, do you?
Do you think Tom would be willing to sing for us?
How should we handle this delicate situation?
Tom made one serious mistake.
I shouldn't have drunk that water.
How many days will Tom stay in Boston?
How could I not be optimistic?
Tom told Mary not to help John.
Would you like to sing a duet with me?
Do you really think you can sing better than Tom?
How optimistic are you that that will happen?
Tom said he'll check into it.
I think that we're going to be OK.
How is Tom going to pay child support?
How could it be any other way?
Tom was evicted without notice.
Why don't we hang out here more often?
You should probably tell Tom to quit doing that.
How much does a gallon of gas cost in Boston?
Tom should've hired a lawyer.
I think that would be a good idea.
How did you talk Tom into helping you?
How could such a thing happen?
We want Tom to sing with us.
What makes you think I'd ever do that?
Tom wasn't able to buy enough food for everyone.
How much do you spend when you go out to eat?
Tom told Mary to be punctual.
I want to go to Australia someday.
How did you convince Tom not to leave?
How did I not know about this?
We're lucky that Tom helped us.
We've been doing this for three years.
Tom told Mary that she should go to the dentist.
How much did you spend on Christmas presents?
Tom told Mary to work harder.
I'd much rather not retire at all.
How am I going to explain this to Tom?
How did I not see that coming?
How can we ever trust Tom again?
We're going to start doing that today.
Tom thought he'd forgotten to tell Mary what to do.
How many more years do you plan to work here?
Tom was feeling pretty happy.
I'll send you all the money I can.
We should invite Tom over for dinner.
How did the three of you meet?
How did Tom get you to help him?
We're going to have to sell our house.
Tom says he doesn't enjoy watching sports on TV.
How many more years do you plan to live here?
Tom was feeling pretty tired.
I'm glad they're both on our team.
We never got a chance to talk to Tom.
How did you get into coaching?
How did Tom know where Mary was?
We're all aware of the risks involved.
Tom said he'd do that, so you don't have to.
How many immigrants were naturalized in 2013?
Tom wasn't given a chance.
I'm still trying to get that done.
Tom won't sing unless you ask him to.
How did you get the door open?
How did Tom lose so much weight?
We must take all possible precautions.
Tom lives in the yellow house across the street.
How long have you two been seeing each other?
Tom wasn't forced to do that.
I can't find the fire extinguisher.
Tom swims with his son every morning.
How did you know I was hungry?
How do you know Tom didn't do that?
We must not take anything for granted.
Tom is the only guy I know who can speak French.
How long have you been a member of this club?
When should we tell Tom this?
I couldn't do that even if I tried.
Tom said it was too early to go home.
How do people feel about that?
How do you know Tom isn't happy?
We have an apartment near the station.
Tom cut a hole in the fence and crawled through.
How long did it take you to write the report?
Why did Tom ask Mary to sing?
I don't have to go to school today.
Tom said Mary should be more patient.
How do you propose doing that?
How do you know that Tom did it?
Nobody wants to see that happen again.
I'm sure Tom will tell us if he needs something.
How long are you planning on being in Boston?
Why was Tom left there alone?
I don't plan to buy anything today.
Tom ought to have gotten here by now.
How exactly will this help us?
How good is Tom as a songwriter?
It was extremely difficult to do that.
I wouldn't allow Tom to do what he wanted to do.
How long are you going to be staying with us?
Don't let Tom see you do that.
I don't plan to stay for very long.
Tom likes to talk about other people.
How fast do you usually drive?
How much money did Tom lend you?
Doing that can be extremely dangerous.
I wish I could get Tom to show me how to juggle.
How easy will it be to buy the stuff we need?
How bad was Tom's knee injury?
Tom likes talking about other people.
How flexible is your schedule?
I always thought Tom could swim.
You shouldn't have sold your old car.
I think it's pretty obvious that Tom likes Mary.
How do you think we need to be handling this?
How badly did Tom get injured?
I don't understand these questions.
Tom is already really good at French.
How hard can this possibly be?
I can understand Tom's decision.
You know it's going to be hard to do.
How much money do you think Tom has in the bank?
How difficult was it for you to learn French?
How could Tom have known that?
I don't want to cause any problems.
Tom is a teacher at our son's school.
How long were you the manager?
I didn't know that Tom had died.
Why haven't we ever done this before?
How much longer is Tom planning to stay with us?
How could such an important fact be left out?
How did Tom ever find us here?
I have more work than I can handle.
Tom has apparently lost his passport.
How long will this storm last?
I don't worry about Tom anymore.
Why hasn't this ever happened before?
How much is Tom going to be paid for doing that?
How could anyone in their right mind do that?
How did Tom get Mary to leave?
I help my parents as much as I can.
Tom has a daughter who's pretty tall.
How many beans are in the jar?
I hope Tom continues to do that.
Why do you know so much about Boston?
How do you know that Tom was the one who did it?
How could anyone be stupid enough to do that?
How long ago did Tom say that?
I never imagined this would happen.
Tom figured everybody needed a break.
How many examples do you need?
I often have arguments with Tom.
Who would you most like to sing with?
How can Tom possibly do this anymore at his age?
How could I pass up an opportunity like this?
How on earth did Tom get here?
I really enjoyed my time in Boston.
Tom could tell that Mary needed help.
How many movies have you made?
I think Tom is absolutely right.
What kind of job are you offering me?
How are we going to find someone to replace Tom?
How can you tell who's sane and who's insane?
How well do you think Tom did?
I still have to finish my homework.
Tom and Mary know that John is smart.
How many teachers do you know?
I thought Tom was funny as well.
We're going to do things our own way.
Do you really want Tom to go to Boston with you?
How can you feel sorry for someone like that?
I can't stand people like Tom.
I'll be wherever you need me to be.
This is what Tom would want me to do.
How much are you getting paid?
I'm pretty sure Tom can do that.
We'll begin hiring people in October.
Do you have any idea why Tom refused to do that?
How can a skinny person like you eat so much?
I can't wait to see Tom again.
I'll make something for you to eat.
This is the picture that Tom painted.
How much do a dozen eggs cost?
It's a pity that Tom is leaving.
We want to stay another three nights.
You won't be able to talk Tom into helping you.
How can I be sure it's the right thing to do?
I don't like the way Tom sang.
I've always wanted to ride a horse.
The doctors amputated Tom's left leg.
How much money did you borrow?
Mary is the cutest girl in town.
We might not do that until next week.
Tom thought that Mary would do the right thing.
How are you doing with your budget this year?
I don't think Tom should sing.
I've been hiccupping all afternoon.
Let's not forget about what Tom said.
How much money can you borrow?
Mary looks pretty in that dress.
We might actually be able to do that.
Tom sings at this bar a couple of times a week.
How and where are decisions going to be made?
I like having Tom on the team.
I've never been downtown by myself.
Let's hope that Tom doesn't try that.
How much of a concern is that?
Nobody can beat Tom except Mary.
We hope that you'll get here on time.
Tom seems to be the only one who wants to sing.
How many times have you heard that question?
I was hoping Tom would forget.
I can't wait to hear you sing again.
I want you to teach Tom how to drive.
How much sleep should you get?
This is the picture Tom painted.
This is something nobody else can do.
Tom promised me he wouldn't ever do that again.
How many politicians do you personally know?
Is Tom still a French teacher?
I don't feel like singing right now.
I get phone calls every day from Tom.
Tom advised Mary to be punctual.
They really wanted to make it happen.
Tom makes mistakes every time he speaks French.
How many people do you have working for you?
Is Tom the right coach for us?
I don't know if we can do it or not.
How will you convince Tom to help us?
How often do you speak French?
Tom advised Mary to lose weight.
There's nothing wrong with this plan.
Tom made it clear that he didn't want me there.
How many more days do you plan to stay here?
It's difficult to talk to Tom.
I don't see why I shouldn't do that.
How did you convince Tom to help you?
How old were you at that time?
Tom advised Mary to work harder.
There's no substitute for experience.
Tom listens to the radio whenever he's driving.
How many days are there until your birthday?
That's precisely what Tom did.
I have no idea if it'll work or not.
How did Tom know why Mary was absent?
How safe is this part of town?
Tom always does the right thing.
There haven't been any accidents yet.
Tom is going to write a letter to Mary tonight.
How long has it been since you've been home?
The boy reading a book is Tom.
I just don't want to sing right now.
How did Tom know where we were going?
How serious are these threats?
Tom and Mary aren't coming back.
There are a lot of great people here.
Tom has no idea how attracted women are to him.
How long do you plan on making us wait here?
The boy with blue eyes is Tom.
I never thought we couldn't do that.
How did Tom get to work this morning?
How soon will supper be ready?
Tom and Mary were both arrested.
That's what everyone's talking about.
Tom definitely knows that he shouldn't be here.
How long did it take you to write this book?
The younger guy's name is Tom.
I want to do that as much as you do.
Are you sure that Tom didn't see you?
How will I be able to do that?
Tom committed suicide yesterday.
Nobody really wants to talk about it.
Tom couldn't find his way back to the campsite.
How long did it take you to figure that out?
This is Tom's first year here.
I want you to do the shopping today.
Are you sure that Tom didn't do that?
How about a nice game of chess?
Tom didn't even talk about Mary.
My father left us when we were small.
Tom and Mary have never played tennis together.
How has your job changed over all the years?
Tom appears to be intoxicated.
I was still an amateur at that time.
We've hired Tom to paint our garage.
How are we supposed to do this?
Tom didn't have any place to go.
My father kicked me out of the house.
There's no reason for you not to tell Tom that.
How has marriage actually changed your life?
Tom became a Canadian citizen.
I was supposed to be here yesterday.
We're lucky to have Tom on our team.
How are you going to cook that?
Tom doesn't have a lot of money.
It's quite cold here, so I wear a hat.
It wasn't easy to convince Tom to donate money.
How has Boston changed since you were a kid?
Tom can buy whatever he wants.
I wish we had a candle or something.
We should try to get Tom to help us.
How are you going to get there?
Tom doesn't want Mary's old job.
It wouldn't be good if that happened.
I've promised Tom that I won't do that anymore.
How fast can you legally drive on this road?
Tom claims that he's innocent.
I wouldn't feel safe here by myself.
We should try to get Tom to do that.
How are you preparing for that?
Tom had lunch outside with Mary.
Are you still on the basketball team?
I'm pretty sure that Tom won't want to do that.
How do you think we should be handling this?
Tom has a very powerful voice.
I'd like to go to Australia someday.
We should consider Tom's suggestion.
How careful are you in the sun?
Tom has an assistant named Mary.
You know it's going to be hot there.
I thought Tom already had his driver's license.
How do you deal with the negative criticism?
Tom has lived here since 2013.
I'll call you as soon as I get home.
Tom will be tired when he gets home.
How could I have been so wrong?
Tom has been all over the world.
Why don't you wear that hat anymore?
I think Tom would've enjoyed tonight's concert.
How difficult is it to find a job in Boston?
Tom has stolen from us before.
I'll tell you what needs to be done.
Tom says he likes it here in Boston.
How could things get any worse?
Tom has worked hard this summer.
What song would you like us to sing?
I doubt if Tom would let me sing with his band.
How did you get involved in book publishing?
Tom hopes to become a teacher.
I'm not as smart as I thought I was.
Tom says he hates cleaning his room.
How could you let me oversleep?
Tom invited Mary over to dinner.
We've got to do something different.
I don't think Tom is going to be here tomorrow.
How could you say yes without consulting me?
Tom hurt his arm when he fell.
I'm still waiting for an invitation.
Tom says he has a surprise for Mary.
How did you do that so quickly?
Tom is a better swimmer than me.
We've been waiting a very long time.
How do you like the way Tom decorated the room?
How could things have gone downhill so fast?
Tom invited Mary to the party.
I've been retired for quite a while.
Tom says he doesn't know what to do.
How did you get your first job?
Tom is a teacher and a novelist.
We've been here for three weeks now.
How do you know Tom won't want Mary to do that?
How can I justify the expense of doing that?
Tom is a forensic pathologist.
I've been waiting all year for this.
Tom says he doesn't know the answer.
How did you spend your weekend?
Tom is more qualified than Mary.
We're quite pleased with the result.
How do you know Tom doesn't know what happened?
How are you going to spend your prize money?
Tom is a former casino dealer.
I've watched that video three times.
Tom says I'll have a good time here.
How do you feel about all that?
Tom is rich, but he isn't happy.
We're hoping something happens soon.
How did Tom know he wasn't supposed to do that?
How are you going to prove that we did that?
Tom is a good football player.
I always knew that you could do that.
Tom sang three of my favorite songs.
How do you know this is a fake?
Tom is the son of Mary's cousin.
We still haven't found the solution.
How did Tom get Mary to give him so much money?
How are you going to get to school tomorrow?
Tom is a good judge of horses.
I can't believe you're enjoying this.
How do you spend your time now?
Tom is usually dressed in black.
We need to talk to someone about it.
Have you ever heard Tom and Mary sing together?
How would you like it if I did that to you?
Tom is a lawyer and an author.
I didn't know you could sing so well.
Tom promised Mary he'd quit smoking.
How do you tell the difference?
Tom killed himself last October.
We must learn to respect each other.
Even Tom wouldn't be stupid enough to eat that.
How would you feel if that happened to you?
Tom is a private investigator.
I don't think we're going to do that.
Tom picked up the hat and put it on.
How exactly do bees make honey?
Tom knows he should be studying.
We hope to do better than last time.
We need to make sure Tom doesn't hurt himself.
How sure are you that I'm not going to win?
Tom is a professional trainer.
I guess that's the smart thing to do.
Tom painted a picture of some roses.
How fast was the horse running?
Tom knows how to comfort people.
We aren't able to defend ourselves.
Tom won't be able to lift that box by himself.
How much is this vacation going to cost us?
Tom is a really good marketer.
I hope what we did made a difference.
Tom moved to Boston with his family.
How hard is that to understand?
Tom lives only three miles away.
This plan was approved last October.
Tom wasn't sure whether he should sing or not.
How much does a public school teacher earn?
Tom is a retired Army colonel.
I never thought I'd be a taxi driver.
Tom lives in a very small apartment.
How long have you been a widow?
Tom may have met Mary yesterday.
This is never going to happen again.
Tom should do what his teacher told him to do.
How much did it cost to go to that concert?
Tom is a simple-minded person.
I only ask that you give me a chance.
Tom likes singing traditional songs.
How long have you been retired?
Tom met Mary at the garden gate.
They've been rivals for a long time.
Tom seldom sings, but I think he will tonight.
How many students are there in this school?
Tom is a trained interrogator.
I really think it won't happen again.
Tom hasn't say a word to me all day.
How many Canadians do you know?
Tom nearly choked Mary to death.
There was no need for us to do that.
Tom rarely sings, but I think he will tonight.
How long have you been living in Australia?
Tom is a very talented runner.
I suppose you'd like to come with us.
Tom had fun playing cards with Mary.
How many committees are you on?
Tom never pays his rent on time.
The same thing happened again today.
Tom might be able to tell us where Mary lives.
How long does it take to get there by taxi?
Tom lost three games in a row.
I think I could be persuaded to sing.
Tom gave Mary a very expensive ring.
How many girls have you kissed?
Tom persuaded Mary to marry him.
The boss advanced me a week's wages.
Tom might be able to help you, but I doubt it.
How long do we have to finish this project?
Tom often comes to class late.
I think it's going to be a good year.
Tom found a golf ball in the garden.
How much is a human life worth?
Tom said Mary died in her sleep.
That's something I don't understand.
Tom is the one who puts the children to sleep.
How do you think you'll be able to do that?
Tom plays the piano and sings.
I think my dad would've been pleased.
Tom could stay here if he wanted to.
How much is that going to cost?
Tom said he didn't want to sing.
Let's go somewhere where it's quiet.
Tom is playing poker with his friends tonight.
How do you feel about the proposed changes?
Tom said he knew who did that.
I think that wouldn't be a good idea.
Tom could see that Mary needed help.
How much is this going to cost?
Tom said he wanted more details.
It's possible things will get worse.
Tom has an extremely expressive singing voice.
How do they manage to find time to do that?
Tom said he wanted to help us.
I thought it might be fun to do that.
Tom and Mary sang background vocals.
How much longer must I do this?
Tom said he's not going to sing.
Don't you ever get tired of singing?
Tom gets paid to sing and to entertain people.
How did you know that today is my birthday?
Tom speaks French and English.
I'd be grateful if you could help me.
Tom and Mary enjoy singing together.
How much more do we need to do?
Tom sang in the choir at church.
Do you really want me to drink that?
Tom doesn't do anything he doesn't have to do.
How did you get interested in hang gliding?
Tom told Mary to stop singing.
I'll phone you as soon as I get home.
Tom and Mary both play the recorder.
How probable is that to happen?
Tom should've told us the truth.
Can we have some more bread, please?
Tom can't help us right now. He's really busy.
How did you end up here in the first place?
Tom tried not to make a sound.
I didn't plan on singing here tonight.
That's clearly what Tom wants to do.
How stupid do you think we are?
Tom swore he wouldn't tell Mary.
Boston was a great place to grow up.
It wasn't easy to convince Tom not to do that.
How did you come up with the idea for this?
Tom used to be quite handsome.
I don't think I want to eat right now.
Let's not forget about what Tom did.
How well do you know your kids?
Tom underestimated his opponent.
Are your kids still living with you?
I'm pretty sure Tom won't want to go with you.
How long is it going to take before we get some answers?
Tom used to live in Australia.
I don't want to do anything right now.
Let's hope that Tom doesn't do that.
How are they doing that exactly?
Tom wanted everybody to go home.
Why has this never happened before?
I wouldn't allow Tom to do that if I were you.
How could we have prevented this situation?
Tom wants things done his way.
I don't want to speak to anybody else.
It's because of me that Tom is here.
How are we going to be affected?
Tom wanted something else to do.
Why are you still upset about that?
I told Tom that I would go to Boston with him.
How come we don't hang out here more often?
Tom was feeling pretty hungry.
I feel pretty good about the decision.
It won't be easy for us to find Tom.
How are you going to pay for it?
Tom wasn't wearing cowboy boots.
Why are you still angry about that?
I think Tom was supposed to do that yesterday.
How can you tell who's happy and who isn't?
Tom waved his hand and smiled.
I knew you wouldn't like it in Boston.
I'm sure Tom won't agree to do that.
How are you going to prove that?
Tom went back to his hotel room.
Why are we allowing this to happen?
I showed Tom exactly where I found his wallet.
How could I not be grateful for having this opportunity?
Tom will be a teacher someday.
I know some of the people in the room.
I think Tom enjoyed singing with us.
How can things like that happen?
Tom will definitely not do that.
What other way is there to do this?
I only knew some of the people at Tom's party.
How can we stop this kind of thing from happening again?
Tom will be attending Harvard.
I really enjoyed hanging out with you.
I know why Tom doesn't want to sing.
How can you ask such a question?
Tom wished Mary would come back.
What makes you think I'd want that?
I hope Tom sings the song I asked him to sing.
How can you be so calm at a time like this?
Tom's contract wasn't renewed.
I was a piano teacher for three years.
I just spoke to Tom three hours ago.
How can you make such a comment?
Tom's father was born in Boston.
We've experienced so much together.
I don't think I can stop Tom from going there.
How can we get this done by Monday evening?
Water is Tom's favorite drink.
I wish I had enough money to buy that.
I haven't slept well since Tom left.
How come you're working so late?
Was Tom taller than you thought?
We're very pleased with the result.
I didn't know we weren't supposed to help Tom.
How can I make a girl fall in love with me?
Do you think Tom could do that?
I'm going to try to stay up all night.
I don't want to play chess with Tom.
How could anyone object to that?
We're used to having Tom around.
We shouldn't need to do this again.
I didn't know that Tom used to live in Boston.
How are we going to get the piano upstairs?
How did Tom lose all his money?
I'm not going to allow that to happen.
I don't understand why you like Tom.
How could you hurt your own son?
Who's the boy dancing with Mary?
We did what we were supposed to do.
I always thought Tom knew how to speak French.
How would you like to go home early today?
How did you know Tom was drunk?
I didn't know where to put the package.
I didn't do what Tom asked me to do.
How did those things get broken?
How can you tell if Tom is lying?
We ask everyone that same question.
How do you know Tom won't want you to do that?
How would you have answered that question?
How did you meet Tom initially?
I don't remember asking you to do that.
I bet Tom can speak a little French.
How did you get here so quickly?
How could Tom possibly know that?
Things won't be getting any better.
How did Tom think he could get away with this?
How often do you eat cereal for breakfast?
How do you know Tom is unhappy?
I hope we can go to Boston next summer.
I always thought Tom was a Canadian.
How do we get rid of this stuff?
How did Tom get Mary to help him?
There's nobody in the building now.
How can we believe anything Tom is telling us?
How much longer do I have to go to school?
How long has Tom been with you?
I really think you should stop smoking.
How old was Tom when he passed away?
How do you plan to achieve this?
How did Tom get his point across?
There's no need for you to do that.
Do you really think Tom will let you help him?
How much does a typical alarm system cost?
How many days will Tom be here?
I think we should deal with this later.
How much do you trust what Tom says?
How do you plan to pay for them?
How did Tom know which way to go?
The concert was very well attended.
Why do you think that what Tom did was wrong?
How much do I need to save for retirement?
How much did Tom drink tonight?
I wasn't the one who broke this window.
How many times has Tom gone camping?
How does it feel to be retiring?
How did Tom lose all that weight?
That's exactly what I would advise.
Were you the one who told Tom not to do that?
How much did you have to drink last night?
How's this going to affect Tom?
I wish we could go skiing next weekend.
How many days will Tom be traveling?
How else can you account for it?
How did you convince Tom to sing?
Pretend you're still my girlfriend.
Tom hired Mary to take care of his children.
How many times have you tried to fix this?
I bet Tom knows how to do that.
I've made a lot of mistakes in my life.
How long has it been since Tom left?
How far away are we from Boston?
How did you persuade Tom to sing?
None of those things have happened.
Tom wasn't the one who advised me to do this.
How many times have you been to Australia?
I did my best to calm Tom down.
I actually didn't plan to be here today.
How does Tom feel about all of this?
How hard is it to get a fake ID?
How do you know why Tom did that?
It won't be easy for us to do this.
Tom wanted to live in Boston with his family.
How many people do you think will turn up?
I didn't know that Tom retired.
I don't know exactly how long we waited.
How do you think that made Tom feel?
How is that not a better choice?
How much more time does Tom want?
It won't be easy for us to do that.
Tom wanted everybody to stay a little longer.
How many hours do you exercise every week?
I should tell Tom what I heard.
I don't remember you asking me to dance.
How did Tom know you were in Boston?
How long did it take to do that?
How stupid does Tom think we are?
It really is a difficult situation.
Tom sounds like he grew up singing in church.
How many clocks do you have in your house?
I think Tom hasn't decided yet.
I grew up singing with my three sisters.
How did Tom know Mary would do that?
How long did you live in Boston?
I heard you tell Tom not to sing.
Have you ever seen a grown man cry?
Tom should've stayed for a couple more hours.
How long is this going to take to process?
I think what Tom said is wrong.
I promised myself that I'd quit smoking.
Have you ever heard Tom sing before?
How long has this box been here?
I knew Tom wouldn't want to sing.
Do you think you could sing for us?
Tom plays the guitar, sings and writes songs.
How long does it take to actually do that?
I was hoping Tom would do that.
I think safety should be a top priority.
You should tell Tom what you heard.
How long have you been a barber?
I know Tom is going to hate this.
Do you really want to go to Boston?
Tom never did learn to play guitar very well.
How long do you think we're going to wait?
Is Tom still a friend of yours?
I think we might come back here someday.
We don't have the money to pay Tom.
How many Canadians work for you?
Didn't I tell you not to sing here?
Tom must've known Mary wouldn't want to sing.
How long do you expect to be in Australia?
It was so great to talk to Tom.
I'd like to drink another cup of coffee.
Watch what Tom does very carefully.
How many books have you written?
I think what Tom said was stupid.
You're not allowed to eat in here.
Tom could be planning to go there by himself.
How in the world could this have happened?
It's been quite a year for Tom.
I'm not going to sing that song anymore.
Tom's car isn't where he parked it.
How many boys are in your class?
I told Tom that I would help him.
You sing so much better than I do.
Tom and Mary said they would be walking home.
How important is it for you to be on time?
It's something only Tom can do.
I'm trying to figure out how to do that.
Tom's band was really good tonight.
How many carpenters do you know?
Why are you getting married again?
Make sure you don't do anything to upset Tom.
How do you plan to deal with that problem?
Let Tom do what he wants to do.
I can't believe you really want to leave.
Tom writes and sings his own songs.
How many clubs do you belong to?
It was Tom who stole Mary's bike.
What's your French teacher's name?
It was obvious that Tom didn't want to leave.
How do you manage to find time to do that?
Let me fill up your glass, Tom.
I didn't actually do what they say I did.
Tom will find a way to get it done.
How many guns were in the truck?
That's why Tom doesn't like Mary.
What have you done to change that?
It was clear that Tom didn't want to help us.
How do we deal with the current situation?
Let's assume that Tom is right.
I didn't see a single person in the park.
Tom wanted something else to drink.
How many motorcycles do you own?
The audience sang along with Tom.
We're an extremely close family.
It was Tom who wanted to have the party here.
How did you know that was my favorite one?
No one should feel bad for Tom.
I don't know whether we can do it or not.
Tom wanted Mary to be nicer to him.
How many patrol cars do you see?
Tom admitted he'd made a mistake.
We're here for you if you need us.
It looks like Tom doesn't like you very much.
How did you know I used to live in Boston?
That tree is on Tom's property.
I don't really want to do that right now.
Tom tried to convince Mary to sing.
How much do you drink every day?
Tom and Mary played in the creek.
We don't know what'll happen next.
Is Tom the one who taught you how to do that?
How did you know I didn't want to do that?
That's what I expect Tom to do.
I don't think I should buy anything else.
Tom told Mary that she should stay.
How much longer can I stay here?
Tom apparently lost his passport.
We aren't going to sing that song.
I'm pretty sure Tom will help you if you ask.
How did you get a better price than I did?
That's what Tom said last week.
I don't think anything's going to change.
Tom talked nonstop for a full hour.
How much more money do you need?
Tom called to see if Mary was OK.
There's a reason no one likes you.
I wouldn't talk to Tom anymore if I were you.
How could you make such a foolish mistake?
The kids love playing with Tom.
I don't think that we did anything wrong.
Tom sure likes oranges, doesn't he?
How much oil has spilled so far?
Tom considers himself a pacifist.
That's something nobody else does.
I thought Tom didn't have a driver's license.
How could things have gotten so messed up.
The man washing the car is Tom.
I don't think there's any way I can help.
Tom still lives in the Boston area.
How much will it cost taxpayers?
Tom didn't like Boston very much.
Please don't ask me to sing again.
I hope Tom didn't notice what you were doing.
How could they have let things get so bad.
The one washing the car is Tom.
I just really want to know what happened.
Tom spends too much money on books.
How much will this project cost?
Tom didn't want Mary to be alone.
People need to pay more attention.
I agree with almost everything Tom just said.
How could that happen in this day and age?
There was no reaction from Tom.
I said the wrong thing at the wrong time.
Tom sings well, but he can't dance.
How should we respond this time?
Tom fell approximately meters.
Make sure you turn off the lights.
How did you talk Tom into doing that for you?
How come you never brought me here before?
Things were going well for Tom.
I think it's about three miles from here.
Tom said he wouldn't do that again.
How will this make a difference?
Tom grew up in a fishing village.
Let me tell you why that happened.
How did we not know that Tom was lying to us?
How can you watch a movie without popcorn?
This time Tom is likely to win.
I thought I told you not to eat any more.
Tom said he noticed the same thing.
How would you describe your art?
Tom has forgotten how to do that.
It's snowing here in Boston today.
How did Tom know which book Mary hadn't read?
How can we improve our chances of success?
Tom furrowed his brow.
Tom studied her face.
I have no recollection.
I have no recollection of it.
I have no recollection of that event.
Tom accused me of being a liar.
I'm not going to say anything about that.
Tom said Mary may return on Monday.
How are you going to do all this?
Tom has won the last three races.
It would've been crazy to do that.
How did Tom know Mary wouldn't be here today?
How are we going to feed all these people?
Tom always did the right thing.
I don't think I'll sing that song tonight.
Tom promised never to hit me again.
How can I take care of everybody?
Tom hopes Mary will visit Boston.
Is Boston really such a bad place?
How could I know that Tom would get so angry?
How serious do you really think they are?
Tom always does an amazing job.
I don't think anyone would really do that.
Tom pricked the balloon with a pin.
How can you believe such a thing?
Tom is too shy to sing in public.
Why haven't we done that already?
How can you be sure that Tom doesn't do that?
How often do you have to pay for parking?
Tom always says the same thing.
I don't think they'll allow me to do that.
Tom lives three miles east of here.
How can you even joke about that?
Tom likes to sing in the bathtub.
What's wrong with the way I sing?
How can anyone think that Tom is a good boss?
How much will my monthly car payments be?
Tom and I are going for a walk.
I gave up trying to lose weight years ago.
Tom has lots of things to tell you.
How could they ask me to do this?
Tom looked up at Mary and winked.
What kind of people irritate you?
Do you think Tom would really sing for us?
How much is your operation going to cost?
Tom and I had an understanding.
I have a kid that goes to the high school.
Tom has inspired a lot of students.
How did people find out about it?
Tom offered me some orange juice.
What are we going to do tomorrow?
Tom would like to become a sports announcer.
How much does ten kilograms of rice cost?
Tom and I have talked about it.
I hope you're not too tired to go with us.
Tom has decided to stay a few days.
How did this company get started?
Tom often eats breakfast with us.
We've had rain for almost a week.
Tom wasn't able to eat as much he wanted to.
How much cash do you usually have on you?
Tom and I went back to the bar.
I think it'd be better if you didn't sing.
Tom has a very good singing voice.
How did this project get started?
Tom opened the car door for Mary.
We've had a lot of opportunities.
Tom wasn't able to buy everything we needed.
How many times has this problem occurred?
Tom and Mary soon fell in love.
I was just going to suggest that you sing.
Tom doesn't like watching baseball.
How did you get that information?
Tom probably owes a lot of money.
We've got to keep moving forward.
Tom wanted Mary to drive, so he could sleep.
How many people do you have working here?
Tom and Mary were both wounded.
I was still living in Boston at that time.
Tom doesn't like to watch baseball.
How did you think this would end?
Tom said he didn't want to leave.
We've already decided to do that.
Tom thought that Mary wouldn't have to sing.
How many boxes did you load on the truck?
Tom appeared to be intoxicated.
I don't think anyone has tried that before.
Tom doesn't like to sing sad songs.
How do you feel about that topic?
Tom says that he can't sing well.
We're going to do things our way.
Tom thought he'd forgotten to lock the door.
How long you stay in Boston is up to you.
Tom appears to have a headache.
I don't think it's safe to go out at night.
Tom cleaned his room before dinner.
Tom spoke for almost three hours.
We won't give up without a fight.
Tom started singing and everybody joined in.
How long will it take to build this wall?
Tom asked a very good question.
I have no intention of letting you do that.
Tom can't play the piano very well.
How do you want to be remembered?
Tom told me where to park my car.
We shouldn't have sung that song.
Tom should've done it the way you suggested.
How long is this going to take to finish?
Tom became drowsy after supper.
I just thought it would a good thing to do.
Tom and Mary are both good singers.
How do you want your eggs cooked?
Tom told me why I had to do this.
We know that we're going to lose.
Tom sang with a men's chorus for many years.
How long have we been talking about this?
Tom became more and more angry.
I promised myself I wouldn't drink anymore.
Tom and I are going out for a walk.
How good a tennis player are you?
Tom tried to persuade me to sing.
We hope you enjoy your stay here.
Tom really didn't want to work this morning.
How long has it been since that happened?
Tom behaved exceptionally well.
I sleep better at home than I do in hotels.
Tom always drinks his coffee black.
How good is your retirement plan?
Tom wanted everybody to be quiet.
We didn't bury the treasure here.
Tom knew that Mary would do the right thing.
How long did this book take you to write?
Tom behaved like he was afraid.
I sure wish I could sing as well as you do.
Nobody could tell me where Tom was.
How helpful would that have been?
Tom wanted something else to eat.
There are infinite possibilities.
Tom gave each student in his class a pencil.
How long did it take to paint the garage?
Tom bought a new pair of shoes.
I think we have enough time to do that now.
It'll be a good experience for Tom.
How in the world did this happen?
Tom will be in Boston all summer.
That was a pretty exciting night.
Tom earns about three hundred dollars a day.
How is anyone ever going to find us here?
Tom brought me back in his car.
I think we played as well as we could have.
I'm sure Tom is going to hate this.
How is the weather where you are?
Tom wouldn't do anything to help.
That doesn't sound too expensive.
It was obvious that Tom didn't want to sing.
How easy is it to buy a gun in Australia?
Tom built the doghouse himself.
I'm going to buy as many of those as I can.
I told Tom that I wouldn't do that.
How long do we need to stay here?
Tom's injuries aren't so serious.
Let me make you something to eat.
It certainly wasn't easy to get Tom to help.
How do you think this policy will change?
Tom buys me things that I want.
I'm not opposed to trying things like that.
I think what Tom said is incorrect.
How long have I kept you waiting?
You should tell Tom what you saw.
If you sing, we'll sing with you.
I wouldn't be here if Tom hadn't invited me.
How do you prepare for weather like that?
Tom came back home a while ago.
I've been babysitting since I was thirteen.
I suppose we could ask Tom to sing.
How long have you been in prison?
You'd better not let Tom do that.
You sing a lot better than I do.
I wonder if Tom still remembers how to swim.
How do you plan to deal with that matter?
Tom came in through the window.
I've tried to figure this out, but I can't.
I shouldn't have asked Tom to sing.
How long have you had this fever?
All the other boys laughed at Tom.
Why don't you do that right now?
I was the one who showed Tom how to do that.
How do you deal with something like that?
Tom came running into the room.
I can't believe you actually sang that song.
I can't believe Tom sang in public.
How long have you known about it?
How did Tom know where Mary lived?
Where did the three of you meet?
I think we should ask Tom to do that for us.
How did you like the hotel you stayed at?
Tom can do whatever he pleases.
I didn't do what I've been accused of doing.
How many questions did you ask Tom?
How many people do you work with?
How did you talk Tom into singing?
We'd be happy if you could come.
How much more money does Tom want to borrow?
How did you know I was going to say that?
Tom made a fool of himself in front of everyone.
Tom made a fool of himself in front of her.
Tom made a fool of himself in front of Mary.
Mary had made a fool of herself in front of him.
Tom laughed out loud when he saw Mary's outfit.
Tom didn't seem impressed.
Mary didn't seem impressed.
She didn't seem impressed.
I wish I were joking.
Tom's father suffers from Alzheimer's.
Tom looked fatigued.
“Do not judge, or you too will be judged. For in the same way you judge others, you will be judged, and with the measure you use, it will be measured to you.
Judge not, that ye be not judged. For with what judgment ye judge, ye shall be judged: and with what measure ye mete, it shall be measured to you again.
And why beholdest thou the mote that is in thy brother's eye, but considerest not the beam that is in thine own eye? Or how wilt thou say to thy brother, Let me pull out the mote out of thine eye; and, behold, a beam is in thine own eye? Thou hypocrite, first cast out the beam out of thine own eye; and then shalt thou see clearly to cast out the mote out of thy brother's eye.
Do you like game shows?
Tom can get along with anybody.
I don't think it's going to happen that way.
How did you know that Tom was sick?
How many rich people do you know?
How do you know Tom will be there?
We used to do that every Monday.
How much longer will Tom be in the hospital?
How did you get involved in this project?
Tom can have whatever he wants.
I honestly don't understand what's going on.
How did you know I didn't like Tom?
How much are they willing to pay?
How do you know Tom won't do that?
We don't even know where we are.
How long did it take you to get to Tom's house?
How did you first learn about our school?
Tom can stay the night with me.
I just don't feel like doing that right now.
How did Tom talk Mary into singing?
How much are you prepared to pay?
How long did Tom keep you waiting?
This is my first time in Boston.
How do you know Tom wasn't the one who did that?
How did you first come up with this idea?
Tom can't control his emotions.
I like women who don't wear too much makeup.
How did Tom know who to give it to?
How much do you pay for gasoline?
How long is Tom going to be there?
This is a dangerous place to be.
How did Tom know where Mary was going to be?
How could you not know what was going on?
Tom can't do it all by himself.
I think you don't understand the difference.
How did Tom know that would happen?
How much do you spend eating out?
How much harm could Tom have done?
There were policemen everywhere.
How did Tom know what he was supposed to do?
How could I know it would take this long?
Tom can't have passed the exam.
I thought I told you not to skateboard here.
How can you tell when Tom is lying?
How much does that software cost?
How much more money does Tom need?
That's a very interesting story.
How did Tom get Mary to cook dinner for him?
How come you don't wear that hat anymore?
Tom can't hide from us anymore.
I thought it might be fun to try to do that.
How can we believe a word Tom says?
How much gas is left in the tank?
How much more money does Tom want?
Somebody is going to get killed.
Why does Tom get a higher salary than I do?
How can people be so stupid and ignorant?
Tom certainly didn't know that.
I thought you said we weren't going to sing.
How can Tom do all of these things?
How much is this trip costing us?
How will you convince Tom to stay?
Nobody wants to see that happen.
Why do you allow Tom to treat you that way?
How can I lose three kilograms in a week?
Tom claims that you stole them.
I used to sing that song when I was a child.
Guess who Tom's French teacher was?
How much money was actually lost?
I don't even know Tom's last name.
Make sure you close the windows.
Tom will need to tell Mary sooner or later.
How are you able to remain so optimistic?
Tom continued reading the book.
I'm not going to allow this to happen again.
Why do you know so much about Tom?
How much should teachers be paid?
I have to help Tom move the piano.
Let's sing a song about animals.
Tom will get a chance to do that, I'm sure.
How are we supposed to compete with that?
Tom cooked himself a good meal.
I can't afford to buy one of those right now.
We have yet to hear back from Tom.
How often do you stay at a hotel?
I think Tom is a very good player.
It was extremely cold in Boston.
Tom will be retired by this time next year.
How are we going to pay for these things?
Tom could've told us the truth.
I didn't know we weren't supposed to be here.
Tom's injured toes were amputated.
How often do you use your camera?
I think what Tom said isn't right.
It took longer than we expected.
Tom was a basketball coach for three years.
How are we going to find someone to help?
Tom couldn't control the horse.
I haven't been able to get much sleep lately.
Tom wouldn't throw the ball to me.
How reliable is this information?
I thought Tom might be here today.
Why do you not want to do that?
Tom told me he didn't want to go to Boston.
How accurate do you think this report is?
Tom couldn't find his way back.
I just want you to quit talking for a minute.
Tom won't make that mistake again.
How well do you manage your time?
I want Tom to sing at our wedding.
Why didn't anybody do anything?
I wish I was joking, but I'm not.
I wasn't sure whether she was joking or not.
I wasn't sure whether Tom was joking or not.
Tom told Mary that she didn't have to sing.
How much does it cost to make a T-shirt?
Tom did only what he had to do.
I probably shouldn't buy anything else today.
Tom went back into the other room.
How will that decision affect us?
I was hoping Tom wouldn't do that.
We're going to have to do that.
Tom sings well and is a pretty good dancer.
How much do you spend on food per month?
Tom didn't even lock his doors.
I think I'm the one who should be doing that.
Tom was late because he overslept.
How would you suggest we do that?
I wish I could get Tom to help me.
We'll continue to work on that.
Tom shouldn't have tried singing that song.
How many years have you been doing this?
Tom didn't have anywhere to go.
I think we have enough food to feed everyone.
Tom used to be a basketball coach.
How would you suggest we do this?
That should be no problem for Tom.
We want to know what they know.
Tom played the piano and the children sang.
How many weeks would it take to do that?
Tom didn't have to say a thing.
I think you don't understand what's going on.
Tom told Mary not to talk to John.
How am I going to get out of here?
That's what Tom told me on Monday.
We never go out to eat anymore.
Tom never told anyone where he hid the key.
How many meetings do you have each week?
Tom didn't regret his decision.
I'll never be able to sing as well as you do.
Tom still believes in Santa Claus.
How am I going to get out of this?
Tom and Mary sang a duet together.
We hope that you won't do that.
I beg your pardon, sir.
I think I'll stay home.
The admiration is mutual.
My eyes widened.
I think I'll stay home today.
Tom might be able to convince Mary to sing.
How many examples do I need to give you?
Tom didn't stay there for long.
I didn't know we weren't supposed to sit here.
Tom stayed home with the children.
How are we supposed to check this?
Tom believed every word Mary said.
We hope that you won't be late.
Tom isn't the type of man who'd betray you.
How long have you been an auto mechanic?
Come back to the table and sit down.
Push all the desks back against the walls.
Everyone sit down.
I want to help you fulfill your dreams.
Mary tried to control her anger.
Tom didn't think that was fair.
I don't think I have enough money to buy that.
Tom starts high school next month.
How are you saving for retirement?
Tom came earlier than usual today.
We didn't expect these results.
Tom is likely to want to stay until Monday.
How long have you been a French teacher?
Tom died from leukemia in 2013.
I don't think it really matters who does this.
Tom signed a non-disclosure agreement.
Mary is polishing her nails.
How much do you read?
Tom said this is a safe community.
How can I convince you to do that?
Tom could've died in the accident.
This photo was taken in Boston.
Tom is by far the best student in my class.
How long does it really take to do that?
Tom died from smoke inhalation.
I haven't been able to do that in a long time.
Tom never made it home last night.
How can they live with themselves?
Tom is playing a dangerous game.
You're playing a dangerous game.
I should have stayed at home.
Tom wet his bed.
You're the one who wanted to do this.
Tom couldn't get past the bouncer.
They can do whatever they want.
Tom helped Mary carry stuff out to her car.
How long do I have before I can go home?
Tom died in the summer of 2013.
I want to get out of here as fast as possible.
Tom lives right across the street.
How come you didn't bring it home?
Tom didn't talk about Mary at all.
There's not much else I can do.
You are pathetic.
Tom has never written a letter in his life.
How is your bicycle different from mine?
Tom does everything carelessly.
I'd appreciate it if you could do that for me.
Tom is a better swimmer than I am.
How come you're doing this for me?
Tom has been in Boston since 2013.
There were children everywhere.
Tom has a lot of money, but he isn't happy.
How happy are you on a scale one to ten?
Tom does everything on his own.
I've decided not to go to Boston this weekend.
Tom held the post for three years.
How common are problems like this?
Tom hasn't yet told me what to do.
The competition was very tough.
Tom didn't have to wait for us, but he did.
How do you like your new French teacher?
Tom couldn't go to John and Mary's wedding.
I hope we don't have to sing that song tonight.
So, what happened?
I didn't really want to leave the party early, but I had to go home to help my wife.
I'd appreciate it if you could come early and help me get ready for the party.
I wanted to buy that painting, but it had already been sold to somebody else.
I promise I'll pay you back the money I owe you before the end of the month.
I'm sure I won't be able to tell you anything that you don't already know.
I think if someone acts like a child they should be treated like a child.
I'll do whatever I can to convince you that we should get back together.
I would rather stay at home and watch TV than to go to a movie theater.
I asked the man at the door what his name was, but he wouldn't tell me.
I warned you what would happen if you didn't do what I told you to do.
I don't think it really matters who does this as long as it gets done.
I'm not sure it's a good idea for you to go out at night by yourself.
I don't know if we're going to be able to do this without some help.
I don't know how we're going to prevent that from happening again.
I'll pay you this time, but next time I won't give you any money.
I'll do whatever it takes to make sure you have a good time here.
I don't think we're going to be able to be at your party tonight.
I don't think there's any way I can get this report done on time.
I've have already ordered a pizza and a couple of drinks for us.
I'm still waiting to find out whether I've been accepted or not.
I stayed with the Jacksons whenever my parents were out of town.
I didn't want to go to Boston last weekend, but I had no choice.
I'm pretty sure I told you before not to talk to my girlfriend.
I'll do whatever it takes to make sure it doesn't happen again.
I think it would be really good for you to attend that meeting.
I couldn't have finished the project on time without your help.
I always worry about things that don't really matter very much.
I've asked you several times not to stay our so late at night.
I have the bad habit of leaving everything to the last minute.
I always have trouble sleeping the night before a big concert.
I've told you over and over again not to park your car here.
I'm roughly the same weight as I was at this time last year.
I really think it would be better not to stay here too long.
I'm looking forward to sleeping on a nice soft bed tonight.
I'll do whatever it takes to make sure that doesn't happen.
I usually drink coffee in the morning before going to work.
I try to always arrive at least five minutes ahead of time.
I never was interested in sports.
I never would've thought of that.
I often go to Boston on business.
I often take a nap at about 2:30.
I often wear a hat in the winter.
I often wear jeans and a T-shirt.
I only got home half an hour ago.
I seldom listen to music at home.
I thought we had the better team.
I totally agree with both of you.
I tried to do the sensible thing.
I usually eat eggs for breakfast.
I very seldom stay out all night.
I was convinced that I was right.
I was hoping to do that with you.
I was in a coma for three months.
I was just pretending I was rich.
I was rich a couple of years ago.
I was too weak to get out of bed.
I wasn't as poor as my neighbors.
I wonder how simple it really is.
I'd do anything to get there.
I'd like for you to do something.
I'd never let that happen to you.
I'll do whatever it takes to win.
I'll never be able to forget you.
I'm getting ready to bake a cake.
I'm not really sure what this is.
I'm only doing what I have to do.
I'm pretty sure that I won't win.
I'm seldom late for appointments.
I'm still planning on doing that.
I'm struggling to make ends meet.
I'm sure it wouldn't do any good.
I'm the one who needs to do that.
I'm trying to do the right thing.
I'm very proud of my performance.
I've already told you what to do.
I've already written three books.
I've always wanted to wear a tux.
I've been out of work for a year.
It's so nice to be appreciated.
It's time for you to come home.
I've had plenty to drink already.
Mary left her purse in her car.
I know about that already.
I knew about that already.
My grandfather was a policeman.
I was carjacked.
It's obvious that you're lying.
I've never bought clothes online.
The trouble with you, Tom, is that you never listen to what other people say.
I might be busy on Monday.
I had to work all weekend.
Next week, I'm going to Boston.
I was born rich.
It was bitterly cold in Boston.
Tom and Mary used to live in the house that John and Alice live in now.
I never take long showers.
I glanced down at my feet.
None of us want that to happen.
I was all wrong.
It isn't always cold in Boston.
I've worked with a lot of people.
I'm sure that Tom won't be able to understand what we're talking about.
I never was sophisticated.
I don't have a ticket yet.
One of us will have to do that.
I was all alone.
How much is a ticket to Boston?
I've promised to take Tom and Mary to the beach for a picnic tomorrow.
I never would've given up.
I don't feel tired at all.
Please eat as much as you want.
I was acquitted.
Everybody's excited about that.
I almost always wear dark clothes.
Tom went upstairs with Mary and sat by her bed until she fell asleep.
I never would've hurt you.
I do believe you're right.
Put that back where it belongs.
I wanted to win.
I was under the impression that Tom and Mary wanted to adopt a girl.
I often do volunteer work.
I can't do that right now.
Some of the volunteers laughed.
I waited nearby.
Did you notice Mary's earrings?
I always try to help other people.
I try to always be nice to Tom, even though he's not nice to me.
I really liked those guys.
I always obeyed the rules.
Some people say that I'm weird.
I waited inside.
Can you suggest something else?
I really think it would be better to let Tom do that by himself.
I seldom eat Mexican food.
I already know what to do.
Some people think I'm eloquent.
I turned around.
Actually, that's probably true.
I always try to keep an open mind.
I don't know how Tom is going to keep his dog from doing that.
I seldom go out on Monday.
I already know the answer.
That is one of my daily chores.
I took a chance.
You've worked very hard today.
Tom's house was struck by lightning and burned to the ground.
I tried to get some sleep.
I already know about that.
That is one of my daily duties.
I sure am tired.
You're not going yet, are you?
I always wear a hat in the summer.
Tom told Mary not to worry about what might happen on Monday.
I try to eat healthy food.
I almost never wear a hat.
The negotiation was successful.
I sure am lucky.
You sing a lot better than me.
Tom went to Boston last year to live with his grandmother.
I wanted to do that again.
I've never been disloyal.
There's no way you can do that.
I stayed silent.
You shouldn't be in this room.
I ate something that made me sick.
Tom sold the farm after Mary died and went back to Boston.
I was skiing last weekend.
I've gotten used to this.
There's nothing we can do here.
I stayed seated.
Why weren't more people there?
Perhaps I ought to tell Tom that I don't like him anymore.
I was thirty at that time.
I've come to pick you up.
This song brings back memories.
I slept outside.
Why don't you want to do that?
I can't do much else at this time.
I was trying to teach Tom how to play that song yesterday.
I wasn't assertive enough.
I've already checked out.
We can't do what you're asking.
I slept an hour.
Why don't you like me anymore?
I'm going over to Tom's to help him clean out his garage.
I wonder who that man was.
I've already checked in.
Are you the one who wanted this?
I skipped lunch.
Why do you want me to do that?
I can't do that until next Monday.
I could've gone to Boston with Tom, but I didn't want to.
I'd love to do that again.
Doesn't that seem ironic to you?
I shut the door.
Why didn't you get any apples?
Tom wants to know if he can keep that book you sent him.
I'll be in town on Monday.
I'm the one who did that.
Everybody ran out into the hall.
I should've won.
What have you got in that box?
I didn't think I was being unkind.
Tom says if you do that, Mary will probably yell at you.
I'll get there eventually.
I'm sure I won't like it.
How much money do you have left?
I should try it.
We've made no commitments yet.
Tom advised me to sell the farm and live somewhere else.
I'll lend you my textbook.
I'm so ashamed of myself.
It's time for us to get serious.
I shifted gears.
We're going to miss you a lot.
I don't even have a pair of shoes.
I would think Tom would be very glad to do that for you.
I'll try it again tonight.
I'm reluctant to do that.
Let's talk about global warming.
I set the timer.
We're going to do what we can.
I didn't want to say anything that might make Tom angry.
I'm already working on it.
I'm feeling a lot better.
Mary is charming and attractive.
I set the table.
We should've done this sooner.
I get ear infections all the time.
Tom said to tell you he's sorry he can't be here today.
I'm not expecting anybody.
I'm doing that right now.
Mary threw her purse on the bed.
I sensed danger.
We never should've gone there.
Tom said I looked thinner than the last time he saw me.
I'm not sure who did that.
I'm afraid I'll get lost.
Maybe we should stop doing this.
I seldom go out.
We need you to do that for us.
I get headaches from time to time.
One of us will have to drive over and see Tom tomorrow.
I'm one of your neighbors.
I work eight hours a day.
No one told me what I should do.
We had no idea what to expect.
Tom and Mary have been married for almost three years.
I'm told I was a cute kid.
I went surfing yesterday.
One of those girls is my sister.
I sat back down.
We don't do this often enough.
I had no money on me at that time.
Tom hasn't been home since he graduated from college.
I've already done enough.
I was terrified to death.
One of those guys is my brother.
I read the note.
We appreciate your being here.
Please don't say anything to Tom about my being here.
I've done enough already.
I was painting a picture.
Some people think I'm eccentric.
I ran to school.
This isn't what I had in mind.
I have friends all over the world.
I stay with Tom whenever his parents are out of town.
I've already eaten supper.
I was homeless last year.
That happens to me all the time.
I ran for cover.
These golf clubs are for sale.
I've already done everything Tom has asked me to do.
I was allowed to do that.
That's just not going to happen.
I paid the rent.
There's nothing we need to do.
I haven't been to Boston in years.
I'm trying to be as much like Tom as I possibly can.
I've just moved to Boston.
I was advised to do that.
Things are just getting started.
I paid the fare.
There's no money in my wallet.
Do you think Tom knew that that was going to happen?
I've never ridden a horse.
I wanted to do that, too.
This happens to me all the time.
I paid by check.
There were firemen everywhere.
I haven't even looked at that yet.
A man as old as Tom doesn't make new friends easily.
I've never studied French.
I used to be the manager.
This is more than enough for me.
I ordered lunch.
The door was already unlocked.
Who do you think speaks French better, Tom or Mary?
I always do that by myself.
I try not to be wasteful.
This isn't French. It's English.
I often do this.
That's enough food for a week.
I haven't had time to tidy up yet.
Tom washes his face every morning before breakfast.
I always go home for lunch.
I tried to act impressed.
We can't give you what you want.
I never was shy.
Please show me how to do that.
Tom told Mary not to worry about what might happen.
I always wanted a daughter.
I stayed here all summer.
You'd better eat something, too.
I needed a bath.
Please do the same thing I do.
I haven't made up my mind on that.
Tom thought Mary would want him to do that for her.
I always wear a blue shirt.
I seldom use power tools.
Are you speaking from experience?
I must be wrong.
Not everyone wants to be here.
Tom and I have decided to go to Boston next summer.
I always worry about money.
I read the whole article.
Aren't you growing tired of this?
I may still win.
Mary is prettier than you are.
I haven't missed a single meeting.
Tom and I had a long talk the night before he died.
I asked Mary out on a date.
I plan to move to Boston.
Can I have another piece of cake?
I may need help.
Make sure you're here by 2:30.
Perhaps when Tom and I are older we'll get married.
I ate my lunch a while ago.
I often wear blue shirts.
How would you like to go with us?
I may come back.
Look at the mess we have here.
I kept a diary when I was younger.
It would've been better if Tom hadn't married Mary.
I believe that'll happen.
I often hum while I work.
Is that man over there a teacher?
I married young.
Let's have some fun, shall we?
I've already done everything Tom has told me to do.
I brought a bottle of wine.
I may come here tomorrow.
Mary forgot her purse in her car.
I made us lunch.
It's going to be fun, I think.
I knocked over a jug and broke it.
I'll have to ask Tom to come over and do it for me.
I came here to play tennis.
I know that you're smart.
Mary is a very good-looking girl.
I made pancakes.
It's been windy all afternoon.
I went to the same school that Tom is going to now.
I can't hold on any longer.
I have one of those, too.
Maybe everything'll go all right.
I made a speech.
It's been a tough year for me.
I think I may have killed someone.
I don't know how many brothers and sisters Tom has.
I did really well, I think.
I hardly ever wear a hat.
Put that back where you found it.
I made a U-turn.
It might be snowing in Boston.
Tom worked as a teacher in Boston for a few years.
I didn't do that very well.
I got out of bed quickly.
The teacher says I'm a smart kid.
I love to drive.
Don't you remember my promise?
I think we could've done that better.
Tom says if you don't do that, Mary will be angry.
I don't care who does that.
I enjoy horseback riding.
I love children.
Don't you dare try to do that.
Tom said there was something we had to talk about.
I don't care who does this.
I don't use paper towels.
We can't give you any more money.
I lost the race.
Don't underestimate the enemy.
I think things are getting better.
I've never told Tom about what we did that summer.
I don't do that very often.
I don't think I'm biased.
We have a lot of mashed potatoes.
I looked inside.
Doing this is a waste of time.
I'm sure that Tom didn't mean to be disrespectful.
I don't like chopping wood.
I don't often wear a hat.
We have a lot of things to do today.
I lit the stove.
Doing that would've been easy.
I thought it would be here by now.
I never wanted to do anything Tom suggested we do.
I don't think I'm immature.
I don't often tell jokes.
Dancing makes me feel young again.
I liked to draw.
Didn't I tell you not to sing?
Tom said we could ask him any questions we liked.
I don't think I'm neurotic.
I don't have that choice.
Does this bus go the Hilton Hotel?
I liked it, too.
Did you think I looked scared?
I volunteer at a homeless shelter.
I want to thank you for what you've done for Tom.
I drew a picture of a tree.
I already know the truth.
How could anyone ever forget that?
I like to skate.
Did you come here last Monday?
Tom was talking to me about that this afternoon.
I drove as fast as I could.
I've stopped doing that.
How could you ask me such a thing?
I like the idea.
Batteries are sold separately.
I want to learn more about Boston.
Tom told me that I needed to be more aggressive.
I grew a beard last summer.
I've never seen a whale.
How dangerous would doing that be?
I like that one.
You'll go with us, won't you?
Tom told Mary where she could buy imported wine.
I have to be there at 2:30.
I've hired a new lawyer.
How did this magazine get started?
I like redheads.
Why don't you guys like me?
I won't survive without your help.
Tom couldn't have done that by himself, I think.
I haven't eaten much today.
I've grown used to this.
How did you come up with the idea?
I like lacrosse.
Why didn't you bring it home?
I'd be very careful if I were you.
I didn't show Tom the pictures he wanted to see.
I intend to move to Boston.
I've been so happy here.
How did you end up in foster care?
I knocked again.
Why are you doing this again?
I'll try and not mention it again.
How can you stand being around Tom all the time?
I did it just for fun.
I've already fixed that.
How did you get into my apartment?
I knew all that.
Why are we listening to this?
I'll try not to forget to do that.
You don't like Tom and me the same way, do you?
I just wasn't ready for it.
How did you guys end up in Boston?
I kept laughing.
Who wouldn't want to do that?
I'll wait here until you get back.
Tom said he was sorry that he couldn't help me.
I keep bumping into things.
I've already had lunch.
How do you know they're Canadians?
I kept fighting.
Who said I wouldn't be there?
I'm happier now than I used to be.
Tom is just as good a tennis player as Mary is.
I knew it was time to stop.
How do you plan to deal with that?
I kept climbing.
What inspired you to do that?
I'm no longer planning to do that.
Tom is beginning to look a lot like his father.
I knew you would like this.
I'm too weak to do that.
How else can we feed our families?
I kept cleaning.
What do you have in that box?
I'm not as rich as you think I am.
People Tom's age don't make new friends easily.
I listen to a lot of music.
I'm prepared to do that.
How good is your office door lock?
I just shrugged.
We've got to quit doing this.
I'm not as weak as you think I am.
It's kind of disappointing that Tom isn't here.
I love both Mary and Alice.
I'm already over thirty.
How long have you been doing that?
I just listened.
We used to often play tennis.
I'm one of Mr. Jackson's students.
I wonder if Tom looks anything like his father.
I'm already on the list.
How long will it take to fix this?
I heard a shout.
We often sing hymns together.
I'm right here where I'm supposed to be.
I told everyone that Tom would be here by 2:30.
I never was very practical.
I'm already a bit tipsy.
How many deals are you working on?
I have red hair.
We haven't changed the rules.
I'm surprised I made it to thirty.
I don't think Tom really planned on doing that.
I never was very talkative.
I'll always be with you.
How many girlfriends have you had?
I have no alibi.
We don't know what'll happen.
I'm the one who broke that window.
I don't know how many aunts and uncles Tom has.
I never would've said that.
I'd like to do that now.
How much are they prepared to pay?
I have insomnia.
We do this almost every week.
I'm the worst singer in the group.
You should've already discussed that with Tom.
I often eat breakfast here.
I worked here last year.
How much are you willing to spend?
I have freckles.
This is where I want to live.
I'm uncomfortable around children.
The road between here and Tom's is pretty bad.
I often wear black clothes.
I won't stop doing this.
How much did your helicopter cost?
I have big lips.
This is no time to be joking.
I've been here since this morning.
Neither Tom nor Mary know how to speak French.
I sat at the bar by myself.
I won't stay any longer.
How much do you know about Boston?
I have big feet.
This hotel was built in 2013.
I almost forgot to mail the letter.
Neither Tom nor Mary has ever been to Boston.
I seem to be unlucky today.
I wasn't here yesterday.
How much have you invested so far?
I have big eyes.
There's still a lot of learn.
I always go to bed before midnight.
I've heard that you and Tom were engaged once.
I seldom go out after dark.
I was eating over there.
How much is that going to come to?
I have big ears.
There's a lot to prepare for.
I came here a lot when I was a kid.
I'm going over to Tom's to ask him to help us.
I seldom talk about myself.
I wanted to stay longer.
How much life insurance do I need?
I have bad eyes.
There isn't any toilet paper.
I can't do that unless you help me.
I want you to go to Boston with Tom next week.
I should be there with you.
I think I was efficient.
How much longer do I have to wait?
I have an alibi.
The park is closed on Monday.
I don't go anywhere without my dog.
I knew Tom couldn't have done this by himself.
I skipped school yesterday.
I sometimes steal stuff.
How much money did you lose today?
I have ambition.
The game was pretty exciting.
I don't have any friends in Boston.
You don't need to tell Tom. He already knows.
I sometimes drive too fast.
I slept for three hours.
How much water do you drink a day?
I have a ticket.
That's absolutely ridiculous.
I don't think I've changed so much.
Tom wouldn't let anybody do anything for him.
I think we're all confused.
I seldom stay out late.
How much were you paid to do that?
I have a lawyer.
Our team isn't likely to win.
I haven't done that in a long time.
Tom thinks he speaks French better than Mary.
I thought you already knew.
I seldom go to concerts.
How often do you buy a toothbrush?
I have a guitar.
My plan is better than yours.
I haven't yet deleted any messages.
Tom said he thought I looked like I was bored.
I thought you'd come today.
I seldom go out anymore.
How often does the committee meet?
I have a goatee.
I just wasn't ready to do that yet.
Tom paid no attention to what Mary was doing.
I waited there for a while.
I really do love Boston.
How old are the tires on your car?
I hate homework.
Mary seldom uses nail polish.
I know I could've done that better.
Tom is coming over Monday evening for dinner.
I was never a good swimmer.
I peeked inside the box.
How should I answer this question?
I had shorts on.
Mary is wearing a blue dress.
I know that you don't speak French.
Tom has been very lonely since his wife died.
I was poor three years ago.
I often wear sunglasses.
How should this matter be handled?
I had one child.
Mary is as beautiful as ever.
I know the answer to that question.
That boy over there told me his name was Tom.
I was the one who did that.
I never was very strong.
How will we feed all these people?
I had four aces.
Mary is a very elegant woman.
I know you're just being sarcastic.
I've already given Tom what he really wanted.
I wasn't surprised by that.
I never was pessimistic.
It doesn't hurt that much anymore.
I had a bad day.
Mary is a plain-looking girl.
I might be able to do that for you.
I thought of something that we could do, Tom.
I won't ask you to do that.
I never wanted you here.
Mary is a very good-looking woman.
I guessed wrong.
Mary gave away all her dolls.
I need to find a way to get inside.
I really think Tom is improving a great deal.
I won't be at home tonight.
I need everybody's help.
Mary is a very hard-working woman.
I got well soon.
It's time to stop doing this.
I try to always have a backup plan.
I have no idea why Tom wasn't here yesterday.
I won't go there by myself.
I left my phone at home.
Mary is more beautiful than Alice.
I got very sick.
It's going to be challenging.
I was the best swimmer on the team.
I frequently go fishing with Tom on weekends.
I wonder what we should do.
I know all this already.
Mary is wearing a beautiful dress.
I got suspended.
It's been a challenging year.
I went back to Boston last weekend.
I don't work as many hours a day as Tom does.
I wonder who that lady was.
I have a ticket already.
Mary is young and very attractive.
I got here late.
It was really windy that day.
Can Tom really speak French better than Mary?
I would do that if I could.
I have a new girlfriend.
Please don't try to do that again.
I got depressed.
It makes me feel young again.
I'd never allow that happen to you.
Tom has got nobody to look after him but me.
I'm seldom late for school.
I guess you can have it.
That isn't likely to happen today.
I got beaten up.
It didn't happen by accident.
I'm not as lucky as you think I am.
Tom has been trying to teach me how to cook.
I'm the one who needs help.
I don't often come here.
That's probably not actually true.
I found my bike.
I'm not as naive as you think I am.
Tom asked me who the girl with red hair was.
I'm thin, but not too thin.
This is a nice-looking campground.
I felt nauseous.
How is the weather in Boston?
I'm not as smart as you think I am.
Pay Tom back the thirty dollars you owe him.
I'm very open to new ideas.
I don't like doing that.
When will you be coming to Boston?
I felt homesick.
How do you know how old I am?
I'm not as tough as you think I am.
I wonder if Tom could tell us where Mary is.
I've already arranged that.
I didn't wait very long.
You're too young to be doing that.
I felt helpless.
Do you plan to have children?
I'm not buying anything else today.
I wonder how much money Tom has in the bank.
I've already set the table.
I did what everyone did.
Actually, that's probably not true.
I felt excluded.
Can I have some more pudding?
I'm not going to bother doing that.
I was the one who taught Tom how to do that.
I've already told everyone.
I did that just for fun.
Are you the person who wanted this?
I felt confused.
Are you still in high school?
I'm pretty sure that it won't work.
I think Tom would've liked to be here today.
I've been awake since 6:30.
I couldn't help smiling.
Doing that will be a waste of time.
I feel insecure.
You'll never get bored here.
I've already decided where to live.
I overheard Tom and Mary talking about John.
I've never eaten Thai food.
I always get up at 7:30.
Have you finally made up your mind?
I fed the horse.
Why are you working so late?
I've already published three books.
I never told Tom what he was supposed to do.
I've never lived in Boston.
I always get up at 6:30.
How are we better than any of them?
I fed the goats.
Who would want to live here?
I've already taken out the garbage.
I can't believe Tom really wants to do that.
I've told you that already.
I already knew about it.
How can people do things like this?
I eat out a lot.
What's the matter with this?
I've already taken the garbage out.
I can't believe Tom really plans to do that.
I almost forgot to buy milk.
I already have a ticket.
How can something like this happen?
I drove to work.
What did the specialist say?
I've caused enough trouble already.
Did Tom ever tell you what Mary looked like?
I already have one of these.
I almost died yesterday.
How come you didn't get any apples?
I didn't object.
We're going to have to move.
I already know what my opinions are.
Tom said that it looked like I was worried.
I already know what's wrong.
I almost always do that.
How come you don't like me anymore?
I didn't flinch.
We need to create more jobs.
I already know what your opinion is.
Tom said that he thought I was incompetent.
I always sleep on the floor.
I've already said yes.
How could we have been so careless?
I didn't buy it.
We hope that you'll do that.
I always eat before going to school.
Tom is the only close friend I've got here.
I always try to be friendly.
I'm sometimes careless.
How did you first get into cycling?
I did that, too.
We have to create more jobs.
I came here almost thirty years ago.
Tom doesn't know whether to do that or not.
I always try to help others.
I wore a hat yesterday.
How did you fracture your shoulder?
I did just that.
We have a chance of winning.
I can't believe you really did that.
Tom could've done that by himself, I think.
I always wear a tie to work.
I won't argue with you.
How did you get interested in wine?
I did just fine.
We don't do this very often.
I didn't have to wait for very long.
Tom and Mary sang "Happy Birthday" to John.
I believe that won't happen.
I wish you would leave.
How did you get into this business?
I did all right.
This is the one I like best.
I don't know what I should be doing.
I think I need to do something to help Tom.
I don't want to give up yet.
I was told to be quiet.
How do we explain this to the kids?
I cook with gas.
This is just what we needed.
I don't know what I'll do next week.
I might go running with Tom this afternoon.
I drank too much last night.
I was the last in line.
How do you decide what to focus on?
I chose to wait.
This is all we can give you.
I don't like Chinese food very much.
I lived with Tom in Boston for three years.
I hardly ever win arguments.
I was crazy to do that.
How do you decide what's important?
I can wait here.
They're refusing to do that.
I don't often stay up late at night.
I convinced Tom not to go there by himself.
I have a girlfriend already.
I tried to remain calm.
How do you fix something like that?
I can drive now.
There's no way that'll work.
I have to get out of this situation.
Tom wouldn't be able do that any better.
I have friends in Australia.
I thought we were done.
How do you know if you were hacked?
I came too late.
There were boxes everywhere.
I haven't been on a date in so long.
Tom has many friends who can speak French.
I knocked on the door again.
I think I do good work.
How do you know that was the cause?
I came prepared.
The movie is about to start.
I haven't been to the gym this week.
That man told me his name was Tom Jackson.
I know you'll agree with me.
I sometimes exaggerate.
How do you plan on paying for this?
I came in first.
The class is about to start.
I hope you're not trying to fool us.
Perhaps I ought to tell Tom what happened.
I may have to give a speech.
I seldom win arguments.
How do you relax in your free time?
I called a taxi.
That's not impossible to do.
I knew that this would happen again.
I'm so glad you and Tom get along so well.
I never wore that hat again.
I seldom eat breakfast.
How do you think that made me feel?
I burped loudly.
That won't happen overnight.
I look young compared to my husband.
I'll never forgive myself for hitting Tom.
I sing pretty well, I think.
I promise I'll do that.
How do you think we should do this?
I burned myself.
That wasn't what I expected.
I never was much of a tennis player.
I wonder if Tom could do anything to help.
I think I was too ambitious.
I often walk to school.
How does Boston compare to Chicago?
I brought a pie.
That isn't likely to happen.
I never was very good at basketball.
I thought maybe I shouldn't tell Tom that.
I think I'd like to do that.
I occasionally do that.
How does this affect your business?
I broke the law.
Someone's waiting to see us.
I stepped aside to let the men pass.
I stopped Tom from doing something stupid.
I was Mr. Jackson's student.
I never work on Sunday.
How far is it to the zoo from here?
I broke the cup.
Please wait a little longer.
I thought we could do that together.
I just don't think what Tom did was right.
I was cute when I was a kid.
I never was successful.
How hot is it going to be tomorrow?
I bet on horses.
Please don't ask me to sing.
I tried the door, but it was locked.
I don't think that what Tom did was right.
I was dirty when I got home.
I never was overweight.
How is the situation different now?
I behaved badly.
Our vacation is almost over.
I wouldn't be opposed to doing that.
I don't believe Tom will ever get married.
I won't make dinner for you.
I never was optimistic.
How likely is this to happen again?
I began working.
Our house was built in 2013.
I'm already pretty good at swimming.
Did you notice how tired Tom looked today?
I would leave if I were you.
I need to take it easy.
How long have you been a carpenter?
I began running.
Mary won the beauty contest.
I'm awfully sorry I've made you cry.
Tom says that I always talk about myself.
I'd like to try that myself.
I might be there early.
How long is your commute to school?
I ate the salad.
Mary was wearing a fur coat.
I'm glad that your arm isn't broken.
Tom has no intention of marrying anybody.
I'll find out what happened.
I like basketball, too.
How many employees have you fired?
I ate an orange.
Mary wants to be an actress.
I'm often accused of being arrogant.
Tom and Mary are in love with each other.
I'll leave Boston on Monday.
I just love basketball.
How much are they going to pay you?
I ate all of it.
Mary still plays with dolls.
I'm the only person who can do this.
That sounds like something Tom might say.
I'm not in Boston right now.
I hope I wasn't boring.
How much can you make mowing lawns?
I arrived first.
Mary is prettier than Alice.
I've already been to the bank today.
Neither Tom nor Mary knows how to do that.
I'm not sure what'll change.
I had a cold last week.
How much cash do you usually carry?
I arrived early.
Mary is a good-looking girl.
I've already called for a tow truck.
I've already given Tom what he asked for.
I'm pleased with the result.
I don't read very fast.
How much did you really understand?
I almost smiled.
Mary has a very pretty face.
I've already decided not to do that.
I'd like for you to do something for Tom.
I can wait if you want me to.
I don't need this much.
How much is this costing taxpayers?
I've done time.
Mary had her handbag stolen.
I've already decided who to go with.
I thought you liked Tom better than John.
I can't do that without help.
I do a lot of swimming.
How much longer do we have to wait?
I've been sick.
Make sure you lock the door.
I've never needed to do this before.
I never would've asked Tom that question.
I can't do this without help.
I can't sell my things.
How much longer do we need to wait?
I've been hurt.
It's definitely frustrating.
I already have enough to worry about.
You have to do what Tom tells you to do.
I could've done a better job.
I can't open this door.
How much storage space do you need?
I've been away.
It's a school, not a prison.
I always know how to get things done.
Tom said that he thought I looked happy.
I did what everyone else did.
I can't answer you now.
How new are your windshield wipers?
I'm vulnerable.
It may be snowing in Boston.
I came home earlier than usual today.
Tom said he didn't have time to do that.
I don't need this much money.
I brought this with me.
How often do you buy bottled water?
I'm very tough.
Have you changed the filter?
I can't believe you really said that.
Tom planted these trees a long time ago.
I don't need this much stuff.
I bought a down jacket.
How reliant are you on electricity?
I'm very messy.
Everyone knows you did that.
I can't tell you about what happened.
Tom is so different from John, isn't he?
I don't often wear corduroys.
I ate my lunch earlier.
How soon can we get away from here?
I'm very blunt.
Does this make sense to you?
I don't believe you really mean that.
That sounds like something Tom might do.
I don't think I'm unbeatable.
I always do the dishes.
How will we know what has happened?
I'm still sick.
Can you handle the pressure?
I don't care how much money you make.
I've already told Tom what I plan to do.
I don't think I'm very funny.
I always carry a knife.
Is that man over there your friend?
I'm scared now.
Are your eyes troubling you?
I don't have to do that until Monday.
I've already explained the rules to Tom.
I don't think I'm very petty.
I almost never do that.
It's dangerous for us to stay here.
I'm recovering.
Are you planning to do that?
I have enough to worry about already.
I told Tom it was OK for him to do that.
I don't think we can do that.
I almost died that day.
It's not as hot here as I expected.
I'm quite weak.
You'd better make one, too.
I have some friends who want to help.
I just called Tom, but he didn't answer.
I fried an egg for breakfast.
I've already resigned.
Mary is more attractive than Alice.
I'm quite tall.
Why are they staring at us?
I hope you're not trying to cheat us.
I haven't yet read the message from Tom.
I guess it might be possible.
I'm your new neighbor.
Mary wore a red ribbon in her hair.
I'm quite rich.
Who should we speak to now?
I knew you would do something stupid.
I have already spoken to Tom about that.
I hardly ever have headaches.
I'm sure I'll succeed.
Mary's wedding dress was beautiful.
I'm quite poor.
What time did you get here?
I knocked over the vase and broke it.
I gave a speech at Tom's birthday party.
I have everything I need now.
I'm so glad I met you.
Maybe that law needs to be changed.
I'm quite lazy.
What does this mean to you?
I like to complain about the weather.
I don't think Tom would let you do that.
I have never skipped a class.
I'm really very happy.
I'm pretty old.
What did you do about that?
I often take a walk before breakfast.
I didn't understand everything Tom said.
I haven't done that in years.
I'm not yet convinced.
There's nothing else we need to do.
I'm on the job.
We've got three games left.
I put a spoonful of sugar in the tea.
We had a welcome party for Tom Jackson.
I hope nobody feels that way.
I'm not always honest.
Things aren't always this exciting.
I'm not stoned.
We're not afraid of anyone.
I retired when I was sixty years old.
Tom wrote back that wouldn't be coming.
I knew I had something to do.
I'm irritated by that.
We consider that a serious problem.
I'm not family.
We're both very happy here.
I seldom drink coffee in the evening.
Tom would do almost anything for money.
I may not come to your party.
I'm going to be there.
We have a lot things on sale today.
I'm just a boy.
We're both very frightened.
I thought the concert was quite good.
Tom has never told a story in his life.
I now know why that happened.
I'm already in Boston.
We've been busy doing other things.
I'm in my room.
We're all praying for rain.
I thought the price was kind of high.
Tom and Mary walked to school together.
I seldom go hiking by myself.
I wore this yesterday.
You're pretty stubborn, aren't you.
I'm here again.
We'll be leaving on Monday.
I was just about to start doing that.
It was your bicycle that I sold to Tom.
I think I did OK on the test.
I won't sing with you.
All I want to do right now is sleep.
I'm growing up.
We got off to a good start.
I was just pretending I was sleeping.
I'm doing everything I can to help Tom.
I think perhaps I'll do that.
I won't give you that.
Are you planning on having children?
I'm going deaf.
We don't know who did that.
I'd like to do that with you someday.
I told Tom not to tell Mary about that.
I think we'll always be here.
I was just going home.
Do you know those people over there?
I'm frustrated.
We didn't have any warning.
I'll do whatever I can to assist you.
I thought you liked Tom better than me.
I was advised not to do that.
I was inside, waiting.
Do you think what I did was helpful?
I'm displeased.
We didn't change the rules.
I'll do whatever it takes to succeed.
I suppose Tom has changed a great deal.
I was happy with the results.
I tried to be evasive.
Doing that would've been ridiculous.
I'm busy again.
We couldn't go any further.
I'll do whatever it takes to survive.
Does Tom speak French better than Mary?
I was popular in high school.
I think nobody's home.
How are we going to cross the river?
I'm bummed out.
We can't have it both ways.
I'm determined to do the right thing.
What's the real reason Tom isn't here?
I was very sick at that time.
I think I was amusing.
How are you promoting your business?
I'm being sued.
We can't give you anything.
I'm the one who paid for the tickets.
Tom told Mary not to worry about that.
I don't wear a tie every day.
I think I saw a ghost.
How can we do this faster next time?
I'm badly hurt.
This won't fix the problem.
I've been accused of being dishonest.
Tom said he thought I was charismatic.
I won't answer that question.
I seldom go to church.
How come this never happened before?
I'm back early.
This is my first time here.
I've rented a room not far from here.
Tom said he thought I seemed confused.
I won't be paid until Monday.
I seldom drink coffee.
How could anyone disagree with that?
I'm back again.
This is just what I needed.
I always wanted to be rich and famous.
Tom never puts raisins in his oatmeal.
I wonder how much that costs.
I read a lot of books.
How could that possibly help people?
I'm an outcast.
This is highly recommended.
I believe in always telling the truth.
Tom is a better musician than Mary is.
I worked there for three years.
I never walk barefoot.
How could you do that to an old man?
I'm an athlete.
Think carefully about this.
I couldn't eat everything on my plate.
Tom always does what needs to be done.
I'd like you to do something.
I never walk anywhere.
How could you let them kill our son?
I'm an amateur.
They may be busy right now.
I didn't arrive until it was too late.
I was kind of surprised Tom said that.
I'm always happy to help out.
I love Mary's perfume.
How do you deal with writer's block?
I'm an acrobat.
These are half price today.
I didn't deserve the punishment I got.
I really must speak to Tom about that.
I'm fairly talented, I think.
I hope I can help you.
How do you find time for everything?
I'm already up.
That's part of the problem.
I didn't know it was wrong to do this.
I never would've asked Tom to do that.
I'm feeling a lot better now.
I hardly ever do that.
How do you find time to write music?
I'm a weakling.
Pets can be very expensive.
I didn't like the way the movie ended.
I might try to talk to Tom about that.
I'm going to propose to Mary.
I got dressed quickly.
How do you know the door was locked?
I'm a teenager.
Perhaps I was a bit greedy.
I didn't think that this would happen.
I have no intention of voting for Tom.
I'm in love with you already.
I don't have a butler.
How do you relax in your spare time?
I'm a survivor.
Nobody knows what happened.
I do hope everything will go smoothly.
I don't know how many cousins Tom has.
I'm not interested in sports.
I do a lot of cooking.
How do you think we should fix this?
I'm a southpaw.
Mary makes her own clothes.
I don't do that as often as I used to.
I carried Tom upstairs to his bedroom.
I'm not leaving anytime soon.
I didn't wait in line.
How fast can you drive on this road?
I'm a sculptor.
Mary is wearing high heels.
I don't have any friends in Australia.
I asked Tom to tell me what he wanted.
I'm not sure what's going on.
I can't do that today.
How good a baseball player were you?
I'm a romantic.
Mary is tall and beautiful.
I guess I have no choice but to fight.
Did Tom come to the party with anyone?
I'm pretty excited right now.
I can't back down now.
How has getting married changed you?
I'm a reporter.
Mary is knitting a sweater.
I have a map in the glove compartment.
Can't you suggest something else, Tom?
I'm pretty outgoing, I think.
I can run really fast.
How has that helped you in this job?
I'm a preacher.
Mary is a really nice lady.
I haven't had to pay for anything yet.
You must do what Tom tells you to do.
I'm quite good at doing that.
I can already do that.
How long can we continue doing this?
I'm a newcomer.
Let's go down to the river.
I haven't really thought about it yet.
We have to get ready for Tom's visit.
I've got to start doing that.
I came here by myself.
How long does it take to walk there?
I'm a minister.
It's definitely a nuisance.
I hope that doesn't ever happen again.
Tom's father died when he was a baby.
I've learned a lot of things.
I believe I was wrong.
How long has your roof been leaking?
I'm a mechanic.
It's becoming more popular.
I know that you don't want to do that.
Tom wanted to name his daughter Mary.
I've learned from my mistake.
I believe I was right.
How many countries have you been to?
I'm a magician.
It's a dangerous situation.
I never want to talk about this again.
Tom wanted to know what was going on.
I've seen this movie already.
I'm tired of reading.
How many hot dogs do you sell a day?
I'm a handyman.
It was very cold in Boston.
I never was very interested in sports.
Tom told Mary not to worry about him.
I always get up at six-thirty.
I'm the bashful type.
How many jobs do you have right now?
I'm a good boy.
It was extremely difficult.
I seldom feel like doing that anymore.
Tom isn't as old as I thought he was.
I always sit in the front row.
I'm still doing that.
How much are you going to charge us?
I'm a gardener.
It happened really quickly.
I seldom read books written in French.
Tom is the one who actually did that.
I always try to avoid trouble.
I'm proud of my work.
How much damage did the storm cause?
I'm a fugitive.
It feels weird not working.
I started eating before everyone else.
Tom is the former owner of this club.
I can't communicate with them.
I'm hardly ever late.
How much did you spend last weekend?
I'm a designer.
Is it difficult to do that?
I stayed awake for as long as I could.
Tom and Mary rented John's old house.
I'm going to save it.
How much do they pay you to do that?
I'm a crusader.
Hot dogs are three dollars.
I was a spy when I was in my thirties.
Maybe I shouldn't have told Tom that.
I deeply regret that decision.
I'm finished already.
How much life insurance do you need?
I'm a botanist.
Don't let anybody fool you.
I was kind of surprised you said that.
I'd like you to do something for Tom.
I didn't go jogging yesterday.
I'm already standing.
How much money have you made so far?
I'm a bookworm.
Do you think I look strong?
I was the first one here this morning.
I guess I'll wait till Tom gets here.
I didn't know what that meant.
I'm already a father.
How often do you use your telephone?
I'm a believer.
Do you know the bus driver?
I wonder how much you know about this.
I don't think Tom would've done that.
I didn't know what to believe.
I'll let you do that.
How often should you wash your hair?
I write poetry.
Do you ever wear a bow tie?
I'll be out of town until next Monday.
I can't believe Tom really said that.
I didn't want to shoot my dog.
I won't sing tonight.
How should this plan be carried out?
I work indoors.
You must be really hungry.
I'm getting tired of your complaining.
Tom wasn't the one who told me that.
I don't have to do that today.
I won't eat anything.
How well do you know your neighbors?
I wore a hoody.
Why do we have to go home?
I'm too old to do something like that.
Tom wasn't the one who gave me that.
I don't like punk rock at all.
I wish I were famous.
How will we get this done by Monday?
I won't starve.
Where do you go from here?
I've already seen that movie, I think.
Tom was never very friendly to Mary.
I don't think I'm a bad loser.
I went out by myself.
How will we overcome these problems?
I won't eat it.
What's your cousin's name?
I've met some interesting people here.
Tom was just as excited as Mary was.
I don't want to die in prison.
I wasn't too worried.
How worried should we be about that?
I won the game.
What do you want for that?
I've probably already seen that movie.
Tom said he thought I was insincere.
I had intended to go shopping.
I was wrong to do it.
How would you handle this situation?
I went outside.
What do you suppose it is?
I've told you that many times already.
Tom never was very friendly to Mary.
I had to wait for a long time.
I was on TV recently.
How would your friends describe you?
I wasn't fired.
We've fixed all the leaks.
I accidentally shot myself in the foot.
Tom didn't know it was wrong to lie.
I have no choice but to fight.
I was being truthful.
If you hadn't done that, I would've.
I wasn't armed.
We waited a little longer.
I always wear sunglasses, even indoors.
I hope you'll have a good time, Tom.
I have no pain, which is good.
I tried to look busy.
It took me a long time to get ready.
I was worn out.
We need to take a picture.
I bought one of those a few years back.
Don't you think Tom would like this?
I have no plans at this point.
I tried to keep warm.
It's not as cold here as I expected.
I was very sad.
We must hope for the best.
I could do this if I had a little help.
Tom wants to play tennis with Mary.
I have to give it back anyway.
I thought I was done.
Let's go out for a drink after work.
I was unharmed.
We might do that tomorrow.
I could refuse to do that, but I won't.
Tom said he'd do anything for Mary.
I have to make a note of that.
I think I'm likeable.
Perhaps I'm sometimes too secretive.
I was truthful.
We hope you enjoy it here.
I feel exactly the same way about that.
Tom said he thought I was creative.
I haven't been there in years.
I seldom eat seafood.
The murder weapon hasn't been found.
I was the star.
We have to do it together.
I haven't been on a date since October.
Tom is a better musician than Mary.
I haven't done much this week.
I seldom eat at home.
There's no way I can lose this time.
I was selected.
We have to deal with that.
I never wanted to go swimming as a kid.
Tom has been working in the garden.
I haven't eaten meat in years.
I refused to do that.
There's nothing else we can do here.
I was relieved.
We don't want to get lost.
I often leave dirty dishes in the sink.
Tom had no intention of going away.
I hope it doesn't ever happen.
I need some rest now.
You must be really tired and hungry.
I was punished.
We do all sorts of things.
I slept for three hours this afternoon.
Tom doesn't want to move to Boston.
I hope my prediction is wrong.
I may need your help.
Doing this makes me feel young again.
I was punctual.
We didn't have to do that.
I thought we would be in Boston by now.
I've never borrowed money from Tom.
I hope nobody feels like that.
I like to tell jokes.
Don't worry so much about the future.
I was promoted.
Things are well organized.
I took a thirty-minute nap after lunch.
I've already explained that to Tom.
I hope that didn't offend you.
I like teaching, too.
Have I said anything that isn't true?
I was prepared.
They've made improvements.
I try to never complain about the food.
I'll wait here until Tom gets here.
I hope they catch the shooter.
I let everybody down.
Have you finally finished doing that?
I was poisoned.
They wouldn't let me sing.
I was healthy up until three years ago.
I was the one who made Tom do that.
I hope they get it fixed soon.
I insisted on paying.
How are they going to get that fixed?
I was outraged.
They walked home together.
I was hoping we could do that together.
I was surprised that Tom said that.
I hope this advice is helpful.
I have a lot of cats.
How are they going to prove anything?
I was obedient.
They didn't want me there.
I wasn't ready to do that at that time.
I think Tom wouldn't be happy here.
I just can't thank you enough.
I failed three times.
How are you dealing with the problem?
I was left out.
That's not worth the risk.
I wish you could've been there with me.
I sometimes help Tom in the garden.
I just didn't want to do that.
I do a lot of skiing.
How are you enjoying the trip so far?
I was laid off.
That's not worth our time.
I'll do whatever it takes to stay here.
I owe Tom a real debt of gratitude.
I just didn't want to give up.
I cut my hair myself.
How are you going to cook the turkey?
I was inspired.
That's just how I like it.
I'm planning to go skiing next weekend.
I never told Tom much about myself.
I just don't have enough time.
I can't tell you why.
How are you going to pay for college?
I was in agony.
That's just an accusation.
I've already told you that three times.
I might be able to do that for Tom.
I just don't have that choice.
I've found the leak.
How can I be sure I'm doing it right?
I was homesick.
That was very scary to me.
I've been dealing with major back pain.
I know both Tom and Mary very well.
I just don't think it's right.
I've been fortunate.
How can I delete photos from my iPad?
I was gullible.
That never occurred to me.
I've caused you enough trouble already.
I haven't seen Tom since breakfast.
I just had the carpet cleaned.
I'm pretty athletic.
How can you tell which one is a fake?
I was ecstatic.
Please don't make me sing.
I've never seen Mary this upset before.
I had a long talk with Tom tonight.
I just wish I could get a job.
I'm not that naïve.
How could I expect you to understand?
I was discreet.
Our team is likely to win.
I almost always eat breakfast by myself.
I found my bike behind Tom's house.
I knew I had to buy something.
I'm not eating that.
How could they have gotten that idea?
I was deported.
Mary's dress is too short.
I always call my mother on her birthday.
I don't want to be too hard on Tom.
I knew both of them very well.
I'm not a terrorist.
How could you wait in line that long?
I was defeated.
Mary screamed and fainted.
I always dreamed of being a billionaire.
I don't shave as often as Tom does.
I knew it was going to happen.
I'm not a good cook.
How did you acquire that information?
I was abducted.
Mary is prettier than you.
I don't care what people think about me.
I don't like the way Tom does that.
I knew that this would happen.
I'm not a barbarian.
How did you do that without any help?
I wanted money.
Mary is a wonderful woman.
I don't know anyone who lives in Boston.
I didn't like the way Tom did that.
I knew you would do something.
I'm no longer bored.
How did you get started in wrestling?
I wanted a job.
Let's not eat out tonight.
I don't know anyone who plays the banjo.
Did Tom bring anybody to the party?
I know I could've done better.
I'm kind of thirsty.
How did you know I wanted to do that?
I want updates.
Let's not do this anymore.
I don't like riding a bicycle very much.
Are you going to break up with Tom?
I know I was wrong about that.
I'm a bit skeptical.
How did you know who to give that to?
I want results.
Let's have lunch together.
I forgot to give you back your umbrella.
Tom thinks that Mary will do that.
I know better than to do that.
I'll dance with you.
How do I get to the American Embassy?
I walk quickly.
It's difficult to do that.
I forgot to return your umbrella to you.
Tom says he understood everything.
I know it was partly my fault.
I watch a lot of TV.
How do you decide what songs to play?
I took the job.
It's difficult to analyze.
I got better after taking that medicine.
Tom didn't invite me to his party.
I know you're being sarcastic.
I was too ambitious.
How do you enforce these regulations?
I took a break.
It's been cloudy all week.
I haven't eaten any meat in a long time.
Tom didn't ask any more questions.
I left Boston three years ago.
I tried to stand up.
How do you prove something like that?
I talked a lot.
It wasn't really so scary.
I haven't had a vacation in a long time.
I was like Tom when I was his age.
I lived there for a few years.
I sometimes stutter.
How hard can it really be to do that?
I studied hard.
It was pretty spectacular.
I knew I had to do something about that.
I moved as quickly as I could.
I seldom wear a hat.
How has motherhood changed your life?
I stole a boat.
It was a great experience.
I need to find a way to get out of here.
I wanted to go to Boston with Tom.
I must agree with you on this.
I seldom skip meals.
How have your reading habits changed?
I stole a base.
Go back home to Australia.
I thought you would be there last night.
I now know why Tom didn't like me.
I never was much of a swimmer.
I often shop online.
How large will the price increase be?
I stayed quiet.
Do you think I look happy?
I tried to run away, but they caught me.
I never told Tom that I liked him.
I said good night to everyone.
I often read in bed.
How long do I have to think about it?
I shut the lid.
Did you change the filter?
I was just trying to do the right thing.
I never asked Tom what he thought.
I seldom visit Boston anymore.
I never was unlucky.
How long do you plan to keep working?
I should relax.
All the children like you.
I would cry, too, I that happened to me.
I haven't seen much of Tom lately.
I spoke as quietly as I could.
I needed more money.
How long have you lived in Australia?
I should be OK.
You're half an hour late.
I'd like for you to do something for me.
I don't know anyone who likes Tom.
I stepped back from the cliff.
I might not do that.
How long will it take you to do that?
I scream a lot.
You won't mind, will you?
I'd like to do that as soon as possible.
I always let Tom do what he wants.
I think I'm going to die soon.
I may still do that.
How many people would have done that?
I scare easily.
You must be really tired.
I'll do whatever I can to make it right.
Have you ever seen Tom doing that?
I think we can do it tomorrow.
I like strawberries.
How many times have you been burgled?
I saw a doctor.
Why can't we do that now?
I'll do whatever it takes to please you.
I think we're the better team.
I knew this already.
How many years have you played rugby?
I sat on a log.
Who said I wouldn't help?
I'm not always as polite as I should be.
Tom used to get advice from Mary.
I think we've had a good year.
I have news for you.
How much did you pay for those shoes?
I said goodbye.
What do you plan to sell?
I'm not opposed to going back to Boston.
Tom told me all about his family.
I think you did it on purpose.
I drove myself home.
How much difference can one man make?
I rented a car.
What do we need that for?
I'm pretty sure I can do this by myself.
Tom thought Mary worked for John.
I thought it was kind of cool.
I don't often smile.
How much do we have to pay to get in?
I ran for help.
We've been working on it.
I'm too old to wear something like that.
Tom thinks he's better than Mary.
I thought maybe I should stop.
I caught three fish.
How much do you know about Australia?
I put on a tie.
We're all pretty excited.
I've already drunk three cups of coffee.
Tom said he thought I'm charming.
I thought that was well known.
I can run very fast.
How much do you know about terrorism?
I plan to move.
We used to do that a lot.
I've been awake for three hours already.
Tom repeated what I said to Mary.
I totally agree with you both.
I've been disloyal.
How much does a three-year old weigh?
I painted that.
They've already fixed it.
I've drunk three cups of coffee already.
Tom never said he wasn't married.
I tried to be more aggressive.
I'm seldom at home.
How much has this cost the taxpayers?
I now know why.
They don't want to leave.
I've never been to Boston in the winter.
Tom is rumored to be dating Mary.
I walked so much my feet hurt.
I'm not very smart.
How much is this party going to cost?
I need glasses.
That was very gratifying.
I always try to wear fashionable clothes.
Tom is particularly kind to Mary.
I was allowed to go with them.
I'm not very brave.
How much longer do I have to do this?
I may not come.
Shut up and listen to me.
I can't remember what I'm supposed to do.
Tom is falling in love with Mary.
I was just trying to be smart.
I'm not infallible.
How much longer do I need to do this?
I made partner.
Please get out of my way.
I don't know anyone who can speak French.
Tom is currently married to Mary.
I was just trying to be tough.
I'm not a murderer.
How much will a graduate degree cost?
I made a noise.
Mary's dress is too long.
I don't see how I can ever do that again.
Tom has blue eyes and curly hair.
I was one of the unlucky ones.
I'm not a gangster.
How temporary will this situation be?
I loved school.
Mary is wearing a brooch.
I don't think I've changed all that much.
Tom has a bit of a crush on Mary.
I was pleased with the result.
I'm not a crackpot.
How that happened is a mystery to me.
I love to fish.
Mary is knitting a scarf.
I don't want to think about those things.
Tom handed the newspaper to Mary.
I was pretty excited about it.
I'm not a comedian.
People don't forget things like that.
I love singing.
Mary is getting prettier.
I haven't done that since I was thirteen.
Tom does look lonely, doesn't he?
I was pretty happy about that.
I'm kind of sleepy.
The problem still hasn't been solved.
I love fishing.
Mary is a charming woman.
I know that you won't be able to do that.
Tom can be just as tough as Mary.
I was scared and stressed out.
I'm in a big hurry.
We're going to miss you an awful lot.
I looked at it.
Let's walk home together.
I often wear blue jeans and a blue shirt.
Tom arrived the day before I did.
I was sure I was going to die.
I'm here all alone.
Will you explain what the trouble is?
I lit the oven.
Let's not go there today.
I think the audience thought I was funny.
Tom also has a sister named Mary.
I was very busy all last week.
I'm already in bed.
Do you plan to attend today's meeting?
I lit the fuse.
Last night was very cold.
I took a cookie off the plate and ate it.
I'm glad Tom is going to college.
I wasn't ready to be a father.
I'm a student here.
Don't forget to wash behind your ears.
I lit the fire.
It certainly wasn't easy.
I was hoping we wouldn't need to do that.
I'm doing what Tom told me to do.
I wasn't sure what that meant.
I'm a patient here.
How am I going to remember to do that?
I like writing.
Have you found a job yet?
I'll do whatever it takes to be with you.
I understood everything Tom said.
I wear a tie almost every day.
I was really drunk.
How are they going to do that exactly?
I like winning.
Everybody wanted to sing.
I'll do whatever it takes to keep my job.
I know his middle name isn't Tom.
I won't be at school tomorrow.
I should be in bed.
How are we going to make a difference?
I like to knit.
Do you think I look pale?
I'll do whatever it takes to protect you.
Do you think Tom knew about that?
I won't give you any medicine.
I seldom get angry.
How can we find out what's causing it?
I like to hunt.
Do you think I look cool?
I'm only doing what I've been told to do.
You'd better see what Tom wants.
I won't listen to you anymore.
I pulled the lever.
How come we've never done this before?
I like to draw.
Did you sing by yourself?
I've already arranged for that to happen.
What sort of man is Tom Jackson?
I wonder what they'll do next.
I often wear boots.
How could I not have known it was you?
I like to bowl.
Can you guess what it is?
I've already done everything I was supposed to do.
What did Tom do that was so bad?
I would say the worst is over.
I often wear black.
How could you let them do this to you?
I like surfing.
Are you going to do that?
I almost always eat oatmeal for breakfast.
Tom's French has improved a lot.
I wouldn't quit if I were you.
I often wear a hat.
How did you get interested in finance?
I like lobster.
You should stop singing.
I almost died last year in a car accident.
Tom wouldn't even speak to Mary.
I'll be back in about a month.
I often go fishing.
How did your meeting with the boss go?
I like it, too.
When is it going to end?
I always sit in the back of the classroom.
Tom wasn't the one who did that.
I'll die if you don't tell me.
I never wear a tie.
How difficult was it at the beginning?
I like hunting.
What's unique about you?
I didn't grow up doing this kind of thing.
Tom was quite impressed by Mary.
I'll get you something to eat.
I never wear a hat.
How do you come up with these designs?
I like farming.
What's there to discuss?
I expected to pay at least thirty dollars.
Tom was just as excited as Mary.
I'll give it to you right now.
I never was skinny.
How do you deal with those challenges?
I like carrots.
What's the real problem?
I got a haircut on the way home from work.
Tom wanted to name his son John.
I'll let you know what I hear.
I like Boston, too.
How do you know it won't happen again?
I like camping.
What's the matter, dear?
I hardly ever mispronounce people's names.
Tom says that's where he put it.
I'll tell you the whole story.
I hope I'll fit in.
How do you know they aren't Canadians?
I like blondes.
What's the asking price?
I have problems, just like everybody else.
Tom said he thought I was witty.
I'll try to have fun tomorrow.
I have your number.
How hard is it to get a fake passport?
I left on time.
What's that machine for?
I hope you're not hiding anything from us.
Tom knows he's better than Mary.
I'm always going to work hard.
I enjoy doing that.
How has the Internet changed your job?
I kept yelling.
What's that green stuff?
I left the lights on all night last night.
Tom is nicer to me than Mary is.
I'm doing everything I can do.
I don't have a son.
How long would it take you to do that?
I kept walking.
What'll this accomplish?
I lived with the Jacksons for three years.
Tom is better-looking than John.
I'm doing everything possible.
I did it correctly.
How many employees have your laid off?
I kept texting.
What happened on Monday?
I often play my guitar on the front porch.
Tom and Mary have adopted twins.
I'm getting to be a good cook.
I can't retire yet.
How many of you are afraid of spiders?
I kept talking.
What do our guests want?
I often stay in bed until noon on Sundays.
The first person we saw was Tom.
I'm glad it happened this way.
I always work hard.
How many passengers are on this plane?
I kept staring.
We're taking a big risk.
I plan to retire when I'm sixty years old.
I'm sorry Tom isn't coming back.
I'm glad it's all working out.
I've never skated.
How many people died in that accident?
I kept smiling.
We're not all Canadians.
I wanted to live in Boston with my family.
I was irritated by what Tom did.
I'm glad we're still doing it.
I'm not very tall.
How many trips did you take last year?
I kept singing.
We're all pretty hungry.
I was a plumber before I became a teacher.
I thought Tom looked pretty mad.
I'm going to enjoy being here.
I'm not a fascist.
How many vacations do you have a year?
I kept running.
We often talk about you.
I was just about to make the same comment.
I laugh a lot when I'm with Tom.
I'm happy with what I've seen.
I'm not a crybaby.
How much did your school uniform cost?
I kept pushing.
They say I'm a war hero.
I knew better than to trust Tom.
I'm just glad no one got hurt.
I'm a picky eater.
How much is your comfort worth to you?
I kept playing.
The brake's not working.
I always got up early when I was a student.
I hope that Tom will marry Mary.
I'm just glad no one was hurt.
I'm a doctor here.
How much money did that cost to build?
I kept packing.
That's impossible to do.
I forgot to lock the front door last night.
I have no idea why Tom did that.
I'm not doing this for myself.
I'm a big boy now.
How much time and money would we save?
I kept focused.
That should be possible.
I have a grandson and three granddaughters.
I didn't want to show it to Tom.
I'm not even going to comment.
I won't accept it.
How on earth could this be a surprise?
I kept driving.
That might be dangerous.
I haven't yet done what needs to be done.
I didn't talk to Tom about that.
I'm not going to be a yes man.
I was my own boss.
How soon do you expect that to happen?
I kept digging.
Thanks for posting this.
I need help moving this table into my room.
I could hurt Tom if I wanted to.
I'm not opposed to doing that.
I sure am thirsty.
How will you be spending your weekend?
I just came in.
Perhaps I should resign.
I often watch the news while eating dinner.
You waited for Tom, didn't you?
I'm off to a late start today.
I seldom get sick.
No one told me what I should be doing.
I helped a lot.
Nobody knows what to do.
I'll do whatever it takes to make it right.
Why don't you get married, Tom?
I'm old enough to know better.
I seldom eat meat.
That wasn't what I expected to happen.
I have the flu.
No one likes to do that.
I'll do whatever it takes to reach the top.
What'll happen to Tom and Mary?
I'm prepared to talk about it.
I never wear pink.
That's just not going to happen today.
I have my keys.
Mary isn't so beautiful.
I'll never forget what you just did for me.
Tom was here one day last week.
I'm pretty good at doing that.
I need a new coat.
There's a lot of room for improvement.
I have company.
Mary is a capable nurse.
I'm getting tired of living here by myself.
Tom used to be engaged to Mary.
I'm really not happy about it.
I loved them both.
There's no way that's going to happen.
I have a ranch.
Let me help you do that.
I'm sure your parents must be proud of you.
Tom tried to hit me last night.
I'm so glad you are not upset.
I love basketball.
There's no way we can do that by 2:30.
I have a radio.
It was a great surprise.
I've already been questioned by the police.
Tom took a book from the shelf.
I'm still in a state of shock.
I like the change.
There's nothing else to worried about.
I have a piano.
Is doing that difficult?
I've done everything that needs to be done.
Tom told me to be here by 2:30.
I'm still planning to do that.
I just need sleep.
This problem still needs to be solved.
I have a guest.
How's your garden doing?
I've told you a dozen times not to do that.
Tom told me he got there first.
I think I'm pretty generous.
I have three cars.
You don't have to do that by yourself.
I have a beard.
French is easy to learn.
I always eat breakfast cereal without sugar.
Tom told me about the accident.
I'm very sorry for my actions.
I have three DUIs.
Did you really get kicked off the team?
I hated Boston.
Everything's going well.
I didn't do what you've accused me of doing.
Tom thought of a good solution.
I've been drinking since 2:30.
I have split ends.
Do you think you'll ever go to college?
I hate running.
Don't be afraid to sing.
I didn't think that this would happen again.
Tom thinks he knows everything.
I've been having a rough time.
I have short hair.
How are they going to enforce that law?
I hate jogging.
Do you think I'm biased?
I drink at least three cups of coffee a day.
Tom thanked me for the present.
I've been told not to do this.
I have curly hair.
How are you at controlling your temper?
I hailed a cab.
Do you have to sing now?
I have several paintings hanging on my wall.
Tom seems to want Mary to stay.
I've been working all my life.
I have brown eyes.
How can you argue with logic like that?
I had to smile.
Do I look sleepy to you?
I haven't even thought about doing that yet.
Tom said that I looked annoyed.
I've got to start working out.
I have black hair.
How can you be sure that never happens?
I had to hurry.
Can you help me do this?
I just wish you could've been there with me.
Tom said I was being obnoxious.
I've tried doing that already.
I have a fast car.
How can you not love someone like that?
I had jeans on.
Aren't we going do that?
I promise you that I'll never do that again.
Tom rode his bike to the store.
I've tried everything already.
I can't do it all.
How can you turn down a deal like that?
I had a choice.
Are you still on a diet?
I sometimes have trouble remembering things.
Tom put his hand over his face.
I almost never have nightmares.
I brought a salad.
How come the guys I want never want me?
I got very mad.
You're pretty stubborn.
I suppose I'll get used to it after a while.
Tom didn't give an explanation.
I always knew it was important.
I always get lost.
How common are these kinds of problems?
I got no reply.
Why would anyone leave?
I was just pretending I was enjoying myself.
That's probably what Tom meant.
I always make a mess of things.
I always eat well.
How could something like that get lost?
I got it wrong.
Why shouldn't we leave?
I'll do whatever it takes to make you happy.
I've never told Tom about that.
I always wanted to be a cowboy.
I'm stressed out.
How did the two of you meet each other?
I got it right.
Why is truth important?
I'm very busy and don't have much free time.
I've already told Tom about it.
I always wanted to be a writer.
I'm really drunk.
How did you become interested in music?
I got into bed.
Why can't we do it now?
I've already sung three folks songs tonight.
I'm very young compared to Tom.
I appreciate you talking to me.
I'm not that old.
How did you get that scar on your chin?
I got a tattoo.
Why aren't you cooking?
I've caused everyone enough trouble already.
I'm very glad you're here, Tom.
I believe the opposite is true.
I'm not that bad.
How did you know I needed one of these?
I glanced back.
Who's going to do what?
I ate all the cookies that were on the plate.
I'm glad that Tom wasn't there.
I can remember it very vividly.
I'm not so smart.
How did you know I wanted one of these?
I glanced away.
Who wouldn't want that?
I can't figure out how to say this in French.
I would like to go and see Tom.
I can't get my tractor started.
I'm not prepared.
How do things like this keep happening?
I finally left.
Who wouldn't like that?
I do my best to avoid talking about politics.
I told Tom not to believe Mary.
I can't let you do this for me.
I'm not homeless.
How do you choose which projects to do?
I felt trapped.
Where are your jackets?
I had intended to go shopping this afternoon.
I know his real name isn't Tom.
I can't really comment on that.
I'm not drinking.
How do you decide what's right for you?
I felt nothing.
When should we do that?
I hope the police catch the guy who did this.
I didn't like the way Tom sang.
I can't say any more than that.
I'm not diabetic.
How do you encourage people to do that?
I felt foolish.
What's the real reason?
I know that you don't speak French very well.
I didn't answer Tom's question.
I can't speak to you right now.
I'm not deranged.
How do you find time to do the laundry?
I felt awkward.
What's happened so far?
I never could've done this without your help.
I complained to Tom about that.
I could do that if I wanted to.
I'm not demented.
How do you prepare for a job like this?
I felt ashamed.
What'll the results be?
I received a strange phone call this morning.
I already know what Tom thinks.
I decided that was a good sign.
I'm not autistic.
How has your experience been different?
I felt amazing.
What'll the outcome be?
I spoke slowly, so everyone could understand.
Do I seem very old to you, Tom?
I did the same thing in Boston.
I'm not an angel.
How long do you think we can stay here?
I fed the pigs.
What was your strategy?
I stood in line for more than thirty minutes.
What would you have done, Tom?
I didn't do my job well enough.
I'm not a racist.
How long have you been teaching tennis?
I expect a lot.
What do you do all day?
I usually walk to school if it isn't raining.
Tom would've liked to do that.
I didn't know this at the time.
I'm not a prince.
How many bands will be playing tonight?
I eat anything.
What did we do with it?
I want to become someone you can be proud of.
Tom wants to come and see you.
I didn't really think about it.
I'm not a madman.
How many inches did you grow last year?
I drank a shot.
What did the doctor do?
I'll do whatever I can to protect all of you.
Tom said that I was too noisy.
I didn't sleep much that night.
I'm not a killer.
How many of us have actually done that?
I drank a beer.
We're all pretty tired.
I'll do whatever it takes to achieve my goal.
Tom said that I sounded tired.
I didn't think I was that good.
I'm not a farmer.
How many of you don't have an umbrella?
I did it wrong.
We really enjoyed that.
I'll do whatever it takes to get my son back.
Tom said that I can't come in.
I didn't want to offend anyone.
I won't bite you.
How many people have I insulted so far?
I cut the tape.
We might as well leave.
I'll do whatever it takes to get what I want.
Tom must be expecting company.
I won't back off.
How many times are we going to do this?
I cut the rope.
We aren't finished yet.
I'll do whatever it takes to stay where I am.
Tom is better known than Mary.
I don't agree with that at all.
I waved the flag.
How much can you make delivering pizza?
I created this.
Was I supposed to sing?
I'm not as young as the rest of my teammates.
Tom has improved a great deal.
I don't agree with that myself.
I wasn't pleased.
How much does it cost to fly to Boston?
I changed that.
Those were tough times.
I've finally gotten used to living on a boat.
They say Tom is very peculiar.
I don't believe we can do that.
I was mesmerized.
How much longer do you want me to wait?
I changed jobs.
They might not do that.
I always eat something before going to school.
Perhaps Tom has fallen asleep.
I don't care how much you make.
I was in trouble.
How much more of this do we need to do?
I can't say no.
They all made mistakes.
I didn't arrive until it was already too late.
I seldom speak to Tom anymore.
I don't care who wins the game.
I was in a fight.
How much oil has actually been spilled?
I can't refuse.
That happened long ago.
I don't have any friends who can speak French.
I know his middle name is Tom.
I don't care who wins the race.
I was hypnotized.
How much do we actually have to pay?
I can't decide.
Our plans have changed.
I don't want to go upstairs alone in the dark.
I gave Tom a key to my office.
I don't care who you voted for.
I was badly hurt.
How often do you change your passwords?
I can run fast.
Nobody is stopping you.
I never wanted to go there in the first place.
I discussed the plan with Tom.
I don't charge for my services.
I wanted revenge.
How often do you check your smartphone?
I can go first.
Life is difficult here.
I should come to Boston to visit you sometime.
How did you and Tom get along?
I don't feel frustrated at all.
I turned the key.
How old were you when you were adopted?
I brought that.
Let me help you choose.
I think we should stop doing what we're doing.
I don't feel the least bit sad.
I tried to smile.
How would you feel if you lost $30,000?
I bought a dog.
Leave the windows open.
I'll do whatever it takes to feed my children.
What are Tom's children like?
I don't follow politics at all.
I sure am hungry.
It's time for me to tell you the truth.
I bought a car.
It's not too expensive.
I'll do whatever it takes to get my kids back.
Tom was too excited to sleep.
I don't have a house in Boston.
I stood up again.
Let's see if we can get some work done.
I began to run.
It wasn't an easy race.
I'll do whatever it takes to make that happen.
Tom said I looked a bit pale.
I don't have a lot of problems.
I stifled a grin.
What job are you going to tackle first?
I began to eat.
It was pretty exciting.
I go jogging before breakfast almost every day.
Tom must be somewhere around.
I don't have a phone right now.
I sliced the ham.
When was last time you washed your car?
I began pacing.
It sure is windy today.
I haven't yet deleted all the duplicate photos.
Tom meant it as a compliment.
I don't have a problem with it.
I sipped my wine.
Apparently, it's not too early to apply.
I began crying.
How do you really feel?
I see no reason why you shouldn't go to Boston.
Their names are Tom and Mary.
I don't have to be nice to you.
I shut the trunk.
How am I going to get this accomplished?
I arrived late.
Here's the translation.
I still have the first letter you ever sent me.
It's time for Tom to go home.
I don't like dancing very much.
I seldom do that.
How are we supposed to fix these issues?
I arrived last.
Go put some clothes on.
I thought that was what we were supposed to do.
I won't be able to catch Tom.
I don't want to move to Boston.
I sat very still.
How are you going to deal with this one?
I agreed to go.
Doors open at 2:p.m.
I thought you said we weren't going to be here.
I wasn't sure what Tom meant.
I have to do everything myself.
I sat on the bed.
How can I avoid making the same mistake?
I've resigned.
Do you plan to do that?
I usually order the cheapest thing on the menu.
I think Tom agrees with Mary.
I haven't had any problems yet.
I sat down again.
How can so many things go wrong at once?
I'm well paid.
Come visit us sometime.
I want to go to Boston just as badly as you do.
I parked my car behind Tom's.
I hope I don't starve to death.
I sat at the bar.
How can we live longer, healthier lives?
I'm very thin.
Can you jump that high?
I was advised to stay out of that part of town.
I lived with Tom for a while.
I hope we'll get together soon.
I said it was OK.
How can we put a stop to this injustice?
I'm very tall.
Both men were executed.
I wish I had enough money to buy a new bicycle.
I don't think Tom was joking.
I hope you'll have a good time.
I resigned today.
How can you be so calm about everything?
I'm very sick.
Both girls were crying.
I wonder how much time we will have to do that.
Tom said I looked beautiful.
I just have to get out of here.
I remained still.
How come nobody ever hitchhikes anymore?
I'm very rich.
Be prepared to do that.
I'll do whatever I can to make it easy for you.
Tom has worked hard all day.
I just wish I could find a job.
I remained quiet.
How come you never ask simple questions?
I'm very fast.
You voted, didn't you?
I'll do whatever it takes to get this job done.
Tom did that all by himself.
I lit a candle so we could see.
I put on my coat.
How could you still be upset about that?
I'm unpopular.
Will you be my friend?
I'll do whatever it takes to make it up to you.
I taught Tom how to do that.
I made an omelet for breakfast.
I owe you dinner.
How did you become interested in design?
I'm tone deaf.
Where's your bathroom?
I'll do whatever it takes to make things right.
I showed Tom how to do that.
I never wanted to study French.
I opened the lid.
How did you get the idea for this movie?
I'm the chief.
We should consider it.
I'll do whatever it takes to protect my family.
Tom teaches law at Harvard.
I never wore those shoes again.
I opened the box.
How did you get those scars on your arm?
I'm shivering.
We do this every year.
I'll do whatever it takes to save our marriage.
Tom said I sounded worried.
I sometimes sing in the shower.
I opened the bag.
How did you know where to look for that?
I'm paralyzed.
There's no water left.
I'm not as busy this month as I was last month.
Tom said I looked stunning.
I sometimes sleep on the couch.
I never was rich.
How did you make the decision to retire?
I'm on a roll.
There's no money left.
I'm sure you understand why we have to do this.
Tom said I looked horrible.
I stayed there for a long time.
I never was poor.
How do you keep cats out of your garden?
I'm off today.
That's still not true.
I've been singing a lot of folk songs recently.
Tom said I looked confused.
I stayed there for three hours.
I never was neat.
Is there something you don't understand?
I'm not weird.
That sounds expensive.
I've caused everybody a lot of trouble already.
Is that man over there Tom?
I think I was wrong about that.
I might get lost.
Is this the program you wanted to watch?
I'm not tough.
Somebody's in trouble.
I didn't know we were supposed to be quiet here.
I stole something from Tom.
I think we'll have a good team.
I might be right.
Let's sit next to each other on the bus.
I'm not petty.
Please say that again.
I don't know how I could've made such a mistake.
Tom says he can't do that.
I looked outside.
Please put this back where you found it.
I'm not naked.
Please come back soon.
I don't think I'll be able to eat anything else.
Tom says Mary is a genius.
I used to play piano at a club.
I loaded the van.
That's what I meant to discuss with you.
I'm no genius.
Mary is a brave woman.
I know Mary is pretty, but she's not very smart.
Tom said I seemed shocked.
I walked all the way to Boston.
I live there now.
There are a lot of things I need to buy.
I'm moving on.
Let's keep doing this.
I looked back to see if anyone was following me.
Tom said I seemed puzzled.
I was a waiter for a few years.
I liked the idea.
There are a lot of things I want to buy.
I'm moving in.
How deep is this pool?
I might need this again, so don't throw it away.
Tom said I seemed nervous.
I was hoping you would help me.
I kept whistling.
There's a law that allows us to do that.
I'm just fine.
Everyone's interested.
I really think you should stop drinking so much.
Tom said I seemed excited.
I went downtown this afternoon.
I kept shoveling.
Would you like to come with us tomorrow?
I'm improving.
Don't leave me behind.
I recommend that you don't go there by yourself.
Tom said I seemed annoyed.
I went to bed early last night.
I kept screaming.
Do you plan on attending today's meeting?
I'm happy now.
Are your eyes hurting?
I think I should refer you to another therapist.
Tom said I looked unhappy.
I won't be busy this afternoon.
I just ate lunch.
How many times have you done that so far?
I'm giving up.
Are you still thirsty?
I think it'd be better if you didn't drink that.
Tom said I looked stunned.
I wonder how heavy that box is.
I hit the target.
How many times have you done this so far?
I'm from here.
We might not do that.
I think we still need to work on this some more.
Tom said I looked shocked.
I'd rather walk home by myself.
I hit a home run.
It'll take a while for the cement to dry.
I'm flustered.
They may not be home.
I use to never worry about how much things cost.
Tom said I looked serious.
I'll be coming with my brother.
I have wavy hair.
Please don't forget to bring a sandwich.
I'm delighted.
They just ignored me.
I want to thank you for what you've done for us.
Tom said I looked relaxed.
I'm concentrating on something.
I have seniority.
That isn't likely to happen anytime soon.
I'm coming in.
That's the hard part.
I'll already be asleep by the time you get here.
Tom said I looked puzzled.
I'm feeling a lot better today.
I have long legs.
That's not likely to happen anytime soon.
I'm back home.
People say I'm obese.
I'll do whatever I can to help you get that job.
Tom said I looked pleased.
I'm glad they caught the thief.
I have long hair.
Things are changing so fast it scares me.
I'm at school.
Maybe we should quit.
I'll do whatever it takes to correct my mistake.
Tom said I looked healthy.
I'm not interested in that job.
I have flat feet.
We all seem to be getting on pretty well.
I'm angry now.
Mary isn't beautiful.
I'll do whatever it takes to get you to love me.
Tom said I looked furious.
I'm not really sure what it is.
I have dark hair.
We need to reform our immigration system.
I'm an intern.
It's easy to do that.
I'm sure I can find something to complain about.
Tom said I looked annoyed.
I'm not talking to you anymore.
I have arthritis.
Do you really think you're better than me?
I'm an ex-con.
It sure is hot today.
I'm worried about what other people might think.
Tom is a very likable guy.
I'm sure someone was just here.
I have a new job.
Let's see if we can get this done by 2:30.
I'm a widower.
Do I seem old to you?
I do hope there'll be people I know at the party.
Tom has many friends here.
I'm the one who has to do that.
I have a new car.
That isn't the only thing that worries me.
I'm a veteran.
Can we talk with you?
I don't think I should go out on a day like this.
Tom does that really well.
I'm the one who washed the car.
I have a license.
That's not worth the price they're asking.
I'm a trucker.
Are you still single?
I don't understand why you like baseball so much.
I'm one of Tom's teachers.
I think that that won't work.
I have a hot tub.
We can't afford to make any more mistakes.
I'm a surgeon.
You've paid already.
I thought the prices at that store were too high.
I'm one of Tom's brothers.
I've already washed the dishes.
I have a fake ID.
You're not afraid to sleep alone, are you?
I'm a soldier.
Why should we leave?
I'll do whatever it takes to keep you next to me.
I'm Tom's younger brother.
I've been doing this for years.
I had a good job.
Has anyone ever told you anything about me?
I'm a skeptic.
Why did you stab me?
I'll do whatever it takes to protect my children.
I sat at the bar with Tom.
I almost forgot to pay the rent.
I got very drunk.
Have you ever been up in a hot air balloon?
I'm a regular.
Who's idea was that?
I'll do whatever it takes to protect what's mine.
I know his name isn't Tom.
I already know a lot about that.
I got very angry.
How did you expect me to know it was wrong?
I'm a refugee.
What's the big fuss?
I'm interested in learning how to play the banjo.
His name isn't really Tom.
I always do things the same way.
I got up at 6:30.
If you don't hurry, we're going to be late.
I'm a redneck.
What's on your iPod?
I'm not as drunk now as the last time you saw me.
Even Tom didn't know that.
I always get home at about 6:00.
I got on the bus.
Let me help you choose which dress to wear.
I'm a realist.
What's next for you?
I didn't know we were supposed to be here by 2:30.
What does Tom do all day?
I always leave for work at 8:00.
I got in the car.
No matter what happens, I'll stay with you.
I'm a psychic.
What's my next step?
I didn't think there was anybody I knew in Boston.
Tom says I'm very stingy.
I always wanted to study French.
I got in the cab.
That's not likely to happen in my lifetime.
I'm a plumber.
What's left to lose?
I know that you don't want to do that by yourself.
Tom says I look like you.
I always worry about everything.
I found the leak.
There's no way you can do that by yourself.
I'm a painter.
What'll you live on?
I must hurry back home before my mother misses me.
I asked the same question again.
I figured it out.
They kept me waiting for over half an hour.
I'm a gymnast.
We've already voted.
I often eat things that my doctor tells me not to.
Tom said I looked scared.
I can easily wait till tomorrow.
I felt all alone.
This well is the deepest well in this area.
I'm a florist.
We must work harder.
I thought I told you I didn't want you to be here.
Tom said I looked pretty.
I can't go into too much detail.
I fell backwards.
We'll have plenty of time to do that later.
I'm a dreamer.
That'll be possible.
I thought I told you not to sing so late at night.
Tom said I looked hungry.
I can't paint as well as you do.
I fed the horses.
We're going to have an interesting evening.
I'm a dentist.
Sorry, I was a jerk.
I thought it might be fun to eat out for a change.
Tom didn't look offended.
I can't play with you right now.
I drank too much.
We've been lucky that no one has been hurt.
I'm a blogger.
Please don't go yet.
I'll do whatever it takes to make you proud of me.
Tom did that really well.
I can't remember how to do this.
I did well today.
We've been together for almost three years.
I'm a big guy.
Please be my friend.
I've already done everything you've told me to do.
Tom did that all himself.
I can't say much more right now.
I complain a lot.
Do you know where we could get one of those?
I'll go alone.
My wife is a lawyer.
I've been wanting to do this for a very long time.
Tom badly needs our help.
I can't see any need to do that.
I closed the lid.
It looks like you've gained a little weight.
I wore gloves.
Let's go over there.
I've been wanting to learn French for a long time.
I'm one of Tom's sisters.
I can't see the need to do that.
I can't swim yet.
It's not as hot here as I expected it to be.
I wore a mask.
Let's begin at 2:30.
I've finally gotten used to living here in Boston.
I'm Tom's younger sister.
I can't wait until I have a kid.
I can't hurt you.
Mary is just as beautiful as Alice, I think.
I won't budge.
It's still not over.
I don't have enough money to buy everything I need.
I'm Tom's French teacher.
I can't wait until that happens.
I called in sick.
The man at the door didn't tell me his name.
I winked back.
It was a great idea.
I don't often make mistakes when writing in French.
I think I frightened Tom.
I don't have to do that anymore.
I broke that one.
There are a lot of things I want to ask you.
I went skiing.
How did you respond?
I don't think I'll have the time to help you today.
How old are Tom and Mary?
I don't like baseball very much.
I began coughing.
We have to be more aware of what's going on.
I went abroad.
Have we done enough?
I don't think we have enough food to feed everyone.
You can't depend on Tom.
I don't like swimming very much.
I became nervous.
We need to be more aware of what's going on.
I wasn't sick.
Does your head ache?
I haven't even thought about what needs to be done.
Tom says I'm too skinny.
I don't often talk on the phone.
I became curious.
It's not as cold here as I expected it to be.
I wasn't hurt.
Who's next in line?
I think it would be a good idea for you to do that.
Tom says I'm pig-headed.
I don't think I was disobedient.
I ate your candy.
There are a lot of things I need to tell you.
I was unlucky.
Who was that woman?
I used to sing professionally, but I don't anymore.
Tom says I eat too fast.
I fell down and bruised my knee.
I always says no.
There are a lot of things I want to do today.
I was unhappy.
What are the risks?
I wouldn't have done something like this last year.
Tom said I looked tired.
I hardly ever come here anymore.
I always do this.
We have to make sure people get back to work.
I was thirsty.
We're not safe yet.
I'll put the kettle on and we'll have a cup of tea.
Tom said I looked happy.
I hardly ever go shopping alone.
I almost laughed.
We need to keep getting better at everything.
I was talking.
We can't just quit.
I've already decided who to give my old bicycle to.
Tom is fatter than Mary.
I have a few gray hairs already.
I almost fainted.
You've already told me what I wanted to know.
I was stabbed.
This isn't helpful.
I always pay for dinner whenever we go out together.
Tom is an very kind man.
I have trouble making decisions.
I've just moved.
Mary is even more beautiful than I remembered.
I was spot on.
That was dangerous.
I can't afford to buy a new pair of shoes right now.
Everybody looked at Tom.
I have trouble talking to women.
I've been fired.
That's not worth the price they're asking for.
I was so busy.
My dad inspired me.
I don't understand how I could've made this mistake.
Tom says I'm too picky.
I hope someone comes to help us.
I'm your driver.
The meeting didn't last as long as I expected.
I was selfish.
Isn't that our job?
I have dozens of apps on my phone that I seldom use.
Tom says I'm too nosey.
I hope that doesn't ever happen.
I'm very strong.
The windows were already open when I got here.
I was puzzled.
Is it still Monday?
I think it'd be better if you didn't go out tonight.
Tom says I'm too bossy.
I hope they catch the kidnapper.
I'm unimpressed.
They don't sell these kinds of things anymore.
I was praying.
How common is that?
I was hoping the ice cream wouldn't melt so quickly.
Tom said I looked pale.
I never wanted to get a divorce.
I'm the copilot.
What color are you going to paint the ceiling?
I was patient.
Here are some tips.
I'll do whatever it takes to get the results I want.
Tom is nicer than Mary.
I never was a very good student.
I'm still woozy.
Everybody is hungry, so let's go ahead and eat.
I was panting.
Go clean your room.
I don't know how you can work under these conditions.
Tom has improved a lot.
I never was very good at French.
Last night, I went to sleep with the lights on.
I was on time.
Everyone's thirsty.
I just remembered that I have something I have to do.
Tom did it all himself.
I often feel drowsy after lunch.
I'm sick in bed.
Now that I'm here, everything's going to be OK.
I was on duty.
Every box was full.
I know that you won't be able to do that by yourself.
Tom always looks tired.
I often wear a black cowboy hat.
I'm seldom late.
That's what you should've done a long time ago.
I was naughty.
Doors open at 2:30.
I make it a rule never to ask a woman how old she is.
I'm Tom's older sister.
I said good morning to everyone.
I'm really sick.
What's the real reason you didn't go to Boston?
I was lenient.
Don't make excuses.
I thought you said you weren't going to smoke anymore.
I was very mean to Tom.
I should've been more assertive.
I'm really rich.
Do you remember what happened the day I met you?
I was in pain.
Don't feel too bad.
I'll do whatever I can to make things easier for you.
How's your mother, Tom?
I suggest that you dress warmly.
I'm quite timid.
Everything in the store is half price this week.
I was in love.
Don't ever give in.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to sing tonight.
Tom swims really well.
I think I can dance pretty well.
I'm quite drunk.
First, we're all going to have something to eat.
I was in jail.
Don't believe this.
I couldn't swim as well as the other kids in my class.
Tom said I looked old.
I think we can do that tomorrow.
I'm pretty rich.
This is definitely more fun than doing homework.
I was hurting.
Don't believe them.
I don't expect anything out of the ordinary to happen.
Tom might not do that.
I was a janitor a few years ago.
I'm pigeon-toed.
You didn't need to tell me that. I already knew.
I was frantic.
Don't believe that.
I don't think there's any way I can get there on time.
Tom asked us to leave.
I was beginning to feel nervous.
I'm not winning.
Do you really think this is worth thirty dollars?
I was foolish.
Do I need to go on?
I don't understand how I could've made such a mistake.
I'm very close to Tom.
I was famous when I was younger.
I'm not violent.
That's not worth the price they're asking for it.
I was focused.
Ask for more money.
I don't want to discourage you from trying to do that.
I left after Tom left.
I was provoked into saying that.
I'm intoxicated.
There are a lot of things I have to do this week.
I was defiant.
Are you still cold?
I haven't even thought about what I might do tomorrow.
Everyone calls me Tom.
I was very rich three years ago.
I'm in mourning.
There's plenty of whipped cream left in the bowl.
I was crushed.
Are you ever happy?
I received three threatening phone calls this morning.
Why is Tom on a diet?
I was very shy when I was a kid.
I'm happier now.
Wouldn't it be nice to live in a house like that?
I was content.
Why can't we walk?
I think we would've lost if our team had played yours.
Tom says I'm selfish.
I wasn't in yesterday afternoon.
I'm getting wet.
There was a birch tree in our garden, but it died.
What'll that cost?
I wish my parents would let me stay up later at night.
Tom looked skeptical.
I won't say anything about that.
I'm coming, too.
What's the real reason you didn't want to do that?
I was bullied.
We're out of food.
I'd be grateful if you could help me move these boxes.
I helped Tom do that.
I wonder what we should do next.
I'm chewing gum.
If you can't say anything nice, don't say anything.
I was beat up.
We can't use that.
I'll do whatever I can to prevent that from happening.
Tom was in an agony.
I'd love to go fishing with you.
I'm bored stiff.
It won't be long before you get used to doing this.
I was baffled.
Try to act normal.
I'll do whatever it takes to keep our family together.
I stole Tom's money.
I'll be happy when this is over.
I'm at my place.
How do you punish your children when they misbehave?
I was alarmed.
This tastes awful.
I don't think it's safe to go out at night by yourself.
We all respect Tom.
I'll be the first to admit that.
I'm an outsider.
How many times have I told you not to use that word?
I was adopted.
This isn't unique.
I don't think we'll find anyone who can do that for us.
I was Tom's mentor.
I'm a thirty-year-old housewife.
I'm a therapist.
You don't need to tell me what to do. I already know.
I was a loner.
The storm was bad.
I haven't done that since I graduated from high school.
I shook Tom's hand.
I'm already thirty minutes late.
I'm a sophomore.
If you fail this class, you won't be able to graduate.
I was a coach.
My plan is better.
I think we have enough time to finish doing that today.
I liked Tom's idea.
I'm coming to Boston in October.
I'm a professor.
It's so easy to be happy on a day like this, isn't it?
I wanted that.
It's not too cold.
I thought it might be fun to go to Boston this weekend.
How do I look, Tom?
I'm going to ask you a question.
I'm a paramedic.
Many people have told me that they think I'm handsome.
I wanted more.
Everyone's sleepy.
I thought you said we weren't going to do that anymore.
What will Tom say?
I'm looking for a place to live.
I'm a communist.
You didn't have to tell me why because I already knew.
I want it now.
Don't harm anyone.
I'll do whatever it takes to get you back into my life.
I'm thirty minutes late already.
I'm a chauffeur.
The man waiting in the lobby wouldn't give me his name.
I want advice.
Do I look nervous?
I've asked you repeatedly not to sing so late at night.
I'm Tom's dentist.
I've already decided what to do.
I'm a cameraman.
The man waiting in the lobby wouldn't tell me his name.
I want a kiss.
What caused this?
I thought you said we weren't going to complain anymore.
I wasn't with Tom.
I've always wanted one of these.
I wouldn't quit.
The movie wasn't as interesting as I expected it to be.
I walk slowly.
We'll begin soon.
I'll do whatever it takes to keep my children in school.
How's Tom tonight?
I've been very busy all morning.
I won't say yes.
The man I was talking to earlier never told me his name.
I took a seat.
We might do that.
I can think of a lot of reasons why we shouldn't do that.
Tom isn't stingy.
I've never been late for school.
I won't be back.
There are many things that I don't understand very well.
I tire easily.
We demand change.
I started working six days a week about three months ago.
I won't help Tom.
I almost never stay up all night.
I won the match.
We have to leave now if we want to get home before dark.
I sweat a lot.
Now is my chance.
I think there's a good possibility that that will happen.
I made Tom angry.
I already have plans for tonight.
I went upstairs.
You're half a head taller than when you were here before.
I surrendered.
Nobody's singing.
I think we've got enough money to buy everything we need.
I left Tom alone.
I can't do anything without help.
I waved goodbye.
Do you think we'll ever find our way back to the campsite?
I stole a gun.
It's not too hot.
I'm afraid we must go if we want to get home before dark.
I laughed at Tom.
I caught three fish this morning.
I wasn't amused.
It would be better if we just kept doing what we're doing.
I stayed late.
It was so boring.
I don't think this is an appropriate time to discuss this.
I helped Tom win.
I confess I was wrong about that.
I was very sick.
On a hot day like this, the laundry will be dry in no time.
I stayed home.
Everyone's tired.
I have a son who goes to the same school as your daughter.
I got mad at Tom.
I did that as quickly as I could.
I was very poor.
There are a lot of things I need to do before I can go home.
I stayed cool.
Don't be so mean.
I remember when you could buy three of these for a dollar.
I gave Tom a job.
I don't think I ought to do that.
I was very late.
There are lots of things we could do to help those families.
I stayed calm.
We all felt bad.
I think there's a real good possibility of that happening.
I can't help Tom.
I get along with all my brothers.
I was shivering.
You don't need to explain it to me. I already understand it.
I stared back.
Now's my chance.
I thought I told you I didn't want you to do that anymore.
I almost hit Tom.
I hated spinach when I was a kid.
I was sent home.
If anybody had asked me if I were married, I'd have said yes.
I spoke first.
Do I look drunk?
I wore glasses when I was a teenager, but I don't anymore.
What'll Tom say?
I have friends in many countries.
I was plastered.
When I was thirteen years old, I couldn't speak French at all.
I smelled gas.
Did you get wet?
I'll do whatever it takes to keep our customers satisfied.
Tom looked hurt.
I haven't eaten steak in a while.
I was perplexed.
If anybody had asked me if I were married, I'd have said I was.
I slowed down.
What's changed?
I'm about the same weight as I was at this time last year.
I'm nice to Tom.
I hope you've enjoyed yourselves.
I was in a coma.
If you fail this class, you'll have to take it again next year.
I sleep a lot.
We deserved it.
I'm not going to tell you anything you don't already know.
I'm leaving Tom.
I know you want to quit your job.
I was depressed.
You didn't have to tell me about what happened. I already knew.
I don't drive.
Let's sit here.
I've already told you everything I think you need to know.
I'm Tom's niece.
I meant to ask you that question.
I was delirious.
You're half a head taller than you were the last time I saw you.
Everybody sang.
I've often heard of these, but I've never seen one before.
I'll assist Tom.
I might come to Boston next week.
I was courteous.
Sometimes it seems to me that you just don't really want to be here.
We had doubts.
I knew you wouldn't like the food at Chuck's Bar and Grill.
I'm Tom's twin.
I never wanted to live in Boston.
I was confident.
The best way to ruin a good cup of coffee is to put cream and sugar in it.
Dress warmly.
I'm Tom's aunt.
This game is really boring.
I'm not stupid enough to believe you.
What would I do without them?
Tom told Mary to be sure to have dinner ready at six o'clock.
It didn't take long before Tom found out about what Mary had done.
When did Tom tell you that he and Mary were going to get married?
Tom called the police and reported that his daughter was missing.
What does this have to do with what I was saying about Tom?
Tom wanted to make sure that nothing bad happened to Mary.
Tom brought his car to the repair shop to have it checked.
Tom called Mary and asked her to come over to his house.
Mary is a beautiful girl with blonde hair and blue eyes.
Tom demanded that Mary give him the money she owed him.
Unfortunately, Tom doesn't have a say in this matter.
Tom said he needs to find another way to make money.
Tom looks just like you did when you were his age.
Tom couldn't wait to see the look on Mary's face.
Tom was afraid of what might happen to his family.
Tom doesn't have any reason not to trust Mary.
When Tom found out the truth, he was furious.
Tom has something very important to tell you.
Tom wanted to find a way to fix the problem.
Tom broke down and confessed to everything.
Tom and Mary arrived in Boston before dark.
Tom asked Mary to stop what she was doing.
Were you able to convince Tom to do that?
Tom obviously likes hearing himself talk.
I don't have any reason not to trust Tom.
Tom wasn't able to work for three weeks.
Tom says he feels a little better today.
Tom leaned over and kissed Mary's cheek.
Tom could not take his eyes off of Mary.
Tom asked Mary to go to Boston with him.
This is where Tom says he wants to live.
Tom is likely to be sentenced to death.
Tom wasn't the only one who was there.
Tom told the police what had happened.
Tom said he would do anything for you.
Tom thought that Mary would kiss him.
Tom didn't believe Mary for a second.
I think that it was Tom who did this.
Everybody enjoyed watching Tom dance.
Would you like to play with us, Tom?
Tom begged Mary not to kill his dog.
Tom is likely to be famous someday.
How did you manage to convince Tom?
Did you tell Tom that Mary was here?
Tom thanked me for the compliment.
Tom didn't mean to insult anybody.
Tom dangled his feet in the water.
I'll tell Tom that you're with me.
Tom moved as quickly as he could.
Tom is trying to find his father.
Tom didn't mean to shoot anybody.
Tom and Mary were arguing loudly.
Why don't you take a break, Tom?
Tom tried to feign indifference.
Tom loved everything about Mary.
Tom has probably run away again.
Tom asked Mary to come with him.
Tom told the police everything.
Tom is working the night shift.
Tom called the police for help.
I'm going to tell Tom tomorrow.
Tom didn't believe his eyes.
Why isn't Tom playing with us?
What's going on with you, Tom?
Were you able to convince Tom?
Tom and Mary are coming today.
Tom is a very abusive person.
You've done a good job, Tom.
Tom ran to his room, crying.
Tom is always so nice to me.
Tom has gone back to prison.
What should we do now, Tom?
Tom hasn't written me back.
Tom didn't find Mary funny.
You and I are a lot alike.
Tom seemed perfectly calm.
Tom can be mean sometimes.
Tom begged Mary for mercy.
Tom and Mary will do that.
You can count on me, Tom.
Tom probably got dumped.
Mary redid her lipstick.
Tom was a very shy boy.
Tom knows how to party.
Did you do that to Tom?
What should I do, Tom?
Tell me about it, Tom.
I'm looking after Tom.
What's going on, Tom?
We have to talk, Tom.
Crime only seems big because the state has created so many crimes.
I'm going to watch football.
What type of work do you do?
Tom is home.
Tom has left.
Tom is bored.
Tom is pushy.
Tom is filthy.
Tom is lonely.
Tom is stoned.
Tom is wasted.
Tom is adopted.
Tom is annoyed.
Tom is helping.
Tom is limping.
Tom is resting.
Tom is violent.
Tom has fainted.
Tom is cheerful.
Tom is harmless.
Tom is stalling.
Tom is stranded.
Tom is terrific.
Tom is unstable.
Tom has returned.
Tom is conscious.
Tom is suffering.
Tom is thirtyish.
Tom is very neat.
Tom isn't asleep.
Tom is a big liar.
Tom is a huge guy.
Tom is a rich kid.
Tom is delusional.
Tom is headstrong.
Tom is undefeated.
Tom is very fussy.
Tom isn't my name.
My radio is broken.
Tom's cup is empty.
Our gamble paid off.
Tom is a big coward.
Tom is a bright kid.
This plan won't work.
Tom is a big boy now.
Tom is now in a coma.
Tom's dog is missing.
Tom's door is closed.
Tom is my friend, too.
Tom isn't a good liar.
The doorbell just rang.
Tom is easily offended.
Tom is a teacher, right?
Tom is hyperventilating.
Tom is looking for work.
Tom isn't in his office.
Tom's wife is a teacher.
Our house is up for sale.
Tom's answers were wrong.
Tom's family is in Boston.
Tom's plan is pretty good.
Tom's wife died last week.
Tom's plan wasn't any good.
Tom's French is pretty good.
Tom's idea seems good to me.
Tom's room isn't very clean.
Tom's truck has been stolen.
The plane Tom was on crashed.
Tom thinks his house is haunted.
Tom's guitar playing is amazing.
Tom's shoes are too big for him.
We're thinking about putting our house up for sale.
Japan is famous for its scenic landscapes.
Tom picked up a binder.
Eventually, her fiercest rival conceded that she was right, which gave her the vindication she had sought for so long.
I wouldn't say we've achieved our goal yet, but we're within striking distance.
Her smile disarms her parents whenever they are cross with her.
I know that you won't be able to do that without some help.
Her smile disarms her parents whenever they are annoyed with her.
There is only one square on the board where I can land safely on my next turn.
The network is moving your show to another time slot.
The letter is from October fifth.
The body digests wheat more easily than other carbohydrates.
Grandpa likes to overdo it.
Grandpa likes to go overboard.
Grandpa likes to overdo things.
Your nose is dripping.
Speak Esperanto!
My wisdom tooth is very sensitive to hot foods.
Tom's idea seemed good to me.
I helped Tom move.
I like to party.
I was wide awake.
I just texted Tom.
I work at night.
I'm not very old.
I left Tom a note.
I'm a nonsmoker.
I have a big nose.
I made fun of Tom.
I'm a smart guy.
I have a mustache.
I stayed with Tom.
I'm drunk again.
I have green eyes.
I was nice to Tom.
I think I'm quite smart.
I made this for Tom.
I'm going blind.
I don't think I'm stubborn.
Tom is a bit of a talker.
I'm pretty sick.
I could get hurt if I tried to do that.
Tom isn't ready for that.
I'm quite fussy.
I'll be asleep by the time you get here.
Tom says I talk too fast.
I'm quite young.
Tom warned me about that.
I'm resting now.
Tom needs to mow his lawn.
I'm the manager.
Tom is a very good fighter.
I'm very humble.
Tom is starting to go bald.
I've been lucky.
Tom isn't having much luck.
I agreed to help.
Tom thinks I'm very stupid.
I agreed to stay.
Tom's plan isn't very good.
I arrived safely.
Tom's resume is impressive.
I asked for food.
Tom's success motivated me.
I became furious.
Tom is a lot taller than me.
I can explain it.
Tom is the one who's scared.
I can't read yet.
Tom has had a very good year.
I flew to Boston.
Tom's condition has worsened.
I ordered a beer.
Tom's plan has been rejected.
I requested help.
Tom's car isn't in the garage.
I rested at home.
Tom's father has disowned him.
Tom's flight has been delayed.
I threw the ball.
Tom's suitcase looks very heavy.
I took a picture.
Tom says he's willing to help us.
I used to be shy.
Tom is a very good sound engineer.
I was born blind.
I was optimistic.
Tom had new tires put on his car.
I was victorious.
I'll be asleep by the time you get home.
I would expect nothing less.
What's so amusing?
It was not my idea.
You don't like dancing?
He changed the subject.
He has no reason to lie.
She has no reason to lie.
Can I see you in my office for a minute?
I don't know who to trust anymore.
The world's going mad.
Tom is a real estate developer.
Tom is a HVAC technician.
Why did you slap me?
Mary made a friendship bracelet.
I made you a bracelet.
I don't want to be here any more than you do.
This movie is inappropriate for children under the age of 12.
This movie is inappropriate for children under the age of 16.
Get out of here and never come back!
Don't worry, it's not deep.
Everyone had a concerned look on their faces.
Tom was the only one who noticed.
You're the only one who noticed.
Tom didn't come over for my birthday.
I've been waiting for this moment for a long time.
He did what she asked.
They went to bed very late.
Both girls started crying.
The mail didn't come today.
Did the policeman speak nonsense?
Poor thing.
Mary got her phone out of her purse.
It was a beautiful summer day.
Wake up, Tom! It's your turn!
What do you think I am, a whore?
Did you log in?
Try to log in now.
Fadil's mother remarried.
The struggle continued.
The ritual was completed.
The police tracked down the other three students.
The storm is upsetting our radio.
The radio is broken and we can't make a call in the event of an emergency.
Fadil's dreams of love quickly ran up in smoke.
Fadil thought he found his perfect love.
Fadil craved love.
Layla was in love with the idea of being in love.
Fadil went to the ends of the earth for the love of his life.
It was easy for Fadil and Dania to have a love connection.
Fadil was the only love Dania had.
Fadil told Dania he loved her before he hung up.
Fadil was brought up in a home where he was taught that love was just about material things.
It wasn't long before Fadil and Dania were making love in the sheets.
Dania was looking for love in all the wrong places.
Dania was a hopeless romantic that easily fell in love with men.
Fadil's love story ended tragically.
Everybody loved Fadil.
Fadil started searching Egypt for love and he found it.
Fadil betrayed his love.
Layla was looking for more than sex. She was looking for love.
Layla not only fell deeply in love with Fadil, but she also thought that he was the perfect stepfather for her daughter.
Dania fell in love with a handsome young man two years her senior.
Dania did this to show Fadil that she loved him.
Dania followed her lover's instructions.
Dania wanted to protect the guy that she loved.
Fadil really felt Dania's love.
Dania loved being a mother.
For the next three years, Fadil and Dania fell deeper in love.
I'll love Dania for ever.
Fadil wanted to have a future with Dania, the love of his life.
Fadil and Dania made love like never before.
Fadil forced Layla to make the most difficult decision she had ever made in the name of love.
Fadil was blinded by love.
Fadil thought he was in love with Dania.
Fadil loved being the center of attention of his divorced parents.
Over the next three months, Fadil and Dania fell deeper in love.
Fadil was quick to fall in and out of love.
Fadil was intensely in love with Dania.
Fadil was desperate to have a fresh start with a woman he loved.
Fadil wanted to find the love of his life.
Fadil's love and adoration only fed Layla's ego.
I don't know if Fadil loved Layla or he was just using her.
Fadil's love for Dania was built on lies.
Fadil's love for Layla was a lie and it was bound to fail from the start.
That was almost love at first sight.
Fadil fell in love with classmate Layla.
At that point, Fadil had to prove that he still loved Layla.
Layla wanted to continue to prove that she loved her man.
Layla had love even though she wanted more love from Fadil.
Fadil's love life was riding high.
Fadil seduced Dania with love and money.
I love Fadil's kisses.
When I was close to your age, I met and fell deeply in love with a beautiful woman.
I can't say things like I love you.
Sami thought that Layla loved him unconditionally.
Fadil loved his family and friends.
I'm not truly in love with Layla.
I understood for the first time in my life what falling deeply in love was.
For the first time in his entire life, I think that he's really in love with someone.
Fadil believes for the first time he's really in love.
I'm not in love with Layla.
Maybe I've loved her too much.
I know you still love me.
You're the woman I'll love for the rest of my life.
I don't feel love for her.
I think I'm starting to understand exactly what real love is.
Why did I fall in love with a man like you?
What I mean is that I love you.
Fadil loved to dance.
I think I understand now why I love you.
You love to dance with Fadil but he's not here.
I'll never be able to love you again.
You used to make me believe that true love exist.
Are you in love with Layla?
Aren't you in love with me anymore?
I love you too, Fadil.
I finally realized that I wasn't in love with you.
She still loves you.
Fadil loves her.
How do you get someone you love out of your mind?
This engineer may be your new love.
I love her ideas.
Love isn't always so bitter.
The truth is that I love Marwa.
I fell madly in love with her.
I thought that you loved Fadil.
Of course I love her.
I was never really in love with Fadil.
Fadil is in love with another woman.
Fadil doesn't love me.
I don't wanna fall in love with you.
A few years ago, I swore never to fall in love again.
There's enough love here for all of us.
She deserves a guy who can love her completely.
I do love her.
I just fell in love.
Love is for teenagers.
You want me to marry her without being in love?
I'm in love with someone else.
The reason why I can't marry Fadil is that I'm in love with someone else.
He threw away all her love letters.
The day she started working for me, I fell in love with her.
I have feelings for you, Fadil. I love you.
"Do you realize I love you?" "Of course I know it."
Love can make you really sick.
My whole life revolves around love.
So how's your love life?
We love each other very much.
Good night, my love.
I love Fadil so much.
"He does love her." "It's quite obvious."
All I know is we love each other.
I slept on a cot in Tom's basement last night.
I ate a donut.
I boarded the ship.
I wanted to quit.
I have to act now.
Tom isn't well enough to go to work today.
I'll need this.
I broke the window.
I was a comedian.
I have to respond.
Tom isn't the easiest person to live with.
I ate by myself.
I did it carefully.
I was a reporter.
I heard a gunshot.
Tom warned you that this might happen.
I blamed myself.
I dried the dishes.
I was born lucky.
I heard the alarm.
Tom isn't exactly my favorite person.
I braced myself.
I dropped the ball.
I was dead wrong.
I honked the horn.
I was the one who stole Tom's wallet.
I do talk a lot.
I felt a bit tired.
I was fined $300.
I joined the army.
I don't help Tom as much as I should.
I don't do much.
I felt a bit woozy.
I was home alone.
I just got dumped.
Tom won't know anything about that.
I drive a truck.
I felt like a fool.
I was indecisive.
I kept on singing.
Tom will be in Boston next weekend.
I enjoy fishing.
I got home at 2:30.
I was indiscreet.
I kept on talking.
Tom said I was being overemotional.
I noticed that Tom was doing something he wasn't supposed to be doing.
I feel left out.
I got into the car.
I was interested.
I kept on walking.
Tom said I was being irresponsible.
I feel well now.
I had a tough week.
I was the winner.
I kept on working.
Tom said I was being inconsiderate.
I help Tom a lot.
I have a bad heart.
I was very frank.
I kept practicing.
Tom is buying us a round of drinks.
I jog every day.
I have a bald spot.
I was very tense.
I kicked the ball.
I want to stop Tom from doing that.
I like potatoes.
I have a beard now.
I wasn't injured.
I knew the answer.
Tom might talk to you about that.
I like to argue.
I have a black cat.
I weighed myself.
I left in a hurry.
Tom can show Mary how to do that.
I like to drink.
I have a black dog.
I went back home.
I left right away.
Tom said he enjoyed the concert.
I like to write.
I have a pacemaker.
I went by myself.
I left work early.
People say that I look like Tom.
I live close by.
I have a small car.
I won't be fired.
I liked Australia.
Tom tricked me into doing that.
I live downtown.
I have a sore back.
I work at a bank.
I liked that idea.
Tom stopped me from doing that.
I live frugally.
I have a sore knee.
I work part-time.
I liked to travel.
Tom can explain how this works.
I need a helmet.
I have a tough job.
I work very hard.
I made a bookcase.
Tom isn't as bad as you think.
I'm not interested in learning how to cook Chinese food.
I own this land.
I have an overbite.
I'm a bad golfer.
I made a proposal.
Tom sat alone at the counter.
I play lacrosse.
I have another job.
I'm a bit chubby.
I made it on time.
Tom came close to doing that.
I teach history.
I have enough time.
I'm a bus driver.
I made no comment.
Tom was asleep at that time.
I walk too slow.
I have lung cancer.
I'm a consultant.
I may not do that.
Tom says I did a sloppy job.
I want to pitch.
I have the day off.
I'm a doctor now.
I may not make it.
Tom said I seemed skeptical.
I want to relax.
I have the measles.
I'm a family man.
I missed the exit.
Tom said I looked very pale.
I work too hard.
I left at midnight.
I'm a fast eater.
I moved back home.
Tom said I looked very busy.
I'll bring help.
I missed the party.
I'm a father now.
I need your input.
Tom said I looked surprised.
I'll come early.
I mopped the floor.
I'm a health nut.
I needed guidance.
Tom said I looked skeptical.
I'll come later.
I paid the cashier.
I'm a little fat.
I needed training.
Tom said I looked satisfied.
I'll get better.
I play the trumpet.
I'm a movie buff.
I nodded and left.
Tom said I looked miserable.
I'm a bartender.
I promised to help.
I'm a politician.
I offered to help.
Tom said I looked impressed.
I'm a beekeeper.
I slammed the door.
I'm a programmer.
I opened a window.
Tom said I looked impatient.
I'm a biologist.
I slipped and fell.
I'm a slow eater.
I opened the cage.
Tom said I looked fantastic.
I'm a good shot.
I spilled the milk.
I'm a songwriter.
I opened the gate.
Tom said I looked exhausted.
I'm a physicist.
I started laughing.
I'm a workaholic.
I opened the hood.
Tom said I looked disgusted.
I'm a quiet guy.
I started the fire.
I'm an FBI agent.
I opened the safe.
Tom said I looked different.
I'm a smart man.
I started to laugh.
I'm an undergrad.
I ordered a drink.
Tom said I looked depressed.
I'm a volunteer.
I stirred the soup.
I'm back in town.
I picked the lock.
Tom said I looked confident.
I'm at home now.
I tripped and fell.
I'm finally here.
I pruned the tree.
Tom isn't going to be happy.
I'm beyond help.
I turned on the TV.
I'm finally safe.
I pulled the rope.
Tom isn't feeling very well.
I'm coming soon.
I wanted to buy it.
I'm full of hope.
I put on an apron.
I'm one of Tom's classmates.
I'm discouraged.
I was all worn out.
I'm grown up now.
I ran a red light.
I give Tom money every week.
I'm early again.
I was found guilty.
I'm hard-working.
I ran out of food.
Tom will be all right soon.
I'm job hunting.
I was held hostage.
I'm in bad shape.
I ran out of time.
Tom says I did a lousy job.
I'm lighter now.
I was homeschooled.
I'm in detention.
I ran up the hill.
I'm now in jail.
I went out dancing.
I'm just a child.
I really did well.
Tom said I sounded nervous.
I'm now married.
I went sightseeing.
I'm just nervous.
I really meant it.
Tom said I looked very sad.
I'm often wrong.
I went to the YMCA.
I'm kind of tall.
I refused to talk.
Tom said I looked terrible.
I'm on the road.
I went windsurfing.
I'm nearly blind.
I remained behind.
Tom said I looked relieved.
I'm quite lucky.
I wrote the report.
I'm next in line.
I remained seated.
Tom won't stop doing that.
I'm quite picky.
I'm about your age.
I'm not a smoker.
I remained silent.
Tom won't mind doing that.
I'm really fast.
I'm not well today.
I'm not athletic.
I reserved a seat.
Tom says I'm undependable.
I'm standing up.
I'm your bodyguard.
I'm not flexible.
I retired in 2013.
Tom says I'm too trusting.
We spoke in French.
I'm not watching.
I rolled the dice.
Tom says I swear too much.
I'm trying hard.
I agreed to do that.
I'm on death row.
I rushed upstairs.
Tom says I speak too fast.
I want to know if you're planning on going to Boston with us next weekend.
I'm very active.
I boarded the plane.
I'm partly right.
I sat on the curb.
Tom says I look dignified.
I'm very choosy.
I deserve the prize.
I'm playing golf.
I shut the blinds.
Tom says I eat like a pig.
I'm very clumsy.
I had three choices.
I'm pretty tough.
I shut the drawer.
Tom says I drive too fast.
I'm very greedy.
I have a beer belly.
I'm pretty upset.
I shut the window.
Tom said I seemed stunned.
I've gotten fat.
I have good hearing.
I'm quite strong.
I skipped a grade.
Tom said I seemed relaxed.
I agreed to that.
I have many regrets.
I'm really lucky.
I started dancing.
Tom said I seemed anxious.
I agreed to wait.
I have three nieces.
I'm still unsure.
I started digging.
Tom said I looked nervous.
I baked brownies.
I have three uncles.
I'm studying now.
I started driving.
Tom said I looked foolish.
I beat you to it.
I let everyone down.
I'm such a moron.
I started packing.
Tom said I looked excited.
I became alarmed.
I need to find work.
I'm the new boss.
I started reading.
Tom said I look terrified.
I promised not to tell anyone how much we paid to have our house painted.
I began laughing.
I want to sell this.
I'm very patient.
I started running.
Tom didn't seem too sorry.
I began to blush.
I was a scrawny kid.
I'm very unlucky.
I started singing.
Tom could do that for you.
I began to dance.
I'm watching tennis.
I'm very wealthy.
I started the car.
Tom caused this to happen.
I behaved myself.
We went for a drive.
I'm with friends.
I started to sing.
Tom can go home with Mary.
I bike to school.
I have your umbrella.
I'm working hard.
I started walking.
Tom was just being silly.
I bought a horse.
I opened the windows.
I've been beaten.
I started working.
Tom says I work too hard.
I bought flowers.
I wasn't complaining.
I've been bitten.
I started writing.
Tom could do that for us.
I came by myself.
I'm just showing off.
I've been warned.
I stepped outside.
Tom can get that for you.
I came home late.
I'm not a psychopath.
I've lied to you.
I stood up slowly.
I tossed the ball to Tom.
I can dance well.
I'm not an adult yet.
I acted foolishly.
I stopped digging.
Tom says I drink too much.
I can't be fired.
I'm the last in line.
I actually did it.
I stopped talking.
Tom probably heard that.
I can't use that.
I've called a doctor.
I agreed to do so.
I stopped the car.
Tom can help us do that.
I can't use this.
I've decided to wait.
I arrived in time.
I swept the floor.
Tom can do that for you.
I caught a mouse.
I've found a new job.
I arrived on time.
I tasted the stew.
Tom waited up for Mary.
I chose the wine.
I've moved to Boston.
I asked for money.
I tasted the wine.
Tom has just texted me.
I closed one eye.
I've swept the floor.
I asked questions.
I tend to be lazy.
I've been lying to Tom.
I'm probably the only one here who knows how to do that.
I collect comics.
I've thought it over.
I ate some cheese.
I think I'm smart.
Tom stopped the fight.
I collect stamps.
I came here last week.
I became a pastor.
I took Monday off.
Tom left that for you.
I cried for help.
I have a fishing boat.
I beeped the horn.
I took this photo.
Tom has gotten fatter.
I deliver pizzas.
I paid for everything.
I boarded the bus.
I tried to resist.
I helped Tom a little.
I deserve to win.
I wasn't at home then.
I boiled the eggs.
I turned the knob.
Tom smelled the rose.
I didn't deny it.
I'll be extra careful.
I bolted the door.
I understood that.
Tom shot three times.
I didn't need it.
I've been a real fool.
I bought a webcam.
I used to be lazy.
Tom says he's unsure.
I didn't say yes.
I've lost some weight.
I broke the glass.
I used to be thin.
Tom promised me that.
I didn't succeed.
I've sobered up a bit.
I broke the rules.
I used to be ugly.
Tom can go home soon.
I didn't testify.
I didn't trust anybody.
I brought flowers.
I waited a moment.
I was Tom's roommate.
I don't eat fish.
I don't complain often.
I built a shelter.
I walked upstairs.
I was Tom's cellmate.
I got into the elevator and pushed the button for the third floor.
I don't eat much.
I often listen to jazz.
I called a doctor.
I want a sandwich.
I took Tom's picture.
I drink a little.
I tried to leave early.
I called a friend.
I wanted to dance.
Tom is welcome here.
