Layla wanted to find lasting love.
Layla refused to waste time waiting around for Mr. Perfect.
Layla's hard work paid off.
Who could possibly want to kill a girl like Layla?
The reality was far worse.
Layla lost a lot of blood.
This is a man dressed as a woman.
The victim had no breasts. In fact, it was a man dressed as a woman.
This is actually a guy dressed as a girl.
Somebody was in the car with Layla.
Layla was a transgender woman.
Layla was in fact a transgender person.
Nobody knew that Layla was a transgender person.
Police recovered Layla's iPhone.
What has the world come to?
My parents loved each other.
My parents despise each other.
My parents hate each other.
My parents despised each other.
My parents hated each other.
My parents argue a lot.
My parents argued a lot.
I love debating.
This grammatical construction is archaic.
This is an archaic grammatical construction.
This grammatical construction is no longer in use.
That is an archaic expression.
That's an archaic expression.
That expression is archaic.
That sentence sounds wrong to me.
Maybe you don't agree with what I'm saying.
Maybe you disagree with what I'm saying.
I have never been one to ignore views I disagree with.
I have never been one to suppress views I disagree with.
I have never been one to suppress individuals whose views I disagree with.
Give the man a medal.
He deserves a medal.
She deserves a medal.
I can't speak my own language very well, let alone foreign ones.
I do not respect him.
I don't respect him.
I respect him, even if I don't agree with some of his views.
I respect his views, even if I don't agree with many of them.
What we need are facts, not opinions.
We need facts, not opinions.
Coastal areas generally have milder climates.
Coastal regions generally have milder climates.
I love you. I'll call you later.
This isn't my native dialect.
We're gonna be able to stay together.
This is treason!
Layla was staying at a hotel next door.
You'll all hang for this, you ungrateful, treasonous bastards!
This is mutiny!
Hand me my sword.
Hand me my sword!
I need my sword.
Where are my arrows?
Where is my bow?
Where is my quiver?
Hand me that sword.
Hand me that sword!
I am not currently planning on doing that.
I'm not currently planning on doing that.
They're going to kill us all.
They're going to kill us all!
They are going to kill us all.
They are going to kill us all!
The castle is under siege.
The fortress is under siege.
Fire a laser at him.
Shoot them down.
Shoot it down.
We don't have enough bombs.
We've run out of bombs.
I can't imagine living a life without books.
My life would be very dull without books.
Is virtual reality just a fad?
I don't have enough money to buy that.
I want that doll.
I want that doll!
It's just a toy with no practical use.
Do you think I haven't thought of that?
My girlfriend left me.
He gets offended easily.
She gets offended easily.
He has a short temper.
She has a short temper.
I have a short temper.
I have trouble controlling my anger.
I'm not an eloquent person.
I'm not an eloquent man.
I am not an eloquent man.
I am not an eloquent person.
Who do you love more, your mom or your dad?
Layla is now homeless.
Layla was homeless and hungry.
Layla loved Sami very much.
Layla and Sami had it all.
Layla's life is heading in the right direction.
Layla needed to feel loved.
Everybody thought we were sisters.
Layla was too young to be a mother.
Layla thought that Salma was too young to be a mother.
Layla moved home to be with her mother.
Layla and Salma were inseparable.
Nothing will ever separate us again.
Layla liked to keep to herself.
Mosquitoes are insects.
Layla and Sami wanted to start over fresh.
What's with that face?
We're still way too far from the bridge.
Why haven't they shown up yet?
She washes an apple.
Why are flamingos pink?
Explore the cave, but bring a flashlight with you.
Don't climb on the wall.
Don't climb the wall.
Are flamingos wading birds?
You are our advocate Tom.
You must read Teen Wolf and watch Road the Perdition.
The good and right way.
The stork is a wading bird.
This is an interesting book, isn't it?
For homework, Tom has to write a modern fairy tale.
Tom's garrulity is really starting to get on my nerves.
James Joyce's Ulysses is a stream-of-consciousness narrative.
Those boots don't fit Tom's aesthetic.
Tom filled Mary in on all the salacious gossip.
Tom cannot stop drinking alcohol.
A widow is a woman whose husband has died.
Your son is almost a copy of your father.
A woman whose wife has died is a widow.
A widower is a man whose spouse has died.
A widower is a man whose wife has died.
A widower is a man whose husband has died.
This topic is trending among teens and tweens on Twitter.
It rained all Monday afternoon.
I'll be free all day Monday.
I'll be free all Monday afternoon.
I spent all afternoon in the library.
I went to the coffee shop yesterday.
My mother was a wonderful person.
His article is better than mine.
Is it just a fad?
Life is a series of coincidences.
Life is just a series of coincidences.
Tom can't tell the difference between Putin and Stalin.
Your words split my heart in twain.
She lost hope.
What mediocre propaganda!
In many languages, it is difficult to speak or write without revealing one's gender.
I used to play a lot of video games.
I used to play video games.
Tom can't stop eating chocolate.
Tom can't stop translating.
Empty your pockets into your mind, and your mind will fill up your pockets.
In this world nothing can be said to be certain, except death and taxes!
Drying a tear is more honorable than shedding torrents of blood.
Berlin has the best air quality of any large European city.
Like any high school student, Layla was boy-crazy.
We all had dinner at a restaurant.
Stop being an idiot.
Don't be a schmuck.
You can't let him do that to you.
That is an improbable coincidence.
No one knows how to do that.
You are the worst.
This is the worst job I've ever had.
Of all the jobs I've ever had, this is the worst.
He cheated on his wife.
I cheated on my wife.
I cheated on my husband.
She cheated on her husband.
He cheated on his husband.
She cheated on her wife.
I'm cheating on my wife.
I'm cheating on my husband.
He's cheating on his wife.
She's cheating on her husband.
He's cheating on his husband.
She's cheating on her wife.
His wife manages their finances.
Her husband manages their finances.
His husband manages their finances.
Her wife manages their finances.
Emmanuel Macron is a staunch defender of the European Union.
I cry easily.
I cry when I'm contradicted.
Fifty-eight percent of the French are homeowners.
Did she see us?
Sex is everywhere in our society.
Pierre didn't understand any of it.
My kids are at school.
His kids are at school.
Her kids are at school.
Their kids are at school.
Their children are at school.
Her children are at school.
His children are at school.
School sucks!
Please don't make me go to school.
Please don't make me go to school anymore.
There's a bully at school.
Rape is a serious problem on college campuses.
Bullying in schools is a serious problem.
My handwriting is so bad, even I can't read it.
I can't read my own handwriting.
Cats are adorable.
I'm trying to make my handwriting more legible.
We should order a pizza.
Want to go to the pizza place?
I wish I could come with you guys.
I'd like to visit that place someday.
I want to visit that place someday.
Travelling causes a significant amount of pollution.
He didn't buy bread.
They got lost in the cave.
I got lost in the cave.
They got lost in the forest.
She got lost in the forest.
This area is gradually being deforested.
The vegetation is being replaced by factories and highways.
I don't have a backyard.
The bridge between Denmark and Sweden is almost five Swedish miles long.
How big is the house?
How much is the house?
How much does the house cost?
That's not a word.
That is an incomplete sentence.
Despite the efforts of environmentalists, the deforestation of the region continues.
His music is rich in polyphony.
I love strawberries!
How could you think that about me?
Tomorrow I'll leave this city forever.
I don't understand how you can understand that language.
Whenever he entered the room, everyone immediately stopped talking, as though by command.
She's supposed to give birth this month.
Tom asked him again: "Where is my money? Answer me, slave!"
Is Mary in the garden?
Which is heavier — a kilogram of sand, or a kilogram of paper?
How long were you on the island?
He can't come, because he's sick.
I wish I'd listened to my mother's advice and become a lawyer.
Layla was going to a remote part of Canada.
The van was painted green.
It was still dark.
What's that butterfly?
What's that lizard?
What's that tree?
A loyal brother helps his sister.
Praise be to those who brought coffee to Europe.
I need a few people to help me.
I go to a restaurant every other day.
Tom won't bother you.
Tom won't disturb you.
Tom won't interfere with you.
His father bought him recordings of birds singing.
Science builds planes and skyscrapers, but faith brings them together.
Science flies you to the moon. Religion flies you into buildings.
Do you prefer waffles or pancakes?
He has never made a waffle.
I have to go to the doctor.
The French voted today.
What's this vegetable called?
What's this bird called?
What's this tree called?
What's this butterfly called?
What's this lizard called?
What's that snake called?
What's this stone?
What's this plant?
What is this mushroom?
Even though we've been living in this apartment for six years, it's never really felt like home to me.
You have long hair.
You have really long hair.
Your hair is really long.
What color are the apples?
What color are the birds?
Sami and Layla were like two magnets pulling towards each other.
How about a Caribbean holiday?
Love is a luxury I simply can't afford.
Layla disappeared and left two children behind.
Sami and Layla loved each other dearly.
Is this color okay?
Is this the right color?
Is this the color you want?
The color green is often associated with environmentalism.
The color green is often associated with Esperanto.
The color green is often associated with money.
The color green is often associated with money and the world of finance, because banknotes in many countries are green.
The color red can be associated with left-wing politics, fire, heat, blood, or undesirable events.
The color red is often used in signs or warnings to indicate actions or states that are undesirable.
The color blue is often associated with cold temperatures, water, and conservative politics.
Left-wing parties generally use red in their symbols.
Environmentalist parties generally use the color green in their symbols and names.
I don't have a favorite color.
I like all the colors equally.
Would you like to go to Japan?
I want to go to Europe someday.
I want to go to the UK someday.
Is this a real word?
Does this word even exist?
Is this one word or two?
Is it one word or two?
Words can change the world.
Words are powerful.
The language has almost no written literature.
The language has never been written down.
No one has ever written in this language.
It has never been a written language.
This language is exclusively oral.
No orthography has been developed for the written form of the language.
No orthography has been devised for the written form of the language.
The written form of the language has no standard orthography.
The language has no standard orthography.
No one is sure exactly how this word should be spelled.
This is a bizarre orthography.
Why does the language have such a strange orthography?
These diactritics are unnecessary and aesthetically displeasing.
It is more elegant to use diacritics, rather than multiple letters, to represent a sound.
That sound does not exist in the language as a separate phoneme.
The sound exists in the language only as an allophone of the phoneme /t/.
The sound exists in the language, but only as an allophone.
The phone [b] exists in the language only as an allophone of /p/.
In that language, voiceless consonants tend to be voiced intervocalically.
This consonant tends to become voiced between vowels.
Who am I to tell you what to do?
In this language, the phoneme /b/ is pronounced [p] when it occurs at the end of a word.
The two phones, which initially were allophones of a single phoneme, became distinct phonemes as a result of these sound changes.
I suppose I could help you.
I suppose I could help him.
I suppose I could help her.
I suppose I could help them.
I don't see why I should help you.
I don't see why I should help her.
I don't see why I should help him.
Give me one reason why I should help you.
Give me one reason why I should help her.
Give me one reason why I should help him.
Give me one reason why I should help them.
Give me one good reason why I should do that.
Give me one reason why I should do that.
Give me one reason I should do it.
It's certainly possible.
There's no reason why it couldn't be done.
It is certainly feasible.
It is feasible.
It's feasible.
It's certainly feasible.
That is not feasible with current technology.
That will likely become feasible with future technology.
Technology is continually improving.
Technology is always getting better.
We must become a multi-planet species.
We have to become a multi-planet species.
I suggest that if you have no solutions, you should be quiet.
You criticize without offering any solutions.
You criticize, but you never offer any solutions.
He has a remarkable knack for talking for hours without saying anything.
He is the master of empty verbiage.
Empty verbiage is my specialty.
I can easily produce impressive-sounding gibberish on demand.
You never let me do anything by myself.
You never let me go anywhere by myself.
He can produce pages and pages of impressive-sounding sentences that don't mean anything.
I'm using the passive voice because I don't want to take responsibility for my actions.
The passive voice is being used in order to avoid taking responsibility for the policies' consequences.
I won't let you do this.
I will not let you do this.
I won't let him do this.
I won't let her do this.
I will not let him do this.
I will not let her do this.
I won't let them do this.
I will not let them do this.
I won't let them do this to you.
I will not let them do this to you.
I won't let him do this to you.
I will not let him do this to you.
I won't let her do this to you.
I will not let her do this to you.
I won't let you do this to me.
I will not let you do this to me.
He was shot while attempting to cross the border.
After the commercial break, we'll see the second part of the fight.
You don't want to be on Santa Claus' naughty list.
You want to be on Santa Claus' nice list, don't you?
You can't tell me the thought has never crossed your mind.
You can't tell me you've never thought of doing that.
The thought never crossed my mind.
Did the thought ever cross your mind?
Of course the thought crossed my mind.
I wish I knew where to go next.
I wish I knew what to do next.
You'll never take me alive.
Capture him alive.
I need him alive.
Can you play the trombone?
Can you play the trumpet?
Can you play the clarinet?
Can you play the flute?
Can you play the cello?
Can you play the oboe?
I want him alive.
He's of no use to me dead.
It's no use doing that.
You really deserve it.
My opinion doesn't matter.
You don't want to know my opinion.
Are statistics facts?
I doubt he knows what he's talking about.
I doubt she knows what she's talking about.
I doubt you know what you're talking about.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
You are such an idiot.
You are so dumb.
You're so dumb.
I hate those people.
His entire life and worldview is based on hatred.
I like to think I'm a rational person.
I'm not a rational person, and neither is anyone else.
No one is rational.
We are emotional creatures.
We are irrational beings.
Humans are fundamentally irrational.
Humans are fundamentally emotional.
Stop being so emotional and think logically, for once!
Love is a scam.
Love isn't all it's cracked up to be.
Love ain't all it's cracked up to be.
Don't let him bamboozle you into falling for his scam.
Don't let him do this to you.
Don't let her do this to you.
Don't make me do this to you.
I really don't want to hurt you.
Nobody's perfect. We're people, not angels.
I'm addicted to the internet.
I'm addicted to reading internet comments.
I can't stop myself from reading internet comments.
For one reason or another, Sami and Layla were unable to have children.
Layla filed for divorce in 2000.
Sami and Layla argued over the custody of their children.
After the divorce, Sami and Layla agreed on sharing their house.
Sami feared something was amiss.
Sami walked into the house.
Police were on the scene within minutes.
Sami has been dead for at least a day.
Sami was cut badly.
Sami was stunned by a taser.
How can you possibly allow all these sites to know everything you do?
This article is full of legal jargon.
This article is full of legalese.
I can't understand any of this legalese.
I don't speak legalese.
I can't understand legalese.
I don't understand legalese.
All this technical jargon is gibberish to me.
After Sami's death, his estate went to Layla.
"Would you marry me?" "Yes!"
"Would you marry me?" "Of course!"
He speaks very slowly.
Why should I care what they think?
Why should I care what she thinks?
Why should I care what he thinks?
Why should you care what I think? Well, here are some reasons why my advice can help you.
Why should you care what I think?
He is a despicable human being.
You are a despicable human being.
She is a despicable human being.
She's a despicable human being.
You're a despicable human being.
He's a despicable human being.
I'm a despicable human being.
I am a despicable human being.
Can't I do it tomorrow?
I promise I'll do it tomorrow.
I have no imagination.
She has no imagination.
He has no imagination.
They have no imagination.
Layla didn't want to marry Sami and she turned him down.
Layla continued to see Sami and other men.
Layla would be flirtatious with other men.
Layla was very sexual with any man she found sexually attractive.
I almost missed the deadline.
He almost missed the deadline.
She almost missed the deadline.
They almost missed the deadline.
We almost missed the deadline.
Sami gave Layla the business card of a local gun store and shooting range.
Fish, amphibians, and reptiles are cold-blooded animals.
Tom didn't want to tell anybody about what had happened.
Tom didn't want to tell anybody about what was going on.
Tom didn't want to tell anybody about what he had done.
Sami has been drinking very heavily.
Tom didn't want to tell anybody where he'd been.
Tom didn't want to tell anybody anything.
Tom told Mary that he didn't want to study French.
Three people were injured in the accident.
Three people were killed by the bomb.
Three people got hurt by the explosion.
I decided not to tell Tom about what had happened.
Tom decided not to tell Mary that he was leaving.
Tom didn't tell Mary that he was leaving.
Tom didn't tell Mary where he lived.
Tom didn't tell Mary who his father was.
Tom didn't tell Mary what she wanted to know.
Tom didn't tell Mary when he'd be arriving.
Tom didn't tell Mary why he was late.
There is no one here by that name.
Tom didn't tell Mary why he didn't like her.
Tom didn't tell Mary why he didn't want her to go to Boston with him.
Sami went to wake Layla.
Don't you answer me back. I'm your father.
Sami was blasted with a shotgun.
Sami was blasted several times with a shotgun.
I've finally found a recipe for happiness: marrying Layla.
She became paralyzed from the neck down.
Sami is cooling his heels in Florida.
It makes me happy doing it.
I enjoy every moment of it.
True love is hard to find.
This will never absolve Sami of the crime.
Sami drove a Porsche and Layla a Jaguar.
Layla loved to see and be seen.
Sami wanted to be like Fadil.
Sami shot Layla twice through a pillow.
What is wrong with these people?
It's not a new idea.
I will only say it once, so listen carefully.
I will only say this once, so listen carefully.
Do you think I'm protecting him?
Do you think I'm protecting her?
What were you thinking, Tom?
Did you use protection?
You've been manipulating me.
You've been manipulating me all along.
I'm sorry if I made you uncomfortable.
Let me see your birthmark.
Let me see your palm.
The nurse removed Tom's bandages.
It makes me cry every time.
Somebody should make a movie out of this.
I would like to travel and visit new places.
Sometimes, my memory plays tricks on me.
I like beef more than anything.
I like beef most of all.
I like beef more than anything else.
It will end well, never fear!
It'll turn out fine. Don't be afraid.
Tom is laughing at me.
He said he'd call me, but he hasn't done it yet.
Sami was hitting on women.
GDP isn't a measure of well-being.
Climate change is the biggest threat that we face.
If you don't ask the right question, you won't get the right answer.
GDP isn't a measure of the quality of life in a country.
I saw it on Twitter.
I read it on Facebook.
Nobody had ever done anything like this before.
No one has ever done anything like this before
Nobody has done anything quite like this before.
Nobody had ever done anything like that before.
Nobody has ever done anything like this before.
Nobody's ever done anything like this before.
Nobody had ever done this for me.
Maria glued many small hearts to the fridge.
The guards are sacred and inviolable.
I am entering the cafe to get something to drink.
Whoever left this door ajar definitely did it on purpose.
That wasn't directed at you.
Raw, simmered, or grilled, tomatoes are a delicious ingredient.
This picture is blurry.
The parrot bobbed his head up and down.
Tom went straight to his room.
Stop grinning like an idiot.
And then she kissed him.
And then she slapped him.
And then he kissed her.
She turned away from him so he wouldn't see the tears in her eyes.
Tom was mystified.
Tom can do twice the work in half the time.
I want to spend the rest of my life with you. I love you.
I'm not going to make the same mistake as last time.
I'm not going to make the same mistake again.
Cookie just wanted a belly rub.
What are we going to do with them?
Let me through.
Tom dressed up as a doctor.
The unkempt girl was completely unable to keep things neat and tidy.
Who a person is is not determined by what they look like.
Again, Tom has gone and gotten mad at me.
You know, you're always in my heart.
For a business owner, having a clear overview of one's entire business is vital.
Tom and Mary came in their cars. Tom's was blue, Mary's red.
This store uses a water filter.
This store's water is filtered.
If you have nothing nice to say, don't say anything at all.
What's a good way to get to Ogikubo?
Tom said he would be going to Boston on business next month.
I have a nice pair of shoes that are too small for me. Would you like them?
Tom has been studying at Harvard for the last three years.
How many people do you think will be at today's meeting?
Do you think Tom has enough money to buy that kind of car?
I think I'll be able to do that today before I go home.
Tom was only three years old when he first came to Australia.
We know that doing that will require a lot of money.
Tom said he would've done that by himself if he could've.
You've got to get this done before you can go home.
Tom said he was willing to do whatever needed to be done.
Do you think this summer will be hotter than usual?
Tom was caught stealing apples from his neighbor's tree.
Would you like me to turn on the air conditioner?
Tom has been living in Boston for the last three years.
Schools will be closed today because of the snow.
There's a very good chance that Tom will get that job.
Schools will be closed today due to the weather.
Not only did Tom break his leg, he got badly burned.
I think you don't have enough money to buy that.
I think Tom just wanted more time to think about it.
Mr. Jackson doesn't accept gifts from students.
Tom wouldn't tell me where he had hidden the money.
Did you have to share a room with your brother?
Tom would've come to Boston with us if he could've.
How many people did it take to move the piano?
Do you mean you didn't know Tom had gotten married?
I wouldn't want to do that without some help.
Tom may forget to do that if you don't remind him.
Can someone please tell me what's happening?
Tom has already bought everything he needs to buy.
Can someone please explain what's happening?
I'm pretty sure that Tom would've been happy here.
You have to do this before you can go home.
Tom wouldn't tell me who he was planning to meet.
I wouldn't want to do something like that.
Tom would've done that by himself if he could've.
I think I'll be able to do that by myself.
There's a very good chance that Tom will do that.
That's something we can only dream about.
There's a very good chance that Tom will be late.
Drinking tea always makes me feel better.
Tom wouldn't rest until he did his daily chores.
Do you think you're up to the challenge?
Tom says he wants to learn how to drive a truck.
Do you have any idea what could be wrong?
Tom has been told never to come back here again.
What are you worried about exactly?
Tom can't play tennis as well as he says he can.
We know that doing that will cost a lot.
I wouldn't have said anything to Tom about that.
Is this going to cost us a lot of money?
I don't know why Tom doesn't want to go with us.
You can't do that by yourself, can you?
I don't know why Tom doesn't want me to do that.
Mary was wearing heart-shaped earrings.
Do you think Tom and Mary are too young to date?
Would you like to hear a scary story?
Tom said he wasn't going to Boston next summer.
Would you like me to fix the problem?
Tom was here for quite a while this afternoon.
Would this be a good time to do that?
Tom has already given Mary what she asked for.
When would be a good time to do that?
Do you think Tom has enough money to buy that?
I wouldn't have gone there by myself.
I don't know why Tom doesn't want to do that.
You don't have enough money, do you?
Do you think Tom is still worried about that?
Do you really want to help the poor?
Tom wrote over thirty books in his lifetime.
It's starting to get light outside.
Tom works at a museum not too far from here.
I wouldn't have given up so easily.
Tom wasn't willing to spend that much money.
I moved here when I was just a kid.
Tom suggested to Mary that she study harder.
Does anyone really want to do that?
Tom says he wants to learn to drive a truck.
Do those people have enough to eat?
Tom said he would only stay for a few hours.
Which of these do you like better?
Tom wouldn't be here if it weren't for you.
It's starting to get dark outside.
Tom would've gone to Boston if he could've.
It's starting to get cold in here.
Tom was the first person to get here today.
I think you're being unreasonable.
Tom has already bought everything he wants.
Do you want to hear a scary story?
Tom has already bought everything he needs.
Do you want me to fix the problem?
Tom and I always have a good time together.
Boston wasn't what I had expected.
Do you think Tom will have time to help us?
Are you worried about your grades?
Tom would've just smiled and said nothing.
Did you do what I told you to do?
Tom went as far as the station by himself.
I think I'll be able to do that.
Tom said he wasn't going to do that again.
Do you have the guts to do that?
Tom has been dating Mary for three months.
Did you put anything in the tea?
Tom has already talked to Mary about that.
When would you like to do that?
Tom will play golf next Monday with Mary.
The meeting will start at 2:30.
Tom will find a way to do that, I'm sure.
The concert will start at 2:30.
Tom went to Boston on business last week.
Is this going to cost us a lot?
Tom has been told never to do that again.
I think we made a huge mistake.
We know that Tom is unlikely to do that.
Exactly how much did that cost?
Tom has just gotten out of the hospital.
You're being sarcastic, right?
Tom would visit Mary whenever he could.
Would you like to do that now?
Tom will be here by this time tomorrow.
The parade will start at 2:30.
Tom was lucky we were here to help him.
Tell me what needs to be done.
Tom says he wants to eat pizza tonight.
I've been there and done that.
Tom has just been given another chance.
I moved here when I was three.
Tom wouldn't tell me how much he paid.
How long did the meeting last?
Tom wouldn't tell me his phone number.
Does anybody want to buy this?
Tom wouldn't do that, I'm pretty sure.
Do I need to worry about that?
Tom would've helped us if he could've.
Are you guys ready to do that?
Tom would've done that if he could've.
Are you going to study French?
Tom should be back within three hours.
Schools will be closed today.
Tom refused to show me how to do that.
Is it all right if I do this?
Tom left the restaurant by himself.
I wouldn't give up so easily.
Tom would deny that, I'm pretty sure.
I moved here a few years ago.
Tom wiped the table with a wet cloth.
Does your room have a closet?
Tom will be our next class president.
Did you just figure that out?
Tom wasn't as fast as the rest of us.
Did you have to share a room?
Tom was only thirteen years old then.
Did you expect me to do that?
Tom says he wants to live by himself.
Can't we do better than that?
Tom says he wants to go there by bus.
Can we trust a man like that?
Tom said he didn't have enough money.
Can anyone out there help me?
Tom refused to even consider my plan.
Can I ask the first question?
Tom isn't the one who make the rules.
Boy, I wish I had known that?
Tom has just been released from jail.
Are you going to cook supper?
Tom advised Mary to talk to a lawyer.
Are we doing the best we can?
I don't even know Tom's phone number.
Would you like to know more?
I came to school with Tom on the bus.
Will that happen right away?
Do you think Tom will let me do that?
Why do you think I did that?
Do you agree with what Tom just said?
Is it the wrong thing to do?
Tom wouldn't tell me where he lived.
Is it the right thing to do?
Tom would do that whenever he could.
Is it OK if I don't do that?
Tom wasn't allowed to join the team.
Is it OK if I don't come in?
Tom said he would only talk to Mary.
I wouldn't have bought that.
Tom has already spent his allowance.
Hasn't this happened before?
Tom always leaves home before seven.
Has it always been this way?
Tom won't have a chance to do that.
Don't you want to know more?
Tom will return within three hours.
Doesn't this sound familiar?
Tom will be a good father, I think.
Doesn't that sound familiar?
Tom was in his office at that time.
Does this seem right to you?
Tom says he wants to go to Harvard.
Does that sound fair to you?
Tom said he wasn't going to Boston.
Do you want to live forever?
Tom said he didn't need to do that.
Do you want to leave Boston?
Tom said he didn't have to do that.
Do you think it's a problem?
Tom refused to answer my questions.
Do you mean you didn't know?
Tom has agreed to help us tomorrow.
Tom claims he hasn't yet been paid.
Do I need to worry about it?
Tom claims he hasn't been paid yet.
Can we just stop doing this?
Tom and Mary played tennis all day.
Are you up to the challenge?
I wouldn't have helped Tom do that.
Are you prepared to do this?
Do you think I should wait for Tom?
Are you happy where you are?
Did Tom figure that out by himself?
Are you going to vote today?
Tom wrote a paper on that subject.
Are you already on the team?
Tom wrote a book about his family.
Am I the only one who cares?
Tom wouldn't say how his dog died.
You can't do that, can you?
Tom stayed with us for three days.
Which way is the right way?
Tom lived with us for three years.
We didn't actually do that.
Tom has written over thirty books.
Was that a fun thing to do?
Tom has been released from prison.
This is no longer for sale.
Tom has been in this room all day.
Shall I light the fire now?
Tom advised us against doing that.
It's starting to get light.
I think Tom just wanted more time.
Is that really a good idea?
Tom's favorite food is spaghetti.
Is it getting warm in here?
Tom wouldn't let you not do that.
Is everyone ready for this?
Tom wouldn't even try to do that.
Is anyone going to read it?
Tom wouldn't even try doing that.
I wouldn't have eaten that.
Tom won't attend today's meeting.
Doesn't everybody have one?
Tom watched the spider carefully.
Does anyone out there care?
I need to see Tom sometime today.
Do you want to work for us?
I didn't expect to see Tom there.
Do you think I should wait?
Do you think Tom will talk to me?
Do you really need my help?
What do you think of Tom's plan?
Do you meditate or do yoga?
Tom's lawyers say he was framed.
Do you have any bad habits?
Tom's favorite season is spring.
Do you have an opinion now?
Tom wasn't very good at dancing.
Do you have an alarm clock?
Tom was with us for three years.
Do I need to give examples?
Tom was almost killed yesterday.
Do I need to call security?
Tom visits Mary whenever he can.
Do I need to be registered?
Tom refused to tell me anything.
Do I have to stand in line?
Tom passed the test by cheating.
Did you keep your boots on?
Tom and I had a good time today.
Did we make a huge mistake?
Tom almost drowned in the river.
Could this be all there is?
I wouldn't have let Tom do that.
Could that be the solution?
I think Tom will likely do that.
Could that be a good thing?
Tom's favorite drink is coffee.
Can I help you in some way?
Tom wouldn't give up so easily.
Can I get anything for you?
Tom wouldn't even say hi to me.
Aren't you glad we did that?
Tom would've made a difference.
Am I too old to learn yoga?
Tom would often come to see me.
Would you like to read it?
Tom would be glad to hear that.
Would you like to have it?
Tom works at a hotel in Boston.
Will you keep this for me?
Tom will never leave you alone.
Will you be gone for long?
Tom will never have to do that.
Will we have a hot summer?
Tom will never change his mind.
Will we be gone that long?
Tom will find a way to do that.
Which guitar should I get?
Tom will do that soon, I think.
It's getting warm in here.
Tom will certainly be punished.
Is it possible to do that?
Tom will be back within a week.
Guess who's paying for it.
Tom will be back in a few days.
Does that still scare you?
Tom will be at home until noon.
Do you think we need this?
Tom will be a senior next year.
Do you think that's wrong?
Tom will arrive within an hour.
Can we do that right away?
Tom went to the museum by taxi.
Are you sure that'll work?
Tom went out for a few minutes.
Tom went out a few minutes ago.
Why is that so important?
Tom wasn't wearing a warm coat.
What should be done here?
Tom wasn't very good last year.
Why do you think I came?
Tom wasn't very good at sports.
Who cares what they say?
Tom wasn't planning to retreat.
What does all this mean?
Tom wasn't planning to give up.
Please keep this for me.
Tom wasn't planning to do that.
Are you making progress?
Tom wasn't part of the scandal.
How's the plan working?
Tom wasn't close to being done.
That's a hard problem.
Tom wasn't at home at the time.
Does anyone want this?
Tom wasn't a very good witness.
Do I need to do that?
Tom was walking in front of me.
It's a hard problem.
Tom was trying to make a point.
Are you on the team?
Tom was never heard from again.
Are we going to win?
Tom was my first piano teacher.
Was that fun to do?
Tom was more scared than I was.
Do you meditate?
Tom was left alone in the room.
Do you do yoga?
Can you proofread this essay for me?
Could you proofread my essay?
Does this essay have any errors in it?
Is my essay any good?
I am such an idiot.
Have you read my essay?
My essay is terrible.
Did you read the article I wrote for the newspaper?
Did you read the editorial I wrote for the newspaper?
Hang up now.
Hang up the phone.
He doesn't scare me.
She doesn't scare me.
They don't scare me.
What is fear?
He is an unhinged maniac.
He's an unhinged maniac.
Agricultural exports have risen significantly over the past decade.
Milk is a lot cheaper over there.
What's your favorite flavor?
Which flavor is your favorite?
I don't like that flavor.
I hate that flavor.
That's my favorite flavor.
How did you know that was my favorite flavor?
Would you proofread my essay for me?
Would you proofread this essay for me?
I'm proofreading my essay.
My essay isn't very good.
I won an award for that essay.
That essay got me a scholarship.
Get on the boat.
Prices have risen significantly over the past decade.
The cost of living here is astronomical.
It is very expensive to live here.
The cost of living here is very cheap.
Apartments here are really cheap.
Apartments here are really expensive.
Apartments here are very expensive.
Apartments here are very cheap.
Which regions have a lower cost of living?
Which city has a lower cost of living?
Where are house prices lower?
I want to move somewhere where the rent isn't so high.
I want to move somewhere where the house prices aren't so high.
I moved to a city where the apartments were cheaper.
I moved to a city with cheaper apartments.
I wasn't affected by the recession.
The recession didn't affect me.
I moved to a city with a milder climate.
It gets really cold here in the winter.
I would like you to close your eyes.
Please close your eyes.
You forgot your backpack.
You dropped your backpack.
You dropped your phone.
You dropped your bags.
You dropped your bag.
You dropped your wallet.
You dropped your glasses.
You forgot your credit card.
You forgot your bags.
You forgot your bag.
You dropped your hat.
My memory is terrible.
I have terrible memory.
Sami was a pillar in the community.
Sami dressed as a woman.
I don't remember what I did yesterday.
I don't remember what I did today.
Sami was dressed as a woman.
Sami had a secret life.
What's in the wallet?
I need to get new glasses.
I need to get this watch fixed.
I should get this watch fixed.
I need to get this car fixed.
The computer's stopped working.
The computer has stopped working.
Can you fix my phone?
Sami was there when his mother killed herself.
Sami developed issues when he was a child.
There's a hole in the floor.
A new woman came into Sami's life.
Sami is from a wealthy Jewish family.
Sami adored Layla.
Suicide is never the answer.
Sami was taken with Layla.
Their whirlwind courtship quickly led to marriage.
My mission is to help people achieve their dreams.
Sami and Layla were happily married.
Layla began to see a different side to Sami.
Sami had a violent streak.
Don't you threaten me.
Layla was seen with bruises on her body.
Go to your room, young man!
Sami called Layla in the middle of the night.
He whines a lot.
Layla threatened Sami with divorce.
He loves whining.
What are you, chicken?
Layla stayed in the marriage until 2005.
Sami is driving me crazy.
Sami joined his friend for a family meal.
Sami has been there an hour or two.
I'm having dinner with a friend.
There's going to be a major fight when I get home.
Sami told me something that chilled me to the bone.
I'm afraid of Sami.
It's the last time Sami will ever see Layla.
I still wonder why I let Layla go.
Who gave you this car?
Who gave you this phone?
Who gave you these glasses?
Who gave you this watch?
Who gave you this wallet?
I don't recognize your dictatorial rules.
Who gave you this credit card?
Who gave you this suitcase?
I don't recognize your despotic authority.
You dropped your suitcase.
You forgot your suitcase.
I'm not afraid of schoolyard bullies.
Layla made a shocking discovery.
Suspicion surrounded Layla.
No body was found.
Layla accidentally set fire to her wig.
Layla was arrested in Cairo for shoplifting.
Tom likes to watch TV while he eats.
Tom likes to eat while he's watching TV.
I'm glad I trusted my instincts.
Layla finally faced trial for the murder of Sami Fadil.
Sexy is a dirty word.
Layla was a pillar of the community.
Sami liked prostitutes.
You must finish the task by any means necessary.
I give you permission to do whatever it takes to finish the job.
In seventeen sixty-seven, the New Testament was printed in Scottish Gaelic.
Sami is a pillar of his church in Toronto.
Sami is lucky to be alive.
Layla prefers the second option.
Sami was taking prostitutes to the Carribean.
Layla was out of control.
Sami is tired of his nagging wife.
Sami didn't want to lose his wife.
Sami dressed like a ninja assassin.
Layla was arrested for a parole violation.
It's in your best interest to testify against Sami.
Layla was sitting at a bus stop.
Layla thought she was smarter than anybody else.
Layla's luck has run out.
This time, Layla's luck has run out.
Please return to me my love.
Layla moved to Egypt, leaving Sami heartbroken.
Layla ended her affair with Sami.
I'm uncomplete without you.
Sami took his own life in prison.
That's why Sami took his own life.
It's a nice area to live in.
Sami speaks with the heavy French accent of his birthplace.
Not long ago, when we were in a book store in Scotland, my wife asked the young clerk if he had a Gaelic version of a certain children's book.
Layla isn't the first girl to fall under Sami's spell.
I'll get you for this if it's the last thing I do!
I'll get you for this!
You'll pay for this!
Nobody has ever done anything like this for me before.
You don't interest me.
Love conquers all things, so we too shall yield to love.
In unity is strength.
It was a splendid performance.
The bad weather prevented Tom from attending the play.
Just hurry and get it over with.
We better hurry and get it over with.
Hurry and get it over with.
It’s just not working out.
It's gotta be a joke.
It's gotta be a joke, right?
That was really weird.
I've been waiting so long for this day.
I've been waiting so long for this.
It's always so nice to see you.
Looks like no one's home.
Tom is a pain in the ass.
I'm going to change into more comfortable clothes.
Tom sat on his bed and opened his laptop.
You might want to change into something more comfortable.
I'll worry about that tomorrow.
I learned a new word today.
There's an apple tree in the garden.
Is that not the castle that Cinderella danced in?
The audience is booing and hissing.
Thank you so much for having me.
Layla looked me dead in the eye.
Layla caught a train back to Cairo.
Layla was at my house the previous Sunday.
Layla's phone was in the garbage.
Layla may have been involved in the robbery.
Layla said it on television.
Layla was found dead in her apartment in Cairo.
Layla wouldn't let anyone in her home.
Layla knew too much.
Sami dated a deaf-mute woman.
Sami passed as a woman.
Layla thought her electricity bill was too high.
Layla saw a guy dressed as a woman.
Layla trusted her instincts.
Layla got caught.
Layla was arrested and extradited back to Egypt.
Layla spent a few years in prison.
I'm doing the best I can to keep my promise.
Layla wanted pleasure.
Layla wanted cocain.
Sami wanted prostitutes.
Layla is a devout churchgoer.
Layla comes from a strict religious background.
Layla had religious inscriptions in her business card.
Religion was Layla's middle name.
Church was Sami's middle name.
Layla was dedicated to her family.
Layla was a model mother.
Layla worked hard.
Layla worked very hard.
Layla confessed her sins to the priest.
Layla was a good Christian.
Layla suffered a stroke days after her forty fourth birthday.
Layla came to Canada looking for opportunity.
Layla's saintly exterior masks inner demons.
Layla is lucky to be alive.
Layla donated to her church.
Divorce is not an option.
A lot of questions need answering.
Layla is lying to us.
Layla is causing problems.
Layla pulled up behind Sami's car.
No one came to Layla's rescue.
Layla had six children at home.
Layla pleaded for her life.
Layla died in prison of a heat attack.
Is it heaven or hell for me?
Layla was asking for money.
Layla seemed to have a devil in her.
Layla heard the shots.
Sami was a UCLA basketball star.
It's a lot harder than it looks.
Layla was the only one who saw something.
Layla was our family doctor.
Layla made a fortune.
Trust me on that one.
Preserving world peace is one of the main purposes of the United Nations.
The UN has played a major role in defusing international crises and preventing conflicts.
The Secretary–General may bring to the attention of the Security Council any matter which appears to threaten international peace and security.
I gave you an order.
I don't like other people touching my stuff.
I don't like other people touching my things.
Moses led the Israelites out of Egypt.
Tom gave Mary flowers.
Mary blushed.
Mary blushed again.
He has a sky-blue jumper.
He hears what he wants to hear.
Sami and Layla's divorce lasted longer than their marriage.
Layla knew Sami all too well.
Layla was just home from school.
I would like to report a crime.
I was raped.
Someone stole my backpack.
Someone stole my credit cards.
Someone stole my credit card.
I'd like to report a crime.
I was sexually assaulted.
I was attacked in broad daylight.
I was mugged in broad daylight.
Crime rates have been consistently decreasing over the past few decades.
Crime rates are as low as they've ever been.
He was convicted of larceny.
He tried to rob my house.
He betrayed me.
She betrayed me.
I trusted him, and he stabbed me in the back.
I trusted her, and she stabbed me in the back.
I trusted them, and they stabbed me in the back.
Crimes rates are the lowest they've ever been.
Which computer should I get?
Which phone should I get?
I love reading comic books.
What's your favorite genre?
Who do you love more than anybody else?
Which kid is your favorite?
Who's your favorite kid?
I love both my parents equally.
We must sacrifice a newborn male to the gods.
We must sacrifice a bull to the gods.
This pleases the gods.
This is pleasing to the gods.
The gods are pleased.
The gods are pleased by your actions.
Your actions please the gods.
The gods do not take kindly to heretics.
Let us pray to the gods.
The gods will save us.
Who are the gods?
I don't believe in gods; I believe in one God.
I am a polytheist.
We are all atheists about most of the gods that societies have ever believed in. Some of us just go one god further.
Religion is a lie.
I have never been a fan of religion.
Do you believe in Zeus?
The gods will reward you.
Gods do not exist.
Do you believe in Santa Claus?
Santa Claus exists.
Of course there's a Santa Claus.
Leave a tooth under your pillow, and the tooth fairy will take it and put a present in its place.
The tooth fairy wants to steal your teeth.
The tooth fairy is a tooth thief.
Do you have no shame?
You have no shame.
Why would you ever have a child when there are so many orphans?
It does not make sense to me to have children when there are so many orphans.
Why have a kid when you can adopt?
I do not plan on ever having children.
Why don't you have any children yet?
Why don't you have any kids yet?
I want grandchildren.
I want grandkids.
Why aren't you married yet?
Why don't you have kids?
Why don't you have children?
When there are so many orphans in need, why would I have children?
Why should I have a child, when there are so many orphans?
Why should I have a kid, when there are so many orphans?
Procreation does not interest me.
I am not interested in sex.
I'm not interested in sex.
I am a misanthrope.
I'm a misanthrope.
I'm an introvert.
I am an introvert.
Reproduction does not interest me.
I don't see why I should have children.
The idea of having children is revolting to me.
If you really want to have a child, you should adopt.
You're adopted.
You're not my real parents.
Who are my real parents?
I don't know who my real parents are.
I will never know who my real parents are.
Who were my parents?
Who are my parents?
I have never known my real parents.
I wish I could have met my real parents before they passed away.
I have no idea where my children are.
I have no idea where my parents are.
I don't know if my parents are alive.
I don't know if my children are alive.
I don't even know if they're still alive.
Refugees are welcome.
That's discrimination.
VBkilled my sister.
Potato chips are my favorite.
I like to give back to a community that hates me.
What's that lemony smell?
I especially like licorice.
Your boat stinks.
Where are my flippers?
Am I being recorded?
Life is short, and Art long; the crisis fleeting; experience perilous, and decision difficult.
Just as Tom hit the snooze button for the fifth time, Mary fired a pistol directly into his liver at point blank range.
Can you do that right now?
You broke the computer. Nice going, genius.
You broke the computer. Nice going, Einstein.
The spoon was dipped in poison.
Layla lived in a very wealthy suburb of New York.
Layla was physically beautiful.
Layla and Sami started dating.
The couple was happy.
Layla faked her own death.
Layla could have faked her own death.
I'm beginning to believe that Layla could have faked her own death.
Layla contacted Sami.
Could Layla have attacked both Sami and Salima?
Layla wasn't acting like a guilty woman.
Layla was terminally ill with liver disease.
Layla's mother was brain dead.
Layla's mother was dying.
Layla's mother was still alive.
Layla donated her mother's liver to her father.
Layla made a phone call at nine o'clock.
Layla has done something really bad this time.
Layla received Sami's message hours later.
Layla was arrested in Cairo.
Layla was still missing.
We didn't know whether Layla was dead or alive.
Layla's bloated corpse was found in a river.
Layla's body was found on the bank of a river.
Layla was in the next room.
Layla fled the scene of the crime.
Remorse overwhelmed Layla.
Layla might have disappeared by choice.
Layla has been missing for two days.
Layla took her daughter to school.
Layla dropped her daughter at school.
Layla vanished into thin air.
Layla left her keys and phone in her car.
Layla admitted she argued with her husband Sami the day he disappeared.
Layla has some things she has to do.
Layla was never seen again.
Layla has set up a shrine for her missing husband.
Layla disappeared on July 3, 2004.
Layla wanted to leave Sami.
Don't tell Layla my address.
Layla never told the police about that.
Layla never told the police about Sami's call.
Layla never told the police about Sami's visit.
Layla secretly entered Sami's apartment.
What is Layla doing here?
What is Layla doing in Sami's room?
Police confronted Layla with her lies.
Layla refused to explain herself.
Layla lied to protect Sami.
This is what I believe happened to Layla that day.
Layla went to Sami's house quite willingly.
Layla was leaving Sami.
Layla's anger boiled over.
The situation got out of hand.
Layla lured Sami to her house.
Layla rejected Sami.
Layla hated Sami.
We don't know exactly how Layla died.
Layla declined to take the stand.
Layla claimed she was innocent.
Layla was playing a very cunning game.
Layla's game worked.
He is a mutton-headed old mugwump.
Don't you take that tone of voice with me!
Don't you take that tone of voice with me, young man!
Don't you take that tone of voice with me, young lady!
The FBI got wind of Sami's financial doings.
Layla was placed under house arrest.
Layla's bank accounts were frozen.
Layla's assets were frozen.
Layla was waiting for trial.
Layla couldn't stand Sami.
"I'm a changed man." "Please!"
"I have changed." "Please!"
Layla fantisized about bludgeoning Sami to death.
Layla had some surprises in store.
Layla was forced to kill Sami.
Layla was stabbed multiple times.
Layla was sexually abused by Sami.
Layla went on trial for the murder of her husband, Sami.
Layla entered the courtroom to testify.
Layla was a bubbly all-American blond.
Layla was trying to make herself Chinese in appearance.
Layla was the woman of Sami's dream.
Sami wanted violent sex.
Sami abused Layla for some time.
Layla had to act to save her life.
Layla never denied that she killed Sami.
Layla said that she was forced to kill Sami.
Layla's house became an arena for a fight to the death.
Layla struck Sami with a Chinese statue.
Layla struck Sami with an ax to save her life.
Layla shot Sami to save her life.
Layla killed Sami to save her life.
The SARS epidimic sent a panic through Asia.
Layla thought Sami was involved with somebody.
Layla engaged a private detective.
Layla got involved with Sami sexually.
Layla tried to make her marriage work.
Layla was reluctant to move back to Cairo.
Layla kept writing to her lover.
Layla decided that divorce was the only option.
Layla was unable to keep that marriage alive.
Layla was feeling a bit unusual.
Layla came home at night.
The thought crossed my mind.
Layla was drugging Sami.
Layla knew that her marriage was going to end.
Layla is trying to kill Sami.
I believe that Layla is trying to kill Sami.
Layla watched her kids play in the park.
Layla dressed as a ninja assassin for Halloween.
Layla felt very strange.
Layla had a strawberry milkshake.
Layla drank a milkshake.
Layla's office called.
Layla seemed sleepy.
Wilhelm Friedrich Radloff is the famous German scientist who studied the history and folklore of Turkic peoples and compiled the first collection of Tatar folk dastans.
Layla used that opportunity to kill Sami.
Layla bludgeoned Sami to death.
Layla drugged Sami.
Layla is back now.
Layla made an odd decision.
Layla killed in self-defense.
Layla got rid of the body herself.
Layla called security.
Layla removed the heavy carpet.
It smells like dead fish.
Layla took sleeping pills.
Layla was taking a medication that could cause a heart attack.
Layla's trial lasted sixty-five days.
Layla was found guilty.
Layla was immediately sentenced to life in prison.
Layla wanted it all.
Layla wanted both the arms of her lover and the wealth of her husband.
Layla wanted all the money.
Layla was pushed to the wall.
Layla pushed Sami to the wall.
Layla settled in to her new life in an Egyptian prison cell.
Layla lost two children.
Layla liked to play Monopoly.
Layla was a girl then.
The FBI had Layla under house arrest for fraud.
Layla was murdered in Cairo two years ago.
Layla was very generous to Sami.
Layla trusted Sami.
Layla's life fell apart.
Layla had much work to do.
Layla lost a substantial amount of money.
Layla was under house arrest and couldn't leave her residence without permission.
Layla was beaten to death.
Layla had multiple stub wounds to her back.
Layla was beaten up.
Layla was tied up to a chair and tortured.
Layla and Sami were murdered two years apart.
Layla and Sami were in different businesses.
Layla was the only suspect in Sami's brutal murder.
Layla had some very loyal friends.
Layla's habits didn't change.
Prostitutes don't take credit cards or checks.
Drug dealers don't take takes.
Layla brought the cash.
Layla was the last person to see Sami alive.
Layla's body was found Monday morning.
Layla came to see the boss.
Layla wanted to be killed.
Layla wanted to torture Sami.
Layla wanted to cover up the murder.
Layla had a story for detectives.
Layla paid Sami to kill Fadil.
Layla was originally charged with conspiracy to commit murder. Not murder.
The evidence was circumstantial.
Layla gave Sami two thousand dollars if he carried out the killing.
Layla's conflicting testimony confused the court.
Layla gave six different versions of the events.
Layla still maintained her innocence.
Layla was offered a deal of six years in jail.
That was an offer Layla couldn't refuse.
Layla considered Salima a friend.
Layla found out about Sami's bisexuality.
Layla faced deportation back to her native Egypt.
Layla had nothing to do with it.
This is as clear as mud.
This story is as clear as mud.
Layla's death didn't serve any purpose.
Layla followed in Sami's path.
A tragedy occurred.
Sami was a hard-working banker.
Layla was born to win.
Layla loved horses.
Layla was stalked by death.
Layla wasn't at all who she seemed.
All the blinds were closed.
Layla didn't show up for the appointment.
Layla started to scream.
Layla lives in the heart of Silicon Valley.
Layla had a big personality.
Sami was the Donald Trump of Cairo.
Layla made millions of dollars.
Layla lived on a sprawling ranch.
Layla had a Bentley. Her husband, a Ferrari.
Layla was a college student.
Layla wanted to live a successful life.
Layla was devoted to her father.
Layla wanted to be a winner, just like Dad.
Layla had high expectations of her children.
Layla developed cancer.
Layla developed a very serious cancer.
Layla suffered with cancer.
Layla was going to have a difficult time.
Doctors declared Layla's cancer in remission.
Sami spent her life controlling million-dollar deals.
Layla and Sami was clearly having serious marital difficulties.
Layla has had enough.
Layla asked for a divorce.
Layla went with Sami.
Layla had faith that she could help Sami.
Layla wanted to rebuild her marriage.
Layla organized a get-together with her kids.
Layla invited Sami to a dinner.
Layla returned home.
Layla said goodbye to her boyfriend.
Layla missed a meeting with Sami.
Layla had missed a meeting with Sami that morning.
Layla wasn't answering.
Layla opened the door.
Layla entered the room.
Layla knew that something terrible had happened.
Layla became very nervous.
Something has happened to Layla.
Layla's body was spattered with blood.
Layla discovered the body.
Layla was at the crime scene.
Layla was lying on the bed.
Layla was cautious at first.
Layla was Sami's girlfriend.
Layla was still alive well after midnight.
Layla received a couple of text messages from Sami after midnight.
Layla went to bed early.
Layla was tucked under the covers.
Layla stayed away.
Layla wondered why.
Layla was terrified of her father.
Layla didn't want to be in the same house as Sami.
Layla was afraid of Sami.
Layla wanted Sami to stay away from her at all times.
Layla was known for her verbal abuse.
Layla was not happy.
Sami made Layla to take the dress off in front of the family.
Layla humiliated Sami in front of his friends.
Layla took Sami out of the will.
Layla took her daughter out of her will.
Layla was a straight-A student.
Traces of the cancer have come back.
This was pushing Layla to the breaking point.
The word failure doesn't appear in Layla's dictionary.
Layla decided to buy Sami a watch.
Layla was diagnosed with cancer for the second time.
Layla bought Sami an expensive watch.
Layla was seriously ill.
Layla bought a gun.
The gun was registered to Layla.
Layla had another cancer check-up a few weeks later.
Layla can't bear to see her family dissolve before her.
Layla left Sami.
Layla was sleeping in her room.
Layla shot Sami in the head while he slept.
Layla came back to her room.
Layla returned to her room.
Layla shot herself in the head.
Neo can dodge bullets.
Layla had a very nice house.
Layla was cancer-free.
Layla enjoyed a long happy life.
Layla wanted to keep her kids away from all harm.
Layla murdered her own child.
Layla could actually murder her own children for money.
Layla was very upset.
Why is Layla so upset?
Layla's house was devoured by flames.
Layla's horse has died.
Layla owned a huge estate in Texas.
Layla's house burned to the ground.
Layla enjoyed a happy childhood in Cairo.
Layla enjoyed a privileged life in Cairo.
Layla grew up in the aristocratic world.
Layla loved the country lifestyle.
Layla's father made his fortune in oil.
Layla's father made his fortune in the oil industry.
Layla's father looked like a self-made businessman.
Layla bought Sami a Ferrari.
Layla came from a lower class town.
Layla loved to show off.
Layla decided to buy the house.
Layla is the daughter of a rich Egyptian entrepreneur.
Layla soon embraced the country lifestyle.
Layla was very well liked.
Layla loved the country life.
Layla was a very popular girl in town.
Layla won awards.
Layla won her father's approval.
Layla won many awards.
Layla was the company secretary to one of Sami's businesses.
Layla spent 8,pounds on clothing that month.
Layla was just 20.
Layla was enjoying her life in Cairo.
Layla left just before nine PM.
Layla's house was on fire.
Layla reported the fire.
Layla didn't report the fire.
Layla's house was completely on fire.
Layla's house was devoured by a ferocious fire.
Where is Layla and her family?
Layla lived in rural England.
Layla grew up in rural England.
Layla was a forensic archaeologist.
Nobody could find Layla.
Layla killed Sami and then fled.
Layla was shot in the head.
Layla found Sami's body.
Layla was just fifteen back then.
Layla shot the dog.
Layla torched the house to cover her tracks.
Layla carefully planned and executed the crime.
Layla had plenty of enemies.
Layla was charged of blackmailing Sami.
Layla gave Sami six thousand dollars to kill Salima.
Layla paid someone to kill Sami.
Layla was obsessed with privacy.
Layla's house survived the flames.
Layla walked toward the car.
Layla recognized Sami's face.
Layla recognized Sami.
Layla burned her own house.
Layla made her millions by selling paper.
Layla lost her company after a bitter legal dispute with a supplier.
Layla sold her company.
Layla lost her money.
Layla lost her company.
Layla lost everything.
Layla lost a lot of money.
Layla wasn't paying tax.
Layla had no money and no job.
Layla was about to lose her position.
Layla lost her job.
Layla lost her position.
Layla has had a wonderful time in Egypt.
Layla has gotten used to that lifestyle.
Layla only sees one solution.
Layla wanted to kill herself.
Layla expected to be safe here.
That's probably how Layla was killed.
Layla shot Sami at close range.
Layla went to Sami's room.
Of course, Layla didn't deserve to die in this appalling way.
Layla could have killed Sami.
Layla didn't deserve to die at all.
Layla didn't deserve to die like this.
Layla didn't deserve to die.
In Layla's mind, if she can't have Sami, nobody can.
Layla shot her horses in the stable.
Layla killed her dog.
Layla torched the building.
Layla was obsessed with fire.
Layla was a dangerous arsonist.
Layla found Sami's rifle in the pick-up truck.
Layla's rifle was till loaded.
Layla revealed the truth.
Layla intended to kill herself.
Layla died of smoke inhalation.
Layla and Sami were buried together.
Layla wasn't buried with Sami.
Layla lived a good life.
Layla's life as a wealthy lady was a mirage.
Layla needed her father's protection.
Layla destroyed her family.
Layla wanted to win at any cost.
Layla lost her life.
Layla lost her house and her life.
Layla squeezed Sami's testicles.
Layla severed Sami's testicles.
Layla is getting closer to the truth.
Layla is now getting closer to the truth.
Layla never realized there was a ranch that size.
Layla was the owner of the largest ranch in the area.
Layla's net worth is estimated at ten million dollars.
Layla didn't like to show off.
Layla and Salima became close friends.
Who has been shot?
I think Layla is dead.
The war isn't over yet.
Layla was the only eyewitness.
Layla had a bodyguard named Sami Fadil.
Layla was down in the basement.
Layla was eating the leftovers.
Layla was taking a bath.
Layla was in the basement.
Layla immediately ran downstairs.
Layla shot Sami through his right shoulder.
Layla shot Sami through his head.
Layla went back downstairs.
Layla shot Sami between the eyes.
Layla was dead when the ambulance arrived.
Layla's body was removed.
Layla's body was cleaned and taken to the morgue.
Layla can't tell.
Is Layla telling the whole story?
Layla is a good actress.
Layla drinks a lot.
Sami is a notorious ladies' man.
Sami never had any trouble finding women or picking women up.
Sami is the toughest guy I've ever met in my life.
Sami liked to fight.
Sami was an excellent shooter.
Layla had a criminal history.
Layla got tired of waiting.
Layla did a professional job.
Layla left Sami alive.
Layla finished Sami off.
Layla turned the water on.
Layla couldn't hear the gunshots.
Layla turned the water off.
Layla shared this information with the police.
Layla committed suicide.
Layla's marriage was on the rocks.
Layla drank heavily.
Layla can't leave Sami.
Layla did this for the children.
Layla was doing this for the children.
Was it murder or suicide?
Was it an inside job?
I think that that was an inside job.
Layla got the answer.
Layla was shot dead in her house.
Layla was the only witness.
Layla was also shot.
Layla was shot by an unidentified attacker.
Layla has recently moved to Cairo.
Layla and Sami's marriage was falling apart.
Layla wanted a divorce.
Layla kept Sami company.
Is Layla having an affair?
Layla enjoyed her extravagant lifestyle.
Layla bought a new dress.
Layla's favorite spot in Cairo is Sami's department store.
Layla spent more than twenty thousand dollars on clothing.
With her life insurance policy, Layla was worth more dead than alive.
Layla became very irate with Sami.
Layla was loyal to Sami.
Layla knew that ranch like the back of her hand.
Layla laughed about it later.
Layla was furious that Sami conspired against her.
You betrayed yourself.
"You betrayed me." "You betrayed yourself."
"Layla betrayed me." "You betrayed yourself when you married her."
Layla and Sami spent two hours reminiscing about their childhood.
Layla is gonna die.
Layla is gonna tell you what happened.
Layla lost touch with Sami.
People have been killed for less.
Layla served a year in prison.
Layla was released in 2007.
Layla asked Sami to visit her in her apartment.
Layla and Sami have both aged up.
Layla knows she hasn't got long to live.
Layla admitted that she had lied to me.
Layla and Sami aged up and wrinkled up.
Layla and Sami had a brutal fight.
Layla hit Sami.
Layla made a decision that she was going to end it that night.
Layla didn't want to be looking over her shoulder for the rest of her life.
Layla was the last to see Sami the night of that shooting.
Layla's story is believable.
Layla took a bullet for Sami.
Layla confessed everything to Sami.
Layla died a month later.
Layla told me the truth.
The ball is in Layla's court.
Layla's murder remains unsolved.
To Layla, murder was the solution.
Layla was born half a century ago.
The city is separated into rich and poor.
Layla bought the best dresses.
Layla was bleeding.
Layla was screaming.
Layla was in the house.
Layla was desperate.
Layla was the daughter of a distinguished aristocrat.
Layla lived in a very wealthy part of London.
Layla was far removed from the concerns of common people.
Layla didn't even know how to buy a bottle of milk.
Sami was a born gambler.
Layla was exceptionally unlucky.
Sami gambled away all of his family's fortune.
Layla was fed up of Sami's gambling.
Layla began to assert herself a little more.
Layla and Sami began to fight bitterly.
Layla and Sami began to fight violently.
Layla moved out of Sami's mansion.
Layla launched a legal action to gain custody of her three children.
Layla was an unfit mother.
Layla's testimony shocked the court.
Layla has been betrayed and humiliated by Sami.
Layla had custody of the children.
Layla accused Sami of being the attacker.
Layla was the daughter of an English aristocrat.
Layla tried to save Sami.
Layla wrote the letters to a close friend.
Layla was passing Sami's home.
The attacker escaped.
Layla was killed and stuffed inside a sack.
Layla was beaten within an inch of her life.
Layla's nightmare was only just beginning.
Layla fled.
Layla asked Sami to look after her children.
Layla got back in the car.
Layla drove off into the night.
Layla escaped the crime scene.
Layla was savagely murdered.
Layla was bloodied and shaken.
Layla did this to me.
Layla has her own version of what happened that night.
Layla tried to get away with it.
Layla attacked Sami with a knife.
Layla was covered in blood.
Layla has just murdered her husband.
Layla dropped her weapon.
Layla killed the wrong person.
Layla can help you.
Layla was really hurt.
Layla walked into the bathroom.
Layla ran for her life.
Layla borrowed Sami's car.
Layla has to change plans.
Layla went inside.
Layla wrote a letter to a friend.
That was the last place where Layla was ever seen alive.
Layla abandoned Sami's car in the woods.
Layla preferred a more romantic place.
Layla threw herself into the sea.
Layla had her own private plane.
Where did Layla go?
Layla was found living in a car in New Delhi.
Layla started a new life in Egypt.
Layla visited Sami in Cairo.
Sami lived his days quite happily in Cairo.
Layla protected Sami.
Layla will be brought to justice.
Layla turned herself in.
Layla took a close look at the watch.
Layla opened the trunk.
Layla's nightmare was only beginning.
Layla's death was a mystery.
Layla was born in the suburbs of Cairo.
Layla was the baby of the family.
Layla was known for her intellect and her ambition.
Layla will be mad.
If Layla doesn't get an A, she will be mad.
Layla settled in Cairo, Egypt.
Layla lived north of Cairo.
Layla lived in Cairo.
Layla was a budding entrepreneur.
Layla has always wanted to have a business.
Layla has always wanted to have her own business.
Layla quickly became a pillar of her community.
No one ever calls her Layla. Everyone calls her 'Mama.'
Layla had deep religious convictions.
Layla was a very religious person.
Everyone described Layla as a saint.
Layla caught the eye of many a young man.
Layla started dating a fellow Egyptian immigrant called Sami.
You're looking gorgeous.
We're going to the mosque.
Layla and Sami had different priorities.
I don't think Layla understands that.
Layla and Sami divorced in 2004.
Layla put her heart and soul into her job.
Layla may have found new love.
I thought it would be easier.
Just think about something else.
Tom is a famous restaurateur.
Tom is a famous restaurateur with a loyal following.
Tom is a famous restaurateur from Paris.
I like to drive.
Tom was the handsomest man she'd ever laid her eyes on.
Tom is a dolphin trainer.
Akrotiri is a Bronze age settlement that was buried under volcanic ash.
Mary is a soap opera star.
Mary is a telenovela star.
Tom owns a beach club.
Layla was swearing at Sami to her mother.
I like fishing for trout.
I fish for trout with minnows.
You need to go for a walk every day.
Tom took all of his little brother's pocket money away.
Risk nothing!
Don't risk anything!
What do you think of my new haircut?
I didn't give them any money.
Tom didn't give her any money.
Tom didn't give us any money.
I'd like a bottle of cough syrup.
He drank an entire bottle of milk.
Where were you on your birthday?
Who knows what it was good for?
I got a bad grade.
This concert hall has wonderful acoustics.
This city has a million inhabitants.
That can cause big problems.
You might have misunderstood me.
Will you please send me Mary's address?
Romanian is indisputably a difficult language.
Layla has just murdered her wife.
My watch tells the date.
I've been living here for five years.
A film director should be very intelligent, but if possible, not an intellectual — for the intellectual is the deadly enemy of all performing arts.
Tom is slightly short-sighted.
Tom is myopic.
Tom is dreading the parent-teacher meeting.
Happy St Piran's Day!
Cats are my favorite animal.
I want to fuck you in the ass.
I want to have anal sex with you.
Can you hold caramel ice cream?
Okinawa is different from Japan culturally.
That night, I gently stroked her skin.
This television program sent me off with sponsors.
The new park turned into one of the most neglected places in the city.
In addition to English, he knows German and French.
I'm very interested in the evolution of the dinosaurs.
It'll have to be done over again.
There's no way through here.
Where's the waiting room?
Every time Tom and Mary were about to kiss, someone came into the room.
Tom moved back to Boston to be with his kids.
George Soros wants Europe to be indebted to him and Jean-Claude Juncker assists him.
Tom's dogs killed one of Mary's goats.
Sometimes people need reminding that it's Friday.
You're welcome by the way.
The president hasn't gotten a lot of things done in his first days.
I did not have that in the office pool.
She really surprised me in a lot of ways.
They should have their children taken away from them.
They are savages.
They're savages.
They are scum who raise their children to be criminals.
That's racist.
That is racist.
The only solution is to take their children away from them by force to be raised by civilized people.
They are scum.
They're scum.
If most X are Y, it does not follow that most Y are X.
They commit all the crimes in this country.
They commit most of the crimes in this country.
Most of the crimes in this country are committed by them.
You only notice those who are loud and obnoxious. You don't notice the majority who are just normal people and keep to themselves.
They're not people; they're animals.
They are violent criminals.
They are thieves.
They are rapists.
They're rapists.
They're thieves.
They're violent criminals.
They live like dogs because they are dogs.
Maybe if they weren't so obnoxious, people would be more accepting of them.
They are poor because of prejudice against them.
Discrimination against them and their distrust of outsiders both play a role in keeping them trapped in poverty.
They're just a few bad apples.
The majority of them are decent people.
Most of them are decent people.
I'm sure a few of them are good people.
Maybe a few of them are good people, but the majority are scum.
I believe you are mistaken.
They are poor because of the discrimination against them.
They are discriminated against.
They're discriminated against.
He spit on me.
She spit on me.
They spit on me.
This is an unimportant distinction.
This is an artificial distinction.
This is not a real distinction.
This isn't a real distinction.
They are not good people.
They're not good people.
That ghetto should be burned down.
They commit violence for no reason.
They're violent for no reason.
They commit acts of violence for no reason.
Want some pizza?
Have some soup.
Have some pizza.
Have some chocolate.
It'll cheer you up.
I'm very sad right now.
This pizza is delicious.
This soup is delicious.
I love this pizza.
This chocolate is delicious.
Does that chocolate bar have nuts in it?
You should buy fair trade food.
A lot of the products we buy are made by sweatshop workers or even slaves.
If you don't want to support slavery, buy fair trade products.
They refuse to integrate.
They have children only so they can mooch off welfare.
They treat their children like garbage.
They're welfare queens.
They are welfare queens.
Collective punishment for individual crimes is an inadvisable strategy.
They have to integrate into society.
They refuse to integrate into society.
Crimes are disproportionately committed by minorities.
The way to reduce crime is to eradicate poverty.
Eradicating poverty must be our main goal.
Eradicating poverty must be our number one goal.
They do not seem to understand what you're getting at.
The consequence of individual crimes should be collective punishment.
Not all of them are like that.
Violence is the only thing they understand.
Their homes don't have electricity or running water.
They live in deplorable conditions.
They are unemployed.
They're unemployed.
The only way to knock some sense into them is by roughing them up a little.
Violence is the only thing that will get through to them.
Burn down the ghetto.
Discrimination made it difficult for me to rent an apartment.
Discrimination made it difficult for me to find a job.
How do you expect them to lift themselves out of poverty when no one will hire them?
Their children are shunned in schools.
They are only allowed to attend substandard schools.
Burning jealousy tormented him.
Did it take much time for you to wait for us yesterday?
He painted that picture a while ago.
He drew that picture a while ago.
Turn off the light. I can't fall asleep.
This house has triple-pane windows.
I have no words to describe what I saw.
What I saw left me speechless.
I was fascinated by what I saw.
I was amazed by what I saw.
The view here is amazing.
The view here is breathtaking.
Have you ever tried doing that?
This computer is slow.
This computer is really slow.
Why is this computer so slow?
Why is the computer so slow?
Try closing some of your tabs.
Why do you have so many tabs open?
Tabbed browsing is very useful.
When will the game be released?
When will the new version be released?
They have announced a new version of their operating system.
They are working on the next version of their operating system.
I never update my operating system.
Have you ever seen the International Space Station?
Look up.
Give me that phone book.
No one uses phone books anymore.
Computers are amazing devices.
It's too bad people use computers to waste time.
Have you ever heard that language?
I've never heard that language.
I don't know what that language sounds like.
I can read the language, but I've never heard it.
I can read the language, but I don't know what it sounds like.
Space is the future.
The future of humanity is in outer space.
My sensors detect an intruder in the area.
The sensors detect an intruder in the area.
I can predict the future.
I do not take kindly to ignorant people.
I do not take kindly to those who take advantage of the powerless.
I do not take kindly to those who abuse their power.
The powerless must be protected against the powerful.
The powerful always get what they want.
The powerful walk all over the powerless.
I try to stay away from crazy people.
It's not stupid; it's just logic.
I wouldn't touch that thing with a ten-foot pole.
I'm a motivational speaker.
I don't read as much as I'd like.
I don't read as many books as I'd like.
I don't read books.
I don't read novels.
I don't read poetry.
My friend was shocked when I told her.
If you're watching this video, I'm dead.
If you're watching this video, you are the heir to my estate.
The dialogue in this book is very unrealistic.
This message will explode in three seconds.
The dialogue in this book is very over-the-top.
It's a dead language.
I don't think anyone would disagree with that statement.
That is debatable.
We are about to go to war.
We are on the brink of war.
We're about to go to war.
I suggest you be quiet.
Kill!
Buy!
Sell!
Lift it.
Sing!
Play!
Play it.
Play the game.
Don't try to play games with me.
Bring me his head.
Bring me her head.
I want his head.
I want her head.
Bring me their heads.
The transition between the scenes was jarring.
You are fired.
How old is this book?
When was this book published?
We cannot allow our emotions to interfere with our actions.
I can't allow my emotions to interfere with my actions.
I cannot allow my emotions to interfere with my actions.
We can't allow our emotions to interfere with our actions.
I don't care what your name is.
You can't buy me.
I don't take bribes.
I can't be bribed.
He can't be bribed.
She can't be bribed.
He's honest.
She's honest.
He's an honest guy.
She is honest.
At least he's honest about the fact he's dishonest.
At least he's honest.
English is full of Romance words.
We should get a new lamp.
I see no indication of that ever happening.
I am not aware of any evidence that such an event will ever occur.
I am not aware of any evidence to suggest that that is true.
They're a vocal minority.
They're a loud minority.
They are a vocal minority.
They are a loud minority.
There's at least one advantage to being bald — you save a lot on shampoo.
Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor.
Wanna bet?
The coachman cursed blasphemously.
There are more creators than creations.
Nobody can open the door.
You have to solve your problems yourself.
No, Mary isn't my stepsister, she's my half sister.
He is sleepy.
My aunt now lives in comfort.
I have an aunt who lives in Kyoto.
That aunt of his often visited America.
My aunt engaged herself in teaching cooking.
Tom is having an existential crisis.
Thinking about the universe always gives me an existential crisis.
I think it's beer o'clock, don't you?
I miss talking with Sally.
There are three glacial fjords in Ireland.
We applied weather stripping around our windows to keep the cold air out.
We should practice tolerance toward each and everyone, just not toward intolerance.
In the name of tolerance, we should reserve the right not to tolerate intolerance.
Through his ill-advised pronouncements and actions, Tom has laid the ground for intolerance and xenophobia within his circle of friends.
You don't have to be so snotty.
Last night we barbecued beefsteak and vegetables.
Ask ten people, get ten answers.
Tom made the decision.
Tom loves to show off.
Shouldn't Tom do that?
Nobody could find Tom.
Why's Tom mad at you?
Who's Tom girlfriend?
Tom won't leave Mary.
Tom went home hungry.
Tom was very unlucky.
Tom sold his company.
Tom refused to budge.
Tom is seriously ill.
Tom can't leave Mary.
Is Tom in the garden?
Tom was really hurt.
Tom is now homeless.
Tom is near-sighted.
I don't respect Tom.
Did Tom have a plan?
Why's Tom so upset?
Who's Tom's father?
Tom protected Mary.
Tom likes to fight.
Tom liked to fight.
Tom is far-sighted.
Should we help Tom?
Tom was shot, too.
Tom was cut badly.
Tom was also shot.
Tom seemed sleepy.
Could Tom do that?
Tom whines a lot.
Tom sold his car.
Tom will be mad.
Is Tom outside?
Did Tom see us?
Tom fled.
Tom has some things he has to do tomorrow morning before he can leave for Boston.
I've decided not to buy that house I looked at last week.
I respect Tom, even if I don't agree with some of the things he says.
For some reason, they didn't include my name on the list.
Nobody at the party knew that Tom had just gotten out of prison.
I think the way I did it is the way most people do it.
Tom's parents thought that he was too young to live by himself.
This is where I want to live for the rest of my life.
There really wasn't anything that the doctor could do for Tom.
Are our kids doing what they're supposed to be doing?
I respect Tom's views, even though I don't agree with them.
There was a pyramid of empty beer cans on the table.
Do you know how many years Tom and Mary have been married?
I haven't yet done everything that needs to be done.
Are you going to tell Tom that you've spent time in prison?
I haven't yet done everything that has to be done.
Do you mean that Tom has never told you that he loved you?
Can anyone guess how many pennies are in this jar?
Did you remember to tell Tom what I asked you to tell him?
Give me one good reason why I shouldn't do that.
Tom didn't understand what Mary was trying to tell him.
Are we all really going to be on the same plane?
Tom spent three hundred dollars on clothes last month.
You're still living on Park Street, aren't you?
Tom knew that something terrible was likely to happen.
No one could've known this was going to happen.
I wonder why Tom doesn't want to go to Boston with us.
Can anyone guess how much money is in this jar?
Tom knew that something terrible was going to happen.
I have some thing I need to do this afternoon.
Tom is the owner of the largest ranch in these parts.
I have some thing I have to do this afternoon.
Tom hasn't yet done everything that needs to be done.
Does this need to be kept in the refrigerator?
Tom is the only one here who knows where Mary lives.
Do we have enough time to get this done today?
I'm pretty sure that Tom isn't the one who did that.
Did you remember to do what I asked you to do?
Somebody was talking to Tom just a few minutes ago.
What makes you think I don't want to be here?
Do you really think Tom would allow you to do that?
Tell me which one you want me to buy for you.
Do you really think Tom would allow that to happen?
My lawyer told me that I should plead guilty.
Are you guys planning to go to Tom's party tonight?
It took three hours for me to get here today.
We don't know whether Tom is going to come or not.
If you aren't careful, you'll end up in jail.
Tom is the owner of the largest ranch in the area.
I'll only say this once, so listen carefully.
Mary was Tom's girlfriend all through high school.
You're not really going to do that, are you?
It's in your best interest to testify against Tom.
That's the reason I started studying French.
Tom has decided to buy that house on Park Street.
Put your bag under the seat in front of you.
Tom didn't do that as quickly as he usually does.
Are you going to get this done anytime soon?
Tom and Mary looked like they were going to kiss.
Would you mind if I stayed a little longer?
Tom and Mary looked like they were about to kiss.
What do you plan to do with all that stuff?
Do you think Tom might be able to do that for me?
Was it really necessary for you to do that?
Did you really think Tom was going be here today?
There aren't many people in the park today.
Tom knew that something bad was going to happen.
That's why I don't want to stay any longer.
Tom bought Mary everything she asked him to buy.
Nobody knew that Tom could speak French so well.
For some reason, my name isn't on the list.
Doesn't that sound like something Tom would say?
Do I need to keep this in the refrigerator?
Do you really think Tom would want one of these?
Wild boars have eaten all of our potatoes.
Did you really think Tom would get here on time?
Do you plan to stay in Boston for a while?
What kind of things do you and Tom do together?
Do I need to put this in the refrigerator?
Tom doesn't really want to live there, does he?
You're still studying French, aren't you?
Doesn't that sound like something Tom would do?
That's not too far away from here, is it?
Was Tom the one who taught you how to do that?
I'm not sure how we can make that happen.
Was Tom the one who showed you how to do that?
I suppose I could try to get there early.
Tom knew that something terrible might happen.
Does this medicine have any side effects?
Tom is the only one here who's been to Boston.
Do you think that was just a coincidence?
Tom didn't understand anything we were saying.
Do you know that man standing over there?
I wonder why Tom doesn't want to go to Boston.
Do they really let you wear that to work?
I don't know whether Tom speaks French or not.
Are you ready for what's going to happen?
Do you think Tom might not be able to do that?
Are you planning to do that anytime soon?
Do you really think Tom would know what to do?
This is where I tripped and fell yesterday.
Did you really think Tom was going to do that?
This is where I thought I parked my car.
Tom was there when his mother killed herself.
This is going to cost me a lot of money.
Tom told me that he didn't intend to do that.
I think you should try doing that again.
Tom thought he was smarter than anybody else.
I never want to go back to Boston again.
Tom didn't like to do that when he was a kid.
Have you ever been convicted of a crime?
Nobody knew that Tom wasn't going to be here.
Do you think the meeting will last long?
Tom was a straight-A student in high school.
Do you know anyone who's been to Boston?
Tom paid someone to help him move the piano.
You're still my girlfriend, aren't you?
Tom has done something really bad this time.
You didn't do that on purpose, did you?
No one could've stopped Tom from doing that.
This isn't your first time here, is it?
I wonder who Tom plans to take to the dance.
This is something I really enjoy doing.
I don't know whether Tom plans to go or not.
That's the reason I made this decision.
Do you think Tom would allow that to happen?
Some women have to do that, don't they?
Do you think Tom was the one who stole that?
Give me one reason I shouldn't do that.
Do you have any idea where Tom might be now?
Do we have all the ingredients we need?
Did you really think Tom was Mary's brother?
You're not going to leave me, are you?
Did you really think Tom could speak French?
What should we do with all this stuff?
Are you going to tell Tom that you love him?
This is where I saw a snake yesterday.
We've already been told about what Tom did.
That's probably how we should do that.
We don't know whether Tom is dead or alive.
It's in your best interest to do that.
Tom was murdered in Boston three years ago.
It looks like nobody else is here yet.
Tom said he didn't see anybody in the park.
Isn't this where we're supposed to be?
Tom isn't likely to tell you what happened.
I wonder why nobody does that anymore.
Tom is in the next room, talking with Mary.
I never thought we'd get here on time.
That's probably how Tom got into the house.
Do you want to know what happens next?
Shouldn't Tom be doing that instead of you?
Did I leave my umbrella at your house?
Nobody knew that Tom couldn't speak French.
Can you pick a lock with a paper clip?
I believe that Tom is the one who did that.
Are you two actually going to do that?
Has Tom decided where he'll go next summer?
Are you trying to make me look stupid?
Do you really think Tom wouldn't like this?
Are you planning to take any time off?
We finally managed to persuade her.
He succeeded, despite the difficulties.
You shouldn't believe everything Tom says.
You don't want me to do that, do you?
Tom won't be here today, because he's sick.
Who's the one who pays all the bills?
Tom was arrested in Boston three days ago.
What's the average cost of a wedding?
Tom may have been involved in the robbery.
What should we do about this problem?
Tom is the only one here who knows French.
There aren't many books on the shelf.
Tom has some things he has to do tomorrow.
Isn't this what you were looking for?
Tom asked Mary to look after his children.
Isn't this what we're supposed to do?
This is something that Tom would never do.
I won't allow you to do that anymore.
Mary was Tom's girlfriend a few years ago.
I didn't think we'd get here on time.
Isn't Tom supposed to be helping us today?
How many books did you buy last year?
Does Tom ever help you with your homework?
Don't you have anything to say to me?
Do you think Tom might be able to do that?
Doesn't that sound like a lot of fun?
Do I really have to go to Boston with Tom?
Do you think you'll get a good grade?
Didn't you know Tom had a house in Boston?
Do you really think I should do that?
Did you remember to give Tom the envelope?
Are you sorry that you weren't there?
You can't let Tom do that to you anymore.
Are you going to leave the lights on?
Tom was killed in Boston three years ago.
Are you going to get this done today?
Tom said he'd call me, but he hasn't yet.
Are you going to Boston next weekend?
Tom knew something terrible had happened.
Who's the one who usually does that?
Tom has a very nice house on Park Street.
This is going to take a lot of time.
Tom called me in the middle of the night.
There's nothing in the refrigerator.
That's probably why Tom isn't here today.
There's no one here who can do that.
Possibly Tom wasn't the one who did that.
There aren't any books on the shelf.
Isn't Tom supposed to pay his rent today?
I've had a wonderful time in Boston.
Isn't Tom supposed to do that by himself?
I won't let you do this to me again.
I wonder why Tom doesn't do that anymore.
How much money did your group raise?
I think that Tom is the one who did that.
Give me one reason I should do that.
Do you really think Tom needs to do that?
Do I have to pay for everything now?
Didn't you know Tom was going to do that?
Could you teach me how to tie a tie?
Didn't you know Tom used to study French?
Can we really afford not to do that?
Did you cry when Tom told you that story?
Can anyone guess what's in this box?
Tom was dead when the ambulance arrived.
You're still a student, aren't you?
Tom likes to play poker with his friends.
You know what to expect, don't you?
Tom is the one causing all the problems.
Would you mind if I didn't do that?
Tom doesn't want to move back to Boston.
Why aren't you planning to do that?
Tom didn't hear Mary come into the room.
What's the answer to that question?
Tom called to say he won't be here today.
We've already been told what to do.
It's hard not to smile when Tom does that.
Was it really necessary to do that?
Is Tom planning to do that anytime soon?
Was it necessary for us to do that?
I think you misunderstood what Tom said.
There's nothing you can do to help.
Has Tom said anything to you about that?
That's the reason I was late today.
Do you really think Tom would like this?
Tell me which one you would choose.
You'd better not tell Tom what you did.
Is this where we're supposed to be?
You can't let Tom do that to you again.
I'm not sure how to make it happen.
Who's Tom planning to take to the prom?
I won't allow you to do that again.
Tom sat down on the bench next to Mary.
Didn't anybody tell you what to do?
Tom said he thought it was an accident.
Can you help me tomorrow afternoon?
Tom lost a substantial amount of money.
Are you coming to the party or not?
Tom knows he doesn't have long to live.
There aren't many people here yet.
Tom didn't want to lose any more money.
That's probably what we should do.
Tom didn't show up for the appointment.
Tell me which one you like better.
Tom and Mary have different priorities.
It looks like nobody else is here.
Shouldn't Tom be the one who does that?
I suppose I could do that for you.
I wonder why Tom wants to go to Boston.
I hope someone comes to rescue us.
I wonder who Tom plans to give that to.
Haven't they said anything to you?
Do you really think Tom should do that?
Does this need to be refrigerated?
Do you really think Tom has to do that?
Do you really want to do that now?
Did you really think Tom would do that?
Do you have any more bright ideas?
Did you know Tom had a house in Boston?
Do you have any idea who did that?
Tom won't do that by himself, will he?
Didn't you do just the same thing?
Tom was the only one who saw anything.
Could you teach me how to do that?
Tom said he didn't see Mary yesterday.
Aren't you afraid you'll get hurt?
Tom never realized what was happening.
You're not disappointed, are you?
Tom is the toughest guy I've ever met.
Will you be working late tonight?
Tom doesn't really live here, does he?
Wild boars have dug up my garden.
Tom bought Mary everything she wanted.
Who's the one who pays the bills?
Tom bought Mary an expensive necklace.
Who's the one who has to do that?
Tom asked Mary if she had a boyfriend.
Where will you be this afternoon?
Tom admitted that he broke the window.
Where do those boys go to school?
Shouldn't Tom be doing that right now?
What should we do this afternoon?
Is there any way we can help Tom more?
There's nothing I can about that.
Is Tom planning to do that by himself?
There's no one here by that name.
Has Tom decided what he's going to do?
That's an improbable coincidence.
Do you think Tom might do that for us?
That was a lot of fun, wasn't it?
Do you really think Tom would do that?
Now that wasn't too hard, was it?
Do Tom and Mary still love each other?
Mary and Alice were like sisters.
Did you really think Tom was Canadian?
Is there a better way to do this?
Did you know Tom was going to do that?
I suppose I could try to do that.
Did you know Tom used to study French?
I had a wonderful time in Boston.
You'd better not tell Tom about that.
I don't see why I should do that.
Tom's car's still in the parking lot.
Dr. Jackson is our family doctor.
Tom wouldn't let anyone in his house.
Do you want to know what this is?
Tom was released from prison in 2013.
Do you want to know what happens?
Tom thought he was smarter than Mary.
Do you still have all your teeth?
Tom sat down on the bench next to me.
Do you mean you want me to leave?
Tom knows he hasn't got long to live.
Did you watch the game on Monday?
Tom asked for another glass of water.
Did it actually happen like that?
Tom and Mary were on the same flight.
Did anybody ask you to come here?
Shouldn't Tom be in Boston this week?
Could you say that one more time?
I won't allow Tom to do that anymore.
Can you do that without any help?
I don't see why I shouldn't help Tom.
How did Tom and Mary lose their jobs?
Why are you planning to do that?
You shouldn't believe what Tom says.
Who's going to babysit our kids?
Why should you care what Tom thinks?
They don't really care, do they?
What are Tom and Mary talking about?
That's the reason I left Boston.
Wasn't Tom just in Boston last week?
Is that all you can think about?
Tom was the only one wearing a suit.
I won't let you do that anymore.
I think you've misunderstood me.
Tom is going tell you what happened.
I promise I'll do that tomorrow.
Tom hasn't done that in a long time.
How many books are on the shelf?
Tom got tired of his wife's nagging.
Do you want to go there with us?
Tom doesn't really do that, does he?
Do you plan to stay for a while?
Tom and Mary are on the same flight.
Do you have a lot of experience?
Tom admitted that he had lied to me.
Do I have to pay for everything?
That's probably how Tom got injured.
Didn't anyone offer to help you?
Possibly it wasn't Tom who did that.
Did it actually happen that way?
Isn't Tom supposed to be here today?
Did anybody tell you what to do?
Isn't Tom supposed to be helping us?
Could you teach me how to drive?
I wonder how Tom learned to do that.
Aren't we all going to be there?
I think Tom is the one who did that.
Are you going to move to Boston?
I didn't tell Tom your phone number.
Are these questions appropriate?
Does Tom have to pay for everything?
You know each other, don't you?
Do you think Tom could've done that?
Would you like to go to Boston?
Why should we care what Tom thinks?
Would it help to talk about it?
Who's going to tell Tom what to do?
Will you be doing that all day?
We don't know exactly what Tom did.
Will there ever be world peace?
We don't know exactly how Tom died.
Will it happen in our lifetime?
Tom wanted to do that this morning.
Will anything be done about it?
Tom kept the suspicions to himself.
Why are you still waiting here?
Tom has been drinking very heavily.
Why are you still not finished?
Tom died in Boston three years ago.
Who's going to want to do that?
Tom decided to buy Mary a fur coat.
Wasn't it at least worth a try?
Tom bought Mary an expensive watch.
To what do we owe the pleasure?
Shouldn't Tom be punished for that?
To what do I owe this pleasure?
I wouldn't trust Tom if I were you.
This is still my office, right?
I wonder how Tom got into my house.
They won't say that, will they?
I won't allow Tom to do that again.
They thought I was their enemy.
I never thought we'd see Tom again.
That's why we came here, right?
I don't think Tom understands that.
That's not too far away, is it?
Do you plan to tell Tom to do that?
That's not a compliment, is it?
Did Tom tell you about his parents?
That was a year ago, wasn't it?
Did Tom ever tell you he loved you?
That made you smile, didn't it?
Tom's wife manages their finances.
Surely you know what a kiss is?
Tom's grandmother is still living.
So, what exactly is your point?
Tom never denied that he did that.
So, what does all of this mean?
Tom has done something really bad.
So, what do you think about it?
Tom finished his homework quickly.
So, what do we do in this case?
Tom deserves to be treated better.
Maybe you could do both things.
Tom asked if I liked Chinese food.
Isn't this what has to be done?
Tom asked Mary if she was nervous.
Isn't that a deal worth making?
Tom and his family live in Boston.
Isn't it great to have options?
Tom and Mary got divorced in 2013.
Is your opinion still the same?
Shouldn't Tom be in Boston by now?
Is this too hard to understand?
I hope Tom tells us what happened.
Is this the place I need to be?
I don't see why I should help Tom.
Is that really what's going on?
Does anyone know how Tom did that?
Is that more than you expected?
Do you think Tom will laugh at us?
Is it OK if I do that tomorrow?
Didn't you know Tom had a brother?
If you don't help me, who will?
Why wouldn't Tom want to do that?
I wonder what'll go wrong next?
Tom won't do that today, will he?
Have they said anything to you?
Tom paid Mary to clean his house.
Hasn't it always been this way?
Tom has recently moved to Boston.
Has this always been a problem?
Tom has been here an hour or two.
Don't you want to go to Boston?
Tom was arrested for shoplifting.
Does this make you feel better?
Tom drank a strawberry milkshake.
Does being rich make you happy?
Tom doesn't really care, does he?
Does anyone think this is real?
Tom didn't want to lose his wife.
Does anyone see a problem here?
Tom didn't deny that he did that.
Does anybody have info on that?
Tom confessed everything to Mary.
Do you want to go to Australia?
Tom can't come, because he's sick.
Do you think it will last long?
Tom and Mary have started dating.
Do you mind if I go home early?
Tom and Mary have both done that.
Do you like playing basketball?
Tom and Mary despised each other.
Do you know what you're saying?
That's why Tom took his own life.
Do you have an opinion on this?
That's probably how Tom did that.
Do you have an opinion on that?
Somebody was in the car with Tom.
Do you have a response to that?
Shouldn't Tom be told what to do?
Do you have a job for me to do?
Is that really what Tom is doing?
Do they have something to hide?
Is Tom planning to do that today?
Did you really want to do that?
I didn't tell Tom why I was late.
Did you really mean to do that?
I didn't tell Tom where you live.
Did you really just write that?
Does Tom think Mary is beautiful?
Did you put everything in here?
Do you think Tom might want this?
Did we make the wrong decision?
Do you plan to allow Tom to do that?
Did it really happen like that?
Did you know Tom used to do that?
Could you give me that, please?
Are Tom and Mary really a couple?
Can you say that one more time?
Who am I to tell Tom what to do?
Can you imagine that happening?
Was Tom with anyone at the time?
Can you be a bit more specific?
Tom will tell you what happened.
Can we take as much as we want?
Tom spent a few years in prison.
Can we take a picture with you?
Tom hasn't been paying his rent.
Are you sure you want this one?
Tom has made some bad decisions.
Are you going to get this done?
Tom has custody of the children.
Are you doing that by yourself?
Tom didn't understand any of it.
Are you as stupid as you sound?
Tom didn't do that very quickly.
Are they doing the right thing?
Tom applied for the scholarship.
Am I not doing the right thing?
Tom and Mary say it can be done.
Am I just being paranoid again?
Tom and Mary must work together.
You might've misunderstood me.
Tom and Mary despise each other.
You made money on that, right?
Tom and John were like brothers.
Would you like to be a sailor?
Tom and John both hit home runs.
Would we have done any better?
Tom and I hit it off right away.
Why don't you help me do this?
The question is will Tom use it.
Why are you trying to do that?
That's probably why Tom is late.
Which option is right for you?
Should we help Tom pay for that?
We all laughed about it later.
Should Tom be punished for that?
Was there anyone in the lobby?
Isn't Tom supposed to rescue us?
They won't do that, will they?
I won't let Tom do that anymore.
The question is who knew what.
I still wonder why Tom did that.
So, what is this really about?
Hasn't Tom said anything to you?
Mary bought a new dress today.
Tom was the handsomest man Mary had ever laid her eyes on.
Does Tom have something to hide?
Let's do this again next year.
Does Tom cope well with failure?
Isn't this supposed to be fun?
Do you think Tom might hurt you?
Isn't there any place to hide?
Did Tom show you how to do that?
Isn't that considered slander?
Are you sure Tom will come back?
Isn't it obvious who did that?
Any idea where Tom might be now?
Is this the best you could do?
Who's Tom going to Boston with?
Hey, can you lend a hand here?
Wasn't Tom in Boston last week?
Have you nothing to say to me?
Tom was irritated by the delay.
Have you done anything at all?
Tom was in Australia last year.
Has anyone actually used this?
Tom was home alone at the time.
Has anyone actually done that?
Tom was here for quite a while.
Don't mothers do that anymore?
Tom was grateful for your help.
Does that really surprise you?
Tom was caught stealing apples.
Do you want to have breakfast?
Tom was by far the best player.
Do you really want that house?
Tom told me the truth, I think.
Do you mean you want me to go?
Tom often wears flashy clothes.
Do you have any good examples?
Tom often wears a baseball cap.
Do you have any advice for us?
Tom is the toughest guy I know.
Do you have a lot of problems?
Tom is taking an afternoon nap.
Do you feel a lot of pressure?
Tom is a very religious person.
Do you even know what this is?
Tom admits he's under pressure.
Do we really have to eat this?
I wonder who Tom got that from.
Do people still feel that way?
I wonder where Tom hid the key.
Do all of us have to be there?
I won't let Tom do that to you.
Did you walk from the station?
Has anyone here seen Tom today?
Did you not read what I wrote?
Do you think Tom might do that?
Did you ever think about that?
Do you plan to let Tom do that?
Did it really happen that way?
Do you hear what Tom is saying?
Did anybody do what you asked?
Did you know Tom had a brother?
Did anybody disagree with you?
Are you going to tell Tom that?
Can't you do that by yourself?
You shouldn't let Tom do that.
Can you email me the location?
Why were Tom and Mary evicted?
Can anyone guess what this is?
Tom's murder remains unsolved.
Are you trying to lose weight?
Tom won the match by cheating.
Are you sure you got it right?
Tom will visit Mary on Monday.
Are you sticking to your plan?
Tom wasn't willing to help me.
Are you looking for a new job?
Tom wasn't keeping up with us.
Are you happy with the result?
Tom wanted to win at any cost.
Are you doing the right thing?
Tom told Mary to stop smoking.
Are we supposed to be shocked?
Tom just got home from school.
Am I going to lose everything?
Tom isn't supposed to do that.
Would you like me to do that?
Tom is worried about the kids.
Will we ever learn the truth?
Tom is trying to make a point.
Will the price keep going up?
Tom is really important to us.
Why isn't that happening now?
Who actually owns this house?
Tom has been causing problems.
Which option is right for me?
Tom doesn't intend to do that.
What's that next to the door?
Tom does that whenever he can.
What do you think is missing?
Tom did that for his children.
What do you have to do today?
Tom and Mary were inseparable.
Was your dad in the military?
This is where I first met Tom.
Should you be doing that now?
Shouldn't Tom be helping Mary?
Perhaps no one else wants it.
Isn't Tom supposed to do that?
No one could've stopped that.
I won't let Tom do that again.
Isn't this what I need to do?
I think Tom will do that soon.
Isn't that a friend of yours?
Does anyone know how Tom died?
Isn't it obvious who took it?
Does Tom think Mary likes him?
Is this really all we've got?
Do you think Tom will help me?
Is that all you can think of?
Do you think Tom will be back?
Is it really going to happen?
Do you know when Tom returned?
I think you should try again.
Do you know when Tom got here?
Have you seen that movie yet?
Do you know when Tom got back?
Have you had anything to eat?
Do you know what Tom will say?
Don't you know how to fix it?
Did anybody hear Tom say that?
Doesn't that sound fantastic?
Did Tom think I was in Boston?
Do you want a second opinion?
Tom wouldn't let you do that.
Do you think I'm not sincere?
Tom would've been happy here.
Do you plan to do that again?
Tom would rather not do that.
Do you plan on buying a copy?
Tom works on the third floor.
Do you need some help, ma'am?
Tom won the race by cheating.
Do you like playing football?
Tom will be getting an award.
Do you know what day this is?
Tom wasn't hurt in the fight.
Do you have a lot of friends?
Tom was reluctant to do that.
Do you have a favorite actor?
Tom seemed to recognize Mary.
Do we need to do it this way?
Tom says he wants to help us.
Do they plan to use it again?
Tom says he wants to do that.
Do all of us have to do that?
Tom made the decision for us.
Didn't you read what I wrote?
Tom is obsessed with privacy.
Did you help out on the farm?
Tom intended to kill himself.
Did anybody help you do that?
Tom got here just after 2:30.
Can you make the text larger?
Tom gave it to the wrong person.
Are you sure you're up to it?
Tom died of smoke inhalation.
Are these questions relevant?
Tom didn't intend to do that.
Any ideas on how to fix this?
Tom didn't hear the gunshots.
Am I not doing this properly?
Tom didn't do that very fast.
Would you like to try again?
Tom borrowed Mary's umbrella.
Would you care to try again?
Tom almost drowned yesterday.
Why did you write this book?
It's better not to trust Tom.
Who could benefit from this?
Is Tom looking for a new job?
Where are those girls going?
Is Tom going to be a teacher?
What's causing that to move?
Is Tom doing the right thing?
What really went wrong here?
I won't allow Tom to do that.
What else is new over there?
I need to see Tom right away.
What can we expect tomorrow?
Has Tom said anything to you?
What can and should be done?
Does Tom tell you what to do?
Was it necessary to do that?
Does Tom still feel that way?
The repair took three hours.
Do you think Tom will see me?
Should you be drinking that?
Do you know what Tom will do?
Now what do you have to say?
Do you know how Tom got hurt?
Let's get started, shall we?
Did Tom sing well last night?
Is the competition that bad?
Why wouldn't Tom be pleased?
I had a good time in Boston.
Where did Tom suggest we go?
Do you want to study French?
What exactly does Tom think?
Do you plan to use it again?
What did Tom suggest we buy?
Do you plan to study French?
Tom was the only eyewitness.
Do we still need to do this?
Tom paid someone to do that.
Do I really have to do that?
Tom might leave the country.
Did you walk to the station?
Tom is reluctant to do that.
Can you do that by yourself?
Tom is down in the basement.
Are you guys really related?
Tom intends to kill himself.
Are you going to drink that?
Tom ignored all three of us.
Why should you care anyway?
Tom has to change his plans.
Why are gas prices so high?
Tom had no money and no job.
Where did you buy that cap?
Shouldn't Tom be helping us?
What's that under your arm?
Possibly Tom didn't do that.
What's so weird about this?
Perhaps I've met Tom before.
What does all of this mean?
No one came to Tom's rescue.
We've been told what to do.
Does Tom still study French?
We weren't told what to do.
Do you trust Tom's judgment?
Surely you know what to do?
Do you think Tom stole that?
Now I'm even more confused.
Do you think Tom is worried?
No one could've stopped me.
Can we force Tom to do that?
Is this where I need to be?
Will we ever see Tom again?
How many books did you buy?
Will Tom be back next year?
How do we fix this problem?
Why can't Tom live with us?
Do you want to lose weight?
Who's Tom's French teacher?
Do you need life insurance?
What exactly does Tom need?
Do you know what'll happen?
We can't blame Tom, can we?
Do you have all your teeth?
Tom wouldn't be happy here.
Do we have all the answers?
Tom won't do that, will he?
Do we all have to be there?
Tom will certainly do that.
Are you ready for the test?
Tom will be here next week.
Are we supposed to do that?
Tom vowed to keep fighting.
Are we supposed to be here?
Tom sold his car last week.
Where are you going today?
Tom sleeps whenever he can.
Where are those boys from?
Tom said he didn't do that.
What really happened here?
Tom has been offered a job.
What do you think changed?
Tom has been losing weight.
We all laughed about that.
Tom has been given a raise.
Try lifting your left arm.
Tom did a professional job.
Tell me what's the matter.
Tom decided to leave early.
Shouldn't I be there, too?
Tom claimed he wasn't paid.
Should you be eating that?
The ball is in Tom's court.
No one could've done that.
Should we be afraid of Tom?
May I eat dinner with you?
Is it possible to help Tom?
Just what's going on here?
Is Tom planning to do that?
It's pretty bad, isn't it?
I suppose I could help Tom.
If only it were that easy.
Does Tom think I'm unhappy?
I wonder if I can do that.
Do you think Tom is insane?
Does it make sense to you?
Why haven't you asked Tom?
Do you plan on doing that?
Which book did Tom choose?
Do we all have to do that?
Tom's rifle wasn't loaded.
Could you be here by 2:30?
Tom works as an architect.
Can you afford to do that?
Tom will just laugh at us.
Are you going to leave us?
Tom wasn't just a teacher.
Am I wasting my time here?
Tom was busier than I was.
Am I not doing this right?
Tom walked toward his car.
Who should be doing this?
Tom says it can't be done.
Who else is in this club?
Tom met Mary in the lobby.
Where has the money gone?
Tom may forget to do that.
What exactly is going on?
Tom left just before 2:30.
Should you be doing that?
Tom keeps interrupting me.
Just where are you going?
Tom is making new friends.
Isn't it better this way?
Tom has plenty of enemies.
Is it a crime to do that?
Tom has a very nice house.
I never thought we'd win.
Tom did that very quickly.
Doesn't that sound great?
Tom and Mary argued a lot.
Do you want to keep this?
Tom admitted he was wrong.
Do we have time for this?
I wouldn't have fired Tom.
Did you like that or not?
I need to see Tom at once.
Did you do that recently?
I didn't tell Tom to stop.
Did you actually do that?
Has Tom already done that?
Did anybody else do that?
Do you think Tom did that?
Could that really happen?
Tom was the only witness.
Can't I do that tomorrow?
Tom turned the water off.
Can you help me fix this?
Tom returned to his room.
Can you afford a new car?
Tom met Mary in the cafe.
Who's going to help you?
Tom lost touch with Mary.
Who should pay the bill?
Tom lives in Boston, too.
What's that on the desk?
Tom is refusing to leave.
Should we be doing this?
Tom is one of my cousins.
Maybe you could do both.
Tom has a violent streak.
Mary bought a new dress.
Tom gets offended easily.
Do you want to buy that?
Tom asked for more water.
Do you enjoy doing that?
Tom and Mary argue a lot.
Do we have what we need?
Tom also lives in Boston.
Do we have enough water?
So, what happened to Tom?
Didn't anybody help you?
Is Tom looking for a job?
Did you mean to do that?
Has anyone here seen Tom?
Will you also be there?
Could Tom have done that?
Who's going to do that?
Who cares what Tom does?
What's in your pockets?
Tom would've liked that.
No one could've helped.
Tom would often do that.
How does this all work?
Do you like doing that?
Tom turned the water on.
Can you afford to quit?
Tom says it can be done.
Why won't you help me?
Tom liked to play poker.
Why won't you do that?
Tom is in the next room.
Who actually did that?
Tom is getting an award.
Should we try to help?
Tom is causing problems.
I didn't buy any eggs.
Tom intended to do that.
I became very nervous.
Tom has won many awards.
Does everyone do that?
Tom has just been fired.
Do you mind if I stay?
Tom borrowed Mary's car.
Do we have to do that?
Tom became very nervous.
Did you have a mentor?
Tom always helps me out.
Can you find me a job?
Tom will likely resign.
Can you do that today?
Tom will also be there.
I just need to relax.
Tom wasn't cooperative.
Did anybody help you?
Tom speaks very slowly.
You're exaggerating.
Tom says he was framed.
The lobby was empty.
Tom is very well liked.
Did anyone help you?
Tom ignored both of us.
Did anybody do that?
Tom has no imagination.
Who should do that?
Tom did that very fast.
Tom deserves the award.
Should you do that?
Exactly how old is Tom?
How could I say no?
Does Tom still do that?
Do you hate me yet?
Why won't Tom do that?
Are you guys happy?
Tom works at a museum.
Should we do that?
Tom worked hard today.
Should we be here?
Tom will soon be here.
Could you be sued?
Tom wanted to do that.
Is this color OK?
Tom tried to bribe me.
We kept waiting, but he didn't come.
Rest.
Peel the orange.
Peel the lemon.
Peel the onion.
How do you milk a goat?
Play ball!
Kick it.
Pull it.
Push it.
Do it.
Burn it.
Kill it.
Bury it.
Mix it.
Drive it.
Touch it.
Lift your left leg.
Lift your right leg.
Lift your legs.
Lift your arm.
Lift your leg.
Lift your right arm.
Lift your left arm.
Show me your knee.
Show me your leg.
Show me your arm.
Show me your shoulder.
Show me your toes.
Show me your toe.
Show me your fingers.
Show me your finger.
Show me your stomach.
Show me your ankle.
Raise your arm.
Raise your leg.
Show me your tongue.
Show me your teeth.
Show me your gums.
Show me your chest.
Show me your back.
I'll have to examine you.
They were locked in a passionate embrace.
The examination won't take long.
Put these on.
Swallow the pills.
Swallow the pill.
Hold my glasses.
Hold my bag.
Listen to it.
Listen to that.
Read it.
Build it.
Destroy it.
Destroy them.
Kill him.
Kill her.
Kill them.
My language skills are subpar.
I have no social skills.
I have terrible social skills.
Show me your ankles.
Secure the area.
They were not sympathetic.
They weren't sympathetic.
I wasn't sympathetic.
I was not sympathetic.
Who am I to judge other people?
He sounds like my ex.
She sounds like my ex.
Who's your uncle?
Who's your aunt?
Who's your dad?
Who's your mom?
I don't use a firewall.
I use a firewall.
I make sure to keep my computer secure.
He was not sympathetic to my plight.
She was not sympathetic to my plight.
The road is full of potholes.
Though effective in theory, this practice is likely to be discriminatory in practice.
This approach is theoretically sound but practically dubious.
This practice is of dubious efficacy.
I've always loved languages.
I've always loved learning languages.
I've always been fascinated by languages.
Don't be such a spoilsport.
So you think this is funny?
So you think you're a tough guy?
Show me what you got, tough guy.
Show me what you got.
Empty your wallet.
Empty your briefcase.
Empty your backpack.
Empty your bag.
Empty your bags.
The history of this practice shows that it is far from being a perfect solution.
The door where I stood was red, the door behind which Mary waited was blue, and the door against which Tom leaned was green.
I can understand the language, but I'm not comfortable writing it.
I understand the language, but I'm not comfortable speaking it.
With the immigration of Mexicans to the United States, today there are also small communities of Nahuatl speakers in California, Arizona, New Mexico, Texas, and New York.
A federal law passed in gives Mexicans the right to bilingual education.
This percentage represents almost 1,million people, of which 198,are monolingual, such that Nahuatl is not in danger of dying in the near future.
In 1895, more than percent of the population of Mexico still spoke Nahuatl.
The social marginalization of the language (Nahuatl) and of indigenous communities led to a decrease in the number of speakers in the twentieth century.
Persistence makes anything possible.
Esperanto unites humanity.
The Italian language is often praised for its phonetic orthography. Words are written according to their pronunciation, regardless of their etymology.
How many vowels does English have? If you said five, you were wrong. Standard British English has twelve, not counting diphthongs.
Every child should be able to dress how they like.
He has a six-figure salary.
After the prophet's death, the adherents of the new religion began a great missionary war to conquer new territories.
In the eastern part of the Roman Empire, both Latin and Greek were used as administrative languages, but Greek dominated among the people.
The version of the language they spoke, known as Koine Greek, was based on the dialect of Athens.
Located kilometers from each other, Vienna and Bratislava are the two closest national capitals in the world.
We are all humans.
We're all humans.
The motorcyclist exceeded the speed limit.
Some people are scared of ghosts.
I was sick and had to stay indoors.
This is irrefutable proof that Mary is innocent.
Stop looking for a prince on a white horse; there's no such thing.
This is the address.
Won't you come to my house
Have you already arrived.
Thomas loves cars.
My employer reimburses me for expenses like parking and mileage.
Tom has been yakking on the phone for hours.
It makes me feel old.
Why are we having this conversation?
Why are we even discussing this?
The teacher split the students into groups.
The teacher asked the students to split off into groups of two or three.
I love this place!
Tom works at a local coffee shop.
Did you bring coffee?
Where's the coffee?
I need coffee in the morning.
Tom came in through a secret door in the wall.
I brought you coffee.
I need more coffee.
You need more than a coffee.
Tom is a bon vivant.
Tom is a connoisseur.
This may hurt a little.
Mary had a face-lift.
Tom has an STD.
This sink is made of stainless steel.
Most kitchen sinks are made of stainless steel.
Tom's house is shaped like a pyramid.
Stupid people tend to be arrogant.
Ignorant people tend to be arrogant.
It has a nice patina on it.
These plates are hand painted.
Oh, Tom, it's just wonderful!
This bronze statue is coated with patina.
The famed climber Ueli Steck, the 'Swiss Machine,' died in a climbing accident near Mount Everest.
The climber slipped on a rock and fell into a crevass.
This apartment has a galley kitchen.
This teacup is tiny.
This house has an open plan kitchen.
This is where it all started.
Layla was reeking of alcohol.
Layla paid for the taxi.
Tom put his slippers on.
Tom is doing gymnastics.
Tom has a barn door inside his apartment.
Mary wants to remodel her kitchen.
It's what I do for a living.
Tom lives in a RV.
How much would a new kitchen cost?
Mary is a gymnast.
It's a bit tight.
Keep your feet on the pedals.
Layla is the apple of her father Sami Fadil's eye.
Tom rides a bike to work.
Layla and me have to get along.
I don't want to arrive all sweaty at work.
There are showers at work.
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.
Tom's apartment has no air conditioning.
The surgery lasted six hours.
Tom has a model aircraft collection.
Layla lives by the lessons of the Good Book.
Layla's alibi is leaking like a sieve.
Layla died a peaceful death.
YouTube registration requires a real name and an address.
I could not write it down.
If you are going to a convenience store, it's better to bring a discount coupon along with you, I think.
Did you have time to write it down?
Tom caused a kerfuffle at the dinner last night.
The DVD contains deleted and extended scenes.
The Blu-ray contains a 20-minute behind-the-scenes featurette.
Butterflies are pretty.
Monarch butterflies are disappearing.
It's mine now and I'm not giving it back.
Don't look at me! I haven't done anything.
What are you doing next week?
Who are you going to see tonight?
I don't know what's gonna happen next?
I love to talk about myself.
I feel less shy now.
I'm more confident now.
You have a tendency to forget things.
People tend to react emotionally to events.
His creativity ran out.
It is impossible to tell what a politician's true beliefs are.
It is impossible to tell if a politician truly believes what they're saying.
How can you know what a politician truly thinks?
Politicians say whatever will get them elected.
This show horrifies me. I'm changing the channel.
It was late when I returned home.
Hokkaido is located in northern Japan.
God is not the greatest.
Bend it.
Fold it.
The visible colors of the rainbow are red, orange, yellow, green, blue, indigo, and violet.
Mary was a very good person.
Amnesia is a partial or total loss of memory.
This costs almost nothing.
With his characteristic impudence, Tom denied everything.
To love is to live twice.
Tom has resignedly accepted his fate.
Most languages are beautiful.
Mary is a girl who gets emotional easily.
January comes before February.
It's another five kilometers from here.
Every citizen has rights and duties.
Tom loves the game a lot.
The train leaves Rome at eight.
I'm refraining from making any criticism.
Every effort was in vain.
The Normans abandoned their original language.
Who discovered Brazil?
What am I, compared to the universe?
Esperanto is a truly rich language.
Esperanto is a completely logical language.
Esperanto is a completely phonetic language.
Esperanto is an interesting language.
Esperanto is a living language.
Thank you for coming to our house.
Where have you been until now?
Your friends will regret your absence.
Click to edit.
To hell with positivity. You can't continue being so naive.
Economic freedom improves quality of life.
Tom was exaggerating.
It's very likely that it will rain tomorrow.
Those who threatened the religious order were severely punished. The reason for this is, of course, obvious. The religious authorities gave the monarch divine right, and an affront to the religious establishment was a threat to the monarch's power.
Does he really believe what he's saying?
Does she really believe what she's saying?
Do they really believe what they say?
Does she really believe what she says?
Does he really believe what he says?
I'm sorry, but I don't speak Portuguese.
According to the weather forecast, it'll rain tomorrow.
According to the weather forecast, it's going to rain tomorrow.
Is he saying these things because he believes them, or because they're what his voters believe?
Such rhetoric serves to announce his ideological affiliations.
The purpose of this rhetoric is to appeal to his voters' ideological beliefs.
The purpose of this rhetoric is to express not his beliefs, but rather those of his voters.
You can never know if a politician truly believes what they're saying.
You can never really know if a politician believes what they're saying.
He frowned at me.
She frowned at me.
I frowned at him.
I frowned at her.
They frowned at me.
I frowned at them.
Heretics were punished, because a threat to religious orthodoxy was a threat to the monarch's power.
Heretics were executed.
Heretics were tortured.
That is heresy!
You are using the word incorrectly.
You're using the word incorrectly.
Such an idea was heresy in left-wing circles.
Such an idea was heresy in right-wing circles.
The deal is dead.
Our deal is dead.
We messed up the deal.
You messed up the deal.
Layla ordered Sami to stop the car.
Sami dragged Layla onto the road.
Layla backed her car.
Layla worked at a strip club, hoping to earn a quick buck.
If you want to throw your money away, that's your prerogative.
How do you feel about sex before marriage?
Tom ruined the resale value of his truck when he spilled paint in it.
The powerful must be held accountable for their actions.
A society cannot be truly democratic unless the powerful are held accountable for their actions.
The powerful are not held accountable for their actions.
The rich are not held accountable for their actions.
The law does not apply to the powerful.
The law does not apply to the rich.
The law does not apply to the rich and powerful.
The law doesn't apply to the rich and powerful.
The law doesn't apply to the rich.
The law doesn't apply to the powerful.
The rich aren't held accountable for their actions.
The powerful aren't held accountable for their actions.
Trust is very difficult to earn, but very easy to lose.
I am ashamed of my president.
How do you know when you're in love?
I got up at six in the morning.
Tom caused a commotion at the dinner last night.
The habit of eating more than necessary is a danger to health.
I'm a little puzzled.
You seem a little puzzled.
I came to the result by approximations.
Tom has gone bananas.
Tom and Mary watched the sun rise over the ocean.
Tom and Mary watched the sun set over the ocean.
Tom popped the hood.
The engine purrs like a kitten.
The engine runs as smooth as butter.
"Should I write my article about German word formation in German or in English?" "It doesn't matter to me. These days English is more common."
"If you live with people for as long as I have, you also learn their language," said the tomcat.
Tom is getting married in just a few days.
She slid a little closer to him on the sofa.
Tom slid a little closer to Mary on the couch.
Are you sure there isn't some kind of mistake?
What's your pretax income?
He isn't my type.
He's better looking than you.
This isn't happening.
Mary is waiting for her daughter to come back home.
Mary is waiting for her son to come back home.
Tom picked up his daughter at the day care.
Mary is waiting for her husband to come home.
Tom hides his savings inside a shoebox.
The chauffeur opened the door.
Tom bought a T-shirt at the concert.
We were worried sick about you!
Tom's home was destroyed by the hurricane.
Tom's home was destroyed by hurricane Katrina.
Where are you? Are you safe?
I've been worried sick about you. Why didn't you call?
I'm sure you'll like your new job.
I'm left-handed, and so I write with my left hand.
I write with my left hand because it's more convenient for me.
I cherish this city.
They dance all night.
Why didn't you answer your cell phone?
Why didn't you call me earlier?
I've been trying to reach you for hours.
Why didn't you open the door?
Why didn't you answer the door when I knocked?
Why didn't you answer when I knocked?
Why didn't you answer?
Maybe that's what he was talking about?
Tom? Are you in there?
Mary? Are you in there?
Why does she hate you?
Why does he hate you?
Tom keeps his savings under his mattress.
Tom keeps his savings in a shoebox under the bed.
Your parents must have been worried sick.
Tom sat down beside Mary on the porch.
Tom's stomach began to growl.
What are you talking about!
A metallic note sounded in his voice.
Everyone in the shelter!
His art failed at the critical moment.
I do not have a telly at home.
Try to learn vocabulary in this way.
Try to learn vocabulary in the way I told you.
This is a much more natural way to learn vocabulary.
Learn vocabulary in a natural way.
You can improve your fluency in English.
"What's this?" "It's just a shopping list."
I feel nervous when I speak English.
Speaking English isn't something special.
Native English speakers are just normal people.
Many native English speakers make errors in English.
Some habits are difficult to break.
My grammar sucks.
I don't have anything interesting to say.
This makes me uncomfortable.
No one expects you to be interesting all the time.
Express your ideas.
Stop feeding your bad habits.
I hope you found this lesson useful.
I didn't say he had taken it; I just said I had seen him in the kitchen.
Layla is up to no good.
Layla is determined to find out what happened.
Layla and Sami sometimes had trouble while they were dating.
Layla wasn't rattled by Sami's death in the least.
To add insult to injury, she just found out she is pregnant.
Layla has a criminal record longer than her arm.
The police got wind of a robbery in the area.
Layla put the fire out with a garden hose.
Layla witnessed her mother's abduction.
Layla still lives on in my heart.
Layla will always be in my heart.
We call each other brother.
I call Layla's mom Mom.
The accident forced Layla into a wheelchair.
Layla welcomed Sami with open arms.
Layla decided to stay.
Layla had no children of her own.
Layla was like a mother to us.
Layla was bleeding in the head.
Layla called for an ambulance.
Layla checked Sami's vitals.
Layla was airlifted to a local hospital.
Everything is bigger in Texas, including Layla's glasses.
Everything is bigger in Texas.
They say that everything is bigger in Texas.
Everything is bigger in Texas, including Sami's heart.
Everything is bigger in Texas, including Sami's mouth.
I was so embarrassed.
What if he's telling the truth?
What if she's telling the truth?
Tom has one just like it.
I thought I was the only one.
Almost all these apples are rotten.
Please wait one meter away.
Please stand one meter away.
The seashore looks particularly romantic in the moonlight.
He is my dad.
I think he isn't Chinese.
I think he is not Chinese.
This is my dad.
A flexible work schedule increases the productivity of employees.
I think he will come, but I'm not entirely sure.
Please tell me if I may help you anyhow. It would be a great pleasure to me.
Do not be a liar.
Tom has a pet snail.
Tom fed the snails lettuce.
He does not want to know anything.
She's aware of the situation.
Things are advancing at a snail's pace.
The weather is better today than yesterday.
It is better to act than to wait.
Death is better than slavery.
I'd rather starve than steal.
I live in Boston but I'm from L.A.
I come from a small family.
Mary used to be spoiled.
We always had to struggle.
I think I take after my mother.
I'd do anything for Mary.
Do you get along with Susan?
You're one of a kind.
You're really down to earth.
That's a small detail.
Since they parted, a lot of water has flowed under the bridge.
I have seen the film once before.
How often do you take a shower?
It is best to rest.
Layla's body was laying on the couch.
What do you like doing?
Layla looked closer.
Layla and Sami were both 45.
Zombies eat brains.
Life is not a path of roses.
We don't want to humiliate her.
Love is a highly addictive drug.
The sensors aren't detecting anything unusual.
I don't usually say this.
I don't usually do this.
This tastes like vanilla.
This soup is flavorless.
The interior of Tom's house is decorated tastefully.
It was a joke in poor taste.
The son must obey the father.
In all relations between peoples, a neutral language must be used.
Obligation means to be unable not to do something because of material necessity, practical need, moral law, or the imposition of someone else's desires.
The Christians said this was quite true.
The vocabulary presents several words which are common to the modern Iberian languages but have fallen into disuse in Italian.
It is my sad duty to tell you that Tom has passed away.
Do your duty without worrying about the consequences.
Tom is a slave to his duty.
Tom owes his life to Mary.
Do your duty.
Today, Turkey is a developed nation on the verge of joining the European Union.
Whether it be in Europeanized Turkey, liberal Bahrain, the federalist United Arab Emirates, absolutist Qatar, historical Jordan, oil-dependent Oman, in all of these places the belief prevails that only opening up to the world can transform them into better nations.
Besides Arabic, Turkish, and Persian, the colonial languages of English and French remain in use.
In recent years, some Muslim countries have prospered and attracted the attention of the world.
It is then that the modern problems appeared, which at times appear impossible to solve.
The Arabs declared an independent country with its capital at Damascus, but this was quickly divided into various colonies by the English and French.
The empire still included the islands of Cyprus, Crete, Rhodes, Malta, and Sicily.
Arabic art, literature, and architecture flourished, forming the ethnic identity that has continued to exist to the present day. This was what is called the Golden Age of Islam.
Between and 750, the Islamic Caliphate conquered the entire Arabian Peninsula, Mesopotamia, and North Africa, reaching the Indus river to the east, the Iberian Peninsula to the west, and the Black, Caspian, and Aral seas to the north.
Tom annoyed his dog to make it bark.
Tom wanted to buy a Newfoundland dog.
Mary's dog is very obedient.
Mary's dog is very docile.
Mary's dog is inoffensive.
Mary's dog is very intelligent.
Tom's dog has black and white spots.
The cat has retractable claws.
The cat is retracting its claws.
The cat jumped on the table.
His American name (Santa Claus) is a clear reference to Saint Nicholas, who died in Asia Minor on the 6th of December sometime during the 4th century.
The Almanac de Interlingua is a free, independent monthly publication whose goal is to supply reading material for anyone interested in learning or practicing Interlingua. Those interested in receiving the Almanac must send a request to the editor by email.
Interlingua is an international auxiliary language developed between and by the IALA (International Auxiliary Language Association). Its vocabulary and grammar is chiefly derived from five control languages: English, Spanish, Portuguese, French, and Italian.
Whoever looks at a map of Central America will see seven small nations. One of them is Belize, a former British colony — then called British Honduras — where today the English language is spoken.
Few people can describe the flags of Iraq, Afghanistan, or Kosovo, despite the constant appearance of these countries in international news.
Even less well known than the flags is their meanings.
Economic or military power, in this case, is less important than glory in sports.
Thanks to football, the whole world knows the flags of Germany, Brazil, Italy, or Argentina.
What is the basis for this claim?
I long for you!
I miss you!
I have a Chinese friend.
I do not have a Japanese friend.
Does he have a son?
Layla truly believed that Sami had psychic abilities.
Layla put her bicycle in the back of the building.
Layla believed that she had psychic abilities.
Sami viciously raped Layla.
Layla took all the money Sami had.
Layla shot Sami in the head.
Layla fell to the ground.
Layla buried Sami in the shallow grave.
Layla tried to cover her tracks.
Her daughters are all beautiful.
Murder hit our tiny town in 1987, when Layla Bakir was savagely killed by her boyfriend Sami Majid.
Layla was more than happy to break the law to get what she wanted.
Layla was naive and she really didn't know the ways of the world.
Layla was due to testify against Sami.
Layla decided to silence the witnesses.
No one had much of an appetite.
She is learning English and Chinese.
Layla and Sami went to junior high school together.
This is how we spread syphilis.
Lalya was almost dead.
Time drags slowly.
In childhood, time passes slowly.
In old age time passes quickly.
The train leaves at six o'clock.
You should prepare.
You should get ready.
Give them my regards.
Your letters arrive in two days.
This street goes through the whole city.
That path goes to the mountain.
The Romans built aqueducts to bring water from distant places into cities.
Many ancient technologies were lost during the Middle Ages.
Many Roman technologies were lost during the Middle Ages.
The Romans were one of the most technologically advanced civilizations of antiquity.
Layla cut herself cutting vegetables.
The wound was bleeding heavily.
He preferred playing the violin to singing.
The evidence suggests the opposite is the case.
I haven't formed an opinion on it yet.
The currently available evidence does not permit me to make such a claim.
The currently available evidence does not allow me to make such a claim.
People like you are the problem.
I wish people could be more like you.
You're my idol.
I worship you.
I kiss the ground beneath your feet.
I worship the ground you walk on.
He worships the ground she walks on.
Have you ever kissed a boy?
These letters look ugly.
This is an ugly font.
What kind of cloud is that?
What is that kind of cloud called?
Didn't you see the stop sign?
Didn't you see the sign?
Don't you see the sign?
Don't you see the stop sign?
If you do not leave this area, we are authorized to remove you by force.
Layla was in prison for a drug crime.
We are authorized to use force if necessary.
We do not use force unless necessary.
The police is here.
The police officer is here.
Tell him what you know.
Tell her what you know.
I don't know what happened that day.
All I know is that I was drunk.
All I know is that he was at a party.
Would you like some broth?
Layla had much to say.
Layla and Sami argued repeatedly that night.
Layla killed Sami over money.
We are of one opinion.
We have the same opinion.
Some say one thing, others say another.
Tell him what you saw.
Tell her what you saw.
Tell them what you saw.
I will tell you what I saw.
I'll tell you what I saw.
He's changed a lot.
Is mold in the dishwasher bad?
Tighten the screw somewhat, Tom! Then it will hold.
Spring started indeed.
I'm working as a carpenter.
I want to see a doctor.
The smile did not leave his face.
He could not stop smiling.
There's no point going there.
It makes no sense to remodel.
You run every day.
You're incredibly annoying.
Layla is a self-centered person.
Layla drives as if she owned the road.
Layla is argumentative and arrogant.
Layla likes to draw attention to herself.
Layla is self-absorbed and arrogant.
Layla prioritizes her own activities and interests.
Layla isn't in love anymore.
Layla loves her partner.
Layla just wants to be happy.
Layla is just miserly.
Layla is a self-absorbed woman.
Layla chose not to have kids.
This is what drives Layla crazy.
Layla is always playing the victim role.
Layla is always casting doubt.
Layla is a really dogmatic and close-minded person.
Layla thought it was a prank.
Layla is an anger-prone person.
Layla is a close-minded arrogant person.
Layla deleted Sami's number.
Layla broke up with Sami.
Layla blocked Sami's e-mail.
Layla started considering divorce.
Layla considered quitting her job.
I'll be with my girlfriend.
Layla and Sami went to the mosque together.
Layla hung out with rumored Satanists.
Layla received a ransom call.
Layla is a lead singer in a punk band.
Tom indulged in daydreams in class.
Layla felt that Sami was singing right to her.
Sami bit Layla's breast.
Layla was savagely beaten.
Layla was out drinking late.
Layla didn't show up for work.
Problems started to bubble up.
Do you realize how ridiculous it is?
He is not willing to take responsibility for his actions.
How long do I have to wait for my order to get here?
How long do I have to wait for my order to arrive?
I was at a party.
He was at a party.
She was at a party.
They were at a party.
I saw my friend.
I saw a friend of mine.
I started talking to him.
I started talking to her.
I started talking to them.
They didn't want to listen to what I had to say.
You do not have to pile everything in one heap.
I didn't want to listen to what he had to say.
He had important information for me.
She had important information for me.
He pulled out his wallet.
He threw his credit cards into the fire.
She threw her credit cards into the fire.
It's a relief not to have to deal with credit cards anymore.
I'm glad I don't have credit cards anymore.
I burned all my credit cards.
I'm debt-free.
He's debt-free.
She's debt-free.
I love having no debt.
I have tons of debt.
I'm in debt.
She's in debt.
He's in debt.
I am forever indebted to you.
You are my slave.
I am your servant.
You are my servant.
You are my king.
I am your king.
You are my queen.
I am your queen.
He is your king.
She is your queen.
They are your rulers.
You must do whatever he tells you.
You must do whatever she tells you.
I can't imagine life without books.
I can't imagine life without the internet.
The internet is a waste of time.
I don't use social media.
Social media is a waste of time.
If you don't do what he says, he'll kill you.
If you don't do what she says, she'll kill you.
If you don't do what they say, they'll kill you.
What does the kidnapper look like?
What does the thief look like?
What does the suspect look like?
What does the man look like?
What does the woman look like?
Can someone help me lift this package?
Can someone help me lift this box?
If I don't do what they say, they'll kill me.
If you don't do what we say, we'll kill you.
You will do what we tell you.
I will do what you tell me.
I will do what he says.
I will do what she says.
You will do what we say.
This package is heavy.
This vacuum cleaner is heavy.
What's in this package?
What did you get me for my birthday?
I didn't get any Christmas presents this year.
I didn't receive any Christmas presents this year.
I didn't buy any Christmas presents this year.
I didn't get anything for my birthday.
Everyone forgot my birthday.
No one remembered my birthday.
Everybody forgot my birthday.
This is a lovely surprise.
She would never leave me alone.
He would never leave me alone.
Unplug the phone.
Turn off the phone.
The phone's unplugged.
The computer's unplugged.
The laptop's unplugged.
The phone needs to be recharged.
I suggest you do what he says.
I suggest you do what she says.
I suggest you do what they say.
We cannot allow this state of affairs to continue any longer.
This is a deplorable state of affairs.
How can you tolerate this state of affairs?
I will not tolerate such a state of affairs.
Alice has a cat.
Venus and Mars are the neighbors of the Earth.
Poland is a neighbor of Ukraine.
I can take the integral and the derivative. And you?
He pretended he didn't notice me.
He pretended not to notice me.
He pretended he didn't see me.
They shunned me.
He was shunned by the community.
The community shunned him.
He was an outcast.
She was an outcast.
I was an outcast.
I was shunned.
No one wanted to be seen with me.
No one wanted to be seen with him.
No one wanted to be seen with her.
No one wanted to be seen with them.
I wouldn't be caught dead with you.
I work as well as you, neither better nor worse.
I work in the same place as you.
Guppies are one of the most popular aquarium fish species.
Birds fly in packs.
"The sugar bowl is almost empty." "In the morning it was full." "That's strange."
Slowly but surely English is losing importance in Europe.
"The salt shaker is empty." "Did you fill it with salt?" "Yes, to the edge."
I am alone in the world.
I'm alone in the world.
What is the moral of the story?
You should learn your lessons.
Everyone needs to be here tomorrow.
Pyongyang is the capital of North Korea.
I want to go to North Korea.
I am from North Korea.
North Korea is weird.
North Korea and South Korea are neighbors.
I don't like learning several languages at the same time.
The squirrels ran up the tree.
Tom is a herpetologist.
I'm being eaten alive by mosquitoes.
We were being eaten alive by mosquitoes.
The heat was suffocating.
The heat was almost unbearable.
Revolution is the fire on which some are burnt to death, and others cook their soup.
Tom took questions from the audience.
Eugene is a genealogist.
Only one who has worked hard during the day can become famous overnight.
He is knocking on his eyes in hunger.
You're just looking for someone to blame.
Don't blame others for your mistakes.
If you travel after the rush hour, it is easier to pick up a cheap fare.
Tom didn't want to go back.
She teased him a little.
He teased her a little.
Mary brushed back her hair from her face.
The ballboys and ballgirls all came from surrounding schools.
Tom likes to make faces at the children when their parents are not looking.
Is the son good?
That's her girlfriend.
He was a bad ticket inspector.
He is an awful ticket inspector.
It seems like a lifetime ago.
That seems like a lifetime ago.
I know all about your plan.
I don't want anyone to see me like this.
Tom has high cheekbones.
Everyone was supportive.
It doesn't work correctly.
Tom jumped up and hugged Mary.
Tom read all the documents.
Mary put the ham in the oven.
Mary put the turkey in the oven.
Tom ran and hugged his mom and dad.
He's really good-looking.
Tom is forty-three.
Mary is thirty-six years old.
Do you want your hair washed?
Mary is tall and slender.
My hair is receding.
My hairline is receding.
Tom! The car is on fire!
I don't want to go bald.
"Are you married or single?" "I'm not married. I'm divorced."
Tom lost his hair because of the chemotherapy.
The boys laughed loudly.
Tom took one for the team.
I think Tom has the hots for you.
All babies cry.
Tom's father is sixty-seven years old.
I already know her name at least.
She was as pretty as a primrose.
I like to look nice.
They did a lot of work.
This penny-stock scam defrauded thousands of investors.
Tom was awarded a knighthood.
This Ponzi scheme defrauded thousands of investors of billions of dollars.
Worthy or not, my life is my subject, and my subject is my life.
Happy or unhappy, life is the only treasure which man possesses.
She massaged his stiff muscles.
Tom massaged Mary's stiff shoulders.
All theory, my friend, is grey, but green is life's glad golden tree.
Are you defending him?
Are you defending her?
Continuous effort - not strength or intelligence - is the key to unlocking our potential.
We will not see each other for long.
I'll start tomorrow.
I think I overdid it a bit.
Tom is jaded and cynical.
Tom is sweet and romantic.
I didn't learn this in school.
Each thing at its time.
The Komodo dragon is the world's largest lizard.
Tom changed the ringtone on his phone.
Hope Jane's there.
Are you trying to say something?
Look out, dude!
Should I bring something to you?
That's so exciting!
Are you sure you're not Ms. Ramirez?
Who told you that? Tell me now!
I wonder if Obama could be the president of the world.
Leif Erikson discovered North America before Christopher Columbus.
Carrots are good for your eyesight.
Don't worry, I can do this.
L.A. is a wonderful city.
Why have you been in L.A. lately?
It's a bomb?
Have you ever tried to do by your own? Give it a try!
Let's forget this, OK?
Does it sound good to you?
Is it enough for you?
I returned home in time.
Try to stay calm, OK?
Relax and let it go!
500Gb?
I don't know what happened to her.
I don't know what happened to Susan.
Susan Ramirez doesn't live here.
I'm quite impressed.
"Is it Monday or Tuesday?" "Today is Tuesday."
"Tomorrow is Wednesday or Thursday?" "Tomorrow is Wednesday."
Plants need a lot of water.
Plants need water and sunlight.
Tom is an horticulturist.
Yesterday was Wednesday, and tomorrow will be Friday.
No one dares to contradict her.
No one dares to contradict him.
Everyone comes to her for advice.
Everyone comes to him for advice.
Yesterday was Thursday and the day after tomorrow is Sunday.
That is all he's capable of doing.
He is all talk and no action.
Stop telling us how great you are.
You won't say it, but you don't have to, because we understand it.
"Is Tom married or divorced?" "He is married."
The day before yesterday was Tuesday; the day after tomorrow is Saturday.
He kept his head.
Tom's house has a large garden.
We tried to hold on to him but we lost him.
The hen ate an earthworm.
The hens are in the chicken coup.
I am going to milk the cows.
This cat is not for sale.
This dog is not for sale.
Why do you want to sell these pieces of furniture?
These pieces of furniture are not for sale.
Doing good work is always difficult.
Is there a bathroom in the room?
The path of virtue is very narrow and the path of vice is very wide and spacious.
I know that the path of virtue is very narrow and that the path of vice is very wide and spacious.
I bought myself a car even though I don't have money.
He has a good chance of becoming the president of France next Sunday even though he was still unknown three years ago!
Can you call a doctor please?
Where can I find an interpreter?
I lost my papers.
What treatment are you following right now?
Can you speak slower please?
Can you speak more slowly please?
Where is the closest pharmacy?
Do you want to learn a little vocabulary?
I feel good here.
I like your country a lot.
I like your country very much.
It's a village
This is a village.
That's a village.
Do you have the train schedule?
Do you have a knife please?
Where can we get lunch?
Where can we have lunch?
Where can we eat lunch?
What is the color of the black sea?
I like to recycle, It protects the environment and my wallet.
I'm shocked! Emmanuel is probably going to win the next election.
I was stunned by the speed of its reaction.
The search for the truth is the most noble of occupations, and its publication, a duty.
Intelligence is found in the capacity to recognize similarities among different things and differences between similar things.
Don't worry! Nothing ever happens here anyway.
Today I don't want to hear any complaints.
I have no appetite for fish nor for meat.
I'm not going to the movies with you.
This problem is based on a misunderstanding.
She shivers from cold.
We stayed home because of bad weather.
When I was a student I lived in Paris.
My grand parents planned a boat trip with us.
When we woke up, Grandfather had brought fresh buns for breakfast.
My parents and I drove all night.
It was a beautiful Sunday morning at the baltic sea.
They defended themselves.
You had called.
He had taken a picture.
Tom retired four years ago.
He's getting married for love.
Why do bumblebees buzz?
The EU was founded in the time after the Second World War. With its first steps, the European Union promoted economic cooperation. It strove to create a mutual interdependence through economic exchange, which was intended to avoid risks of conflict.
Since then, the EU has become an enormous domestic market, with a single currency, the euro. What came into being as a purely economic union became an organization that is active in all areas, from development aid to environmental policy.
Most scientists believe that this has been caused by man, through the release of methane, of carbon dioxide, and other greenhouse gases since industrialization. A few other scientists doubt this, however.
What is an onomatopoeia?
My cat meows all the time.
I'd hoped the zine would connect all sort of people who understood how much cooler it was to thrift than to buy new junk.
The hens are in the chicken coop.
She trembles with cold.
You gawk.
Try to enlarge the image.
Why don't you try to enlarge the image?
You can add sentences that you do not know how to translate. Perhaps someone else will know! If you can, so much the better.
In my opinion, Tatoeba is a pleasant and instructive pastime.
I think this little bird fell from the nest.
Why might anyone be interested in this?
Do you want us to work late tonight?
Are you in favor of legalizing abortion, Mary?
Our future is at stake.
I like to listen to classical music while I'm studying.
We hope that you go to the meeting on Saturday night.
I hope that the exam is easy. I hope that it doesn't have very hard questions.
I'm glad you liked the sentence.
I'm not fishing for compliments.
Is the right to vote a duty?
I want a studio cat.
Her accent is perfect.
That really gives away my age.
Beth is in the teacher's room right now seeing her teacher.
In Hawaii, you can enjoy sea bathing year-round.
I'm going to have to start lobbing. I can't win with just passing shots.
Everybody at the party was charmed by her grace.
He needs help now.
"Tell me, at least, what kind of hair did she have? What was her hairdo like?" "I wasn't paying attention."
Preparations are in full swing.
Have you already decided where to go?
Where did you decide to go to?
You know, Tom, that's really a vile thing!
To live is to feel.
Our future depends on the goodwill of a small elite.
I did everything that was within my reach.
Today I voted.
Why did you choose this career?
Tom caught a cold from Mary.
We ran away from the dog.
Your parents must've been worried when you didn't come home last night.
Tom says he wanted to do that last week, but didn't have the time to do it.
Would you like to know who she is?
If you don't like each other, why do you always hang out together?
Do the doctors think Tom will have to stay in the hospital for a long time?
If you don't do that, who will?
What do you plan to do this afternoon?
Tom said he didn't want to tell Mary that he lost so much money gambling.
Do you know that boy?
Are you working on a new cookbook?
Does Tom really think he can convince Mary to go to the dance with him?
I wish I were somewhere else.
Why don't you stay for lunch?
Tom likes to make faces at children when their parents aren't looking.
Which guitar do you play the most often?
Sometimes it seems like the law doesn't apply to the rich and powerful.
Would you tell me why you don't want to go to Boston with Tom?
Would you like to do that instead?
Are you sure you want to pitch your tent this close to the river?
I thought I might be able to persuade Tom to do that, but I wasn't.
How often do you wash your dog?
What do you like to do in the evening?
Would you like to know why Tom didn't do what he said he'd do?
Do you collect coins?
Are you trying to start something?
Tom says he's thinking about not doing what Mary asked him to do.
I was at home almost all day.
Why did you buy one of those?
Does Tom really think he can convince Mary to buy his old car?
Where do you plan to go to college?
That was the first time I'd ever seen anybody ride a unicycle.
Tom is waiting for his daughter to come back home from the dance.
Would you have courage to do that?
You don't want to spend the rest of your life in prison, do you?
How much do you think Tom has to pay Mary to clean his house?
How often do you wash your car?
Is this why you asked me to come here?
Tom started laughing when I told him what caused the accident.
How old is that hat?
Are you trying to imply something?
Don't you want to know why Tom didn't go to Boston with Mary?
I never want to leave Boston.
Why aren't we doing that now?
Tom asked me if I was going to go swimming tomorrow afternoon.
What you did wasn't good enough, was it?
I thought I might be able to do that, but I wasn't able to.
Does Tom think he's the only one here who can't speak French?
Why don't you want to do that now?
If I gave you three hundred dollars, what would you spend it on?
Tom started laughing when I told him about what had happened.
How does Tom plan to celebrate?
Is that why you asked me to come here?
Does Tom know that you're not going to be at today's meeting?
Don't you work here?
Are you sure that's what you mean?
Tom said he had to do something that needed to be done today.
I had no idea where you were.
Who else do you plan to tell?
Does Tom know that you're going to be in Boston next October?
What kind of food are you talking about?
Your parents must've been happy when you got into Harvard.
Tom said he didn't want to tell Mary about what had happened.
Why did you decide not to do that?
Would you tell me why you don't want to go to Boston with us?
Do you know why Tom and Mary didn't go to the dance together?
Don't you want to visit Boston?
Is that what you really wanted to say?
Tom pulled out his wallet and took out his driver's license.
Don't you ever rest?
Are you saying you don't trust me?
Don't you want to tell Tom about what happened to you today?
I don't usually wear jewelry.
Who do you think they picked?
Tom's surgery lasted three hours longer than they expected.
Should any of this stuff be thrown away?
Please tell me why you didn't buy what I asked you to buy.
Do you think there's a chance that Tom knows how to do that?
Who do you plan to ask for advice?
If I gave you three hundred dollars, how would you spend it?
Tom told me that he's decided to stay for a few more days.
Don't you want to try it again?
Is that what you really planned to do?
Does Tom think he's the only one here who can speak French?
Did it surprise you?
Are you saying you didn't do that?
Tom said he wanted to see if he could swim to that island.
I didn't buy what you wanted.
Where do you want to do that?
Do you really want to spend the rest of your life with Tom?
Is anybody here willing to work with me?
I thought I was the only one here who could speak French.
Tom asked me if I was planning to go to Boston in October.
Which phone would you rather have?
Do you really want to spend the rest of your life in Boston?
Do you have any idea how long Tom has been studying French?
Don't you want to take a break?
How accurate do you think this data is?
Tom and Mary were in the same class in junior high school.
How can I get home?
Are you quite sure it's all right?
Don't you want to see the school where Tom graduated from?
Don't you ever do that again.
Where do you think they went?
Tom said he wasn't going to go shopping this afternoon.
How much did they charge you to do that?
My mother didn't even bake me a birthday cake this year.
Does Tom really think Mary will go to the dance with him?
Which one would you chose and why?
How can we prevent this from happening again in the future?
Tom said he was determined to find out why that happened.
Don't you want to see the list?
Have you discussed this with a lawyer?
Do you think there's a chance that Tom will have a party?
Don't you want one?
Are you prepared for an emergency?
Tom said he had something important to do this afternoon.
My comment has been deleted.
Where do you plan to do that?
Are you saying you don't know where Tom hid the diamonds?
Have you seen anything like this before?
I have several friends who don't have driver's licenses.
I think we should wait until Tom gets here before we eat.
Which books are you talking about?
Don't you think we should be discussing this in my office?
Do you think Tom and Mary will go to the dance together?
Don't you want to learn French?
Have I already told you about my book?
Tom started laughing when I told him what Mary had done.
Do you really care?
Are you going to buy one of these?
Do you know why Tom and Mary decided not to get married?
Let's not discuss that here.
What should we do about that?
Tom put the fire out by dumping a bucket of water on it.
Have you ever considered not doing that?
I thought you said you didn't know how to speak French.
Do you have any idea how long Tom wants to stay with us?
Which bills are you talking about?
Did you even know that you could buy apples at that store?
Tom put the fire out by covering it with a wet blanket.
Don't you want to go to school?
Don't you wish you'd done that sooner?
Who did Tom think was going to meet him at the airport?
Who else did that?
Are you getting any advice at all?
Perhaps you should wait until Tom gets here to do that.
I'm forever indebted to you.
What have you all been up to?
Does Tom think Mary would like to go to Boston with us?
Has having so much money made you happy?
That was the first time I'd ever seen anybody do that.
I didn't know that Tom didn't know how to speak French.
Where did you say you bought that?
Do you know anyone who's been a victim of identity theft?
Does Tom think Mary would enjoy playing tennis with us?
Don't you usually wear glasses?
Don't you wish that you had more time?
Tom wouldn't tell me why he had dropped out of school.
Do you work a lot?
Are you doing what you want to do?
Does Tom still do the same kind of stuff he used to do?
I suggest you don't do that.
What do you hope will happen?
Tom was upset when I told him about what had happened.
Don't you wash your hands before eating?
I wasn't able to buy everything I was supposed to buy.
Does Tom really think he can convince Mary to help him?
When would you like me to do that?
Did you really forget to take your medicine this morning?
Tom started taking piano lessons when he was thirteen.
Does everybody need to do this?
Don't you wish that you could do that?
Do you want to see the school where Tom graduated from?
Do you surf?
Are you afraid that you won't win?
Tom started crying when I told him about the accident.
I felt I had no alternative.
Is that the guy that hit you?
Would you tell me what Tom did that made you so angry?
Don't you want to talk about the affair?
I thought you said you wanted to go swimming with us.
Tom said he wasn't planning to go swimming tomorrow.
What'll you do when you get there?
If I gave you three hundred dollars, what would you buy?
Is there any chance that Tom was the one who did that?
Does everybody have to do this?
Don't you watch the TV in the morning?
Tom got angry when I told him about what had happened.
I don't usually read poetry.
Wouldn't you rather be in Boston?
Does Tom really think he can do that without any help?
Don't you want to study with me anymore?
Is salad really good for you?
Tom didn't speak French as well as I thought he could.
What should we be doing right now?
I have several friends who have spent time in prison.
Does Tom really think he can convince Mary to do that?
Do you wish I hadn't done that?
Don't you want to know who's going to be here tomorrow?
I'm pretty sure Tom isn't going to be at Mary's party.
Layla was upset and speaking in half-sentences.
Tom has decided to take the plunge and start up his own business.
A sentence is like a flower; its meaning is pollen. A translator is like a bee; translation is just pollination between different plants – it carries life...
They did not have any roses.
We can still do something to deal with all this.
Tom does not like country music.
An untranslated sentence is like a flower waiting for pollination.
Studying: computer science
Hurry up, the professor will not wait for you.
I have a lesson. My students are already waiting for me.
In the lab, two graduate students were waiting for me.
My students are waiting for me.
It happens to everyone sooner or later.
Sooner or later it happens to everyone.
Someone must have told him, but it wasn't me.
Someone must have told her, but it wasn't me.
Sooner or later, this happens to everyone.
Sooner or later everyone dies.
Tom is an American living in Paris.
Tom lives in Paris.
A thousand South Korean Won equals about 0.US dollars.
One Canadian dollar equals 0.US dollars.
Tom won a T-shirt.
Mary and Kate are identical twins.
Tom and Mike are identical twins
These identical twins were separated at birth.
These identical twins were separated at birth and reunited years later.
These identical twins were separated at birth and raised in different families.
The twins were finally reunited at the age of 35.
Researchers study identical twins to solve the "Nature vs. Nurture" debate.
This is one of the funniest movies I have seen in a long time.
Mary watched a romantic comedy.
Tom and Mary watched a romantic comedy.
Who's her father?
It started with a kiss.
You're not being straight with me.
It's a perfect day for a hike.
It was utter fiasco.
How did you get past the alarm system?
I'm not in the mood to go fishing.
I'm confused about something.
Mary bit her lower lip.
I can't believe I agreed to this.
I'm very happy for your friend.
Tom has a ponytail.
You know how much I hate cooking.
I can't believe I agreed to do this.
I can't believe I agreed to come with you.
China joined the World Trade Organization in 2001.
Tom used reverse psychology.
Mary used reverse psychology on Tom.
Whatever you do, don't eat your broccoli.
Tom hit pay dirt.
Tom did the opposite of what he was asked to do.
Is this an entrance to another dimension?
There are no books in Russian here, we should go to another store in the center of the city.
This language is written using the Latin alphabet.
English is an SVO language because the subject comes first, followed by the verb and then the object.
SOV (subject-object-verb) is the most common word order for languages.
This telescope has a very large mirror.
Telescopes have a primary and a secondary mirror.
Tom never gets lost.
Tom gets lost easily.
Have I ever lied to him?
Have I ever lied to her?
Have I ever lied to them?
The spaceship isn't fast enough.
We must get to the root of the problem.
The problem is not insurmountable.
Try to see it from my point of view.
Try to see it from his point of view.
Try to see it from her point of view.
Try to see it from their point of view.
Do you love your son?
Do you love your daughter?
Do you love your parents?
This village is boring.
This town is boring.
This city is boring.
I'd like to make an appointment for tomorrow.
Where are all the flying cars?
I was told there would be flying cars in the future.
I was told the future would have flying cars.
I've got a great idea for a Christmas present.
That would make a great Christmas present.
Is this a polynomial?
It would make a great Christmas present.
This would make a great Christmas present.
What can I do to avoid being hit by a meteor?
The spacecraft was destroyed.
It's unplugged.
What's the Wi-Fi password?
How do I connect to your Wi-Fi?
This book is interesting, but boring.
This book is a dry read.
The book is a dry read.
We need more eggs.
We need more tomatoes.
We need more potatoes.
We need more flour.
I want to go home and that's why I'm crying.
I am too late, right?
Everyone makes mistakes from time to time.
I'm only writing down a few names that spontaneously occur to me.
Does it rain much in your country?
Act exactly as I said.
He will certainly come, nevertheless.
Is this book enjoyable?
I didn't report any of that.
Don't you want us to take you with us?
Do you think you could do the same thing Tom is doing?
Don't you want to see that happen again?
Would you like to know who he is?
Tom was shocked when I told him what Mary had bought.
What do you plan to do about that?
How do you think it happened?
Can Tom really speak French as well as he says he can?
There's a very good chance that it'll rain tomorrow.
Tom was shocked when I told him what I planned to do.
Perhaps you should do that.
Do you think there's still a chance that that'll happen?
How long do you think it'll take Tom to do that?
Don't you want to see me do a cartwheel?
Don't you want to talk about anything?
Tom said he was determined to find out what happened.
What did your kidnapper look like?
Would you answer a few questions?
Have you thought about how Tom might feel about that?
Do you want to know who she is?
How do you plan to celebrate?
Tom said he wanted to learn how to tie a square knot.
Only teenagers can do that.
That was the first time I'd ever eaten Chinese food.
Does Tom take care of you or do you take care of him?
Don't you want to know who that girl is?
Do you really think it's worth the price they're asking?
Tom said he didn't want to stay in Boston any longer.
What did they charge you for that?
Don't you want to sit near the window?
Do you want to see a picture of Tom when he was baby?
Do you truly intend to do that?
Would anyone care if we did that?
Tom said he didn't want to go to the dance with Mary.
My dog is very intelligent.
How did you guys get started?
Do you think there's a chance that Tom will be there?
Don't you want to know what's happening?
I think you should do that before you go home today.
Tom put his keys on the table next to his sunglasses.
What conclusions have you come to?
Would you like to know who bought this jacket for you?
Do you have any idea how long Tom has been in Boston?
Do you think we should do that?
Do you want to throw all of this away?
Tom didn't think Mary would eat what he made for her.
Let's meet somewhere later.
Which shows do you like to watch?
Don't you want to tell Tom about what you did today?
Does your school have a basketball team?
Has anybody been helping you?
Tom can't speak French as well as I thought he could.
Were you really surprised by that?
I don't know much about art, but I know what I like.
Do you think Tom is going to be here this afternoon?
Do you think that would be fun?
Why don't you stay here for a couple of days with us?
Tom was shocked when I told him about what happened.
Let's go swimming tomorrow.
Do you want to know who that woman is?
Do you have any idea how long Tom will be in Boston?
Do your parents let you do that at home?
Where did you go to kindergarten?
Tom started crying when I told him his dog had died.
Isn't that what you wanted to say?
Don't you want us to do that?
Wouldn't you like to know why Tom isn't here today?
Do you think it really matters?
Very few people would disagree with that statement.
Tom said he wanted to try to swim across this river.
Let's go swimming together.
How much more do we have to do before we can go home?
Who did Tom say was going to go to Boston with him?
Do you still do all the cooking at home?
Do you think it's possible to do that?
Tom didn't think Mary would go to Boston by herself.
Isn't that what you wanted to buy?
What'll you do when that happens?
If you don't mind telling me, how does Tom do that?
Do you know who's been invited?
Don't you recognize my voice?
I'm pretty sure Tom doesn't have a driver's license.
I won't report any of this.
My mother didn't bake me a birthday cake this year.
Does Tom think he'll be able to do that by himself?
Do you really think you need to do that?
How long do you think it'll take you to do that?
I wasn't able to do everything Tom said I had to do.
Is there anything you need to buy?
Do you realize how ridiculous that is?
Does Tom seriously think anybody will vote for him?
Do you know what this thing is?
What time did you lock the rooms?
I wasn't able to buy everything Tom asked me to buy.
I wanted to dance with you.
Don't you ever wash your dog?
Does Tom seriously think Mary will go out with him?
Do you know why I'm supposed to do that?
If you don't do what the boss says, he'll fire you.
I suggest you don't do what Tom tells you not to do.
If you don't believe me, who will?
Have you ever seen something like this happen before?
Do you know why Tom doesn't live in Boston anymore?
Do you have a place to do that?
Do you know who's supposed to do that?
Tom says he isn't interested in doing that anymore.
I knew it was just a prank.
What do you think about that now?
Do you have any idea how long Tom stayed in Boston?
Do you know anyone who's gone to Boston?
Does anyone here really care?
Tom sat in the dimly-lit room, staring at the wall.
How do you plan to pay for this?
I think you should talk to the children about that.
Are you saying you know where Tom hid the diamonds?
Do you do any cooking yourself?
Don't you wish that you didn't have to be here today?
Tom said he had something important to say to Mary.
I haven't been invited yet.
Do you know anyone that has done that?
Would you tell me why Tom doesn't want to do that?
Do you have what it takes to be a coach?
What did the kidnapper look like?
Tom paid the taxi driver twice what the meter said.
Have you seen a doctor about that?
How many of Tom's paintings have you sold for him?
Do we have to do anything else?
I don't think I'm hungry enough to eat all of this.
Tom has a tendency to say things that he shouldn't.
I don't know any Canadians.
Don't you want to talk about what happened yesterday?
Don't you want to see the school that Tom went to?
Are you worried about what might happen?
Did you come up with that on your own?
I wasn't able to do everything Tom wanted me to do.
Have you had any successes lately?
Was that what you were expecting?
Does Tom really understand what's going to happen?
Did you take photos last night?
Do you resent our being here?
I thought you said you didn't see Tom this morning.
I didn't go swimming today.
Perhaps you should wait until tomorrow to do that.
Do you want to know why I didn't help Tom do that?
Are you sure this plan is going to work?
Do you want to know who is going to be here tomorrow?
I asked Tom to show my some pictures of his family.
Have you all thought this through?
Can you meet me at my office at 2:30?
Did Tom really say this wouldn't cost us anything?
Can you get the job done today?
Isn't that what you wanted to do?
Tom was shocked when I told him what had happened.
I did that three weeks ago.
Do you all even care anymore?
Wouldn't you like to know why Tom didn't do that?
Are you satisfied with the service here?
I thought you said you didn't know how to do that.
Tom says he has a lot to do before he can go home.
Has all your money made you happy?
Do I really need to be at the meeting this afternoon?
Is there any chance Tom was the one who did that?
Can you believe I'm doing this?
Can you help get me out my wheelchair?
Tom sat on the dock, looking at children swimming.
Everybody needs to do this.
Is this the best we can hope for?
Does Tom think he's still the strongest one here?
Are you going to play golf next weekend?
Did you hear anyone laughing?
Tom said he didn't want to go to Boston with Mary.
Don't you want us to wait for you?
I think you should wait until tomorrow to do that.
Does Tom know what Mary is going to do next year?
Aren't you planning to do that?
Did you hear about what happened here this afternoon?
Tom pretended he didn't know how to open the safe.
You should try to do that.
Are you quite sure it's OK to do this?
Do you want to know why Tom quit going to school?
Are there things that we can do to help?
Is there anything you need to do?
Tom isn't likely to want to go to Boston with you.
Don't you want to try another one?
Did I tell you about my book?
Do you have any idea how long Tom studied French?
Aren't you going to go with us?
I have several friends who used to live in Boston.
Tom deleted all of Mary's pictures from his phone.
You can do so much better.
How long do you think it'll take us to do that?
Are you really planning to go to Boston with Tom?
You don't know what's going on, do you?
Are you going to do that anytime soon?
Tom asked Mary to teach him how to play the flute.
Don't you want to talk about this?
Is there anything you have to do?
Someone must've told him, but it wasn't me.
Introduce me to Tom.
I put the newspapers near the armchair.
She put the tray in the oven for minutes.
Tom aced the interview.
Layla promised Sami a kiss.
There is only one way out.
Layla saved my life.
Sami? It was just a teenage crush.
It's a cold day.
It's a cold day in Cairo.
My shift ends at five.
My day is arriving.
Layla is really here.
Layla asked her boss if she could leave.
Layla was doing her hair.
Sami was a gorgeous boy.
Sami was perfect.
Sami took Layla out.
This car is so amazing.
Layla's hair is a big part of her appeal.
This was Layla's first car.
Layla liked Sami's car.
Layla has been admiring Sami for a while.
Layla was the only girl Sami saw every day.
Sami delivers the morning paper in the neighborhood.
Layla really liked Sami.
All girls were crazy about Sami.
All boys were crazy about Layla.
Layla gave Sami a check.
Can I give him the check?
Layla paid Sami.
Layla gave Sami the money.
I have a check for you.
Your car is so cool.
Layla's car is so cool.
Layla was always helping Sami.
Layla was in no hurry.
Layla and Sami had a romantic American date.
Layla and Sami had a romantic date.
Layla was so excited.
Layla and Sami had a dream date.
Layla was the victim of a sexual assault.
That's not what Layla is thinking about now.
Layla doesn't have a driver's permit.
Layla drives carefully.
Layla let Sami drive.
You scared the hell out of us.
Layla just kept driving.
Layla kept driving.
Layla wanted to go park at the lake.
It's a place where Sami goes fishing.
Layla parked at the lake.
Layla and Sami knew each other.
Layla was the victim of a rape.
Layla was raped by Sami.
Layla and Sami parked at the lake.
The moon was shining off the lake.
Layla and Sami started kissing.
Layla paid attention to nothing.
Layla and Sami paid attention to nothing except to themselves.
Layla pulled Sami out of the car.
Layla got brutally beaten with sticks.
Layla didn't know what to think.
Layla said what she wanted.
Layla tried to defend Sami.
Sami grabbed Layla upon her waist.
This is where Layla's worst nightmare began.
Sami tried to penetrate Layla but she didn't let him.
Sami grabbed Layla by her throat.
Layla thought she was going to die.
Layla couldn't fight anymore.
Layla has been badly beaten.
Layla wasn't able to protect Sami.
Layla hid behind a tree.
Layla jumped in her car and drove off.
Layla was lying there.
Layla had a broken rib.
Layla was beaten in the face and the chest area.
Layla tried to get Sami up.
Layla heard a familiar voice.
Layla heard a familiar sound.
Layla is going to come back and kill Sami.
Layla was trapped.
Layla had only one way out.
Layla called for help.
It's swim or die.
It's swim or die here.
Layla just kept swimming.
Layla kept swimming.
Layla struggled to stay afloat.
Layla can't stop now.
Layla swam as far as Sami did.
Layla was strong enough to swim across the river.
The water was freezing.
The water was so cold.
What did they do to Layla?
Layla got raped.
Layla was savagely raped.
Layla went for help.
Layla could still hear the car.
Layla hid in a boat.
Layla's nightmare was over.
Layla escaped her attackers.
Layla will come back and kill us.
Layla's ordeal isn't over.
Layla was hiding in a boat.
Layla was waiting for Sami to get the police.
Layla could hear the police.
Layla and Sami had a sweet little evening.
Sami assaulted Layla.
Layla was tried for carjacking.
Sami was tried for rape.
Layla told her story to Sami.
Sami was sentenced years for rape and assault.
Layla felt really bad for Sami.
Layla was still recovering.
Layla will never forget Sami.
Sami felt that Layla had killed his manhood.
Layla wanted to live a good life.
Would you like to know why Tom isn't here today?
Aren't you ever going to leave?
Could you lend me thirty dollars?
I wasn't able to do everything Tom asked me to do.
Thank you for visiting us.
There's not much chance that it'll rain tomorrow.
Who did you think Tom would invite to his party?
Wouldn't you like to know why I'm here?
How long do you think it'll take me to do that?
I wasn't able to do anything Tom said I had to do.
Don't you want to talk about that?
Wouldn't you like to know who she is?
Don't you want to know why Tom isn't here today?
Are you saying they're all bad?
Is there anything you can do now?
Tom started taking piano lessons three years ago.
I need to charge my phone.
Aren't you going to eat that?
Does Tom still do the same things he used to do?
Wouldn't you like to know who did that?
I think you should do something about that today.
Tom says he's considering dropping out of school.
Don't you want to stay any longer?
Do you really think you can stop me from doing that?
Does Tom seriously think that's going to happen?
Are you happy with the results?
Would you like me to call you a taxi?
Tom said he had something important to tell Mary.
I did that three days ago.
Is that what you wanted me to do?
Does Tom really think he can do that by himself?
Would anyone care if we didn't do that?
Are you tired of doing that?
Tom said he didn't want to go swimming with Mary.
Don't you want to make more money?
What you did made a lot of people uncomfortable.
Does Tom know what you're going to do next year?
Are you aware of the situation?
Would you like to go to Boston with me next summer?
Tom said he didn't want to do anything with Mary.
I believe you're mistaken.
Would you come over here and help me?
Does Tom know we can't do that without his help?
Why didn't you replace the spark plugs?
Is that something you want to do?
Tom doesn't seem to be aware of what's happening.
Don't you want to know why I quit?
Are you the one who did this?
Do you want to know why Tom did that by himself?
Are we really going to do that?
Very few people would agree with that statement.
Tom didn't want to know what was going to happen.
Tell me why you think so.
Have I already told you about the book I'm writing?
Are you saying Tom isn't the one who helped you?
Who else will you invite to your party?
Will anyone care if we don't do that?
Tom didn't stay for as long as he said he'd stay.
Don't you want to know who she is?
Is any of this what you expected?
Are you absolutely sure it was Tom who did that?
Would you like some more time?
Are you really all alone now?
Tom didn't do that as well as I thought he could.
Let's sit near the front.
I wasn't able to buy what I was supposed to buy.
Who did Tom say he wanted to take to the dance?
Is there anything you have to do today?
Do you think you're the only one who can't do that?
Tom and Mary went to the same junior high school.
Don't you want to know who helped?
Why don't you want to live in Boston?
Which of Tom's paintings are you talking about?
Would you like some more soup?
How did you guys meet each other?
Tom and Mary went to junior high school together.
Let's eat something else.
You mean you didn't do that?
Where exactly does Tom plan to build his house?
Haven't you ever thought of doing that?
I suggest you do that tomorrow instead of today.
I wasn't able to do everything Tom told me to do.
Don't you think we should do that?
Did you really not take your medicine this morning?
Is Tom likely to want to go to Boston with you?
Would you like some more rice?
Why did you choose to sing that song?
I thought I was the only one who didn't like Tom.
I want to dance with you.
Have you seen wolves around here?
How do you plan to prevent Tom from doing that?
Haven't you ever considered doing that?
Wouldn't you rather do that?
All three of Tom's daughters are quite beautiful.
Don't you think that would be fun?
I don't want to spend the rest of my life alone.
Don't you want to tell Tom about what happened?
Why didn't you buy any coffee?
Did you ever stop to think about what might happen?
Tom said he had something important to ask Mary.
I thought it was a prank.
Is that what you really wanted to do?
Does Tom know that you're not going to do that?
Have you talked to a lawyer about this?
Have you ever talked to a lawyer?
Tom pretended he didn't know what was happening.
Don't you have other things to do?
Why are we doing this today?
Do you think there's a chance Tom will do that?
Why did you write that letter?
We're determined to find out why that happened.
Tom doesn't seem to be aware of what's going on.
I have a Canadian friend.
Wouldn't you like to know who was here last night?
Do you think Tom will let Mary do that for him?
Don't you wish you'd done that earlier?
How much did you get paid to do that?
I'm pretty sure Tom doesn't like Mary very much.
Don't you guys communicate at all?
Have you ever baked bread before?
Do you have any idea how long Tom will do that?
Why did you replace the valve?
Who else will be doing that?
I wasn't able to persuade Tom not to do that.
I don't usually eat meat.
We were worried that you might've been injured.
Do you have any idea how long Tom will be here?
Don't you wish that you had more money?
Which of your paintings do you consider your best?
I suggest you don't do what Tom asked you to do.
Don't you find it very noisy here?
Have you had a chance to do that yet?
Would you tell me why you want Tom to do that?
Why did you decide to do that?
Don't you wish you could do that?
I didn't want to listen to Tom and Mary arguing.
I didn't bake you a cake.
Who did you want to talk to?
Would you like to know why Tom didn't do that?
Don't you wash your hands before meals?
There's a good chance that it'll rain tomorrow.
All I know is that Tom was here with me at 2:30.
Do you wish I hadn't reminded you?
Which of these do you consider your best painting?
Don't you want to see what Tom is going to do?
Where did you stay last night?
Has anyone here read the whole thing?
We weren't able to persuade Tom not to do that.
I couldn't write it down.
Don't you want your old job back?
Don't you want to know why Tom didn't do that?
Don't you want to try doing that again?
Who did you expect to win?
We waited a long time, but Tom never showed up.
Do you want to go camping with us?
I thought you said you wanted to do that today.
Don't you want to know why I did that for Tom?
Is this what you wanted to do?
Would you tell me why you weren't here yesterday?
Tom was surprised by how well Mary could dance.
Everybody has to do this.
Don't you want us to do that for you?
Does Tom really think Mary is younger than he is?
Don't you want to talk about it at all?
Don't you want us to go with you?
Tom was only at Mary's party for a few minutes.
Do you want me to call you a taxi?
Who cares about the weather?
Does Tom know what he's going to do next year?
Is this what you do every day?
I thought I was the only one who could do that.
Tom says he's not planning to do that tomorrow.
We should get a new car.
Would you date a man thirty years older than you?
Do you think you could do that as well as Tom?
Don't you want to stay a little longer?
Don't you want to watch this program?
Tom says he just wants to get something to eat.
Do you want me to bake some bread?
Don't you want to try that again?
Do you think you can stop Tom from doing that?
Is that what you wanted to do?
When do you want to do that?
Tom said he wanted to learn how to sail a boat.
No one was here at 2:30.
I thought you said you wanted to learn French.
Do you really believe Tom is going to do that?
Don't you want to see what I just made?
Which of your drawings do you consider your best?
Tom said he had something important to tell me.
Do you think there will be a coup?
Don't you want to take that with you?
Do you know why Tom doesn't come here anymore?
Is fast food really unhealthy?
Don't you want to try doing that?
Tom pretended not to hear what Mary was saying.
I've started doing that.
What should I do about that?
Did Tom actually do everything he said he did?
Don't you want to know who that man is?
How does Tom plan to pay for this?
Having a car here is an expensive pleasure.
This is a comprehensive approach.
It wasn't until he came to me for a detailed discussion that I believed him.
I study several languages, including my mother tongue, which I am always learning.
It's sunny here.
I've never heard such a thing, just an extraordinary story.
Sometimes miracles still happen.
This metro station is closed today.
He who sleeps, does not sin.
The German Film and Media Review authority awarded the film the rating "particularly valuable."
That's not surprising nowadays.
We are going for a walk.
Every time he moved, his whole arm ached because of a wound.
The US Federal Reserve has raised interest rates to 1%.
Tom was knocked off his bike by a hit-and-run driver.
Tom was knocked off his bicycle and killed in a hit and run accident.
Tom is a human rights lawyer.
This politician resigned after being linked to a corruption scandal.
Mary is an elementary school teacher.
His suspicions were right.
Tom's suspicions were right.
Her suspicions were right.
This oil company was involved in a massive oil corruption scandal.
Studying foreign languages helps me best to use my own language.
Blackbeard is one of the most famous pirates.
Mary sniffs – now she starts crying.
Most people call him by his nickname.
Tom is a pirate.
This is the kind of job I like the most.
Up to you whether or not you believe me.
Confidence is hard to build, but easy to destroy.
Ching Shih was a female pirate who commanded a fleet of 1,ships and 80,sailors.
Anne Bonny was a female pirate.
Anne had red hair and a fiery temper.
Okay, we'll convince them.
I think I've convinced you.
Many of the sounds heard in nature documentaries are created by foley artists.
Tom works in a windowless office.
Desperation has led him to risk his life.
Tom was raised by foster parents.
Whoever drinks is asleep; but he does not sin who sleeps.
What is a watt?
I will not adopt this sentence because I am not Russian.
I thought you said you didn't like to do that.
Tom pretended he didn't know what was going on.
Do you think that that's accurate?
If you don't mind telling me, how do you do that?
Are you sure Tom didn't do what Mary said he did?
How often do you wash clothes?
Don't you want to take some time off?
Tom asked Mary to teach him how to drive a car.
I didn't do any of that.
Don't you want to talk to anyone?
Are you saying Tom isn't the one who did that?
Don't you want to know who that guy is?
What exactly are your plans?
The question is how does Tom manage to do that.
Do you think obesity is a disease?
I thought you said you didn't know what to do.
You mean you didn't see Tom at all yesterday?
Don't you want your coat back?
Don't you want us to take you back to your house?
Tell the police officer what you heard Tom say.
I already know his name.
Don't you want to learn how to drive?
Who did Tom say was going to be at his party?
Don't you want to know who that boy is?
Don't you want to see me do that?
It's very unlikely that Tom has ever done that.
Do you really think it's worth it?
Is that the guy who hit you?
What if Tom doesn't like the gift I give him?
Don't you want us to help you?
I don't often have the chance to speak French.
If you don't do what Tom says, he'll get angry.
I already know her name.
Don't you want to see what I have in my suitcase?
Is there any chance Tom knows how to do that?
Don't you want to know who I really am?
Don't you want to go camping with us?
I'm quite certain Tom has never been to Boston.
Do you not understand basic logic?
Don't you want to learn to drive?
Don't you want to know why Tom is here today?
Don't you want to take a walk?
Is fast food really healthy?
I wanted to spend some time with Tom in Boston.
Please wait in the car.
Please tell me why you don't want to do that.
Don't you want to know why I didn't help Tom?
Don't you want to go to Boston with us?
Don't you want to know who I really gave that to?
I didn't want to listen to what Tom was saying.
Do you listen to the radio at all?
Don't you think we shouldn't do that?
Don't you want to know why I did that to Tom?
Don't you want to take a look?
Don't you want to know who he is?
I didn't want to listen to what Tom had to say.
Only teenagers do that.
How will I feed my children?
Does anyone here really care what Tom thinks?
Don't you like doing what you're doing?
I didn't get any birthday presents this year.
I didn't know that Tom was planning to do that.
Do you know why I've sent for you?
Don't you remember what happened three years ago?
Does Tom think he'll be in Boston all summer?
Don't you want to say goodbye?
Don't you have to wear a tie to work?
We finally managed to persuade Tom to do that.
My comment was deleted.
Don't you want to get re-elected?
Does Tom really think people do that anymore?
Don't you guys ever talk to each other?
How can we prevent bullying?
Tom wouldn't tell me why he wanted to do that.
Do you know why I need to do that?
I'll do what you whatever you tell me to do.
Does Tom know who you got that necklace from?
Don't you want to be the boss?
Do you think you're the only one who can do that?
Tom was shocked when I told him what Mary did.
Let's try trading jobs.
Does anyone here know how this works?
Do you think Tom will invite me to his party?
Do you want to know who I gave that to?
Don't you hate when that happens?
Tom says he's thinking about quitting his job.
Do you know why I have to do that?
Have you decided to do that?
Do you think Tom is going to want to do that?
Does everyone need to do that?
Tom says he's thinking about moving to Boston.
Let's not do that here.
Do you think that's going to happen anytime soon?
Do you know why Tom never comes here anymore?
Do you want this to happen to you, too?
Do you want to know who that girl is?
Tom says he's not planning to do that anymore.
Do you have enough life insurance?
Doesn't that make you feel safer?
Did Tom tell you where he bought his trumpet?
Does everyone have to do that?
Has anybody been doing that?
Tom says he just wants to stay for a few days.
Let's do that tomorrow.
I have several friends who can speak French.
Aren't you planning to go to Boston with Tom?
Do you want me to try doing that again?
Do you see many people riding horses around here?
Tom says he isn't planning to do that anymore.
Do you expect me to do that today?
Do you want me to tell you the truth?
You know what Tom is going to do, don't you?
Do you want to talk to anyone?
Does your website make you money?
Tom said he wasn't likely to see Mary today.
I believe you're wrong.
Don't you want to work here?
Who did Tom think was going to win the race?
Do you think it's necessary to do that?
I have a brother who used to be a policeman.
Tom said he wasn't interested in doing that.
Do you ever have to work at night?
Aren't you going to help us clean out the garage?
Who did Tom say he wanted to go skiing with?
Do you want to see me do that?
Do you think doing that would be fun?
Tom said he wanted to see if he could do that.
Everybody must do this.
Do you wish you hadn't done that?
Do you still go to Boston every summer?
Don't you want to try again?
Tom said he didn't want to tell Mary anything.
Do you care if the beans are cold?
You should try to learn from your mistakes.
How do you plan to stop Tom from doing that?
Do you really need to do that?
Wouldn't you like to know who donated the money?
Tom said he didn't want to ever do that again.
I suggest you do that.
Do you remember where you heard that?
How do you plan to keep Tom from doing that?
Do you realize how stupid that plan is?
Do you think we should surrender?
Tom said he didn't want to do that after dark.
Do they really pay you to do this?
Don't you want to tag along?
Has Tom ever told you how he broke leg?
Do you really have to do that?
You should try to be a little more patient.
Tom didn't think Mary would leave without him.
I don't often do that.
Would you tell me why you don't want to do that?
Don't you want Tom punished for what he did?
Do you realize how stupid that idea is?
Do you regret not doing that earlier?
Tom didn't think Mary would come to his party.
Didn't you study French in school?
Do you think this was accidental?
Does Tom really understand what's happening?
Do you know whose hat this is?
Don't you guys ever do that?
Tom didn't swim as well as I thought he could.
Let's study together.
We're determined to find out what happened.
Does Tom always buy you everything you want?
Do you not want to talk about this now?
Would you tell me why you don't like doing that?
Tom didn't pay me as much as he said he'd pay.
Didn't you read the whole article?
Do you really think it's worth doing?
Do you think you could do what Tom is doing?
Do you know whose fault it is?
Do you think that's a good thing?
Perhaps you should help Tom with his homework.
Let's leave tomorrow.
Don't you do that sometimes?
Do you have any idea how long Tom will stay?
Did you expect sell that many of those?
That was the first time I'd ever done that.
I've never seen anyone other than Tom do that.
Did you think that up on your own?
Would you be willing to explain what's going on?
Did Tom give you any tips on how to do that?
Do you have anything to drink?
Do you really need an umbrella today?
I wasn't able to do what Tom said I had to do.
It's very noisy here.
Do you think it'll rain tomorrow?
Are you sure Tom didn't do what he said he did?
Can you show me another way to do this?
Do you need more volunteers?
I wasn't able to buy what Tom asked me to buy.
Did you take part in the protests?
It's quite likely that it'll rain tomorrow.
Are you going to invite Tom to your wedding?
Did you expect this to happen?
Why did you think it was a good idea to do that?
I didn't know that Tom was such a good singer.
Would you like me to say something?
Would you like me to say something to Tom about that?
Layla's dad left when she was three years of age.
I'm being kidnapped.
Please help me. I'm being kidnapped.
Please call 911. I'm being kidnapped.
Layla was preparing for an important event.
Layla really liked that guy.
Layla felt confident around guys.
Layla knew Sami through one of her friends.
Layla had other things in mind.
Layla was a virgin.
Layla didn't feel ready for sex.
Sami overpowered and raped Layla.
Layla was raped at 13.
Layla avoided dating for many years.
Layla was really careful.
Layla was trying to make some new friends.
Layla felt too shy to talk to Sami.
Layla saw Sami's profile picture and she liked it.
Layla didn't know Sami very well.
Layla thought Sami was funny.
Layla remembers Sami from high school.
Sami asked Layla to meet him in person.
Layla and Sami met at a shopping mall.
Layla agreed to meet Sami.
Layla seemed excited.
Layla was single for so long.
Layla thrilled to see Sami.
Layla thrilled to meet Sami in person.
Sami is as charming in person as he is online.
Layla was driving in the wrong direction.
Layla drove Sami to the shopping mall.
Layla went to the mall.
Layla and Sami are going to the mall.
Layla pulled at a gas station convencience store.
Layla went inside the convenience store.
Layla bought Sami a little present.
How much do I know about this guy?
Layla remembered Sami from junior high school.
Sami bought a box of condoms.
Sami put the box of condoms on the dashboard.
What kind of girl do you think I am?
Layla had a heavy accent.
Layla's true name is Salima.
Layla said she was from Egypt.
Layla took a closer look at the picture.
Layla isn't from Sami's high school.
Layla did nothing to correct his mistake.
Layla was a naive teenager.
Layla wasn't heading toward the mall.
Layla continued driving.
Layla was going the wrong way.
Layla felt scared.
Layla realized the mistake she made.
Layla moved toward Sami and kissed him.
Layla rubbed Sami's hand.
Layla moved toward Sami.
Layla seized her chance to escape.
Layla had other plans.
Layla locked her car.
Layla locked the door.
Sami caged Layla in a room.
Layla lost an opportunity.
Sami moved toward Layla and tried to kiss her.
Layla wanted to escape at any cost.
Layla made a personal call.
Layla was making a personal call.
Layla wanted to make a personal call.
Layla took the call.
Layla didn't know what was going on?
Layla was behind the wheel.
Layla grew suspicious.
Layla was talking to her aunt.
Layla tried to keep Sami on the line.
Layla drove a black sedan.
Layla saw blue lights flashing behind her car.
Layla began to fear the worst.
Layla is never going to see Sami again.
Layla did her best to calm Sami down.
Layla found a big box of condoms in Sami's room.
Layla struck Sami.
Layla lived in a residential area.
Layla jumped out of the moving car.
Layla jumped out of the car.
Layla tried to unlock her seat belt.
Layla got out of the car.
Layla will never make it.
Layla's dream date turned into a nightmare.
Layla was Sami's last hope.
Layla was begging Sami.
Layla leapt to safety.
Layla jumped out of a car.
Layla managed to jump out of the car.
Layla was looking for help.
Layla was in the middle of the road.
Layla was hit by a car.
Layla was standing in the middle of the road.
Layla needed Sami's help.
Layla's boyfriend had an unusual first name.
My name is Layla, not Nayna.
Layla was arrested at her home.
Layla was charged with kidnapping.
Layla has been seeing a counselor twice a month.
Layla is engaged to be married.
Online dating may be dangerous.
Layla made the right decision.
Layla was really impressed.
Layla dressed well.
Layla looked good.
Layla looked beautiful.
Layla flew to Egypt.
Layla took Sami to a carpet shop.
Layla bought an Iranian carpet from the market.
Layla bought an expensive Iranian carpet.
Layla knew all the hookers of the neighborhood.
Layla was a hooker herself.
Layla smoked pot.
Layla was quite unhappy.
Are you joking me?
Layla's father is a smuggler.
Layla smuggled cannabis.
Layla didn't know anything about this.
Layla blamed everything on Sami.
Layla was the only girl in the room.
Layla emptied the sack.
I can't believe how naive I was at the time.
Layla traveled alone.
Layla was happy about that.
Layla got back to Cairo.
We cannot allow this state of affairs to go on any longer.
I'm translating a book.
I'm translating an article.
I suspect you won't need that.
That is a very bad pun.
That pun is terrible.
The leaves are falling.
I'm going to be late for my appointment.
When is the appointment?
I need to buy a curtain.
I have cavities.
I don't have cavities.
I have a cavity.
I need a hairbrush.
I need toothpaste.
I need a toothbrush.
The book was not received favorably.
The article was not received favorably.
The novel was not received favorably.
I have no reason to learn that language.
There is no reason for me to learn that language.
I have no real reason to learn that language.
I have no practical reason to learn that language.
I'd like to learn that language, but I have no practical reason to do so.
I'd like to learn that language, but I have no practical reason to.
What's your favorite movie scene?
I need to buy more batteries.
None of the batteries work.
The batteries are all dead.
The flashlight won't turn on.
It's really dark in here.
Your response was unsatisfactory.
Their response was unsatisfactory.
Her response was unsatisfactory.
His response was unsatisfactory.
You clearly do not grasp even the basics of the field.
He was elected earlier this year.
She was elected earlier this year.
I love reading novels.
I love reading science fiction.
I love reading fantasy novels.
I love reading science fiction novels.
Science fiction has undoubtedly been the inspiration for many of the technologies that exist today.
I'm a bit short on cash.
How can I see it, when it's over there, and I'm way over here?
I'm way over here.
It's way over there.
He doesn't sound like a native speaker.
He speaks with no errors, but doesn't sound like a native speaker.
His grammar is perfect, but he speaks in an overly formal register.
His grammar and pronunciation are perfect.
Your grammar and pronunciation are perfect.
You speak English very well.
You speak English really well.
You speak the language very well.
You speak the language really well.
These crank shafts are precision balanced for smooth high revving engines.
Let's walk together.
Do you really believe that'll happen?
Wouldn't you like to know why Tom did that?
Are you worried that that might happen?
Do you remember where you saw it?
All I know is that Tom was at school that day.
Did you get the same answer I got?
Did you hear anyone talking?
Would you like to know why Tom didn't stay?
Did it surprise you very much?
I'm probably the worst French speaker here.
Tom wouldn't tell me why he wouldn't do that.
My dog is very old.
Have you told your wife that you love her today?
Who do you think Tom wants to give that to?
Wouldn't you rather stay here with us?
Do you listen to the radio every day?
Tom wouldn't tell me why he didn't like Mary.
Did you get a pay raise this year?
Do you really think you need one?
Who do you think Tom wants to do that with?
Are you ready to listen to me?
Did you hear anyone snoring?
Tom told me that he's decided not to do that.
Let's sit together.
I wasn't able to do everything I wanted to.
Who did Tom say was going to be here today?
Would you like to know why I did that?
Don't you want to watch the baseball game on TV?
Tom told me he didn't want to move to Boston.
Did it turn out the way you hoped?
Did you watch that movie by yourself?
Which of Tom's songs are you talking about?
Are you going to do that, too?
Do you really believe this stuff?
Tom told me he didn't want to live in Boston.
I won't drink that.
Did you hear anyone singing?
Was that what you were expecting Tom to do?
Would doing that make you feel better?
I thought you said you didn't like fishing.
Tom says he's thinking about getting married.
Could you peel this orange for me?
Don't you want to talk about what just happened?
Don't you want to go to the dance with Tom?
You're a teacher, aren't you?
Can you at least wait until tomorrow?
Tom says he's thinking about becoming a cook.
Please believe me.
Do you plan to sell all of these?
Does anyone here really care what Tom does?
Why did you decide drop out of school?
Can't you make an exception?
Tom says he has no desire to do that anymore.
Could that happen again this year?
I think we should put new tires on our car.
Does Tom really understand what's going on?
Wouldn't you like to do that?
Don't you want to talk about this what happened?
Tom said he didn't want to stay home all day.
I'm your servant.
Aren't you worried about that at all?
Does Tom really think people still do that?
Who did you think would be here today?
Do you need to go back to school?
Tom said he didn't want to be seen with Mary.
Can you get the job done in a day?
Aren't you going to help us?
Does Tom know we've never done this before?
Would you please do that now?
I think everyone needs to be here tomorrow.
Tom pretended that he was having a good time.
I won't buy that.
Don't you have to be over twenty-one to do that?
Does Tom know we don't want him to do that?
Where did you go to elementary school?
Are you working on something special?
Tom is waiting for his son to come back home.
Aren't you glad we did that today?
Do you know why I gave it to you?
Does Tom know that you're going to do that?
Will you do that by yourself?
Aren't you going to do that?
Tom doesn't play chess as well as he used to.
I live in Boston now, but I'm from Chicago.
Do you want to know why Tom didn't do that?
Do you have room for another person in your car?
Tom didn't eat as much as I thought he'd eat.
Are you sure you're not overreacting?
Do you think Tom understands your problems?
Do you know what this word means?
Tom and Mary have decided not to get married.
Are you prepared to do that?
Did Tom know we didn't want him to do that?
I have several friends who are vegetarians.
I'm pretty sure Tom has never been to Boston.
Do you have a problem with potholes around here?
Are you sure Tom isn't allergic to peanuts?
Are you sure you know how to do that?
I wasn't able to do what Tom wanted me to do.
Do you know how this thing works?
Would you like to talk about what Tom did?
Are you enjoying yourselves?
I want to spend some time with Tom in Boston.
I have an uncle who used to work in a bank.
Would you have done it the way Tom did it?
Do you consider this one of your best paintings?
I didn't want to do what Tom wanted me to do.
Are you having trouble losing weight?
Were you really surprised by what Tom did?
Do you have any thoughts on that?
You need to do whatever Tom tells you to do.
You're thirsty, aren't you?
Don't you want to talk about what Tom did?
I don't want to spend much time doing that.
You have to do whatever Tom tells you to do.
Are you optimistic about what's going to happen?
Don't you want to know why Tom isn't here?
Are you going to do that by yourself?
We were able to persuade Tom not to do that.
Do you have an objection to that?
Does Tom think we're really that gullible?
You know French, don't you?
Tom told me he didn't like living in Boston.
I don't usually eat lunch until about 2:30.
Does Tom think he doesn't need to do that?
Would you like to learn how to play the guitar?
Tom says he's thinking about not doing that.
Are you going to cry about that, too?
Does Tom think he doesn't have to do that?
Do you have an exercise schedule?
Tom says he's not in love with Mary anymore.
Would you want to use this?
Does Tom really think we're that gullible?
I don't go to Boston as often as I used to.
Tom says he's considering selling his house.
Who did you think would do something like this?
Does Tom really think anyone is listening?
Wouldn't you like to know who he is?
Tom says he just wants some peace and quiet.
Do you have a messy desk at work?
Does Tom really think Mary is a good cook?
Would you like another cat?
Tom said he wanted to try riding a unicycle.
What you did wasn't the right thing to do.
Does Tom know what you do every afternoon?
What's the best way to get to Boston from here?
Tom said he wanted to learn how to windsurf.
Would you mind if we didn't do that?
Does Tom know what Mary expects him to do?
Did you think we wouldn't notice?
Tom said he hadn't intended to stay so long.
Will you be ready tomorrow?
Does Tom know I don't want him to do that?
Perhaps you should do that in the morning.
Tom pulled out his wallet and paid the bill.
Were you on the basketball team in high school?
Does Tom always do what you ask him to do?
Would you like to live here with us?
Tom didn't buy me what he promised he'd buy.
Did you have to wait a long time?
Do you want to know why I didn't help Tom?
Why did you write about it?
Tom burned all the letters he got from Mary.
It's very likely that it'll rain tomorrow.
Do you want to know why I did that to Tom?
Have you ever seen something this funny before?
Tell the police officer what you saw Tom do.
Would you like to know why I'm here?
Do you think Tom will allow us to do that?
Aren't you rather young for that?
Perhaps you should help Tom paint the fence.
Why did you pick that song?
Do you know why Tom and Mary got divorced?
I'd rather not spend much time doing that.
Perhaps you and Tom should do that together.
Do you want to go camping with us next weekend?
Did Tom know you were planning to do that?
Would that make you feel any better?
I'm quite certain Tom has never kissed Mary.
Aren't you ever going to do that?
Did Tom know I didn't want him to do that?
What did you see in Boston?
I'll do whatever I can to help Tom.
I think you should do that sometime today.
Are you saying Tom didn't want to do that?
Do you think there's a chance that will happen?
I wasn't able to persuade Tom to go with me.
Will you ever make money doing that?
Are you saying Tom didn't help you at all?
Are you working on something new?
I wasn't able to do what Tom asked me to do.
How will you get to Boston?
Are you planning to go to Boston with Tom?
I have several friends who live in Boston.
I thought you said you saw Tom this morning.
Do you have anyone special in mind for the job?
Would you tell me why you don't like Tom?
Why don't you want to do that today?
I think Tom will be on the same plane as me.
David Remnick, editor of the New Yorker, discussed the dangers of normalizing a Donald Trump presidency during a live chat hosted by Columbia Journalism Review.
Anne Hathaway has been appointed by the United Nations as a global goodwill ambassador to promote gender equality and the empowerment of women.
His speech was a properly constructed and cogent argument, which – at least in my experience – feels like a complete rarity.
According to a report, at least a third of boardroom positions at Britain’s biggest companies should be held by women by the end of the decade.
I really want to go home, and so I will pay for the ticket no matter what it costs.
The skyscraper is too tall.
"We shouldn't have to wait too much time with the honeymoon, darling", said the mayfly.
"Mom, why don't we have a father?", asked the little praying mantis.
"It's a pity that we'll die in some days and we won't see our children growing up. They'll surely be clever and cute", said the mother cockchafer.
Layla wouldn't take her eyes of Sami.
Layla outsmarted Sami.
Layla went missing.
Layla was taken against her will.
Layla will survive.
Layla grew in a town where everybody knew everybody.
Layla met Sami at high school.
Layla found out that she was pregnant.
Layla got pregnant.
Layla did the best she could.
Layla gave birth to a healthy baby.
Layla and Sami tried to raise a family.
Layla is always tired.
Layla left Sami for another man.
Layla left Sami a few days after Christmas.
Layla got a babysitter for her children.
Layla flashed her lights at Sami.
Layla texted Sami all night.
Layla didn't recognize Sami's car.
Layla was from Sami's high school.
Layla leaned over and whispered something in Sami's ear.
Layla showed up at Sami's party.
This happened to Layla.
Layla doesn't see anybody else.
Layla and Sami were together.
Layla was an attractive girl.
Layla was kind of charming.
Layla was kind of attractive.
Layla decided to go to the party.
Layla wanted her freedom.
Layla wanted one more night of freedom.
Layla mentioned the break-up to Sami.
Layla was running a construction company.
Layla and Sami talked about all kinds of stuff.
Layla and Sami talked about kids.
Layla was nice and easy to talk to.
Layla was nice to talk to.
Layla was very easy to talk to.
Layla and Sami went for a ride.
Layla needed to go back to her house.
Layla was anxious to see the inside of the house.
Layla forgot her driver's license at home.
Sami left his wallet at home.
Layla and Sami drove around for a little bit.
Layla left her purse at home.
Sami forgot his wallet at home.
Layla felt comfortable enough to ride by herself with Sami.
Layla didn't have anything to talk about.
Sami started to undo Layla's pants as he was kissingb her.
Layla wanted to kiss Sami.
Layla kissed Sami in public.
Sami took Layla's pants off.
Layla took her pants off.
Layla couldn't physically overpower Sami.
Layla knew that she couldn't physically overpower Sami.
Layla couldn't breathe.
Layla wanted to kill Sami.
Layla tried to kill Sami.
Layla was suffocating.
Layla apologized to Sami.
Layla did everything she could to help Sami.
Layla didn't believe Sami.
We can even do this again some time if you want?
Layla had no time to react.
"I can convince him also without rational arguments", said Mary.
Sami wanted to rape Layla.
Layla begged Sami while he was raping her to stop doing that.
Layla begged Sami while he was raping her to let her live.
Layla has to be here for her babies.
Sami started strangling Layla.
Layla could no longer breathe.
Layla was dying.
Layla prepared herself to die.
Layla died alone in the woods.
Layla couldn't scream.
Sami hit Layla with both fists.
Layla started praying.
Layla prayed for forgiveness.
Layla wanted to go to heaven.
Layla wanted to go to heaven to see her dead children again.
Layla wanted to go to heaven to see her mother.
Layla panicked.
Layla realized that Sami was alive.
Layla had to go.
Layla counted to three.
Layla's face was covered in blood.
Layla's shirt was covered in blood.
Layla felt Sami's fingertips touching the back of her shoulder.
Layla looked at Sami.
Layla doesn't remember anything from that night.
Layla doesn't remember anything.
Layla was taken to jail.
No doubt he is your son.
Layla was arrested without incident.
Layla was nothing that she said she was.
Layla had warrants for her arrest.
Layla never worked.
Layla did have a daughter.
Layla was a master manipulator.
Layla cried with Sami.
Layla was there for Sami.
Layla started to feel free again.
Layla is five now.
Layla and Sami had another boy.
Today, Layla's life is good.
Today, Layla's life is much better.
Where can I learn Esperanto?
Where do I learn Esperanto?
The complex houses married and single military staff and their families
The rat the cat the dog chased killed ate the malt
One morning I shot an elephant in my pyjamas.
Layla's face dropped.
Layla grabbed the cockroach, put it in her mouth, gave it a couple of chews, then swallowed it.
Layla believed Sami was crazy.
Layla eats cockroaches.
Layla got a life sentence.
A life sentence in Indonesia means life.
A life sentence in Indonesia means you're gonna die in prison.
A life sentence in Indonesia means you're gonna die in jail.
A life sentence in Indonesia means a living hell until you die.
If you wanna survive in this prison, you'll have to be a badass.
Layla was already a victim.
Tom has been the fastest runner in the class so far.
Layla dreamed in Arabic, thought in Arabic, spoke in Arabic, and cried in Arabic.
Layla wasn't expecting roses.
What will this end up to...
They like to read books.
You don't have to study at a school of fine arts to become an artist.
I'm here now because I love you.
The fox is eating a hen.
A woman asked me if I could tell her where the road was located.
The eagle is not a small bird.
A compliment is worth as much as the person who pronounces it.
A proverb is a short sentence based on long experience.
It's awkward for me to go to them without an invitation.
Are you sure you have this right?
Would you tell me why Tom didn't do that?
Have you already done that?
I don't think you should ask Tom to do that.
I have several friends who don't eat meat.
Don't you want to tell Tom what happened?
Do you have any idea what could've caused this?
I didn't want to do what Tom asked me to do.
Who do you plan to go swimming with?
Don't you want to know why I lied to Tom?
Are you sure you can feed us all?
Both of Tom's daughters are quite beautiful.
Don't you watch television?
Don't you want to do that with Tom again?
I don't remember how to get to your house.
We weren't able to persuade Tom to do that.
Are you sure you want to stay here by yourself?
Does Tom think that's what we want to do?
Where will you be working next year?
Tom's house is the third house on the left.
Are you sure this plan will work?
Does Tom think that's all he needs to do?
Don't you want to watch TV?
Tom wouldn't tell me why he didn't do that.
I don't drink as much coffee as I used to.
Does Tom think he'll stay in Boston long?
Are you sure you have enough money to buy that?
Tom was shocked when I told him what I did.
When would you like me to come back?
Does Tom think he'll be here a long time?
Are you sure no one followed you?
Tom told me he didn't want to study French.
Don't you want to use mine?
Does Tom really have everything he needs?
I didn't know that that was a possibility.
Tom told me he didn't like speaking French.
Are you sure this is where you parked your car?
Does Tom really believe what he's saying?
When did they let you out of prison?
Tom says he's thinking about getting a dog.
Are you interested in doing that?
Does Tom not understand what's happening?
Don't you want to try this?
Tom says he's planning to do that tomorrow.
I didn't get any birthday gifts this year.
Does Tom know who gave you that necklace?
Are you strong enough to lift that by yourself?
Tom says he's considering quitting his job.
What are you actually talking about?
Does Tom know what your expectations are?
Are you hearing what I'm hearing?
Tom says he has a lot of friends in Boston.
Don't you want to sit down?
Does Tom know how much you paid for this?
You need to take care of this right away.
Tom said he isn't interested in doing that.
Are you saying you aren't the one who did that?
Do you think Tom will allow Mary to do that?
They didn't tell you much, did they?
Tom said he didn't want to do that with me.
Are you guys enjoying yourselves?
Did you know Tom used to be on this team?
Don't you want to see this?
Tom put his keys in the top dresser drawer.
You need to take care of that right away.
Did Tom really say he'd give you his car?
You don't know what's going to happen, do you?
Tom isn't likely to want to stay very long.
They didn't help you much, did they?
Did Tom know we wanted him to go with us?
You know how to swim, don't you?
Tom didn't think Mary's idea was very good.
Don't you want to see more?
Are you sure Tom can't understand French?
What you did caused me a lot of problems.
I'm pretty sure Tom isn't going to do that.
Wouldn't you rather talk about something else?
Would you like to know why Tom did that?
They didn't feed you much, did they?
I wasn't able to do what Tom told me to do.
Would you please coach our team?
Who did Tom say borrowed money from him?
Do you want to be a doctor?
I think Tom will do that, but I'm not sure.
I'm sorry, but I don't understand French.
Where do you think Tom wants to do that?
Would you like to watch another movie?
I don't think I could do what Tom is doing.
Is there anything you wouldn't do?
I think I couldn't do what Tom is doing.
Would you like some more coffee?
I didn't want to do what Tom told me to do.
Do you want some more rice?
Has Tom ever told you where he was born?
I'd rather not spend much time in Boston.
All of Tom's daughters are quite beautiful.
Why would you want to buy something like that?
Don't you want to know why Tom did that?
If you could go home now, would you?
We waited a long time, but Tom never came.
Would you like a cup of hot tea?
Doesn't Tom understand what's happening?
Do you not want to do that?
Tom told me he didn't know how to do that.
I wasn't able to buy everything I wanted.
Does Tom think he's been treated fairly?
Why did you eat that without cooking it first?
Tom showed me some pictures of his family.
How much do you get paid to do that?
Does Tom think he'll be able to do that?
Would you have done it that way?
Tom says he wants to get something to eat.
Do you know why I did that?
Does Tom sometimes fall asleep in class?
I wasn't able to buy everything I needed.
Tom says he has a lot of homework tonight.
Which of your songs do you consider your best?
Does Tom really think we're that stupid?
How long will it take us to do that?
Tom said he wasn't interested in sports.
Would that make you feel better?
Does Tom really expect Mary to help him?
Do you feel safe in Boston?
Tom said he wasn't happy here in Boston.
I suggest you stay here until I get back.
Does Tom not understand what's going on?
Which of your poems do you consider your best?
Tom doesn't do that as well as he used to.
How do you plan to pay for all this?
Does Tom know what you expect him to do?
Won't this get you into trouble?
Tom backed his car out of the parking lot.
Did you really not do that?
Does Tom know we want him to go with us?
I haven't done anything to be ashamed of.
Tom asked me if I was planning to do that.
How did you feel the morning after that party?
Do you really want to know where Tom is?
Have you started doing that already?
I'm quite certain Tom has never done that.
Why wouldn't we want to do that?
Do you know what Tom's expectations are?
Did you hear anyone crying?
I'm pretty sure Tom won't be here tonight.
I don't want to spend all day doing that.
Didn't Tom tell you anything about that?
Have you ever seen something like this before?
I think you should talk to Tom about that.
Have you had any successes recently?
Did you actually hear Tom say that?
Why didn't you buy one of those?
I think you should ask Tom what he thinks.
Did you go to kindergarten?
Did you have a good time at Tom's party?
I don't usually watch this kind of movie.
I think you should ask Tom not to do that.
Don't you wish you could go to Boston with us?
Did Tom ever tell you where he was born?
Have you ever thought of doing that?
I suggest you do what Tom tells you to do.
Why did you go there without me?
Did Tom actually do what he said he did?
Could you do that tomorrow?
I haven't been invited to Tom's party yet.
I don't often have the chance to do that.
Can you find out why Tom didn't do that?
Does your school still have a basketball team?
You must do whatever Tom tells you to do.
Have you ever considered doing that?
Are you really going to Boston with Tom?
Why did you do that by yourself?
Tom was surprised by how much Mary drank.
Could you lend me thirty bucks?
Wouldn't you like to know why Tom left?
You should take care of that right away.
Tom told me that he's decided to do that.
Do you want to know who's supposed to do that?
Why did you tell Tom about what we did?
Don't you wish you hadn't done that?
Tom told me he didn't like playing chess.
Why are you replacing the valve?
Who does Tom want to take to the dance?
Could I do that once again?
Tom told me he didn't like green peppers.
What you did made a lot of people angry.
Who did Tom think was going to be here?
Do you want to know who I really gave that to?
Tom said he wasn't planning to do that.
Don't you want to turn on the light?
Who did Tom say his French teacher was?
Who else will you see in Boston?
Tom said he wanted to sit somewhere else.
Aren't you glad we're here?
When do you think Tom wants to do that?
Tom said he wanted to go camping with us.
Do you want to know who I really did that for?
How much longer should we wait for Tom?
Don't you want to try something new?
Tom said he hadn't intended to hurt Mary.
The phone rings approximately fifty times an hour.
How long did you and Tom date each other?
Do you have children of your own?
Mary is a yoga teacher.
Stop telling me to calm down.
Tom told me to calm down.
Tom told Mary to calm down.
Who do you want to do that with?
Have you played tennis with Tom before?
Are you worried about that?
Tom said he didn't want to sit with Mary.
I wish I were somewhere other than here.
Have you gone swimming with Tom before?
Do you feel safe walking in Boston after dark?
Tom said he didn't want to do that today.
Don't you want to talk about it now?
Don't you want to see a picture of Tom?
Who do you plan to do that with?
Tom didn't think Mary would go to Boston.
Are you still a Giants fan?
Don't you want to know why Tom is here?
I wasn't able to do what I wanted to do.
Tom deleted Mary's number from his phone.
Do you expect me to do that without your help?
Doesn't Tom understand what's going on?
Don't you want to take a look at it?
Tom asked Mary to teach him how to dance.
Who did you think would do that?
Does Tom think that's going to be easy?
Are you quite sure it's OK?
Tom and I both don't know how to do that.
I thought you said you couldn't do that.
Does Tom think that's all he has to do?
Do you think anyone would care if we didn't do that?
I'm quite certain Tom doesn't have a dog.
Don't you want to see what I've got?
Does Tom think he's been treated badly?
What'll we do when we get there?
I'm quite certain Tom can't speak French.
Are you doing OK in school?
Does Tom still forget to lock the door?
I ran into a friend of mine in the park.
I wasn't able to persuade Tom to help me.
Did you all not know that was going to happen?
Does Tom regret not doing that earlier?
Don't you want to see my references?
I wasn't able to persuade Tom to do that.
What could cause this to happen?
Does Tom really want to be on the team?
You're hungry, aren't you?
I suggest you don't do what Tom is doing.
Tell the police officer what you heard.
Does Tom really expect Mary to do that?
Are you sure you can do that without our help?
I suggest you do what Tom asks you to do.
Don't you want to know why I'm here?
Does Tom really believe what Mary said?
Is this what you were expecting?
I don't speak French as well as Tom does.
Would you want to do that?
Does Tom know we don't want to do that?
Please tell me why you want to do that.
I already know why Tom doesn't like Mary.
Are you sure you can do that without any help?
Do you want to talk about what Tom did?
Do you wish you'd done that earlier?
We were able to persuade Tom to do that.
Is any of this really necessary?
Do you want to know why Tom isn't here?
Will you run for governor?
Tom says he's thinking about doing that.
Please tell me why you plan to do that.
Do you think Tom will let Mary do that?
Are you sure we have enough food for everyone?
Tom says he's still planning to do that.
Do you want to try doing that again?
Do you think Tom will allow me do that?
If you could go home, would you?
Tom says he's not going to Mary's party.
Why are we doing this now?
Do you really believe Tom will do that?
Perhaps you should do that by yourself.
Tom says he's considering getting a dog.
Would you tell me why you want us to do that?
Do you know why Tom is studying French?
Do you want to see me do that again?
Tom says he just wants to be left alone.
If you could do that, would you?
Do you know where Tom hid the diamonds?
Tom said he wanted to do something else.
I thought you said you didn't eat meat.
Do you know what Tom was talking about?
Would you like to see what's going to happen?
Tom pretended he didn't know what to do.
Do you want to know who that man is?
Do you know what Tom expects you to do?
Maybe that's what Tom was talking about.
Where will you be working?
Did you hear anything Tom said to Mary?
I have an aunt who has never done that.
I'm pretty sure Tom isn't in Boston now.
Would you like to know who donated the money?
Why don't we wait until Tom gets here?
Do you want to know who that guy is?
I'm pretty sure Tom has never done that.
How do you hope to achieve that?
Why do you think Tom wants to do that?
Let's watch another movie.
I think Tom will go to Boston next week.
I get nervous when I'm speaking French.
Who did Tom say was going to help him?
Why did you think doing that was a good idea?
I think Tom will come, but I'm not sure.
Do you want to know who that boy is?
Just how stupid does Tom think we are?
How did you guys get here today?
I think Tom is better looking than John.
Is this what you expected?
How much does Tom get paid to do that?
I don't usually stay at home on Monday.
I didn't know that Tom couldn't do that.
What would you do with three hundred dollars?
Don't you want to see Tom's paintings?
Do you think you could do that, too?
Tom was surprised by how much Mary ate.
Have you people lost your minds?
Don't you want to say anything to Tom?
How do you post a picture?
Tom told me that he can't speak French.
I don't usually read this kind of book.
Don't you want Tom to do that for you?
Don't you want your children to learn French?
Tom showed me some pictures of himself.
Do you think there's still a chance?
Does Tom think he'll get into Harvard?
Have you had a chance to try it?
Tom says he won't talk to Mary anymore.
Have you done that before?
Does Tom think Mary enjoys doing that?
I don't usually go shopping on Mondays.
Tom says he isn't interested in sports.
Don't you want us to do something about that?
Does Tom know how you feel about this?
Do you ride your bicycle very often?
Tom sat down next to Mary on the bench.
Have you ever wanted to do that?
Does Tom know I don't want to do that?
Don't you work there, too?
Tom said he wasn't likely to do that.
I don't speak French as well as you do.
Does Tom have any brothers or sisters?
Don't you want to take any of this food home?
Tom said he hadn't intended to do that.
Do you regret not doing that sooner?
Do you think Tom will want to do that?
Have you ever seen one of these?
Tom said he didn't want to sit with us.
Don't you watch TV at all?
Do you think Tom will let you do that?
Feel free to leave anytime you want to.
Tom said he didn't want to sit with me.
Don't you want to see what's inside the cave?
Do you know why Tom wanted to do that?
Do you like doing what you're doing?
Tom never did what he promised he'd do.
Have you ever had a regular job?
Do you know why Tom and Mary broke up?
Don't you want us to wait?
Tom lives in an old apartment building.
What you did caused a lot of problems.
Did Tom know we wanted him to do that?
Don't you want to see what's going to happen?
Tom is the lead singer in a blues band.
Do you know why I wanted to do that?
Are you sure Tom isn't afraid of dogs?
Have you ever eaten Indian food?
Tom has one just like the one you have.
Don't you want us to help?
Are you saying Tom didn't help at all?
Please tell me why you didn't do that.
Tom doesn't swim as well as he used to.
Don't you want to know who donated the money?
Are you really knitting Tom a sweater?
Do you keep in touch with your kids?
Tom didn't do what he promised he'd do.
Don't you want to talk about it?
Wouldn't you rather do that with Tom?
Don't you want to do that?
Tom backed his car out of the driveway.
Let's meet somewhere near the station.
Would you want Tom to do that to you?
Do you think you can stop me from doing that?
Tom asked me if I was going to do that.
Do you have your own transportation?
Would you like to know why I hit Tom?
Don't you want to take this one?
Tom and Mary are John's backup singers.
Don't you guys ever fight?
Will Tom really stay with us tonight?
It's not very likely to rain tomorrow.
I'm pretty sure Tom doesn't drink beer.
Can you suggest any other possible solutions?
Who did Tom say was going to do that?
Do you have savings to fall back on?
I don't think I could do what Tom does.
I told Tom that he needed to calm down.
I told Tom he should calm down.
Tom cried off and on for hours.
I thought of something that we can do, Tom.
Layla wasn't like all the other girls.
Layla, please don't let me die.
Layla kept repeating that.
Layla spent her life in front of the mirror.
Layla spent most of her time in front of the mirror.
Layla was a tomboy.
Layla shut the door.
Layla has got a special date today.
Sami was attracted to Layla.
Sami only had eyes for Layla.
Layla was attracted to older boys.
Sami makes time for only one passion, Layla.
Sami collected medieval weapons.
Layla had a date with Sami.
It was a special day for Layla.
Layla couldn't wait to have Sami all to herself.
Layla invited Sami over.
Sami made Layla feel special.
Layla was very excited.
Layla wasn't around no more.
Layla dated Sami for a long time.
Layla was honest with you.
Layla had good reason to be jealous.
Layla may be a tomboy, but she's a girl, too.
Sami had a crush for Layla.
Layla wanted some time alone.
Sami took Layla to his place to watch a movie.
A man was looking at Layla.
Sami noticed that a man was looking at Layla.
Layla was worried.
This girl is with me.
Layla tried to diffuse the situation.
Layla kissed Sami in public to prove that she was all his.
Layla shamelessly kissed Sami in public to prove that she was all his.
Layla wanted to prove to her friends that she was all Sami's.
Layla and Sami headed to her place.
Layla and Sami enjoyed their evening together.
Layla and Sami wanted some time alone.
This worried Layla a lot.
Sami had good reason to be possessive.
All the boys of the high school wanted to date Layla.
Layla was very popular at high school.
Layla was very popular in the neighborhood.
Layla's parents weren't home.
Layla was very hurt.
Layla wanted to have a special night with Sami.
Layla sat and cried.
What's wrong with Layla?
Layla winked at Sami.
Sami called Layla slut.
Layla was in complete shock the first time Sami hit her.
Layla fought back.
Layla barely weighed a pounds.
There was no way out of the bathroom.
Layla began hitting the door.
Layla was looking for anything she could use to defend herself.
Layla knew that she was in serious trouble.
Layla's dream date became a nightmare.
Layla was standing there, holding a machete.
Layla was very terrified to see that.
Layla had to get out of there.
Layla was out of options.
Layla agreed with Sami.
Sami overpowered Layla.
Layla agreed with Sami on everything he was saying.
I promise I won't look at anybody else.
Layla promised Sami she wouldn't look at anybody else.
Sami was very sweet and loving.
Layla asked Sami for a ride home.
Layla and Sami were broken up.
Layla put everything Sami had given her in a box.
Layla burned everything Sami had given her.
This is easier said than done.
Layla wanted to apologize again.
Don't call anymore.
Layla didn't want things end like this.
Layla drove all night.
Layla drove all night, collecting her thoughts.
Layla was home with her two younger brothers.
Layla should normally come back at six.
Layla let Sami in the house.
Layla had no expression at all.
Layla doesn't want to be with Sami.
Layla asked Sami to leave her alone.
Layla heard the noise.
Layla doesn't like chalkboards.
Sami was ready for round two.
Layla was holding a sword.
There was nothing in his eyes but darkness.
Layla didn't forget Sami.
Sami ran to his bedroom as fast as possible.
What's the box of condoms for?
Sami ran the sword through Layla's body.
Sami kept punching Layla
Layla watched helplessly as Sami turned the knife on her little brother.
Layla made the most important decision of her life.
Layla was losing blood fast.
Layla desperately tried to keep Sami alive.
Layla was watching Sami die.
Layla didn't stop talking to Sami.
Sami, please don't let me die.
Layla was bleeding profusely.
Layla was barely clinging to life.
Four surgeons worked on Layla's injuries.
Layla saved Sami's life.
Layla never made it back home.
Layla's place was surrounded by police.
Layla slammed on the brake.
Incredibly, Layla survived.
Layla's plan was to apologize.
Layla served only years in prison on a second degree charge.
My friend's dog understands Esperanto. At least the most important commands.
Layla can't open the jar. She only has one hand.
Layla wanted to have at least four children.
Layla wanted to live a happy life just like her parents.
Layla can't have children.
The doctor told Layla that she couldn't have children.
Layla can't put gloves on.
Layla will never be able to have children.
Layla wanted a big family.
It's a big blessing to have a child.
Layla had a healthy little boy.
You never know what to expect from Layla.
Layla had a son.
The blanket was stinking of urine.
The cell was stinking of urine.
The cell was stinking of body odor.
The bed was stinking of body odor.
The cell was filled with men.
The cell was filled with prostitutes and homeless women.
Layla has made some horrible decisions in her life.
Layla made some terrible mistakes in her life.
Layla made some terrible decisions in her life.
Sami forced Layla to be a drug mule.
Layla wouldn't survive a day in jail.
Layla wanted to go back to studying.
Layla and Sami wanted to start fresh.
Layla forgot about all of this
Layla got in the taxi.
I'd go about my business if I were you.
Layla wanted to make a fresh start.
Layla can't imagine her life without Sami.
Layla was just living her life.
Sami knew that he was gay.
Layla had two kids with Sami.
Layla deserved to be happy.
Layla made Sami very happy.
Layla deserved better.
Layla wanted to get out of the car.
Layla tried to get out of the car.
Layla got out of her car.
Welcome to hell.
Layla just said welcome to hell.
Can I have my hand back?
Layla thought Sami was homosexual.
Layla thought Sami was gay.
Sami was obviously gay.
Layla had a copy of the program on disk.
Layla had a copy of the program and it was in disk.
They assumed that Sami was a homosexual.
The cops assumed that Sami was a homosexual.
Well, let's continue from where we stopped it.
Layla got a text message from Sami.
Do you want to meet for coffee tonight?
Layla kicked Sami in the butt.
Layla and Sami ended up in bed together.
Layla went straight to her computer.
Layla was taken back to jail.
Sami smuggled immigrants through the borders.
Sami smuggled immigrants through the Mediterranean.
The document was all in Arabic.
Add up your outgoings, putting on a bit more for contingencies.
Only boring people get bored.
The watt is the International System of Units' standard unit of power.
No backsies.
You can relax now.
You can relax now. It's over.
I saw Tom in Tokyo.
I saw Mary in Monte Carlo.
You won't be able to convince me.
The earth, because of its shape, is called the terrestrial globe.
The elements are four: fire, water, air and earth.
The boys are not afraid of him.
Many hospitals in England have been hit by a cyber-attack.
This company was hit by a ransomware attack.
Tom left five minutes early.
An almost perfectly preservered nodosaur fossil was discovered in the Albertan badlands.
Scientists have discovered that an ancient pigment, called Egyptian blue, can be used as dusting powder to detect fingerprints.
Children are playing soccer in the streets.
Tom owns an estate in Scotland.
Tom discovered swallows nesting inside the garage.
Balmoral Castle is a Scottish estate owned by the British Royal Family.
The boy climbed the tree to harvest coconuts.
Many parts of Africa were colonized by European countries.
If at first you don't succeed, try again.
Tom was escorted off the plane.
She is a sorceress.
They grow up so fast.
Children grow up so fast.
Tom put his luggage into the overhead bin.
The flight attendants tried to calm the passengers.
The maid was cleaning the room with the vacuum cleaner.
Michelangelo carved the statue of David out of a single block of marble.
The workers voted in favour of forming a union.
Tom won a Nobel Prize in physics.
Isaac Newton discovered the law of gravity after seeing an apple fall from a tree.
Tom is a jazz pianist.
I begged for her forgiveness.
One of the workers had an accident.
One of the workers was injured in an accident.
I'm afraid they do not read much.
The moor was covered with heather.
The deer graze on young trees.
Don't you want to see your room?
Who did Tom say broke into his house?
Do you watch TV every day?
I didn't want to listen to Tom singing.
I wouldn't buy anything in this store.
Where do you think Tom wants to live?
Are you sure we have enough water for a week?
Does Tom have the authority to do that?
Do you have room to park this thing?
Where do you think Tom and Mary went?
Don't you want to see the plans?
You need to do whatever Tom tells you.
Do you know any Canadians?
What did you think Tom meant by that?
I thought you said you didn't do that.
You have to do whatever Tom tells you.
Are you sure this isn't some kind of mistake?
Is there any chance Tom will do that?
Do you get along with other players?
Tom worships the ground Mary walks on.
Don't you want to see the house?
How much will Tom pay you to do that?
Do we all need to do that?
Tom told me that he can't eat peanuts.
I don't watch as much TV as I used to.
How much does Tom pay you to do that?
Are you strong enough to do that by yourself?
Tom told me he didn't want to do that.
Do you feel uncomfortable with that?
How much did Tom get paid to do that?
Don't you want to press charges?
Tom told me he didn't like doing that.
Did you have to wait long?
How many donuts do you think Tom ate?
I don't often get a chance to do that.
Tom says he isn't planning to do that.
Wouldn't you rather watch the baseball game?
How long will it take Tom to do that?
Do you feel safe in downtown Boston?
Tom sat down beside Mary on the bench.
Don't you want to know who I am?
Don't you want us to invite Tom, too?
Can people really do that?
Almost all of these apples are rotten.
Don't you want to say goodbye to Tom?
Is there anything you can do now about that?
Tom put his keys back into his pocket.
Do you do any volunteering yourself?
Don't you want to know why I hit Tom?
Don't you want to give it a try?
Tell Tom what you were planning to do.
Are you likely to do that?
Does Tom think Mary is a good driver?
That's not what I was planning to do.
No one wanted to do anything with Tom.
Is there anything you can do about that now?
Does Tom still live with his parents?
Do you believe obesity is a disease?
No one wanted anything to do with Tom.
Don't you resent our being here?
Does Tom really think that'll happen?
Would you prefer to stay?
Maybe that's what Tom was going to do.
Tell the police officer what you saw.
Does Tom really think he can do that?
Is that the guy that you were talking about?
I think you should ask Tom to do that.
Did you notice very much difference?
Does Tom really think Mary likes him?
Does that make sense to anybody?
I already know why Tom didn't do that.
Would you please help me?
Does Tom know you can't speak French?
Please tell me why you want to leave.
Don't do anything Tom tells you to do.
Don't you want to know who those people are?
Does Tom know where you used to live?
Did you hear anything that was said?
Tom wouldn't tell me why he did that.
Does everyone have one of these?
Does Tom know we want him to do that?
Would you like some soup?
Tom was shocked when I told him that.
I'm sorry, but I can't do that today.
Does Tom have the ability to do that?
Don't you ever wonder why no one trusts you?
Tom was out late last night drinking.
Could you please tell me what to do?
Does Tom have anything else to offer?
Does any of this make any sense?
Tom says he has no desire to do that.
Would you have done that?
Do you want to know why Tom did that?
I'd never buy anything in this store.
Tom said he wanted to try to do that.
Do you know many people that have done that?
Do you think Tom will tell the truth?
Can't you see how important this is?
Tom said he didn't want to kiss Mary.
Does any of that make any sense?
Do you think Tom will let us do that?
Why is no one doing that?
Tom said he didn't want to hurt Mary.
I wasn't able to do what I wanted to.
Do you think Tom will get here early?
Do you have time for one more cup of coffee?
Tom said he didn't want to help Mary.
Can you see me at my office at 2:30?
Do you think Tom is going to do that?
Do you want to change your life?
Tom painted that picture last summer.
How old is this computer?
Do you know why Tom wants to do that?
I want to spend some time doing that.
Tom didn't buy what he said he'd buy.
Do you have any other thoughts on the issue?
Do you know why Tom needs to do that?
Can you guess what it was all about?
Tom cut himself while slicing onions.
Do you trust your auto mechanic?
Do you know why Tom lost his license?
How much do you get paid?
I wasn't at Tom's party last weekend.
I don't remember where I put my keys.
Do you know why Tom didn't eat lunch?
Do you have any idea who might've done that?
I think you weigh more than Tom does.
Can you come to the meeting tonight?
Do you know where Tom parked his car?
Do you think your life is tough?
I don't watch as much TV as Tom does.
Have you done that today?
Did Tom know I wanted him to do that?
I don't know anybody who can do that.
Tom told me he didn't like swimming.
Do they have the legal authority to do that?
Aren't you ever going to talk to Tom?
Besides tennis, what else do you do?
Tom says he has a lot of old stamps.
Do you think you have a problem?
Are you sure it was Tom that you saw?
Don't you work on Monday?
Tom says he doesn't plan to do that.
I already know what needs to be done.
Are you going to answer Tom's letter?
Did you think that was what I wanted to buy?
Tom says he doesn't like doing that.
At what time did you lock the rooms?
You mean you didn't see Tom do that?
Do you think there's still hope?
Tom says he doesn't do that anymore.
Don't you work in Boston?
Would you like to know why Tom left?
You can do so much better than that.
Tom pretended he didn't notice Mary.
Are you sure we have enough food for a week?
What if Tom isn't telling the truth?
Aren't you going to help us do that?
Tom never helps Mary in the kitchen.
Do you think the timing is good?
I think I couldn't do what Tom does?
Don't you watch the news?
Tom just wouldn't stop teasing Mary.
That's not where I wanted you to go.
How much do you think Tom gets paid?
Are you absolutely sure no one followed you?
Tom isn't likely to want to do that.
Are you making plans for the summer?
How much did Tom pay you to do that?
Do you think that's a bad thing?
Tom has a tendency to forget things.
Don't you want to try it?
Has Tom ever fallen asleep in class?
That's not what I wanted you to buy.
Tom doesn't want to know about that.
Would you like to talk about what happened?
Don't you want to know why Tom quit?
Are you eating right and exercising?
Tom didn't think it was a good idea.
Do you think that you won't win?
Don't you want to know why Tom left?
Don't you feel safer now?
Tom didn't go where he said he'd go.
Let's go see what's inside the cave.
Don't you think Tom has done enough?
Would you like to learn to play the guitar?
Perhaps you should help Tom do that.
Are the bus drivers going on strike?
Doesn't Tom enjoy watching baseball?
Do you still enjoy playing live?
I'm quite certain Tom can't do that.
Do you regret doing that?
Does Tom think that's what you want?
I'm sorry, but I can't speak French.
I'll do that the way Tom told me to.
Would you like to eat Chinese food instead?
Does Tom know where you bought that?
You know how to do that, don't you?
You must do whatever Tom tells you.
I think Tom would've helped us if he'd been there.
It was obvious Tom didn't want to kiss Mary.
I still have a few things I need to do.
There are still a lot of things that need to be done.
I've returned today.
I'll finish reading this book.
I will read this book to the end.
Aren't you going to read this book?
Won't you read this book?
You have to get used to two things to make life bearable: bad weather and the injustice of people.
The most dangerous headaches are caused by deficiently digested ideas.
Art is a harmony that runs parallel to nature.
Truth has wings.
To translate: to transfer a liquid from a large-necked vase into a narrow-necked one. Something always gets lost.
Most people don't like watching movies with subtitles.
In reality, each reader is, when he reads, the very reader of himself.
She put two pairs of sheer tights in the suitcase.
I will try but don't know if I will succeed.
He is always popular among his friends. So whenever he comes across troubles or emergencies, they are happy to offer help.
Calm down and explain it from the beginning.
Hi, nice to meet you.
Hi! It's nice to meet you.
Nice to meet you, too.
This is common.
Cinema, like painting, shows the invisible.
Hydrogen is the most abundant element in the universe.
Hydrogen is the most common element in the universe.
This drawing took me five minutes, but I took sixty years to get there.
Your father was a great man.
Tom was polite but firm.
She was polite but firm.
I came here to be alone.
My life is so boring.
Where the hell do you think you're going?
I'm going to be a famous author one day.
I plan to be back to work within a few days.
What exactly are you afraid of?
Painting is very easy when you do not know how to do it. When you know, it's very difficult.
Hamburgers aren't made of ham.
Inuktitut is an official language of Nunavut.
The Nintendo Switch is a new portable gaming console.
The sales did not meet the company's expectations.
Portugal won the Eurovision Song Contest for the first time.
Tom has a life-threatening heart condition.
Tom is in desperate need of a heart transplant.
It's a beautiful song.
Salvador Sobral sung a song written and composed by his sister, Luisa.
Tom wants to study music.
Tom did not want to talk to the press about his personal life.
Salvador Sobral performed the song Amar Pelos Dois (For The Both Of Us).
Tom is a financial advisor.
Financial advisors are just salespeople. They don't have to look out for your best interests.
Tom brought his son to work.
Mary brought her daughter to work.
This song is catchy.
This song is very catchy.
Ensure that the needle has been sterilized beforehand.
Everyone is counting on us.
It is not only eating that is hard for him, but drinking also poses a major challenge.
Tom is a telepath.
Mary is a telepath.
Do you speak a foreign language?
Does Tom know we can't speak French?
Do you know who did that?
Tom told me he didn't like fishing.
I want to spend some time traveling.
Does Tom know I want him to do that?
What's the best way to resolve the problem?
Tom says he's not going to do that.
Wouldn't you like something to eat?
Do you want to know why Tom is here?
Do you see that happening again?
Tom says he won't be here tomorrow.
Do you know those ladies?
Do you think Tom will go home early?
I want to spend some time in Boston.
Tom says he just wants to be happy.
Was that what you were expecting to happen?
Aren't you and Tom both from Boston?
Would you tell me why you did that?
Tom pretended not to feel any pain.
Do you really need one of those?
Are you sure Tom understands French?
Do you guys ever do that?
Tom never did what he said he'd do.
I suggest you don't do that anymore.
Are you and Tom planning to do that?
How long will it take you to get to Boston?
Tom is the lead singer of his band.
Would you mind if we don't do that?
You weigh more than Tom, don't you?
Do you really intend to do that?
Tom got angry when I told him that.
Didn't I say I'd be back?
Wouldn't you rather talk about Tom?
I have a couple of Canadian friends.
Tom didn't do what he said he'd do.
Don't you want us to take you home with us?
Would you tell me why Tom did that?
Would you like to buy one of these?
Maybe that's what Tom wanted to do.
Do you not see the problem here?
Why should I go to Boston with Tom?
Did you like the concert?
Maybe that's what Tom meant to say.
I don't usually do things like this.
Who does Tom think he's talking to?
Don't you want us to go to Boston with you?
I'm pretty sure Tom won't help you.
Would you like hot tea or cold tea?
What do you think Tom wants to eat?
Do you live a healthy lifestyle?
I'm pretty sure Tom isn't Canadian.
Did you enjoy doing that?
Don't you want us to take Tom home?
That's not what I wanted you to do.
I'm pretty sure Tom didn't do that.
Don't you want to talk about what happened?
Don't you want to do that with Tom?
Will you be eating out this Monday?
I won't see Tom again until Monday.
Do you listen to Internet radio?
Does Tom think that's what we want?
Did you do anything else?
I suggest you do what Tom is doing.
Tell me precisely why you think so.
Does Tom really want us to do that?
Do you want to know who's going to do that?
All I know is that Tom wasn't here.
Does Tom really want Mary to leave?
Do you know who's on the ballot?
Tom told me that he can't do that.
Can we make a difference?
Does Tom need to do that every day?
Only teenagers are allowed to do that.
Tom told me he didn't like boxing.
Do you realize how ridiculous that plan is?
Does Tom know what your opinion is?
Who do you plan to visit in Boston?
Tom says he has a lot to do today.
Do you know where I can get one?
Does Tom know I can't speak French?
Can we avoid a civil war?
Tom sat all by himself at the bar.
Let's go out for an evening stroll.
Does Tom have to do that every day?
Do you realize how ridiculous that idea is?
Which guitar would you rather have?
Does Tom ever get carsick or dizzy?
Do you know what you have to do?
Tom said he wanted to go shopping.
Are you happy to be back?
Do you want to say anything to Tom?
It's quite likely to rain tomorrow.
Tom pretended he didn't notice me.
Do you know many people who have done that?
Do you know why Tom has to do that?
That's why you came here, isn't it?
Tom just wouldn't stop doing that.
Do you know how to tune a piano?
Do you know why Tom didn't do that?
Are we likely to do that?
Tom didn't think Mary would leave.
I wasn't able to buy what I wanted.
Do you know what time Tom got here?
Do you have room to park a truck this size?
Tom and I both can't speak French.
Is there any chance we can succeed?
Do you and Tom still keep in touch?
Do you know anyone who's hiring?
No one wanted to be seen with Tom.
Would you like to leave?
Are you saying Tom didn't help you?
I wasn't able to buy what I needed.
Maybe that's what Tom meant to do.
Do you have any idea what could cause this?
Why are we doing this without Tom?
Is that something that you believe?
I'm pretty sure Tom can't do that.
Do you have any comment on that?
What'll you do when Tom gets here?
Who else gave you money?
I was at Tom's party last weekend.
I saw a friend of mine in the park.
What do you think Tom wants to do?
Do you actually know what needs to be done?
I didn't see what Tom said he saw.
Is anybody here willing to do that?
What do you think Tom plans to do?
Do you have a gun in your house?
All Tom wants is to be left alone.
Where did you eat lunch?
Is that something Tom wants to do?
I have several friends who do that.
You won't be able to talk to Tom.
Did you expect sell that many apples today?
How does Tom plan to pay for that?
Haven't you ever wanted to do that?
Tom told me he wanted to do that.
Do you guys still keep in touch?
Have you contacted Tom about this?
What should we be doing?
Tom says he has a lot of friends.
I have an aunt who lives in Boston.
Does Tom really have one of those?
Did you come up with that idea on your own?
Tom said he wanted to go sailing.
Have you ever kissed a younger man?
Does Tom really care what happens?
Do you feel yucky every morning?
Tom refused to even talk to Mary.
How old is your bicycle?
Does Tom need to go anywhere else?
I don't watch as much TV as you do.
Tom pretended not to notice Mary.
Wouldn't you rather stay for another hour?
Does Tom need to be here tomorrow?
Have you been taking your medicine?
Tom hardly ever loses his temper.
Do you care if the soup is cold?
Does Tom know where you were born?
Don't you work downtown?
Tom cut himself peeling an apple.
Your parents must've been worried.
Does Tom have to go anywhere else?
Would you tell me why you want to do that?
Tom and Mary don't have children.
Have you actually read the article?
Does Tom have to be here tomorrow?
Do you agree with the new rules?
Tom and I don't get along at all.
Don't you want us there?
Do you want to know why I hit Tom?
You have a tendency to exaggerate.
Tom and I both have one of those.
Would you like to know why I'm here today?
Do you think Tom will remember us?
Don't you watch the news every day?
What Tom did wasn't appreciated.
Do you agree with that position?
Do you think Tom will remember me?
Don't you want this one?
Tom told me it was just a prank.
Perhaps you won't need to do that.
Do you like the way Tom does that?
Who do you plan to invite to your wedding?
Tom told me he didn't like Mary.
Don't you want us to take you home?
Do you know why Tom doesn't drink?
Do you actually know what to do?
Tom told me he couldn't do that.
Don't you want any rice?
Do you actually know Tom's family?
Perhaps you won't have to do that.
Tom slipped on the ice and fell.
When did they let you out of the hospital?
Didn't Tom promise not to do that?
Don't you want to talk to a lawyer?
Tom seems to enjoy teasing Mary.
How could you not have known what was going on between Tom and Mary?
Tom lent me his computer.
Labor is a necessary evil.
Work is a necessary evil.
The act of giving birth is a necessary evil.
"Are you American?" "Texas." "Ohio." "Paul." "Ted. Nice to meet you."
"Kids?" "Two."
"Kids?" "Two, a daughter and son."
I heard Layla's car drive off.
Layla didn't want to go to jail.
Layla drank a lot of water.
The wound hurts like hell.
There was a little bit of yellow pus in the wound.
Layla wore a long dress.
He fired me and offered a pretextual rationale for the firing.
Layla lost her hotel room key.
The FBI came to arrest Layla.
Layla was in the shower.
Toss the gun in the sea.
I forgive you, Layla. I hope you can forgive me, too.
This won't hurt.
Open your mouth. This won't hurt, don't worry.
Layla is in jail and that's where she needs to be.
Layla was really excited about it.
Kids open their presents in Christmas morning.
We ended up falling in love with each other.
Layla and Sami ended up falling in love with each other.
I'll take a shot in the dark.
I'm an American citizen, I'm in trouble and I need to speak to somebody, please.
"Australian embassy." "Yes, hello. I'm an American citizen. I'm in trouble and I need to speak to somebody, please."
Layla is suffering ten times worse than you are.
I think that Layla will burn in a dark corner of hell.
As she was tied and gagged in the dark room, Layla was moaning and she could hear a person moan back.
The soldier kicked Layla awake.
This ship is sinking.
What we need is a responsible government. What we have is a clown show.
Hi. My name is Sergey.
Have you tried, at least, to talk to her?
This is a threat to the rule of law in our country.
We have far more to fear from a functional dictatorship than from one in disarray.
The craziness has crossed a line.
I think one of the things you just said in your lead-in is a little bit off.
"What are you studying?" "History."
Are you a doctor, by any chance?
A disaster is taking place in front of our eyes.
Tom became purple with anger.
Tom is going for broke.
Tom went out to buy bread.
Japan is ruled by an emperor and Spain by a king.
A seamstress sews, and a cook bakes.
What do we want? To study several languages.
My land has palm trees where the thrush sings.
Layla worked long hours.
Layla decided to go traveling.
Layla ended up in Egypt.
Layla was working long hours.
That's exactly what Layla ended up doing.
New York was a cultural shock for Layla.
Layla showed Sami how to do it.
Layla and Sami soon became very firm friends.
Layla wasn't ready to go home.
Layla spoke Arabic but was American.
Layla was quite a loud mouth.
Sami wasn't really Layla's kind of guy.
Layla wanted to make some money.
They did not stop crying.
What will you write in this letter?
Both answers are possible.
I'm not going to the beach with you.
Who is going to be the first?
When did they get married?
What are you going to write in that letter?
God has always existed.
This is the woman I love.
His theory is not based on facts.
At the present moment, not all consequences of the scandal are foreseeable.
Our shares have crashed.
Layla looked so hurt.
Layla was terrified that I was in jail.
"American?" "Canadian." "Where from?" "Newfoundland."
"Married?" "Yeah." "How long?" "Twelve years."
I'll show you the photo now.
Layla was very naive about Sami.
Layla was dressed sloppy.
Childbirth is a necessary evil.
I had no respect to Layla from the moment I saw her.
Everything Layla worked for was lost.
It was ridiculously hot.
They were ridiculously expensive.
Layla and me got on quite well.
"Is it true what they say?" "What?" "That human flesh tastes like pork."
Layla has been driking. You can smell it on her breath.
Layla looked like she had been drinking.
No one will buy that house because there was a murder there.
We are Russians, and you?
Honestly...
Have you read your horoscope today?
Have you read your horoscope for today?
As I stepped out of the bank, I banged my head against the glass door. I hate transparent doors.
Do we have to pay taxes on this?
Did Tom ever tell you what it was?
Don't you like your job?
Tom says he's not busy tomorrow.
I wasn't able to do what I wanted.
Can you find out why Tom did that?
What did the guy who mugged you look like?
Tom is better looking than John.
Don't you want to sit in the front?
Aren't you and Tom both Canadians?
Didn't that seem strange to you?
Tom is aware of what's going on.
Do you really need this?
Are you sure Tom wants to do that?
I don't read as much as I used to.
Tom drew that picture yesterday.
Is this what you were expecting to happen?
Are you saying Tom didn't do that?
Don't you think that's a good sign?
Tom asked me if I was satisfied.
Did you read the entire article?
Would you have done what Tom did?
Do you know those women?
Tom and I get along fairly well.
The question is what do you want.
Why don't you ask Tom to do that?
Is it necessary for all of us to be there?
I'll do what Tom tells me to do.
Don't you know anything about that?
Why does Tom do things like that?
Did you have a place to do that?
I think you weigh more than Tom.
Do you know those girls?
Who did Tom think would help him?
That's not what I told you to do.
I had no idea Tom could do that.
Don't you want to say anything about that?
Who did Tom say was exaggerating?
Doesn't that make you want to quit?
You won't be able to bribe Tom.
Did you actually watch the show?
Who did Tom say broke the mirror?
Do you know how to read?
Tom told me he was from Boston.
Perhaps you should get a bicycle.
Is Tom likely to want to do that?
Don't you want to know who I gave that to?
Tom says he has a lot of money.
Do you wish you'd done that sooner?
If Tom doesn't do that, who will?
Can't you see the door's closed?
Tom says he did that last week.
Do you ever get carsick?
Does Tom really think he can win?
Perhaps you should do that later.
Tom pretended not to notice me.
Don't you want to do something about that?
Does Tom really think I like him?
Do you want chocolate chip cookies?
Tom pretended he didn't see me.
Can you help solve this problem?
Does Tom really belong in prison?
Did you enjoy the party?
Tom only very rarely does that.
Perhaps you should do that again.
Does Tom know where you got that?
Do you want us to do something about that?
Tom never helps in the kitchen.
Do you want to know how to do that?
Does Tom always ramble like this?
Can you help solve this mystery?
Tom doesn't play chess anymore.
Could that happen again?
Does Tom actually play the drums?
I wasn't at home most of the day.
Tom backed his car into a wall.
Do you want to sit down for a few minutes?
Do you wish Tom hadn't done that?
Do you want to discuss the problem?
You won't be able to beat Tom.
Can you guess whose hat this is?
Do you want to know why Tom quit?
Are you still a student?
What Tom did was unforgivable.
I think you should do that today.
Do you understand what Tom means?
Do you want to see what's inside the cave?
Tom seems to enjoy doing that.
Do you want me to buy this for you?
Do you think Tom is going to die?
Can we protect ourselves or not?
Tom is aware of the situation.
Will you go to Harvard?
Do you support what Tom is doing?
I haven't eaten anything all day.
Tom has a tendency to do that.
Do you want to know who donated the money?
Do you know where Tom's keys are?
Do you think you could do the same?
If you don't help Tom, I will.
Can we make a bigger difference?
Do you know where Tom's house is?
Will you do that today?
Tom wouldn't stop doing that.
I have a sister who plays tennis.
Did you return Tom's book to him?
Do you think that's going to happen today?
Tom says he's not happy here.
Do you think it's worth the effort?
Did Tom really say this was free?
Can there be any doubt about it?
Tom says he has a lot to say.
Why is no one here yet?
Did Tom have any comment on that?
I had no idea where you'd gone.
Tom said it was just a prank.
Do you think it's likely to rain tomorrow?
Did Tom explain why he was angry?
Do you think it's really important?
Tom said he wasn't thirsty.
Can salad really be bad for you?
Are you aware of Tom's situation?
Who might've done this?
I'll be with Tom all evening.
I already know what I need to do.
Why wasn't Tom helping us today?
Do you really hate everyone you work with?
What you did made Tom angry.
Do you speak any foreign languages?
Why did you want Tom to do that?
Can fast food really be healthy?
Tom started talking to Mary.
Who else will be there?
Why did you tell Tom about that?
You should try doing that again.
Tom showed me some pictures.
Do you intend to work here next year, too?
Who did Tom think would do that?
Do you play any musical instrument?
Tom says he has a lot to do.
Aren't you ever going to get up?
Who did Tom think would be here?
Who cares what happens?
Tom said he wasn't sleepy.
You may use mine if you want to.
What exactly is Tom going to do?
Do you feel that doing this is worthwhile?
Do you know who's going to help us?
Was anyone in the room with Tom?
Are you working on another book?
Tom does tend to exaggerate.
Is anyone in the house?
If you don't tell Tom, who will?
What you did wasn't good enough.
Perhaps you should help Tom.
Did you not know that was going to happen?
If you don't help Tom, who will?
Do you know what's going to happen?
Maybe that's what Tom meant.
Are you tired of doing that yet?
Have you worked with Tom before?
How will you get there?
Let's go visit Tom tomorrow.
Please tell me why you did that.
Don't you want to play with Tom?
Did you actually do what you said you did?
Tom's dog is very obedient.
Do you know what they call me here?
Don't you think I look like Tom?
Are you sure it's OK to do this?
How old is your mother?
Don't you and Tom work together?
Let's discuss that in my office.
Tom never asked about Mary.
Aren't you glad we're here instead of Boston?
Does Tom think we're all stupid?
Do you know of any other solutions?
I'll be with Tom on Monday.
Are you still interested in art?
Does Tom think Mary can do that?
Don't you watch soccer?
I don't often see Tom here.
I suggest you don't say a thing.
Does Tom really need to do that?
Are the bus drivers going to go on strike?
I didn't hear Tom say that.
Do you intend to keep working here?
Does Tom really have to do that?
Are you still happy living here?
Tom very rarely does that.
Don't you watch movies?
Does Tom really hate doing that?
I had no idea you could do that.
Tom told me he was sleepy.
You know what I'm going to do, don't you?
Does Tom know you can't do that?
Do you have to be young to do that?
Tom says he's very hungry.
I could do that, but I don't want to.
I could probably do that, but I don't want to.
I think I could do that, but I don't want to.
I don't want to do that now.
Tom bought his mother flowers.
Tom bought his mother flowers for Mother's Day.
Tom bought his girlfriend flowers.
Layla will do it.
It was the only option on the table.
It was pretty much the only option on the table.
Sami used Layla as a drug mule.
It's easy. You'll just have to sit in this jail for another ten years.
We need to get down and hide.
They slowly tightened the noose around Layla's neck.
Layla stood on the gallows, crying, as a man was slowly tightening the noose around her neck.
We'll take you back to town.
Layla was running out of time.
Who did you want to dance with?
Who did Tom go skiing with?
Do you like gardening?
How much does Tom get paid?
I'd rather sit somewhere else.
How many cars does Tom own?
Do you know where I can buy one of those?
Don't you want Tom to help?
Are you smarter than your children?
Does Tom really want to go?
What's the best way to do that?
Does Tom know I can't swim?
Do you know those men?
Does Tom do this every day?
I was at home most of the day.
Did Tom promise to do that?
Didn't you know that was going to happen?
Aren't you and Tom related?
Are you really planning to do that?
Aren't you and Tom friends?
What'll you do if that happens?
Will you do that with Tom?
Do you ever get dizzy?
Why wasn't Tom here today?
I have an uncle who does that.
Why is Tom not doing that?
Did you like the sandwich I made for you?
Who was Tom swimming with?
Are you really going to drink that?
Who does Tom want to hire?
What time do you usually leave?
Who did Tom say was lying?
Do you collect stamps?
What exactly is Tom doing?
I don't often wear this color.
What do you think Tom ate?
Can you believe I'm driving a sports car?
How much did Tom get paid?
Are you happy to be back in school?
Does Tom know what you do?
What do you think about it now?
Do you get along with Tom?
Do you collect comics?
Can Tom really do the job?
I already know where you live.
Why wouldn't Tom do that?
Are you sure you want to sell your house?
Who did Tom say did that?
Are you getting your money's worth?
What should Tom be doing?
What did you think of the play?
Is Tom likely to do that?
Do we need to do more?
Don't you want Tom there?
Feel free to disagree with me.
Doesn't Tom ever do that?
Are you sure no one else is in the house?
Does Tom need to do more?
You mean you didn't see the fight?
Does Tom have to do more?
Is this why you called me here?
Did Tom actually do that?
Are you in good shape?
Are you smarter than Tom?
You need to be here tomorrow.
Will Tom really do that?
Are you really going to buy one of those?
Who was Tom skiing with?
Wouldn't you rather do that later?
Who was Tom shouting at?
Is this where you found my key?
Who did Tom say hit him?
Why did you eat that?
Don't you work with Tom?
You may use mine if you want.
Don't you want Tom back?
Are we going to see you here next summer?
Did Tom need to do that?
Would you rather eat Chinese food?
Can you impersonate Tom?
Is that why you called me here?
Who was Tom yelling at?
Why did you buy that?
Who did Tom dance with?
Perhaps you should get a dog.
Does Tom have any sons?
Wouldn't you rather do that by yourself?
Why is Tom here today?
Would you mind if I don't do that?
Who did Tom play with?
Is that what you wanted to say?
What is Tom afraid of?
How should I do that?
Doesn't Tom like Mary?
Mary was like a mother to me.
Do you still like Tom?
Would you please get me a cup of coffee?
Who did Tom eat with?
Would you like to see that happen?
Just how rich is Tom?
Is that what you wanted to buy?
Who did Tom talk to?
Don't you work alone?
Does Tom have a son?
Let's sit closer to the fire.
Can anyone help Tom?
Why don't you stay with us until Monday?
Why is Tom afraid?
Layla's English is getting much better.
Layla killed Sami with several blows to the back of the head.
Layla thought that she could commit a crime and get away with it so easily, but sometimes those things could come back on you.
Sami grew up in a small bedroom community.
The job fit Layla like a glove.
Use your instinct!
Cut the crap, Layla, and tell me the truth.
Detective Majid was asked to come out of retirement to help the police department solve that crime.
"Layla was horribly tortured." "I can see that she has already been through hell."
Do you need a ride, bud?
Can you tell me the make of the kidnapper's car?
She made the right decision at the right time.
Sami got busted for embezzlement.
Layla is a Cairo native.
A couple of months ago, they laid me off.
Sami got busted for stealing a car.
Layla was abused as a child.
Sami went back to burglarizing.
Layla went to prison again.
Sami dumped Layla's body in a rural area.
A knife was embedded in Layla's chest.
Layla got along with everybody.
When Layla saw Sami and Salima together, she misread the situation.
I'm gonna ask you again: who was that man?
Don't bullshit me. I saw you kissing her.
Sami and Jamal were married to sisters.
Sami and Jamal were married to stepsisters.
Sami was known as a man who couldn't keep his hands to himself.
You look so beautiful tonight.
Layla never gave Sami a second look.
You make me smile.
Dolphins are playful animals.
Tom finished second-to-last.
My brother paid for the cake.
What do you want a meaning for? Life is a desire, not a meaning.
Tom is an influential local criminal.
Where have you been? Everyone phoned you.
I didn't write a single sentence this week. I think I have writer's block.
When Maria discovered what Tom's alleged language studies on the Internet were, she banned his computer use for a while.
The human brain is the most perfect organ. It works hours a day, days a year, from our birth to when we fall in love.
An owl is perched on the green tree.
There are no empty seats in the auditorium.
I wish you a week full of good things and especially the sun!
I had never asked myself the question.
Ask a question.
Are you saying you didn't do so?
Did Tom explain how he did that?
Don't you want to vote?
Tom says he won't do that.
I guess I'll see you next month.
Can Tom actually play the drums?
Wouldn't you like to know why I did that?
Tom says he isn't thirsty.
Do you have time for one more beer?
Are you sure Tom didn't do that?
Are you paying attention at all?
Don't you want to stay?
Would you tell me what Tom did?
I don't usually get up so early.
Tom pretended to be happy.
Would you tell me why you didn't do that?
Why do you want Tom to do that?
Do you have relatives in Australia?
Tom does that very rarely.
Are you going home anytime soon?
Who does Tom want to sing with?
Don't you want to sing?
Tom and I don't get along.
You need to do this right away.
Would you like to talk about the problem?
Tom teased Mary a little.
Do you have any comment about that?
Don't you want to speak to Tom?
Are you getting enough exercise?
Tom says he's got a cold.
Don't you ever do that?
Don't you want Tom to help you?
You need to do that right away.
Tom says he isn't hungry.
Would you like some more mashed potatoes?
Doesn't Tom want to go with us?
Do you hate everyone you work with?
Tom refused to kiss Mary.
Are you at home most of the day?
Does Tom think he'll stay long?
Do you know those guys?
Tom paid the taxi driver.
We were worried sick about you.
Does Tom need to be doing that?
Is there anything that we can do to help?
Tom is a very honest guy.
Do you go to the post office often?
Does Tom know we never do that?
Are you all enjoying yourselves?
Tom doesn't swim anymore.
Do you know those boys?
Does Tom know we can't do that?
We barbecued steaks last night.
Tell Tom what you bought.
Is that the guy that you had dinner with?
Does Tom actually speak French?
Do you do any programming yourself?
I'll be with Tom all day.
Are you a fan of standup comedy?
Do you think Tom suffered much?
Do you know that woman?
I think Tom will do that.
This is what you're paid to do.
Do you know why Tom left early?
Is it necessary for all of us to do that?
I started talking to Tom.
Do you think anyone would mind if we did that?
Do you know why Tom is in jail?
Are we going to lose everything?
Do you actually know Tom?
Do you guys ever fight?
Do you know what time Tom left?
This is what you paid me to do.
Tom was at Mary's party.
Don't you wish you'd been here yesterday?
Would you want Tom to do that?
Do we all need to be here tomorrow?
Tom told me he was rich.
Are gas prices going to go down?
Who was Tom complaining about?
Could we do that again?
Tom says he's exhausted.
The surgery lasted three hours.
Who did Tom say gave him that?
Don't you wish you could travel in space?
Tom says he isn't tired.
Do we all have to be here tomorrow?
Don't you weigh more than Tom?
You're a policeman, aren't you?
Tom really surprised me.
Will you do that, too?
Don't you want us to tell Tom?
Perhaps you should do that now.
I wasn't at Tom's party.
Don't you want to see what's in this box?
Don't you want us to help Tom?
Didn't you study history at school?
Tom says he isn't busy.
Would you prefer that we leave?
Doesn't Tom sometimes do that?
Who else did you tell?
Tom sat all by himself.
I've never seen anyone do that.
Does Tom know I can't do that?
Don't you want to see what else I've got?
Tell Tom what you know.
Did you watch the press conference?
Does Tom have a lot of friends?
Would you prefer coffee or tea?
Tom says he's thirsty.
Which would you chose?
Do you think Tom will like me?
I'll do what you tell me to do.
Tell Tom what you saw.
Don't you want to know who that woman is?
Do you think Tom will do that?
Did you really not see this coming?
Tell Tom what you did.
Would they charge you for that?
Do you think Tom got it right?
Where did you do that?
Tom says he's sleepy.
I won't go to Boston next week.
Didn't Tom promise to do that?
Don't you want to do that sometime today?
Tom says he did that.
Did you not read the whole article?
Can Tom actually speak French?
Would doing that be worthwhile?
Tom is an honest guy.
What made you do that?
Who does Tom want to talk to?
I wasn't able to write it down.
Tom had a lot to say.
Do you want to know who those people are?
Who did Tom say was cheating?
Did you ever stop to think of that?
I was at Tom's party.
Will anyone care if we do that?
Who did Tom play tennis with?
What could cause this?
Tom loves that game.
I suggest you do that tomorrow.
Who did Tom go swimming with?
Do you think we should be doing this now?
Tom can't be bribed.
Did you do anything else like that?
Who did Tom go shopping with?
Why did you want me to do that?
Tom and I get along.
Just how rich are you?
What do you think Tom bought?
I already know that guy's name.
Tom paid for lunch.
Do you think that these numbers are accurate?
What did you think Tom meant?
Could you talk a little about that?
Tom lives in an RV.
Why did you do that without me?
Does Tom know you can't swim?
How should we do that?
Tom frowned at me.
You were with me at that time.
Does Tom know where you live?
Do you think that these figures accurate?
Tom spit on me.
Can I help you with your suitcases?
Does Tom know how to do that?
Who's going to Boston with you?
Tom is in debt.
Don't you work at all?
Do you know why Tom did that?
That's not what I meant to do.
Do you ever do that with Tom?
Do you recognize the man in this picture?
Did what Tom do surprise you?
Besides music, what else do you do?
Did Tom know you were hungry?
Who else do you plan to invite?
Why does Tom feel so lonely?
Don't you want to try?
What if Tom doesn't do that?
Please tell me why we're here.
Doesn't Tom want to do that?
Do you know who's going to be here today?
Does Tom really belong here?
Aren't you glad we cleared that up?
Does Tom have a future here?
Who else did you give money to?
Are you sure Tom isn't here?
Do you work near here?
Are you going to invite Tom?
Please tell me where you went.
Who did Tom say was hungry?
Do you know where I can get one of those?
Who did Tom say kissed him?
Are you sure you want to stay here?
Who did Tom say helped him?
Great question!
This question is controversial.
About 360,babies are born every day.
Roger Federer will not play at Roland Garros.
Excuse me. Are you that person?
The billionaire's daughter bought a castle in England with her pocket money.
Maria thought that the fridge looked quite plain. So she stuck a few little hearts to it.
Do you have magnets stuck to your fridge ?
Tom stuck his grocery list to the fridge door with a magnet.
Sometimes I forget you're a girl.
"Put some pants on!" said Mary to Tom, who stood naked before her.
"But what if she says no?" "Then she says no."
Tom had completely forgotten that he was naked.
I really think you should put some pants on.
Tom forgot his grocery list.
I forgot to put it on the list.
Don't forget to buy milk.
Tom forgot his reusable shopping bag.
Mary's father was a sailor who never came back.
Layla went into labor.
I thought her life would be better off if she moved to Cairo.
I'm not leaving you, Layla.
I'm gonna spend fifty years in jail. It'd be better if you divorced me.
Layla received a leaner sentence.
Layla's bail cost Sami everything he had.
Layla was battling cancer.
The only way I see my family is through the Internet.
I suggest doing that.
I suggest not doing that.
I wouldn't have tried to do that by myself.
I don't think Tom would've tried doing that by himself.
I don't think you should try doing that by yourself.
I wouldn't have tried doing that by myself.
I don't think Tom would've tried to do that by himself.
I don't think you should try to do that by yourself.
Layla and Salima were identical twins. They were so close to each other and they could almost read each other's thoughts.
What sound does a mouse make?
What does that tell you?
Layla cast a spell over everybody she met.
Someone reaches the peak of fame when his name is everywhere, except in the phone book.
Let me take your laptop, please. Mine is broken.
Can I have a free ride, please? My wallet was stolen.
Let's allow Tom to invite friends to the party. He asks so much!
Do not talk about it anymore.
In addition, she has an artistic flair.
What must be done?
This is the reason why the proletarians worship you.
I am annoyed because it is not there.
Who can doubt it?
Man is a biped animal.
Who sings the best?
What was the boy's name?
I will remember it.
Who sees the money?
The more I know men, the more I admire dogs.
Who created you?
Dan learned the Slavic languages of all the Eastern European countries he visited.
Who sees my book?
He who writes reads twice.
What are your favorite flowers?
My little brother is still a kindergartner.
You made a joke that wasn't funny.
He gives twice who gives quickly.
The draping of this dress is intricate.
In ancient times letters were inscribed on clay tablets.
I am sitting here.
Since middle school he was predetermined to become a famous person.
Runes were often inscribed on wood bark.
How much does this house cost?
I was shoving logs into my little wood-burning stove.
Why do you still use that old wood-burning stove?
Wood-burning stoves don't require a lot of maintenance.
Did Raskolnikov commit a justifiable homicide?
The port was engulfed by ten-meter-high waves.
Being married long enough to have a silver wedding anniversary is really admirable.
My parents just had their silver wedding aniversary.
Excavating human graves is just a part of what an archaeologist needs to do.
Excavating gold can be a prosperous career.
Animal diversification is a process through which one species diverges into two or more species.
The position was recaptured by the enemy's forces.
The transmitter on Voyager was not reachable due to solar winds.
The choreographers were assigned to work on a new music video.
Being a forager was once an essential part of one's life.
Some believe that spontaneous combustion of human beings occurs, but I am not really convinced.
I became a retiree after working for forty-five years in a cubicle.
By asking this question he unknowingly opened Pandora's box.
Criminal cases of rich men just show how great the power of an attorney can be.
The things that hurt us, teach us.
Their primary concern was to redistribute income from rich to poor.
Here's the girl who came yesterday.
Nature, the inexhaustible treasure of colors and sounds, forms and rhythms, an unparalleled model of total development and perpetual variation, Nature is the supreme resource!
Which book do you see?
What man do you see?
Whom did you invite to dinner?
Who does he say he is?
I did not receive the book that I asked for.
Compulsory military service is in most countries a thing of the past.
In South Korea, compulsory military service lasts between and months.
To research ancient history is an excruciating task. The amount of time and skill required to gain an insight is very large.
You could go to rest on the sea while I'm on a business trip.
The wind isn't blowing.
"Can I ask you some questions?" "Of course".
Come on, sleepyhead. Get up!
The bank manager trusts all employees.
Come on, sleepyhead. Wake up!
Wake up. You're going to be late for school.
I don't want to wake up.
Do you think it was my fault?
Who did you invite do dinner?
Who do you see?
The shoes that you bought are too small.
What languages do you want to learn?
I was asked whether I thought it would be a good idea to do that.
Do you think it would be possible for you to convince Tom to stop doing that?
You should try spending most of your time doing something you enjoy.
Tom thought he was going to be able to afford to buy a house by the time he was thirty.
Do you think you'd be able to do that before you go home today?
Tom told Mary that he didn't think he'd be able to do that without her help.
When I was a student, I studied at least three hours every night.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think he'd be able to move the sofa without her help.
I was asked if I thought it would be a good idea to do that.
Do you think it would be possible for you to convince Tom to do that for me?
The doctor told Mary that she wouldn't be able to have children.
Tom realized that Mary wanted him to ask her to go to the dance with him.
I thought I wasn't going to be able to do that by myself.
Tom was the one who convinced Mary that she should learn how to do that.
I was born in a small town about three hundred miles from here.
Yesterday was the first time in a long time that Tom and I ate together.
When did you decide that doing that would be a bad idea?
Tom knew Mary didn't want to do that, but he wanted her to do it anyway.
In the small town where I grew up, everybody knows everybody.
Tom mentioned that he and Mary were planning to go to Boston on Monday.
I think we're going to be able to do that before Monday.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think he'd be able to do that by himself.
This is one of the funniest movies I've seen in a long time.
Tom mentioned that he and Mary were thinking about adopting a child.
Perhaps if we tried to do that together we could do it.
It's very unlikely that Tom will be able to convince Mary to do that.
I wish that you wouldn't make so much noisy late at night.
Tom said he hoped that Mary would want to go to the dance with him.
Don't you think you could've done that without my help?
Do you think it would be possible for you to convince Tom to do that?
I think we've been doing what we're supposed to be doing.
Tom promised Mary he would mow the lawn when he got home from work.
Do you think you'd be able to do that without any help?
You should tell Tom that Mary wants him to teach her how to do that.
Do you think it would be possible to get that done today?
Tom mentioned that he and Mary were thinking about getting married.
Do you think you'd be able to do that without my help?
You should tell Tom that Mary wants him to show her how to do that.
This is one of the best movies I've seen in a long time.
Tom realized that Mary was likely to not do anything he suggested.
Do you think you'd be able to do that before tomorrow?
Tom knew that Mary wouldn't be able to do that as well as he could.
I think it's too early to know if we've been successful.
Tom was standing in the middle of the road, holding a flashlight.
Do you think you can do that before you go home today?
You should tell Tom that Mary was the one who told you to do that?
Write to me sometime and let me know what you're doing.
Tom thought Mary was the most beautiful woman in the whole world.
You don't believe that I did that on purpose, do you?
Tom wanted Mary to do that, but she was busy doing something else.
When I was a student, I studied three hours every day.
Tom used to take a lot of pictures when his children were young.
They told me they wouldn't be able to do that today.
Tom knew that Mary wouldn't be able to do that as quickly as John.
I think we're going to be able to finish this by 2:30.
There's a good chance that Tom will be punished for what he did.
You don't think that I did that on purpose, do you?
It's very unlikely that you'll be able to convince Tom to do that.
Tom noticed that Mary was whispering something into John's ear.
I don't think I'm ever going to be able to do that.
Tom told me that I wouldn't be able to get permission to do that.
The doctor told Mary that she couldn't have children.
Tom looked around for something he could use to defend himself.
Do you think you'd be able to do that before lunch?
Tom told Mary that he didn't think he'd be able to do that today.
The Ace of Spades is missing from this deck of cards.
Tom thought Mary was in Boston, but she was really in Chicago.
Can you tell me why you're planning not to do that?
Tom told Mary that he didn't think he'd be able to do that again.
Mary was a tomboy when she was in elementary school.
Tom served three years in prison for a crime he didn't commit.
I'm not going to do that unless you do it with me.
Tom was the one who convinced Mary to teach John how to do that.
Would you like to know who that beautiful woman is?
Tom spent three years in prison for a crime he didn't commit.
Do you think you'd be able to do that on your own?
Tom wanted Mary to do that, but she told him she wouldn't do it.
I wish I had a girlfriend as good-looking as yours.
Tom realized that Mary couldn't do what she was trying to do.
Do you think you'd be able to do that by yourself?
Tom was the one who convinced Mary to show John how to do that.
I thought I was going to be asked to give a speech.
Tom promised Mary he would buy her those earrings she wanted.
Aren't you ever going to tell me how you did that?
Tom knew that Mary wouldn't be able to do that as well as John.
Would you like to go to the movies tomorrow night?
Tom thought Mary would likely know John's telephone number.
They told me I wouldn't be able to do that today.
Tom knew that Mary wouldn't be able to do that as fast as John.
There are going to be a lot more people here soon.
Tom didn't know who Mary was planning to go to Boston with.
I was told that I wouldn't be allowed to do that.
There's a good chance that Tom will be punished for doing that.
Is there any chance you can get that done by 2:30?
Yesterday Tom's bicycle was stolen while he was at school.
I think I'll have time to do that this afternoon.
I think it's unlikely Tom will think doing that is a good idea.
I thought I was going to get caught by the police.
Tom said he doesn't want to tell Mary about what happened.
I don't think that we should even try to do that.
Tom told Mary he had asked John to teach Alice how to do that.
I think it might not be safe to cross this bridge.
Tom was in the middle of the road, waving his flashlight.
I don't think that we should even try doing that.
Tom told me that I was unlikely to get permission to do that.
I don't think I'll be able to get that done today.
Tom put everything Mary had given him in his desk drawer.
Don't you think you can do that without any help?
Tom knew that Mary told everyone she wasn't going to do that.
Would you like for me to get you a cup of coffee?
I think you could get Tom to buy you anything you wanted.
I did that today the way I used to always do it.
Tom wished he hadn't asked Mary to teach him how to do that.
I wish my children were as well behaved as yours.
You should tell Tom that Mary will very likely be there.
I did that today the way I always used to do it.
Tom told Mary he had asked John to teach him how to do that.
I wish my children were as good-looking as yours.
You should tell Tom that Mary has been asking about him.
Would you like to know who asked us to do that?
Tom told Mary he had asked John to teach her how to do that.
I thought I wasn't going to lose so much weight.
Tom wasn't able to say everything what he wanted to say.
Would you like to know who asked me to do that?
You should tell Tom that Mary will very likely not do that.
I think we've been doing what needed to be done.
Tom said he hoped that Mary would let him walk her home.
Would it be possible for you to do that for me?
Tom was the one who convinced Mary to learn how to do that.
I think that I'm going to stay here for a while.
I think it's unlikely Tom will invite Mary to his party.
I was told that we don't need to do that today.
Tom told Mary that he had never really intended to do that.
Would you like to know who was here last night?
You should tell Tom that Mary isn't likely to be there.
I thought I wasn't going to be able to do that.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think he'd be able to do that.
Would you like to have dinner with me sometime?
Tom told the waiter that he'd rather sit by the window.
I didn't think I would ever be able to do that.
Tom told Mary he wanted John to teach Alice how to do that.
Someone told me that you want to join our team.
Tom soon realized that Mary wasn't a very good swimmer.
Do you think you'd be interested in doing that?
Tom thought he was going to earn a lot of money doing that.
I wish my children were as successful as yours.
Tom was sick in bed and couldn't go to work yesterday.
Can you tell me why you're planning to do that?
Tom knew that Mary was unlikely to want to stop doing that.
I like your garden, especially the roses.
I like your garden and its flowers.
I prayed a lot, but the gods did not hear me.
No matter how much I prayed, the gods did not hear me.
The gods do not hear me.
What sets us apart from other species?
Tom looks about forty years old.
Do you think Tom will get home early?
Are you OK to drive?
Are you and Tom still planning to do that?
Is Tom still planning to do that?
Do you think Tom is still planning to do that?
Do you think Tom is planning to do that?
We might arrive before it rains.
She secretly likes him.
I hope it works out for you.
Add grams of sugar and a bit of Grand Marnier.
He was totally drunk.
He was smashed.
He was plastered.
He was sloshed.
I am not in the mood
I was not in the mood.
I think that maybe you weren't in the mood.
I thought over your request.
I wasn't in the mood.
Many plants are wilted for lack of water.
I'm not in the mood to do that.
I wasn't in the mood to do that.
Tom said he wasn't in the mood to do that.
I've considered your request.
I've considered your request and have decided to deny it.
I'm nervous because he's not there.
I think he broke my heart in two.
I think there are too many languages in his list.
My friend's dog understands Esperanto - at least, the most important orders.
Does Tom have lots of friends?
Who have you invited to dinner?
Who did you invite to dinner?
We could arrive before it rains.
We could get there before it rains.
We were able to get there before it started raining.
This history book was written by secondary students.
This history book was written by high school students.
Our parents live just across the street.
What sound do shrews make?
What sound do bats make?
This is a good restaurant. Thank you for bringing me here.
Some students stayed behind.
We partied all night.
We celebrated all night.
She came crossing the street.
How naive.
They did not make a deal.
Whom have you invited to dinner?
Wise is not the man who gives the right answers, but the one who asks the right questions.
In Tom's briefcase I've found a memorandum of a conversation.
I think we've seen this movie before.
I hope you can let this go.
I'm safe and I'm coming home. I love you, honey.
Hi, honey! It's me, Layla. I'm safe and I'm coming home. Love you, honey. Bye.
Layla was on death row.
I wanna go home.
Layla fought off her attacker.
Layla tried to fight off her attacker.
Layla is ignoring me.
Layla was getting ready to leave.
Do you know I love you?
I see you shaking your head.
Layla was out on her porch, talking to a man.
He disregarded the chain of command.
I love my wife and I wouldn't hurt her.
The air conditioner was on.
Layla was a heavy sleeper.
Did you kill your wife?
Layla and Sami were talking on the phone late at night.
I was afraid that I might be too tired to help.
Tom said he doesn't remember anything from that night.
Would you like me to teach you how to do that?
Tom knew that Mary was unlikely to ask John not to do that.
I tried to reach the top shelf, but I couldn't.
Tom promised Mary he would help her with her homework.
We've been asked to do that before we go home.
Tom knew that Mary wanted John to ask Alice not to do that.
I thought I'd go to the library this afternoon.
Does Tom know why Mary didn't invite him to her party?
I think we're not going to be able to do that.
Tom knew Mary wouldn't be able to do that without his help.
I think it's unlikely that it'll rain tomorrow.
Tom was talking to Mary about that just this morning.
I don't think doing that would be a good idea.
Tom knew Mary wouldn't be able to do that without any help.
What have you been doing since I last met you?
Tom was really careful not to leave any fingerprints.
Do you think you'd be able to do that by 2:30?
You ought to tell Tom that you aren't planning to do that.
We won't see each other again for a long time.
Tom was caught in a shower on his way home from work.
Can you tell us what possessed you to do that?
Tom told me he thought he was going to be able to do that.
I was a professional musician for a long time.
Tom told the waiter that he wanted sit by the window.
Can you tell me why you don't want to do that?
Tom said he was planning to do that in Boston next summer.
I thought this place was supposed to be quiet.
Tom told Mary that John and Alice like playing chess.
You never did learn how to do that correctly.
Tom knew that Mary told everyone she was going to do that.
I thought I was going to get here early today.
Tom said he doesn't want to invite Mary to his party.
I tried to do that by myself, but I couldn't.
Tom told Mary he wanted John to teach him how to do that.
I think you're going to like what I bought you.
You ought to let Tom know that you'll probably be late.
I thought that I wouldn't be able to do that.
Tom told Mary he wanted John to teach her how to do that.
I think the way we used to do this was better.
Tom wasn't strong enough to lift the box by himself.
I think we're unlikely to be able to do that.
Tom knew that Mary told John to ask Alice not to do that.
I think forgiving people is good for the soul.
Tom thought Mary would likely know where John lived.
I think doing that was the wrong thing to do.
Tom knew that Mary told John she wasn't going to do that.
I hope that you can get that done before 2:30.
Tom said he didn't want to invite Mary to his party.
I think doing that was the right thing to do.
You're not likely to be able to convince Tom to do that.
Would you like to hear something interesting?
Tom realized that Mary was having trouble breathing.
Do you think you can do that without my help?
You should tell Tom that Mary isn't planning to do that.
I wish that I hadn't gotten married so young.
Tom and Mary wanted to have at least three children.
Do you think you can do that before tomorrow?
Tom wished he hadn't asked Mary to learn how to do that.
I wish I had a wife as good-looking as yours.
Yesterday Tom went to the river to catch some fish.
Do you think it would be possible to do that?
Tom told me he thought Mary wouldn't be able to do that.
I thought this was what you wanted me to buy.
Whatever you do, don't tell Tom about what you did.
You won't be able to convince me to do that.
Tom told Mary that he wouldn't be able to do that today.
I thought that was what you wanted me to say.
We're not likely to be able to do this without Tom.
We never did learn how to do that correctly.
Tom knew Mary told everyone she wasn't going to do that.
I think we're going to be there this evening.
Tom unfastened his seatbelt and got out of the car.
I thought I would be able to do that better.
Tom didn't realize that Mary didn't know how to do that.
Would you like to join us for a drink later?
Tom thought Mary wouldn't likely come to his party.
I thought I was going to be able to do that.
Tom asked Mary to tell John to tell Alice to do that later.
Would you like to go to the movies tomorrow?
Tom promised Mary he would try to lose some weight.
I think that I'm going to do that right now.
You should tell Tom that Mary will very likely do that.
Would you like to go to the concert with me?
Tom might've been the one who told Mary about that.
I think it would be a lot of fun to do that.
You ought to let Tom know that you probably won't do that.
We're willing to do anything we can to help.
You ought to tell Tom that you don't like singing.
I think I'd like to be doing that right now.
Tom knew that Mary was unlikely to ask John to do that.
We're looking for a solution to the problem.
Tom wouldn't allow Mary to see his passport photo.
I don't think I'll be able to do that today.
Tom knew that Mary wanted John to ask Alice to do that.
Pay attention to what's going on around you.
Tom wasn't strong enough to swim across the river.
Do you think you'd be able to do that today?
Tom knew that Mary told John that she couldn't do that.
Layla was full of love for everyone.
Layla was the loveliest little girl in the family.
Sami terrorized Layla into being with him.
Layla hates me and I know that she wants me dead.
Layla and me were arguing.
Layla was born in an orphanage.
Layla took her frustrations out on her children.
Just take it easy for a minute.
Layla is gonna do the right thing.
Don't let this man out. He's going to kill again.
Layla is a great mom.
Layla can handle this.
Layla is gonna handle this.
There is an avenue near my house.
Layla can rest in peace now.
Layla can do it.
Layla has done her job.
Make sure you don't forget your appointment.
Tom was the only boy in the class that Mary liked.
When I was a student, I did that every day.
Tom had no idea why Mary wanted him to stop doing that.
I wish that I hadn't been late for the exam.
Tom was driving the wrong way on a one-way street.
We hope that you don't ever do that again.
I'm sure Tom would appreciate it if you didn't do that.
I wish that I could've gone to your concert.
Tom thought Mary wasn't going to get into college.
I thought I would never be able to do that.
I tried really hard to convince Tom to stop doing that.
I wish that I could've been there yesterday.
Tom thought Mary was going to tell him what to do.
I think doing that will be a waste of time.
You should tell Tom that Mary isn't likely to do that.
I understand that you want to join our team.
Tom spends a lot of time in front of his computer.
I never did learn how to do that correctly.
You should tell Tom that Mary doesn't want to do that.
I thought that was what you wanted me to do.
Tom isn't very likely be punished for what he did.
I hope that you aren't planning to do that.
You ought to tell Tom that you're planning to do that.
I think we're all really excited about this.
I doubt that Tom will be punished for what he did.
Have you ever tried to do that on your own?
Tom was the one who convinced Mary to stop doing that.
I think it's unlikely that will ever happen.
You ought to tell Tom that you'll likely be late.
Have you ever tried to do that by yourself?
Tom was the one who convinced Mary to quit doing that.
We do what we can with what little we have.
Tom will very likely be punished for what he did.
Do you think you could do that by yourself?
Tom told me that he wouldn't be able to do that today.
I've waited a long time for this to happen.
Tom thought Mary wouldn't likely know what to do.
You should be able to do that by yourself.
Tom told me he thought he wouldn't be able to do that.
I wish my wife was as good a cook as yours.
Tom thought Mary already knew how to drive a car.
You can do that now if you really want to.
Tom knows that Mary can't do that as well as John can.
I was kind of worried that I might be late.
Tom realized that Mary didn't like him very much.
Would you mind if we didn't do that today?
Tom knew that Mary told John she was going to do that.
I tried to open the door, but it was stuck.
I tried really hard to convince Tom to help Mary.
We can do that again sometime if you want.
Tom knew Mary wouldn't be able to do that before 2:30.
I thought that was why you came here today.
I think Tom needs to be told about what happened.
We can do that again sometime if you like.
Tom knew Mary was unlikely to want to stop doing that.
I thought pizza was what you wanted to eat.
I think I wouldn't enjoy playing tennis with Tom.
I think we're going to be able to do that.
Tom knew Mary was unlikely to ask John not to do that.
I thought everyone here could speak French.
I hope that you won't tell Tom about what we did.
I think more people should try doing that.
Tom knew Mary wanted John to ask Alice not to do that.
I think I should throw all this stuff away.
Tom thought Mary would likely come to his party.
I don't know if I can do that well enough.
Tom didn't know who Mary was planning to do that with.
Wouldn't you like to know more about that?
Tom thought Mary already had a driver's license.
Don't you think you'll be able to do that?
You should tell Tom that Mary is planning to do that.
Would you like to join us for some drinks?
Tom spends most of his free time reading comics.
Do you think you can do that before lunch?
Tom was the one who convinced Mary to try to do that.
Would you like to go to the opera with me?
Tom said he hoped that Mary would be here today.
Would you like to do that again sometime?
Tom told Mary he wanted John to learn how to do that.
We stayed home because of the bad weather.
Tom paid close attention to what was being said.
I'm not ever going to be able to do that.
Tom knew that Mary told John to ask Alice to do that.
We can do this again sometime if you want.
I think it's unlikely Tom will be here tomorrow.
I'll have time to do that this afternoon.
Tom knew Mary told everyone she was going to do that.
We can do this again sometime if you like.
I wish that you wouldn't do that anymore.
I think that I'm going to ask Tom to stop doing that.
I've already done what you asked me to do.
You should tell Tom that Mary doesn't like him.
I was told that we don't need to do that.
You should tell Tom that Mary isn't able to do that.
I wish that I were still living in Boston.
Would it be OK to ask Tom to sing another song?
I thought I might not be able to do that.
You ought to let Tom know that you'll probably do that.
Layla did a good job.
Layla's rejection enraged Sami.
You look lovely as ever.
I lay awake at night, thinking about you.
Layla and Sami fantasized that they were a couple.
Layla fantasized that she and Sami were a couple.
Sami sent Layla two hundred letters.
Over a period of one year, Sami sent Layla two hundred letters.
Layla grew up in a family of seven children.
Sami mimicked his abusive father.
Spying was part of Sami's job in the military.
Layla sneaked into Sami's office.
Layla made copies of Sami's car keys.
Sami would do anything to get Layla back.
Sami threatened to kill Layla in dozens of letters.
Sami fed Layla's flesh to his dogs.
I wish my children were as smart as yours.
Tom was strong enough to swim across the river.
I think you're going to enjoy doing that.
Tom told Mary that he had never intended to do that.
I was in Boston when I was in high school.
Tom was really careful not to spill the coffee.
I think you shouldn't be doing that here.
Tom knows that Mary can't do that as well as he can.
I thought I was going to lose more weight.
Tom used to hang out with Mary, John and Alice.
I think it would be difficult to do that.
Tom knew that Mary said she wasn't going to do that.
I thought I heard voices in the next room.
Tom thought Mary wasn't going to pass the exam.
I think doing that would be a lot of fun.
Tom knew Mary told John to ask Alice not to do that.
I think we're going to be there on Monday.
Tom thought Mary wasn't being very cooperative.
I think I won't be able to do that today.
Tom knew Mary told John she wasn't going to do that.
You should turn on the windshield wipers?
Tom promised Mary he wouldn't complain anymore.
I did that today the way I used to do it.
Tom doesn't do that as well as he should be able to.
You know how much I hate studying French.
Tom needs to tell Mary what he wants her to do.
Don't you think you could do that for me?
Tom didn't realize that Mary didn't want to do that.
Would you like to hear about what we did?
I tried really hard to convince Tom do to that.
Do you think you can do that on your own?
I think we should tell Tom that he needs to do that.
Would you like to have breakfast with me?
Yesterday, Tom met one of his former teachers.
Do you think you can do that by yourself?
Do you think Tom would be willing to do that for me?
Would you like to go to the mall with us?
Tom's wife and my wife went shopping together.
Do you think we'll be allowed to do that?
You should tell Tom that you don't want to do that.
We went to that restaurant you suggested.
Tom was obviously in a hurry to get that done.
Do you think they'll allow us to do that?
When did you decide not to allow Tom to do that?
Mary will never be able to have children.
Tom thought that Mary was a little overweight.
You're the one who did that, aren't you?
Tom wished he hadn't asked Mary to stop doing that.
I'd like to know who was here last night.
Tom thought Mary would likely know what to do.
We've been asked not to do that anymore.
Tom told me he wanted Mary to learn how to do that.
I wish my children were as nice as yours.
Tom promised Mary he wouldn't try to kiss her.
I was told that I couldn't do that here.
Tom knew that Mary was unlikely to want to do that.
I thought that was what you wanted to do.
Tom paid close attention to what was going on.
I thought I wouldn't be able to do that.
Tom asked Mary when the last time she did that was.
I thought everyone here was a vegetarian.
I didn't think Tom would ask Mary to the prom.
I think you're going to like doing that.
I think it's unlikely Tom will ask Mary to do that.
I thought I was going to become a doctor.
I didn't think Tom would ask Mary to help him.
I think we're unlikely to do that today.
Tom was the one who convinced Mary not to do that.
I thought I was going to be here by 2:30.
Tom thought he was going to have a good time.
I hope that you can do that before 2:30.
Tom told Mary that he wouldn't be able to do that.
I think you're going to enjoy this movie.
Tom promised Mary he wouldn't ever leave her.
I did that today the way I always do it.
Tom told Mary that he didn't want John to do that.
I think you're going to enjoy being here.
Tom might've been the one who told Mary that.
Can you tell me why you want to do that?
Tom knew Mary was unlikely to ask John to do that.
I think we like a lot of the same things.
Tom isn't likely be punished for what he did.
You should try doing that for a living.
Tom knew Mary wanted John to ask Alice to do that.
Would you like to grab something to eat?
Mary was the only girl Tom was interested in.
Tom isn't likely to allow Mary to do that for him.
When I was a student, I lived in Boston.
Do you think Tom would be willing to help me?
I think you ought to do that right now.
Tom didn't know Mary thought he shouldn't do that.
Please write your telephone number here.
Tom will likely be punished for what he did.
I think it wouldn't be easy to do that.
I think we're going to ask Tom to help us do that.
I've already done what needs to be done.
Tom wanted to see what was inside the house.
I don't think doing that would be good.
I think we should tell Tom that he has to do that.
Sami saw Layla in an erotic scene.
Layla decided to punish Sami for it.
Layla went to Sami's house.
Sami has worshipped the Beatles since the age of ten.
Layla used an imaginary world as an escape.
Layla immersed herself in religion.
Layla began abusing drugs and alcohol.
Layla was fanatical about the Spice Girls.
Fidel Castro survived countless assassination attempts.
Layla tried to escape.
I can't imagine this is happening to me.
Are you crying, sweetie?
Layla and Sami were playing tennis.
Layla and Sami ate here regularly on weekends.
Layla never did anything.
Layla was playing tennis.
Layla ate here regularly on weekends.
Sami and Layla met at the country club.
Nothing happened after midnight.
Layla's mother was a strict disciplinarian.
Sami left the club in his car.
Layla left the country club with Sami.
Layla noticed blue lights in her rear-view mirror.
The policeman pulled Layla over.
I'm an undercover agent.
Sami has just come from the country club.
I don't have any drugs on me.
Layla stepped out of the vehicle.
Layla started yelling.
Stay down and don't move.
I told you to stay down.
Layla had no idea what was going to happen.
Layla heard the other car pull up.
Layla heard a car pull up.
Layla could hear Sami talking.
Sami handcuffed Layla's hands behind her back.
Layla was so scared.
Are you two ready to go?
Layla heard Sami and Salima arguing.
We can still get money of we keep her alive.
Layla didn't say anything.
Layla tried to talk to Sami.
Why is Layla doing this?
I need to go the bathroom.
Sami started hitting Layla on the head.
Sami started taking Layla's clothes off.
Layla had never had sexual intercourse before.
Layla is fifty now.
Layla heard Sami say that.
Layla is going to kill Sami.
Layla drove very far from where she lived.
Layla opened a door.
It smelt musty.
The cabin smelt musty.
Layla's room smelt musty.
Layla was trying to escape.
Layla didn't do anything to Sami.
Layla left Sami with Salima.
Layla liked the party.
Layla knew it was Sami.
Layla knew Sami's voice.
Sami started violating Layla.
Layla was at the mercy of her captors.
Layla heard the door slam open.
Layla heared the door slam.
Layla was waiting for someone to come get her.
Layla's parents don't like Sami.
Layla was so mad.
Layla just got crazy.
Sami started hitting Layla.
No one came to help us.
Layla was relieved and happy.
I was ready to die.
Layla stood up.
Layla would be back any minute.
We were expecting a big boom.
Layla started running.
Layla heard about the kidnapping.
Layla saw it on the news.
We're so glad Layla is alive.
We won't let them kill you.
I'm gonna go get some help.
Layla heard a knock on the door.
They're not here for you.
We're here to help Layla.
Layla came in.
Layla thought Sami had money.
Layla didn't want to leave the house.
Being with my family is everything.
Anyone who believes that what is written in a holy book is true even if the evidence is against it is dangerous. Christianity used to be the most dangerous religion. Now Islam is.
I do not envy the people at the White House.
Did he reveal classified information?
She went off script.
It serves him right.
For the vast majority of native speakers of a language, what matters is to be competent to communicate in their language.
Layla's e-mails have gone unanswered.
Layla's hope is fading.
Are you an interior decorator? Because when I saw you, the entire room became beautiful.
You may fall from the sky, you may fall from a tree, but the best way to fall... is in love with me.
Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I walk by again?
On a scale from to 10, you're a 9... And I'm the you need.
Did you just come out of the oven? Because you're hot.
You're so beautiful you made me forget my pick up line.
Do you have a Band-Aid? Because I just scraped my knee falling for you.
Are you a camera? Because every time I look at you, I smile.
Are you a magician? Because whenever I look at you, everyone else disappears.
If I were a stop light, I'd turn red every time you passed by, so I could look at you a bit longer.
I was blinded by your beauty. Now, I'm going to need your name and phone number for insurance purposes.
I think something's wrong with my eyes, because I can't take them off you.
If I got a nickel for everytime I saw someone as beautiful as you, I'd have five cents.
Are you Google? Because I think I've found what I've been searching for.
Kissing burns calories per minute. How about a workout?
Are you a parking ticket? 'Cause you've got fine written all over you.
If I were a cat I'd spend my lives with you.
Variability is one of the virtues of a woman. It avoids the crude requirement of polygamy. So long as you have one good wife you are sure to have a spiritual harem.
Was your dad a boxer? 'Cause you're a knockout!
Layla has a machete for protection.
Layla changed trains.
Layla crossed into the US border illegally.
When should we meet?
Was your dad a thief? Because he stole all of the stars in the sky and put them in your eyes.
Tom built a sandcastle. Mary then trampled it.
How does one build a whole castle using 14th century technology?
The trip will take a day if all goes well.
"Are you scared?" "Not a bit."
German men don't know how to flirt.
Tom is an industrial engineer.
The whole modern world has divided itself into Conservatives and Progressives. The business of Progressives is to go on making mistakes. The business of Conservatives is to prevent the mistakes from being corrected.
Mary bought so many things that it took her ten trips to bring the stuff from the garage into her house.
In the game Battlefield you can buy a rental server.
They are almost within reach.
Tom will need the support of both of us.
I was afraid that I might be recognized.
Tom used to hang out with a bunch of bikers.
Don't you think you could've done that?
Don't you think Tom could've done that by himself?
I tried really hard to get here on time.
Tom told me he didn't know where Mary lived.
Don't you think you can do that for us?
You should tell Tom that Mary is able to do that.
I think you're going to like being here.
Tom thought he was going to win the contest.
Aren't you ever going to do that again?
Tom wondered why Mary didn't know how to do that.
I think you should go there by yourself.
Tom ran to his bedroom and slammed the door.
You should try doing that by yourself.
Tom wondered why Mary didn't ask John to do that.
Would you like to know more about that?
Tom promised Mary he wouldn't smoke anymore.
We've been asked not to do that again.
Tom told me he wouldn't be able to do that today.
Would you like to hear something funny?
Tom needs some help finding a place to live.
They told me we couldn't do that here.
Tom told me he wanted me to learn how to do that.
Would you like to have a drink with us?
Do you think Tom will let me borrow his car?
I wish that you would quit doing that.
Tom told Mary that he didn't want her to do that.
We're going out for a walk after lunch.
Tom's girlfriend has an unusual first name.
I thought that I'd be able to do that.
Tom said he thought Mary was unlikely to do that.
We seem to like the same kind of music.
Tom wouldn't allow Mary to enter the house.
I think you shouldn't do that anymore.
Tom knew Mary told John she was going to do that.
That's not what we discussed in Boston.
Tom went to the market to buy some oranges.
I think I'd like to do that right now.
Tom knew Mary couldn't do that without some help.
Mary gave birth to a healthy baby girl.
Tom went to bed without brushing his teeth.
I don't know if I can do that anymore.
Tom isn't very likely be punished for doing that.
I'd like to know who donated the money.
Tom was standing in the middle of the road.
I didn't think I'd be able to do that.
Tom had no idea why Mary was planning to do that.
I wish that I could've helped you more.
Tom said he hoped that Mary would help him.
Don't you want to know how I did that?
I'm sure Tom would appreciate it if you did that.
I think we should get something to eat.
Mary was the only girl Tom had ever kissed.
Don't you want me to help you do that?
I'm not going to do that unless Tom does it, too.
I think it's unlikely that will happen.
I think it's too early to go over to Tom's.
You don't do that very often, do you?
I thought Tom wasn't going to be able to do that.
I hope that you can get that done soon.
Wouldn't you like to see Tom's references?
We hope that you don't do that again.
I think you ought to ask Tom to help you do that.
Why would anyone be interested in this?
Tom was home with Mary when that happened.
They won't allow you to do that here.
I doubt that Tom will be punished for doing that.
Why would anyone be interested in that?
Tom wanted to see the inside of the house.
I thought I would be able to do that.
You ought to tell Tom to do that more carefully.
Why haven't you been to Boston lately?
Tom told me he didn't know Mary very well.
I think we're going to do that today.
Would you like to know who asked Tom to do that?
We hope that it doesn't rain tomorrow.
Tom thought Mary wouldn't likely be there.
I don't plan to do that anytime soon.
Tom wished he hadn't asked Mary to quit doing that.
Mary gave birth to a healthy baby boy.
Tom noticed that Mary was winking at John.
Don't you want me to do that for you?
Tom will very likely be punished for doing that.
Is that all you guys ever think about?
Tom noticed that Mary was looking at John.
Don't you think I could've done that?
Tom wasn't the one who told Mary not to do that.
I'd like to know who you gave that to.
Tom is still recovering from his injuries.
Do you think you can do that by 2:30?
Tom told Mary that he wouldn't enjoy doing that.
I wish I had the kind of job you have.
Mary is the only girl Tom has ever kissed.
Aren't you still planning to do that?
Tom realized that Mary wasn't likely to do that.
I was in the house when that happened.
I thought Tom would ask Mary to marry him.
You know how much I hate doing that.
Tom knew Mary told John to ask Alice to do that.
Tom is waiting for someone to come get him.
Tom is waiting for someone to come pick him up.
Tom is waiting for someone to pick him up.
Tom is waiting for someone to do that for him.
Tom has been waiting all morning for someone to do that.
Tom has been waiting all morning for someone to help him.
Tom has been waiting all morning for someone.
Tom has been waiting all morning for Mary to get here.
Tom has been waiting all morning for Mary to help him.
Tom has been waiting all morning for Mary.
Is it possible to know what happened to you?
Tom waited all day, but Mary never came.
Could you tell me what happened to Tom?
Please tell me what happened to Tom.
Tom had no idea why Mary wasn't happy.
Do you think the police will ever find out what happened to Tom?
Do you think the police will ever find out who killed Tom?
Do you think the police will ever find out who stole your car?
Do you think Tom will ever kiss Mary?
Do you think anybody knows why Tom did that?
Tom is the most evil person I have ever met.
Tom is the ugliest person I've ever met.
Tom is one of the kindest people I know.
Tom is one of the friendliest guys I've ever met.
I was afraid that I might get injured.
I think it's too late to go over to Tom's.
You don't need to do that right now.
Tom knew Mary couldn't do that without his help.
I think you're going to enjoy it here.
Yesterday Tom went to the park with Mary.
We were told never to do that again.
Tom had no idea why Mary didn't want to do that.
I think it's a worthwhile thing to do.
Tom wouldn't allow Mary to drive his car.
I'm going to do that sometime today.
Tom didn't know Mary had never done that before.
I think I'll go to Boston next summer.
Tom will take care of buying the tickets.
I was asked whether I could do that.
I think you ought to ask Tom to stop doing that.
I think I won't go to school tomorrow.
Tom thought Mary wouldn't likely be busy.
I think it would be hard to do that.
I think you ought to ask Tom to do that for you.
You know how much I hate living here.
Tom thought Mary wasn't going to be here.
I think it would be easy to do that.
You should tell Tom that Mary wants to do that.
Would you like to have pizza tonight?
Tom thought Mary wasn't a natural blonde.
I think doing that would be foolish.
Tom was the one who taught Mary how to do that.
Would you like to go to the hospital?
Tom thinks I need to eat more vegetables.
I think I'll not be able to do that.
Tom told Mary that he wouldn't want to do that.
That's what you suspected, wasn't it?
Tom sang a song I had never heard before.
I think I wouldn't enjoy doing that.
Tom thought he was going to be able to do that.
Shouldn't you still worry about that?
Tom realized that Mary was getting tired.
I suspect you don't need to do that.
Tom said he thought Mary was likely to do that.
Is there anything else that you need?
Tom obviously wanted someone to help him.
I don't like it when people do that.
Tom knew Mary said she wasn't going to do that.
Is that all you guys can think about?
Tom left Mary a few days after Christmas.
I can't believe I agreed to do that.
Tom isn't the one who told Mary not to do that.
I wish that I hadn't done what I did.
I thought Tom would ask Mary to the prom.
Don't you want to know who did that?
Tom isn't the one who taught me how to do that.
I used to live in a mountainous area.
I thought Tom would ask Mary to help him.
Don't you want to do that right now?
Tom isn't the one who showed me how to do that.
I turned over and went back to sleep.
Would you like to go to Boston with Tom?
Do you think they'll let us do that?
Tom isn't likely to tell Mary he can't do that.
I try to go to Boston whenever I can.
Will you be spending Christmas with Tom?
You never could do that, could you?
Tom has been trying to do that for a long time.
I thought the bridge might be unsafe.
Whatever you do, don't let Tom see this.
Tom had no idea why Mary wanted him to do that.
I think you ought to be more careful.
Tom will have time to help you tomorrow.
You didn't do that for me, did you?
Tom didn't realize that Mary wanted to do that.
I think that's what needs to be done.
Tom told me that you like playing chess.
You aren't allowed to do that here.
Tom didn't know Mary thought he should do that.
You know how much I hate doing this.
Tom thought he was going to be punished.
Would it be OK with you if I did that?
Tom can do that better than anyone else I know.
What's the first thing we should do?
Tom thinks I should eat more vegetables.
When did you decide not to do that?
I think it's unlikely Tom will want to do that.
Tom sounds like a native French speaker.
We hope that you can do that today.
I can't believe Tom agreed to do that with you.
Is that all you wanted to say to me?
Tom showed up at Mary's party uninvited.
They won't let you do that here.
When did you decide not to let Tom do that?
I'll have time to help you tomorrow.
Tom said that, but I think he was wrong.
I wish that I could do that better.
Tom wondered why Mary didn't enjoy doing that.
I wish that I hadn't gotten married.
Tom refused to let Mary enter the house.
I think you ought to do that today.
Tom was the one who convinced Mary to do that.
Tom's a stiff-necked old man.
Most women mellow as they age.
"But I'm 55." "Don't worry. Most women mellow as they age."
Layla didn't get along with Sami.
I'm sorry, Layla. Sami is gone. He passed away. There's nothing we can do.
Enjoy your life.
Layla was tried for murdering her brother.
Layla's reputation was in tatters.
Layla escaped a jail term.
Layla and Sami lived together and split expenses.
You're a worthless husband. I hate you.
Layla and Sami lived under the same roof.
Take a step back, evaluate what is important, and enjoy life.
Layla was a woman with a complicated past.
Sami was found frozen to death in his truck.
"Can I see Sami?" "No, you can't see him. He has already been cremated."
Layla died of cancer in July 2006.
Layla and Sami separated and split their small assets.
Layla and Sami rebuilt their friendship.
Layla slept in the guest room.
"Who was that?" "It's just a friend."
I'm Layla, Sami's wife.
"I'm Sami's wife." "You mean ex-wife."
I'm Sami's wife. Please don't call him again.
Stay away from my husband.
"Who is that?" "I'm Sami's wife and please stay away from my husband."
The chemotherapy left Layla almost deaf.
Layla only had one leg.
Sami frequently beat Layla.
Layla had a black eye.
Sami gave Layla a black eye.
Sami made Layla suffer.
In the bedroom Tom and Mary only speak French.
Layla was a pretty woman.
Be quiet and let me think.
"How is the weather there?" "It's nice."
Leyla payed for the cab.
You need a good brain if you want to write good stories.
Did she give you her telephone number?
You drink too much!
Layla was very charming and soft-spoken.
Layla was Sami's wife number three.
Layla had an abusive childhood.
I should never have married a nerd like you.
It's not Layla who needs protection. It's Sami.
Scoundrel!
Linda is getting married.
Layla joined the long list of Sami's ex-wives.
Layla wasn't just cunning. She was also violent.
Mary strives after a trip to the Moon.
Why do they live here then?
This week the weather was very unpredictable.
Layla married her husband number four, Sami Majid, in 2002.
A hundred thousand Vietnamese refugees would not have been a problem.
Vietnamese refugees would not have been a problem.
Layla carried that gun with her at all times.
Sami lived off Layla's salary.
What is said in the family stays in the family.
Layla felt she was wronged.
Layla made Sami pay.
Layla ran a private practise in her home.
Layla had a degree in psychology.
Layla created a fantasy world.
To impress her gang, Layla ran over a deer.
Layla hired a dog trainer.
Layla's life too a turn for the better.
Layla answered Sami's ad.
Layla and Sami began a sexual relationship.
Layla was going to Egypt to take a course.
Layla was gone for four months.
I was afraid that I might be killed.
Tom promised Mary he wouldn't leave her.
I think we've all done that before.
Tom tried to convince Mary to quit doing that.
I used to live not to far from here.
Tom needs to renew his driver's license.
I think more people should do that.
Tom told Mary that he didn't enjoy doing that.
I tried to move the piano by myself.
Tom might've been the one who told Mary.
I think doing that would be stupid.
Tom promised Mary he wouldn't do that anymore.
I thought I wasn't going to be late.
Tom met Mary when he was in high school.
I think I won't be able to do that.
Tom knew Mary was unlikely to want to do that.
I think you're going to like Boston.
Tom met Mary through one of his friends.
I don't plan to ever do that again.
Tom doesn't have enough time to do that today.
I think we're all going to be there.
Tom lived on Park Street for many years.
I don't feel like doing that today.
Tom didn't realize that Mary couldn't do that.
I think there's a market for that.
Tom doesn't seem to be trying very hard.
Do you want us to help you do that?
Tom asked Mary why she didn't want to do that.
I think that I'll leave early today.
Does Tom know why Mary doesn't like him?
Do you want me to do that with you?
I think you could get Tom to help you do that.
Would you like to know what we did?
You never know what to expect from Tom.
Do you think you can do that today?
I think we should never let Tom do that again.
We stayed home because of the snow.
Yesterday, Tom's sister went to Boston.
Did you ever find out who did that?
You won't be able to convince Tom to do that.
We all worked together on the farm.
Yesterday was Tom's thirtieth birthday.
I'm not going to do that with you.
You should tell Tom that you want to do that.
Mary was the only girl in the room.
Wouldn't you rather stay here with Tom?
I'd like to know why you did that.
You ought to tell Tom not to do that anymore.
Mary was the only girl in the club.
Would you like to see Tom's references?
I was told never to do that again.
Tom wondered why Mary didn't want to do that.
Mary and Alice are identical twins.
Try to see it from Tom's point of view.
I think that I'm going to do that.
Tom wondered why Mary didn't like doing that.
Last summer, we went to Disneyland.
Tom wouldn't allow Mary to do anything.
I think it's too early to do that.
Tom wasn't the one who asked Mary to do that.
I wish that I could do this better.
Tom was driving in the wrong direction.
I think doing that would be crazy.
Tom told me he thought Mary couldn't do that.
I was kind of disappointed with it.
Tom wanted to see what was in the cave.
I think I'd like to do that today.
Tom told Mary that he didn't want to do that.
I thought I was the one you wanted.
Tom thought Mary would likely be there.
I never thought I'd do that again.
Tom told Mary that he didn't like doing that.
I think you should go there by car.
Tom thought Mary was going to help him.
I hope that you can do that today.
Tom thought Mary wouldn't be able to do that.
I think we made the wrong decision.
Tom realized that Mary wanted to leave.
I don't plan to do that by myself.
Tom thought Mary already knew how to do that.
Would you like to hear my opinion?
Tom promised Mary he wouldn't hurt her.
How would you go about doing that?
Tom said he hoped that Mary wouldn't do that.
Would you like for me to help you?
Tom never made it back home last night.
Don't you think you could do that?
Tom knows Mary isn't likely to do that today.
What have you been doing all week?
Tom has never worked a day in his life.
Did Tom force you not to do that?
Tom knew that Mary didn't do that on purpose.
Mary can't have any more children.
I wish that I could've helped Tom more.
Aren't you going to do that today?
Tom knew Mary told John she couldn't do that.
Let's go to the aquarium tomorrow.
I think that I'll play tennis with Tom.
Aren't you going to do that again?
Tom isn't likely to let Mary do that for him.
So what's the weather like in hell?
I saw you with Layla.
You're cheating on me.
Sami was a hopeless womanizer.
Layla and Sami were having an affair.
Layla's affair with Sami cost her her marriage.
Sami's affair with Layla reached his wife's ears.
Sami promised to marry Layla.
He was accused of obstruction of justice.
I call for the impeachement of the President of the United States of America.
That's on the front page of every newspaper this morning.
Layla was angry with all white people.
Layla hated white people.
Layla vented her frustrations in her diary.
Layla didn't have friends.
I'm gonna call the police on you.
Layla called the police on Sami.
Sami unloaded his tools.
Stay with me, Layla. The ambulance is coming.
Stay with me, Layla. Please don't leave me.
Stay with me, Layla. Please don't die.
Layla's letters revealed the extent of her racism.
Layla wanted a war against whites.
What turned Emma into a racist?
What turned an educated and highly successful person like Emma into a racist?
Layla's future looked bleak.
Layla was dark, short and heavy-set.
Layla was really jealous.
Layla developed a true passion for Sami.
When this poison is ingested, it basically burns you from the inside out.
Layla was complaining of pain.
The poison was eating Layla from the inside out.
Layla was jealous of Sami's daughter.
Layla really enjoyed the milk.
Layla complained of pain.
Layla complained of nausea.
Layla was suffering badly.
Layla was determined to make sure the truth came out.
Layla needed all of Sami's attention.
Layla didn't want to share her love for Sami with anyone.
Layla's innocent looks masked her true nature.
Layla and Sami lived in the same flat.
Layla wanted to be a nurse.
Any money Layla made went up in smoke.
Layla had a fairly good job.
Layla and Sami barely knew each other.
Layla put on a sun hat.
Layla managed to crawl to the doorway.
Books are the bees which carry the quickening pollen from one to another mind.
Layla threw a blanket over Sami's body.
How could you just go shopping and leave the baby home lone?
Layla's brutal murder horrified the quiet community.
Layla is on an early release program.
The lucky discovery of a good book could change the fate of a soul.
Pacifists are like sheep who believe that wolves are vegetarians.
Do not pray for an easy life, pray for the strength to endure a difficult one.
Mary needs both our support and our love.
A man with white hair is like a house with snow on the roof. It is by no means clear that there is no fire in the stove.
Many people are lonely simply because they build dams instead of bridges.
The middle of the night is already the beginning of a new day.
He is not the friend of a woman who can be her lover.
Geniuses have something beautiful: they resemble everybody but no one resembles them.
When I arrived, everyone was sitting at the table drinking tea.
My father is not sick. He is healthy.
I did not call you, but Tom.
I did not call you.
It was not I who called you. It was Tom.
Will you show the way?
In the next world, we'll sleep off.
Mario speaks English fluently.
I wish that you were here with me.
I think Tom is pretty good at baseball.
Would you like for me to do that?
I think you could get Tom to do that for you.
I wish that I were there with you.
You should tell Tom that you love him.
Who asked you to stop doing that?
I think that I'm going to ask Tom to do that.
I wish that I could've eaten more.
Tom wouldn't let Mary enter the house.
We should do that again sometime.
I think Tom needs to be shown how to do that.
I wish that I could've been there.
Tom went inside the convenience store.
They told me not to do that here.
I think I wouldn't enjoy doing that with Tom.
I was afraid that I might be late.
Tom wasn't expecting Mary to like him.
I've done that many times before.
I didn't think Tom would ask Mary to do that.
I tried to be as quiet as I could.
Tom wasn't expecting Mary to help him.
I wish that you wouldn't do that.
You should tell Tom that Mary won't do that.
I thought it was a very good idea.
Tom wasn't expecting Mary to be there.
I wish that I could've done that.
You should tell Tom that Mary can't do that.
I think that's what we need to do.
Tom was obviously trying not to smile.
I thought everyone could do that.
When did you decide to allow Tom to do that?
I think that's likely the problem.
Tom wanted to see what was in the box.
I thought I'd be able to do that.
Tom wished he'd never asked Mary to do that.
I think someone's in the basement.
Tom wanted to apologize to Mary again.
I thought I was going to do that.
Tom wasn't the one who told Mary to do that.
I never thought I'd do this again.
Tom told me that you're a good singer.
I think it's too late to do that.
Tom wasn't able to convince Mary to do that.
You aren't allowed to smoke here.
Tom thought he was going to be killed.
I think doing that wouldn't help.
Tom told me he wanted to do that by himself.
Would you like to hear some more?
Tom thought Mary was going to be here.
I think doing that would be good.
Tom told me he wanted me to stop doing that.
Would you like to hear my theory?
Tom thought Mary was a French teacher.
I think I won't enjoy doing that.
Tom told me he wanted me to do that for him.
Why haven't you been here lately?
Tom said he doesn't want to kiss Mary.
I know you didn't do that for me.
Tom said they wouldn't allow him to do that.
Why do you want to sell your car?
Tom often attends medical conferences.
How would you suggest doing that?
Tom said he doubted that Mary would do that.
What have you been doing all day?
I wish that I could've seen Tom dance.
Have you ever actually done that?
Tom said Mary wouldn't allow him to do that.
We should've done this yesterday.
I think you could get Tom to help you.
Did someone force you to do that?
Tom knew that Mary wasn't likely to do that.
Our wives went shopping together.
What do you think Tom is doing today?
Tom knew that Mary told John not to do that.
I'm sorry I stepped on your foot.
Tom will be punished for what he did.
Are you going to help me do that?
Tom knew Mary didn't really want to do that.
I wish that I could speak French.
Tom wanted to get back to the office.
You're not allowed to do that here.
Tom isn't the one who asked Mary to do that.
I was kind of worried about that.
Tom tried to be as quiet as he could.
Tom isn't likely be punished for doing that.
I was born in a mountainous area.
Tom thought that Mary was attractive.
You don't need to do that today.
I'm sure Tom could teach you how to do that.
I value your help and friendship.
Tom thought he was going to be fired.
Would you like to do that again?
I was told that Tom doesn't need to do that.
I try not to even think about it.
Tom spoke with the company president.
Who told you to stop doing that?
I think it's unlikely Tom will ever do that.
I was not the one who called you. Tom did it.
I wasn't the one who called you. It was Tom.
It wasn't me who called you. It was Tom.
I didn't call you. Tom did.
I trust we understand each other.
Tom says he likes the way Mary sings.
We've been asked not to do that.
I think Tom needs to be told not to do that.
I thought the nightmare was over.
Tom said everything he wanted to say.
We were told to stop doing that.
I don't think I'd enjoy doing that with Tom.
I thought the ending was perfect.
Tom refused to let Mary in the house.
Thank you for doing that for me.
I didn't think Tom would be able to do that.
I thought that was a great story.
Tom needs to tell Mary what he wants.
Don't you think Tom will be able to do that?
I thought it wouldn't rain today.
I think you ought to ask Tom to help.
I've never been able to do that.
You should tell Tom that Mary will do that.
I thought it was perfectly clear.
I think Tom is pretty good at sports.
I try to do that whenever I can.
Tom wished he hadn't asked Mary to do that.
I thought it was a very bad idea.
I think Tom is pretty good at French.
I think that I'll do that today.
Tom will likely be punished for doing that.
I thought it was a terrible idea.
Would you rather stay here with Tom?
I think that I'll do that later.
Tom wasn't the one who asked me to do that.
I thought I was going to be rich.
Would you like to know what Tom did?
I think I won't like doing that.
Tom told me he thought he couldn't do that.
I thought I could've done better.
What does it look like Tom is doing?
I don't plan to do that anymore.
Tom told me he couldn't do that by himself.
I think you guys did a great job.
What do you think Tom did yesterday?
I don't know if I could do that.
Tom thought Mary wouldn't enjoy doing that.
I think we've been here too long.
Tom wouldn't take his eyes off Mary.
Don't you want to do that again?
Tom promised Mary he would stop doing that.
I think we're in for a good show.
Tom wouldn't let Mary drive his car.
Don't you think you can do that?
Tom needs to do that before he can go home.
I think we're having a good time.
Tom was very popular in high school.
Do you think I ought to do that?
Tom knew that Mary wasn't going to do that.
I think we had a tremendous year.
Tom used reverse psychology on Mary.
Did anyone force you to do that?
Tom knew that Mary was unlikely to do that.
I think we could all use a break.
Tom thought that Mary was beautiful.
Can I get you to do that for me?
Tom isn't the one who wanted me to do that.
I think we can make a difference.
Tom thought he was going to be shot.
Aren't you too tired to do that?
Tom isn't the one who told Mary to do that.
I think those are valid concerns.
Tom sometimes puts honey in his tea.
Aren't you the one who did that?
Tom has been trying to do that all morning.
I think this is money well spent.
Tom said he left his wallet at home.
When did you decide to do that?
Tom had no idea why Mary wished to do that.
I think this is a waste of money.
I think we should ask Tom to resign.
We hope that you don't do that.
Tom had no idea why Mary wanted to do that.
I think that's made a difference.
I think it's unlikely Tom will help.
We can only do that on Mondays.
Tom doesn't do that like most people do it.
I think that's an excellent plan.
I think Tom is a pretty good artist.
Is it OK with you if I do that?
Tom doesn't do that as often as he used to.
I think people will be surprised.
You know Tom much better than I do.
I'll start doing that tomorrow.
Tom asked Mary why she disliked doing that.
I think our guys did a great job.
Yesterday Tom went to Mary's house.
I wish that I hadn't done that.
I'm sure Tom would like it if you did that.
I think it's my neighbor's fault.
Tom's shirt was covered with blood.
I was told not to do that here.
I'm sure Tom would hate it if you did that.
I haven't yet met anyone with whom I'd want to spend the rest of my life.
You're crazy if you think I'm going to learn French in month.
This music has something in itself, which fills my heart with sweet melancholy.
Let me die in peace.
According to some reports, the explosion took place inside a black metal toolbox; according to others, inside a garbage can.
The gestation period of an elephant is almost two years.
Layla was buried alive.
Get in that hole.
Only a few survive this.
I can see so much light ahead of me.
Layla was fourteen then.
Layla ate popcorn.
Come in, Layla.
I cannot believe this.
I was done with school at noon.
Layla never rode the bus before.
Layla speaks Arabic at home.
Everybody was happy.
Everybody was noisy.
Layla was happy because she was going home.
Sami's van was parked in the driveway.
Layla should shut her mouth.
You should shut your mouth, you know?
Layla was in big trouble.
Layla was in trouble.
Take your ass back there.
Move your ass away.
I was just shocked.
Layla ran off the road.
Layla held the gun.
I want you all in the back.
I want you all in the back of the bus.
Layla peed in her pants.
Sami was so scared.
Layla would not lie to Sami.
Layla never saw Sami again.
I can't tell you when.
You'll see Mommy and Daddy again.
Don't worry, sweetheart, you'll see Mommy and Daddy again.
Layla parked her car.
Layla wants to go home.
Layla was scared and I was scared, too.
The door flew open.
Layla has been gone a long time.
Layla didn't come back.
Layla is coming back.
Layla is back.
Layla didn't scream.
Layla can't do this.
Layla can't give you this.
Why did Layla take her purse?
What's your name, boy?
What's Layla's phone number?
My heart just went down into my stomach.
Are we going to die?
Everybody was alive.
Everybody was down there.
Everybody was there except Layla.
Sami tried to bury Layla alive.
Layla was being buried alive.
We still didn't know what was going to happen next.
This is what my made me cry.
I didn't say goodbye to my mom.
I knew it was going to hurt Layla.
I knew it was going to hurt Layla, yet I did it.
That's what made me cry.
Layla opened her eyes.
Sami was raised as a cowboy.
Layla climbed the ladder.
There was a plywood board there.
Layla found a plywood board in the basement.
Layla tried to remove the plywood board.
Layla dropped Sami off at school.
I wanna make tonight a perfect night.
Layla was really scared.
Sami was a Navy veteran.
Layla and Sami wanted a dream date.
Layla was excited to see Sami again.
Layla was an incredible girl.
Layla was a perfect girl.
Layla was so sad.
Layla and Sami canceled tonight's date.
Let's make tonight a perfect night.
Let's go see this movie.
Sami was in Layla's bedroom.
Layla was forgiving.
Layla and Sami were perfect for each other.
Layla and Sami were making out.
Sami waited in the parking lot.
Layla was waiting outside the movie theater.
That's where Layla and Sami met.
Layla went to a Halloween street party.
Layla caught Sami's eye.
Layla couldn't resist flirting.
Could you take a picture of me and my friends?
Keep the picture.
Layla just kept walking.
Our relationship was perfect.
We were the perfect pair.
Layla and me were the perfect pair.
Layla walked in there.
Layla realized she had forgotten her purse in the car.
Layla forgot her purse in her car.
Layla went to get her purse.
Layla walked to the parking lot.
Layla ran to the parking lot.
Layla couldn't wait for the movie premiere.
Layla started looking around.
Sami dressed up as Batman.
Layla was wearing an odd hat.
Layla stood in the left-hand corner of the room.
Layla realized what was happening.
The gunmen opened fire.
Sami was in the military.
Sami pushed Layla down behind the seat.
Everybody is confused.
Layla was heading Sami's way.
The gunman is heading our way.
The movie was full of realistic special effects.
The gunman opened fire with his assault rifle.
People were running over each other. It was complete chaos.
Layla had a strange sensation.
Have I been shot?
Layla was not so lucky.
Tell Mom that I love her.
Tell Layla that I love her.
You'll live and tell her that yourself.
My brain went to work.
Layla was unresponsive.
Layla left her cellphone in her car.
Layla was looking for her cellphone.
Layla's purse was empty.
The classroom was empty.
The library was empty.
Layla was dressed in black.
Layla stopped dead in her tracks.
I'm not going that way.
Layla didn't want anyone to hear her.
Why is Layla still here?
Layla was determined to go back into the burning house and find Sami.
Am I gonna die?
Layla was wounded.
They released Sami from the hospital.
Layla had to wash her hands four times to get rid of the blood.
Layla's shirt was on Sami's bed.
Layla was deceased.
Layla saved our lives.
Don't leave me yet.
Don't leave me yet, Layla.
You think that the universe moves around your ass.
I wanna live my own life.
I'm not a people-pleaser.
Everybody thinks I'm an asshole.
I made some really good progress.
I can share this with you.
It's OK if some people think you're an asshole.
I moved here from Egypt.
I moved here in 1990.
I started going to school here.
I learned quickly.
I was born in Egypt.
I always thought that I wasn't normal.
What does that person think about me?
What does that girl think about me?
What do they think about me?
How do I look like?
What do they think about my English?
What does the teacher think about me?
Our teacher is an asshole.
I don't give a shit about what they think about me.
Layla was trying to be a people pleaser.
Who cares what people think?
Why was that happening?
Layla wanted to be loved.
This teacher is a careless asshole.
This teacher is a careless asshole and a cold-hearted monster.
I don't care about the opinions of other people.
How could a teacher be so judgmental?
How could a teacher be so cold-hearted?
How could a teacher be so insensitive?
How could a teacher be so heartless?
How could a teacher be so cruel?
Our English teacher likes to make fun of us.
Our English teacher likes to ridicule us.
This is the meanest English teacher I've ever seen.
The teacher had a negative image of me.
I'm not trying to please the teacher.
Our English teacher likes to make caustic comments.
Don't expect this teacher to give you any compliment.
It's OK for someone to think that you're an asshole.
It's OK if the teacher ridicules you.
It's OK if the teacher makes fun of you.
Don't worry, she's a bright young thing, she'll manage her way into the world.
Please read the manual and hypothesize possible outcomes.
The beautiful Russian spy got all her intel through pillow talks with American diplomats.
I don't give a fuck about what the English teacher thinks about me.
Don't sacrifice yourself for other people.
Layla is a threat to public safety.
Is that a new tattoo on your neck?
You can still do it.
I wanna be a writer now.
People learn differently.
This phone is expensive.
The resolution on this phone isn't very good.
This phone is pretty cheap.
This phone has a great resolution.
That monitor is expensive.
That mouse is expensive.
That keyboard is expensive.
Take this ribbon.
Take this hat.
Take the money.
Take this briefcase.
Take the book.
Take the phone.
I bought a used phone.
This phone is pretty inexpensive.
Those who openly declare themselves to be his enemies do not survive for very long afterwards.
I want to buy him a present.
I want to buy her a present.
I hope he likes my present.
I hope she likes my present.
It was so sweet of you to buy me this.
It was so sweet of you to buy this for me.
Don't fall for his scam.
Don't fall for her scam.
He's trying to scam you.
She's trying to scam you.
It's a pyramid scheme.
Do you know what a pyramid scheme is?
Let me explain what a pyramid scheme is.
Pyramid schemes are scams.
It's a get-rich-quick scheme.
There is an whole industry based entirely on preying upon financially vulnerable individuals.
It is an unethical industry.
In my opinion, that industry shouldn't even exist.
That industry shouldn't exist.
I can show you how to make thousands of dollars per day while working from home.
Programs that claim to help you make large amounts of money for little or no work are almost always scams.
I am not a con artist.
I'm not a con artist.
The information he provides is useful, but he wildly exaggerates its importance and also charges an arm and a leg for it, when it can be found in any inexpensive book on the subject.
It is no exaggeration to say that we are living in dangerous times.
It is no exaggeration to say that such events are unprecedented in this country.
This sets a dangerous precedent.
If I let you do it, then everyone else will want to be allowed to do it too.
They struggled to meet their deadlines.
It was a tight deadline, but they pulled through.
The window was shattered.
The intruder shattered the window.
There was a pool of blood on the floor.
The intruder escaped.
To this day, the crime remains unsolved.
What can I do to protect myself if someone breaks into my house?
What can I do to protect myself and my family if someone breaks into my house?
Guns can save your life.
Guns can be life-savers when used properly.
Guns kill more people than they save.
Guns save more people than they kill.
We need more guns.
Guns should be banned.
It should be illegal to own a gun.
I suspect that's not what you meant.
I suspect you dropped this.
What's my password again?
What's the password again?
Tell me the password.
Do it, or I'll kill you.
The password is 12345.
The garbage truck is here.
The bus is here.
The cab is here.
The taxi is here.
The cab's here.
The taxi's here.
The garbage truck's here.
Allow me to prove my worth.
You shall fight to the death.
The sword split his skull in twain.
The grass was covered in his brains.
That is an extraordinarily stupid idea.
Give me your sword.
Give me your bow.
Give me the arrow.
Give me the wand.
Give me the armor.
Give me the helmet.
Today, we ride into battle.
They want to kill us all.
We cannot allow them to butcher us like sheep.
We must exterminate them.
The fire killed all the rats.
Rats carry diseases.
Bats carry diseases.
Dogs carry diseases.
The dog has rabies.
The dog must be shot.
The lion must be shot.
The bear must be shot.
The tiger must be shot.
It must be killed.
We must kill it.
It must die.
It cannot be allowed to terrorize the populace any longer.
It's a dragon.
Dragons flew in the sky, raining down fiery death and destruction on the hapless villagers.
Why are you learning that language? They all speak English anyway.
Why are you learning that language when they all speak English anyway?
There's no need to learn that language. They all speak English.
Sometimes it seems to me as though everybody in the world speaks English.
I find it difficult to find people to speak with who don't know English.
Layla is forbidden fruit. She's married.
I think it's mutually beneficial.
Tom's bicycle was stolen yesterday.
I was happy to do that for you.
I'm sure Tom could show you how to do that.
I think it's definitely worth it.
Tom wouldn't survive a day in jail.
I was asked if I could do that.
I think we shouldn't let Tom do that again.
I think it's a really good thing.
Tom wouldn't let Mary in the house.
I tried really hard to do that.
I don't plan to do that when Tom is around.
I think it's a little concerning.
Tom was talking to Mary about that.
I think we're going to do that.
You should tell Tom that Mary can do that.
I think it would be a lot of fun.
Tom was in a meeting all afternoon.
I think I did that really well.
Tom told me he wanted to do that tomorrow.
I think it was handled perfectly.
Tom wanted to get back to studying.
I never learned how to do that.
Tom told me he thought Mary could do that.
I think it made a big difference.
Tom tried to unfasten his seatbelt.
I didn't feel ready to do that.
Tom thought Mary wouldn't want to do that.
I think everything has been fine.
Tom tried to diffuse the situation.
Did anyone know how to do that?
Tom thought Mary wouldn't like doing that.
I think everyone is very excited.
Tom thought that Mary was innocent.
Could we do that one more time?
Tom thought Mary would likely not do that.
I think I handled it really well.
Tom thought Mary wasn't very funny.
Can we count on you to do that?
Tom thought Mary would be able to do that.
I think I agree with all of that.
Tom realized the mistake he'd made.
Are you going to do that today?
Tom knew that Mary didn't want to do that.
You aren't allowed to swim here.
Tom realized that Mary was unhappy.
Are we allowed to do that here?
Tom knew Mary wouldn't be able to do that.
You aren't allowed to park here.
Tom realized that Mary had fainted.
Anyone can do that if they try.
Tom knew Mary couldn't do that on her own.
Would you like to join my group?
Tom never worked a day in his life.
Will we be allowed to do that?
Tom knew Mary couldn't do that by herself.
Would you like to go to the zoo?
Tom managed to jump out of the car.
We should never do that again.
Tom isn't the one who asked me to do that.
We hope that you don't get hurt.
I didn't do the same thing Tom did.
We never asked you to do that.
Tom isn't likely to allow Mary to do that.
I've been really sleepy all day.
Tom's response was unsatisfactory.
We can do that again sometime.
Tom has been asked to never do that again.
I was in Boston for a long time.
Tom's face was covered with blood.
It'll be very hard to do that.
Tom asked Mary why she enjoyed doing that.
I was a teacher for a long time.
Tom studied psychology in college.
It'll be very easy to do that.
I thought Tom wouldn't be able to do that.
I think we're going to be there.
Tom paid Mary to babysit his kids.
I'm not ever going to do that.
I think we're going to ask Tom to do that.
I think we had a very good year.
Tom managed to jump off his horse.
I'd like to know who did that.
I think we shouldn't allow Tom to do that.
I think we can win today's game.
I wish that I could've helped Tom.
I think you shouldn't do that.
I didn't think Tom would enjoy doing that.
I think we can be there on time.
I thought everyone here liked Tom.
I think doing that would help.
Tom told me that he hadn't done that yet.
I think that's a fantastic idea.
I think Tom needs to be told that.
I think I'll enjoy doing that.
Tom told Mary that he enjoyed doing that.
I think I won't like being here.
I hope that you and Tom get along.
Do you want us to do that now?
Tom thought Mary wouldn't likely do that.
He wants to retaliate.
Some birds eat seeds and fruits, others insects or worms.
Being full is: completely satisfying the desire to appease your hunger.
He's hard to satisfy.
A rose in a painting is often a symbol of love.
The rose is one of the first sent to be used in perfumery.
In all eras, the rose, queen of flowers, has fascinated mankind.
Berlin is a symbol of union between East and West.
Mary is expecting a girl.
Mary is expecting a boy.
You are not allowed to ride your bike on the sidewalk.
Get up, Mary.
Traveling costs money, which is why I stay at home.
Thomas was born in São Paulo in Brasil.
I see a dog.
They say German people live to work and French people work to live.
My mother was a very good cook. Unfortunately my wife isn't!
Do you think there's a big difference between countries?
Where the night ends a new day starts.
You can't smoke in public places anymore.
Tom's father left his family.
No one is defending my country.
I must admit, your idea was way better than mine.
I must take responsibility for my mistakes.
We're going on a trip to the South of France.
Don't worry. I'll keep one of my dog's pups for you.
Guess who's coming for dinner tonight.
Two witnesses saw him roaming around the farm the night of the crime.
Beware! The fox is roaming around the chicken coop.
Someone is roaming around the house.
What came first: the egg or the chicken?
Life is not always a walk in the park.
I don't know where my aunt lives.
It's cold, I must take a coat.
Stop! You're not allowed to park here.
"Where are you from?" "I come from England."
What are you doing tonight, Tom?
I'm your father's colleague.
May I introduce myself? My name is Tom.
It's my glass.
My coat has eight pockets.
If I was rich I'd buy a house by the sea.
Stop dreaming and help me!
My father taught me how to ride a bike.
Ouagadougou is the capital of Burkina Faso.
If this damn parrot doesn't stop screaming now I'll break its neck.
Words won't bring bread on the table.
The goal of this walk was to tire us.
You must recognize your failure.
All work has been carried out by experts.
The owners of the apartment performed all the work themselves.
We insisted that he go there.
That was points.
Oh, yeah?
For the sake of living things, please do not play around with the water.
Preserve life; please don't waste water.
No leaping over.
One step forward is a step forward for civilization.
One step forward is a step towards civility.
Watch out for the drop.
It is everyone's duty to cherish cultural relics.
Cherish our cultural relics; it is all our duty.
Why won't you be here tomorrow?
Wouldn't you like to go with Tom?
Did Tom force you to do that?
Tom thought Mary wasn't going to do that.
Where's the nearest drug store?
Tom wouldn't allow Mary to drive.
Could we try to do that again?
Tom said he had no choice but to do that.
Where's the closest drug store?
Tom will probably come home soon.
Aren't you sorry you did that?
Tom isn't likely to tell Mary to do that.
Where else are you going to go?
Tom wasn't expecting to get paid.
Aren't you allowed to do that?
Tom is never going to be able to do that.
What's the first thing you did?
Tom was the only boy in the room.
Why won't you do that for me?
Tom has to do that before he can go home.
We should've done this earlier.
Tom wanted to get out of the car.
Who asked you not to do that?
Tom has been told to never do that again.
Sooner or later, everyone dies.
Tom tried to fasten his seatbelt.
They wouldn't let me do that.
Tom felt confident that he could do that.
Online dating can be dangerous.
Tom thought that Mary was pretty.
I'm not going to do that now.
Tom doesn't do that the same way I do it.
I've been really tired all day.
Tom thought that Mary was guilty.
I try not to do that anymore.
Tom didn't know Mary had never done that.
I wish that I hadn't said that.
Tom thought Mary was from Boston.
I think you ought to do that.
Tom asked Mary why she wanted to do that.
I was just thinking about that.
Tom thinks that Mary is innocent.
I think doing that was wrong.
I think that I'll do that later with Tom.
I thought I heard an explosion.
Tom said he was looking for help.
I don't plan to ever do that.
I think Tom is pretty good at doing that.
I think we've been cooperative.
Tom needs to stay here with Mary.
I don't plan to do that today.
I didn't think Tom would like doing that.
I think we should get involved.
I thought everyone here knew Tom.
I don't plan to do that here.
Do you think Tom will be able to do that?
I think we need to change that.
Does Tom know why you left early?
Don't you want me to do that?
Tom told me that he'd already done that.
I think that'll happen someday.
Yesterday Tom caught three fish.
Tom told me he'd never done that before.
I think that'll change one day.
What does Tom do in the evening?
Can you try doing that again?
Tom told me he thought he could do that.
I think it'll be a busy winter.
Tom will go to Boston next week.
Can you do that or can't you?
Tom thought Mary would enjoy doing that.
Would you like to work for us?
Tom wasn't able to protect Mary.
Are you the one who did that?
Tom said he didn't feel like doing that.
Would you like to hear a joke?
Tom was too shy to say anything.
You didn't do that, did you?
Tom knows how much Mary hates doing that.
Would you like to go together?
Tom wanted to get out of prison.
You can't do that in Boston.
Tom knew that Mary told John to do that.
We don't know what's going on.
Tom tried to get out of the car.
Who told you not to do that?
Tom knew Mary said she wouldn't do that.
We can do this again sometime.
Tom told me he didn't know Mary.
It won't be hard to do that.
Tom knew Mary said she going to do that.
That won't be difficult to do.
Tom thought Mary was very funny.
I wish that I could do that.
Tom knew Mary didn't plan on doing that.
Please keep all your receipts.
Tom said he was in love with me.
I wasn't allowed to do that.
Tom knew Mary didn't do that on purpose.
All the doors are wide open, but there is no draft.
All the doors are open, but there is no draft.
Judging by the degree of decay of the remains, the horse was shot about a week ago.
The Americans turned into the great defenders of human rights just at the time when they were done with the rights of their Indians.
I would never speak to you that way.
I would never have told you that.
I would never have thought that the murderer was the butler.
If I were you, I would not have asked him about it.
I would not ask if I knew the answer.
I would not ask you if I were not interested.
I would not have asked you if I was not interested.
If I knew the answer, I would not ask you.
I would not have called you today, but there was a problem.
In another situation, I would never have called you so late, but it's urgent.
My husband passed away three years ago, and my hands are still looking for him at night.
The silence was so absolute that it nearly pressed on my ears.
Remaining unnoticed, Tom watched closely the camp and its inhabitants.
Layla rebelled against authority.
Layla wanted a fresh start.
I belong to that kind of people who can be either on top or at the bottom.
The silence was so pressing that Tom could hear the beating of his heart and the thudding of blood in his temples.
He walked with a quick, springy step.
The dawn surprised the travelers in the confines of the desert steppe.
Tom poured hot, sweet, fragrant tea out into the cups.
I wish that I weren't married.
Tom needs to renew his passport.
Could we do that once again?
Tom knew Mary didn't do that by herself.
I was told to be here by 2:30.
Tom needs to pay his rent today.
Can we try doing that again?
Tom had no idea why Mary didn't do that.
I thought it would rain today.
I wish that I hadn't kissed Tom.
Aren't you still doing that?
Tom doesn't like it when Mary does that.
I think I'll enjoy being here.
Yesterday, Tom studied all day.
Were you forced to do that?
Tom doesn't do that like most people do.
You know that I hate spinach.
Tom wrote to Mary this morning.
I won't ever do that again.
Tom didn't feel he was ready to do that.
Write to me if you need help.
Tom went to the mall with Mary.
I was asked not to do that.
Tom can do that better than anyone else.
We hope that you can help us.
Tom was hurt by what Mary said.
I think doing that was fun.
Tom asked Mary why she liked doing that.
These batteries are all dead.
Tom wanted to get back to work.
Are you sorry you did that?
Tom asked Mary why she hated doing that.
I've been very busy all week.
Tom thought Mary would be busy.
You should try doing that.
I wish that I could've seen Tom do that.
I wish that I wasn't married.
Tom thought Mary was in Boston.
Why haven't you done that?
I thought Tom wouldn't enjoy doing that.
I wish that I had some money.
Tom thinks that Mary is guilty.
Who forced you to do that?
I thought Tom would ask Mary to do that.
I wish I had a higher salary.
Tom thinks I need to help Mary.
I was told not to do that.
I think you ought to ask Tom to do that.
I was in Boston at that time.
Tom swims as well as Mary does.
I thought I did that well.
Don't you want to know how Tom did that?
I was completely overwhelmed.
Tom said what he wanted to say.
I thought I could do that.
You should tell Tom that you won't do that.
I think we made a difference.
Tom said he wasn't from Boston.
I think that I'll do that.
You should tell Tom that you can't do that.
I think that was the problem.
Tom obviously needed some help.
Can we get you to do that?
You know how much Tom hates doing that.
I think I'll like being here.
Tom and Mary want a big family.
You did that, didn't you?
When did you decide to let Tom do that?
I think I must've dreamed it.
I think Tom complains too much.
Who did you do that with?
Tom wondered why Mary wouldn't do that.
We hope that doesn't happen.
Would you like to go with Tom?
We hope that you do that.
Tom told me he wanted to do that today.
Mary left her purse at home.
Tom wouldn't allow Mary to go.
Thank you for doing that.
Tom told Mary that he wouldn't do that.
I'll start my diet tomorrow.
Tom was thrilled to meet Mary.
Let's do that once again.
Tom told Mary that he liked doing that.
I tried to get here on time.
Tom thought Mary wasn't happy.
Could you do that for us?
Tom thought Mary would want to do that.
I thought it was a bad idea.
Tom thought Mary wasn't funny.
You never could do that.
Tom thought Mary would like doing that.
I think you should go there.
Tom thinks I should help Mary.
Who did you do that for?
Tom said they wouldn't let him do that.
I think that's pretty clear.
Tom says he has a stomachache.
We never did that again.
Tom said Mary wouldn't let him do that.
Lulled by the cart's waggling and dead tired, Tom fell asleep.
The question is somewhat biased.
I'm completely devoid of illusions about this.
When the phone rang, Tom already knew who was calling.
"I'm investigating the crimes". "Like Sherlock Holmes?" "Something like that".
"Enough!" "I want more!"
Albinism cases in turtles have already been reported.
I prefer unrefined sugar rather than consuming sweeteners.
People who do not have children tend to anthropomorphize their pets.
He never reads newspapers.
It is raining today.
Now the rules of the game have changed.
Yesterday it was raining.
Mary's brother fell from a wall and could not move.
I have a day job only so I can have money for my hobbies.
Have you ever thought about taking up knitting?
You should take up knitting.
I'm going to take up knitting.
He's a lot better at it than I am.
She's a lot better at it than I am.
She is a lot better at it than I am.
He is a lot better at it than I am.
I don't hold a candle to him.
Give me that shield.
Give me the shield.
I have no shield.
I need a shield.
It's a magic potion.
This liquid can raise people from the dead.
Kill the zombies.
Kill all the zombies.
The house is surrounded by zombies.
Show me how to get there.
Can you show me how to get there?
He's a nobody.
She's a nobody.
He is a nobody.
She is a nobody.
It is astonishing to what lengths they will go to augment their already enormous amounts of wealth.
Why do they work so hard to make more money, when they already have practically unlimited wealth?
He talks like someone who's only been exposed to the language in books.
They are thugs.
They're thugs.
I suggest you back off.
Free them.
Free it.
Free her.
Free him.
We must liberate them.
We must free them.
The uprising was violently suppressed.
The uprising failed to achieve its objectives.
The movement quickly disintegrated as a result of infighting.
We're starving and homeless, but at least we got rid of all the foreigners.
Xenophobia is a waste of energy that could be spent on far more useful endeavors.
They stole our jobs.
Are we going to let them steal our jobs?
He is unfamiliar with the colloquial register of the language.
Push.
Pull.
Pray.
Pray!
Let us pray.
We must pray to God.
God will save us.
Have mercy on us.
We have sinned.
No sin is too great for God to forgive.
I have never met a more sinful man.
I have never met a more sinful person.
I have never met a more sinful woman.
Their depraved lifestyle repulsed me.
None of them could answer my question.
None of them could answer my questions.
He was unable to answer my question.
She was unable to answer my question.
Salt the earth.
Put some salt on it.
Put some ice on it.
It's quite an easy language.
No one could understand him.
No one could understand her.
I love sex.
I am uninterested in sex.
I'm uninterested in sex.
Pepper spray is illegal here.
Guns are illegal here.
A country cannot truly be considered free if it does not allow its citizens to own firearms.
In that language, adjectives and nouns are inflected for gender.
This prison is a disgrace.
The government is controlled by corporate interests.
Thousands of people have died as a result of the influence of arms manufacturers on politicians.
It is hypocritical to protest the consumption of dogs while being supportive of eating cow meat.
What's wrong with eating dogs?
Why are you okay with eating cows, but not dogs?
How is eating a dog any different from eating a cow?
You say you oppose the consumption of dog meat.
These silly Westerners get all up in arms about Asians eating dogs, but ridicule those who criticize meat-eating in general.
Eating a dog is no different from eating a cow.
You say it is acceptable for cows to suffer, because they are unintelligent.
Suffering is suffering, no matter how unintelligent the victim may be.
Nazis are marching in the streets.
We all live under the same sky, but we do not have the same horizon.
Give me one good reason why I should eat cows rather than dogs.
These people eat dogs.
I would like to point out that not all of us are like that.
Only a monster would eat dog meat.
What kind of a monster would eat dogs?
Their consumption of dog meat is no more barbaric than your consumption of cows and chickens.
My sister's brother is not my brother. Why is that?
What's the difference between a typical owl and a barn owl?
In Mexico there are many poor neighbourhoods.
The notes of that song have a sweet melancholy that penetrates my heart.
In February the lizard leaves the hole.
The Blessed are beautified, the saints are sanctified and rats are ratified.
I think it'll be a busy week.
Tom didn't expect to get paid.
I was forced to do that.
Tom might've been the one who did that.
Would you like to hang out?
You know how much I hate Tom.
I hope that you do that.
Tom knows Mary can't do that very well.
We're going out for a walk.
Yesterday was Tom's birthday.
I don't plan to do that.
Tom knew Mary wasn't likely to do that.
The document was in French.
What's Tom going to do today?
I do that for the money.
Tom knew Mary told John not to do that.
Mary is kind of attractive.
Tom was thrilled to see Mary.
Could we try to do that?
Tom knew Mary didn't intend to do that.
I've been busy all morning.
Tom was obviously in a hurry.
We never could do that.
Tom isn't likely to be able to do that.
I wish that I weren't here.
Tom was arrested at his home.
I was asked to do that.
I'm sure Tom would want you to do that.
I was hoping you'd be here.
Tom tried to unlock the door.
Can you do that for us?
I thought Tom wouldn't like doing that.
I thought I heard gunshots.
Tom thought Mary was a nurse.
Who does that anymore?
I thought Tom would be able to do that.
I thought I did a good job.
Tom says he dreams in French.
Which of you did that?
I think we should force Tom to do that.
Is that really your fault?
Tom needs to be here by 2:30.
I've done that before.
I think it's unlikely Tom will do that.
I wish that I wasn't here.
I wish that I hadn't hit Tom.
I was told to do that.
I don't think Tom will want to do that.
I think we've been polite.
I did the same thing Tom did.
I was able to do that.
Do you think Tom would allow Mary to do that?
I think we should give up.
Tom wouldn't let Mary drive.
I never could do that.
Tom tried to convince Mary to do that.
I think we ought to go in.
Tom went to the supermarket.
Who did that for you?
Tom thought Mary would likely do that.
I think I would like that.
Tom swam as far as Mary did.
Can we do that later?
Tom thought Mary was going to do that.
Where should we go first?
Tom said he was from Boston.
Can we do that again?
Tom said he wasn't allowed to do that.
Where can I study French?
Tom retired three years ago.
May I do that later?
Tom promised Mary he wouldn't do that.
Where can I learn French?
Tom never made it back home.
Let's do that later.
Tom needs to tell Mary not to do that.
What should we eat first?
Tom's father is a smuggler.
Can we do that here?
Tom knows Mary didn't do that for him.
This car is not for sale.
Tom wasn't easy to talk to.
I tried doing that.
Tom knew Mary wasn't going to do that.
That won't be hard to do.
Tom wants you to help Mary.
Don't you do that.
Tom knew Mary was unlikely to do that.
That won't be easy to do.
Tom thought Mary was funny.
Have you ever thought about doing that?
You just have to know how to help.
She has eyes like no one has ever seen.
Tom took antibiotics three times a day every eight hours for ten days.
He has tried to impede an official investigation.
There was a rhythm in my sleep. When I woke up, I had lost it. Why did I leave the abandonment of myself, in which I lived?
You have to take it all into context.
In contrast to "lernen", the German verb "studieren" means a deeper appropriation of knowledge.
Tom likes to make fun of Mary.
Tom seems to like to make fun of everybody.
How could Tom be so cruel?
How could Tom be so heartless?
How could Tom be so insensitive?
How could Tom be so mean?
How could Tom be so cold-hearted?
How could Tom be so judgmental?
I moved here in 2013.
I moved here last October.
I moved here from Boston.
We still don't know what's going to happen next.
We still don't know what Tom is going to do next.
We still don't know what Tom wants us to do next.
I can't tell you when that's going to happen.
I should never have married you.
I should never have married Tom.
The trip will only take a day if all goes well.
I'm going go get some help.
The cabin smelled musty.
Nothing happens around here after midnight.
Tom was unable to answer my question.
Tom was unable to answer Mary's question.
Tom wasn't able to answer my question.
Tom is a lot better at it than I am.
Tom is a lot better at it than Mary is.
Tom is hard to satisfy.
Tom wasn't satisfied with the way I did that.
Tom was so mad.
Aren't you sad?
How can Tom help?
Are you retired?
Is Tom on a diet?
Aren't you done?
Tom dressed well.
Aren't you rich?
Tom dresses well.
Aren't you sure?
Tom is three now.
Aren't you a cop?
Tom left at 2:30.
Aren't you loyal?
Will Tom do that?
Aren't you lucky?
I heard Tom leave.
French isn't easy.
Tom didn't scream.
Aren't you all mad?
Tom kept swimming.
Aren't you anxious?
Tom does that, too.
Aren't you doctors?
Tom parked his car.
Aren't you furious?
Tom went to Mary's.
