Aren't you in pain?
I hope Tom is there.
Aren't you insured?
I know Tom did that.
Aren't you jealous?
I saw Tom in Boston.
Aren't you over 18?
This is Tom's house.
Aren't you psyched?
Tom did that for me.
Aren't you psychic?
Tom drove all night.
Aren't you related?
Tom grew suspicious.
Aren't you retired?
Tom is always tired.
Aren't you sisters?
Tom said I did that.
Aren't you worried?
Tom saved our lives.
I lost my passport.
Tom will go do that.
I'm Mary's husband.
Did Tom do that well?
Aren't you Canadian?
Did Tom ever do that?
Aren't you Catholic?
Tom bought a red car.
Aren't you a lawyer?
Tom counted to three.
Aren't you a parent?
Tom did that, not me.
Aren't you a priest?
Tom emptied the sack.
Aren't you a singer?
Tom is a student, too.
Aren't you brothers?
Tom is avoiding Mary.
Aren't you finished?
Tom isn't doing that.
Aren't you freezing?
Tom only has one leg.
Aren't you homesick?
Tom will do that now.
Aren't you new here?
Who made Tom do that?
Aren't you prepared?
Aren't you dating Tom?
Aren't you students?
Aren't you happy, Tom?
Aren't you underage?
Aren't you mad at Tom?
Aren't you ready, Tom?
Don't you want help?
Can Tom do that today?
Can Tom still do that?
Don't you want soup?
Did Tom do that today?
Don't you want that?
Has Tom done that yet?
Don't you want this?
Is Tom in the kitchen?
Maybe I can do that.
Maybe Tom can do that.
Aren't you a student?
That's all Tom can do.
Aren't you a teacher?
Tom bit his lower lip.
Aren't you all alone?
Tom drove around town.
Aren't you all ready?
Earth is made of heaven. Lies have no nest. No one ever got lost. Everything is truth and way.
My being lives in Night and Desire, my soul is a memory that is in me.
Intelligence is the ability to adjust to changes.
In Tatoeba you learn in the most effective way possible — by example.
As a student of history, I also know the debt which civilization owes to Islam. It was Islam, which — at Al Azhar University and other places — carried the light of knowledge through so many centuries, and thus paved the way for the Renaissance and the Enlightenment.
It can be that the sentence does not sound natural, though it is correct.
If he dies, we will face serious difficulties.
My name will be great among the nations.
I will speak in the anguish of my spirit.
I do not like to sit idle.
I regularly run in the park.
Go away! I don't want to hear your voice anymore.
Go away! I won't listen to you any longer.
Go away! I don't want to hear you again.
My father builds bridges.
In order to assess the future of the stock, we must observe the nerves, hysteria, and even the digestion and weather sensitivity of each person upon whose actions this investment is dependant.
The most important thing for a person to know is his true self.
Deep inside your heart, nurture benevolence for everything that exists!
My smartphone is stupid.
We perform eighty percent of our actions unconsciously.
There are seven people in my school.
Everybody had advice for her.
The woman is talking non-stop.
He wasn't listening to her.
Nothing changes from beginning to end.
She is a talkative person.
She goes back on her word.
"They're bad people. They eat dogs." "So? You eat cows, and I'm friends with you. I don't see the problem."
According to him
He wasn't at all satisfied.
He doesn't give her any support.
The woman said that she would like to work herself.
Do you recognize the handwriting on these two sheets?
Do you know whose handwriting it is?
Do you know what these documents are?
Tom didn't seem to be listening to Mary.
Tom invited Mary over.
Aren't you alone now?
Tom is always at home.
Aren't you bored yet?
Tom just kept driving.
Aren't you coming in?
Tom was thirteen then.
Aren't you from here?
Tom will do that, too.
Aren't you in a band?
What made Tom do that?
Aren't you my friend?
Where did Tom do that?
Aren't you on a diet?
Why can't Tom do that?
Aren't you ready yet?
Will Tom ever do that?
Aren't you still mad?
Are Tom and Mary twins?
Aren't you surprised?
Aren't you helping Tom?
Aren't you the mayor?
Can Tom do that for us?
Aren't you tired now?
Did Tom do that to you?
Aren't you two happy?
Don't you do that, Tom.
Do you still do that?
Has Tom ever done that?
Don't you want a job?
Let's write Tom a note.
Don't you want proof?
Maybe Tom will do that.
Don't you want sugar?
The baby's name is Tom.
Don't you want these?
This worried Tom a lot.
Maybe we can do that.
This worries Tom a lot.
We do that every day.
Tom deserved the award.
Aren't you a bachelor?
Tom did that, not Mary.
Aren't you a musician?
Tom didn't forget Mary.
Aren't you about done?
Tom doesn't have a son.
Aren't you better now?
Tom has a heavy accent.
Aren't you frightened?
Tom is able to do that.
Aren't you guys ready?
Tom is heading our way.
Aren't you happy here?
Tom is paid to do that.
Aren't you having fun?
Tom isn't very popular.
Aren't you hungry yet?
Tom just kept swimming.
Aren't you in a hurry?
Tom said Mary did that.
Aren't you registered?
Tom was really jealous.
Aren't you scared now?
Tom will do that again.
Aren't you sleepy yet?
Tom will do that alone.
Aren't you still busy?
Tom will do that later.
Aren't you still cold?
Aren't you two hungry?
Tom's wallet was empty.
Could you sing for us?
Where does Tom do that?
Don't you want to eat?
Who forced Tom to do that?
I can't give you this.
Who helped Tom do that?
We did that last week.
Will Tom do that today?
Are you getting hungry?
Would Tom ever do that?
Are you getting sleepy?
Aren't you Tom's friend?
Are you sick of me yet?
Aren't you Tom's lawyer?
Aren't you a policeman?
Aren't you Tom's mother?
Aren't you a sophomore?
Aren't you angry at Tom?
Aren't you about ready?
Aren't you proud of Tom?
Aren't you comfortable?
Aren't you retired, Tom?
Aren't you coming back?
Can Tom do that himself?
Aren't you from Boston?
Can you do that for Tom?
Aren't you guys hungry?
Tom is a talkative person.
I'm a black American and I'm proud of it.
I chose the most convenient flight: in the evening we fly out, in the morning we will be there.
You can't make what has happened go away.
You need to hire an criminal defense lawyer.
It's nearly certain that the truth will come out.
If you want to sit, bring yourself a chair.
I knock on the door – no answer.
File download completed.
Finally, the "File Download Completed" window popped up.
The rose speaks all the languages of the world.
That which is the end of the world to the caterpillar means the whole world to the butterfly.
Everyone is insane, each in their own way.
How do you know when to stop?
If current trends continue, the language will likely die in the near future.
Languages are a source of valuable scientific data.
Languages are valuable subjects for scientific research.
Language death is loss of precious scientific data.
Are all languages related?
Give me that camera.
Fly.
Clap.
Clap!
Clap your hands.
See?
Do you see what I'm pointing at?
I can't quite pinpoint his accent.
I can't quite tell where his accent is from.
I'm unfamiliar with that accent.
When a language dies, valuable scientific data disappears forever.
The girl remains lost.
The boy has been kidnapped.
The girl has been kidnapped.
We have not found the boy.
We have not found the girl.
We haven't found the girl.
We haven't found the boy.
The boy was kidnapped.
The girl was kidnapped.
He was kidnapped.
She was kidnapped.
They were kidnapped.
The kidnappers have not been found.
The kidnappers were convicted and executed.
Throw it.
That language used to have a lot more speakers.
The language is in decline.
The language is in no danger of dying out.
The sculpture has been lost.
The sculpture was destroyed.
The statue was destroyed.
The statue has been lost.
A statue was discovered.
A sculpture was discovered.
He is a dictator.
She is a dictator.
She's a dictator.
He's a dictator.
I refuse to be a dictator.
I refuse to be your puppet.
I will serve my country faithfully.
He was kicked out of the party.
Everyone pretended they forgot his birthday.
He didn't expect the surprise party.
The gifts were wonderful.
You should be more open-minded.
The article really made me think.
It challenged my preconceived notions.
It demolished all the arguments in favor of the proposal.
The argument was severely flawed.
The argument is severly flawed.
The argument is fundamentally flawed.
The argument was fundamentally flawed.
No one believed that such a thing could happen.
They refused to believe it.
He refused to believe it.
She refused to believe it.
This pillow is very uncomfortable.
This pillow is uncomfortable.
He's a picky eater.
She's a picky eater.
He is a picky eater.
She is a picky eater.
Why are there so many Chinese people?
Why are there so many Indians?
I love India.
I love China.
They have an inherently violent culture.
Their culture is inherently violent.
The only way to lift them out of poverty is by forcibly reeducating them and destroying their backwards language and culture.
I don't care what the color of your skin is.
It makes no difference to me what the color of your skin is.
I like the color of your skin.
You have the same skin color as me.
Xenophobes base their worldview on hating certain groups of people. I, on the other hand, hate all groups of people.
They despise other nationalities. I despise all nationalities.
They despise other countries. I despise all countries.
They hate certain ethnic groups; I hate all ethnic groups.
I'm not a xenophobe, because I also hate my own ethnic group.
I hate both foreigners and my countrymen.
They hate foreigners; I hate everybody.
They only hate foreigners, while I hate everybody.
They view foreigners with suspicion; I view everybody with suspicion.
It is unfair that only women have to suffer the pain of childbirth.
They view foreigners with suspicion; I view everyone with suspicion.
He doesn't have object permanence yet.
She doesn't have object permanence yet.
They don't have object permanence.
Sit.
Sit!
Live.
Live!
Breathe.
Breathe!
Breathe in.
Breathe out.
Inhale.
Exhale.
If conversion therapy worked, I would go for it.
I'd love to be able to change my sexual orientation.
Your sexual orientation is not something you can change.
Tom sent the letter to an address that does not exist.
This is his last letter.
No more than two hours have passed.
No more than two days have passed.
The malcontents repeatedly protested in the streets this Spring.
Public opinion has been sharply divided into supporters and opponents.
It is difficult to summarize all the steps by which, in seven years, Orbán builds a regime where the people become less free, more dependent on the state, more nationalistic and protectionist.
My father occasionally allows me to go with him to his office.
Have humans become slaves to digitalization?
At the age of months the child learns to distinguish ordinary surroundings from foreign surroundings.
It's always the fault of other people.
Being a communist is not a crime.
Were you guys serious?
Were you all serious?
The boy has a bicycle.
Slowly his eyes adjusted to the darkness.
Why are you just always the same stubborn jackass, Tom?
Don't fear slow progress, only stagnation.
Knowledge is a treasure that goes everywhere with its possessor.
Those who know don't speak much; those who speak don't know much.
There are many ways to the peak of a mountain, but the view remains the same.
One generation builds the street that the next will travel on.
I firmly believe that one cannot play any sort of hero without humility. Arrogance is reserved for the villains.
Let me know if you change your mind.
We'll find you another lawyer.
He has a nice face.
Tom is antisocial.
Patience begins when you think you don't have it.
Tom was boiling up with a fever and hallucinating.
Tom was unable to hold a job or live by himself.
Tom is the youngest of five brothers.
What the media does is nothing but brainwashing.
My house is next door to Tom's house.
Two figures did not match.
All the figures matched.
The building is being demolished.
I had never thought I was ever going to be this successful.
I have good news and bad news for you. Which would you like to hear first?
The clock struck midnight.
Aren't you kids hungry?
Did Tom do that for you?
Aren't you on the list?
Did Tom do that himself?
Aren't you on the team?
Don't you trust Tom now?
Aren't you on vacation?
Don't you trust Tom yet?
Aren't you ready to go?
I think Tom may do that.
Aren't you still angry?
Is Tom going to do that?
Aren't you still dizzy?
Maybe Tom won't do that.
Aren't you the manager?
Tom apparently did that.
Aren't you two friends?
Tom bakes bread at home.
Aren't you two related?
Tom gave Mary the money.
Can you still do that?
Tom got a life sentence.
Do you two often argue?
Tom has to study harder.
Do you want to go, too?
Tom heard the door slam.
Don't you trust anyone?
Tom is a careful driver.
Don't you want the job?
Tom is doing that again.
Don't you want to come?
Tom is doing that wrong.
I need to buy curtains.
Tom is ready to do that.
I'm sure I can do that.
Tom is three months old.
Mary wore a long dress.
Tom isn't good at chess.
Are you annoyed by that?
Tom knew Mary was crazy.
Are you ready to go yet?
Tom should quit talking.
Aren't you OK with this?
Tom thinks Mary is rich.
Aren't you a vegetarian?
Tom was jealous of Mary.
Aren't you able to swim?
Tom will try to do that.
Aren't you almost ready?
Was Tom able to do that?
Aren't you disappointed?
What if Tom did do that?
Aren't you exaggerating?
Why doesn't Tom do that?
Aren't you finished yet?
Will Tom do that for us?
Aren't you free tonight?
Are Tom and Mary cousins?
Aren't you going to pay?
Aren't you Tom's brother?
Aren't you good at math?
Aren't you afraid of Tom?
Aren't you here to help?
Aren't you and Tom close?
Aren't you scared of me?
Aren't you expecting Tom?
Aren't you still afraid?
Aren't you scared of Tom?
Aren't you still hungry?
Did Tom agree to do that?
Aren't you still scared?
Did Tom do that for Mary?
Aren't you still single?
Did Tom do that recently?
Aren't you still sleepy?
Did Tom say he'd do that?
Aren't you their mother?
Did you help Tom do that?
Aren't you two brothers?
Does Tom still like Mary?
Doing that is too risky.
Does Tom still play golf?
Doing that will be easy.
I told Tom you'd be late.
Doing that will be hard.
I told Tom you'd do that.
Don't you two get along?
Tom survived the crash.
Don't you understand me?
My name is Tom, not John.
Don't you want anything?
This isn't Tom's problem.
Don't you want children?
Tom and I both like jazz.
Don't you want me there?
Tom deserved to be happy.
Don't you want some ice?
Tom drank a lot of water.
Don't you want this job?
Tom drives a black sedan.
Magic tricks are honest lies.
I never thought I was going to be this successful.
I didn't think I was ever going to be this successful.
I didn't think I'd be this successful.
I didn't think Tom was going to be able to do that.
"But I saw you with my own eyes!" "Well, who you gonna believe, me or your own eyes?"
You're a brave man. Go and break through the lines. And remember, while you're out there risking your life and limb through shot and shell, we'll be in be in here thinking what a sucker you are.
Money won't bring you happiness.
Money will not bring you happiness.
I have good news and bad news. Which one do you want first?
Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from a rigged demo.
Sami was realizing that he was gay.
Sami thought that he was gay.
Sami believed that he was gay.
The US used to murder a lot of people because of their color; now we just murder a lot. Shit, we went the wrong way.
Sami dressed in female clothing.
Sami began to grow his hair long.
Sami dressed in female clothing full time.
Sami was using the ladies' room at school.
Sami was beaten up in the boys' bathroom.
Layla was scared to go in there.
Sami is also gay.
Sami and Majid were both gay.
I wonder who'll do that.
Tom had a date with Mary.
Why wouldn't we do that?
Tom had no time to react.
Aren't you a law student?
Tom is going to handle that.
Aren't you a pathologist?
Tom isn't around anymore.
Aren't you a taxi driver?
Tom recommended doing that.
Aren't you allowed to go?
Tom regretted doing that.
Aren't you an only child?
Tom will do that for Mary.
Aren't you dating anyone?
Tom will do that for you.
Aren't you enjoying this?
Tom will do that himself.
Aren't you feeling tired?
Tom will do that somehow.
Aren't you finished here yet?
Tom will have to do that.
Aren't you free tomorrow?
Tom will keep doing that.
Aren't you getting bored?
Tom will let you do that.
Aren't you getting tired?
Tom won't let me do that.
Aren't you going to come?
What did Tom do that for?
Aren't you going to hide?
Who asked Tom to do that?
Aren't you going to sing?
Why couldn't Tom do that?
Aren't you going to wait?
Why does that bother Tom?
Aren't you going to walk?
Why isn't Tom doing that?
Aren't you going with me?
Will you let Tom do that?
Aren't you going with us?
Would Tom really do that?
Aren't you leaving today?
Would Tom try to do that?
Aren't you ready to work?
Are you sure Tom did that?
Aren't you related to me?
Aren't you Tom's daughter?
Aren't you related to us?
Aren't you angry with Tom?
Aren't you satisfied now?
Aren't you jealous of Tom?
Aren't you seeing anyone?
Aren't you married to Tom?
Aren't you still at home?
Aren't you older than Tom?
Aren't you still at work?
Aren't you related to Tom?
Aren't you still married?
Aren't you satisfied, Tom?
Aren't you two musicians?
Aren't you still with Tom?
Aren't you uncomfortable?
Could you do that for Tom?
Aren't you wearing shoes?
Did Tom help Mary do that?
Aren't you wearing my shoes?
I know Tom didn't do that.
It looks like you're wearing my shoes.
I think Tom would do that.
Doing that was a mistake.
Is Tom allowed to do that?
Don't you understand why?
Is Tom willing to do that?
Don't you walk to school?
Tom allowed Mary to drive.
Don't you want some help?
Tom can rest in peace now.
Don't you want the truth?
Tom couldn't open the jar.
I grew up near the ocean.
Tom has a fairly good job.
I hope they don't see us.
Maybe I'll do that today.
Tom is used to doing that.
Why can't I do that, too?
Tom is willing to do that.
Are both of you bachelors?
Tom isn't easy to talk to.
Are both of you still single?
Tom kissed Mary in public.
Aren't you Mary's husband?
Tom doesn't like it when Mary kisses him in public.
Aren't you a baseball fan?
Tom speaks French at home.
Aren't you a psychologist?
Tom will do that for free.
Aren't you a student here?
Tom will do that for sure.
Aren't you a teacher here?
Tom will do that later on.
Layla was crying the entire time.
Layla was starting to feel the guilt.
Layla struggled with her identity.
Sami, a gay teenager, came out to his mother.
A language is a dialect with a radio station.
Sami drove trucks for a concrete company.
Layla struggled to have permanent employment.
Layla wanted to start over with another man.
Layla didn't have a good job.
Layla finally landed a good job.
Layla wanted a good job.
Layla had a secret affair with Sami.
Layla thought it was the perfect plan.
Layla wanted some cash.
Layla needed some cash.
Layla wired some cash to Sami.
Layla sent some cash to Sami.
Layla gave some cash to Sami.
Layla asked for some cash from Sami.
Layla shot Sami in the leg.
Layla and Sami fell in love.
Layla and Sami fell deeper in love.
Layla hijacked a car.
Layla robbed Sami.
Layla and Sami got married two weeks later.
Layla needed to take the car to the mechanic's to get it fixed.
Layla took the car to the mechanic's to get it fixed.
Layla took the car to the mechanic's.
Layla got the car fixed.
Layla fixed the car herself.
Layla can't fix the car by herself.
Layla fired one shot at Sami.
Layla is the woman I love.
Layla is the only woman I love.
Layla was seen in a police car.
Layla finally woke up.
Layla recalled seeing Sami die.
Layla blacked out.
Layla recalled seeing Sami die before she blacked out.
Layla's husband was gone.
Layla dreamed about an idyllic relationship with Sami.
Layla called Sami that morning.
Layla knew more than she was telling us.
Layla probably knew more than she was telling us.
Layla admitted to having had an affair with Sami.
Layla was the star witness in Sami's trial.
Layla had a change of heart.
Layla identified Sami's body at the morgue.
The police had no other evidence against Layla.
Layla took care of her paralyzed husband.
Layla started spending her insurance money.
Layla maintained her innocence.
Layla was looking for a way out.
Parents are totalitarian dictators.
Sami was sexually attracted to Layla.
Layla and Sami texted each other.
I'm not asking you. I'm telling you.
I'm not asking you. I'm ordering you to do that.
Layla was pregnant with Sami's baby.
Layla was afraid for her life.
Layla sat in the car.
Layla didn't know what Sami was going to do.
Layla snatched the phone out of Sami's hand.
Layla cried for help.
Layla was screaming and hollering.
Layla felt bad about that.
Layla felt sorry for Sami.
Layla couldn't do absuletly anything to help Sami.
Layla wasn't about to give up.
Layla was searching for a way out.
Layla searched for a way out.
Layla decided to make the jump.
Layla didn't want to die at the hands of Sami.
Layla crossed the expressway.
Layla lied on the side of the freeway.
Layla lied on the side of the road, motionless.
Layla's plan went off the rails.
Sami threw the gun out the window.
Layla knew that the gun wasn't real.
It hurts so bad.
You look like you manage a construction site.
Layla gave Sami a quick kiss and got out of the car.
Layla gave Sami a quick kiss and got out of the bus.
Layla wanted to rob a bank.
Layla entered the bank.
Layla didn't attract attention.
Layla robbed a bank.
Layla smiled at the bank teller.
Layla made a deposit at the bank.
Layla did as instructed.
Layla planned to rob a bank.
Layla walked briskly to the cab.
Layla was careful not to attract attention.
Layla robbed a substantial amount of money from the bank.
Layla went on a shopping spree.
Layla quickly burned through her cash.
Layla quickly burned through her money.
Layla quickly burned through her insurance money.
Layla quickly burned through the money she had robbed from the bank.
Layla decided to do another robbery.
Layla robbed a bank twenty miles away from her home.
Layla put the money in the sack.
Layla put the money in the bag.
Layla put the money in her purse.
Layla put the money in the trunk.
Layla put the money in the gym bag.
Layla borrowed a gun from Sami.
Layla gave Sami a gun.
Layla gave Sami more money.
Layla drove twenty minutes to a bank downtown.
Layla put the money in a shoe box.
Layla was afraid for Sami's life.
Layla hopped in the car.
Layla hopped in the car and took off.
Layla took a picture of Sami.
Layla was robbing banks.
Layla has been robbing banks.
Layla had no clue that federal agents were hot on her trail.
Layla was an experienced bank robber.
Layla was a seasoned bank robber.
Layla was an expert at robbing banks.
Layla turned herself in to the police station.
Layla realized there was no way out.
It was all Layla's idea.
Layla was charged with conspiracy for bank robbery.
Layla stole a lot of cash from the bank.
Layla wanted to live a fairy tale life with Sami.
Layla was Sami's college sweetheart.
Layla had four children with four different men.
Layla was really sad.
Layla was living a very hard life.
Layla smelt like urine.
Layla ran away from the orphanage to take her chances on the streets.
Layla felt a profound pain.
Layla was a troubled teen.
Layla became a whole different person.
Layla didn't have a job.
Layla wasn't at school.
Layla was doing drugs.
Layla started prostituting for money.
Layla started to develop this "me-against-the-world" mentality.
Layla wasn't connected to anything of real value.
Layla felt in love with a Jamaican-born dealer.
Layla had another payment plan in mind.
Sami knew how to talk to women.
Sami was the ultimate street predator.
Sami, a pimp, was the ultimate street predator.
Layla was desperate to get high.
Sami showed Layla the tenderness she had never experienced.
Sami promised Layla drugs.
Layla couldn't believe her luck.
Layla was damaged emotionally.
Layla came to call Sami "Daddy."
Layla had two sides to her.
Layla unknowingly wandered into a trap.
Layla was looking for love.
Layla wanted love.
All Layla wanted was love.
Layla is just my type.
Layla is just my type of girl.
Layla agreed to swap sex for drugs.
Layla swapped sex for drugs.
Sami has got a nice car.
Sami, a pimp, gave Layla a false sense of feeling secure.
Layla moved in.
Layla sold her body to make some money.
Layla did love Sami.
Layla is different.
Layla is smart.
Layla created a new e-mail address that she used to create a Facebook account.
Sami knocked one of Layla's teeth out.
Although Sami knew that Layla was married and was forbidden fruit, he still wanted to take a bite.
Layla was in no hurry to change her ways.
Layla couldn't take her eyes off Sami.
Layla is the best thing in my life.
Layla is the best thing in this world.
Layla thought that Sami was the best thing in her life.
Layla drove about a mile more.
Layla spelled out her name for the policeman.
He is a smart person. By which I mean, I agree with his opinions.
A person's intelligence often has little to do with the veracity of their opinions.
Layla saw her kids off to school.
Who will save us?
Only we can save us from ourselves.
They saved us, but they could not save us from ourselves.
A person can be very intelligent, yet have many erroneous beliefs.
It is important to recognize the extent of one's ignorance.
It is important to recognize the limits of one's knowledge.
I am unintelligent, but at least I am intelligent enough to know it.
I'm not smart, but at least I'm smart enough to know it.
Those who are ignorant usually believe themselves to be very knowledgeable.
A person can be intelligent, yet very ignorant.
A person can be unintelligent, yet knowledgeable.
Ignorant people are usually very arrogant.
Intelligent people are often arrogant.
Those who are knowledgeable generally recognize how ignorant they really are.
Those who are ignorant generally do not know how ignorant they really are.
Ignorant people often imagine they are more knowledgeable than everyone else.
Wealth breeds arrogance.
I'm ignorant, but at least I recognize the limits of my knowledge.
You are ignorant, yet imagine yourself to be very knowledgeable.
You imagine yourself to be far more knowledgeable than you really are.
We should invent a secret language.
It is easier to speak a foreign langauge if you're not afraid of making mistakes.
If you're afraid of making mistakes in a foreign language, you will often freeze up while trying to figure out the correct way to say something.
You can speak a foreign language more quickly if you're not afraid of making mistakes.
When learning a foreign language, don't be afraid to make mistakes.
They despise foreigners.
They are very xenophobic.
I can't stand his hypocrisy.
I can't stand her hypocrisy.
His opinions infuriate me.
His hypocrisy is infuriating.
Her hypocrisy is infuriating.
Your hypocrisy is infuriating.
I can't stand your hypocrisy.
Am I hypocritical?
Wash it.
Clean it.
If you add sevenths to the chords in this piece, it suddenly sounds very jazzy.
I don't think I'm being unreasonable.
I don't think this is an unreasonable request to make.
I don't think this is an unreasonable request.
I have always treated you with kindness.
I have always treated you with respect.
I've always treated you with respect.
I've always treated you with kindness.
Click on the button.
Click on the link below this video.
Intelligence and knowledge are two very different things.
Intelligence and knowledge are two independent things.
One can be intelligent, but ignorant.
One can be ignorant, but knowledgeable.
Ignorance is not an indication of stupidity.
Intelligence is not an indication of knowledgeability.
His ignorance infuriates me.
Her ignorance infuriates me.
His arrogance infuriates me.
Her arrogance infuriates me.
Your arrogance infuriates me.
What does your shirt say?
We cannot allow these people to steal our jobs.
A pessimist sees the difficulty in every opportunity; an optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty.
The computer stopped working.
The laptop stopped working.
The phone stopped working.
The phone's stopped working.
The laptop's stopped working.
The TV's stopped working.
The television's stopped working.
The TV stopped working.
The television stopped working.
Every challenge is an opportunity.
All I wanted was to conquer the world. Was that too much to ask?
To hell with circumstances; I create opportunities.
There are many quotes that are misattributed to Winston Churchill, Mark Twain, or Albert Einstein, sometimes simultaneously.
Winston Churchill, Mark Twain, and Albert Einstein all have many quotes misattributed to them.
I can't wait to leave this place.
They despise foreigners, but turn a blind eye to the failings of their fellow countrymen.
A good question contains half the answer.
A good question is already half of the answer.
If he dies, we will not escape punishment.
In England you drive on the left.
In Britain you drive on the left.
Tom is confined to a mental institution in Boston.
This stain will never go out.
A life sentence in Indonesia really does mean that you'll be in prison until you die.
Don't you think we should've gone where Tom wanted us to go instead of coming here?
Aren't you able to tell the difference between butter and margarine?
Do you think we should've gone where Tom wanted us to go instead of coming here?
Don't you think your French is good enough to explain the problem?
You know as well as I do that there is zero chance that Tom will do that.
Don't you think you'll be able to solve the problem by yourself?
You know as well as I do that there's no chance that Tom will do that.
Don't you understand the difference between right and wrong?
Did Tom say he didn't think it was a good idea for us to do that?
Did any of you actually do what the teacher told you to do?
You don't really believe that Tom did that on purpose, do you?
Can't you tell the difference between butter and margarine?
Did you ask Tom if he thought he'd be able do that by himself?
Aren't you ever going to tell me what happened that night?
Don't you think we can solve this problem without Tom's help?
You should take the time to read the contract carefully.
You don't really think that Tom did that on purpose, do you?
Don't you think you'll move back to Boston, eventually?
Would you please tell Tom why you don't want him to do that?
Aren't you planning to go Christmas caroling this year?
Do you think Tom would be willing to show me how to do that?
Don't you usually use a pick when you play the guitar?
Do you think Tom was the one who taught Mary how to do that?
Don't you think you could handle this job by yourself?
Did Tom say he thought it was a good idea for us to do that?
Aren't you going to do anything special for Christmas?
Could you please tell Tom why you don't want him to do that?
This is the funniest movie I've seen in a long time.
Are you planning to tell Tom why you wanted Mary to do that?
Don't you think we're better off than we used to be?
You know as well as I do that Tom was the one who did that.
Don't you think we should've stayed a little longer?
Do you think Tom would've done it the same way Mary did it?
Aren't you the only one who has a key to this door?
Do you think Tom will be able to teach Mary how to do that?
Aren't you going to tell me what this is all about?
Did Tom say he thought it was a bad idea for us to do that?
Aren't you going to be at this afternoon's meeting?
Are you really going to spend all Valentine's Day with Tom?
Don't you usually go to the country in the summer?
Are you planning to tell Tom why you wanted him to do that?
Don't you think you speak French better than I do?
Do you think Tom would've enjoyed going to Boston with us?
Don't you think we'll find what we're looking for?
Do you think Tom would like me to show him how to do that?
Aren't you still planning on going back to Boston?
Do you think Tom would do that again if he had the chance?
Aren't you going to vote in the upcoming election?
Did Tom say he thought it was necessary for us to do that?
It doesn't look like you guys are having any fun.
Are you planning to tell Tom why you want Mary to do that?
Aren't you coming to pick me up tomorrow morning?
Are you certain it was Tom who taught Mary how to do that?
Don't you think you speak French better than me?
Are you certain it was Tom who showed Mary how to do that?
Someone told me that you were fluent in French.
Do you remember when Tom said he was planning to do that?
Don't you think we should do something to help?
Are you planning to tell Tom why you want him to do that?
Do you want me to tell you exactly what I felt?
You ought to let Tom know that Mary is going to do that.
Do you think you speak French better than I do?
Wouldn't it be better if Tom did that with someone else?
Aren't you still planning to come to the party?
Would you please tell Tom why you don't want to do that?
Aren't you still afraid something might happen?
I think there's a good chance we'll never see Tom again.
Aren't you going to leave a few cookies for me?
Don't you think you could persuade Tom to join our team?
Aren't you going to go swimming this afternoon?
Could you please tell Tom why you don't want to do that?
Aren't you going to be home tomorrow afternoon?
You don't believe that Tom did that on purpose, do you?
Aren't you doing anything special this evening?
I don't think Tom will ever volunteer to do that again.
Don't you understand how this happened to you?
Do you think Tom would've wanted us to do that for him?
Do you want me to tell you what you did wrong?
Aren't you going to go to Tom's concert tomorrow night?
Do you want me to tell you exactly what I did?
Are you sure it was Tom who taught Mary how to do that?
Do you want me to tell you exactly what I ate?
Are you sure it was Tom who showed Mary how to do that?
Aren't you sorry for what happened last night?
You should let Tom know that Mary is going to do that.
Aren't you going to give us what we asked for?
Wouldn't it be better if Tom talked to Mary privately?
Aren't you going to eat the rest of your stew?
Would you please tell Tom why you want him to do that?
Aren't you going to be in Boston this weekend?
Don't you think we should've talked to Tom about this?
Don't you think your money is safe in a bank?
Do you think Tom would be willing to babysit our kids?
Don't you think you'd like to live in Boston?
Do you think you speak French better than me?
As soon as Tom has finished doing that, he'll go home.
Do you listen to music while you're studying?
Aren't you still convinced Tom was the one who did it?
We'll never be able to get this stain out.
It'll be impossible to remove this stain.
Tom took an aspirin.
Tom had a headache so he took a couple of aspirin.
The bell rang again.
War is not worth it.
He has green eyes and blonde hair.
She has blue eyes and blonde hair.
She has green eyes and blonde hair.
Do not drink too much brandy!
The paprika sauce is also very good! Try it!
Where can all these cars come from?
Let's get some champagne, we must celebrate!
The original edition is great, but the Portuguese translation contains errors.
"That bitch cheated on me." "That shit's fucked up, man."
Fuck that shit.
Fuck that.
Fuck this.
Where did all these cars come from?
Where do you think all these cars came from?
Do you know where all these cars came from?
I think that I'm always under pressure.
Where do you think all these people came from?
Temperature and pressure, please.
Aren't you planning to stay here for a while?
Are you absolutely sure it was Tom you saw doing that?
Aren't you going to take part in the contest?
You won't be able to convince Tom to stop doing that.
Aren't you going to help us tomorrow morning?
You shouldn't tell Tom that Mary is going to do that.
Aren't you going to be on vacation next week?
Would you tell Tom why you don't want him to do that?
Aren't you going to attend the meeting today?
Do you think anyone will care if Tom doesn't do that?
Are you sure you can handle this by yourself?
Do you think Tom would've done something that stupid?
You're not the only one who needs to do that.
Do you think Tom would like it if I did that for him?
Don't you think we should be doing that now?
Do you think Tom really wanted to do that by himself?
Do you listen to music when you are driving?
Did you have any trouble convincing Tom to help Mary?
Cancel all my appointments for this morning.
Could you tell Tom why you don't want him to do that?
Aren't you the one who organized this party?
You ought to tell Tom that Mary is going to do that.
Aren't you the one that asked me to be here?
I doubt very seriously that Tom did that on purpose.
Aren't you going to tell me what's going on?
Do you think Tom would do that if he had the chance?
Aren't you going to go to the party tonight?
Are you quite certain it was Tom you saw doing that?
Aren't you going to go anywhere this summer?
Are you certain it was Tom who told Mary to do that?
Aren't you going to do something about that?
Don't you think you could talk Tom into doing that?
Aren't you going to be at the party tonight?
Don't you think what Tom suggested was a good idea?
You're not the only one who has to do that.
Don't you think we should do something to help Tom?
Don't you understand why this is a problem?
Don't you think we can find someone to replace Tom?
Don't you understand what's happening here?
Don't you think Tom is behind what's happening now?
Don't you three ever go to Boston together?
Do you think Tom would've wanted us to stay longer?
Don't you think you're up to the challenge?
Do you think Tom would like me to help him do that?
Don't you think you'll get married someday?
Do you think Tom could get Mary to stop doing that?
Don't you think we made the wrong decision?
Do you remember when Tom said he wanted to do that?
Aren't you the one who caused the accident?
Did you have any trouble convincing Tom to do that?
Aren't you still planning to quit your job?
Did you ask Tom if he wished to do that by himself?
Aren't you interested in foreign languages?
Did you ask Tom if he wanted to do that by himself?
Aren't you going to go to Boston next week?
Did you ask Tom if he thought he'd be able do that?
Aren't you afraid of losing all your money?
You should tell Tom that Mary is going to do that.
Don't you two have separate bank accounts?
Don't you think you could persuade Tom to help us?
Don't you think you'll be able to help me?
Don't you think we can do this without Tom's help?
Don't you think you'd like to work for us?
Do you think Tom would like me to do that for him?
Don't you think you'd like to work for me?
Did Tom actually do that in less than three hours?
Don't you think we're going to be rescued?
Aren't you the girl Tom has been hanging out with?
Did I hear you say you could speak French?
You ought to let Tom know that you can't do that.
Aren't you usually at home in the evening?
You ought to let Tom know that Mary will do that.
Aren't you still living with your parents?
Wouldn't it be better if Tom did that by himself?
Aren't you happy with your new sports car?
Don't you think you could give Tom a little help?
Aren't you going to tell us what happened?
Do you think Tom really wanted to do it that way?
Aren't you going to tell them who you are?
Do you think Tom knows where Mary studied French?
Aren't you going to tell me what happened?
Do you think Tom knows where Mary first met John?
Aren't you going to eat that piece of pie?
Did Tom say he thought we didn't need to do that?
Aren't you going to do something about it?
Did Tom say he thought we didn't have to do that?
Aren't you going to be home for Christmas?
Did Tom say he thought he didn't need to do that?
Aren't you coming home for dinner tonight?
Did Tom say he thought he didn't have to do that?
Don't you want to come to Boston with me?
Did Tom say he didn't think we needed to do that?
Don't you understand what you have to do?
Could you tell Tom why you don't want to do that?
Don't you understand how serious this is?
Aren't you the one who taught Tom how to do that?
Don't you think you'll get married again?
Aren't you going to tell Tom about what happened?
Don't you think we can get there in time?
Aren't you getting Tom anything for his birthday?
Who is funding the project?
Who's funding the project?
Layla committed a heinous crime for the sake of love.
Layla craved order.
Layla charmed her way into a job.
Layla was looking for love on the Internet.
The firefighters extinguished the fire.
The fire was quickly extinguished by the firefighters.
Layla quickly spotted the source of the odor.
Layla bought a phone for her boyfriend.
Layla gave lots of cash to Sami.
Layla shared an apartment with Sami in Cairo.
Layla fled the scene before the police arrived.
Layla was there for Sami when he needed her.
Layla was connected to Sami.
Layla went silent.
Layla asked for something unexpected.
Layla scribbled something down.
Layla wasn't able to put into words what she had done to that innocent child.
Layla confessed to everything she knew about Sami's crime.
Layla threw Sami under the bus.
Layla was a wanted criminal.
Layla turned the tables on her boyfriend.
Layla turned herself in six days after Sami's death.
Layla and Sami know the truth.
Layla was in contact with Sami.
Layla was with Sami the entire time.
The texts were from Layla, not from Salima.
Layla played a role in the crime.
Layla made a good choice.
Layla made the right choice.
Layla is behind bars.
Layla felt terrible for having been in that relationship.
Layla was very remorseful.
Layla's dreams of love went up in smoke.
Layla was a rule-follower and a good student.
Layla was an ideal child.
Layla was a ray of sunshine to her parents.
Layla graduated in 2002.
Layla went to college.
Layla practised the BDSM lifestyle.
Layla knew Sami had a wife.
Layla was still wearing her wedding ring.
Layla and Sami engaged in play.
Layla was submissive to Sami.
Layla was eager to please and serve.
Layla craved organization.
Layla tasted Sami's blood.
Layla found out she was pregnant with Sami's child.
Layla and Sami were looking forward to raising a child together.
Unfortunately, all good things must come to an end.
Layla was preparing to leave the state.
Layla and me were like brothers.
Layla and me were like sisters.
Layla and me were close friends.
Layla and me were like family.
Layla and me were best friends.
This is a community where hard work is valued.
Layla pulled over next to Sami.
Layla was talking on the telephone.
Layla was upstairs in bed.
Layla was sound asleep.
Layla lived in a relatively remote area.
Layla lived in a sleepy town next door New Jersey.
Layla was holding a knife.
Layla was killed in her home.
Layla grew up in a small close-knit town.
Layla sleeps with a butcher knife under her pillow.
Layla was full of rage.
Layla was trying to fight back.
Something wrong was going on.
Layla will never forget Sami's eyes.
Layla suffered deep cuts to her head and neck.
Layla survived the horrible attack.
Layla was scared to death.
Layla stopped screaming.
For Layla, the nightmare was just beginning.
Layla was absolutely scared.
Layla has scars on her hands.
Layla has become a teacher and a mother.
Layla remembered being raped.
I remember raping her.
I remember hitting her.
Layla woke up shortly after.
Drinking. That's the first thing I do after I wake up.
Layla was in her bed.
Sami broke Layla's jaw.
Layla suffered a stroke.
Layla was savagely beaten that night.
Layla was brutally assaulted in her home.
Layla was brutally assaulted.
Layla was assaulted in her home.
Sami jumped out of the second storey window.
To save herself, Layla jumped out the second storey window.
To save herself, Layla jumped out the window.
Layla was unrecognizable.
Layla disappeared on March 6, 2003.
Sami and Layla went clubbing.
Layla and Sami was enjoying the time of their life.
Layla didn't come home.
Layla brought back Sami's belongings.
Layla left a message on the table.
The text was from Layla.
Layla and Sami arranged to meet at a cafe.
Layla notified police.
Police were at the scene before Layla arrived.
Layla thought Sami did it.
Sami was brought to the station for questioning.
Layla asked Sami for a cigarette.
Layla told her story to the media.
Layla did an interview with Euronews.
What was her name again?
Layla came into the office.
Layla washed her hands with bleach.
Layla washed the pail with bleach.
Layla is gonna do it again.
Layla will do it again.
Layla was brutally attacked.
Layla jumped out the window to save her life.
Layla is Sami's stepdaughter.
Layla gave the police a fake name.
Layla made a false report.
Layla's DNA was found under Sami's fingernails.
Layla was the attacker.
Layla went back to her car.
Layla regained her ability to speak.
Layla regained her health.
Layla is still working to regain her ability to speak.
Layla is still working to regain her health.
Layla's plane spiralled out of control.
Layla must jump now.
Layla and Sami went skydiving.
Layla and Sami were on a dream vacation.
Layla realized that she was swimming in a school of jellyfish.
Layla swam out of the school of jellyfish.
Layla swam into another school of jellyfish.
Layla tried to swim away from the school of jellyfish.
Layla was stung by a jellyfish.
There is something in the water and it's swimming towards us.
Layla is probably dead now.
Layla is probably dead.
Layla and Sami had a romantic night.
Layla had to stop that.
Layla's honeymoon was over.
Layla and Sami's honeymoon was over.
Layla was looking forward to spend a day with her loved one.
It was our first child.
Layla was heading out of town.
Layla has to go now.
Layla and Sami spent a romantic night together.
Layla lost the key to her room.
Layla and Sami slept in the same room.
Layla forgot something.
Layla will be right back.
Layla was keeping a secret from Sami.
Layla was keeping a secret.
Sami bought Layla flowers and candy.
Layla and Sami went to a Brazilian steakhouse.
Sami's restaurant was very nice.
Layla and Sami wanted to spend a perfect night together.
Layla and Sami held hands.
Layla and Sami held hands and walked along the corridor.
Layla and Sami heard a strange noise.
Layla was at the counter.
Layla and Sami were dancing.
Layla had no idea what it was.
The noise was quite loud.
Layla and Sami had a romantic get-away.
Layla and Sami were on a romantic get-away.
Layla lost sight of Sami.
Layla heard strange noises.
Layla was looking back my direction.
Layla was on the balcony.
Layla saw Sami first.
Layla saw something horrifying.
Layla and Sami spent a nice evening at the local mall.
Layla's body was in the trunk.
Layla was playing guitar on the balcony.
Layla was smoking a cigarette on the balcony.
Layla was pleading for her life.
Layla was enjoying a nice afternoon with Sami.
Layla finished her dessert.
Layla pulled out her gun.
Layla announced that she was a police officer.
Everybody stay calm.
Layla attracted Sami's attention.
Layla wanted to protect Sami.
Layla wanted to defend Sami.
Layla and Sami ended up in the wrong place at the wrong time.
Layla and Sami wanted to celebrate Valentine's Day at the shopping mall.
Layla needs to go back home.
Layla was shaking like a leaf.
Layla was frightened.
Layla was a veteran cop.
Layla was still a rookie.
Layla had a lot more ammunition than Sami.
Layla was out there with a gun.
That created some confusion.
Layla was wearing a blue dress.
Layla and Sami had a romantic date at the mall.
Layla can't remember his name.
Layla and Sami trained together.
Layla lost her gun.
Layla opened fire and killed the assailant.
I don't know what they are doing.
Layla was a recent immigrant from Egypt.
Layla's motives were never determined.
Layla had only one concern.
Layla and Sami were finally reunited.
Layla felt her baby kicking.
Layla miraculously survived the attack.
I don't know what's that.
Layla and Sami wanted to have a perfect first date.
Layla knew something bad was about to happen.
Sami was living in a neighborhood where there was a lot of crime.
Layla didn't know anything about Cairo.
Layla was enjoying the view.
Layla felt very comfortable around Sami.
Layla and Sami played video games.
Layla didn't ask Sami for anything.
Layla made Sami feel like he had known ger forever.
Sami and Layla first met at a gas station in Cairo.
Layla was Sami's type. A really cute girl.
Layla gave Sami her phone number.
Layla didn't give her number to everybody.
Layla couldn't resist.
Layla wanted Sami to call her.
Layla wasn't ready to go home yet.
Sami took Layla to the park.
There was just me and him.
Layla and Sami talked for hours.
Layla and Sami went to the park.
Layla will learn that the hard way.
Layla and Sami wanted to spend a perfect day.
Layla and Sami spent hours talking.
Layla and Sami found privacy in a deserted park.
Layla and Sami were completely alone.
Layla doesn't know everything about Sami.
Layla received a six-month probation sentence.
Sami lived in a neighborhood where there was a lot of crime.
Layla was nice and polite.
Layla was mesmirized by her new boyfriend.
Layla wanted to leave.
Layla felt uncomfortable and wanted to leave.
Layla didn't feel well.
Layla was surrounded by four guys.
Layla and Sami sat at the picnic table.
Layla was yelling a lot.
Layla took her boots off.
Layla took her shoes off.
Layla gave the robbers what they wanted.
You look so good.
Sami called Layla pet names.
Just take what you want and go.
Layla didn't have anything else.
Let me explain to you what happened today.
Layla and Sami didn't say anything to each other.
Layla and Sami fled.
Layla and Sami ran away.
Layla hasn't seen Sami since Christmas.
Layla was surrounded by a gang of armed attackers.
Layla is looking for help.
Layla was taking a huge risk.
Layla was taking a risk.
Layla's boots were still sitting on the bench.
Layla was crawling out of the water.
Sami heard Layla's frantic cries and called the police.
Mom still calls me Layla.
Layla pulled Sami's body out of the river.
Layla's body was put in a bag.
Layla just cried.
Layla wasn't hit by gunfire.
Layla had a lengthy criminal record.
Layla was put away for years.
Sami had a little bit of cash in his pocket.
Layla and Sami spent eight hours together on their first date.
Sami placed Layla in the trunk.
Layla got the tickets for free.
Layla had a 25-year-old boyfriend.
Layla was excited to see Sami that night.
Layla was Sami's first crush.
Can you help Layla?
I have news. I'm pregnant.
Layla is expecting.
Layla and Sami wanted to spend the rest of their lives together.
Layla and Sami talked about getting married.
I'm gonna pop the question tonight.
Are you up for a slice of pizza?
What about a slice of pizza?
Layla went back to the mall.
Layla parked in the parking lot.
Sami made Layla feel special that night.
Layla and Sami weren't alone.
Layla and Sami weren't completely alone.
Sami knocked on Layla's car window.
Layla went back home.
Layla called Sami at four o'clock in the morning.
I miss you. I really want to see you.
I'm gonna come get you in a second.
Can we go to the lake and watch the sunrise?
I wanna go to the bathroom.
I wanna see your beautiful face.
Layla drank an energy drink.
Layla noticed Sami's presence.
Layla kept looking back at Sami.
Layla kept looking at Sami.
Layla bought diapers.
Layla got what she wanted.
Layla was hiding something in her sleeve.
What do you think is over there?
She wasn't the Layla that I knew.
When I looked back at Layla, she had a butcher knife.
Layla started stabbing Sami.
In an attempt to defend herself from Sami's stabs, Layla grabbed the knife by the blade.
Yes, the baby is yours.
Layla honked the horn.
Layla and Sami wanted a perfect date.
Layla thought she was dying.
Layla had a large butcher knife.
The knife was two inches away from Layla's heart.
Layla's whole demeanor changed.
Layla suddenly seemed to wish she could rewind the clock.
Layla had a jealous streak.
Layla was on drugs.
It turned that Layla was on drugs.
Layla really wanted to see Sami.
Layla went to the bathroom.
Layla hid the knife in her sleeve.
Layla can't reverse what she had done.
Layla was getting weaker and weaker.
Layla wanted to get rid of the evidence.
Layla tried to get rid of the evidence.
Just get in the car and shut up.
Shut up and get in the car.
Sami wanted to finish the job.
Layla was trying to figure out something to do.
Layla was panicking.
Layla wasn't really paying attention to Sami.
Layla didn't even notice.
Layla locked the car.
Layla was very weak.
Layla said she had a tunnel vision.
Layla unlocked her car.
Layla headed straight home.
Layla was right behind Sami.
Layla tried to murder Sami.
Layla wanted to finish what she was doing.
Aren't you worried about the competition?
Are you sure it was Tom who told Mary to do that?
Aren't you the one who spilled the paint?
Are you really going to sell Tom your motorcycle?
Aren't you serious about getting married?
Are you quite sure it was Tom you saw doing that?
Aren't you responsible for what happened?
I heard you were going to sell Tom your bicycle.
Aren't you planning to take any time off?
Do you think you could talk Tom into doing that?
Aren't you interested in learning French?
Do you think Tom would like it if Mary did that?
Aren't you going to tell me what's wrong?
Do you think Tom speaks French better than Mary?
Aren't you going to leave me any cookies?
Do you think Tom has any idea why Mary did that?
Aren't you going to be there for a while?
Do you think Tom and Mary will do that together?
Aren't you doing what you think is right?
Did you tell Tom why you wanted Mary to do that?
Aren't you coming to the concert with me?
Did Tom say it was necessary for him to do that?
Aren't you coming to my recital tomorrow?
Aren't you going to tell Tom about what you did?
Aren't you coming to Boston this weekend?
Aren't you going to come to Tom's party tonight?
Aren't you always at home in the evening?
Are you certain Tom wasn't the one who did that?
Aren't you a member of the baseball team?
You should let Tom know that Mary will do that.
Are you absolutely sure that'll happen?
You can do that with Tom if you really want to.
Don't you want to go to the gym with us?
Would you tell Tom why you want him to do that?
Don't you want me to bring you anything?
Do you think anyone will care if Tom does that?
Don't you two ever play tennis together?
Do you think Tom would've wanted us to do that?
Don't you think you're going to need it?
Do you think Tom would teach me how to do that?
Don't you think you'll be here tomorrow?
Do you think Tom would mind helping me do that?
Don't you think we'll get there on time?
Do you think Tom knows where Mary used to live?
Don't you think we should do that today?
Do you think Tom and Mary will want to do that?
Don't you think we have a chance to win?
Did you tell Tom why you wanted him to do that?
Aren't you worried about global warming?
Did you tell Tom why you don't want to do that?
Aren't you usually home in the evenings?
Did you ask Tom if he could do that by himself?
Aren't you the one who caused this mess?
Did Tom say it was necessary for us to do that?
Aren't you the mother of these children?
Aren't you still on the basketball team?
Do you think you speak French better than Tom?
Aren't you sorry that you weren't there?
Do you think Tom would show me how to do that?
Aren't you guys still dating each other?
Do you think I could ask Tom to do that again?
Aren't you going to the theater tonight?
Did you tell Tom why you want Mary to do that?
Aren't you going to the concert tonight?
Did you ask Tom why he didn't want to do that?
Aren't you going to eat your vegetables?
Did Tom say he didn't think we should do that?
Aren't you going to eat with us tonight?
Did Tom say he didn't think we had to do that?
Aren't you going to Boston next weekend?
Did Tom really expect Mary to stop doing that?
Aren't you going fishing this afternoon?
Are you the one who taught Tom how to do that?
I think you shouldn't be doing that now.
Are you certain it was Tom you saw doing that?
Don't you want to go to Boston with me?
Are you certain it was Tom who told Mary that?
Don't you want to give it another shot?
You ought to tell Tom that you can't do that.
Don't you think you'll be back by 2:30?
You ought to tell Tom that Mary will do that.
Don't you think what I did was helpful?
Wouldn't it be nice if Tom did that for Mary?
Don't you think we should get involved?
Don't you want to get back together with Tom?
Don't you think we need to change that?
Don't you think Tom would want to go with us?
Do you think you'd like to work for us?
Do you think Tom would've enjoyed doing that?
Do you or anyone you know speak French?
Do you think Tom would mind if Mary did that?
Do you listen to music while you drive?
Do you think Tom would be willing to do that?
Aren't you the one who baked this cake?
Do you think Tom knows what needs to be done?
Aren't you still living on Park Street?
Did you tell Tom why you want him to do that?
Aren't you responsible for all of this?
As a matter of fact, Tom did that by himself.
Aren't you going to tell me what it is?
Aren't you spending Valentine's Day with Tom?
Aren't you going to stick to your plan?
Aren't you satisfied with Tom's achievements?
Aren't you going to be home for dinner?
Aren't you going to tell Tom about the party?
Aren't you going to attend the meeting?
Aren't you going to spend Christmas with Tom?
Aren't you going anywhere for vacation?
Aren't you going to invite Tom to your party?
Aren't you getting paid for doing this?
Are you sure Tom wasn't the one who did that?
Aren't you feeling a little better now?
Are you certain Tom was the one who did that?
Aren't you coming to the store with me?
Are you absolutely sure Tom needs to do that?
Aren't you coming to the party tonight?
Wouldn't it be great if Tom quit doing that?
Aren't you all coming back to visit me?
Aren't you afraid of losing your money?
Do you think Tom taught Mary how to do that?
Are you going to the post office today?
Do you think Tom knows where Mary lives now?
Did Tom say he thought we needed to do that?
Did Tom say he thought he needed to do that?
Don't you want to give it another try?
Aren't you the one who asked Tom to do that?
Don't you want someone to go with you?
Wouldn't it be nice if Tom quit doing that?
Don't you understand what's happening?
Wouldn't it be nice if Tom did that for us?
Don't you understand what you've done?
Tom isn't the only one who need to do that.
Don't you two already know each other?
Don't you think you can help Tom with that?
Don't you think you're better than me?
Do you think Tom would've done it this way?
Don't you think you'll need more time?
Do you think Tom would like to do that now?
Don't you think you'll come back here?
Do you think Tom would enjoying doing that?
Don't you think you can do this alone?
Do you think Tom will volunteer to do that?
Don't you think we should report this?
Do you think Tom will visit us next summer?
Aren't you the person who wanted this?
Do you think Tom knows where Mary did that?
Aren't you the one who came to see me?
Do you think Tom is any good at doing that?
Aren't you the one behind all of this?
Do you think Tom could get Mary to do that?
Aren't you still seeing the same girl?
Do you think Tom and Mary will get married?
Aren't you still mad about last night?
Do you remember when Tom agreed to do that?
Aren't you still dating the same girl?
Aren't you the one who told Tom to do that?
Aren't you on some kind of medication?
Aren't you going to tell Tom what Mary did?
Aren't you having a good time tonight?
Aren't you going to see Tom this afternoon?
Aren't you going to the party tonight?
Aren't you going to Tom and Mary's wedding?
Aren't you going to the class reunion?
Are you sure it was Tom you saw doing that?
Aren't you going to take the bus home?
You should give Tom permission to do that.
Aren't you going to stay here with us?
Wouldn't it be suspicious if Tom did that?
Aren't you going to open the envelope?
Tom isn't the only one who has to do that.
Aren't you going to help me with this?
Do you think that Tom is going to do that?
Aren't you going to be at the meeting?
Do you think Tom would mind if I did that?
Are you having any trouble doing that?
Do you think Tom would like me to do that?
I used to live not too far from here.
Do you think Tom would be willing to help?
Don't you want me to fix the problem?
Do you think Tom would be able to do that?
Don't you understand what's going on?
Don't you understand what that means?
Do you think Tom will ask Mary to do that?
Don't you think you'll be happy here?
Do you think Tom was the one who did that?
Don't you see how ridiculous this is?
Do you think Tom really wanted to do that?
Doing that was the wrong thing to do.
Do you think Tom really enjoys doing that?
Doing that was the right thing to do.
Do you think Tom knows when Mary did that?
Do you want to go to the gym with us?
Do you think Tom could do that by himself?
Do you think you can ride that horse?
Do you remember when Tom said he did that?
Layla was expecting Sami to come.
In the back of my mind, I thought that the assailants would come back to finish the job.
Layla was starting to feel very dizzy.
Is my baby OK?
Layla was going to murder Sami. There's no doubt in my mind.
Layla thought that her best solution was to get rid of Sami.
Layla never thought Sami would hurt her.
Layla still has feelings for Sami.
Layla's baby is her everything. He's her heart and soul.
Sami is Layla's hero.
This translation hasn't been reviewed yet.
Tom is apolitical.
Sami was going to rob Layla.
Layla rented an SUV.
Tom and Mary got married right after graduation.
Tom gave his cat some catnip.
They soon became a couple.
He was cool about it.
She was cool about it.
Will you be my valentine?
Did you eat the last cookie?
"I didn't eat the cookie," replied Tom with crumbs on his lips.
I was angry that I had been fooled.
Tom talked to the bartender.
Tom's parents are wealthy.
It's midnight. A new day begins.
How was a trip?
Could you repeat?
When is it?
I don't have job
I am looking for a job.
I don't have a job
I've only got a part-time job.
Can you work weekends?
Fill out the registration card, please.
An archaeologist is the best husband a woman can have. The older she gets the more interested he is in her.
We have very few good storytellers.
Felicity was born an adorable kitten and grew up to be an adorable cat.
Instead of complaining that we do not have everything we want, we should rather thank not to receive all that we deserve.
The Białowieża Forest in Poland and Belarus is one of the last remaining primeval forests in Europe.
The Białowieża Forest has been designated a UNESCO World Heritage Site.
Logging is prohibited.
My worst nightmare is coming true.
The forest is threatened by illegal logging.
The forest is home to more than 10,species of insect, bird species and species of mammal.
The man, who was high on cocaine, tried to attack the crew with coffee pots.
Mary was so beautiful, that it was thought that she must be Aphrodite's daughter.
In retrospect, it is not all the more beautiful, one only appreciates the many small moments which had previously been taken for granted.
Mary was not happy about this.
Tom was not happy about this.
Sometimes we have to go into the distance to get close to ourselves again.
Tom hoped that nobody would notice.
I had no idea he was lying.
Tom plays guitar and has long hair.
You're too trusting in your infatuation, Tom. Maria is as sly as a fox.
A man is very strong when he recognizes his weakness.
In everything, one receives only because of what one gives.
Mary was sunbathing on the beach.
Do you think this strategy will work?
Did you ask Tom if he did that by himself?
Do you still have a driver's license?
Did Tom actually do that without any help?
Do you listen to music while driving?
Aren't you spending Thanksgiving with Tom?
Do you have any advice on what to do?
Aren't you going to see Tom again tonight?
Do you have an opinion on this issue?
Aren't you going to go out with Tom again?
Do you get along with your neighbors?
Are you sure Tom was the one who did that?
Did your uncle show you his new will?
Are you going to spend Christmas with Tom?
Did you think I would leave you here?
Are you going to invite Tom to your party?
Did you play baseball in high school?
You may as well have Tom do that for you.
Couldn't you have just waited a week?
Would you want Tom to do that by himself?
Can't you be a little more civilized?
Don't you think Tom is telling the truth?
Aren't you worried about your grades?
Do you think Tom knows why that happened?
Aren't you the one who took my knife?
Do you think Tom knows how Mary did that?
Aren't you still working as a waiter?
Do you think Tom did that just for kicks?
Aren't you satisfied with the result?
Do you know when Tom is going to do that?
Aren't you going to eat your pudding?
Do you know if Tom is allowed to do that?
Aren't you going to eat that cupcake?
Do you know if Tom has done that already?
Aren't you going to buy one of those?
Did Tom say he thought we had to do that?
Aren't you going to buy one of these?
Did Tom say he thought he had to do that?
Aren't you going to buy a dictionary?
Did Tom ever ask Mary to stop doing that?
Aren't you going to be here tomorrow?
Could you please tell Tom how to do that?
Are you the only one who needs money?
Aren't you the one who asked Tom to help?
Are you having any trouble breathing?
Aren't you going to vote for Tom Jackson?
You should take the time to do that.
Aren't you going to Tom's farewell party?
Aren't you going to Tom's birthday party?
Don't you understand how this works?
Aren't you going to Tom's bachelor party?
Don't you think you can handle that?
Are you the one who asked Tom to do that?
Do you still eat at that restaurant?
Wouldn't it be nice if Tom quit smoking?
Do you remember what that was about?
Don't you usually talk to Tom in French?
Do you really think that's the case?
Don't you understand what Tom is saying?
Do you know a better way to do this?
Don't you think you're smarter than Tom?
Do you know a better way to do that?
Do you think Tom would enjoy doing that?
Did you have any trouble doing that?
Do you think Tom did that intentionally?
Can you help me write a love letter?
Do you often get text messages from Tom?
Blackbeard was a very famous pirate.
Did Tom ever ask you to stop doing that?
Aren't you willing to pay that much?
Did Tom ask Mary why she didn't do that?
Aren't you tired of waiting in line?
Aren't you the girl Tom has been seeing?
Aren't you surprised to see me here?
Aren't you the girl Tom has been dating?
Aren't you still politically active?
Aren't you going to tell Tom what I did?
Aren't you seeing anybody right now?
Aren't you going to be able to help Tom?
Aren't you going to school tomorrow?
Aren't you going to Tom's party tonight?
Aren't you going to let me help you?
Are you the one who told Tom to do that?
Aren't you going to eat that cookie?
Are you going to tell Tom what Mary did?
Aren't you going to drink your milk?
Are you going to talk to Tom about that?
Aren't you going to call the police?
Are you certain it was Tom who did that?
Aren't you going to be home tonight?
Are you certain Tom is going to do that?
Aren't you going to be home all day?
Aren't you going to Boston tomorrow?
Aren't you going back to the office?
Aren't you feeling any better today?
I had no idea Tom was lying.
Tom didn't know that Mary was lying.
Tom thought that Mary was lying.
Tom suspected that Mary was lying.
Tom realized that Mary had been lying to him.
I did not ask to be born!
Come into my arms.
Mary is about to give birth.
Mary let me kiss her hand.
Thomas dreamed of having a sailboat.
I went to bed at o'clock in the morning.
You want to see?
Can I take a shower?
He confessed his feelings.
I think it's going to be a busy week.
I think I'll be busy this week.
I think I'll be very busy this week.
Thomas climbed Everest without oxygen.
Thousands of Hungarians demonstrated in favor of the European Union.
His grammar is flawless, and his command of words and idioms is perfect, but he has an extremely thick accent.
How can someone who knows the language so well have such a thick accent?
He says one thing; she says the opposite. The truth must be somewhere in the middle.
Some desire homogeneity; I desire diversity.
Some think there are too many foreigners; I think there are too few.
Some think there are too many foreigners; I think there aren't enough.
The linguistic homogeneity of this place is depressing.
Linguistic homogeneity is boring.
I am an advocate of linguistic diversity.
Multiculturalism has proven to be a failure.
They're not foreigners; they've been here longer than you have.
That language has been spoken here for hundreds of years.
They despise linguistic diversity.
They want to destroy linguistic diversity.
They want a linguistically homogeneous country.
This country does not treat its linguistic minorities fairly.
I despise linguistic homogeneity.
I despise linguistic diversity.
He despises linguistic homogeneity.
She despises linguistic homogeneity.
He despises linguistic diversity.
She despises linguistic diversity.
This place used to be much more linguistically diverse.
The city is becoming increasingly homogeneous from a linguistic point of view.
The city was once very diverse linguistically.
The book stores and libraries here only have books in a single language.
How can you call them foreigners when they've been here just as long as you have?
The book stores and libraries here have no books in foreign languages.
The book stores and libraries here do not have any books in the local minority languages.
The book stores and libraries here do not have any books in the local regional languages.
The country's linguistic minorities are gradually being assimilated.
The country's linguistic minorities are gradually disappearing.
The country's linguistic minorities are in decline.
The country is becoming increasingly homogeneous.
The country's government has an official policy of linguistic homogenization.
The government has banned all of the country's non-official languages.
The country's linguistic minorities are not allowed to attend school in their native language.
Some will resort to violence to destroy linguistic diversity.
They have stated their aim is to destroy linguistic diversity.
The city was much more linguistically diverse in the past.
In the past, the city was much more linguistically diverse.
Some consider linguistic diversity a hindrance; I consider it precious.
Aren't you expecting me to help you?
Are you going to stick to your plan?
Are you getting paid for doing this?
You're angry right now, aren't you?
You're already married, aren't you?
You're almost finished, aren't you?
You don't seem to enjoy doing that?
You don't enjoy doing that, do you?
Don't you think you're bigger than Tom?
Would it OK with you if I did that?
Don't you think you'll need Tom's help?
Don't you want to be a flower girl?
Do you think we'll never see Tom again?
Don't you want me to come with you?
Do you think Tom would want to do that?
Don't you walk to school every day?
Do you think Tom would mind doing that?
Don't you know what the problem is?
Do you think Tom would like to do that?
Do you want us to buy you anything?
Aren't you the owner of this house?
Do you know if Tom is going to do that?
Aren't you the one who wanted this?
Didn't you used to be Tom's girlfriend?
Aren't you the author of this book?
Did Tom say he would help Mary do that?
Aren't you talking from experience?
Did Tom say he needed to do that today?
Aren't you students at this school?
Aren't you still planning to marry Tom?
Aren't you still working in Boston?
Aren't you spending Christmas with Tom?
Aren't you over eighteen years old?
Wouldn't it be better if Tom did that?
Aren't you one of the cheerleaders?
Would you want Tom to do that for you?
Aren't you happy with your new car?
Aren't you guys having a good time?
Aren't you going to go home by bus?
Aren't you going to Boston with us?
Aren't you going back to the party?
Aren't you enjoying your stay here?
Aren't you busy tomorrow afternoon?
Are you going to stay here with us?
Are you going to help me with this?
Don't you want to become a father?
Tom isn't likely to help Mary do that.
Don't you want me to tell you why?
Tom doesn't do that the same way I do.
Don't you understand how it works?
Tom didn't believe Mary would do that.
Don't you think you're photogenic?
Tom didn't believe Mary could do that.
Don't you think you can do better?
I think we should tell Tom to do that.
Don't you think we ought to go in?
I can't believe Tom agreed to do that.
Doing that will be very difficult.
Does Tom want to know how we did that?
Do you still have time to do this?
Does Tom know why Mary didn't do that?
Did Tom tell you not to do that?
Do you want Tom to do that by himself?
Could you take this inside for me?
Do you think Tom would try to do that?
Can you speak more slowly, please?
Do you think Tom would do that for me?
Aren't you the one who wrote this?
Do you think Tom could do that for us?
Aren't you still upset about that?
Do you know when Tom plans to do that?
Aren't you still living in Boston?
Did you ask Tom why he didn't do that?
Aren't you serious about anything?
Did Tom say he didn't want to do that?
Aren't you recording us right now?
Did Tom say he didn't need to do that?
Aren't you ready to start working?
Did Tom say he didn't have to do that?
Aren't you interested in politics?
Did Tom really expect Mary to do that?
Some consider linguistic diversity a curse; I consider it precious.
Some consider linguistic diversity an abomination; I consider it precious.
They will go to any lengths to destroy linguistic diversity.
Some consider linguistic diversity a cancer to be excised; I consider it precious.
Unlike many, I do not consider linguistic diversity to be a cancer.
They see minority languages as a threat.
They oppress linguistic minorities, because they see minority languages as a threat.
The government has an official policy of linguistic homogenization.
The country has an official policy of linguistic homogenization.
They consider linguistic diversity a threat.
They consider linguistic diversity a cancer.
The country's linguistic minorities are denied the possibility of attending school in their native language.
I go out of my way to seek linguistic diversity.
They go out of their way to avoid linguistic diversity; I go out of my way to seek it.
The homogeneity of this city is depressing.
I see linguistic diversity as a precious treasure to be protected.
I consider linguistic diversity a precious treasure to be protected.
They see linguistic diversity as a cancer to be excised.
They consider linguistic diversity a cancer to be excised.
The country oppresses its minorities.
The country oppresses its linguistic minorities.
Linguistic diversity is a treasure.
Linguistic diversity is a gift to be protected.
There aren't enough foreigners in this country.
Which books should I read?
What books do you recommend?
It would be depressing if this country were to become linguistically homogeneous.
This is a bilingual city.
This is a multilingual city.
The city is officially bilingual.
This is a multilingual region.
This is a bilingual region.
I adore linguistic diversity.
Try to look at it from my point of view.
Try to look at it from his point of view.
Try to look at it from their point of view.
Try to look at it from her point of view.
I can't imagine such a thing ever happening.
If that ever happens, I'll eat my hat.
Can you prove I'm wrong?
Life begins when we determine what it is we expect of it.
It is a depressing prospect.
It's a depressing prospect.
The idea that this country might become linguistically homogeneous is a depressing prospect.
The idea that this region might become linguistically homogeneous is a depressing prospect.
This is a linguistically diverse region.
This is a linguistically homogeneous region.
This region is linguistically diverse.
This region is linguistically homogeneous.
Linguistic diversity is a treasure to be cherished, not a cancer to be excised.
I consider linguistic diversity a treasure to be cherished.
I see linguistic diversity as a treasure to be cherished.
The region is linguistically diverse.
The region is linguistically homogeneous.
You seem tired. Do you want us to rest a little?
You're really dirty.
You're filthy.
You're very dirty.
Fuck you.
Fuck.
No one fucks with me.
Don't fuck with me.
The gang's all here.
Damn it.
God damn it.
Escape.
Escape!
Flee.
Flee!
This is a jazzy chord progression.
This chord progression sounds very jazzy.
This chord progression sounds jazzy.
That is a lovely chord progression.
I love that chord progression.
Tom was already drunk.
Mary would kill me if I told her.
Tom is a musical genius.
Mary is a virtuoso.
Tom almost died that night.
This is pretty cool.
Why didn't you say anything before?
I know the perfect place.
AOL merged with Time Warner.
Tom arched one eyebrow.
I forgave Tom, but I will never forgive you.
Tom was cooking the books.
"How old are you and what's your name?" she demanded.
The party got out of hand.
They're breeding like rabbits.
We regret to inform you that your application has been denied.
I regret to inform you that your application has been denied.
They're multiplying faster than we can kill them off.
Go to hell.
Damn you.
What's money? A man is a success if he gets up in the morning and goes to bed at night and in between does what he wants to do.
When I learn a foreign language, writing entries in a journal helps me remember vocabulary.
When I learn a new language, I write journal entries in that language with no regard for whether what I'm writing is correct or not; I find this helps me remember the words I'm learning.
I don't understand how you could possibly think that's a reasonable position to have.
I do not intend on ever having children.
Why have kids when you can adopt?
It's fake news.
We're going to build a wall.
The wall will be huge.
The wall will be enormous.
The country, while oppressive, is significantly better than its neighbors.
You don't know how serious it is.
"I'll drop you on my way." "If you insist."
This is just terrible.
When Layla told me, I refused to believe it.
Layla is the one to blame for what happened to Sami.
Shut your mouth, Layla.
Where is Layla? Isn't she with you?
This is Layla's responsibility after all.
Layla is still in danger.
Layla went to the church to pray for Sami.
Everywhere I look, I see English.
No one is going to die here.
No matter where I go, I can't seem to escape the English language.
Layla came to work early this morning.
It was just a warning.
It's a warning from nature.
The hurricane was a warning from nature.
It's ridiculous to believe in this.
The natives know the secrets of the forest.
Layla is going superstitious.
They finished burying the dead.
The natives are scared of this place.
I don't wanna talk to anyone.
"I don't wanna talk to anyone." "Not even your sweetheart?"
They never listen when I talk to them.
Layla said nasty things to me.
I couldn't say a word.
Layla is worried about you.
You have to understand that your parents are worried about you.
I don't wanna go to school again.
Did that guy do something to you?
Did those guys do something to you?
Did that guy tell you anything?
They lost the DNA sample.
What are we going to tell Layla?
How to explain this?
I have brought you some apricot juice.
I have bought you some apricot juice.
I'm feeling just fine.
I'm very sorry for everything that has happened.
Layla is responsible.
It's my daughter that's in there.
Let me handle everything, will you?
What happened to Layla?
How can Layla do such a crazy thing?
How on earth can you say such a thing?
Layla is responsible. Make no mistake about it.
Just try to calm down.
I'm sorry about what happened to Layla.
Of course I have feelings for Layla.
I have feelings for Layla.
You have to forgive me.
I gave you everything and this is the way you repay me?
It's all your fault. You're responsible for everything.
What makes you think he's not a junkie?
What makes you think he's not a child molester?
Layla was dressed nicely and talked properly.
Did that man do something wrong to you?
Nothing happened in there.
Do you know what really hurts me the most?
I hate everyone except you.
"I hate everyone." "Everyone?" "Yes, everyone except you."
You wanna know something? I really love you.
What my life would have been like if Dad didn't die?
He would have liked to come.
I'll teach you good manners.
Layla had a good reason to do that.
Sami took Layla to Hawaii for a week.
Something has changed after your trip to Egypt.
This looks serious.
We didn't have much time to do some shopping.
Are these books yours?
Are these condoms yours?
Layla went to Egypt.
I have something to discuss with Layla.
Could you give me a hand in the kitchen, please?
If you want me, I'm in my room.
If you need me, I'm in my room.
When I saw your face when you came in, I was really worried.
When Layla got home, there was a problem waiting for her.
Why didn't you explain to me?
I still feel his arms around my body.
I still feel Sami's arms around my body. It was like flying.
Sami is the man of your life. He's the one.
Layla is growing up.
You went through something entirely different.
Our mistakes always come back in our faces.
You know I couldn't do that.
Layla is hanging out with that good-for-nothing.
Is Layla in the clinic?
This is a clinic, not a gym.
He's been lying to me this whole time.
She's been lying to me this whole time.
They've been lying to me this whole time.
He was the mainstay of this familiy.
Food production is a mainstay of the country's economy.
I was penniless.
They were getting married.
Layla realized she was no longer in love with Sami.
It's much worse than that.
Layla tried to commit suicide.
How could Layla do something like this?
It doesn't make any sense trying to kill herself.
Layla and Sami were total strangers to each other.
You need to rest for a moment.
You may go in.
There's nothing we can do for Layla.
She wants to see you.
I want to see Layla one last time.
It's all your fault, Layla.
I knew you'd come, my darling.
You really should rest.
This isn't the time for that.
I was afraid to lose you.
You musn't talk now.
There's nothing we can do for Tom.
I beg you, my darling... Please don't leave me.
Please don't leave me. I'm so afraid.
Aren't you interested in football?
Can you tell us why Tom is doing that?
Aren't you going to the gym today?
Can we count on Tom to do that for us?
Aren't you going to eat your roll?
Aren't Tom and Mary in the same class?
Aren't you going to come visit me?
You ought to tell Tom not to do that.
Aren't you going to come tomorrow?
Wouldn't it be great if Tom did that?
Aren't you afraid of getting hurt?
Tom wondered why Mary didn't do that.
Aren't you able to help us at all?
Tom wasn't expecting Mary to do that.
Are you going to buy one of those?
Tom was asked not to do that anymore.
Tom thought Mary did that on purpose.
Don't you want me to go with you?
Tom said he'd never done that before.
Don't you want me to do anything?
Tom said I wasn't allowed to do that.
Don't you understand the concept?
Tom obviously didn't want to do that.
Don't you understand any of this?
Tom knows you didn't do that for him.
Don't you think you'll need that?
Tom knew that Mary wanted to do that.
Don't you think you can fix this?
Tom knew Mary said she would do that.
Don't you think you can fix that?
Tom knew Mary didn't want to do that.
Do you still live on Park Street?
Tom isn't likely to let Mary do that.
Do you still enjoy doing that?
Tom can do that better than Mary can.
Do you still enjoy playing chess?
I thought Tom would enjoy doing that.
Aren't you two dating each other?
I think you could get Tom to do that.
Aren't you surprised that I came?
I think we should ask Tom to do that.
Aren't you still studying French?
I don't think Tom will do that today.
Aren't you still based in Boston?
Don't you think you'll see Tom again?
Aren't you starting to get tired?
Does Tom know why you didn't do that?
Aren't you interested in the job?
Do you think Tom will likely do that?
Aren't you going to study French?
Aren't you going to stay with us?
Did you really expect Tom to do that?
Aren't you going to sing with us?
Did Tom tell Mary why he didn't do that?
Aren't you going to school today?
Did Tom even know Mary could do that?
Aren't you going to say anything?
Did Tom actually see Mary doing that?
Aren't you going to open the box?
Can I count on Tom to do that for me?
Aren't you going out with anyone?
Aren't you going to meet Tom tonight?
Aren't you getting paid for this?
Aren't you going to help Tom do that?
Aren't you free tomorrow morning?
Aren't you going to apologize to Tom?
Aren't you free tomorrow evening?
Aren't you and Tom in the same class?
Aren't you ever going to tell me?
Are you sure it was Tom who did that?
Aren't you enjoying your weekend?
Are you sure Tom is going to do that?
Aren't you busy tomorrow morning?
Are you going to sell Tom your house?
Aren't you and your sister close?
You should've told Tom to do that for you.
Aren't you a high school student?
Wouldn't it be nice if Tom did that?
Are you sure you can handle this?
Tom will be punished for doing that.
Are you going to Boston tomorrow?
Tom was told never to do that again.
Why don't you stay here with us?
Tom told me he wanted me to do that.
Don't you want to do this later?
Tom told me he hasn't done that yet.
Don't you want to become famous?
Tom told Mary that he would do that.
Don't you understand my problem?
Tom said he wasn't ready to do that.
Don't you think yours is better?
Tom knows how much I hate doing that.
Aren't you the person in charge?
Tom knew that Mary wouldn't do that.
Aren't you the one who saved me?
Tom knew that Mary couldn't do that.
Aren't you still working for us?
Tom is never going to do that again.
Layla is out of danger.
I'm glad to hear that Layla is out of danger.
I can understand your reaction, but you need to calm down now.
I won't take any action against Layla.
I'd like to ask you a favor but this has to be discreet.
I want to know everything about Layla's life.
This is all your fault. I hope you realize that.
She understands Russian as well as she does her native language.
Yana wants to see you.
Layla just called me.
You'll have to repeat the tests.
Aren't you still in high school?
Tom has been doing that for a while.
Aren't you responsible for this?
Tom doesn't think I need to do that.
Aren't you on the baseball team?
Tom doesn't seem to want to do that.
Aren't you old enough to retire?
Tom doesn't like it when we do that.
Aren't you going to the meeting?
Tom doesn't do that as well as Mary.
Aren't you going to sit with us?
I'm sure Tom would enjoy doing that.
Aren't you going to cook supper?
I thought Tom would like to do that.
Aren't you going back to Boston?
I thought Tom would like doing that.
Aren't you finished for the day?
I don't think Tom will ever do that.
Aren't you feeling better today?
Don't you want to get back with Tom?
Aren't you coming to pick me up?
Do you think Tom would've helped us?
Aren't you coming to my concert?
Do you think Tom would've done that?
Aren't you coming back tomorrow?
Do you think Tom can really do that?
Aren't you bringing your camera?
Do you really think Tom can do that?
Aren't you allergic to anything?
Do you know if Tom plans to do that?
Aren't you able to speak French?
Did you ask Tom if he could do that?
You're fluent in French, right?
Did Tom say he had to do that today?
You're almost done, aren't you?
Did Tom actually do that by himself?
Haven't you done your homework?
Aren't you still going out with Tom?
Don't you want to do something?
Aren't you going to see Tom tonight?
Don't you want to come with us?
Are you spending Christmas with Tom?
Don't you want to come with me?
Are you going to walk home with Tom?
Don't you want something to do?
A man just asked me where Tom lives.
Don't you want anything to eat?
You should let Tom do that for you.
Don't you usually travel alone?
Don't you two want to be alone?
Was Tom able to do that by himself?
Don't you think you can fix it?
Tom tried to do that, but couldn't.
Don't you know what's going on?
Tom thinks I need to do that today.
Aren't you surprised to see me?
Tom thinks I don't need to do that.
Aren't you still at the office?
Tom promised Mary he would do that.
Aren't you satisfied with that?
Tom knew Mary told John to do that.
Aren't you old enough to drive?
Tom is the one who did that, right?
Aren't you old enough to drink?
Tom has never been able to do that.
Aren't you happy where you are?
Tom has finally stopped doing that.
Aren't you guys still together?
I thought Tom was going to do that.
Aren't you guys having any fun?
Do you think Tom wanted to do that?
Aren't you going to vote today?
Do you think Tom enjoys doing that?
Aren't you going to town today?
Do you think Tom did that for Mary?
Aren't you going to go with me?
Do you think Tom can still do that?
Aren't you going to drink that?
Do you expect Tom to do that today?
Aren't you from Boston as well?
Did Tom say he did that by himself?
Aren't you free tomorrow night?
Did Tom know Mary couldn't do that?
Aren't you coming to the party?
Aren't you planning to talk to Tom?
Aren't you coming this evening?
Aren't you going to go talk to Tom?
Aren't you coming home tonight?
Are you certain Tom didn't do that?
Aren't you coming back tonight?
Are Tom and Mary in the same class?
Aren't you an exchange student?
We hope Tom doesn't do that again.
Aren't you already on the team?
Tom will do that, I'm pretty sure.
Aren't you allergic to peanuts?
Tom said he was forced to do that.
Aren't you a chemistry student?
Tom really likes to do that a lot.
No dating. No Internet after nine o'clock.
Layla had an impeccable taste.
To great success one forgives everything.
Layla was a teacher's assistant.
Layla's family was very traditional.
Layla was daddy's little girl.
Did Layla get the flowers I sent?
"The flowers are beautiful." "You're beautiful."
Sami made Layla feel very special.
Layla had something special in mind.
Layla and Sami were always in a group.
I want you in the garage right now.
I've got to go. It's my dad again.
That made me very nervous.
I knew something wrong was going to happen.
Our neighborhood has become ground zero in a gang war.
Sami is part of a rival gang.
Layla was shot but she survived.
Layla lived in a neighborhood where people couldn't come out of their homes.
Sami pulled Layla in the dark world of gang culture.
Layla didn't like what she heard.
It's decision night for Layla.
Layla had no idea of what was going on.
Layla was very nervous at the time.
"I don't like this hat." "How about this one?"
Layla is gonna love this hat.
I need you here now.
I need you in the garage right now.
As long as you live in my house, you'll follow my rules.
I don't wanna live with you anymore.
It's too much for Layla to bear.
Layla came and picked me up.
Sami came and picked me up. He was a gentleman.
Sami was so sweet.
Is something wrong, darling?
I was waiting for Sami to talk to me.
Layla was really hurt by your comments.
Sami wanted to divorce Layla and marry Salima.
Layla was a little worried.
I thought he was going to tell me.
I've got to get out of this town.
This is a night Layla will never forget.
Layla and Sami were here first.
Sorry, I didn't see the sign.
Sami wanted to leave the town.
Layla still had unfinished business.
Sami broke down and he told Layla.
I'm leaving this town.
I'm leaving this town tonight.
I can't believe it. Layla wants to break up with me already?
Layla was walking towards Sami.
Layla just had a bad feeling.
Give me your wallet and everything you have.
Give me your purse and your cellphone.
Layla gave the robbers her purse but they weren't satisfied.
Sami wanted to sexually assault Layla.
Sami tried to sexually assault Layla.
The robbers were completely gone.
All the phones were ringing.
Layla felt completely powerless.
Take everything. Just don't shoot.
Layla never answered my question.
It was a very sweet kiss.
It was a very gentle kiss.
You shouldn't be here in the park. It's not safe.
Layla has just escaped an armed robbery.
Layla heard a loud noise.
I went completely deaf.
They were just laughing.
Layla wanted to kill us both.
Layla saw Sami on the ground.
Layla was shot in her chest.
Layla put her hands on top of Sami's wound to stop the bleeding.
Layla just closed her eyes and passed away.
Layla dragged Sami out of the car.
Sami took Layla to the car and drove her to the hospital.
Layla tried to pick Sami up but she couldn't. She didn't have enough strength.
Layla had a wound to her right leg.
Layla didn't have enough strength to pick Sami up.
Layla just kept screaming.
Whoever chases after pleasure finds weariness.
Layla just kept screaming for help.
Layla heard the gunshot.
Layla was screaming for help.
Layla didn't dare get involved.
There was a price to be paid.
Someone will pay for that.
Sami has just proposed to Layla.
Believing everything is weakness, and believing nothing is foolishness.
Give me your wallet and your watch. Hurry up!
A neighbor heard Layla's screams.
Layla did the right thing. She called the police.
Layla was taken to the hospital.
Layla isn't with Sami.
Layla wasn't with Sami.
Miraculously, Layla's wounds weren't life-threatening.
We're sorry to tell you this, but Sami didn't make it.
Layla was just crying and screaming.
In the school of life one always remains a student.
I don't feel very lucky.
Layla recovered physically.
Layla recovered physically but not emotionally.
Layla was really different.
If one has forgiven an injustice, one must delete it from the memory.
The investigation stalled.
The police was investigating a series of shootings.
Sami was a member of an Asian gang.
Layla broke down crying.
That didn't change anything.
The pain was still there.
That pain never went away.
Layla is still serving time in Egypt.
Layla studies journalism.
Reason promises us its support, but it does not always keep its promise.
One should say the truth, but not every truth is to be spoken.
Layla dressed nicely.
Layla was attractive because she dressed well.
Layla went down the wrong path.
Sami found out that Layla was a prostitute.
I felt sorry for Layla's family.
Layla and Sami were talking about sex.
Sami was having an affair with his secretary.
Layla knew her marriage was bad.
Allow me to finish.
She was angry that she had been fooled.
"Dad." "Yes, darling." "I think that Mom... I think that Mom is having an affair."
I think that Mom might be having an affair.
The volume that you're looking for is missing.
The volume is over there.
The volume is here.
For this reason, the language is the most destructive weapon of all.
To thine own self be true, and it must follow, as the night the day, thou canst not then be false to any man.
Sami was a Bible studies teacher.
Teachers gave up on Sami.
Sami was a much esteemed teacher.
Sami was popular with both students and teachers.
Sami was a schoolteacher.
Sami was Layla's former Arabic teacher.
Sami was considered a great teacher.
Sami is a teacher at a local high school.
I've spoken to your teachers.
Layla went back to school.
Layla wanted to go back to school.
Layla hasn't finished high school.
Can you do me a favor and take Layla and me to school?
Sami dropped off his kids at school.
Police searched Sami's school locker.
You're not supposed to wear that at school.
Sami is not a Sunday school boy.
Sami took a knife to school on a regular basis.
Sami was embarassed to go to school.
Sami had a problem at school.
Sami has read every one of those books.
Sami was sitting and reading a book all by himself.
Sami was reading a mystery book.
Sami put Layla in charge of the books in his car dealership.
Sami read books on Satanism and the occult.
Sami found an interesting book at the local library.
Layla was an open book for Sami. She told him everything about her.
Here, people believe in the Good Book.
The only thing Sami ever sent me was an old book.
Sami took another look at the book.
Sami has got the tickets.
Sami must have forgotten his promise to Layla.
Sami is waiting for Layla.
Sami is late again.
It's all thanks to Sami.
Why isn't Sami coming?
Why isn't Sami coming tonight?
Sami waited for you all afternoon.
Where have you been, Sami?
Sami was trying to find himself.
Sami used drugs.
Sami had no idea that he was being cheated on.
Sami just couldn't resist.
Sami had Layla strip naked.
This is the true story of Sami Majid.
Cairo was the happiest place on earth for Sami.
Sami was a model student.
Sami was trying to find his father.
Layla went discovering boys.
Sami dropped out of school.
Sami may have fallen prey to Layla's trap.
Sami needed to find a job to support his children.
Layla found herself drawn to Sami.
Sami was the more aggressive and assertive of the two twins.
Sami had a rebellious spirit.
Sami and Layla shared the same profession.
Sami wanted to buy crack.
If you want to buy crack, go see Sami.
Sami and Layla would get together as much as they could.
Sami wanted to spend more time with Layla.
Sami called the police for help.
Sami found another way to make money.
Sami wasn't able to take care of Layla.
Sami received a call from Layla.
Sami overheard both sides of the phone conversation.
Sami went alone.
Sami called his brother and they planned a robbery.
Sami knew that a robbery was about to take place.
Sami started dancing.
Sami did what he was instructed.
Sami was the first one in the house.
Sami was armed with an assault rifle.
Sami carried a 9mm pistol.
Sami was the one who set all of this up.
Sami fired a couple of rounds.
The bullets ricocheted, injuring Sami.
This is much less than Sami expected.
Sami wanted the rest of the money.
Sami wanted more money.
Sami sent Layla to look for the money.
Sami returned to the main room.
Sami decided to teach Layla a lesson.
Sami took off, leaving Layla behind.
Sami was at a party.
Sami and Layla were both in shock.
Sami and Layla set up a robbery.
Sami endangered Layla's life.
Why would Sami do something like that?
Sami was involved in an incident where people were injured and killed.
Sami was definitely afraid.
Sami was forced to choose between love and self-preservation.
Sami was a soulless ex-con.
The robbery that Sami set up led to five men being shot.
Sami had twenty entrance and exit wounds, yet he survived.
Sami pawned the jewellery.
Sami sacrificed his anonymity.
It really was a stupid thing to do.
Sami wasn't looking at what his actions were and what the consequences were going to be.
Sami died in the robbery.
Sami was involved in a robbery where two people died.
The police tracked Sami down.
Sami didn't have the permission to do that.
Sami lied to protect Layla.
Layla lied only to get more of Sami's love.
Sami changed his mind when he learned that he could face the death penalty.
Sami is legally responsible for what he did.
Sami confessed to setting up the robbery.
Sami was arrested without incident.
Sami sat in jail, awaiting trial.
Sami received a number of letters from Layla.
Sami still wanted to be part of Layla's life.
Sami violated the terms of his release.
Sami went back to prison.
Sami was found guilty for one count of attempted murder.
Sami is currently on death row.
I think Layla was in love with Sami.
Is Sami a threat to society?
When I first met Sami, he was a wannabe-thug teenager.
Sami committed senseless acts in the name of love.
This is what we see with Sami.
Sami didn't get very far.
Sami didn't have family there.
The job was so routine that it left the restless Sami wanting more.
Sami was new to the job.
Sami was serving time at a prison in Cairo.
Sami was reincarcerated for that.
Sami worked for Layla.
Sami has already made a new friend.
Sami and Layla developed a romantic relationship.
Sami and Layla's encounters were limited to their workplace.
Sami's request was granted.
That left Sami wanting more.
Sami and Layla became dependent on one another.
There is only one way Sami and Layla can be together.
Sami found what he was looking for.
Sami and Layla had a fresh start.
This is how Sami got to meet Layla.
Sami wanted to see Layla.
Sami took the bait.
Sami and Layla hitched a ride to the motel.
Sami tried to reason with the robbers.
Sami asked for money to get out of town.
Sami instantly became angry.
Sami tied the cable to Layla's hands.
Sami hunted around the house to find the money.
Sami took Layla's car keys and left.
Sami stole Layla's money and car.
Sami had no destination in mind.
Sami used Layla's credit card.
Ten days later, Sami's body was found by a concerned neighbor.
Sami sent Layla letters.
I think that it was Sami who may have done this.
Sami shot Layla and left her naked in the basement.
Sami made it to Cairo.
Sami didn't get far.
Sami checked into a motel.
Happiness is not an object to possess, it is a quality of thought, a state of soul.
No one can beat Sami at chess.
Layla finished her long hike.
Layla unleashed her dogs.
Layla had two German shepherds.
Layla's dog found a dead body.
Layla initially thought the body was a deer carcass.
These are bones from a human.
These are not the remains of an animal.
Layla found a dead body in her backyard.
Layla talked to Sami everyday.
I know that something horrible has happened.
Layla walked her dogs every day.
Layla walks her dogs twice a day.
They wept when the dog died.
Using Sami's own blood, Layla wrote the word dog on the wall.
Sami was a dog breeder.
Sami was a dog lover.
Layla enjoyed the types of dogs that Sami raised.
Sami's only companion was his dog.
Sami cared for Layla's dog.
Sami was walking his dog.
Sami heard a dog barking.
Sami lashed out at his dog.
This medication could knock out a horse.
The level of arsenic found in Sami's stomach was enough to kill horses.
Sami used enough heroin to kill three horses.
Lexington, Kentucky, is the horse capital of the world.
We don't need any more horses.
Sami didn't want to spend his money on horses.
Sami used a horse rope to strangle Layla.
Sami owned a horse farm.
Sami went to Layla's property regularly to help her with the horses.
I could eat a horse tonight.
Layla is the best daughter in the world.
Doctor Sami Bakir became famous as doctors around the world followed his research.
Sami believed that his execution would save the world from the devil.
For Sami, the world seemed a happy place.
Sami was going to commit a crime that would shock the world.
Sami's lies were exposed to the world.
Sami and Layla devised a make-believe world.
Sami and Layla would pretend to be figures of the Medieval history world.
Sami lost himself in a rich fantasy world.
Sami and Layla believed that the rest of the world was just there for them.
Layla had messy short hair.
Layla got extensions in her hair.
Layla went to a hair salon to get extensions in her hair.
Layla was combing her hair.
Sami bleached his hair blond.
Alopecia is also known as hair loss.
Suffering from hair loss at her age is so sad.
Sami humiliated Layla by cutting her hair.
Layla had dark hair.
Sami's mother was bleaching his hair blond to match hers.
Sami's hair fell out.
It was hard to believe that something that terrible could happen to a girl like Layla.
Layla was a healthy little girl.
Layla gave birth a beautiful baby girl.
Layla was the sweetest and most beautiful girl I have ever met.
Have the girls finished eating yet?
Layla punished the girls for their father's failure.
Layla was a happy little girl.
Sami took another girl prisoner.
Sami saw adolescent young girls as prey.
Sami lured many young girls to their death.
Layla and Sami had all sorts of problems.
Layla's problems began in her mid-teens.
Layla had money problems.
Layla's problems became too overwhelming to manage.
Is there a security problem?
Everybody had a problem with Sami.
Sami had no problem for sharing Layla with other men.
Sami has always had a problem with knowing when to stop.
Sami had some serious psychological problems.
Sami had some drug problems.
Sami's problems began with a jealous heart.
Fidget spinners are popular with students.
The school banned fidget spinners.
Tom is brave and courageous.
Then an unbidden guest stepped to the microphone.
At that point an uninvited guest stepped to the microphone.
She is really enchanting, and has black hair.
Tom's cat Felicity is skittish, but once you've befriended her, she won't leave you alone.
I often spend hours thinking about nothing in particular.
I often spend hours letting my mind wander.
That is a barbaric practice.
That's a barbaric practice.
That practice has no place in a civilized society.
I can't concentrate.
I have a short attention span.
The jokes were unoriginal.
The jokes were not funny.
The jokes weren't funny.
Do you know whose it is?
There is no library in this town.
There's no library in this town.
Whose region, his religion.
Whose is the book on the table?
This is a small library.
This is a big library.
I love translating.
I love to translate.
I hate translating.
I'm reading a biography.
I'm reading an autobiography.
There were seven kings of the Romans, of whom Tarquinius Superbus was the last.
This biography is very interesting.
Our research indicates that there is a high probability of the situation changing drastically in the near future.
Are all three of you bachelors?
Tom really likes doing that a lot.
You might as well do that now.
Tom needs to tell Mary to do that.
Please help me paint my house.
Tom knew that he couldn't do that.
Don't you want to get married?
Tom isn't very good at doing that.
Don't you want to do this now?
Tom isn't likely to do that today.
Don't you want me to help you?
Tom had no idea why Mary did that.
Don't you want me to be happy?
Tom doesn't do that as well as me.
Don't you want help with that?
Tom does that differently than me.
Don't you two know each other?
I'm sure Tom will want to do that.
Don't you three work together?
I'm sure Tom doesn't want to do that.
Don't you think you're normal?
I'd like to know why Tom did that.
Don't you think you're modest?
Do you think Tom likes to do that?
Don't you think you're mature?
Do you think Tom likes doing that?
Don't you think you can do it?
Do you remember when Tom did that?
Don't you think we were wrong?
Did you know Tom couldn't do that?
Doing that wasn't a good idea.
Did Tom tell Mary why he did that?
Can you call a doctor, please?
Did Tom say he planned to do that?
Aren't you willing to do that?
Did Tom really do that by himself?
Aren't you three good friends?
Did Tom know you couldn't do that?
Aren't you seeing anybody now?
Did Tom ask Mary why she did that?
Aren't you registered to vote?
Did Tom actually see Mary do that?
Aren't you planning on voting?
Can you tell Tom how you did that?
Aren't you part of this group?
Can you show Tom how you did that?
Aren't you on any medications?
Aren't you still working with Tom?
Aren't you old enough to vote?
Aren't you still in love with Tom?
Aren't you going to walk home?
Aren't you one of Tom's relatives?
Aren't you going to the party?
Aren't you on good terms with Tom?
Aren't you going to cooperate?
Aren't you and Tom still together?
Aren't you going to arrest me?
Are you and Tom in the same class?
Aren't you feeling better now?
You ought to tell Tom to do that.
Aren't you feeling any better?
You may as well have Tom do that.
Aren't you coming to my party?
Tom said he hasn't done that yet.
Aren't you coming back for me?
Tom never learned how to do that.
Aren't you able to play the organ?
Tom doesn't want Mary to do that.
Aren't you a medical examiner?
Tom doesn't like Mary doing that.
Aren't you a Canadian citizen?
Tom did that in Boston last year.
Are you going to sing with us?
Tom can do that better than Mary.
Don't you want to go with me?
I think Tom did that really well.
Don't you want to discuss it?
Don't you want me to go with Tom?
Don't you want these tickets?
Don't you think you can help Tom?
Don't you two get along well?
Don't you think we convinced Tom?
Don't you think you're smart?
Do you think Tom really did that?
Don't you think you're obese?
Did you actually see Tom do that?
Don't you think we need this?
Did Tom say he wanted to do that?
Don't you think we can do it?
Did Tom say he needed to do that?
Doing that will be very hard.
Did Tom ever ask Mary to do that?
Doing that will be very easy.
Did Tom do that without any help?
Doing that will be difficult.
Could you please do that for Tom?
Can you speak slower, please?
Can you tell me why Tom did that?
Aren't you missing something?
Aren't you still working for Tom?
Don't you know what's happening?
Everyone knows who killed Tom.
There are many sentences that have no translation.
I don't want children.
I am vehemently opposed to all dictatorships, whether of the proletariat or otherwise.
You must tell me what you know.
I was lying to you the whole time.
I was lying the whole time.
I've been lying to you the whole time.
I've been lying the whole time.
He was lying to you the whole time.
She was lying to you the whole time.
They were lying to you the whole time.
They were lying the whole time.
She was lying the whole time.
He was lying the whole time.
May God have mercy on your soul.
To hell with the king!
Scream.
Scream!
Talk.
Talk!
Yell.
Yell!
Climb.
Climb!
Knock it down.
Knock the ladder down.
Don't walk under ladders.
Kick.
Kick!
Punch me.
Attack me.
Kick me.
Play.
Work.
Work!
Quit slacking off and get to work!
I suggest you shut the fuck up.
Shut the fuck up.
Cross the road.
Drive.
Drive!
Stop.
Begin.
You didn't show up.
They didn't show up.
This piece brings me to tears every time I listen to it.
I don't have the courage to say that to him.
I don't dare to say that to him.
Aren't you looking for a job?
Aren't you one of Tom's students?
Aren't you guys still dating?
Aren't you one of Tom's children?
Aren't you going to the show?
Aren't you going to write to Tom?
Aren't you going to the game?
Aren't you going to wait for Tom?
Aren't you going to go there?
Aren't you going to sit with Tom?
Aren't you going to buy that?
Are you certain Tom will do that?
Aren't you going to be there?
You should allow Tom to do that.
Aren't you going out tonight?
Tom tried to do that by himself.
Aren't you free this weekend?
Tom obviously wanted to do that.
Aren't you all finished here?
Tom knew Mary wanted to do that.
Aren't you afraid of heights?
Tom couldn't do that by himself.
Aren't you a science teacher?
I think Tom won't do that today.
Aren't you a college student?
Don't you think we can help Tom?
Aren't you a chemistry major?
Does Tom know why Mary did that?
Aren't both of you bachelors?
Did you ever see Tom after that?
Are you going to sing for us?
Did you ask Tom why he did that?
Did Tom say he did that himself?
Don't you want to eat lunch?
Did Tom really agree to do that?
Don't you want to be famous?
Did Tom know Mary could do that?
Don't you want some of this?
Aren't you still married to Tom?
Don't you want one of these?
Aren't you still angry with Tom?
Don't you understand French?
Aren't you planning to help Tom?
Don't you two work together?
Aren't you going to talk to Tom?
Don't you trust my judgment?
Aren't you going to go with Tom?
Do you want us to leave now?
Are you going to go talk to Tom?
Aren't you working tomorrow?
Tom was asked to do that today.
Aren't you trying your best?
Tom wants you to do that today.
Aren't you the group leader?
Tom thought Mary would do that.
Aren't you taking the train?
Tom thought Mary could do that.
Aren't you still in college?
Tom knew Mary couldn't do that.
Aren't you ready to proceed?
Tom isn't the one who did that.
Aren't you ready to help us?
Tom is finally able to do that.
Aren't you ready to go home?
Don't you want Tom to be happy?
Aren't you ready to do that?
Don't you think Tom would wait?
Aren't you planning to stay?
Does Tom know why you did that?
Aren't you on the committee?
Does Tom have to do that today?
Aren't you off duty tonight?
Does Tom have to do that again?
Aren't you moving to Boston?
Do you think Tom did that well?
Aren't you moving back home?
Do you know if Tom can do that?
Aren't you looking for work?
Did Tom say he would help Mary?
Aren't you in a lot of pain?
Did Tom know you could do that?
Aren't you happy about this?
Did Tom expect Mary to do that?
Aren't you going to help me?
Can we count on Tom to do that?
Aren't you from around here?
Aren't you getting sick of Tom?
Aren't you from Boston, too?
Tom had to do that by himself.
Aren't you fluent in French?
Aren't you ever coming back?
I'm sure Tom wants to do that.
Aren't you coming to dinner?
I doubt that Tom will do that.
Aren't you coming next week?
Don't you want to go with Tom?
Aren't you bothered by this?
Don't you want to be near Tom?
Tom will be sentenced on Monday.
Hi, is this the Boston Public Library?
Politicians everywhere are the same. They promise to build a bridge — even where there is no river.
Americans will always do the right thing — after exhausting all the alternatives.
Tom doesn't mince his words.
Diarrhea is an unpleasant symptom.
Tom can't take credit for that.
Tom will be released on Monday.
I had a wonderful teacher.
I have a great teacher.
I have a wonderful teacher.
There's no use crying over spilled milk.
I need someone to help me with this.
Show the money.
I was stunned by the speed of his reaction.
I was stunned by the speed of her reaction.
They're invited.
Are you going to Japan?
Tom is throwing a party.
Tom was moved by Barack Obama's speech.
Everybody lies, except me.
How often do you have sex?
Do not meddle where you are not called.
He's not as fast as he once was.
He should not come back here.
I'll reach my goal at any cost.
I got my wallet stolen by the man sitting next to me.
Layla found her soulmate.
Layla shouldn't be here today.
In Sin City, everything is a gamble.
Layla found this scary.
Sami was warm and gentle.
Layla found that exciting.
Layla and Sami are taking their relationship to the next level.
Layla and Sami have decided to take their relationship to the next level.
Layla worked at one of the most popular casinos in Vegas.
Layla met Sami's friends.
Layla wanted Sami to meet some of her friends.
Sami was very helpful on the golf course.
Sami taught Layla golf.
Sami showed Layla the right clubs to use.
Layla isn't so bad.
Layla gained Sami's affection.
Sami gently put his hand on Layla's.
Layla didn't feel something like that for a long time.
Layla was very shaken up.
Layla was ready for love again.
Layla joined a popular online dating service.
Layla sent Sami an online Christmas card.
Layla finally agreed to come.
Layla finally agreed to come over.
The chemistry between Layla and Sami was unmistakable.
Layla and Sami took a walk in the evening.
Sami reached into his wallet and gave Layla twenty dollars.
Layla bought a two hundred dollar bottle of wine.
Layla remained skeptical.
Sami taught Layla how to golf.
Layla taught Sami a lot of what he knows.
I will see you later tonight.
Layla didn't worry about it.
Layla and Sami's date got even uglier when he got drunk.
Layla wasn't impressed.
Not everyone was so impressed.
There was a lot of tension between Layla and Sami.
Layla talked to a lot of people.
Layla's curiosity was gnawing at her.
Layla wanted to see who Sami was talking to.
"Can I see your phone?" "I think that this is inappropriate."
"I think that this is inappropriate." "What's inappropriate about it?"
Layla and Sami were having a fierce conversation about money.
Sami was berating Layla.
I have no idea what that was.
Why are you talking to Layla like that?
Layla paid for dinner and left Sami.
What is wrong with me paying the bill?
"What is wrong with me opening the door?" "I find this very emasculating."
Layla was humiliating Sami.
Sami gave Layla the option to come with him.
It looks like things aren't working out between us, so I think that we need to take a break.
I stood up for you and you ignored me.
Layla was instantly angry with Sami.
You made me look like a fool.
Layla probably recognized that something was wrong with her.
I don't think this is working out anymore.
To wash away the bitterness of the breakup, Layla enjoyed a vacation in Egypt.
Layla needed to get out of here.
Layla was on her cellphone as she drove home.
Layla was driving home.
Layla was waiting in the darkness.
Sami was waiting in the darkness and Layla was the prey.
Layla and Sami are crossing the line.
Sami isn't the right guy for you.
Layla probably arrived home before midnight.
Layla always tries her best.
Sami's intent was to kill Layla.
Layla was stabbed four times on her chest.
Sami decided to continue stabbing Layla.
Layla's neighbor called 911.
Sami wanted Layla dead.
Layla was gurgling as Sami strangled her.
Sami strangled Layla until he heard a crack.
Layla received help.
Layla's friends gathered at the hospital.
Layla can't remember the brutal assault.
Layla didn't remember anything.
Layla remembers absolutely nothing of the assault.
The police searched the city for Layla.
No one knows exactly where Layla is.
Sami was out for revenge.
Layla clung to life.
There's a heavy price to pay for betraying Layla.
Sami took Layla's phone and car.
Sami stole Layla's phone and car.
Layla headed back to Cairo.
Layla didn't have Sami's address in Cairo.
There were a lot of things Layla wasn't honest about.
Layla didn't imagine it would go this far.
Sami stabbed a completely innocent person.
Layla was coming back to Cairo.
Layla was driving a stolen car.
Sami confessed to both crimes.
Layla was having breakfast.
Layla was having breakfast on her porch.
Layla took responsibility for what she had done.
Layla will never hurt anyone.
Layla fell in love with a handsome man and got married.
That’s the main thing that I do, and of course off that I have a youtube channel where I make videos of various things, I have a podcast as well.
I am always ready to learn although I do not always like being taught.
The empires of the future are the empires of the mind.
Everybody has a right to pronounce foreign names as he chooses.
Which bed do I sleep in?
What color are you going to dye your hair?
I have not yet read the book you are talking about.
Language is the world in which men live.
I have already read the book you spoke about.
With whom do you wish to speak?
What will you write about?
It's lashing.
If we repeat a lie again and again, it will not become true, but more and more people will believe it.
Those sentences seem to have been taken from a detective novel.
Instead of focusing on the things that divide us, let's focus on the things that unite us.
Instead of focusing on the ways we're different, let's focus on the ways we're similar.
Instead of focusing on our differences, let's focus on our similarities.
Let's focus on what we have in common.
There are more similarities than differences between us.
Can you show me the house?
Who do you wish to speak to?
Aren't you also from Boston?
Does Tom have to do that, too?
Aren't you almost done here?
Do you know when Tom did that?
Aren't you a police officer?
Do you know how Tom does that?
Aren't you a coffee drinker?
Did you expect Tom to do that?
Did Tom say he had to do that?
Did Tom find out who did that?
Did Tom expect you to do that?
Did Tom ever do that with you?
Did Tom do that intentionally?
Could you tell Tom what to do?
Can I count on Tom to do that?
Are you sure Tom will do that?
Are you going to write to Tom?
Don't you want to go first?
Are you going to wait for Tom?
Don't you want one of them?
Doing that was a good idea.
Do you think I ought to go?
Wouldn't Tom like to do that?
Aren't you willing to help?
Aren't you three Canadians?
Aren't you studying French?
Aren't you still on a diet?
Aren't you ready to go yet?
Aren't you on duty tonight?
Tom thought he could do that.
Aren't you making progress?
Aren't you learning French?
Tom thinks I need to do that.
Aren't you kids having fun?
Aren't you in need of help?
Aren't you here to help us?
Tom knows Mary won't do that.
Aren't you here to help me?
Tom knows Mary can't do that.
Aren't you going to fix it?
Tom knew he couldn't do that.
Aren't you going out today?
Tom had to do that yesterday.
Aren't you glad to meet me?
Tom couldn't wait to do that.
Aren't you getting nervous?
Aren't you busy on Mondays?
Aren't you bringing anyone?
Don't you think Tom is right?
Aren't you annoyed by this?
Do you know how Tom did that?
Aren't you annoyed by that?
Do you expect Tom to do that?
Aren't you angry right now?
Do you and Tom work together?
Aren't you already married?
Did Tom say he would do that?
Aren't you alone right now?
Did Tom have to do that, too?
Aren't you almost finished?
Did Tom do that out of spite?
Aren't you a freshman, too?
Could Tom do that by himself?
Aren't you a bachelor, too?
Can we expect Tom to do that?
Are you going to walk home?
Can Tom do that for us today?
Aren't you worried about Tom?
Aren't you going to warn Tom?
Aren't you going to kiss Tom?
Aren't you going to help Tom?
Aren't you a friend of Tom's?
Are you certain Tom did that?
Science doesn't purvey absolute truth. Science is a mechanism. It's a way of trying to improve your knowledge of nature. It's a system for testing your thoughts against the universe and seeing whether they match. And this works, not just for the ordinary aspects of science, but for all of life.
Science without religion is lame, religion without science is blind.
The impression that science is over has occurred many times in various branches of human knowledge, often because of an explosion of discoveries made by a genius or a small group of men in such a short time that average minds could hardly follow and had the unconscious desire to take breath, to get used to the unexpected things that came to be revealed. Dazzled by these new truths, they could not see beyond.
Science is a way of trying not to fool yourself. The first principle is that you must not fool yourself, and you are the easiest person to fool.
Science doesn't know everything.
It's one of the most boring cities in the world.
It's one of the wealthiest cities in the world.
Well, of course science doesn't know everything. But because science doesn't know everything that doesn't mean science knows nothing.
It's one of the richest cities in the world.
It's one of the cleanest cities in the world.
Science and art belong to the whole world, and before them vanish the barriers of nationality.
Whoever desires progress and prosperity, whoever would advance humanity to a higher plane of civilization, must further the work of the scientist in every way he possibly can.
In science, one can learn the most by studying what seems the least.
They could not help us.
They were unable to help us.
They were unable to help me.
They were unable to help her.
They were unable to help him.
He was unable to help me.
He was unable to help her.
He was unable to help him.
He was unable to help them.
Everyone refused to help me.
No one would help me.
I was shunned by society.
They were shunned by society.
He was shunned by society.
She was shunned by society.
It's a small town in the middle of nowhere.
The only way to escape air pollution is to live in the middle of nowhere.
This place seems relatively pollution-free.
This place seems to have relatively low levels of pollution.
What can I do to reduce the air pollution in this city?
Maybe the world would have been better off if the car had never been invented.
Don't slam the door!
Don't you slam the door!
I catch fish and let them go.
The elephant was shot.
These poachers must be caught.
I am incapable of not procrastinating.
I'm incapable of staying focused.
It is too difficult to conquer nature.
We become wiser as the years go on.
I've always imagined Heaven as being a sort of library.
Every language has its particularities.
The Turkish embassy in Buenos Aires is similar to a prison.
The Turkish embassy in Buenos Aires looks like a prison.
The lecture was a total snoozefest.
The lecture was boring.
What is important is not where the words come from, but rather whether they are understood.
I agree with you that today Spanish and Portuguese are as relevant as French, and much more relevant than Italian.
French was the language of diplomacy, and because of this was taught in schools.
The goal, even when a small one, always becomes gooooooooooooooooooal in the mouth of a radio presenter, a full-throated "do" capable of permanently silencing Caruso, and the crowd goes wild, and the stadium forgets it is made of cement and lifts off the ground and into the air.
The enthusiasm that occurs every time the white ball hits the net may seem mysterious or crazy, but it must be kept in mind that the miracle happens infrequently.
The future always begins in the present. Everything you do, or don't do, has some effect on the future.
It was like that when I bought it.
Can we have a discussion about this?
Can we please have a discussion about this?
Can we please discuss this?
When can we have a discussion about this?
I'm incapable of focusing.
I'm incapable of concentrating.
I have to concentrate on my work.
They could not believe their eyes.
What kind of monster would do such a thing?
I love your accent.
I love his accent.
I love her accent.
That accent is so adorable.
I imagine you would do the same thing if you were in my position.
I hate that accent.
The light temporarily blinded me.
The light momentarily blinded me.
They refused to believe what I told them.
I refused to believe what they told me.
I refused to believe such a thing could have happened.
Destroy the phone.
Destroy the computer.
Destroy the evidence.
Tampering with evidence is a serious offense.
How can you call this a free country when you're not allowed to buy a gun?
They refused to approve my loan.
They would not approve my loan.
Nobody would loan me money.
Don't you want to go, too?
We hope Tom doesn't do that.
Don't you want to do this?
Don't you want to be rich?
Don't you want to be here?
Tom wasn't ready to do that.
Don't you want my opinion?
Tom was thrilled to do that.
Don't you want me to wait?
Don't you want me to help?
Don't you think we'll win?
Doing that was a bad idea.
Tom really likes to do that.
Aren't you three brothers?
Tom really likes doing that.
Aren't you sick of me yet?
Aren't you seeing someone?
Tom knows Mary will do that.
Aren't you seeing anybody?
Tom and I did that together.
Aren't you recording this?
I thought Tom did that well.
Aren't you ready to start?
Can Tom get Mary to do that?
Aren't you ready to leave?
Aren't you younger than Tom?
Aren't you ready to begin?
Aren't you still seeing Tom?
Aren't you ready for more?
Aren't you still mad at Tom?
Aren't you having fun yet?
Aren't you still dating Tom?
Aren't you going to do it?
Aren't you going to see Tom?
Aren't you getting hungry?
Aren't you friends with Tom?
Aren't you from Australia?
Aren't you Tom's girlfriend?
Aren't you free on Monday?
You should let Tom do that.
Aren't you done with this?
Aren't you doing anything?
Aren't you dating anybody?
Tom was anxious to do that.
Aren't you coming with me?
Aren't you coming back in?
Aren't you claustrophobic?
Tom thought Mary was crazy.
Aren't you busy on Monday?
Tom needs to do that today.
Aren't you afraid of dogs?
Tom needed to go back home.
Tom did that intentionally.
Is that really Tom's fault?
I'm sure Tom could do that.
I'm sure Tom can't do that.
I think Tom is a good cook.
I think Tom does that well.
Does Tom do that for money?
Mary is kind of charming.
Does Tom do that every day?
Mary is a gorgeous woman.
Do you want Tom to do that?
Mary can't have children.
Did Tom do that on purpose?
Let's go to the aquarium.
Did Tom do that on his own?
Let's eat lunch together.
Did Tom do that by himself?
It's really damp in here.
Aren't you taller than Tom?
It's really cold in here.
Aren't you looking for Tom?
I've been hungry all day.
Aren't you and Tom enemies?
I'm sure that isn't true.
Tomorrow is Tom's day off.
I wish that I could help.
Tom needs to do that soon.
Doing that was difficult.
Tom let Mary in the house.
Was that book enjoyable?
I think Tom won't do that.
The youth of all countries want to talk about their hopes and experiences, but the problem of language remains; the Internet has only solved the problem of distance.
"Language" and "dialect" are just labels; changing the label doesn't change the substance.
Nostalgia ain't what it used to be.
You've found a very apt translation.
Our university medical center is conducting this investigation under the strict control of the Health Ministry.
From the research results published to date, it can be concluded that the new method will soon be usable in practice.
During the medical treatment, a helmet-shaped device is used, which, with the help of a magnetic field, induces weak electric currents in the brain, which stimulate the nervous system.
What time do we start work?
What time do we finish work?
What time is the break?
Do you offer accommodation?
Do you need a worker?
He wrote many thousands of sentences using a vocabulary of a few dozen words.
That is just a lie.
When someone is diabetic, they excrete sugar in their urine.
Tom and Mary built their own house.
Tom and Mary live in a treehouse.
An insistance on ideological purity and an unwillingness to compromise leads to an inability to get things done.
Everything he’s done has been a complete disaster.
My conscience does not blame me.
Head to head I speak with him.
Facts and figures speak for themselves.
My past speaks for me.
Let us examine the reasons, which seem to speak for the proposal.
History is a highly politicized subject.
History is political only because people make it political.
History is politicized, but it doesn't have to be.
I can understand it, but I can't speak it.
I can understand the language, but I can't speak it.
I can understand your language, but I can't speak it.
I can understand English, but I can't speak it.
I can understand Russian, but I can't speak it.
I can understand German, but I can't speak it.
I can understand Spanish, but I can't speak it.
I can understand Portuguese, but I can't speak it.
I can understand Italian, but I can't speak it.
I can understand Greek, but I can't speak it.
I can understand Czech, but I can't speak it.
I can understand Polish, but I can't speak it.
I can understand Dutch, but I can't speak it.
I can understand Norwegian, but I can't speak it.
I can understand Swedish, but I can't speak it.
I can understand Danish, but I can't speak it.
I can understand Icelandic, but I can't speak it.
I can understand all the Scandinavian languages.
I have studied all the national Romance languages.
I have studied all the national Germanic languages.
I have studied all the national Slavic languages.
I can understand Slavic languages, but I can't speak them.
I can understand Germanic languages, but I can't speak them.
I can understand Romance languages, but I can't speak them.
I can understand Serbian, but I can't speak it.
I can understand Hungarian, but I can't speak it.
I can understand Slovak, but I can't speak it.
I can understand Romanian, but I can't speak it.
I can understand Bulgarian, but I can't speak it.
I can understand Croatian, but I can't speak it.
I can understand Slovene, but I can't speak it.
I can understand Ukrainian, but I can't speak it.
I can understand Estonian, but I can't speak it.
I can understand Finnish, but I can't speak it.
I can understand Lithuanian, but I can't speak it.
I can understand Latvian, but I can't speak it.
I can understand Turkish, but I can't speak it.
I can understand French, but I can't speak it.
I can understand Maltese, but I can't speak it.
I can understand Arabic, but I can't speak it.
I can understand Hindi, but I can't speak it.
I can understand Chinese, but I can't speak it.
I understand your arguments. I disagree with them, but I understand them.
Why does he keep lying?
If you want to do that, embrace it. Don't lie about it.
They are going straight to hell.
You are selling your soul.
He will throw them under the bus.
Even a fly feels, when you torture it.
Frost tormented her terribly.
Tormented by hunger, a wolf fears nothing.
I had the right to take revenge.
He swore he would take revenge in a terrible way.
If you don't have enough evidence to convince the other person you're right, make stuff up.
Yes, we will take revenge, they whispered to one another.
I have enough courage to avenge myself of the offenses, which they do to me.
So I will find a way to take revenge against you.
My death should be avenged just as I want!
I can understand many foreign languages, but I can't speak any of them.
I lack the words to describe my emotions.
Some individuals get offended at the suggestion that their native language might have foreign influences.
I've never seen the sea.
Can we get Tom to do that?
I wish I wasn't married.
I was just about to eat.
Tom was obviously sleepy.
Tom was looking for help.
I value your friendship.
Tom was anxious to leave.
I tried doing just that.
Tom tried to defend Mary.
I think you ought to go.
Tom slammed on the brake.
I think we're all tired.
Tom obviously needed help.
Tom is trying to do that.
Tom has to do that today.
What did they do to Tom?
Tom's ordeal isn't over.
Tom will certainly come.
It's really quiet here.
Tom was easy to talk to.
It's really noisy here.
Tom wanted a big family.
Tom thinks I need to go.
Tom did that last night.
Yesterday Tom was sick.
Why won't you help Tom?
What do you fear most?
Tom wrote Mary a check.
This worries me a lot.
That's a very bad pun.
Tom was very terrified.
Mary looked beautiful.
Tom was there for Mary.
It's really cold here.
Tom was sick yesterday.
Tom was really careful.
Tom was obviously busy.
Tom was fun to talk to.
Tom wants you to leave.
Doing that was tiring.
Tom took off his pants.
Tom took his pants off.
It's really hot here.
Tom sat down and cried.
I think we need this.
Who's Tom waiting for?
Tom was quite unhappy.
Tom really liked Mary.
Tom needed to do that.
Tom liked his old car.
Doing that was hard.
Tom forgot to do that.
Doing that was easy.
Tom went to the mall.
Tom tried to do that.
Tom needs to do that.
Mary was a tomboy.
Tom likes Mary's car.
I walked downtown.
Tom liked Mary's car.
Tom left early today.
That's a bad pun.
Tom thought so, too.
Is it a bomb?
Tom outsmarted Mary.
It's a bomb.
Tom traveled alone.
Tom was a mastermind.
Tom was out with his friends.
You didn't tell him what his father wrote in that letter.
I can understand Korean, but I can't speak it.
I can understand Japanese, but I can't speak it.
I can understand Thai, but I can't speak it.
I can understand Vietnamese, but I can't speak it.
I can understand Hebrew, but I can't speak it.
I have the right to express my opinion!
I understand Welsh, but I can't speak it.
I understand Irish, but I can't speak it.
I understand Scottish Gaelic, but I can't speak it.
He speaks like someone who learned the language from books.
You talk like someone who's learned the language from books.
I can understand French fairly well, but I'm not good at speaking it.
I understand French fairly well when I read it, but I have trouble understanding spoken French.
It was a bit awkward.
I can read French, but I can't speak it very well.
I can read French, but I'm not good at speaking it.
My high school French teacher was a native speaker.
My high school French teacher wasn't a native speaker.
I'd prefer to study French from a native speaker.
The school Tom goes to is looking for a new French teacher.
We need to hire another French teacher.
I've watched many French movies.
I've learned to speak French a little better.
I found out Tom speaks very good French.
Tom has been studying French with Mary two or three times a week.
When did you find out that Tom didn't know how to speak French?
Tom didn't learn to speak French until he was in his thirties.
Tom knew Mary wasn't likely to know how to speak French.
Tom didn't know who his French teacher was going to be.
When did you find out that Tom couldn't speak French?
We've been studying French for the last three years.
I've been studying French for the last three years.
I was impressed by how well Tom could speak French.
I heard that you want to learn how to speak French.
Tom heard Mary say that she couldn't speak French.
I didn't know that Tom could speak French so well.
I think Tom sounds like a native French speaker.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice can all speak French.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all can speak French.
Tom doesn't sound like a native French speaker.
Tom has been studying French for a long time.
I thought you knew Tom couldn't speak French.
I didn't realize that Tom didn't know French.
We've been studying French for three years.
Tom didn't know Mary couldn't speak French.
Is Tom really any good at speaking French?
I thought you knew Tom could speak French.
I don't know if Tom speaks French or not.
I was asked if Tom could speak French.
I heard that you want to learn French.
Tom's French is getting much better.
Tom's French has gotten much better.
Tom didn't know how to speak French.
Tom and I both can speak French.
Tom is still studying French.
Ah, I've chattered on too much haven't I.
Wouldn't a little more of a balanced diet be best?
Because a food grudge is terrifying, isn't it?
What a sad thing to say.
Afterwards, the kind of thing one would regret was done.
Tom is living on an allowance from his parents.
One can walk to school in ten minutes.
It's just impossible to do.
Thank you very much. Once again, I have learned a lot.
Tom looked up at the starry sky.
For a bungler like me, I think I really did my best.
For various reasons, the departure will be postponed.
I forgave Tom, but I'll never forgive you.
Tom disassembled the clock.
Everyone was carrying a log?
Once in a while, go outside and get some exercise.
There's a movie theatre on the east side of the plaza, about ten minutes walk from here.
Do you think Tom did that on purpose?
How long are you going to cling to past glory.
Me, I hate people who are indiscriminately friendly.
Little by little I'm getting angry.
The reading of the day of rain is proceeding.
This time the scope of the test won't be so broad?
I wonder if the rainy season isn't coming soon.
Tom took the clock apart.
Tom took the watch apart.
I wish the rainy season would end soon.
I recommend contributing sentences in your own native language, since people will be able to trust that what you have contributed is likely to be good and natural-sounding.
Even if some sentences by non-native speakers are good, it's really hard to trust that they are good, so members would be helping us much more by limiting their contributions to sentences in their own native languages.
Remember that the purpose of the Tatoeba Project is to create example sentences that can be used for studying languages. It's not really a place to be contributing non-native language sentences for others to correct for you.
It's bad enough to learn something correctly, and then get it wrong. It's a lot worse to spend time learning something that is incorrect, thinking it's correct.
I was pulled over by a policeman today.
I was pulled over by a policeman on a motorcycle.
Tom was pulled over by a policeman who gave him a ticket for speeding.
Tom was pulled over by a policeman who gave him a speeding ticket.
I was pulled over by a motorcycle cop.
I was pulled over by a policeman for going thirty kilometers over the speed limit.
Tom called Mary before breakfast.
Tom couldn't hold onto the rope any longer.
She bought a new "moxiong".
Why is it after all this time, I still cannot learn English well?
She let me sit by her.
This bottle of yogurt does not contain lactose.
This bottle of yogurt is lactose-free.
I wasn't able to help you.
I couldn't help you.
Tom is not a good driver.
I can speak Standard Chinese (Putonghua), Southwestern Mandarin, Wu Chinese, and Spanish.
This question is not that simple.
He cannot speak English, neither can he speak French.
Sell wine?
I stayed up all night again.
I had another all-nighter.
How's the weather today?
The weather today's great, with no rain, clear skies, and a perfect temperature.
Even the best cars emit carbon dioxide.
They caught us by surprise.
We ambushed them.
They ambushed us.
How can I call a cab?
Are there any taxis in this town?
Where's the bus station?
Where can I find a cab?
I need someone to proofread my thesis.
I need someone to proofread my essay.
I need someone to proofread my book.
I can't speak your language very well.
They failed to repulse our attack.
I'm studying too many languages to start learning a new one.
I find his language vulgar.
Arrows can't pierce the dragon's scales.
Ordinary arrows can't pierce the dragon's scales.
The dragon's scales can't be pierced by ordinary arrows.
To tell the truth, I don't like translating.
Could we go faster? I'm late.
Which language do you want to learn?
He despises the weak, whom Jesus always sided with.
The dragon can't be killed with ordinary weapons.
Kill the dragon.
Kill the dragons.
The dragon must die.
The dragons must die.
He was eaten by a dragon.
They were eaten by a dragon.
They were slaughtered by dragons.
That makes me feel good, and also lessens my workload.
I command you to release me!
I demand to speak to your manager!
The king must die.
The queen must die.
The prince must die.
The princess must die.
The eighth big band is the best.
Is that a leopard?
Tom has dermatitis.
The company has a catchy slogan.
The clinicians discussed each patient during their hospital rounds.
The president repeatedly spoke of security, underscoring the need for better intelligence.
I think you are overreacting.
Let me just go through that again.
over the months that followed.
He needs to be removed from office.
Layla was screaming and struggling.
Layla and Sami were involved in a pretty intense relationship.
Layla was just trying to find her way in life.
Layla never got in trouble.
Layla was probably fourteen at the time.
Layla brought a friend over to her house.
Layla always knew where to look for Sami.
Layla was a normal fifteen-year-old girl.
Layla was rejected by her family.
Layla and Sami were walking on the street, holding hands.
Layla struggled with bullies at school.
Layla's mother wasn't around.
Layla went to the cemetery.
Layla had a very painful childhood.
Layla's mother was a stripper.
Layla's mother had drug issues.
Layla started having sexual encounters.
Layla had a very difficult childhood.
Layla had a tough childhood.
Layla was extremely unstable.
Layla had sex with people for drugs.
Layla treated her son Sami poorly.
Layla and Sami's relationship fell apart.
Layla would protect her son at any cost.
Layla and Sami were going to do whatever it took to be together for ever.
Layla was very dependent on Sami.
Layla was the only person who understood Sami and cared for him.
Layla had a reputation for doing hard drugs.
Layla's mother was arrested for drugs.
Layla's grandparents lived just a mile away.
Layla taught Sunday school classes.
Layla took Sami on a camping trip.
Layla is a bad influence on Salima.
Layla was doing drugs with Sami.
Layla was determined not to let Sami become a drug addict.
Layla broke her mother's rules.
Layla and Sami will never see each other again.
Layla snuck out at night.
Layla and Sami did drugs together.
I don't really like Professor Miller's teaching methods.
Layla was much more mad.
Layla's frustration with her parents turned to hate.
Layla lit up a cigarette.
Layla put her cigarette out on Sami's new truck.
Layla and Sami was high on drugs.
Layla couldn't have carried this murder alone.
Layla panicked and screamed.
Layla forbade her daughter from seeing Sami again.
Layla watched in shock.
Layla pled for Sami's help.
Layla realized that she was losing the battle.
Layla came with her grandmother.
Layla and Sami were a very gruesome couple of killers.
Layla and Sami behaved in a barbaric way.
Layla is a good friend of Salima's.
Layla needed to take a shower.
Layla lived a few miles away.
Layla could smell that metallic iron smell of blood.
Layla took a shower and changed clothes.
Layla was there on the floor.
I will find you and I will buy you.
Layla poked her head into Sami's room.
Layla had pictures of her in a bikini.
Layla was calling and telling her friends to watch the news.
Layla was armed and dangerous.
Layla should be put to death.
Layla was sentenced to two consecutive life sentences.
Layla and Sami were sent to two different prisons.
Layla and Sami were separated for the rest of their lives.
Layla had a different life.
Layla had a regular job.
Layla was under the influence of drugs and alcohol.
Would you hook up to the experience machine?
Layla and Sami were like caged animals.
Layla grew up in a historic town near Philadelphia.
Layla and Sami had a special bond.
Layla was an artistic and brilliant girl.
Layla was very nice to everybody.
Layla and Salima were extremely good friends.
Layla had a supportive family.
Layla was very introverted.
Layla kept to herself a lot.
Layla was very quiet.
Layla didn't have a lot of friends.
Layla took Salima under her wing.
Layla met Sami and they immediately started dating.
Layla's life will change for ever.
Layla looked at me as if there was something wrong.
Layla wasn't talking to us.
She likes to drink strawberry-flavored yogurt.
Layla, Sami, and Salima were high school seniors.
Layla suffered a mysterious seizure.
Layla was admitted to the emergency room.
Layla isn't doing well.
Layla kept saying she didn't know.
Layla and Sami's problems can be traced back more than a year.
Layla started dating Sami.
She does not like to eat coconut-flavored things.
Layla developed a relationship with Sami.
Layla didn't really socialize with a lot of people outside.
Layla noticed changes in her son.
Layla was very depressed.
Layla checked on Sami to make sure he was OK.
Layla and Sami spent more time together.
Layla wanted so desperately to be in love.
Layla decided that she needed to express her feelings to Sami.
Layla really cared for Sami.
Layla wanted to be part of the group.
Layla responded with a letter of her own.
Layla felt abandoned.
Layla met a boy.
Layla wanted to win Sami back.
Layla wanted to win Sami over.
Layla ordered cyanide online.
Layla used her mother's credit card.
Layla was so obsessed with Sami.
Layla saw no other option.
Layla wasn't equipped to deal with that.
Layla went to Sami's house to play videogames.
Layla is unresponsive but she's breathing.
Layla was consoling Sami.
Layla attempted to console Sami's parents.
Layla was the last person to see Sami before he had a seizure.
Layla and Sami were playing videogames.
Layla was overly defensive.
Layla has been planning this for months.
Layla just doesn't care about me anymore.
Layla bought cyanide on the Internet.
Layla was poisened with cyanide.
Layla passed away three days after she was poisoned. She was sixteen years old.
Layla didn't know how to deal with the consequences of her actions.
Layla was on an antidepressant.
Layla was friends with Salima.
Layla resented Sami.
Layla represented everything that Salima couldn't be.
Layla used poisoning as a means to murder.
Layla planned the murder with the intention of getting away with it.
Layla felt that she had lost her best friend.
Layla had a very dark side about her.
Layla was a very troubled kid.
Layla started using LSD.
Layla was capable of manipulation and control.
Layla wasn't capable of love.
Layla wanted to get rid of Sami.
Layla was given too much freedom.
Layla hoped for a piece of the American dream.
Layla and Sami met, fell in love and soon married.
Layla was very outgoing, loving, and caring.
Layla was able to find a work.
Layla was making dollars an hour.
Layla was a work addict.
Layla chose to be the university star of the family.
Layla was doing quite well in school.
Layla was the future of our family.
Layla was everything Salima was not.
Layla didn't like Sami at all.
Layla became cruel towards Sami.
Layla mopped and swept the house.
Layla was the good child of the family.
Layla said nothing to nobody.
Layla tried to use religion to protect her children from the evils of this world.
Layla grew up in a working-class area.
Layla is Sami's youngest child.
Layla and Sami was very active in their church.
Layla and Sami knocked on doors to spread the good word.
Layla tried to have her children to abide by the rules of the church.
Layla doesn't celebrate birthdays.
Layla didn't say who she was.
Layla didn't have very many friends.
Layla was a much larger student than her classmates.
Layla has been drinking since she was ten years old.
Layla wasn't allowed to participate in the basketball team.
Layla had serious anger issues.
Layla's drinking got worse and worse.
Layla's IQ was lower than Sami's.
Layla placed many religious restrictions on her children.
Layla was more into the Nazi ideology.
Layla drank all the alcohol.
Layla received threats from a skinhead movement.
Layla joined a neo-Nazi camp.
Layla and Sami became the foot soldiers of a neo-Nazi movement.
Layla was ready to fight for the cause.
Layla was much more intelligent that Sami.
Layla thought she was better than other people.
Layla's behavior went out of control.
Layla talked with me.
Layla was concerned about her kids.
Layla put a padlock on her door.
Layla didn't want to get Sami in any kind of trouble.
Layla wasn't able to help Sami.
Layla started crossing the line.
Layla realized things had gone too far and decided to take action.
Layla burned all of Aart's books about racist literature.
Layla was sitting on a timebomb.
Layla broke ties with her parents' religion.
Layla didn't realize the terrible consequences of her actions.
Layla thought that that would work.
Jesus Christ, that's some next-level nightmare fuel right there.
Layla went to a tattoo parlor and got a neo-Nazi tattoo on her forehead.
Layla had a swastika tattooed on her forehead.
Layla had a message of hate tattooed on her forehead.
Baya wasn't permitted to be in that house.
Sami crawled into the window.
Layla and Sami had a struggle.
Layla and Sami had an argument.
Layla had a struggle with Sami.
Layla stabbed Sami again.
Layla was asleep in her bedroom.
Layla never woke up.
Layla and Sami were closely related.
Layla fled the scene.
Layla arrived at Sami's house for one of her regular visits.
Layla discovered Sami's body in his home.
Layla is also missing.
Layla was also involved in this cult.
Layla joined a white-supremacy group.
Layla and Sami were scared.
Layla heard Sami talking about killing the principal.
Layla locked her door.
Layla left the house.
Layla's head was shaved.
Layla wanted to attract attention.
Layla and Sami went on the run.
Layla was taken into custody.
Layla soon discovered that Sami had been cheating on her.
Layla has got something to say.
Layla's behavior has gotten out of control.
Layla hated her little brother.
Layla resented her little brother.
Layla told Sami that she would kill him.
Layla abused her little brother.
Layla decided to take action.
Layla continued to hope that.
Layla left the house before PM.
Layla was full with rage.
Layla lived nearby.
Layla was also involved in that crime.
Layla was wondering what would happen next.
Layla left school at noon.
Layla heard Jim talking about killing a black teacher.
Layla had her head shaved.
Layla's car was spotted by a trucker who called law enforcement.
There are hours in a day, minutes in an hour, and seconds in a minute.
Layla was immediately taken into custody.
Layla was captured.
Layla was actually involved in the murder.
Layla had to have been in the room when Sami was killed.
Layla was tried as a juvenile.
Layla was tried as an adult.
Layla was put in jail for the rest of her life.
Layla can never be rehabilitated.
Layla is not the same girl now as when she was 16.
Layla and Sami were born with perfect brains.
Layla had the capacity for moral reasoning.
Layla was a timebomb waiting to explode.
Layla, Sami, and Salima were three psychopathic killers.
Layla was stripped of her innocence.
Layla's nightmare was just beginning.
Layla was bullied in class.
Layla shot nine times.
Layla's dark fantasies found their spark.
Layla lived in an upper-middle-class neighborhood.
Layla was a secretary at a church.
Layla was a Sunday school teacher.
Layla was a very quiet girl. You wouldn't even know she was there.
Layla was a champion swimmer at her high school.
Layla achieved more easily than Sami.
Layla still felt like the black sheep of the family.
Layla was diagnosed with a learning disability.
Sami didn't have very many friends in the neighborhood.
Layla lived in the shadow of big sister Salima.
Layla seemed to be a very sensitive girl.
Layla resented the pressure to be like her sister.
Layla was ill-prepared to make that big transition.
Layla began to develop a very deep-seated hatred towards white people.
Sami's classes have become harder.
Layla was struggling more and more.
Layla did her best to support Sami with tutors.
Layla came to speak to us.
Layla wanted to get help for Sami.
Layla was so withdrawn and didn't socialize.
Layla was angry and depressed.
Layla reached a tipping point.
Layla lived only a few miles away.
Layla's murder became huge news.
Layla wasn't receiving the attention and notoriety that she wanted.
Layla saw in that a solution to her problem.
Layla failed her Arabic test.
Layla decided it was time.
Layla knew that her brother was coming home.
Layla felt that she would always be a nobody compared to her sister.
Layla decided that it was finally time to shine.
Sami lied in wait for Layla.
Layla shot her mother but she didn't die.
Layla grabbed her mother by the collar of her shirt and dragged her.
Layla came home slightly after Sami.
Layla shot her father in his stomach.
Layla was brutally shot to death by her brother.
Layla arrived home at six o'clock.
Layla saw the blood trail leading to her parents' bodies.
Layla's shotgun was missing.
Layla changed rather quickly.
Layla committed a copycat killing.
Layla was a copycat criminal.
Layla wanted Sami to come home.
Layla waited for Sami to come home.
Layla murdered her entire family.
Layla's vehicle was found along an Interstate in Missouri.
Layla volunteerly surrendered.
Layla was going to be tried as an adult.
Layla had an undiagnosed mental illness.
Layla had been fantasizing about killing her parents since the age of nine.
Layla was angry and confused.
Layla will spend the rest of her life behind bars.
Layla had virtually no coping skills.
Poverty isn't a lack of character; it's a lack of money.
Layla suffered from psychosis.
Layla didn't know what she was doing.
Layla was not shocked by the verdict.
Layla knew something was wrong.
Layla could have been treated.
Layla was locked up for treatment.
Layla started reading books about neo-Nazi philosophy.
Layla could have been anyone's daughter.
Layla was socially isolated.
Layla was in shock.
Layla's only alternative was to kill Sami.
Layla had problems at school.
Layla was a teenager and she couldn't handle her abandonment by herself.
Layla grew up in a middle-class neighborhood.
Layla lived in a neighborhood where anybody would like to raise a family.
Layla found numerous shell cases in the corridor.
Layla's death left the community in shock.
Layla was a popular girl in high school.
Layla had recently lost her mom and her dad was getting remarried.
Layla finished her senior year.
Layla stayed in the house with Sami.
Layla and Sami lived there without parents.
Layla and Sami started having parties in their house.
I wish I were you.
Layla befriended Sami's sister.
Layla was one year behind Sami and Salima.
Layla liked her high school.
Layla developed a condition called alopecia.
Sami had no hair.
Layla was picked on and ridiculed at school.
Layla's condition caused her some social damage.
Layla had no mother to support her.
Layla's dad died in a construction accident.
Layla had problems with drugs.
Layla chose drugs over her son Sami.
Layla and Sami were in the same social circle.
Layla seemed to be sympathetic to Sami's situation.
Layla and Sami did their homework together.
Layla was able to overcome her feelings of insecurity.
Layla felt loved.
Layla and Sami remained friends.
Layla became very popular at Bakir High School.
Layla left high school.
Layla and Sami had a loving relationship.
Layla isn't crazy.
Layla attached to Sami strongly.
Layla and Sami graduated and moved in together.
Layla tried to distance herself as much as she could from Sami.
Layla felt she was losing her friends.
Layla didn't have the social skills to understand that a disagreement with her friends didn't mean a rejection from them.
Layla felt threatened.
Layla got angry.
Layla started dating Sami at high school.
Layla found numerous shell cases in the doorway.
Layla's body was on the couch.
Layla's body was on the floor.
Layla tried to run and get away.
Layla and Sami were friends.
Layla slipped into a deep depression over the loss of her best friend, Salima.
Layla moved away.
Layla told Sami that they should never see or talk to each other again.
Layla started using heroin.
Layla used drugs to escape.
Layla ended up in a rehab facility in Cairo.
Layla and Sami got married immediately after graduation.
Layla and Sami were very close.
Layla began to tell Sami some of the stories of her life.
Layla was jailed for three long years.
He closed himself in the cellar.
Layla offered a 100,dollar reward for anyone who could help her find Sami.
Layla couldn't be found at all.
Layla found Sami at a small motel in Vegas where he was living with his new wife, Salima.
Layla would have been dead in a couple of days.
Sami was taken to a Cairo hospital for treatment.
Layla was devastated for what happened to Sami.
Layla promised you that, didn't she?
Layla revealed detectives something they didn't expect.
Layla went in the house.
Layla was standing right behind Sami.
Layla started crying.
Layla was praying.
Layla put her hand on top of Sami's.
Layla's story didn't match any of the evidence.
I will open your graves.
Layla hoped to find the truth.
Layla was so skinny that she seemed almost like a walking skeleton.
Layla opened the door for Sami.
Layla was being shot while she was running.
Layla was crawling on the floor.
Layla looked at Sami with a bewildered look.
Layla's story was unbelievable.
Can't you be a little more patient?
Layla rejected her boyfriend.
What a time to be alive!
Layla went into a rage.
Layla unleashed her pure fury.
Layla betrayed Sami's trust.
Layla suffered from antisocial personality disorder.
Layla couldn't cope with Sami's loss.
Layla was charged with capital murder.
Layla was never seen alive again.
Layla died of a drug overdose in the woods behind her house.
Layla was raised in a toxic environment.
Layla grew up in a toxic environment.
Layla lived in a comfortable house.
Layla was socially isolated by her parents, especially her mother.
Layla suffered from borderline personality disorder.
Layla suffered from a severe depression.
Layla's father was an electrician.
Layla and Sami had a tumultuous marriage.
Layla was living in her very dark world.
Layla moved a thousand miles and a world away from Sami.
Layla was unable to make friends.
Layla's home was the only place where she had control.
Layla became interested in boys and sex.
Layla exhibited a strange behavior.
Layla took action.
Layla locked her son Sami in the basement.
Layla was acting out in very violent ways.
Layla was torturing herself.
Layla will go to the gas chamber for her crimes.
Layla died of poisonous gases.
Layla's behavior crossed the line.
Layla felt completely trapped.
Layla saw only one way out of this nightmare.
Layla saw her father.
Layla has been remarried.
Layla was tragically rejected by her mother.
Layla had a disconnected and twisted mind.
Layla suffered from her parents' divorce.
Layla's father didn't want her anymore.
Layla's mother is the person that hurt her the most.
Layla's increasingly odd behavior worried her parents a lot.
Layla owned a seventeen acre farm.
Layla was already fifteen years old.
Layla had nothing in common with her parents.
Layla lived in a rural area.
Layla wasn't in a position to be raising a child Sami's age.
Layla tried to discipline Sami.
Layla took off to run some errands.
Layla's mother is the person she hated the most in the world.
Layla went outside.
Layla looked back through the window.
Layla shot Sami several times and she also stabbed him.
Layla came home some ten to fifteen minutes later.
Layla waited for the cops.
Layla wasted no time sharing her grisly crime with the police.
Layla said she had killed Sami to see how it would feel.
Layla was convicted as a juvenile for the murder of her parents.
Layla and Sami got into an argument.
Layla's phone rang at four o'clock in the morning.
Layla discovered her mother's body in the woods behind her home.
Layla killed her grandparents at age fifteen.
Layla wanted to keep talking about it.
Layla enjoyed talking about her crimes.
Layla was diagnosed as being a psychopath.
Layla fantasized about killing her mother her entire life.
Layla mutilated and killed small animals.
Layla was raised in a very toxic environment.
Layla and Sami have to be vigilant.
Layla was behind bars.
Layla was in a high security prison.
Layla was caged behind the bars of a high security prison.
Layla worked both sides of the law.
Layla was handed three life sentences.
Layla was serving as a sergeant in the US armed forces.
Layla got out to the roof of the prison.
Layla charmed her way into a skills training program for prisoners.
Layla worked on many criminal cases.
It was a source of sustenance.
Layla, a ballet dancer, was extremely fit.
Layla's job gave her access to lots of confidential information.
Layla was six foot tall.
Layla covered herself up with paper bags.
Layla could barely breathe.
Layla could barely move in the trunk.
Layla was waiting for the mail truck.
Layla was sweltering in a degree heat.
Layla was in a maximum security prison.
Layla worked at the warehouse.
Tom kept two or three cows for the sustenance of his family.
Layla was in the trunk probably for three or four hours.
Layla was just an innocent jogger.
Layla didn't know there was a prison in the area.
Layla didn't even know there was a maximum security prison in the area.
Layla was a prison escapee.
Layla was in the military.
Layla jogged off.
Sami was spotted in a suspicious van near Cairo.
Layla made a big mistake.
Layla blocked the entrance to the garage.
Layla was a convicted murderer.
Layla finally lost a game she played so well.
Layla was arrested in Cairo, Egypt.
Layla was caged behind the bars of a state-of-the-art facility.
Layla still feels that pain.
Layla had that feeling again.
Layla noticed Sami.
Layla opened the closet.
Layla thought she found the right man.
Layla didn't want to work for the prison.
Layla's new job gave her access to confidential prison files.
Layla had many weak points.
Layla and Sami used Salima as their go-between.
Sami placed plastic explosive near the window.
Sami stuck plastic explosive on the window.
Layla was waiting for Sami in the getaway car.
Sami's car crashed into a bus shelter.
Layla is armed and dangerous.
Layla shot Sami three times.
Layla was shot twice in the chest.
Layla had no known accomplices.
Layla had no socks on.
Layla was badly injured.
Layla ordered a meal for Sami.
Layla ate the fish and chips.
Layla ordered a steak.
Layla woke up at AM the next morning.
Layla tipped off the police about Sami's visit.
Layla's body was found in the Australian bush just outside Alice Springs.
Layla took no chances.
Sami pulled his dog back.
Layla wasn't killed by a police bullet.
Layla was formally charged with attempted murder.
Most of the women credit card holders are judicious in using their cards.
What is important is that they use their vote judiciously.
The lilies open their little chalices in the sun.
Father, remove this cup from me!
If the cup fills too much, the wine overflows.
No, I'm not hungry.
Layla was acquitted.
Layla and Sami met again.
Layla and Sami still live in Cairo.
Layla and Sami are the parents of two young sons.
Layla never dates strangers.
Layla's will to live was all she had to survive.
Layla and Sami were on the beach.
Layla was excited and nervous at the same time.
Layla was going out with a new guy she liked.
Layla was really excited that day.
Layla and Sami met at the mall.
Layla and Sami agreed to meet at the mall.
Layla was pretty nervous.
Layla has become an important part of Sami's life.
Layla was a little bit shy.
Layla felt very lonely.
Layla still lives in Cairo.
Layla struck up a conversation with Sami.
Layla and Sami made a picture together.
Layla felt pretty comfortable with Sami.
Layla had another idea in mind.
Layla wanted to go pick up her friend.
Layla's car is really nice.
Layla's personality on the phone totally matched her personality in real life.
Layla's voice really matches her face.
Layla and Sami meet here all the time.
Layla called her friend.
Sami and Layla were stuck waiting.
Layla is in the parking lot right now.
Layla moved to the back seat.
Layla thought she was going to have a romantic evening with Sami.
Layla thought she was going to have a great date with Sami.
Layla was on her first date with Sami.
Layla and Sami's date was turning romantic.
Layla couldn't believe that that was happening to her.
Layla was in a dangerous situation.
Layla was at Sami's mercy.
Layla kissed Sami softly on the mouth.
Layla lied to Sami.
Layla said she was ugly.
Layla thought she was going to die that night.
Layla nearly died.
Layla asked Sami to kill her.
Layla was victim to Sami's every perverse whim.
Layla was enjoying this.
Layla ripped the duct tape off her eyes.
Layla was waiting to pick up her niece.
Layla heard her cellphone ringing.
Layla deserved to be hated.
Layla will be so mad at you.
Layla has never seen anything like that.
Layla's new approach is incredibly dangerous.
Layla was kissing Sami.
Layla started pretending she really enjoyed that.
Layla was like surprised.
Layla liked the kissing.
Layla was disgusted by Sami.
Layla kissed Sami back.
Layla wanted to touch Sami's face.
Layla's demeanor changed.
Layla's daring plan worked.
Layla lost interest in that.
Layla left Sami unsatisfied.
Layla's first date was a nightmare.
Layla was on the pavement, gasping for air.
Layla found a way to safety.
Layla would never feel secure when Sami is around.
Layla tried to lure Sami to where the police could catch him.
Layla started to talk to him.
Layla tried her best to seduce Sami.
Layla immediately wanted to meet Sami.
Layla had thirty minutes to arrive there.
Layla has just passed.
Layla turned white.
Layla jumped out of her car.
Layla got arrested.
Layla wasn't going to get away with this again.
Layla had duct tape in the pocket of her pants.
Layla's real name is Salima Bakir.
Layla was convicted of torture.
Layla chose to do that.
Layla had never seen that happen before.
No, I'm not thirsty.
Layla loves you all.
Layla went to bed at PM.
God breathed into his nostrils the breath of life.
She did not stop to regain her breath.
The breath of the horses rose in winter air.
You might have the best product in the world, but if no one knows it exists, it is as if it had never been invented.
You shouldn't call people you disagree with idiots, even if they really are incorrect.
One can be incorrect without being an idiot.
One can be an idiot while being correct.
Don't call people who are incorrect idiots.
You shouldn't call people who are incorrect idiots.
Ordinary weapons cannot harm the dragon.
The dragon cannot be harmed by ordinary weapons.
This sword is the only weapon in the world that can kill a dragon.
This sword is the only weapon in the world that can harm a dragon.
I can understand Esperanto, but I can't speak it.
I can understand Interlingua, but I can't speak it.
That car is expensive.
That's a beautiful horse.
Dragons are dangerous creatures.
It's a dragon!
Dragons are powerful creatures.
The dragon is attacking our army.
The dragon is slaughtering our troops.
The village was destroyed by the dragon.
We need someone to slay the dragon.
The dragon is invincible.
The dragon is not invincible.
The dragon can be defeated.
There is no way to defeat the dragon.
The dragon cannot be defeated.
The dragon cannot be killed.
The dragon can be killed.
Is there a way to kill the dragon?
The dragon has been slain.
No army is a match for a dragon.
Those who brag the most are often those who have the least to brag about.
Unleash the hounds.
They caused an untold amount of death and destruction.
We will never be safe unless that dragon is killed.
They could not hear what I was saying.
They couldn't hear what I was saying.
She couldn't hear what I was saying.
She could not hear what I was saying.
He couldn't hear what I was saying.
He could not hear what I was saying.
You couldn't hear what I was saying.
You could not hear what I was saying.
How can a person be so stupid?
This is the stupidest movie I have ever seen.
This is the stupidest movie I've ever seen.
This is the stupidest movie I have ever seen in my life.
This is the stupidest movie I have ever seen in my entire life.
This is the stupidest movie I've ever seen in my life.
This is the stupidest movie I've ever seen in my entire life.
This movie never should have been made.
This book never should have been written.
This song never should have been written.
Do you have trouble concentrating?
Do you have high blood pressure?
Do you have kidney stones?
Do you have hepatitis?
Do you have the flu?
Do you have syphilis?
I speak the truth.
He speaks the truth.
They speak the truth.
She's not lying.
He's not lying.
They're not lying.
They are not lying.
He is not lying.
She is not lying.
She wasn't lying.
He wasn't lying.
You weren't lying.
They weren't lying.
They were not lying.
You were not lying.
He was not lying.
She was not lying.
You're not lying.
You are not lying.
How could he do such a thing?
How could she do such a thing?
How could they do such a thing?
They were not convinced by my arguments.
He didn't believe me.
She didn't believe me.
He did not believe me.
She did not believe me.
You didn't believe me.
You did not believe me.
What I am about to say may shock you, but it is true.
I'm glad to hear Tom is out of danger.
I'm glad to hear that Tom is out of danger.
I'm glad to hear Tom found a job.
I'm glad to hear that Tom found a job.
Tom is still unable to do that.
I'm glad to hear Tom wasn't injured.
I'm glad to hear Tom didn't get hurt.
I'm glad to hear Tom didn't do that.
I'm glad to hear Tom did that.
I want to know when you'll do that.
I want to know what time you're planning to do that.
I want to know what time you plan to do that.
I want to do that this evening.
I want to do that soon.
I want to do that someday.
I think Tom has done that at least once.
I think I've done that at least once.
Have both Tom and Mary forgotten to do that?
Have both Tom and Mary done that?
Do both Tom and Mary want to do that?
Do both Tom and Mary still like doing that?
Do both Tom and Mary still enjoy doing that?
Do both Tom and Mary like to do that?
Do both Tom and Mary have to do that?
Do both Tom and Mary do that?
Can both Tom and Mary do that?
Are both Tom and Mary still doing that?
Tonight is a night I'll never forget.
Tom was sitting on the porch and reading a book.
Tom was sitting by himself on the porch and reading a book.
Tom hasn't yet read any of these books.
Tom doesn't yet know everyone's name.
This is a night I won't ever forget.
I'd like to stay longer.
I want to leave soon.
I think Tom has been to Boston at least once.
Do both Tom and Mary still live in Boston?
Do both Tom and Mary live in Boston?
Are Tom and Mary doing the same thing?
Are Tom and Mary both still studying French?
Are Tom and Mary both still living in Boston?
Are both Tom and Mary still sick?
Are both Tom and Mary still busy?
Are both Tom and Mary still awake?
I think Tom has done that at least one time.
Are Tom and Mary both still awake?
Are Tom and Mary both still sick?
Are both Tom and Mary still living in Boston?
Are Tom and Mary eating the same thing?
Can Tom and Mary both speak French?
Do Tom and Mary both still live in Boston?
I think Tom has been to Boston at least one time.
I'd like to leave soon.
This is a night I'll never forget.
Tom doesn't know everyone's name yet.
Tom hasn't read any of these books yet.
Tom was sitting by himself on the porch, reading a book.
Tom was sitting on the porch, reading a book.
Tonight is a night I won't ever forget.
Are Tom and Mary both still doing that?
Can Tom and Mary both do that?
Do Tom and Mary both do that?
Do Tom and Mary both like to do that?
Do Tom and Mary both still enjoy doing that?
Do Tom and Mary both still like doing that?
Do Tom and Mary both want to do that?
Have Tom and Mary both done that?
Have Tom and Mary both forgotten to do that?
I think I've done that at least one time.
I'd like to do that someday.
I'd like to do that soon.
I'd like to do that this evening.
My grandparents are from Lisbon, but my parents are from Rio de Janeiro.
I'd like to know what time you plan to do that.
Why would he do such a thing?
Why would she do such a thing?
Why would they do such a thing?
I'd like to know what time you're planning to do that.
He could not contain his excitement.
I'd like to know when you'll do that.
He couldn't contain his excitement.
I couldn't contain my excitement.
I'm glad to hear that Tom did that.
I'm glad to hear that Tom didn't do that.
I'm glad to hear that Tom didn't get hurt.
It is often the case that those who do not forget the past deliberately go out of their way to repeat it.
I'm glad to hear that Tom wasn't injured.
Tom is still not able to do that.
You monster!
I'll get you for this, you bastard!
What's wrong with the painting?
There are not enough words.
There are not enough sentences.
This essay is too short.
This essay is too long.
This article is too long.
This article is too short.
I have to trim down my essay.
I have to trim down my article.
I have to trim down my book.
The publisher said I have to trim down my book.
The publisher said my book is too long.
The publisher said I should make my book shorter.
The publisher made me cut entire chapters out of my book.
I have many irrational desires.
I have many irrational wants.
I have irrational desires.
I have irrational wants.
The publisher told me to make my book shorter.
Even though Tom and Mary went to the same high school, they never talked to each other until they were both in their thirties.
I think all the coffee I've been drinking in the afternoon is why I haven't been sleeping well.
When did you find out that Tom wasn't the one who Mary wanted to go to the dance with?
I bought myself an expensive guitar even though I don't yet know how to play very well.
Tom knew that he wasn't going to be able to convince Mary to go to the dance with him.
I know that someone in your position wouldn't do something like that.
Tom knew that he wasn't likely be able to convince Mary to go to the dance with him.
I'd really like to know why you didn't do what I asked you to do.
Tom didn't want Mary to say anything to John about seeing Alice kissing another man.
I bought myself a car even though I don't yet know how to drive.
Tom didn't realize that Mary didn't have enough money to buy food for her children.
Don't you want to know the truth about what happened that day?
When did you find out that Tom wasn't the one Mary wanted to go to the dance with?
I wouldn't have been able to do that if you hadn't helped.
Tom doesn't want Mary to say anything to John about seeing Alice with another man.
It would've been quite possible for someone to do that.
Tom knew that Mary wasn't very likely to be able to do what she was trying to do.
How many dolls did you have when you were a little girl?
Tom knew that Mary didn't know that John and Alice were planning to get divorced.
What difference would it make if people didn't do that?
What time does Tom think we should leave in order to get to the airport on time?
I would've been unable to do that if you hadn't helped.
Tom knew that Mary was very unlikely to be able to do what she was trying to do.
I think doctors will eventually find a cure for cancer.
Tom hid the money he stole in a bucket that's under a table in his storage shed.
The next time you're planning to do that, let me know.
Tom didn't know Mary thought he should invite John and Alice to their wedding.
I know that someone in your position wouldn't do that.
I'm pretty sure that Tom didn't know Mary was going to be in Boston this week.
What difference does it make if people don't do that?
At that time, Tom didn't know Mary was the one he'd eventually get married to.
If you ever feel like doing that, go ahead and do it.
Tom knew that Mary didn't know that John and Alice were going to get married.
I'd be grateful to you if you could teach me to do that.
Tom apparently hasn't yet told Mary that he's planning to drop out of school.
Don't you want to know the truth about what happened?
Tom knew that Mary wasn't likely to be able to do what she was trying to do.
When do you think you're going to finish doing that?
Tom knew that Mary was very unlikely to be able to do what she wanted to do.
I would've been unable to do that without your help.
Tom got to the airport three hours before his flight was scheduled to leave.
I don't think I would've had the courage to do that.
Tom wouldn't have been able to get his homework done if Mary hadn't helped.
I didn't realize that I needed to be here yesterday.
Tom apparently hasn't yet told Mary that he won't be going to Boston with her.
Have you ever seen anything like this happen before?
Tom apparently hasn't yet told Mary that he's not going to be at her party.
Don't you want to hear about what I did last summer?
Tom put the money he stole in a box that he hid in the back of his closet.
I'll try, but I'm not sure I'll be able to do that.
Tom is happy because he just heard that Mary will be visting us next week.
I grew up in a small village not too far from here.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all think that Boston is a good place to live.
I don't think that we should even consider singing.
Tom knew that Mary wouldn't be able to do what she thought she could do.
Don't you want to know where you made your mistake?
Tom knew that Mary wasn't likely to be able to do what she wanted to do.
Don't you want to know the truth about that matter?
Tom knew that Mary had told John that she saw Alice kissing another man.
Do you think anyone would care if I didn't do that?
Tell Tom that I'm going to do that as soon as I have a little free time.
We're going to go there the same way we always do.
Under normal circumstances, Tom would never agree to do that with Mary.
Every boy in the class wanted to sit next to Mary.
Tom knew that Mary was likely to not be ready when he got to her house.
What's the fastest way to get to the post office?
Tom knew that he wasn't going to be able to convince Mary to help him.
What difference would it make if people did that?
Tom knew that Mary wasn't likely to be ready when he got to her house.
We're only asking you to help us for a few hours.
Tom and Mary wanted to get married, but their parents were against it.
These apples are from the tree in our front yard.
When did you find out that Tom was the one who broke into your house?
I think it's too early in the morning to do that.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are all planning to go to the same college.
I don't remember ever seeing one of these before.
Tom knew that he wasn't going to be able to convince Mary to do that.
We're only asking you to do that for a few days.
Tom knew that Mary wanted him to ask her to go to the dance with him.
The way you're planning to do that is dangerous.
Tom said he'll go home as soon as he finishes doing what he's doing.
I thought I told you not to talk to my daughter.
Tom knew that he wasn't likely be able to convince Mary to help him.
I think we can do this better than we have been.
Tom knew that Mary was unlikely to want to go to the dance with him.
I know that you wouldn't do something like that.
Tom knew that Mary thought John and Alice were going to get married.
Don't you want to know what the real problem is?
Tom didn't seem to care that Mary didn't do what he asked her to do.
Don't you think you'll ever move back to Boston?
I wonder how Tom used to do that all the time without getting bored.
Why did you think it was a bad idea to do that?
When would Tom like me to come over and help him with his homework?
What difference does it make if people do that?
Tom's parents have decided to punish Tom for staying out all night.
We've been doing that for the last three years.
Tom knew that Mary wasn't from Boston even though she said she was.
The station is three kilometers away from here.
Tom isn't the only one here who thinks it's a good idea to do that.
If you ever plan to do that again, let me know.
They were unable to meet our demands.
Tom apparently hasn't yet told Mary that he's not going to do that.
I did that all the time when I lived in Boston.
I think Tom would like to know that you aren't planning to do that.
When do you think you're going to Boston next?
I don't think Tom would mind it if you stayed for a couple of days.
No matter what you say, I'll do it my own way.
Do you think Tom will still be able to do that after the operation?
I'd be grateful to you if you can do that for me.
When did you find out that Tom was the one who stole your bicycle?
I thought I told you to never come here again.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all live in the same apartment building.
I don't think you should go there by yourself.
Tom knew that Mary didn't know that John was going to marry Alice.
Everyone in the room was doing the same thing.
Tom is the only person I know besides myself who likes to do that.
Don't you think you'll come back here someday?
I wonder if Tom has ever asked Mary why she dropped out of school.
What you're planning to do is dangerous.
When did you find out that Tom didn't want to go camping with us?
The station is a three-minute walk from here.
What's the real reason Tom doesn't want to go to Boston with you?
I'm perfectly capable of doing that myself.
What makes you think Tom would be able to tell us how to do that?
I think we shouldn't be doing this right now.
Tom knew that Mary was likely to not be interested in doing that.
I think that I'll buy this bracelet for Mary.
Tom drove all night to get to Boston in time for today's meeting.
I don't think I would enjoy doing that again.
Tom and Mary are planning to go swimming together this afternoon.
Don't you think you'll go to college someday?
I'm sure Tom would've been unable to do that without Mary's help.
Do you think anyone would care if I did that?
I know Tom would've been unable to do that if Mary hadn't helped.
Aren't you willing to help me paint my house?
Tom knew that Mary wouldn't be able to do what she wanted to do.
Would you like to know why I didn't do that?
Tom knew that Mary wasn't likely to be interested in doing that.
We're going to do that the way we always do.
Tom knew that Mary told John that he should break up with Alice.
Please be careful when you cross the street.
Tom is the only one here who thinks it's a good idea to do that.
It doesn't make any sense trying to do that.
I wonder why Tom insisted that we stay at a hotel on the beach.
I think a lot of people will be there today.
I wonder whether Tom has ever asked Mary why she didn't do that?
I have something I need to discuss with you.
Even though Tom entered the room, Mary didn't stop kissing John.
Do you think it would make sense to do that?
Did Tom say he didn't think it was a bad idea for us to do that?
Why in the world would you want to do that?
Why did you do that without telling Tom what you were going to?
When do you think you're going to get here?
When did you find out that Tom wanted to go to Boston with you?
I think that I'm going to do that tomorrow.
When did Tom tell you that it was necessary for you to do that?
I don't think I would've gone there by car.
We'll have to wait and see whether Tom will be able to do that.
Don't you want to know what the problem is?
Tom is not the only one who thinks it's a good idea to do that.
Aren't you worried about what might happen?
Tom informed Mary that she was going to have to do that by herself.
When do you think you're going to do that?
Tom asked Mary if she could help him with his science homework.
The station is three miles away from here.
Tom and I aren't going to see each other again for a long time.
The station is three kilometers from here.
I'm pretty sure that Tom didn't know Mary was going to do that.
I think I wouldn't enjoy doing that again.
I wonder if you could talk Tom into showing you how to do that.
I don't want to hear any complaints today.
I think you should let Tom know that you don't want to do that.
I don't think the post office is open yet.
I think Tom would like to know that you're planning to do that.
I don't remember anything from that night.
I knew that Tom didn't want me to do that, but I did it anyway.
Aren't you ready to tell me what happened?
Why didn't you tell Tom you couldn't do that without his help?
Would it be OK if I didn't come tomorrow?
When did you find out that Tom didn't have a driver's license?
When do you think you're going to arrive?
Under normal circumstances, Tom would never agree to go there.
We're getting ready to start the meeting.
Tom knew that he wasn't going to get the raise he'd asked for.
It doesn't make any sense to do that now.
Tom knew that Mary was likely to not do anything he suggested.
I'd really like to know why you did that.
Tom isn't the only one who thinks it's a good idea to do that.
I would do that right away if I were you.
Tom is the only person I know besides me who likes to do that.
I hope that the exam isn't too difficult.
Tom is not the only one who thinks it's a bad idea to do that.
I don't think you should go there by car.
Tom didn't seem to care that Mary didn't want him to be there.
I don't remember where I put my passport.
I'd like to know why Tom didn't do what he was supposed to do.
I didn't think we would be so busy today.
I wonder how Tom does that all the time without getting bored.
I did that all the time when I was a kid.
Even though it has one of the largest numbers of native speakers in the world, the language is underrepresented on the internet.
Both Tom and Mary were in shock.
Tom and Mary are both in shock.
Both Tom and Mary are in shock.
Tom and Mary were both busy.
Both Tom and Mary were busy.
Tom and Mary are both busy.
Both Tom and Mary are busy.
Both Tom and Mary are happy.
Tom and Mary are both hungry.
Both Tom and Mary are hungry.
Tom and Mary are both in Boston.
Both Tom and Mary are in Boston.
Tom and Mary are both going to do that.
Both Tom and Mary are going to do that.
Tom and Mary are both in a hurry.
Both Tom and Mary are in a hurry.
He came back from the dead.
She came back from the dead.
They came back from the dead.
We came back from the dead.
They rose from the dead.
He rose from the dead.
She rose from the dead.
I rose from the dead.
I came back from the dead.
I was dead.
I was dead inside.
You're dead to me.
He's dead to me.
She's dead to me.
They're dead to me.
They are dead to me.
She is dead to me.
He is dead to me.
You are dead to me.
It seems I will have to work harder.
It seems she will have to work harder.
It seems he will have to work harder.
It seems they will have to work harder.
It seems we will have to work harder.
It appears I will have to work harder.
It appears she will have to work harder.
It appears he will have to work harder.
It appears they will have to work harder.
It appears we will have to work harder.
Tom was writing cryptic notes in a cipher.
The information may be given in cipher.
Zsuzsi is two years younger than me.
May I do that now?
Tom just did that.
I bought a new hat.
Tom paid Mary.
Can we do that now?
Tom did that alone.
Let's change seats.
Tom struck Mary.
How could we do that?
Tom should do that.
Let's switch seats.
Tom sat beside me.
When could I do that?
Tom never does that.
Who broke the dish?
Tom was a shy boy.
Can I do that for you?
Tom ought to do that.
You can use my pen.
Tom's car is cool.
I myself will do that.
Tom seldom does that.
Do you like carrots?
Will Tom be there?
When could we do that?
Tom ought not do that.
You can use my desk.
Tom just called me.
When could you do that?
Tom will do that soon.
Nobody would help me.
Tom thinks so, too.
Where could we do that?
Tom planned to do that.
We're still confused.
Tom's hair is wavy.
I still hope to do that.
Tom should do that now.
Your shoes are dirty.
Tom's hair is brown.
I still like doing that.
When could Tom do that?
The sun is already up.
Tom's hair is curly.
I still plan to do that.
Tom didn't dare do that.
We're still in danger.
Tom had to stop that.
I think I did that once.
Tom has been doing that.
What's in your closet?
Tom is still married.
Where could you do that?
Tom is still doing that.
All this stuff is mine.
Tom threw me the ball.
Where should we do that?
Tom recalled doing that.
Let's have some coffee.
The dogs barked at Tom.
I won't help you do that.
Where could Tom do that?
Who's going to help us?
Tom is still in danger.
I know you didn't do that.
I won't help Tom do that.
I don't want to do that here.
All this stuff is Tom's.
I suppose you can do that.
Tom just kept doing that.
These apples were cheap.
No one contradicted Tom.
I think we should do that.
Tom should do that today.
You can use my umbrella.
Tom jumped off the dock.
Maybe I can do that today.
Tom still has to do that.
Aren't you going to vote?
All these pens are Tom's.
Who could we do that with?
Tom struggled to do that.
I really like being here.
Tom didn't want any help.
Why can't we do that, too?
I think Tom might do that.
I really like doing this.
Tom didn't want our help.
Haven't you ever done that?
Tom thought Mary did that.
I'm going to quit trying.
Tom jumped off the cliff.
I hope I can still do that.
Tom very seldom does that.
I'm going to stop trying.
Tom threw the ball to me.
I promise you I'll do that.
Tom will ask Mary to do that.
Please close the windows.
Tom went to Boston alone.
I'm glad he likes it.
I'm glad she likes it.
I'm glad they like it.
Tom's face lost its passive visage and revealed his horror and disgust.
Tom is not available.
I'm not very talented.
I like German more than English.
I'm sorry, but I'll not be available.
The kitchen is in the cellar.
The kitchen is in the basement.
Tom speaks impeccable German.
You're wearing my sunglasses.
You're wearing my hat.
I've never been to Japan.
The European Union has to become more united and more efficient. There is no other way. Reason can prevail only when the reasonable people act together determinedly.
A wave of tenderness swept over her.
I looked at her and saw tenderness in her eyes.
Everyone tells me that I'm strange.
I think Tom will like that.
He sewed a new suit for me.
I will have a sandwich.
To make a cake, you need egg, butter and sugar.
Tom speaks impeccable Cantonese.
I was in London for almost all the summer.
Who will start?
I have a white dog and a black dog.
He likes the way she talks.
We're not friends, only acquaintances.
Tom was born during the Gay Nineties.
The Treaty of Stettin of ended the war between Sweden and Denmark.
The Kalmar Union, comprising Sweden, Denmark and Norway, broke apart in 1523.
King Frederick loved hunting, wine, women and feasts.
Tycho Brahe lost part of his nose in a sword duel.
Tycho fell in love with Kirsten, a commoner.
Together they had eight children.
Their first daughter died from the plague in 1576.
Tycho discovered a new star.
The peasants complained of excessive taxation.
Tycho Brahe observed the Great Comet of 1577.
Tycho had a tame elk.
Tycho Brahe was the last major astronomer to work without the aid of a telescope.
I eat while listening to the radio.
The Permian–Triassic extinction event occured about 250M years ago.
You can't fire me, I quit!
Experts on oncology have long recommended as a way to not get sick a regular eating of fruit, vegetables, cereals and legumes.
Mary tied Tom's shoelaces together.
The fewer words, the better.
The less people know, the better.
The more I read, the less I know.
The less he works, the less he gets.
As the river widened, the current slowed down.
Tom speaks Vietnamese, his wife's native language.
The more scientific the subject, the less the possibility of different interpretations.
Tom's hair is neatly combed.
I dare not translate that sentence.
Some day I will return to my country.
I see people's faces as a mirror. If you smile at it, you get a smile back.
Layla left to play basketball.
Layla was quite depressed for a while.
Layla's friendship with Salima began to suffer.
Layla tried to antagonize Sami a little bit.
Layla was old enough to drink.
I still hope I can do that.
Tom will do that sometime.
What are you doing later?
Tom's dog died yesterday.
I'm never doing that again.
Tom will do that tomorrow.
All these things are mine.
What Tom did was foolish.
I'm not used to doing that.
Tom will help you do that.
Are you the one in charge?
Who did Tom want to fire?
When do we have to do that?
Tom will probably do that.
Don't you want to join us?
I think Tom will be angry.
When do we need to do that?
Why can't Tom do that now?
Has this been done before?
Tom didn't break anything.
Who could you do that with?
Why shouldn't Tom do that?
How much do teachers make?
Tom is wearing a blue cap.
Who should we do that with?
Would Tom want to do that?
I really enjoy being here.
Tom needs to go back home.
Everyone refused to do that.
Would you do that for Tom?
I really enjoy doing this.
Tom's shirt is on his bed.
I think I've done that once.
Has Tom actually done that?
It's already getting dark.
What did Tom do last week?
I wish I could do that, too.
I don't think Tom did that.
Mary wanted to be a nurse.
What time does Tom get up?
I'd like it if you did that.
I wonder when Tom did that.
See you again next Monday.
What's Tom's phone number?
When do you have to do that?
I wonder why Tom does that.
We're getting ready to go.
Where does Tom plan to go?
When do you need to do that?
Tom admitted doing that.
All these pencils are mine.
Where does Tom want to go?
Where do we have to do that?
Tom almost never does that.
I bought something for you.
Who taught Tom how to ski?
Where do we need to do that?
Tom had to stop doing that.
I don't think we need this.
All these things are Tom's.
Who did you want to do that?
Tom has refused to do that.
I really enjoyed the movie.
Don't you want Tom to stay?
I couldn't resist doing that.
Tom is doing that for free.
I'm not used to doing this.
Don't you want Tom to wait?
I don't know who can do that.
Tom is entitled to do that.
It's already getting light.
Has Tom actually used this?
I once dreamed of doing that.
Tom is refusing to do that.
Let's play a game of chess.
I think that I'll help Tom.
I still wish I could do that.
Tom is sure he can do that.
These apples are delicious.
Please ask Tom to be quiet.
I think we shouldn't do that.
Tom is too weak to do that.
Who's going to cook for us?
Tom claims he didn't do it.
I was in no hurry to do that.
Tom still hasn't done that.
Don't you want take a break?
Tom died of cancer in 2013.
I wish I could still do that.
Tom still hopes to do that.
I don't like carrots at all.
Tom drove Mary to the mall.
I'm getting ready to do that.
Tom still needs to do that.
I hope that I pass the exam.
Tom had a pack on his back.
I'm interested in doing that.
Tom still plans to do that.
I really enjoyed being here.
Tom had problems with Mary.
He shook hands with a black person once; that proves he's not racist.
How can he be racist when he shook hands with a black person once?
I've got a plan to get us out of here.
We've got to escape this place.
We have to escape this place.
We must escape this place.
He can help us escape.
She can help us escape.
They can help us escape.
You can help us escape.
Nobody would help me do that.
Tom will do that if he can.
I think it'll rain tomorrow.
Tom heard a familiar sound.
We're not used to doing that.
Tom will do that on Monday.
These apples were expensive.
Tom is always helping Mary.
Where do you have to do that?
Tom will do that right now.
We're lucky nobody got hurt.
Tom is now talking to Mary.
Where do you need to do that?
Tom will do that with Mary.
Aren't you the one in charge?
Tom isn't ready to go home.
Are you still able to do that?
Tom will do that, won't he?
Have you read the whole book?
Tom left his dog with Mary.
I couldn't do that any longer.
Tom will help Mary do that.
I believe that you should go.
Tom let Mary drive his car.
I don't want to do that today.
Tom will make Mary do that.
I bought a new pair of shoes.
Tom ran to the parking lot.
I still don't like doing that.
Tom won't do that tomorrow.
I hope that the exam is easy.
Tom takes a bath every day.
I still don't like to do that.
Tom won't help you do that.
I like the color of your car.
Tom's shirt was on his bed.
I still don't want to do that.
Who could Tom do that with?
Please show me some pictures.
We're so glad Tom is alive.
I would do that if I were you.
Who said Tom could do that?
We're getting ready to leave.
When did Tom agree to help?
I'll definitely do that today.
Why can't Tom do that, too?
We're not used to so much noise.
When is Tom going to leave?
I've decided to do that again.
Why did you do that to Tom?
When would Tom like to eat?
No one volunteered to do that.
Why does Tom never do that?
Have you read the whole thing?
Why did Tom do it that way?
Have you ever tried to do that?
Why should Tom not do that?
I went to the dance with Mary.
Why did Tom leave so early?
I remember doing that with you.
Why would Tom ever do that?
I'm getting ready for my trip.
I hope Tom likes my present.
I still don't enjoy doing that.
Would you do that with Tom?
Let's sing something together.
I suggest that you call Tom.
I suggest that you do that now.
How is Tom going to do that?
Mary lost her purse yesterday.
I think Tom is exaggerating.
I suppose you can do that, too.
These apples didn't cost much.
I want to buy Tom a present.
I wish I could do that for you.
I thought Tom could do that.
Watch carefully how I do this.
Isn't Tom a friend of yours?
We're getting ready to do that.
I tried to help Tom do that.
Are you taking any medications?
Tom believed Mary was crazy.
Who do we have to do that with?
Tom allowed Mary to do that.
I don't think that that's true.
Tom didn't know how to swim.
Who do we need to do that with?
Tom almost always does that.
I don't think you should leave.
Tom didn't see anybody else.
I don't remember how to do that.
I like the color of your shirt.
Tom didn't want Mary's help.
I still hope to do that someday.
Tom did that just yesterday.
I like the color of your skirt.
Tom died alone in the woods.
How will the weather be tomorrow?
What will tomorrow's weather be like?
Tomorrow's weather won't be so good, with cloudy skies, heavy snow, and very cold temperatures.
How's the apple?
It will not snow tomorrow afternoon.
I hope that the exam will be easy.
I don't think it'll snow tomorrow.
It's very unlikely to snow tomorrow.
I doubt that it'll snow tomorrow.
Are you sure you know what he wants?
Are you sure you know what she wants?
Are you sure you know what they want?
Not even you know what you want.
Not even I know what I want.
Their inability to satisfy the desires of the populace led to their electoral defeat.
Their unwillingness to satisfy the desires of the populace led to their electoral defeat.
If you criticize me, you will be punished.
If you criticize me, you will be executed.
If you criticize me, you will be imprisoned.
If you criticize me, you will be killed.
If you criticize me, you will die.
No one criticizes me and lives.
No one criticizes her and lives.
No one criticizes him and lives.
The more you know a language, the less confidence you have in your ability to speak it correctly.
You can't trust anything she says.
You can't trust anything they say.
You can't trust anything I say.
I am a compulsive liar.
I lie all the time, even now.
They couldn't tell me what was wrong.
I have no faith in his ability to correct the situation.
I have no faith in her ability to correct the situation.
I have no faith in their ability to correct the situation.
I have no faith in your ability to correct the situation.
I don't believe you can do it.
I don't believe he can do it.
I don't believe she can do it.
I don't believe they can do it.
I don't believe we can do it.
Our patience is at an end.
My patience is at an end.
His patience is at an end.
Her patience is at an end.
Their patience is at an end.
I would never do that to her.
I would never do that to him.
I would never do that to them.
Leave.
Die.
Kill.
What can I do to make him happy?
What can I do to make her happy?
What can I do to make them happy?
Is there anything that will make you happy?
Is there anything that will make them happy?
Is there anything that will make her happy?
Is there anything that will make him happy?
Can anything make you happy?
Can anything make her happy?
Can anything make him happy?
Can anything make them happy?
They would not tell me the truth.
They wouldn't tell me the truth.
Am I lying?
I am a truthful person.
I'm a truthful person.
In 2000, the United States once again proved its commitment to being at the forefront of progressivism, with the removal of the last anti-miscegenation language in the country's legislation.
Could you please translate this for me?
I need someone to translate this for me.
I need a translation.
He will die.
She will die.
She'll die.
He'll die.
We will die.
We'll die.
She's so adorable.
They're so adorable.
Isn't that lovely?
I want to be able to take care of you.
I still plan to do that someday.
Tom didn't let Mary do that.
That didn't surprise me at all.
Tom doesn't have a daughter.
I think we should do that today.
Tom has asked us to do that.
What are you doing next summer?
Tom doesn't like to be late.
I thought I'd do that by myself.
Tom has finished doing that.
Everyone in the room was crying.
Tom had to repaint his roof.
I wonder who's going to do that.
Tom is preparing to do that.
I believe that you should leave.
Tom has been in bed all day.
Who do you have to do that with?
Tom is unwilling to do that.
I don't want to leave the house.
Tom is three months old now.
Who do you need to do that with?
Tom never does that anymore.
I grew up in a mountainous area.
Tom lost his hotel room key.
Would doing that make any sense?
Tom probably didn't do that.
I'll be busy after school today.
Tom said he liked the party.
I definitely won't do that today.
Tom said he'd never do that.
Please come to my party tonight.
Tom said nasty things to me.
I know that you wouldn't do that.
Tom will do that by himself.
What do you have in your closet?
Tom was unable to help Mary.
I still hope to do that sometime.
Tom will do that right away.
Be careful not to break the eggs.
Tom wouldn't do it that way.
I suggest that you do that later.
Tom will eventually do that.
Have you read the whole document?
What time does Tom get home?
I suggest that you do that today.
How much do police officers make?
When does Tom want to leave?
I think we should try to do that.
Tom wouldn't do that for me.
How much does a taxi driver make?
When is Tom going to arrive?
I thought that you could do that.
Was Tom supposed to do that?
I think everybody feels the same.
Where does Tom plan to live?
I want you to do that right away.
When did that happen to Tom?
I think everyone had a good time.
Where does Tom want to live?
What's the safest way to do that?
Who told Tom not to do that?
Mary forgot her purse in the car.
Where does Tom want to work?
Aren't you planning on doing that?
Why did Tom have to do that?
There's a small box on the table.
Who did Tom want to talk to?
I want you to do that immediately.
Why did Tom stop doing that?
We're not used this kind of food.
Who taught Tom how to drive?
I'd like to know how you did that.
Why didn't Tom just do that?
Why do you always do it that way?
I think Tom knows what to do.
I'd love to know how you did that.
Why does Tom always do that?
Aren't you guys going to be there?
I thought I heard Tom crying.
I've decided not to do that again.
Why would I do that for Tom?
Don't you want to know how I feel?
I waited a long time for Tom.
I've decided to not do that again.
Will Tom do that by himself?
Everyone in the room looked bored.
I was at Tom's all last week.
We shouldn't have been doing that.
Will Tom ever do that again?
How many museums have you visited?
It was a special day for Tom.
What's the fastest way to do that?
Does Tom get paid to do that?
I came to work early this morning.
That's all Tom is capable of.
I think we shouldn't do that today.
Eventually, Tom will do that.
I don't think you should go there.
Tom couldn't open the window.
They arrived at 2:30, and Mary arrived a little later.
The tornado destroyed our town.
They saved our lives.
You are paid by the week.
Yes, I'm hungry.
Yes, I'm thirsty.
Layla was very deep in the snow.
Layla thought she wasn't going to survive.
Layla was buried deep in the snow.
Layla has to get there tonight.
Layla was the next person to die.
Layla was an amateur treasure hunter.
Layla got lost int he Australian wilderness.
Layla was at the mercy of a hostile environment.
Layla wished she would die.
Layla moved closer to death with every step.
Layla was on vacation in a remote part of central Australia.
Layla was recovering from heart surgery.
Layla kept an eye on Sami.
Layla lived in a remote and desolate part of Australia.
Layla did nothing else that day.
Layla was afraid of wild dogs.
Layla felt she knew the area so well.
Layla had a GPS.
Layla used a GPS.
Layla put the GPS in the back of her vehicle.
Layla was walking around.
Layla walked a long distance.
Layla died for gold.
Layla and Sami returned safely.
Layla didn't find her vehicle.
Layla wanted to find the way back to her vehicle using the sun.
Layla made an error that would cost her life.
Layla got lost in the outback.
Layla stayed put and waited for help.
Layla violated the golden rule of a climber. She tied herself in the chest.
Layla should have followed that rule.
Layla wondered where Sami was.
Layla was very disorientated.
Layla looked around and realized that she got lost.
Layla will spend the night in the outback.
Layla had to make a stark choice: left or right.
Layla and Sami were on a gold-prospecting trip.
Layla reached an Aboriginal settlement in safety.
Layla couldn't find her way out.
Layla didn't find her way out.
Layla tried to find her way out.
Layla has to find her way out.
Layla decided to take a chance.
Layla didn't want to go back to the camp.
Layla's medication was essential to maintain a steady heartbeat.
Layla left her medication in the camp.
Layla was increasingly worried.
Layla is in the outback.
Layla got lost in the Australian outback.
Layla's car broke down in the Australian outback.
Layla was stuck in the Australian outback.
Layla faced another crucial decision.
Layla died trying to find water.
Layla saw some kangaroos in the outback.
Layla searched for a shelter.
Layla came across a kangaroo in the outback.
Sami's dog got nasty.
Layla cautiously entered the cave.
Layla froze to death.
Layla could freeze to death.
Layla returned to the camp where Sami was waiting for her.
Layla just kept looking.
Layla just kept yelling.
Layla knew every inch of this terrain.
Layla faced a long cold night alone.
Layla couldn't see anyone.
Layla could see somebody.
Layla started driving towards the beach.
Layla started yelling in pain.
Layla started screaming.
Layla didn't hear Sami's calls.
Layla didn't hear Sami's calls for help.
Layla couldn't hear anything.
Layla just couldn't believe it.
Layla knew she was in trouble.
Layla was lost in the Australian outback.
Layla missed a chance of rescue.
Layla spent a long night alone.
Layla spent a long night in the cold.
Layla spent a long night alone in the outback.
Layla survived the ice-cold night.
Layla knew people were trying to find her.
Layla was found almost dead in the outback.
Layla faced rapid dehydration.
Layla swallowed the frog alive.
Layla went a full day without vital medication.
Layla, an Aborigene, made use of her renowned tracking skills.
Layla's chances of dying were increasing with every hour.
Layla's best chance of being seen is to find high ground.
Layla heard an engine going.
Layla saw the plane flying around.
Layla realized that everybody was out looking for him.
Layla waved at the plane but nobody saw her.
Layla tried to attract the attention of the plane, but she was too far to be seen.
Layla started losing her mind.
Layla was waving and yelling.
Layla couldn't save Sami.
Layla's situation suddenly worsened.
Layla's ordeal in the outback was just beginning.
Layla was at a critical risk of heart failure.
Layla had to undergo another heart surgery.
Layla's mental state went out of control.
Layla didn't do the job very well.
Layla continued to wander in the outback.
Layla didn't know where she was going.
Layla spent hours without water.
Layla wasn't healthy.
Layla didn't drink water in two days.
Layla stopped walking.
Layla's eyes hurt.
Layla was so weak and thirsty.
Layla was thirsty.
Layla's legs got swollen.
Layla's dehydration caused her muscle cramps.
Layla made an uncomfortable decision.
Layla drank her urine.
Layla drank her own urine.
Layla drank her body fluids.
Layla coughed.
Layla did that to survive.
Layla drank her own urine to survive.
Layla couldn't drink her urine.
Layla couldn't drink seawater.
Layla called Sami fourteen times.
Layla faced a third night lost in the outback.
Layla's energy was rapidly draining away.
Layla heard the wild dogs howling.
Layla was attacked and eaten by wild dogs.
Layla was an Aborigene tracker.
Layla found one of Sami's prints.
Layla spotted another of Sami's prints near the river.
Layla kept moving.
Layla walked in and out of the search area.
Layla's mental reasoning became clouded.
Layla's only defense against the dingos was a handgun.
Layla's energy levels hit rock bottom.
Layla started hallucinating.
Layla had little energy to walk.
Layla was shivering all the time.
Layla was in her tent.
Layla was waiting for Sami in her tent.
Layla couldn't ride a camel.
Layla knew everything about camels.
Layla and Sami raised camels and sold them.
Layla rode Sami's camel.
Layla taught Sami everything he knows about camels.
Layla hasn't got any energy left.
Layla was afraid of camels.
Layla was bitten by a camel.
Layla has never seen a camel in her life.
Layla grew up in Arabia and was very familiar with camels.
Layla died of thirst.
Layla died of severe dehydration.
Layla lost a lot of weight.
Layla read every book she could find about camels.
Stuck in the middle of the desert, Layla wished she would die.
Layla died alone in the desert.
Layla didn't want her body to be eaten by wolves.
Layla was afraid of dingos.
Layla doesn't even know what a dingo is.
Layla thinks that dingoes are huge monsters.
Layla thinks that a dingo is as big as a grizzly.
Layla was prepared to die.
Layla knew she didn't have much time left.
Layla didn't want to die alone.
Layla heard an engine.
With whom are you spending Christmas?
l can schedule my sessions in advance.
Hearing that his father's killer was in Italy, Tom was afraid to go there.
The rabbit has long ears.
Mary is engaged to Tom.
Mary gave birth to a son.
Mary gave birth to a daughter.
The Devil comes in pleasing shapes.
He said nothing about Jessica’s upcoming nuptials.
His parents both nodded in a way that suggested that they were humoring him.
He had tossed and turned, but in the end he really was all right with it.
Hearing Ali’s voice filled him with warmth.
Ali Wilder, you little vixen.
They’re boarding my flight.
Treat Mario well, if not, your mother is going to punish you.
It could mean that this experience was so raw that even tenderness would sting like hell.
Mary is going to give birth to a son.
Claire Biel looked as if Loren had asked if she could lick their toilet.
Claire slowly turned and looked to her husband for guidance.
They both wore the faces of someone who’d been smacked in the gut by a two-by-four.
Score one for the mom.
His voice was a dull ache.
Erik’s nod was slow.
Mary is going to give birth to a daughter.
Mary named her son Tom.
Go and fight bravely.
Aimee was sullen.
When you find Mary, inform me.
When you find Tom, let me know.
Erik’s eyes were still shut.
Claire spun back toward Loren and Lance.
Tom was overjoyed to see Mary.
Mary was overjoyed to see Tom.
The parents were overjoyed to see their son.
I played hoops with him.
He’d had experience with law enforcement.
He’ll vouch for me.
Do you mind signing a waiver?
I don't like to brag.
Please don’t shun me because I have this gift.
She wrote that down on a legal pad.
Like in what I use to get rid of a boil?
Make your voice a little deeper and add a scowl.
Hester gave them a satisfied smirk.
I don't know why they are here.
Are you getting a warrant for my house, my car, what?
Why do some people learn languages faster than others?
Why do some people learn languages more quickly than others?
You're not expected to understand this.
No matter how much it costs, I will present my project.
The work is not worth the cost of preparation.
I'd like to play, but I'm such a huge mug I'm afraid I won't be competitive, so it won't be fun.
Where there's life, there's hope.
I told you I was against it.
I told you that I'm against it.
Legal terminology is not comprehensible to most laypeople.
I don't understand what she's saying.
Tom and Mary have very different personalities.
Mary and her sister have different personalities.
The cat closed his eyes and started to purr.
Tom's cat rubbed against Mary's leg.
Tom's cat brought him a dead bird as a present.
Cats are natural hunters.
Cats often lick each other.
Tom stroked the cat's head.
Tom rubbed the cat behind the ears.
The cat nuzzled against Tom.
I have friends who'll help me.
You should have Tom do that for you.
They discussed the possibility of a secret and secure communications channel.
I've decided not to do that either.
I never asked Tom to do that.
I like the color of your lipstick.
Tom doesn't have an umbrella.
Would it be OK if I didn't do that?
I think Tom wouldn't do that.
I really enjoy working in my yard.
Tom doesn't like chalkboards.
Would it be a good idea to do that?
Is Tom still able to do that?
I think I know what we need to do.
Tom felt really bad for Mary.
Would it make any sense to do that?
Maybe Tom can do that for us.
I think it'll be raining tomorrow.
Tom had no expression at all.
I hope we can find a way to do that.
Maybe we can do that for Tom.
I thought I'd never do this again.
Tom had to stop for gasoline.
I wish I never had to do that again.
Tom decided to do that again.
Mary isn't really my kind of girl.
Tom has been in bed all week.
I'm going to quit trying to do that.
Tom is doing that by himself.
These apples are really delicious.
Tom heard some birds singing.
We didn't have much time to do that.
Tom is the one who does that.
We're getting ready for the party.
Tom is always busy on Monday.
What's wrong with the way I do that?
Tom is trying not to do that.
We're still living on Park Street.
Tom isn't very good at chess.
Aren't you ready to start doing that?
Tom isn't allowed to do that.
What are you doing this afternoon?
Tom knew that Mary was angry.
I didn't have the courage to do that.
Tom recommended not doing that.
What do you have in your knapsack?
Tom knew that Mary was happy.
I don't remember doing that with you.
Tom said I shouldn't do that.
Don't you want to hang out with us?
Tom left a few minutes early.
I hope I have enough time to do that.
Tom says I shouldn't do that.
Don't you want to know what I'd do?
Tom lost the key to his room.
I hope I never have to do that again.
Tom showed me how to do that.
I didn't think it would rain today.
Tom snuck into Mary's office.
I hope I never need to do that again.
Tom thinks Mary will do that.
I don't think the bank is open yet.
Tom will visit Mary tomorrow.
I suggest that you do that right now.
Tom will be happy to do that.
I don't think we need this anymore.
What Tom did was disgraceful.
I think I've done that once or twice.
Tom will die if he does that.
Don't you want to hear what I think?
What did Tom do this morning?
I thought I'd do that this afternoon.
Tom will do that again today.
Don't you want to know how I did it?
What time does Tom eat lunch?
Is it OK with you if I don't do that?
Tom will do that immediately.
Don't you want to know what I think?
Why did Tom not go to Boston?
It doesn't make any sense to do that.
Tom will do that next Monday.
Don't you want to know what I'd say?
I think Tom is probably right.
We're going to have to do that again.
Tom will do that pretty soon.
Don't you want to know what's wrong?
I think Tom is probably wrong.
I hope we never have to do that again.
Tom will do that, eventually.
Don't you want to know who did this?
I think Tom told me the truth.
I hope we never need to do that again.
Tom will never do that again.
How many countries have you visited?
I think Tom told us the truth.
I still wish I didn't have to do that.
Was Tom able to do that well?
I think about that almost every day.
I thought I heard Tom singing.
I suggest that you do that right away.
What inspired Tom to do that?
We're not used to this kind of weather.
I thought that Tom was guilty.
Let's put together the pieces of the puzzle.
He shook hands with a black person once, so he can't be racist.
I'll say some words about this in a few moments.
She lives remote from the wear and tear of the world.
Let me see if I can get to know her.
Leave it to me, I'll take care of this problem.
In the Basque language there is the case of the ergative nominative.
A fart can relax.
Could someone please help me translate this?
Could somebody please help me translate this?
Could somebody please translate this for me?
Could someone please translate this for me?
I thought I told you to do that today.
When is Tom going to do that?
You can ride my bicycle if you want.
I was in Boston when Tom died.
I thought I told you to never do that.
Why didn't Tom do that today?
You can use my umbrella if you want.
Last night, Tom cooked dinner.
I wish I could do that as well as you.
Why does Tom want to do that?
Do you think we'll get there on time?
Mary left Tom for another man.
I would do that at once if I were you.
Why hasn't Tom done that yet?
Have you ever spent time here before?
That's all Tom said he needed.
We owe it to our customers to do that.
Why is Tom trying to do that?
Have you ever tried to kill yourself?
The boys aren't afraid of Tom.
We're going to quit trying to do that.
Why isn't Tom doing that now?
Have you figured out how to fix that?
Tom became drowsy after lunch.
We've been doing that for three years.
Would Tom be able to do that?
How on earth can you do such a thing?
Tom couldn't get the jar open.
What difference does that make to you?
Would Tom care if I did that?
I don't remember where I bought this.
Tom couldn't put his socks on.
I did that all the time in high school.
Has Tom ever seen you do that?
I have something to discuss with you.
Tom didn't know what to think.
I don't think I would enjoy doing that.
Has Tom ever tried to do that?
I'm sorry about what happened to you.
Tom didn't see Mary with John.
I don't think it's possible to do that.
I can do that better than Tom.
The station is three miles from here.
Tom died of cancer in October.
I know you weren't the one who did that.
I think Tom might not do that.
Do you think that's what we should do?
Tom doesn't have a smartphone.
I wish I could remember how to do that.
I think Tom will do that, too.
Don't you want to know what I'm doing?
Tom doesn't want to kiss Mary.
I've never seen anybody do that before.
I think that Tom will do that.
Have you discovered how that was done?
Tom forgot his wallet at home.
The way you're doing that is dangerous.
Is Tom going to do that today?
I wouldn't want to go there by myself.
Tom had good reason to be mad.
We've never had anybody do that before.
Tell Tom that I won't do that.
Don't you want to know what's going on?
Tom had to pay a traffic fine.
Why can't we just go ahead and do that?
Tom doesn't do that every day.
Don't you want to learn how to do this?
Tom has been gone a long time.
I hope you can schedule time to do that.
Tom finally agreed to do that.
Have you figured out how that was done?
Tom has to renew his passport.
I still don't understand how to do that.
Tom is going to do that again.
How many bananas did you eat last week?
Tom heard some birds chirping.
I would do that right now if I were you.
Tom is in no hurry to do that.
I don't remember where I parked my car.
Tom is a grade school teacher.
I wouldn't be in a big hurry to do that.
Tom is sure Mary will do that.
I don't think it's possible to do this.
Tom knew that Mary was afraid.
Just promise me you won't do that again.
Tom isn't planning to do that.
I heard that you want to join our team.
Tom knew that Mary was scared.
No matter what you say, I won't do that.
Tom wanted to do that earlier.
I thought I'd never be able to do this.
Tom made Mary a birthday cake.
Why don't you do that like I showed you?
Tom was embarassed to do that.
I wonder how many guys Mary has kissed.
Tom sneaked into Mary's house.
Do you think it would be good to do that?
Tom will do that if he has to.
We don't do things like that in Boston.
Tom waited in the parking lot.
Pinch me! Am I dreaming?
They refused to tell me what happened.
He refused to tell me what happened.
She refused to tell me what happened.
I refused to tell him what happened.
No one is more loyal to you than I am.
There is no one more devoted to you than me.
The crime rate is steadily decreasing.
The decrease in crime can be attributed to several factors.
There are several possible reasons for the sudden drop in crime.
The house was destroyed by the flood.
We saved everything we could before the house burned down.
I have magic powers.
I have superpowers.
I'm a superhero.
Are you a superhero?
There has been a decrease in the number of reported crimes, but the evidence indicates that this is unrelated to the change in the government's policies.
Humans are violent creatures.
You would think sentient beings capable of compassion wouldn't be such bloodthirsty barbarians.
First, we must acknowledge the errors made by our predecessors.
Secondly, we must take steps to correct these errors.
Those are your faults, not mine.
All the faults you've just listed describe you perfectly.
Who are you, and what are you doing here?
I don't know what it is you want.
I can't imagine what it is you want.
The plot's so convoluted, I have no idea what's going on.
This is a complicated problem.
It's a complicated problem.
It is a complicated problem.
Take off your shirt.
Take off your pants.
Wipe that smile off your face!
Wipe that smile off your face.
We will consider your proposal.
We will take your proposal into consideration.
We will consider your suggestion.
We will take your suggestion into consideration.
Do you want to know what I dreamed last night?
My parents wouldn't like that.
I love my husband.
I love my uncle.
I love my aunt.
I love my uncles.
I love my aunts.
I love my cousin.
I love my cousins.
They could not figure out why I was sad.
They couldn't figure out why I was sad.
Forests are disappearing all over the country.
Forests are being cut down.
Recycle it.
Toss it into the recycling bin.
Toss it into the trash bin.
Fill it.
Empty it.
Pick the flower.
I love picking flowers.
Fall down.
Roll over.
Roll over!
You're a good dog.
Protect me.
Humans are barbarians.
Humans are a barbaric species.
Who'll save us?
When did Tom agree to do that?
Tom was a little worried about what might happen if he did that.
You seem tired.
When does Tom have to do that?
Tom said Mary would probably not give him permission to do that.
I should do that.
When does Tom need to do that?
Who did Tom think would want to stay for another three hours?
Is this dog yours?
When does Tom plan to do that?
Under normal circumstances, Tom would never agree to do that.
Give me everything.
When does Tom want to do that?
Tom, Mary, John and Alice went to the same elementary school.
You need to do that.
Who cares if Tom does do that?
Tom wouldn't have been able to do that if Mary hadn't helped.
Are these dogs yours?
Who taught Tom how to do that?
Tom knew that Mary wasn't likely to do anything he suggested.
I should do that now.
Why did Tom decide to do that?
Tom isn't the only one who thinks it's a bad idea to do that.
That didn't help much.
Why does Tom enjoy doing that?
Tom has put on a lot of weight since the last time I saw him.
You should do that now.
Why exactly would Tom do that?
Tom apparently hasn't yet told Mary that he won't be doing that.
Are these pencils yours?
Why would Tom do that to Mary?
There's no doubt in my mind that Tom was planning to do that.
I don't feel very tired.
Will you allow Tom to do that?
I'm pretty sure Tom didn't know Mary wasn't going to do that.
I really should do that.
Would Tom care if we did that?
I wouldn't have kissed Tom if I'd know he was your boyfriend.
You should've done that.
Would you like Tom to do that?
I was the one who convinced Tom to teach Mary how to do that.
Are these children yours?
Have you ever seen Tom do that?
I don't think Tom would be willing to show me how to do that.
I don't feel very sleepy.
I don't remember Tom's address.
When I asked Tom how to do that, he said he didn't know how.
I don't know how to help.
I think Tom did that last week.
Tom didn't seem to care that Mary wasn't having a good time.
Please don't be so noisy.
I think Tom is doing that, too.
Tom and Mary had a romantic date at an expensive restaurant.
Don't drink too much wine.
I thought Tom couldn't do that.
I'm pretty sure that Tom didn't know I was going to do that.
I really should be in bed.
I thought Tom was already back.
I'm pretty sure that Tom didn't know I was going to be here.
I should be in Boston now.
I thought Tom was still single.
Do you think you could convince Tom to volunteer to do that?
I was afraid I'd lose you.
I was at Tom's for a long time.
Why don't you just call Tom and tell him you won't do that?
You need to do that today.
I'm sure Tom won't forget Mary.
Why don't you just call Tom and tell him you can't do that?
You really should do that.
If Tom asks me to stay, I will.
When did you find out that Tom wasn't the one who did that?
Are these sunglasses yours?
Maybe Tom can do that for Mary.
What's the real reason Tom doesn't want to go to the party?
I don't want any more cats.
Orange is Tom's favorite color.
What time does Tom think we should get up tomorrow morning?
I dreamed about doing that.
Tom arrived thirty minutes ago.
Tom will try to find out why Mary did that the way she did.
I had the right to do that.
Tom asked Mary for a ride home.
Tom will just have to ask Mary to do that for us, won't he?
I'll find a way to do that.
Tom asked me if I saw anything.
Tom will eventually do that, but probably not anytime soon.
Please don't ever leave me.
Tom can do that better than me.
Tom knew that Mary was very unlikely to be able to do that.
You should be in your room.
Tom couldn't get the safe open.
Tom knew that Mary didn't think John liked Alice very much.
You're supposed to do that.
Tom couldn't put his gloves on.
Tom knew Mary wasn't married, even though she said she was.
Allow me to do that for you.
Tom dated Mary for a long time.
Tom is the only one who thinks it's a good idea to do that.
Give me everything you have.
Where did you learn to speak such excellent English?
Where did you learn to speak English so well?
Where did you learn to speak French so well?
Where did Tom learn to speak French so well?
Armenia was the first country to make Christianity its state religion.
This whole thing is unbelievable.
The Russian ambassador was taken aback.
Plenty is no plague.
Sami has just finished a long hike.
Sami's dog disappeared in the woods.
I'm just disgusted with you right now.
Nothing seek, nothing find.
Sami was hiding a deep secret.
Sami doesn't have to worry about anything right now.
Sami's forbidden affair exploded.
Sami got down.
Please get down.
The only problem was that Sami was married.
Sami was a 32-year-old traffic cop.
Sami served in Vietnam.
The police department was recruiting.
Sami wasn't ready yet.
Sami took Layla to the doctor's.
Sami was transferred to the central traffic division.
Sami was discharged from the military.
Sami purchased a new van.
Sami was fixing his van in the backyard.
Sami wasn't so forgiving with his co-workers.
Sami didn't come to the game.
Sami made fun of his female co-workers.
Sami would sometimes get embarrassed.
Sami was almost like a father figure.
Sami needs to get a break.
Sami never drew his gun.
Sami didn't like violence.
Sami disappeared for hours at a time and nobody really noticed.
Sami had big dreams of having a lot without having to work for it.
Sami started screaming.
Sami flagged down a police cruiser.
Sami knew a lot about cars.
Sami had big dreams.
Sami was a mild-mannered cop.
Sami was parked to the side of the road.
Sami's car won't start.
Sami had a look at the engine.
Sami can't say anything now.
Sami fixed Layla's car.
Sami helped Layla fix her car.
Sami was a very kind person.
Sami fell under Layla's spell.
Sami never had a secretary.
Sami never went on a date before.
Sami kept an iguana at home.
Sami's iguana was three foot long.
Sami went fishing today.
Sami never experienced anything like this.
Sami immediately fell in love with Layla.
Sami felt needed.
Sami felt he could impress Layla.
Sami had secrets.
Sami was living two different lives.
Sami was living two lives.
Sami has excessfully wooed Layla.
Sami's nickname was "Rambo."
Sami was apologizing.
Sami can be out in seven years if he plays nice.
Sami wanted to discuss a case with Layla.
Sami invited Layla for tea.
Sami liked Layla's style.
Sami and Layla married and lived in a large home in Cairo.
Sami and Layla had a really good time.
After I showed the results to the boss, he freaked out and cast the blame on me.
Sami bought a private island.
Sami thought that would be perfect.
Sami became an accomplished seaman.
Sami wanted to see dolphins.
Sami needed a new crew.
Sami was in prison for several years.
Sami needed to check with Layla.
Sami and Layla led an enviable life.
Sami and Layla kissed passionately.
Sami was very impressed with Majid.
In reality, he's the one who is responsible for these results.
Sami doesn't need to work.
Sami was really gullible.
Sami was able to fool Layla.
Sami was working a late shift.
Sami was at a crossroads.
Sami didn't hesitate to parade his mistress around town.
Sami and Layla work for the same company.
Sami realized there was no way he could juggle two women and a baby.
Sami thought he had regained control of his complicated life.
Sami was the perpetrator of the murder.
Sami was just shocked.
Sami was robbed at gunpoint.
Sami had seven dollars in cash.
Sami needs much more than seven thousand dollars.
Sami was in a state of shock.
Every time I tell the boss the company's situation, there's a tirade.
Sami had never seen Layla so distraught.
Sami provided a partial description to the detectives.
Sami was having problems with Layla.
Sami was very controlling.
Sami needed to know where Layla was every second in her life.
Sami came the next morning.
Sami knows who shot Layla.
Sami had a history of theft and drug-related crimes.
Sami cast everything else aside and focused on Layla.
Sami was a heroin addict.
Sami was a drug addict.
Sami pulled away from his mistress, Layla.
Sami spent more time with Layla.
Sami was a professional sailor.
Sami's boat was stolen.
Sami stole Layla's boat.
Sami needs to go there one more time.
Sami and Layla spent a few days in Cairo.
Sami doesn't want to tell me.
Sami could sweet-talk his way out of this problem.
Sami can't sweet-talk his way this time.
Sami trusted his wife.
Sami didn't do anything wrong.
Sami's items were stolen.
Sami killed two people for money.
Sami was stunned. This is not what he was expecting.
Sami has something for me.
Sami and Layla met here at midnight.
Sami had the money.
Sami didn't have to do this.
Sami's murder has gone unsolved.
Sami wanted the murder to look like a robbery.
Sami was still not talking.
Sami became indignant.
Sami was asked to go undercover.
Sami was a police snitch.
Sami was a crooked cop.
Sami was gunned down in his house.
Sami was actually the mastermind behind the murder.
Sami was in the next room.
Sami could hear what was being said in the next room.
Sami knew it all.
Sami was just a bunch of crap.
Sami said this, not me.
Sami was a lucky man.
Sami was the victim of a murder.
Sami was arrested for grand theft.
Sami's story dominated the headlines.
Sami was involved in a contract murder.
Sami was so mild-mannered.
Sami was a mild-mannered policeman.
Sami saw the story in the paper.
Sami learned about the affair.
Sami refused to believe his wife had killed Layla.
Sami asked Majid to kill his wife.
Sami will lose everything.
Sami lost his car and house.
Sami will be ruined.
Sami can't make this happen.
Sami has to do this today.
Sami took all the money from the register.
Sami got in the car and took off.
Sami was in the back.
Sami's first trial ended in a deadlock.
Sami pled no contest.
Sami was falsely convicted for Layla's murder.
Sami, who had been falsely convicted for Layla's muder, was exonerated.
Sami was a thief, an adulterer and a murderer.
Sami admitted guilt.
Sami still hasn't accepted responsibility.
Sami was leading two lives.
He's supposed to be dead.
He was either aspiring to become a Russian agent or was in fact a Russian agent.
What kind of beer would you like to drink?
Out of rage, thank God, sometimes comes courage.
He is a master of disinformation.
Philosophy is called the clever translation of the unexplainable into the incomprehensible.
Utopia today means a realisable impossibility.
If a man could pass through Paradise in a dream, and have a flower presented to him as a pledge that his soul had really been there, and if he found that flower in his hand when he awoke — Ay! and what then?
I'm waiting for my suitcase.
Adults deal very little with the problems of young people, and much more with the problems that young people cause them.
It’s really convenient in case.
We have only the choice between unbearable truths and beneficent lies.
Toucans are tropical birds.
Toucans have large, colorful beaks.
Toucans regulate their body temperature by adjusting the flow of blood to their beak.
The birds are building a nest.
I'm trying to study.
This chick has only recently hatched.
Tom was paralyzed by a stroke.
Tom wants to follow in his dad's footsteps.
Tom wants to follow in his father's footsteps.
Never put all your eggs in one basket.
Eagles, falcons and hawks are birds of prey.
There’s no easy way out.
The biologist installed a camera inside the eagles' nest.
Has anybody seen our cat?
Charles is still alive!
Do you still remember the lovely girls who were dancing?
Marta would give up all that was left to her, to make a smile appear on that little mouth.
The swimming pool is hidden under the floor.
The lamp was still burning.
Tom spared no expense.
I'm not being naive.
Tom spent ten days in a coma after the accident.
Tom mortgaged his house.
Tom's cat is sunbathing.
Tom and Mary borrowed money from family and friends.
Tom and Mary borrowed money from family and friends to open a small bakery.
The kitchen is on the first floor.
The kitchen is on the ground floor.
The kitchen is on the second floor.
Does your carpet match your drapes?
Tom and Mary live in a cave house.
Tom lives in a rock house.
Mary has a walk-in wardrobe.
Mary had never worn a sari before.
Mary had never worn a kimono before.
Sarah wore a sari.
Tom is a machine.
Tom watched Mary work.
She watched him work.
It was a new experience for me.
It was a new experience for everyone.
It was a new experience for Tom.
It was a new experience for her.
It was a new experience for almost everyone.
This problem can't be solved with money.
This Italian car has three wheels.
Digging is hard work.
Tom dug a hole with a pick and a shovel.
Tom filled the hole with concrete.
There's a big crack in the wall.
This building is not structurally sound.
Mary named the baby Tom.
Tom and Mary live in Salt Lake City.
The children loved it.
The children will love it.
Princess Diana died in a car crash.
Your husband is a very lucky man.
Your wife is very lucky.
You're so lucky to have a husband like that.
Tom and Mary teach at the same school.
Tom wants to build his own house.
Tom wanted to build his own house, but gave up after realizing how much work it would be.
Tom hired a general contractor.
Tom is a smart child. He's the best student in his class.
Tom and Mary are expecting their second child.
Eat quietly, Tom!
Tom and Mary both teach at the same school.
Both Tom and Mary teach at the same school.
Google Translate still has a lot to learn, but it's getting better every day.
I want one like that.
Tom decided to go to the party.
Tom has asked us to help him get ready for tonight's party.
I had the right to say that.
Tom didn't ask Mary to do that.
Tom and Mary were the first people to volunteer to do that.
I knew you wouldn't do that.
Tom didn't get along with Mary.
I'm the one who convinced Tom to teach Mary how to do that.
I really should do that now.
Tom didn't know Mary last year.
I wonder if Tom has ever asked Mary why she didn't do that.
I'm always ready to do that.
Tom doesn't like country music.
Why did you do that without telling Tom you were going to?
That didn't make much sense.
Tom flashed his lights at Mary.
Who did Tom think was going to help him with his homework?
We don't need any more time.
Tom had a degree in psychology.
When did you find out that Tom wasn't old enough to drive?
You need to do that quickly.
Tom had good reason to do that.
When did you find out that Tom wasn't old enough to drink?
You should be quiet in here.
Tom has a degree in psychology.
When did you find out that Tom didn't know how to do that?
I really should've done that.
Tom has decided not to do that.
What's the real reason Tom didn't want to go to the party?
We don't need any more money.
Tom has made some bad mistakes.
Was Tom able to fill out the application without any help?
Why shouldn't I pay the bill?
Tom has to stay here with Mary.
Tom's hobbies include playing chess and collecting stamps.
You really shouldn't do that.
Tom hasn't finished doing that.
Tom would've been unable to do that if Mary hadn't helped.
You should be doing that now.
Tom is an expert at doing that.
Tom will try to persuade Mary to go to the dance with him.
You'll have to do that again.
Tom is going to leave tomorrow.
Tom will try to find out why Mary doesn't want to do that.
If you want to do that, do it.
Tom is going to try to do that.
Tom told me that he thought that he might be able do that.
We don't need any more chairs.
Tom is still trying to do that.
Tom thought Mary was the one who had told John to do that.
You really should do that now.
Tom is sure Mary won't do that.
Tom realized there was no way he could do that by himself.
I don't want any more of those.
Tom is very likely to be angry.
Tom knows there's no way he can do that without some help.
I need you to be here tomorrow.
Tom isn't ready to go home yet.
Tom knew that Mary wasn't going to go to Boston with John.
I really want to see you again.
Tom jumped out of the airplane.
Tom is very likely to be injured if he isn't more careful.
I should've stayed where I was.
Tom knew Mary wasn't in Boston.
Tom is the only one who thinks it's a bad idea to do that.
You really should've done that.
Tom knew that Mary was thirsty.
Tom didn't learn how to swim until he was in his thirties.
You'll have to help me do that.
Tom knew that Mary wasn't busy.
Tom didn't know who Mary was planning to go swimming with.
You'll have to work late today.
Tom knows he shouldn't be here.
Tom didn't know who Mary was planning to go shopping with.
I hope we find a way to do that.
Tom promised Mary he'd do that.
I'm pretty sure Tom didn't know I wasn't going to do that.
What's wrong with me doing that?
Tom rebelled against authority.
I wouldn't have been able to do that if Tom hadn't helped.
You weren't supposed to do that.
Tom said nasty things about me.
I wonder why Tom thought it wasn't a good idea to do that.
You'll have to do that yourself.
Tom showed Mary how to do that.
I wonder whether Tom has ever asked Mary why she did that.
You're supposed to be listening.
Tom sneaked into Mary's office.
I think Tom Jackson and Jack Thompson are the same person.
I really should be in Boston now.
Tom still hasn't done that yet.
How did you find out that Tom wasn't the one who did that?
I should be doing that right now.
Tom still hopes he can do that.
Without Tom's help, Mary would've been unable to do that.
You shouldn't be doing that here.
Tom taught Mary how to do that.
Tom will try to convince you to stay for a few more days.
You're supposed to be quiet here.
Tom wanted to do that with you.
The mist is clearing.
Tom has a flat in London.
Are Tom and Mary both still busy?
Are both Tom and Mary still studying French?
Do Tom and Mary both live in Boston?
Do Tom and Mary both have to do that?
Tom and I can both speak French.
I want to know who broke the window.
I study French an hour every day.
I'd rather not go there alone.
I might've left it on the table.
Give me your wallet and your watch.
Tom said he'll go home as soon as he finishes doing that.
Just take what you want and leave.
Tom was in no hurry to do that.
Tom knew that he was going to have a good time in Boston.
Something bad is likely to happen.
Tom will likely try to do that.
Tom knew that Mary couldn't do what she was trying to do.
Something good is going to happen.
Tom will never let you do that.
Tom knew Mary wasn't happy, even though she said she was.
The volume control is on the left.
Tom won't do that anytime soon.
Tom isn't a good enough swimmer to swim across the river.
We don't need any more volunteers.
Tom won't let you guys do that.
Tom didn't know who Mary was planning to go fishing with.
Why didn't you explain that to me?
Tom wouldn't show me how to do that.
Tom and Mary were the first ones to volunteer to do that.
You really should be in your room.
What can you do that Tom can't?
Tom and Mary used to live in the same apartment building.
You're responsible for everything.
What was Tom doing in the park?
Tell Tom that I'm not interested in going there with him.
Allow me to finish what I'm saying.
When would Tom like to do that?
Mary was the only girl Tom ever talked to in high school.
Where does Tom have to do that?
Last summer, Tom went to Boston and Mary went to Chicago.
I don't recognize this handwriting.
Where does Tom need to do that?
I didn't realize that Tom didn't have a driver's license.
I really should've eaten breakfast.
Where does Tom plan to do that?
How did you find out that Tom didn't know how to do that?
Something good is likely to happen.
Where does Tom want to do that?
Have you ever heard Tom play the guitar with Mary's band?
That was a very stupid thing to do.
Who's going to do that for Tom?
Who did Tom think was going to drive him to the airport?
We don't have much time to do that.
Why did Tom do that by himself?
When did you find out that Tom was the one who did that?
You really should be quiet in here.
Why didn't you let Tom do that?
When did you find out that Tom didn't enjoy ice skating?
You really shouldn't be doing that.
Why does Tom sometimes do that?
When did you find out that Tom couldn't legally do that?
You should be doing that right now.
Why is Tom planning to do that?
When Tom told Mary what he had done, she started crying.
You should be investing your money.
Why on earth would Tom do that?
When Tom told Mary that he had done that, she got upset.
You should've stayed at home today.
Why should Tom have to do that?
Tom's parents have decided to punish Tom for doing that.
You shouldn't be here in this room.
Why was Tom absent from school?
Tom would've been unable to do that without Mary's help.
You'll have to do that by yourself.
Why wasn't Tom able to do that?
Tom will try to persuade Mary not to drop out of school.
You'll have to take the test again.
Why would Tom do that for Mary?
Tom will eventually figure out it was Mary who did that.
I know the perfect place to do that.
Will Tom allow Mary to do that?
Tom told me that he'll do that the way Mary told him to.
You really should've studied harder.
Will Tom be allowed to do that?
Tom leaned over and whispered something into Mary's ear.
You really shouldn't have done that.
Will Tom be doing that all day?
Tom knew that he was the only one that Mary would trust.
You should've stayed where you were.
Would you care if Tom did that?
Tom knew that he couldn't do what Mary wanted him to do.
I don't want to go to school anymore.
Did what Tom do make Mary angry?
Tom knew Mary was going to be mad at him for doing that.
I have no idea what needs to be done.
Do you think Tom has to do that?
Tom asked Mary when the last time she played tennis was.
I know the perfect place to put that.
Has Tom actually ever done that?
The only person who could've possibly done that was Tom.
If you want me, I'll be in my office.
Has Tom actually ever used this?
I'm very sure that Tom isn't going to help Mary do that.
That really was a stupid thing to do.
Has Tom ever done that with you?
I wonder if you could talk Tom into helping us tomorrow.
That was a really stupid thing to do.
Has Tom finished doing that yet?
I was the one who convinced Tom to learn how to do that.
I feel a little closer to Tom now.
It would be an honor to work with you.
I know you won't let me down.
I see a man behind the trees.
This is the only way out.
This is the only way in.
This door is the only exit.
"I'm never going to be rich." "Not with that attitude."
With that attitude, you'll never be happy no matter how much money you have.
Do you really think money will bring you happiness?
Do you think money will bring you happiness?
Will money bring you happiness?
People always find a reason to be unhappy, no matter how good their life may be.
He is oblivious to how much he has to be grateful for.
Have you ever thought about how much you have to be grateful for?
Cut!
Think of how much you have to be grateful for.
Rich people who lack for nothing always find reasons to be unhappy.
How can someone who has hundreds of millions of dollars possibly be unhappy?
What is he eating?
What is she eating?
What is he drinking?
What am I drinking?
I am not amused by your clownish antics.
Your clownish antics do not amuse me.
I have so much to be grateful for.
He wouldn't know a masterpiece if it hit him in the face.
Be grateful.
Be grateful for what you have.
You have no idea how good you have it.
Have you ever stopped to think about how good your life is?
Have you ever stopped to think about how good you have it?
A lot of people don't realize how good they have it.
They complain about not having the latest and greatest car or gadget but don't realize how good their life is.
The world would be a better place if people were grateful for what they have.
Greed is a destructive force.
We can't let these greedy bastards take what is ours.
I suggest you do as he says.
I suggest you do as she says.
I suggest you do as they say.
I suggest you do as I say.
I suggest you do as we say.
Do what she tells you.
Do what they tell you.
Do what we tell you.
Do what I tell you.
I will never understand the allure of wealth.
All the wealth in the world is useless when death comes knocking on your door.
How many people have died because of greed?
How many people has greed killed?
It is necessary to have a healthy disdain for wealth.
I love my leader.
He is my leader.
She is my leader.
They are my leaders.
You are my leader.
You're my leader.
She's my leader.
He's my leader.
They're my leaders.
Tell me who these people are.
They refused to disclose the location of the hostages.
This is sharp.
It's sharp.
The knife is sharp.
Cut it.
Peel the apple.
It is sharp.
Tell me who they are.
Tell me who you are.
Tell me who we are.
Tell me who she is.
Tell me who he is.
Tell her who you are.
Tell them your name.
Tell him your name.
Tell her your name.
I will tell you my name.
I will tell you his name.
I will tell you her name.
I will tell you their names.
I pride myself on my problem-solving abilities.
I pride myself on my ability to think outside the box.
I don't understand how someone so rich can complain so much.
How can someone so rich complain so much?
Retire.
Resign.
Quit.
This is a beautiful word.
I love how this word sounds.
More people should stop to think about all the things they have to be grateful for.
Finish it.
Start it.
Complete it.
Peel it.
Find it.
When I say, "Jump!" people ask, "How high?"
I will do whatever it takes to get that raise.
I will do whatever it takes to get that promotion.
I deserve that raise.
I deserve that promotion more than he does.
Hand over the wallet, and nobody gets hurt.
This is a fine mess you've got us into.
Please give me a photo of you.
Be careful what you wish for, because it might just come true.
He should be arrested.
Hello Tom! How are you?
A remnant of the old army is supporting and perhaps leading the current chaos.
Police say he got the boys from the South Pattaya pier area where there are a lot of vagrant children.
Shooting from a low angle makes your legs appear longer.
The thieves stole the painting from the museum while the guard slept.
The thieves tried to sell the painting to an art collector who turned out to be an undercover agent for the FBI.
The thieves were sentenced to years in prison.
The thieves knew what they were doing.
Tom was unjustly accused of the crime.
A fence is a criminal who buys stolen goods and sells them to others.
Picasso's art is stolen more frequently than that of any other artist.
The Mona Lisa was stolen from the Louvre in 1911.
The roof leaks in different places.
The river is high.
The flashing around the chimney is damaged.
A reward of francs was offered for the return of the Mona Lisa.
Each one is knowledgeable in his own art.
He's a shitty driver.
"Putonghua" and "Beijinghua" are not the same.
I've been looking for my tripod.
Your tripod is in my office.
The same for me.
Same for me.
You need an interpreter.
Indeed.
Yes indeed.
Is there a 10% service charge?
True.
I think the president's tweet speaks for itself.
I will not go through all of them.
He sucks at driving.
Through the curtain of the cabaret, he spied on the seamstresses as they were going out.
From under his thick brows sternly watched two black little eyes, which stung sharply.
Sami survived worse than that.
Sami never left his room.
Sami never left his home that night.
Sami never called for help.
Two eagles do not nest together.
How can someone so rich be so unhappy?
I also lived in Hamburg.
He changes like the wind.
We don't have enough time to do that.
I don't think Tom enjoys hiking.
I tried to help Tom, but he said he didn't want my help.
What's wrong with me paying the bill?
I don't think Tom likes spinach.
I don't think Tom would mind showing you how to do that.
I really should've stayed where I was.
I don't think Tom likes to swim.
I don't think Tom will ever forgive Mary for doing that.
I should be getting ready for my trip.
I think Tom is going to do that.
I didn't realize that Tom wanted me to do that with him.
I think I've already done that enough.
I think Tom told Mary the truth.
I didn't realize that Tom didn't live in Boston anymore.
We didn't have enough time to do that.
I told Tom you wouldn't do that.
Have you ever asked Tom why he doesn't enjoy doing that?
We don't have enough money to do that.
I was impressed by what Tom did.
When did you find out that Tom didn't enjoy doing that?
You're not supposed to be talking now.
I wonder who helped Tom do that.
What makes you think Tom hasn't bought the tickets yet?
I know that something bad has happened.
I'm sure Tom will do that today.
Tom will leave for Boston first thing tomorrow morning.
I should've been a little more patient.
I'm sure Tom won't forgive Mary.
Tom was worried about what might happen if he did that.
We didn't have enough money to do that.
If Tom does that, I'll be happy.
Tom tried to do that by himself, but he wasn't able to.
You need to do that as soon as you can.
If Tom wants me to, I'll do that.
Tom said he'd rather not spend so much time doing that.
You really shouldn't be doing that now.
Maybe Tom will do that for Mary.
Tom knew that Mary wasn't likely to be able to do that.
You should've eaten more for breakfast.
That's not what Tom wants to do.
Tom helped his mother clean the house and wash clothes.
I really should be doing that right now.
Tom asked me to pay him a visit.
Tom didn't realize that Mary wasn't having a good time.
I think that something bad has happened.
Tom asked me where his book was.
Tom didn't know who Mary was planning to see in Boston.
You need to do that as soon as possible.
Tom asked me whether I was busy.
Tom and Mary are living in the same apartment building.
You need to do that while you still can.
Tom asked us where we were from.
I'm pretty sure that Tom is going to help Mary do that.
You should've been a little more polite.
Tom assumed full responsibility.
I wonder why Tom thought it was a good idea to do that.
I knew something bad was going to happen.
Tom ate the apple Mary gave him.
I was the one who convinced Tom not to do that anymore.
I was penniless when I arrived in Boston.
Tom bought a new pair of gloves.
I didn't realize that Tom wanted me to do that for him.
You need to do that before it's too late.
Tom bought a used car last week.
How did you find out that Tom was the one who did that?
You should've been a little more patient.
Tom bought his daughter a dress.
Have you ever asked Tom why he doesn't like doing that?
I knew something bad was likely to happen.
Tom bowed to me as he passed by.
Would you tell Tom why you don't want Mary to do that?
You really should be doing that right now.
Tom caught three fish yesterday.
Would you tell Tom what he did that made you so angry?
You really should be investing your money.
Tom claims he's never done that.
Without Tom's help, I would've been unable to do that.
You should do that while you still can.
Tom couldn't do that any longer.
Will Tom still be able to do that after the operation?
You're not supposed to wear shoes in here.
Tom couldn't take his socks off.
When do you think Tom is going to want us to help him?
I knew something bad would probably happen.
Tom crossed the river in a boat.
When did you find out that Tom didn't want to do that?
You really should've stayed where you were.
Tom didn't recognize Mary's car.
When did you find out that Tom didn't have a passport?
I think that what you did was inappropriate.
Tom didn't recognize Mary's dog.
When did you find out that Tom couldn't legally drive?
Just take what you want and get out of here.
Tom didn't stop talking to Mary.
What would've happened to Tom if he hadn't left early?
You're supposed to be here tomorrow at 2:30.
Tom didn't want any more to eat.
What does Tom like to do that Mary doesn't like to do?
I know that something bad is going to happen.
She is an average girl without much of a personality.
He wanted to stop her but only caught the wind.
Tom wouldn't have been able to get his homework done if Mary hadn't helped him.
Whoever destroys his house will inherit the wind.
Are we living in a computer simulation?
May the other side of your pillow always be cold.
I do my best proofreading after I hit 'send'.
This note is better construed as a sharp fifteenth rather than a flat ninth.
How can Tom be so heartless?
Tom couldn't answer Mary's question.
Tom does that in his spare time.
Tom will probably figure out it was Mary who did that.
I really should be getting ready for my trip.
Tom does that the way Mary does.
Tom will have to ask Mary to do that for us, won't he?
It doesn't make any sense for you to do that.
Tom doesn't have anything to do.
Tom thought Mary was the one who was going to do that.
Do you think we'll ever find a way to do that?
Tom doesn't like Mary's friends.
Tom says he'll do that regardless of the consequences.
I know that something bad is likely to happen.
Tom doesn't like romance novels.
Tom said Mary wouldn't give him permission to do that.
I really should've been a little more patient.
Tom had good reason to be upset.
Tom made Mary swear that she'd never to do that again.
I should've studied harder for my French test.
Tom has asked us not to do that.
Tom leaned over and whispered something in Mary's ear.
I think that something bad is about to happen.
Tom has been taken back to jail.
Tom knew that Mary wasn't going to be at school today.
I think that something bad is going to happen.
Tom has been the one doing that.
Tom knew Mary wasn't likely to tell him what happened.
You really should've eaten more for breakfast.
Tom has been working long hours.
Tom isn't the only person Mary doesn't get along with.
You should be packing your suitcase right now.
Tom is a primary school teacher.
Tom has been seeing a psychiatrist three times a week.
I really should've studied harder for the test.
Tom is always reading something.
Tom and Mary have been texting each other all morning.
I think that doing that would be inappropriate.
Tom is finally going to do that.
Tom and Mary did that together as often as they could.
I think that something bad is likely to happen.
Tom is going to like doing that.
I'm the one who convinced Tom to learn how to do that.
You really should've been a little more polite.
Tom is going to love doing that.
I'm sure Tom will be happy to show you how to do that.
You're not supposed to wear lipstick at school.
Tom is one of Mary's classmates.
I wonder why Tom thought it was a bad idea to do that.
I've spoken to your parents about your behavior.
Tom is quite good at doing that.
I wonder if Tom has ever asked Mary why she got fired.
I haven't yet read the book you're talking about.
Tom is the person who does that.
I was hoping Tom wouldn't ask me to help Mary do that.
You really should be getting ready for the party.
Tom is very unlikely to do that.
I thought you knew Tom didn't have a driver's license.
You should do that while you're still able to.
Tom isn't authorized to do that.
I think Tom doesn't want to go to the dance with Mary.
I haven't yet seen the movie you're talking about.
Tom isn't old enough to do that.
I don't think Tom would've had the courage to do that.
I think that what you're wearing is inappropriate.
Tom isn't really my kind of guy.
I don't think Tom would be willing to help us do that.
I think I've already spoken to everybody about that.
Tom isn't very good at baseball.
I don't think Tom will ever forgive me for doing that.
It doesn't make any sense for you to try to do that.
Tom just told me how to do that.
I didn't realize that Tom and Mary used to be married.
You're responsible for everything that has happened.
Tom needs to do that by himself.
How did you find out that Tom didn't enjoy doing that?
You really should be packing your suitcase right now.
Tom ought not to have done that.
When do you think Tom is going to want us to do that?
You should turn off the lights when you leave a room.
Tom read the book Mary gave him.
What would've happened to Tom if he hadn't done that?
You're supposed to be doing something else, aren't you?
Tom said he saw Mary doing that.
What makes you think Tom wouldn't be able to do that?
You really should turn off the lights when you leave a room.
Tom told me he'd try to do that.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all have driver's licenses.
Mosquitoes are the bane of my existence.
What inspired you to write this song?
It might not be as hard as you think to do that.
It might not be as difficult as you think to do that.
I'm sure it'll be hard to convince Tom to do that.
I'm sure it'll be difficult to convince Tom to do that.
It's become very hard for me to walk very far.
It's become very difficult for me to walk very far.
I agree that it's won't be hard to do that.
I agree that it's won't be difficult to do that.
I know it wasn't hard for Tom to do that.
I know it wasn't difficult for Tom to do that.
It was almost too hard for me to do.
It was almost too difficult for me to do.
I'm sure it wasn't hard to do that.
I'm sure it wasn't difficult to do that.
I know it won't be hard to do that.
I know it won't be difficult to do that.
It really is very hard to do that.
It really is very difficult to do that.
It wasn't hard for me to do that.
It wasn't difficult for me to do that.
It's too hard to do it that way.
It's too difficult to do it that way.
I know it's not hard to do that.
I know it's not difficult to do that.
That decision was hard to make.
That decision was difficult to make.
I found this book hard to read.
I found this book difficult to read.
This is just too hard for me.
This is just too difficult for me.
This is way too hard for me.
This is way too difficult for me.
That wouldn't be hard to do.
That wouldn't be difficult to do.
It's hard to impress Tom.
It's difficult to impress Tom.
I found doing that hard.
I found doing that difficult.
You're hard to talk to.
You're difficult to talk to.
Winning is always hard.
Winning is always difficult.
Tom is hard to talk to.
Tom is difficult to talk to.
Tom is hard to impress.
Tom is difficult to impress.
That was the hard part.
That was the difficult part.
It's hard to sing well.
It's difficult to sing well.
I know this isn't hard.
I know this isn't difficult.
This isn't a hard job.
This isn't a difficult job.
It was hard to obtain.
It was difficult to obtain.
Change is always hard.
Change is always difficult.
Tom is hard to reach.
Tom is difficult to reach.
This work isn't hard.
This work isn't difficult.
Lesson Three is hard.
Lesson Three is difficult.
It's not hard for me.
It's not difficult for me.
It was a hard choice.
It was a difficult choice.
I know it's not hard.
I know it's not difficult.
Your job isn't hard.
Your job isn't difficult.
Winning wasn't hard.
Winning wasn't difficult.
This seems too hard.
This seems too difficult.
This is really hard.
This is really difficult.
It's still not hard.
It's still not difficult.
This won't be hard.
This won't be difficult.
That won't be hard.
That won't be difficult.
That was very hard.
That makes it hard.
Life is still hard.
Life is still difficult.
It's not very hard.
It's not very difficult.
It was pretty hard.
It was pretty difficult.
It was hard to fix.
It was difficult to fix.
It isn't that hard.
It isn't that difficult.
Was that too hard?
Was that too difficult?
This will be hard.
This is very hard.
This is real hard.
This is real difficult.
It's hard for Tom.
It's difficult for Tom.
That's very hard.
This is so hard.
This is so difficult.
That's not hard.
It was too hard.
It was too difficult.
This was hard.
This was difficult.
It seems hard.
It seems difficult.
It isn't hard.
It isn't difficult.
That's hard.
That's difficult.
It might not have been as hard to do that as Tom said it was.
It might not have been as difficult to do that as Tom said it was.
It may not have been as hard to do that as Tom said it was.
It may not have been as difficult to do that as Tom said it was.
It might not be as hard to do that as you think it'll be.
It might not be as difficult to do that as you think it'll be.
It's going to be hard to do that without a lot of help.
It's going to be difficult to do that without a lot of help.
It may not be as hard to do that as you think it'll be.
It may not be as difficult to do that as you think it'll be.
It wasn't as hard to do that as I thought it would be.
It wasn't as difficult to do that as I thought it would be.
It might be harder to do that than you think it'll be.
It might be more difficult to do that than you think it'll be.
It was harder to do that than I thought it would be.
It was more difficult to do that than I thought it would be.
It might not be as hard to do as you think it'll be.
It might not be as difficult to do as you think it'll be.
It may be harder to do that than you think it'll be.
It may be more difficult to do that than you think it'll be.
That wasn't as hard to do as I thought it would be.
That wasn't as difficult to do as I thought it would be.
It was harder to do that than Tom said it would be.
It was more difficult to do that than Tom said it would be.
Did Tom say he thought it would be hard to do that?
Did Tom say he thought it would be difficult to do that?
It might not have been as hard as Tom said it was.
It might not have been as difficult as Tom said it was.
It may not be as hard to do as you think it'll be.
It may not be as difficult to do as you think it'll be.
That was harder to do than I thought it would be.
That was more difficult to do than I thought it would be.
It might be harder to do than you think it'll be.
It might be more difficult to do than you think it'll be.
That was harder to do than Tom said it would be.
That was more difficult to do than Tom said it would be.
It was hard for Tom to convince Mary to do that.
It was difficult for Tom to convince Mary to do that.
It may be harder to do than you think it'll be.
It may be more difficult to do than you think it'll be.
I don't think it'll be hard for you to do that.
I don't think it'll be difficult for you to do that.
I don't think it'll be hard for Tom to do that.
I don't think it'll be difficult for Tom to do that.
It wasn't hard to convince Tom not to do that.
It wasn't difficult to convince Tom not to do that.
I don't think it'll be hard to for me do that.
I don't think it'll be difficult to for me do that.
Do you think it'll be hard for you to do that?
Do you think it'll be difficult for you to do that?
Do you think it'll be hard for Tom to do that?
Do you think it'll be difficult for Tom to do that?
Tom was surprised how hard it was to do that.
Tom was surprised how difficult it was to do that.
Do you think it'll be hard for me to do that?
Do you think it'll be difficult for me to do that?
Do you really think it'll be hard to do that?
Do you really think it'll be difficult to do that?
Did Tom tell you it would be hard to do that?
Did Tom tell you it would be difficult to do that?
That was harder than I thought it would be.
That was more difficult than I thought it would be.
It might be harder than you think it'll be.
It might be more difficult than you think it'll be.
I was surprised how hard it was to do that.
I was surprised how difficult it was to do that.
It wasn't hard to convince Tom to do that.
It wasn't difficult to convince Tom to do that.
It may be harder than you think it'll be.
It may be more difficult than you think it'll be.
Tom was surprised how hard it was to do.
Tom was surprised how difficult it was to do.
Tom said it wouldn't be hard to do that.
Tom said it wouldn't be difficult to do that.
I think it wouldn't be hard to do that.
I think it wouldn't be difficult to do that.
I don't think it'll be hard to do that.
I don't think it'll be difficult to do that.
It's often hard to do the right thing.
It's often difficult to do the right thing.
I thought it would be hard to do that.
I thought it would be difficult to do that.
Do you think it'll be hard to do that?
Do you think it'll be difficult to do that?
Tom said it would be hard to do that.
Tom said it would be difficult to do that.
It's not going to be hard to do this.
It's not going to be difficult to do this.
It's not going to be hard to do that.
It's not going to be difficult to do that.
I'm sure it won't be hard to do that.
I'm sure it won't be difficult to do that.
It won't be hard for us to do this.
It won't be difficult for us to do this.
It won't be hard for us to do that.
It won't be difficult for us to do that.
It's not all that hard to do that.
It's not all that difficult to do that.
I'm sure it'll be hard to do that.
I'm sure it'll be difficult to do that.
I thought it would be hard to do.
I thought it would be difficult to do.
I think it'll be hard to do that.
I think it'll be difficult to do that.
I figured it would be hard to do.
I figured it would be difficult to do.
That's actually very hard to do.
That's actually very difficult to do.
It won't be a hard thing to do.
It won't be a difficult thing to do.
It was hard for Tom to do that.
It was difficult for Tom to do that.
It was pretty hard to do that.
It was pretty difficult to do that.
It was hard for me to do that.
It was difficult for me to do that.
It wasn't so hard to do that.
It wasn't so difficult to do that.
That wasn't very hard to do.
That wasn't very difficult to do.
It won't be difficult to do that.
That was pretty hard to do.
That was pretty difficult to do.
It wasn't hard to do that.
It wasn't difficult to do that.
It's not hard to do that.
It isn't hard to do that.
It isn't difficult to do that.
It'd be hard to do that.
It'd be difficult to do that.
I found that hard to do.
I found that difficult to do.
That's not hard to do.
It's hard to do that.
It wasn't hard to do.
It wasn't difficult to do.
It's not hard to do.
It's not difficult to do.
It may not have been as easy to do that as Tom said it was.
Tom was dead by the time the ambulance arrived at the hospital.
It may not be as easy to do that as you think it'll be.
Tom was dead before the ambulance arrived at the hospital.
It wasn't as easy to do that as I thought it would be.
Tom was already dead by the time the ambulance got there.
It may not have been as difficult as Tom said it was.
Tom will probably ask Mary for permission to do that.
It was easier to do that than I thought it would be.
Tom will keep doing that if someone doesn't stop him.
It may be easier to do that than you think it'll be.
Tom will have to do that, whether he likes it or not.
That wasn't as easy to do as I thought it would be.
Tom wanted to know who was going to help him do that.
It was easier to do that than Tom said it would be.
Tom knows he shouldn't be singing this late at night.
Did Tom say he thought it would be easy to do that?
Tom knew that Mary couldn't do what she wanted to do.
It might not be as easy as you think to do that.
Tom isn't the only one here who knows how to do that.
It may not be as easy to do as you think it'll be.
Tom is going to ask Mary if she can help us tomorrow.
I'm sure it'll be easy to convince Tom to do that.
Tom grew up in a town where everybody knew everybody.
That was easier to do than I thought it would be.
Tom didn't realize that Mary wasn't enjoying herself.
It wasn't hard for me to convince Tom to do that.
Tom didn't know who Mary was going to get married to.
It wasn't easy for me to convince Tom to do that.
Tom didn't know who Mary wanted to go to Boston with.
That was easier to do than Tom said it would be.
Tom didn't believe Mary would do something like that.
That may not be as easy as you think to do that.
Tom and I won't see each other again for a long time.
It may not have been as easy as Tom said it was.
If you tell Tom how to do that, I'm sure he'll do it.
I'm the one who convinced Tom not to do that anymore.
I don't think it'll be easy for you to do that.
I wonder if Tom has ever asked Mary why she did that.
I don't think it'll be easy for Tom to do that.
I was hoping Tom wouldn't ask me to help him do that.
It was hard for me to convince Tom to do that.
I think Tom knows what time he's supposed to be here.
It was easy for me to convince Tom to do that.
I knew it was going to hurt Tom, but I did it anyway.
I don't think it'll be easy for me do that.
How did you find out that Tom didn't want to do that?
Do you think it'll be easy for you to do that?
How did you find out that Tom didn't like doing that?
Do you think it'll be easy for Tom to do that?
Do you think it would be possible for Tom to do that?
Tom was surprised how easy it was to do that.
Do you think anyone would care if Tom didn't do that?
Do you think it'll be easy for me to do that?
Do you think Tom might be in the mood to do that now?
Do you really think it'll be easy to do that?
Are you still convinced Tom was the one who did that?
Did Tom tell you it would be easy to do that?
Would you tell Tom why Mary doesn't want to do that?
That was easier than I thought it would be.
Why would Tom want to do that if he doesn't have to?
I was surprised how easy it was to do that.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are all in the same class.
It may be easier than you think it'll be.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are all going to be there.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all seem to be having fun.
Tom said it wouldn't be easy to do that.
Tom will probably get hurt if he does that that way.
I don't think it'll be easy to do that.
Tom will never be able to do that without your help.
I thought it would be easy to do that.
Tom will help you as soon as he finishes doing that.
Do you think it'll be easy to do that?
Tom will have to do that even if he doesn't want to.
Tom said it would be easy to do that.
Tom soon realized there was no way he could do that.
I'm sure it won't be easy to do that.
Tom said he'd rather not spend much time doing that.
Tom knew that he wasn't going to be able to do that.
I know it's not so easy to do that.
Tom knew that he was the only one who could do that.
I know it won't be easy to do that.
Tom knew that he couldn't do what needed to be done.
You won't find it easy to do that.
Tom knew that Mary was unlikely to be there on time.
Tom won't find it easy to do that.
Tom knew Mary was going to be in the office all day.
I'm sure it'll be easy to do that.
Tom isn't suggesting Mary could've done that, is he?
I think it'll be easy to do that.
Tom isn't going to be upset if Mary doesn't do that.
I know it's not easy to do that.
Tom isn't going to be angry if Mary doesn't do that.
Tom is likely to ask Mary for permission to do that.
That decision was easy to make.
Tom is in a better position to do that than Mary is.
Tom is being very careful not to spill any gasoline.
It was easy for me to do that.
Tom invited Mary over to his place to watch a movie.
That wasn't very easy to do.
Tom emptied the contents of the sack onto the table.
Tom doesn't have his parents' permission to do that.
That was pretty easy to do.
Tom can play the guitar and is also good at singing.
Tom apparently hasn't told Mary about what happened.
It's not easy to do that.
Tom apparently didn't do what he was supposed to do.
It's easy to impress Tom.
Tell Tom that I'm going to do that as soon as I can.
It isn't easy to do that.
I'm sure Tom will never allow Mary to do that again.
Everything was difficult.
I was the one who convinced Tom to start doing that.
I found that easy to do.
I tried really hard to get Tom to help Mary do that.
I found doing that easy.
I think Tom is going to do that in Boston next week.
The test was difficult.
Don't you want to invite Tom to your birthday party?
I know both of Tom's brothers.
I always felt like Tom was hiding something.
I'd like to go to Australia one day.
Do you want the good news or the bad news first?
Do you want me to give you the good news or the bad news first?
I want to learn how to say a few words in French.
I plan to buy Tom a cap.
I often play tennis with Tom on Mondays.
I would've gone to the movies if I'd had the time.
I noticed that Tom sat in the front row.
That's a curious choice of words.
That's an odd choice of words.
That's a peculiar choice of words.
I received an invitation from Tom, but didn't accept it.
That's a strange choice of words.
I lived in Boston a few years ago, but now I live in Chicago.
I had to decline the invitation because I was sick.
I told Tom not to let go of the rope, but he did.
I carefully wrote down everything that Tom said.
I came to Boston three years ago and have been living here ever since.
I wish I had enough money to buy a car.
It is the largest region in the country by area, but the smallest by population.
The region is large, but sparsely populated.
The region is large, but mostly uninhabited.
I should've paid a little more attention.
I finally talked Tom into lending me his bicycle.
I met Tom by chance on the train yesterday.
The region is enormous, but sparsely populated.
Almost no one lives there.
The region has the largest population density in the country.
The region has the smallest population density in the country.
The region is small, but has a large population.
The region is the smallest in the country by area, but the largest by population.
Why do people say 'tuna fish' but not 'beef mammal' or 'chicken bird'?
Come on. Is it really so hard to spare an hour or two for practice every day?
We have begun our slow collapse into barbarism.
He doesn't give a shit about her. It's her money he's after.
She doesn't give a shit about him. It's his money she's after.
You can't make me happy.
No one can make me happy.
My life sucks.
This is why I don't have any friends.
You will not extract a confession from me.
I will never confess.
He confessed.
She confessed.
They confessed.
You must show me how it works.
Go tell them who you are.
Go tell him who you are.
Go tell her who you are.
Tell us who you are.
They refused to admit they were wrong.
He refused to admit he was wrong.
She refused to admit she was wrong.
I like my native language.
I love my native language.
I have multiple native languages.
My native language is not the language of my mother.
They will pay.
They'll pay.
I wish I was more patient.
I wish I was more intelligent.
These policies had far-reaching consequences for the geopolitics of the region.
The effects of those policies can still be felt today.
I imagine he's not going to be too happy about that.
Who is Robin Hood?
I'll get my revenge.
I'll die before telling you anything.
If it comes to that, I'll kill myself.
If it comes to that, I'll commit suicide.
Who in their right mind would do such a thing?
Go buy me a car.
Buy me a car.
Buy me a ring.
Buy me a house.
Buy me an apartment.
Buy me a dog.
Buy me a cat.
Buy me a pet.
Buy me a parrot.
Buy me some flowers.
I will find the person who did this.
Bring me the boy.
I will be his teacher.
I will be her teacher.
I will be their teacher.
I will not rest until I find the person who did this.
I won't rest until I find the person who did this.
Those apples look lovely.
Those oranges look lovely.
It's a good principle to die for.
These are good principles to die for.
These are good principles.
They're good principles.
I would die for my principles.
I think my principles are worth dying for.
I think these are principles worth dying for.
I think these principles are worth dying for.
You will never understand how I feel.
You can't understand how I feel.
They refused to surrender.
Why should I believe in your god and not some other god?
What makes your god any better than all the others?
The gods will be pleased.
The gods do not tolerate cowardice.
We do not tolerate cowardice.
The gods punish cowardice.
The gods punish sinners.
Why would a benevolent god allow Hell to exist?
I don't believe in devils.
Are angels real?
I don't believe in fairies.
The photo was doctored.
It's a doctored photo.
Have you read Tom's book?
Sami was giving and caring.
Sami was an amazing man.
Sami was so smart and organized.
Sami and me were best friends.
Sami called Layla back.
Sami started thinking Layla was dead.
Mennad's newspaper was on the ground for two days.
I have never seen a compelling argument for religion. If I ever saw one I'd convert.
Sami spent time with Layla.
Sami worked for the sheriff's office.
Sami was absolutely obsessed with Layla.
Sami came to us and told us what had happened.
Sami bought a bottle of champagne.
Sami felt the loss.
Sami was thirty six, single, and a successful executive.
Sami came for the weekend.
Sami and Layla were here.
Sami and Layla lived in a lovely home.
Sami didn't pick up the phone.
Sami was puzzled when Layla didn't pick up the phone.
Sami asked Farid to go check on Layla.
Sami got really worried.
Sami went to the door and knocked twice.
Sami was still on the phone.
Sami heard Layla scream.
Sami found Farid hanging in the garage.
Sami was hanging from the ceiling.
Sami apparently committed suicide.
Sami hung himself with a sheet.
Sami was stabbed repeatedly.
Sami's mutilated body was in his room, decapitated and his heart removed.
Sami and Layla had dinner together.
Sami told Layla not to come over.
Sami had a little too much to drink.
Sami planned to leave that day.
Sami killed both Farid and his wife.
Sami had one stab wound to his chest.
Sami was just screaming.
Sami was just screaming as his father savagely beat his mother.
Sami's friends considered him a bit of an odd ball.
Sami was a wonderful person.
Sami and Layla were almost inseparable.
Sami and Layla never argued.
Sami killed himself and he left no note.
Sami was visibly shaken.
Sami was briefed by police.
Sami's mom was just screaming as his father savagely beat him with a stick.
Sami told his story on tape.
Sami kept the secret hidden for more than three decades.
Sami lived with his parents in this small house.
Sami was shaving.
Sami was reading in his room.
Sami shot Layla in the back.
Sami was in the bathtub, bathing.
Sami desperately tried to calm Farid down.
Sami made his escape.
Sami said no.
Sami was just a little boy.
Layla was just a little girl.
Sami pounded on the front door.
Sami was waiting outside.
Sami has just killed his parents.
Sami killed his mother.
Sami's father was critically wounded.
Sami underwent three separate psychiatric evaluations.
Sami wasn't hallucinating.
Sami wasn't showing the signs and symptoms of serious mental illness.
Sami didn't get into any trouble at school.
Sami didn't have a diagnosable mental illness.
Sami was only twelve years old.
Sami was too young to be held criminally responsible for his act.
Sami was sent to a psychiatric hospital.
Sami won Layla's release.
Sami never spoke to Layla about what had happened.
Sami accepted Layla back into the home.
Sami tried to kill his father.
Sami never told his wife about this.
Sami didn't know anything at all about Layla's past.
Sami never spoke to Layla.
Sami never made a single effort to say that he was sorry for what happened to us.
Sami is now fifty years old.
Sami's twisted psyche was never understood.
Sami evacuated for the hurricane.
Sami has never seen anything like this house.
Sami worked as a radar technician.
Sami sees this every day.
Sami thought it wasn't a big deal.
Sami read medical books.
Sami gave Layla that name.
Sami was secretly infatuated with his niece.
Sami was obsessed by his niece.
Sami visited pornographic websites.
Sami read anything related to necrophilia.
Sami was obsessed with necrophilia.
Sami was a criminal profiler.
Sami was quite organized.
Sami was very reliable and responsible.
Sami led a very ordinary life.
Sami and Layla had a nice dinner together.
Sami was out late.
Sami was married to Farid's sister, Layla.
Sami killed his pregnant mother.
Sami was crying uncontrollably.
Sami refused to step on the roach.
Sami didn't have any reason to believe that.
Sami and Layla fell in love and got married.
Sami was Farid's best man.
Sami informed Layla of Farid's past.
Sami went to visit Layla.
Sami murdered his pregnant mother.
Sami is very well-traveled.
Sami killed his sister and niece.
Sami knew what he was doing.
Sami's head was removed.
Sami drove from Cairo to Alexandria just looking for Layla.
Sami made a frightening discovery.
Sami is a homicide detective.
Sami had a small rowboat.
Sami placed Layla's body on the bottom of the boat.
Sami was decapitated, his heart cut out.
Sami is Farid's former brother-in-law.
Sami was killed not too far from Layla's house.
Sami later confronted Layla.
Sami might have committed this heinous act.
Sami was much more specific.
Sami had blood on him.
Sami committed a heinous crime.
Sami fooled everyone.
Sami wanted to be remembered for the person that he was.
Sami lost two people he loved very dearly.
Sami struggled to accept Layla's death.
Sami was totally destroyed.
Sami held Layla responsible for this.
Sami and Layla had a family secret.
Sami and Layla did everything they could to preserve their family secret.
Sami sat in front of Layla.
Sami had a covert evil nature.
Sami was an invisible criminal.
Sami still misses Layla.
Sami still misses Layla terribly.
Sami is now rotting in jail.
Sami and Layla were on their way to a party.
The conquest of İstanbul antedates the discovery of America.
He's leading you up the garden path.
I can't resist sweets.
The Nazis were as socialist as North Korea is democratic.
Tom built his house out of shipping containers.
Tom and Mary live in a house by the river.
The Nazis were as socialist as the Holy Roman Empire was Roman.
Tom and Mary are anti-fascists.
Tom is an anti-fascist.
Mary is an anti-fascist.
I like hot coffee.
He also didn't pass the re-exam.
Scientists have detected gravitational waves.
The gravitational waves were generated by the merger of two black holes.
Polar bears hunt seals.
The earth’s climate is changing faster than at any other time in history.
Tom is a climate scientist.
Polar bears are threatened by climate change.
The Dutch are the world's tallest people.
He didn't get through the resit either.
He fluffed the resit, too.
Tom and Mary almost died of thirst after their truck broke down in the middle of the desert.
Everyone clapped at the end of the concert.
Something always sticks.
The geography book he put under the pillow.
Nothing is similar to it.
On the benches they put cushions.
Cushions were placed in the seats.
The little dog had his own cushion.
Stop trying to be someone you're not.
You don't have a monopoly on good taste.
I am looking for an apartment located on the second floor or higher.
My color preferences are blue, red, and white in this order.
The most important people in my life are my wife, my son, and my parents in that order.
It can be said that Portuguese is simpler than certain Slavic languages that have case and dual inflections.
He overlaid the walls on the inside with gold.
The winning numbers in last night's lottery draw were 7, 18, 3, 41, and in that order.
The French teacher was stumped by her student's question.
You should do what you can.
Tom doesn't like the fact that Mary is dating John.
Tom heard Mary and John fighting in the next room.
Tom doesn't want Mary to go to Boston with John.
Tom didn't want Mary to go to Boston with John.
Who told Tom to ask Mary to help John do that?
Tom doesn't want Mary to say anything to John.
I think Tom will ask Mary to do that for John.
Tom knew that Mary was John's girlfriend.
Tom and John are married to twin sisters.
Tom heard Mary say that she hated John.
Tom will ask Mary to do that for John.
Tom was sitting between Mary and John.
Tom and John are almost like brothers.
Tom Jackson's real name is John Smith.
Tom is sitting between Mary and John.
Tom didn't see Mary talking to John.
Tom and John are married to sisters.
Tom and John are just like brothers.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are all in the classroom.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are all going to do that.
Tom knew that Mary was John and Alice's daughter.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are in the same class.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all like Chinese food.
Tom didn't see Mary talking with John and Alice.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are all from Boston.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice came here together.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all live in Boston.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice are all Canadians.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all enjoy dancing.
Tom heard Mary and John talking about Alice.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice all like dancing.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice can all do that.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice were all there.
I'm the one who convinced Tom not to do that.
I think it would've been difficult to do that.
Tom buys and sells antique rugs.
Tom buys and sells antiques.
Tom buys and sells used cars.
The next morning he put his hand under the cushion, hoping to find under it gold.
She fell back on the pillow, exhausted, choking.
It may not have been as hard as Tom said it was.
It may not be as difficult as you think to do that.
It may not be as hard as you think to do that.
I heard that Tom doesn't swim very well.
Tom didn't sign the confession voluntarily.
Tom checked three books out from the library.
How can someone so rich be unhappy?
"Is that a poodle?" "I'm not sure."
"I don't understand what's going on." "You don't have to."
"I don't understand what's going on." "You don't need to."
A lot of people don't realize how easy it is to do that.
Tom was the first one to realize that Mary was having a hard time doing that.
Tom knew that Mary was likely to not do that.
It's hard to believe that something that terrible could happen around here.
Tom yelled that he couldn't hold onto the rope any longer, and then he let go.
I thought you knew Tom graduated from Harvard.
I've done everything I needed to do.
Tom wanted to know who Mary was going to do that with.
Tom knew Mary didn't have to do that anymore.
I'll sleep on the couch tonight.
Tom wanted to hire us both, but his boss would only let him hire one of us.
I think you should write Tom a thank you note.
Can I go out for a bit?
Tom was the first one to realize that Mary wanted to do that.
Tom is going to try to find a way to do that.
You don't have to try to do that if you don't want to.
Tom told me he found an interesting book about Boston at the local library.
I hope Tom likes the present I bought for him.
I've been so worried about you that I haven't been sleeping well at night.
Tom wanted to know who Mary was planning to do that with.
Tom informed Mary that she shouldn't do that.
I'm sorry I couldn't help you yesterday.
Tom told me he checked out a book about Boston from the local library.
I don't think Tom would be willing to help us.
I'll see you at the hotel later.
Tom still doesn't know who's going to help him do that.
Tom heard Mary say that she couldn't do that.
You have a nice house.
Tom wanted to hire us both, but he said he could only hire one of us.
I didn't realize that Tom was married to Mary.
I want to know what's likely to happen if we do that.
What makes you think Tom wasn't the one who did that?
Tom does that the way Mary told him to do it.
It's hard to believe that something like that could happen around here.
Tom thought that he was going to be busy all morning, but he wasn't.
Who gave Tom permission to borrow my bicycle?
I still don't like to drive in the city.
Tom didn't want anyone to see him doing that.
I wanted you to be here at 2:30.
When Tom got home, the children had already finished eating dinner.
Who did Tom think would lend him an umbrella?
Where's your umbrella?
What's the real reason Tom doesn't want to do that?
Tom didn't have Mary's permission to do that.
I thought you said you wanted to do that by yourself.
We're sorry to tell you this, but Tom didn't survive the accident.
When is Tom going to move into his new house?
Can you do me a favor and go to the supermarket and buy me some eggs?
What makes you think Tom won't know how to do that?
Tom and Mary were always doing that together.
I haven't been this busy in a long time.
Tom tried to lift the box by himself, but he wasn't strong enough.
When I told Tom that, he didn't say anything.
I think I made the wrong choice.
What does Tom like to do that you don't like to do?
Maybe you shouldn't do that with Tom anymore.
The toast looks burnt.
Tom's dog is still waiting for him just outside the front door.
What time did Tom say he wanted to get there?
I hope you're not planning on doing that by yourself.
Tom will try to find out why Mary wants to do that.
If you didn't get enough sleep last night, you should take a nap.
Tom was the first one to realize that Mary wasn't having any fun.
Too bad Tom isn't here to show us what to do.
I forgot to do what you wanted me to do.
Tom was the one who told me not to do that anymore.
I'm quite certain Tom did that intentionally.
I think I made the right choice.
Tom wanted to know who Mary was planning to go to Boston with.
Tom went to the beach with Mary last weekend.
I felt bad about that.
Tom thought it would be a good idea if we did that.
I'm not surprised that Tom wanted to do that.
I haven't been able to find time to do that recently.
Tom thought that the best solution was the one Mary suggested.
Tom was very nervous when that was happening.
I still don't have enough money to buy the motorcycle that I want.
Tom said he hoped he never needed to do that again.
I'm not sure whether Tom will do that or not.
Doing that is going to take a long time.
Tom tried to reach the top shelf, but he wasn't tall enough.
Tom was unable to do what we asked him to do.
I still don't have a smartphone.
Tom realized there was no way he'd be able do that.
I wonder why Tom told me I shouldn't do that.
You have a nice home.
Tom still doesn't know who's going to be at today's meeting.
Tom was the one who told me where Mary lived.
I thought you said you wanted me to do that for you.
Tom isn't likely to forget to tell Mary to do that.
I wonder why Tom told me I needed to do that.
Do you think you could stop insulting me in front of my family?
Tom wasn't really paying attention to what Mary was saying.
Tom wanted to know who was going to help him.
Would you mind if I went out for a bit?
Tom informed Mary that she needed to do that today.
I wonder why Tom thought I needed to do that.
I have no idea what it might be.
I'm quite certain Tom did that on purpose.
Would you mind if I went out for a while?
Tom knew that Mary was likely not to do that.
What did Tom do to make Mary angry?
Why is Tom mad at Mary?
Why is Tom upset with Mary?
What did Tom do to help Mary?
I suggest you take a look at their proposal.
We will never surrender.
We will never surrender!
The train's late.
They will regret their decision.
You will regret your decision.
If anyone can do it, he can.
If anyone can do it, she can.
If anyone can do it, they can.
If anyone can do it, I can.
If anyone can do that, Tom can.
If anyone can do that, it'll be Tom.
Tom is the one who's likely to be able to do that.
Tom is the only one who's likely to be able to do that.
If anyone can do that, it would be Tom.
We will punish them.
They will be punished.
She will be punished.
I have never met my children.
I have never seen my children.
Listen to the birds.
Do I frighten you?
Do they frighten you?
What's wrong with eating dog meat?
I imagine you must be very tired.
Tell me all about your journey.
Tell me all about your trip.
They will die if we don't help them.
He'll die if we don't help him.
She'll die if we don't help her.
I'll die if you don't help me.
My life's at stake.
Her life's at stake.
His life's at stake.
Their lives are at stake.
Our lives are at stake.
Dance.
Dance!
Crap.
I'll help you, on one condition.
There was no way for you to know this would happen.
Over the course of history, millions have died in meaningless dynastic power struggles.
Why should I lay down my life for my king?
Why should I lay down my life for any king?
A man decides he wants to be king; thousands of people die shortly thereafter as a result of this desire.
So much blood has been spilled over meaningless aristocratic quarrels.
If he wants to be king, let him go and fight.
I'm not about to throw away my life just because some maniac has a psychopathic obsession with sitting on a throne.
He is my king.
She is my queen.
It is a firmly anti-war novel.
A building collapsed in Cairo.
He wanted to conquer the world. Why?
Why did he want to conquer the world?
Why did she want to conquer the world?
Why have so many individuals throughout history wished to be conquerors?
Why would I want to be a conqueror?
What is the point of conquest?
Why do some people have an obsessive desire for power?
Why are they so obsessed with having power?
The indoctrination runs deep.
The quarrels of kings and queens have led to much bloodshed.
Millions have died as a result of private quarrels between aristocrats.
You will do what I tell you.
He will do what I tell him.
She will do what I tell her.
They will do what I tell them.
I will send my army to take the city and slaughter every single person there.
I will kill every last one of them.
The city is under siege.
Execute him.
Type.
Type!
Execute her.
Execute them.
They were beheaded.
Before their execution, they were tortured savagely for months.
The rebellion was crushed.
The uprising was crushed.
The rebels were executed.
The rebels were slaughtered.
His reign was short, but bloody.
They refused to see the error of their ways.
They did not see the error of their ways.
They call themselves civilized, but they're just as savage as those they call barbarians.
Did you know I have a blog?
In my spare time, I write articles for my blog.
How do you sleep at night, knowing what you've done?
They really loved me.
He really loved me.
She really loved me.
You really loved me.
I was duped into thinking he was trustworthy.
He tricked me into giving him my wallet.
He tricked me into giving him my money.
This is my money.
This is my money, not yours.
They wouldn't stop hitting me.
They wouldn't stop torturing me.
I'm afraid she might be losing touch.
They enjoyed torturing me.
Torturing me gave them pleasure.
I'll get my revenge if it's the last thing I do!
Sami succumbed to Layla's charm.
Sami loved Layla for her European looks.
I'm writing this on Friday, June 2, at AM.
The Nika Riots constituted a sixth-century Turkish uprising against the Roman Emperor Justinian.
The ancient Roman and Byzantine empires had well-developed associations known as demes.
This was particularly true of chariot racing.
Although many European countries are republics, several countries, including Italy, Germany, France and Lithuania, still have pretenders or claimants to the throne who are descended from those countries’ deposed kings.
Some families believed they had a more rightful claim to the throne than Justinian.
The murderers were to be hanged, and most of them were.
There was enormous resentment over high taxes.
Justinian, in despair, considered fleeing but his wife is said to have dissuaded him.
A call vibrates in stray wind.
Obscurity is by no means a proof of deep thought.
We are expecting a lot of applicants for the job.
"I'll come at once, I'll just comb myself before", said Chewbacca in his own language.
I can't afford to go on holiday this year because I'm broke.
Did you see what I saw?
Tom doesn't want to spend the rest of his career in middle management.
Fascists avoid creating public outcry by victimizing groups that are already widely despised. Authoritarians cheer genocide as liberals look the other way because they don't want to appear too sympathetic to unpopular causes.
In the 21st century virtually every American considers themselves a dissident, even those who defend tradition and powerful institutions.
A Princeton study determined that the United States is either entirely ruled by financial elites or mostly ruled by them, with some ability in the latter case for non-elites to influence politics via special interest groups.
Mary is a whiz kid.
Excuse me, what's the soup du jour?
I'll have the soup du jour.
Tom is studying to become a physician's assistant.
Mary is studying to become a physician's assistant.
Tom has to perform elaborate rituals to alleviate his fear of spontaneous combustion.
Tom was denied a security clearance on the basis that he could be blackmailed.
Tom's plans failed to materialize.
He's dead as a doornail, Tom.
Tim is Tom's twin brother.
Mary told Tom in no uncertain terms that she would not remain friends with someone who didn't understand the personal impact of political decisions.
The civil disobedience of the dead was heroic; the civil disobedience of the living is extremist and criminal.
A queer person is not a conversation piece.
Tom ordered an open-faced sandwich with a side of fries.
I thought the brass section was a little off.
Mary was treated for deep vein thrombosis when she was pregnant with her second child.
Tom doesn't play a real instrument, but he does play a mean air guitar.
This new and improved coffee maker will revolutionize the way you start your morning.
Tom is an ambulance chaser.
Tom's political prospects dried up after the scandal, so he became a pundit for a conservative news station.
Mary's refrigerator from the 1970s still works; Tom's fridge from has already stopped working due to planned obsolescence.
The American director made an homage to spaghetti western films.
Quit being a putz, Tom.
You don't have to digitize everything, Tom.
Poor sanitation practices rendered Europe helpless against the Black Death.
Mary walks to the beat of her own drum.
They heard noises.
I hear no sound.
I hear the twittering of birds.
Silence has strength.
They're making a hell of a noise.
I was able to buy fresh fish in the market.
It would not be the first time.
I want to build a wooden hut.
A swarm of birds crouched in the branches.
This wooden piece of furniture is too bulky.
Don't normalize reactionary extremists by calling them "conservatives."
They are much more savage than those they call barbarians.
The United States will withdraw from the Paris Agreement.
The plants were watered.
I wish you could have seen me.
I wish I could have seen you.
A small crowd appeared.
Modern Europeans and Americans are very much alike.
Translating is a fine writing exercise.
The transit passenger expressed anxiety about the delay of the arrival of the bus.
If you want to know the value of money, try to borrow it.
Hunger often produces immortal poems. Abundance, only indigestion and clumsiness.
Each fragrant flower is telling us the secrets of the Universe.
The rose and the thorn, sadness and joy are constant pairs.
Tom says he doesn't care at all.
This must be a new record.
I still have a couple of things to do.
Tom wanted to know who Mary was going to go to Boston with.
Tom took Mary to the best restaurant in town.
Who made this guitar?
Tom didn't have his parents' permission to do that.
I wonder when Tom showed Mary how to do that.
I know you probably wanted to do that by yourself.
Tom took care of Mary's cats while she was in the hospital.
Tom still doesn't know what needs to be done.
If you want to buy a cheap guitar, go to a second-hand shop.
Tom and Mary do that together as often as they can.
I was hoping Tom wouldn't tell me to do that.
Why don't you just read the directions?
When I first met Tom, he was still working as a bartender.
Tom knew that he wasn't likely to be elected.
I came here to ask you for help.
Please tell me how you found out that Tom did that.
I thought you said you wanted Tom to do that.
I made a good choice.
Tom was the only one who knew the combination to the safe.
Tom knew that Mary was likely not to be busy.
I know you probably didn't really want to do that.
No one is in a better position to do that than Tom.
I think that Tom will do that sometime today.
I know you probably didn't do what you were supposed to do.
Tom wanted to go outside and play with the other children.
Tom knew that Mary didn't want to drink beer.
Where's the guy who helped you do this?
I'm sure that Tom isn't going to help Mary do that.
I think Tom may not be able to do that today.
Did Mary get the flowers I sent?
Tom took his goggles off and wiped the sweat off his face.
Tom knew that Mary didn't like him very much.
I hope we don't lose.
I'm quite certain Tom didn't do that intentionally.
I don't think Tom would mind if you did that.
I hope you're not planning to do that by yourself.
Tom's parents adopted John a few months before they died.
Tom isn't going to come back to pick Mary up.
When was the last time you told your wife you loved her?
I was the one who convinced Tom to stop doing that.
I don't think Tom will ever start doing that.
Maybe we should do this somewhere else.
Tom thought Mary did it, even though she said she didn't.
Tom is on the balcony, looking at the sunset.
You said you wanted to be here.
I think Tom may be able to do that if you help him.
I don't think Tom will ever enjoy doing that.
Will you forgive me?
When Tom got home, the children had already gone to bed.
Tom has invited some friends over for dinner.
I don't understand how you were able to do that.
I doubt if Tom would be willing to stop doing that.
Do you think we should expect Tom to do that?
I started studying French when I was in the third grade.
What makes you think Tom is still a high school student?
Tom forgot to buy what Mary asked him to buy.
I'm thinking of dropping out of school.
Do you think Tom would care if Mary didn't do that?
Do you think Tom would care if Mary did that?
You said you needed me to help.
Tom works at the store across the street from his house.
Tom died alone in a small cabin in the woods.
We talked for hours.
Would you tell Tom why you don't enjoy doing that?
Would you know if Tom is allowed to do that?
Are you going to be able to do that by yourself?
Tom was heading out of town when I saw him this morning.
Tom didn't know Mary thought he should leave.
I need to take my car to the mechanic's to get it fixed.
When do you think Tom is going to want to do that?
Would you be good enough to do that for Tom?
I'll never forget what you did tonight.
Tom took his key out of his pocket and unlocked the car.
Tom didn't know Mary had been married before.
You have a fever of degrees.
What's the real reason Tom didn't want to do that?
Why would Tom do that if he doesn't have to?
I've got to go home.
Tom said he needed the rest of the money that I owe him.
Tom burned all the letters Mary had sent him.
I want to know when you're planning to do that.
What makes you think Tom would be able to do that?
Why should Tom need Mary to do that for him?
It's already been three months since I moved to Boston.
Tom's dog is still waiting just outside the front door.
Tom and Mary used to sing together at a club.
I wish I had a guitar as good as yours.
What makes you think Tom was the one who did that?
Why Tom did that is beyond my comprehension.
You aren't a Canadian, are you?
Tom tried to reach the top shelf, but he was too short.
Tom and Mary talked about all kinds of stuff.
I worked hard today.
What makes you think Tom hasn't done that already?
What makes you think Tom would ever do that?
I know you probably didn't do that by yourself.
Tom took his sunglasses off and put them in his pocket.
Tom and Mary have been arguing all afternoon.
I'm getting so sick of eating the same thing every day.
Tom will soon be able to do that without any help.
Adult male lions have a large mane.
Lionesses have no mane.
Throw your heart first and your horse will jump the obstacle. Many people give up before facing obstacles. They are the ones who have not thrown the heart first.
Horses have mane and a thick, long tail.
A horse is synonymous with grace, strength and great beauty.
Goats have two hollow horns.
What makes you think Tom enjoyed doing that?
I want to know when you plan to arrive.
Tom wished he had parents like all the other children.
Tom and I used to like doing the same things.
Who benefited from what we did?
Tom will have plenty of time to do that next week.
Tom will get mad if you don't do that today.
I made you some tea.
We're sorry to tell you this, but Tom didn't make it.
Please try to talk Tom into joining our team.
I hope you're not planning on doing that today.
Tom tried to do that, but he wasn't strong enough.
Tom will do that for you if you want him to.
Mary was wearing a blue dress the last time I saw her.
Tom was the only one who knew the safe's combination.
Mary was the only girl Tom ever really loved.
I think your French sounds pretty good.
Tom thinks Mary will probably not want to do that.
Tom will do that first thing in the morning.
We were very lucky to get this.
Tom took Mary to one of the best restaurants in town.
It's not Tom who needs protection. It's Mary.
I'll be right home.
Tom should do that the way Mary told him to do it.
Tom will ask Mary for permission to do that.
I'm sorry I wasn't able to help you do that.
I've done everything that Tom told me I needed to do.
I was hoping Tom wouldn't ask me to help him.
It's already been three months since I came to Boston.
Tom says he'll do that again if Mary wants him to.
Tom tried to do that, but he wasn't able to.
I think I didn't make the right choice.
Tom was the first one to realize that Mary was in pain.
I thought you knew Tom and Mary were married.
We should've done that earlier.
Tom said he didn't have the permission to do that.
Tom thinks Mary will probably never do that.
I live in the dorm.
Tom took care of Mary's dog while she was in Boston.
I thought it might be too early to visit Tom.
I want to know what'll happen if we do that.
Tom must've forgotten that he'd already done that.
Tom says he'll do that if Mary wants him to.
It bothers me that people don't seem to like me much.
Do you think Tom might like to go to Boston with us?
I think Tom is a lot better swimmer than you.
I still don't like to driving the city.
Tom made me swear that I'd never to do that again.
Tom said he'd rather not do that by himself.
I've been so worried about you.
Why don't you ask Tom if he'd like to come with us?
I think Tom is a lot better singer than Mary.
Why are you naked?
Tom knew that Mary wasn't really going to do that.
Tom said he'd rather not ask Mary to do that.
I thought you said you wanted me to do that.
What's the real reason Tom didn't want to buy that?
I think I shouldn't have told Tom about that.
I'm sure the police will eventually catch the robber.
Tom isn't going to be mad if Mary doesn't do that.
Tom said he'd like to know why you did that.
You need to learn how to speak French.
Tom went back to school to get something he forgot.
I think I should've talked to Tom about that.
I'm sorry I wasn't there today.
Tom is unlikely to forget to tell Mary to do that.
Tom realized he no longer needed to do that.
Who did you visit?
Tom wasn't able to say what he wanted to in French.
I don't think Tom enjoys hanging out with us.
I hope you're not planning to do that today.
Tom is going to find out who did that, eventually.
Tom made me swear not to ever do that again.
I'm sure the police will catch the robber eventually.
Tom took his car to the mechanic's to get it fixed.
Do you think Tom will be here this afternoon?
Who taught you how to play the guitar?
Tom decided that he didn't really like doing that.
Tom isn't the only one here who can do that.
I don't want to sing right now.
Tom said he knew something bad was going to happen.
Who did Tom think would cook dinner for him?
I won't stay here.
I'm the one who convinced Tom to start doing that.
Tom isn't really planning to do that, is he?
I know you probably didn't want to do that.
Tom knew that Mary didn't want to be seen with him.
Where do you think Tom is going to go today?
I'm getting so sick of having to come here every day.
I'm sure Tom will try to convince Mary to do that.
Tom isn't going to be mad if Mary does that.
Who did you give your old computer to?
Tom is finally going to do what he told us he'd do.
When was the last time Tom cleaned his room?
I don't want to be the manager.
I'm not surprised that Tom didn't want to do that.
Tom isn't doing that the way he was told to.
I won't go there.
Tom has been seeing a counselor three times a week.
When Tom told me that, I didn't believe him.
Tom still can't do that.
Tom and Mary weren't able to help me.
Tom and Mary couldn't help me.
Tom and Mary were unable to help me.
Tom and Mary weren't able to help John.
Tom and Mary couldn't help John.
Tom and Mary were unable to help John.
Tom and Mary weren't able to help me do that.
Tom and Mary couldn't help me do that.
Tom and Mary were unable to help me do that.
Tom and Mary weren't able to help John do that.
Tom and Mary couldn't help John do that.
Tom and Mary were unable to help John do that.
The police were at the scene before Tom arrived.
The police were at the scene before Tom got there.
I think Tom hasn't yet done enough.
I think Tom hasn't done enough yet.
I think there's a possibility that Tom will do that.
I think there's a possibility that Tom is going to do that.
I don't think Tom did that correctly.
I don't think Tom did that right.
The police were at the scene when Tom arrived.
The police were at the scene when Tom got there.
I think Tom may have done this.
I think Tom might've done this.
I think Tom may have been the one who did this.
I think Tom might've been the one who did this.
I think Tom is going to do that again.
I think Tom will do that again.
Tom put on his boots.
Tom put his boots on.
Tom took his boots off.
Tom put his socks on.
Tom put his jacket on.
Tom put his helmet on.
Tom put his hat on.
Tom put his goggles on.
Tom put his gloves on.
Tom put his glasses on.
Tom put his coat on.
Tom knocked several of Mary's teeth out.
Tom knocked out several of Mary's teeth.
Tom knocked out one of Mary's teeth.
Tom knocked one of Mary's teeth out.
Tom isn't planning on doing that.
Tom is planning on doing that.
Tom is planning to do that.
Tom said he's planning on doing that.
Tom said he's planning to do that.
Tom said he isn't planning on doing that.
Tom said he isn't planning to do that.
Tom hasn't yet finished writing the report.
Tom hasn't finished writing the report yet.
Tom hasn't yet finished high school.
Tom hasn't finished high school yet.
Tom has all sorts of problems.
Tom has all kinds of problems.
Tom has a lot more money than Mary.
Tom has much more money than Mary.
Tom has a lot more free time than Mary.
Tom has much more free time than Mary.
Tom had a lot more money than Mary.
Tom had much more money than Mary.
Tom had a lot more free time than Mary.
Tom had much more free time than Mary.
Tom had all sorts of problems.
Tom had all kinds of problems.
Tom gave some money to Mary.
Tom drove his kids to school.
Tom drove his children to school.
Tom drives his kids to school every day.
Tom drives his children to school every day.
Tom dropped his kids off at school.
Tom dropped his children off at school.
Tom dropped his kids off at school on his way to work.
Tom dropped his children off at school on his way to work.
Tom doesn't yet know what he'll do.
Tom doesn't know what he'll do yet.
Tom doesn't yet know what he should do.
Tom doesn't know what he should do yet.
Tom doesn't yet know what he needs to do.
Tom doesn't know what he needs to do yet.
Tom doesn't yet know what he has to do.
Tom doesn't know what he has to do yet.
Tom already knows that Mary is going to do that.
Tom already knows that Mary will do that.
Tom doesn't know what he's going to do yet.
Tom didn't yet know what he was going to do.
Tom didn't know what he was going to do yet.
Tom said he wasn't able to do everything he wanted to do.
Tom said he was unable to do everything he wanted to do.
Tom said he wasn't able to do everything he'd planned to do.
Tom said he was unable to do everything he had planned to do.
Tom said that he didn't really plan to do that.
Tom said that he didn't really plan on doing that.
Tom bought Mary flowers and chocolate.
Tom bought flowers and chocolate for Mary.
Do you think Tom would let me do that?
Do you think Tom would allow me to do that?
Do you think I should let Tom do that?
Do you think I should allow Tom to do that?
Did Tom really do that without anybody's help?
Did Tom really do that without anyone's help?
All Tom wanted was something to eat.
All Tom wanted was someone to love him.
All Tom wanted was some free time.
All Tom wanted was love.
All Tom wanted was a little sleep.
All Tom wanted was a drink.
All Tom ever talks about is Mary.
All Tom ever talks about is his job.
All Tom ever does is watch TV.
All Tom ever does is play games.
All Tom ever does is complain.
All Tom wanted to do was eat.
Tom already knows that Mary did that.
Tom went alone.
Tom was expecting Mary to be there.
Tom didn't want anyone to see him with Mary.
Tom claims he's done that many times.
Are these Tom's?
Tom was expecting Mary to help him.
Tom didn't want the same things Mary wanted.
Tom decided that he wouldn't do that.
Those are Tom's.
Tom was in Boston for three months.
Tom doesn't know how to apologize in French.
Tom didn't know he needed to do that.
Tom just hit me.
Tom was involved in a bad accident.
Tom doesn't want the same things Mary wants.
Tom didn't know he shouldn't do that.
Who did Tom ask?
Tom was scared to go into the cave.
Tom found out that Mary was a married woman.
Tom didn't realize he had to do that.
Tom owns a ranch.
Tom was the first one in the house.
Tom gave Mary a kiss and got out of the car.
Tom didn't realize he should do that.
Tom should leave.
Tom was the only one who had a key.
Tom gave the robbers everything they wanted.
Tom didn't want to do that with Mary.
Tom ate breakfast.
Tom was unable to do what we asked.
Tom had enough time to do what he had to do.
Tom does that the same way Mary does.
Tom rented an SUV.
Tom went to the beach last weekend.
Tom had no idea that he was being too noisy.
Tom has decided not to do that again.
Tom was very weak.
What makes you think Tom is guilty?
Tom has been helping Mary with her homework.
Tom has found an easy way to do that.
Tom wasn't in bed.
When would Tom like to go swimming?
Tom has been playing his guitar all morning.
Tom has found another way to do that.
When was Tom here?
When would Tom like us to be there?
Tom has made several bad decisions recently.
Tom is fairly certain he can do that.
Who did Tom visit?
Who did Tom want to go hiking with?
Tom has received a lot of letters from Mary.
Tom is going to learn how to do that.
Did Tom really win?
Don't you want Tom to know about it?
Tom has some serious psychological problems.
Tom is just getting ready to do that.
I've spoken to Tom.
How long does Tom expect us to stay?
Tom is good at balancing things on his head.
Tom is looking forward to doing that.
Is Tom still angry?
How long does Tom expect us to wait?
Tom knew Mary was going to be in the office.
Tom is probably not doing that right.
Tom is Mary's hero.
I don't think Tom enjoys being here.
Tom knew something bad was likely to happen.
Tom is probably the one who did that.
Tom is behind bars.
I don't think Tom likes living here.
Tom knew that Mary wasn't likely to be busy.
Tom is still planning not to do that.
Tom just hugged me.
I have something I have to tell Tom.
Tom knew that he was unlikely to be elected.
Tom is the one who's been doing that.
Tom just kissed me.
I think Tom has already done enough.
Tom knew that he wasn't likely to be chosen.
Tom is unlikely to forget to do that.
Tom locked the car.
I think Tom will do a very good job.
Tom knew that it was about to start raining.
Tom isn't allowed to do that anymore.
Tom must leave now.
I think it's too early to visit Tom.
Tom knew that something was about to happen.
Tom isn't going to do that right now.
Tom ought to leave.
I think that's why I don't like Tom.
Tom knew there was nothing more he could do.
Tom isn't going to help Mary do that.
Tom saw Mary first.
I thought that Tom might be unhappy.
Tom knew things about Mary that John didn't.
Tom isn't likely to help you do that.
Tom told Mary that.
I was waiting for Tom to talk to me.
Tom left Boston a few days before Christmas.
Tom isn't likely to start doing that.
Did Tom really lose?
I'd like to know why Tom isn't here.
Tom now knows the truth about how Mary died.
Tom isn't supposed to do that, is he?
Tom isn't with Mary.
Someone else told Tom. It wasn't me.
Tom now knows the truth about what happened.
Tom knew Mary didn't need to do that.
Tom just kept quiet.
That's all Tom said he needed to do.
Tom read every book in his school's library.
Tom knew he had to help Mary do that.
Tom went to college.
That's not what Tom wants you to do.
Tom said he was tired and wanted to go home.
Tom knows he shouldn't do that again.
Is Tom at your place?
Tom already knows what he has to do.
Tom should've given Mary a birthday present.
Tom said I shouldn't do that anymore.
Is Tom in his office?
Tom already knows what he should do.
Tom thought he had come up with a good plan.
Tom said he didn't help Mary do that.
Is Tom still at home?
Tom and Mary are talking about John.
Tom told Mary everything she wanted to know.
Tom said he had to help Mary do that.
Tom didn't feel well.
Tom and Mary didn't help each other.
Tom wanted Mary to meet some of his friends.
Tom said he was unwilling to do that.
Tom is a dog breeder.
Tom and Mary didn't know each other.
Tom was arrested when he crossed the border.
Tom said he'd never let Mary do that.
Tom is a gang member.
Tom and Mary were able to help John.
Tom was lying to Mary when he told her that.
Tom said he'd rather do that himself.
Tom is also Canadian.
Tom and his parents moved to Boston.
Tom was scared to go in the cave by himself.
Tom said he'd rather not do that now.
Tom is still unhappy.
Tom came to work early this morning.
Tom was the one who told me where you lived.
Tom said he's never done that before.
Tom is taking a risk.
Tom chose to go to Boston with Mary.
At first, Tom thought Mary was John's sister.
Tom told Mary that he had to do that.
Tom should be in bed.
Tom didn't know anything about this.
Can you do me a favor and take Tom to school?
Tom told Mary why she had to do that.
Tom unlocked the car.
Tom didn't know he had to help Mary.
I hope Tom didn't do what you told him to do.
Tom told me that I needed to do that.
Tom will do it again.
Tom didn't recognize Mary's parents.
I thought Tom was going to give Mary flowers.
Tom told me that I shouldn't do that.
I'm not Tom's brother.
Tom divorced Mary and married Alice.
I thought that Tom was still studying French.
Tom wasn't able to help Mary do that.
Tom heard loud noises.
Tom doesn't want to leave the house.
The flowers Mary got were from Tom, not John.
Tom will be doing that with us later.
Tom is dressed nicely.
Tom drove Mary to the shopping mall.
The only book Tom has ever read is the Bible.
Tom will definitely do that sometime.
Tom is getting weaker.
Tom found out that Mary was married.
The only person Tom ever talks about is Mary.
Tom will do that if Mary asks him to.
Tom is my type of guy.
Tom had no idea what Mary was doing.
The only person Tom wants to talk to is Mary.
Tom will do that when his turn comes.
Tom is on the balcony.
Tom has been single for a long time.
There were a lot of things Tom needed to buy.
Tom will never let you do that again.
Tom is still not home.
Tom has been studying all afternoon.
Tom and Mary went to an expensive restaurant.
Tom will probably not try to do that.
Tom has done what he was told to do.
Tom and Mary weren't dancing with each other.
Tom wishes he didn't have to do that.
Tom is the man I love.
Tom has done what we told him to do.
Tom doesn't know what Mary is planning to do.
Tom won't have to do that by himself.
Tom isn't in his room.
Tom has made some terrible mistakes.
Tom has gotten a number of letters from Mary.
Tom would never tell Mary to do that.
Tom knew Mary was mad.
Tom has traveled all over the world.
Tom hasn't done everything he was told to do.
We didn't want Tom to do that either.
Tom took his belt off.
Tom heard Mary talking on her phone.
Tom hasn't done everything we told him to do.
What makes you think Tom can do that?
Tom took his coat off.
Tom hopped in his car and drove off.
Tom knew Mary was no longer in love with him.
What would you think if Tom did that?
Tom was a gang member.
Tom is an elementary school teacher.
Tom knew that the gun Mary had wasn't loaded.
When was the first time Tom did that?
Tom was probably busy.
Tom is still serving time in prison.
Tom must've been very tired when he got home.
Why doesn't Tom want Mary to do that?
Tom was taking a risk.
Tom is still sitting at the counter.
Tom realized he no longer needed to be there.
Would it be OK to ask Tom to do that?
Why did Tom apologize?
Tom is very likely to be here today.
Tom said he had to buy some flowers for Mary.
Would you care if Tom didn't do that?
I should tell Tom that.
Tom knew Mary had more than one cat.
Tom said he needed to buy something for Mary.
Have you figured out how Tom did that?
I should've helped Tom.
Tom knew Mary wasn't having any fun.
Tom was probably very tired when he got home.
Haven't you asked Tom why he did that?
This is how Tom did it.
Tom knew something bad might happen.
I hope Tom didn't do what Mary told him to do.
I can't believe Tom actually did that.
Tom felt a lot of pain.
Tom knew there was a lot left to do.
I hope Tom didn't do what you asked him to do.
I hope Tom has enough time to do that.
Tom had money problems.
Tom managed to crawl to the doorway.
I thought Tom was going to tell me what to do.
I really should've helped Tom do that.
Tom heard Mary snoring.
Tom needs to finish what he's doing.
I was hoping Tom wouldn't ask me to help Mary.
I think I've convinced Tom to do that.
Tom heard Mary talking.
Tom really should've studied harder.
I wonder what inspired Tom to write that song?
I think Tom could get Mary to do that.
Tom heard a loud noise.
Tom says he just wanted to be loved.
I'd rather go shopping with you than with Tom.
I think Tom is going to do that today.
Tom is definitely busy.
Tom should've given Mary more money.
I'm sure Tom won't want to go fishing with us.
I think Tom might not want to do that.
Tom is nice and polite.
Tom still has a lot of things to do.
Last night, Tom went to sleep before midnight.
I think Tom wants to do that tomorrow.
Tom is now behind bars.
Tom still hasn't paid all his bills.
No one knows exactly where Tom is going to go.
I think Tom wouldn't enjoy doing that.
Tom is still not ready.
Tom stood in the corner of the room.
The only bed Tom has ever slept in is his own.
I think that's why Tom didn't do that.
Tom isn't helping Mary.
Tom swore he'd never hit Mary again.
The police have no other evidence against Tom.
Tom made a good choice.
Tom talked to Mary almost every day.
Tom almost always goes to bed before midnight.
I wonder why Tom suggested we do that.
Tom saw Mary at school.
Tom thought Mary had a lot of money.
Tom already knows what Mary is planning to do.
I'm not going to allow Tom to do that.
Tom should stay in bed.
Tom thought Mary's plan was perfect.
Tom and Mary talked about all kinds of things.
Tom didn't want to do that right away.
Tom studied journalism.
Tom thought he was no longer needed.
Tom and Mary talked until 2:in the morning.
Tom is supposed to do that by himself.
Tom studies journalism.
Tom threw the gun out of the window.
Tom and Mary used to often do things together.
Tom is sure Mary won't really do that.
Tom told Mary what she needed to do.
Tom and Mary wanted to spend all day together.
Tom is the only one who has done that.
Tom unleashed his dogs.
Tom told me where he parked his car.
Tom and Mary were playing tennis this morning.
Tom isn't going to do that now, is he?
Tom was dressed nicely.
Tom took the gun out of Mary's hand.
Tom carries a harmonica with him all the time.
Tom isn't going to do that right away.
Tom was on the balcony.
Tom walked his three dogs every day.
Tom carries a harmonica with him at all times.
Tom isn't likely to forget to do that.
Are they Tom's brothers?
Tom walks his dog three times a day.
Tom didn't know Mary had never been to Boston.
Tom isn't planning to do that anymore.
I have feelings for Tom.
Tom wants to finish what he's doing.
Tom didn't know Mary had spent time in prison.
Tom might be interested in doing that.
I should be helping Tom.
Tom was lying to you the whole time.
Tom didn't know that Mary was a married woman.
Tom might get injured if he does that.
I'm still afraid of Tom.
Tom was starting to feel very dizzy.
Tom didn't realize Mary was John's girlfriend.
Tom needs to find some way to do that.
Tom called Mary at 2:30.
Tom went to college for three years.
Tom didn't want Mary to go to Boston with him.
Tom said he wasn't willing to do that.
Tom disappeared in 2013.
Tom will do whatever has to be done.
Tom doesn't have enough money to buy a ticket.
Tom said he'd never do that with Mary.
Tom heard Mary shouting.
Tom's teachers have given up on him.
Tom doesn't have enough money to go to Boston.
Tom said he'd rather die than do that.
Tom heard Mary sneezing.
Tom's van is parked in the driveway.
Tom doesn't like the way Mary makes spaghetti.
Tom said he'd rather not do that here.
Tom heard a dog barking.
Was I not supposed to give Tom that?
Tom doesn't remember anything from that night.
Tom swore he wouldn't do that anymore.
Tom is combing his hair.
Was I not supposed to tell Tom that?
Tom gave Mary a quick kiss and got on the bus.
Tom thinks Mary will probably do that.
Tom knew Mary had a dog.
What time does Tom usually get home?
Tom had enough time to do what had to be done.
Tom told Mary that she had to do that.
Tom knew Mary was angry.
When does Tom expect us to be there?
Tom has made some horrible decisions recently.
Tom tried to do that, but he couldn't.
Tom now knows the truth.
When does Tom expect us to help him?
Tom has made some terrible decisions recently.
Tom was the one who helped us do that.
Tom regained his health.
When does Tom think we should leave?
Tom has made some very bad decisions recently.
Tom wasn't able to do that by himself.
Tom should go back home.
Who did Tom want to go sailing with?
Tom invited Mary over to his place for dinner.
Tom will do that if Mary wants him to.
Tom still calls me that.
How could Tom do something like that?
Tom is trying his best to get that done today.
Tom will do that later this afternoon.
Tom thought Mary did it.
How could Tom do something like this?
Tom knew all the children in his neighborhood.
Tom will do that this way from now on.
Tom took his helmet off.
I have something to discuss with Tom.
Tom knew it was Mary who had written the note.
Tom will never let Mary do that again.
Tom took the wrong path.
I haven't seen Tom since last summer.
Tom knew that Mary wasn't really angry at him.
Tom will probably never do that again.
Tom tried to fight back.
I think I know where Tom hid his key.
Tom knew that he wasn't going to have any fun.
Tom won't be allowed to do that again.
Tom walked towards Mary.
I think Tom didn't tell us the truth.
Tom knew that he wasn't likely to be arrested.
Tom would never allow Mary to do that.
Tom was a model student.
I think Tom wasn't telling the truth.
Tom needs to find a job to support his family.
Tom wouldn't like it if Mary did that.
Tom was asked to resign.
I think Tom went to Boston last week.
Tom probably knows a lot more than he told us.
What Tom and I did that day was wrong.
Tom was brutally beaten.
I think you should go there with Tom.
Tom pulled out his knife and peeled the apple.
What difference does that make to Tom?
Tom was definitely busy.
I thought Tom was going to like Mary.
Tom realized he no longer needed to help Mary.
What makes you think Tom will do that?
Tom was nice and polite.
I thought that Tom might be arrested.
Tom really should've eaten more for breakfast.
When Tom did that, Mary yelled at him.
Tom was savagely beaten.
I'd like to know why Tom isn't happy.
Tom still doesn't realize that Mary hates him.
When does Tom think we should do that?
Tom wasn't helping Mary.
I'm sorry about what happened to Tom.
Tom thought something bad was about to happen.
Who taught Tom how to do that so well?
Tom went back to prison.
That's exactly what Tom wanted to do.
Tom was having lunch with Mary on the veranda.
Why do you still allow Tom to do that?
Tom wished he had a dog.
That's not what Tom wanted you to do.
Tom was on the balcony, looking at the sunset.
Why does Tom want Mary not to do that?
Who did Tom come to see?
The only book Tom reads is the Bible.
Tom was sitting all by himself at the counter.
Why doesn't Tom want to do that today?
You'll have to help Tom.
The only person Tom knows here is me.
Tom will know not to do it that way next time.
Why exactly would Tom want to do that?
Those are Tom's, I think.
Tom agreed to meet Mary after school.
What kind of music does Tom like to listen to?
Why wouldn't you allow Tom to do that?
Tom chose the wrong path.
Tom already knows what Mary has done.
When did you find out that Tom couldn't drive?
Would Tom care if Mary didn't do that?
Tom cried the whole time.
Tom already knows what Mary is doing.
Who did Tom think would pay his bills for him?
Would you like Tom to do that for you?
Tom fired a shot at Mary.
Tom and I like doing the same things.
Do you know what part of Australia Tom is from?
You really should tell Tom to do that.
Tom got out of the water.
Tom and Mary talked about their kids.
Don't you want to hear what Tom said about you?
Do you think Tom has already done that?
Tom has become a teacher.
Tom and Mary went to Boston together.
I didn't realize that Tom used to be a teacher.
Do you think Tom might like to do that?
Tom has moved in with us.
Tom and Mary were talking about John.
I had no idea that Tom wasn't going to be here.
How did you find out that Tom did that?
Tom has proposed to Mary.
Tom asked Mary to meet him in person.
I hope Tom didn't do what Mary asked him to do.
I don't know if Tom can do that or not.
Tom heard Mary's screams.
Tom assured me the gun wasn't loaded.
I hope Tom doesn't tell Mary about what we did.
I had no idea Tom was going to do that.
Tom heard strange noises.
Tom did everything he was told to do.
I think I shouldn't have told Tom where I live.
I really should be helping Tom do that.
Tom is definitely afraid.
Tom didn't know Mary was from Boston.
I think Tom could do better if he tried harder.
I really should've told Tom to do that.
Tom is probably busy now.
Tom didn't know what he needed to do.
I think we can help Tom more than we have been.
I think Tom has never done that before.
Tom is taking a big risk.
Tom didn't think Mary would hurt him.
I thought I heard music coming from Tom's room.
I think Tom may not be able to do that.
Tom kept looking at Mary.
Tom didn't think Mary would kiss him.
I thought you knew Tom was allergic to peanuts.
I was hoping Tom would want to do that.
Tom knew he had to leave.
Tom didn't want things to end like this.
I'd really like to know why you don't like Tom.
I wonder when Tom told Mary to do that.
Tom made me feel special.
Tom doesn't know what he needs to do.
The neighborhood where Tom lives is very quiet.
I wonder why Tom asked Mary to do that.
Tom noticed Mary leaving.
Tom ended up not getting paid at all.
The only person Tom says he'll talk to is Mary.
I'm waiting for Tom to help me do that.
Tom put his coat back on.
Tom found out that Mary was Canadian.
The only thing Tom ever talks about is his job.
If Tom asks me not to do that, I won't.
Tom saw Mary in the park.
Tom got out of his car and locked it.
The police don't have any evidence against Tom.
Is Tom the one who told you to do that?
Tom started hitting Mary.
Tom had no idea of what was going on.
The police searched Tom's room for three hours.
It's not a bad idea to let Tom do that.
Tom started kissing Mary.
Tom had no idea what he needed to do.
Tom and Mary get together as often as they can.
Tell Tom that I'm not going to do that.
Tom took his glasses off.
Tom has been living here for a while.
Tom apparently hasn't yet told Mary what to do.
Tom couldn't have done that by himself.
Tom took his goggles off.
Tom has been there a couple of times.
Tom asked me for something I couldn't give him.
Tom didn't know Mary needed to do that.
Tom has been watching TV all evening.
Tom doesn't want Mary to go to Boston with him.
Tom didn't know Mary shouldn't do that.
Tom used Mary's computer.
Tom has made some terrible decisions.
Tom got out of the water and dried himself off.
Tom didn't realize Mary had to do that.
Tom wanted to start over.
Tom hasn't done anything all morning.
Tom had enough money to buy what he had to buy.
Tom didn't realize Mary should do that.
Tom was a little worried.
Tom hasn't seen Mary since Christmas.
Tom had enough time to do what he needed to do.
Tom didn't want to do that without you.
Tom went back to his car.
Tom hasn't visited us in a long time.
Tom had enough time to do what he wanted to do.
Tom has decided not to do that anymore.
Who did Tom ask for help?
Tom is going to like being in Boston.
Tom had no idea what Mary thought he should do.
Tom is going to start doing that today.
Who did Tom want to hire?
Tom is going to love being in Boston.
Tom had no idea where Mary had put the tickets.
Tom is the only one who didn't do that.
You should tell Tom that.
Tom is going to put his dog to sleep.
Tom has found an interesting way to make money.
Tom is too young to do that by himself.
You should've helped Tom.
Tom is happy because he's going home.
Tom has received a number of letters from Mary.
Tom is unlikely to know how to do that.
Are these Tom's suitcases?
Tom is in his room, changing clothes.
Tom heard loud noises coming from the basement.
Tom isn't going to ask Mary to do that.
Tom always tries his best.
Tom is likely to be busy after lunch.
Tom invited Mary to his place to watch a movie.
Tom isn't old enough to do that, is he?
Tom and Mary never argued.
Tom is moving in the right direction.
Tom is the one who makes coffee in the morning.
Tom knew Mary had to help John do that.
Tom and Mary were dancing.
Tom is never going to see Mary again.
Tom is the one who's been teaching Mary French.
Tom realized he didn't need to do that.
Tom bought what he needed.
Tom is responsible for what happened.
Tom is the person who fixes things around here.
Tom said he couldn't help Mary do that.
Tom bought what he wanted.
Tom is the one who grew this lettuce.
Tom knew that he was going to get into trouble.
Tom will never see Mary again.
Tom said he couldn't resist doing that.
Tom cried the entire time.
Tom isn't going to come live with us.
Tom knew there was nothing he could do to help.
Tom said he didn't know how to do that.
Tom didn't tell Mary that.
Tom isn't going to take tomorrow off.
Tom realized he had forgotten to lock the door.
Tom said he didn't remember doing that.
Tom fired his gun at Mary.
Tom isn't supposed to be here, is he?
Tom said he wanted to finish what he was doing.
Tom said he didn't see Mary doing that.
Tom fixed the car himself.
Tom just called me a few minutes ago.
Tom sat in the car, watching people walking by.
Tom said he was in no hurry to do that.
Tom gave me these tickets.
Tom just told me what I needed to do.
Tom should tell Mary why John doesn't like her.
Tom said he wouldn't help Mary do that.
Tom has scars on his arms.
Tom knew Mary was going to be hungry.
Tom should've told Mary about what he had done.
Tom said he'd never ever do that again.
Tom headed back to Boston.
Tom knew Mary was in serious trouble.
Tom should've told Mary what needed to be done.
Tom said he'd prefer that Mary do that.
Tom is a member of a gang.
Tom knew he didn't have enough money.
Tom still doesn't know who's going to be there.
Tom said he'd rather do that next week.
Tom is taking a huge risk.
Tom knew he didn't love Mary anymore.
Tom still hasn't done what he's supposed to do.
Tom said he'd rather not do that today.
Tom knows everyone's name.
Tom knew more than he was letting on.
Tom was reading a book the last time I saw him.
Tom says he isn't ready to do that yet.
Tom lives in a rural area.
Tom must've been mistaken about that.
Tom was the one who told Mary where John lived.
Tom says he needs to help Mary do that.
Tom must've been mistaken.
Tom never told me anything about you.
Tom wasn't able to help Mary with her homework.
Tom says he wants to help Mary do that.
Tom ought to go back home.
Tom played video games all afternoon.
Tom wouldn't like it if Mary tried to kiss him.
Tom says he's interested in doing that.
Tom put his boots back on.
Tom probably got home after midnight.
Too bad Tom wasn't there to show us what to do.
Tom should've told Mary not to do that.
Tom put his sunglasses on.
Tom proposed to Mary just last night.
What gives Tom the right to tell us what to do?
Tom still hopes he can do that someday.
Tom refused to believe it.
Tom realized he was no longer needed.
Where do you think Tom is going to be tomorrow?
Tom told Mary that he couldn't do that.
Tom saw something strange.
Tom realized there was only one exit.
How could Tom not know that was going to happen?
Tom tried to stop Mary from doing that.
Tom should be in his room.
Tom really should've eaten breakfast.
I don't know what part of Australia Tom is from.
Tom was the one who told me to do that.
Tom should tell Mary that.
Tom should've stayed and helped Mary.
I don't think Tom likes watching baseball on TV.
Tom will ask Mary to do that, won't he?
Tom should've helped Mary.
Tom should've stayed to protect Mary.
I hope Tom didn't do what we told him not to do.
Tom will be able to do that by himself.
Tom should've kissed Mary.
Tom thought that was going to happen.
I know that Tom wouldn't do something like that.
Tom will be able to do that on his own.
Tom took Mary to the park.
Tom told Mary about what he had done.
I think it was Tom who volunteered to help Mary.
Tom will do that the way I told him to.
Tom was definitely afraid.
Tom told Mary what needed to be done.
I thought that Tom might be in Boston this week.
Tom will know not to do that next time.
Tom was right behind Mary.
Tom was at the party for a long time.
I wonder how many people will be at Tom's party.
Tom will try to do that sometime today.
Tom was taking a big risk.
Tom was lying to Mary the whole time.
I'd like to know why Tom isn't going to help us.
Tom would cry if he saw you doing that.
Tom went back to his desk.
Tom was much more patient than I was.
I'd still like to know how Tom knew I'd be here.
What could've possessed Tom to do that?
Tom went back to the mall.
Tom was really hurt by what you said.
The only thing Tom ever gave me was an old book.
What makes you think Tom can't do that?
Tom wished he had parents.
Tom was scared and I was scared, too.
Tom agreed to meet Mary in front of the library.
What makes you think Tom could do that?
Tom's house was very nice.
Tom was sitting alone at the counter.
Tom and Mary didn't have anything to talk about.
What makes you think Tom won't do that?
You should be helping Tom.
Tom will never stop needing our help.
Tom and Mary spent hours discussing their plans.
What makes you think Tom would do that?
Can you take Tom to school?
Was Tom not supposed to tell me that?
Tom and Mary watched a romantic comedy together.
What's wrong with the way Tom did that?
Is Tom still eating dinner?
We didn't want Tom to go skin diving.
Tom bakes a couple of loaves of bread every day.
Who did Tom think was going to do that?
Tom drives a garbage truck.
What Tom did was extremely dangerous.
Tom broke up with Mary and started dating Alice.
Who does Tom think is going to do that?
Tom has made a good choice.
What was Tom doing yesterday morning?
Tom didn't know he no longer needed to be there.
Why couldn't Tom be the one to do that?
Tom is out walking his dog.
When does Tom expect us to get there?
Tom had a fairly good job until he got laid off.
Why don't you and Tom do that together?
Tom is trying not to smile.
When is Tom planning to go to Boston?
Tom has asked us to make sure we arrive on time.
Why would Tom insist that Mary do that?
Tom knew that Mary was mad.
When is Tom supposed to pay his rent?
Tom has read every book in his school's library.
Would you like Tom to do that with you?
Tom knew that would happen.
Where does Tom plan to go to college?
Tom heard a strange noise coming from the attic.
Did Tom really do that without any help?
Tom let me sit next to him.
Who did Tom give his old clarinet to?
Tom is a science teacher at a local high school.
Do you think Tom might enjoy doing that?
Tom lives in a remote area.
Aren't you and Tom about the same age?
Tom knew it was Mary who had taken his umbrella.
Have you ever asked Tom why he did that?
Tom put his gloves back on.
Don't you want to know how Tom did it?
Tom knew that something bad was about to happen.
I don't think Tom would help me do that.
Tom put his jacket back on.
Everybody assumed that Tom was guilty.
Tom realized he was no longer in love with Mary.
I don't think Tom would help us do that.
Tom should be helping Mary.
Everybody thought that Tom was guilty.
Tom realized there was nothing more he could do.
I don't think Tom would like to do that.
Tom stayed and helped Mary.
I don't know of any of Tom's teachers.
Tom really should be getting ready for his trip.
I don't think Tom would mind doing that.
Tom stayed to protect Mary.
I hope Tom did what we told him to do.
Tom thought Mary was no longer in love with him.
I think Tom has done that once or twice.
Tom still has things to do.
I hope Tom doesn't have to go to jail.
Tom took his coat off and hung it in the closet.
I think Tom is going to do that as well.
Tom wanted to hire us both.
I hope Tom spends a long time in jail.
Tom wanted to spend more time talking with Mary.
I thought that Tom was going to do that.
Tom wanted to leave Boston.
I think Tom is going to be here later.
Tom was already dead when the ambulance arrived.
I thought you knew Tom couldn't do that.
Tom was Mary's first crush.
I think Tom likes hanging out with us.
Tom was eating an apple the last time I saw him.
I told Tom that he shouldn't do that.
Tom was a member of a gang.
I thought I was going to see Tom here.
Tom will try to finish writing the report today.
I told Tom you wouldn't want to do that.
Tom was in bed all morning.
I thought that Tom might be in Boston.
What Tom told us the other day wasn't 100% true.
I was impressed Tom was able to do that.
Tom was mesmerized by Mary.
I was hoping Tom would ask me to sing.
What time did Tom say he wanted to take a break?
I wonder when Tom asked Mary to do that.
Tom was probably surprised.
I was in Boston when Tom was arrested.
When do you think Tom is going to want to leave?
I wonder why Tom didn't want to do that.
Tom was taking a huge risk.
It was a special day for Tom and Mary.
When was the last time Tom played golf with you?
I wonder why Tom told me not to do that.
Tom would've liked to come.
That's not what Tom is planning to do.
Who does Tom think is going to pay for all this?
I'd like to know why Tom didn't do that.
I should be helping Tom now.
The pain was too much for Tom to bear.
Do you think you could convince Tom to volunteer?
I'd still like to know how Tom did that.
I should've helped Tom more.
This is a picture of Tom and his wife.
I didn't know that Tom was in Boston last Monday.
I'm not going to do that with Tom today.
Tom and I were best friends.
Tom already knows what he needs to do.
I didn't realize that Tom wouldn't be here today.
I'm sure Tom won't want Mary to do that.
Tom can't remember his name.
Tom always has his harmonica with him.
I hope Tom didn't do what we asked him not to do.
Is Tom the one who asked you to do that?
Tom didn't like what he saw.
Tom and Mary went to a movie together.
I hope Tom didn't do what you told him not to do.
It's not a good idea to let Tom do that.
Tom doesn't have a good job.
Tom and Mary were the first ones here.
I think Tom would like to know what you're doing.
There's no chance that Tom will do that.
Tom had a problem at school.
Tom and Mary weren't completely alone.
I think Tom would rather be doing something else.
Tom and Mary wanted to do that together.
Tom had no idea what it was.
Tom and Mary weren't dancing together.
I told Tom that he should buy the cheaper one.
Tom apparently did that three weeks ago.
Tom has a knife in his hand.
Tom asked Mary to visit him in prison.
I wonder what inspired Tom to paint that picture?
Tom didn't realize he needed to do that.
Tom heard some dogs barking.
Tom bought this piece of land in 2013.
I'm pretty sure Tom has fallen in love with Mary.
Tom didn't realize he shouldn't do that.
Tom is probably dead by now.
Tom couldn't do anything to help Mary.
The only car Tom has ever driven is his father's.
Tom is going to have to do that himself.
Tom is scared to go outside.
Tom couldn't get the closet door open.
The only thing Tom ever gave me was this T-shirt.
Tom is going to see if Mary can do that.
Tom is still washing dishes.
Tom didn't believe anything Mary said.
There were a lot of things Tom said he had to do.
Tom is not the only one who can do that.
Tom is trying not to sneeze.
Tom didn't have any friends in Boston.
Tom and Mary first met at a restaurant in Boston.
Tom is old enough to do that by himself.
Tom is walking towards Mary.
Tom didn't know Mary had to help John.
Tom and Mary live in the same apartment building.
Tom is old enough to do that on his own.
Tom just told me what to do.
Tom didn't know he was being followed.
Tom apparently didn't do what we asked him to do.
Tom is very unlikely to stop doing that.
Tom left early this morning.
Tom didn't yet know what he had to do.
Tom asked Mary if she could give him a ride home.
Tom isn't going to do that until Monday.
Tom lied to protect himself.
Tom didn't yet know what he should do.
Tom didn't give his phone number to just anybody.
Tom isn't going to make Mary do that.
Tom put his clothes back on.
Tom gave the robbers what they wanted.
Tom didn't know he no longer needed to help Mary.
Tom isn't going to try to do that today.
Tom really should be in bed.
Tom got a babysitter for his children.
Tom drove all night while Mary slept next to him.
Tom isn't going to want Mary to do that.
Tom should be in Boston now.
Tom had no idea of what was happening.
Tom had enough money to buy everything he needed.
Tom isn't likely to know how to do that.
Tom talks to Mary every day.
Tom had no idea what he needed to buy.
Tom had enough money to buy everything he wanted.
Tom knew he no longer needed to do that.
Tom took his sunglasses off.
Tom has been working here for a while.
Tom had enough time to do what needed to be done.
Tom knows there's no way he can do that.
Tom wanted Mary to call him.
Tom has finally agreed to work for us.
Tom is going to love the present you got for him.
Tom said he needed to help Mary do that.
Tom was with me on that day.
Tom has read all three of these books.
Tom is going to see if Mary can help us tomorrow.
Tom said he wanted to help Mary do that.
Tom wasn't about to give up.
Tom has read every one of these books.
Tom is looking for a job in computer programming.
Tom said he wasn't ready to do that yet.
Who did Tom ask to help him?
Tom has to renew his driver's license.
Tom is making a lot of money in the stock market.
Tom said he'd never ask Mary to do that.
Who did Tom visit in Boston?
Tom is going to come back and help us.
Tom knew he shouldn't be doing what he was doing.
Tom said he'd rather do that by himself.
Could you take Tom to school?
Tom is going to come back to get Mary.
Tom knew more about what happened than he let on.
Tom should be doing that someplace else.
I hope Tom doesn't get fired.
Tom is sharing an apartment with John.
Tom knew that it was going to start raining soon.
Tom should be doing that somewhere else.
I won't go there without Tom.
Tom is still not very good at driving.
Tom knew that something good was about to happen.
Tom strongly advised against doing that.
I'll never forget Tom's eyes.
Tom is the one who feeds the chickens.
Tom knew that something was going to happen soon.
Tom told Mary that she couldn't do that.
No one can beat Tom at chess.
Tom is the youngest of three brothers.
Tom locked the car and put the key in his pocket.
Tom told Mary that she ought to do that.
These are Tom's, aren't they?
Tom isn't likely to be here very long.
Tom realized Mary was no longer in love with him.
Tom told Mary why she needed to do that.
Those are Tom's, aren't they?
Tom just got a text message from Mary.
Tom really should be getting ready for the party.
Tom wanted to stop Mary from doing that.
Tom and I were close friends.
Tom just kept doing what he was doing.
Tom really should've studied harder for the test.
Tom was the last one to stop doing that.
Tom and I were like brothers.
Tom just told me what he and Mary did.
Tom said he needed money to buy something to eat.
Tom will definitely never do that again.
Tom and Mary went to the zoo.
Tom knew Mary was going to be unhappy.
Tom said he was going to talk to Mary about that.
Tom will do that again, I'm pretty sure.
Tom and Mary were here first.
Tom knew Mary wasn't likely to say no.
Tom said that he didn't really like staying here.
Tom will find some other way to do that.
Tom did as he was instructed.
Tom knew that Mary wasn't from Boston.
Tom sat in on a park bench, feeding some pigeons.
Tom will get in trouble if he does that.
Tom didn't dare get involved.
Tom left a note on the table for Mary.
Tom sat in the car, looking at people walking by.
Tom will have to do that someplace else.
Tom gave Mary a little money.
Tom likes to spend his free time here.
Tom thought he had come up with the perfect plan.
Tom will have to do that somewhere else.
Tom had problems in school.
Tom never thought Mary would hurt him.
Tom took his helmet off and put it on the ground.
Tom will help Mary do that after supper.
Tom has been asked to resign.
Tom never thought Mary would kiss him.
Tom wanted the rest of the money that I owed him.
Tom will never be able to do that again.
Tom hitched a ride to Boston.
Tom probably forgot to tell Mary that.
Tom was a little worried about what might happen.
Tom will try to convince you to do that.
Tom is definitely in a hurry.
Tom probably got home before midnight.
Tom wasn't able to do everything he wanted to do.
Tom won't be able to do that by himself.
Tom is dressed appropriately.
Tom realized he was likely to be late.
Tom woke up a little eelier than he usually does.
Tom won't be able to do that on his own.
Tom is going to like it here.
Tom really should be in Boston by now.
Was Tom supposed to be at this morning's meeting?
Tom won't be allowed to do that anymore.
Tom is probably sleeping now.
Tom really should've helped Mary more.
What kind of things does Tom do in his free time?
We need to do that before Tom gets here.
Tom said he was starting to get tired.
When did you find out that Tom was still married?
What makes you think Tom has to do that?
Tom is still not ready to go.
Tom said he wasn't having a good time.
Where do you think Tom is going to go to college?
What would happen if Tom didn't do that?
Tom is the person to talk to.
Tom said some nasty things about Mary.
Don't you think what Tom suggested is a good idea?
What's wrong with the way Tom does that?
Tom just taught me that song.
Tom said some terrible things to Mary.
I can't believe I agreed to go to Boston with Tom.
Whatever you do, don't do that with Tom.
Tom just told me he loved me.
Tom should've laughed at Mary's jokes.
I hope Tom didn't do what Mary told him not to do.
When did Tom show you to how to do that?
Tom just told me what he did.
Tom soon realized there was a problem.
I hope Tom didn't do what you asked him not to do.
When did Tom tell you to how to do that?
Tom knew Mary was mad at him.
Tom still has to tell Mary what to do.
I think Tom has already done what he needed to do.
Who did Tom think would do that for him?
Tom knew he had to help Mary.
Tom thinks Mary will probably be late.
I think Tom isn't going to be busy this afternoon.
Who did Tom think would want to do that?
Tom knocked on Mary's window.
Tom took another look at the contract.
I think we should let Tom know that we'll be late.
Why don't Tom and I do that right now?
Tom made us all feel special.
Tom tried to finish what he was doing.
I thought I heard Tom was going to move to Boston.
Why should Tom insist that Mary do that?
Tom noticed Mary was missing.
Tom wanted to get rid of the evidence.
I thought you knew Tom was going to be busy today.
Why would Tom want to help Mary do that?
Tom realized he had to leave.
Tom wants to break up with me already.
I thought you knew Tom was going to be here today.
Will anyone care if Tom doesn't do that?
Tom said he enjoyed the view.
Tom was Mary's high school sweetheart.
I've done everything that Tom told me I had to do.
Would anyone care if Tom didn't do that?
Tom should've smiled at Mary.
Tom was lying to us about what he did.
I've done everything that Tom told me I should do.
Would you like me to ask Tom to do that?
Tom should've talked to Mary.
Tom was seen in the park that morning.
Mary is the only girl Tom is really interested in.
Did Tom really do that without your help?
Tom shouldn't come back here.
Tom was the first one to finish the test.
The flowers Mary got were from Tom, not from John.
Do you know what inspired Tom to do that?
Tom talked to Mary every day.
Tom was the one who planned the party.
The only person Tom ever wants to talk to is Mary.
Do you think Tom will do that by himself?
Tom walked his dog every day.
Tom will do whatever needs to be done.
The only thing Tom ever wanted to do was watch TV.
Do you think Tom will ever do that again?
Tom was lying the whole time.
What time does Tom get home from work?
The police handcuffed Tom's hands behind his back.
Have you ever asked Tom why he does that?
Tom was scared to go outside.
Where does Tom want to pitch the tent?
There were a lot of things Tom had to say to Mary.
I don't think Tom would enjoy doing that.
Tom was talking on the phone.
Who did Tom go mountain climbing with?
Tom and Mary lived in the same apartment building.
I think Tom has forgotten how to do that.
Tom went down the wrong path.
Who did Tom plan to go to Boston with?
Tom could still hear Mary crying in the next room.
I think Tom is going to do that tomorrow.
Tom wished he had more money.
Who did Tom want to go to Boston with?
Tom didn't seem to care that Mary didn't like him.
I think Tom isn't going to do that today.
I felt sorry for Tom's family.
Who did Tom want to take to the dance?
Tom found out that Mary wasn't really from Boston.
I think Tom may be able to do that today.
I really should tell Tom that.
You're supposed to be helping Tom now.
Tom had enough money to buy what he needed to buy.
I think Tom might not be able to do that.
I really should've helped Tom.
A neighbor said he heard Tom screaming.
Tom had enough money to buy what he wanted to buy.
I think it was Tom who wanted to do that.
I woke up just before Tom did.
Four surgeons worked on Tom's injuries.
Tom is the one to blame for what happened to Mary.
I think that's why Tom wanted to do that.
I'm still responsible for Tom.
I didn't realize how much Tom hated me.
Tom is waiting for Mary outside the movie theater.
I thought that Tom was likely to do that.
I've spoken to Tom about that.
I forgot to do what Tom asked me to do.
Tom is wearing the black coat he bought last week.
I told Tom you wouldn't enjoy doing that.
Please don't help Tom anymore.
I hope Tom did what we asked him to do.
Tom knew more about what happened than he told us.
I was hoping Tom would ask me to do that.
Tom and Mary went to the park.
I hope Tom did what you told him to do.
Tom probably didn't get home until after midnight.
I was waiting for Tom to help me do that.
Tom didn't like what Mary did.
I really should've given Tom more help.
Tom promised Mary he'd buy her a diamond necklace.
I wonder when Tom is planning to do that.
Tom gave Mary some more money.
I really should've given Tom more time.
Tom said he saw Mary spanking one of her children.
I wonder when Tom learned how to do that.
Tom gave Mary what she wanted.
I think Tom didn't tell Mary the truth.
Tom said some things about Mary that weren't true.
I wonder when Tom wanted Mary to do that.
Tom has headed back to Boston.
I think Tom has never done this before.
Tom sent Mary to the supermarket to buy some milk.
I wonder why Tom was planning to do that.
Tom has just proposed to Mary.
I think it was Tom who locked the door.
Tom stole the cash that was in Mary's desk drawer.
I'll ask Tom to make sure Mary does that.
Tom has made the right choice.
I think we should tell Tom we love him.
Tom tried to reach the top shelf, but he couldn't.
I'll ask Tom to show Mary how to do that.
Tom heard some strange noises.
I thought that Tom was still in school.
Tom will probably be very tired when he gets home.
I'm sure Tom won't want to do that today.
Tom is definitely from Boston.
I thought that Tom was studying French.
Tom woke up a little earlier than he usually does.
I'm the one who convinced Tom to do that.
Tom is probably asleep by now.
I was hoping Tom wouldn't buy that car.
What makes you think Tom has never been to Boston?
If Tom does that, it'll be a big mistake.
Tom is sitting at the counter.
I was hoping Tom wouldn't go to Boston.
What makes you think Tom would want to go with us?
If anyone could do that, it would be Tom.
Tom just told me what that is.
I'd rather sing with you than with Tom.
When did Tom tell you that you needed to be there?
Tell Tom that I'm going to do that today.
Tom kept looking back at Mary.
I'm glad you and Tom got back together.
When was the last time Tom helped you do anything?
Tom and Mary will be doing that together.
Tom knew how to talk to women.
Is it true that Tom's father is famous?
Who did Tom think would want to go there with him?
Tom couldn't have done that without help.
Tom made me feel very special.
Is there anything else Tom needs to do?
I don't think Tom would ever let me read his diary.
Tom didn't have enough energy to do that.
Tom noticed Mary wasn't there.
No one knows exactly where Tom is from.
I hope Tom didn't do what Mary asked him not to do.
Tom is going to be mad if Mary does that.
Tom said he wanted a good job.
That's exactly what Tom ended up doing.
I think I shouldn't have given Tom my phone number.
Tom is probably not doing that correctly.
Tom said he was getting tired.
That's not what Tom was planning to do.
I think Tom is a lot better chess player than Mary.
Tom is still not very good at doing that.
Tom should've eaten breakfast.
There are a lot of things Tom won't do.
I think Tom is going to be busy tomorrow afternoon.
Tom is the only one here who can do that.
Tom still has to talk to Mary.
This is the last letter I got from Tom.
I think Tom is going to be tired when he gets home.
Tom is the only one who wants to do that.
Tom thought that would happen.
This is the last letter Tom ever wrote.
I think it's too early in the morning to visit Tom.
Tom is unlikely to forget how to do that.
Tom threw the gun in the well.
Tom and Mary didn't look at each other.
I thought I was going to be invited to Tom's party.
Tom is unlikely to want to do that again.
Tom was crying the whole time.
Tom and Mary frequently study together.
Is Tom still interested in going to Boston with us?
Tom is very good at doing that, isn't he?
Tom was definitely in a hurry.
Tom and Mary go to church every Sunday.
The only country Tom has ever gone to is Australia.
Tom is very unlikely to start doing that.
Tom was dressed appropriately.
Tom and Mary have a son and a daughter.
There were a lot of things Tom wasn't honest about.
Tom isn't expecting me to do that, is he?
Tom was kicked out of the bar.
Tom and Mary played tennis all morning.
There's been a lot of tension between Tom and Mary.
Tom isn't going to allow Mary to do that.
Why does Tom keep lying to us?
Tom and Mary used to ignore each other.
Tom and Mary are planning to go to Boston together.
Tom isn't going to force Mary to do that.
Why don't you sit next to Tom?
Tom and Mary went to the mall together.
Tom and Mary were dancing, but not with each other.
Tom isn't likely to allow you to do that.
A neighbor heard Tom screaming.
Tom and Mary went to the park together.
Tom asked me where I was planning to go to college.
Tom isn't planning to do that by himself.
I hope Tom doesn't get injured.
Tom and Mary were talking about Boston.
Tom didn't have enough money to buy what he wanted.
Tom isn't supposed to do that by himself.
I really should be helping Tom.
Tom asked Mary to give him a ride home.
Tom doesn't have enough money to buy what he wants.
Tom knows he shouldn't be doing that now.
I thought that Tom wasn't busy.
Tom didn't allow Mary to drive his car.
Tom had a crush on Mary when he was in high school.
Tom made me swear never to do that again.
I was waiting for Tom to leave.
Tom didn't know who Mary's husband was.
Tom has asked us to make sure we get there on time.
Tom realized he had to help Mary do that.
I'm glad you and Tom get along.
Tom didn't realize he had to help Mary.
Tom has been mowing our lawn for a couple of years.
Tom really should've helped Mary do that.
I'm waiting for Tom to help me.
Tom doesn't know what he's going to do.
Tom heard a strange sound coming from the basement.
Tom said he'd be glad to do that for you.
Is it true that Tom is in jail?
Tom dropped his daughter off at school.
Tom heard strange noises coming from the next room.
Tom said he'd never allow you to do that.
The police searched Tom's room.
Tom ended up not getting paid anything.
Tom knew that the gun Mary was holding wasn't real.
Tom said he'd never tell Mary to do that.
Tom and John are like brothers.
Tom gave the robbers everything he had.
Tom met Mary and her friends for drinks after work.
Tom said he'd never try to do that alone.
Tom and Mary texted each other.
Tom had no idea that he was being rude.
Tom noticed Mary didn't seem to be having much fun.
Tom said he'd prefer not to do that here.
Tom did something quite stupid.
Tom had no idea what needed to be done.
Tom said he felt uncomfortable and wanted to leave.
Tom said he'd rather not do that anymore.
Tom didn't apologize in French.
Tom had to get out of there in a hurry.
Tom said he was able to do everything he had to do.
Tom suggested that I not do that anymore.
Tom didn't have Mary's address.
Tom has been a teacher for three years.
If Tom didn't come here by bus, how did he get here?
Tom told Mary that she needed to do that.
Tom didn't know Mary's address.
Tom hasn't done what he was told to do.
There were a lot of things Tom didn't tell us about.
Tom tried to do that yesterday afternoon.
Tom didn't notice Mary leaving.
Tom hasn't done what we told him to do.
There were a lot of things Tom said he needed to do.
Tom will definitely try doing that today.
Tom heard a loud noise outside.
Tom hasn't finished writing the report.
Tom and Mary held hands as they walked on the beach.
Tom will do that if you ask him politely.
Tom is more like you than John.
Tom heard a car pull into his driveway.
Tom decided that he didn't really like staying here.
Tom will do that if you pay him to do it.
Tom is reading a mystery novel.
Tom hired Mary to babysit his children.
Tom didn't have a good job until he moved to Boston.
Tom will do that the way you told him to.
Tom is the more assertive twin.
Tom is likely to be here all afternoon.
Tom didn't have enough time to do what he had to do.
Tom will do that, but probably not today.
Tom knew Mary had to help John.
Tom is on the balcony, talking to Mary.
Tom has been stealing money from his mother's purse.
Tom will eventually learn how to do that.
Tom knows how to talk to women.
Tom is still not very good at swimming.
Tom knew Mary shouldn't be doing what she was doing.
Tom will get fired if he doesn't do that.
Tom lied to protect his family.
Tom is trying to make some new friends.
Tom knew there was nothing he could do to help Mary.
Tom will likely find some way to do that.
Tom put his sunglasses back on.
Tom knew Mary didn't have enough money.
Tom noticed Mary didn't seem to be enjoying herself.
Tom will never forgive me for doing that.
Tom realized Mary had to leave.
Tom knew Mary was going to be arrested.
Tom said he hoped he never had to go back to Boston.
Tom will try to convince Mary to do that.
Tom said goodbye and went home.
Tom knew Mary wasn't likely to be late.
I'm afraid Tom might not do what he's supposed to do.
Tom will try to persuade Mary to do that.
Tom said he didn't feel hungry.
Tom knew Mary wasn't likely to say yes.
I'm pretty sure Tom has been to Boston several times.
Tom wishes he never had to do that again.
Tom said he didn't want to die.
Tom knew Mary wasn't really a Canadian.
The only job Tom has ever had is the one he has now.
Too bad Tom wasn't here to do that today.
Tom said he was getting drowsy.
Tom knew that Mary wasn't really angry.
The only person Tom says he wants to talk to is Mary.
Unfortunately, Tom can't do that for you.
Tom said he was getting hungry.
Tom knew that he was going to be fired.
Tom doesn't know what part of Australia Mary is from.
Was Tom able to do that without any help?
Tom said he was getting sleepy.
Tom opened the door to let his dog out.
Tom ended up getting paid much less than he expected.
What makes you think Tom doesn't do that?
Tom should've been more polite.
Tom says he isn't ready to go home yet.
Tom ended up not getting paid as much as he expected.
Would you like Tom to do that by himself?
Tom should've helped Mary more.
Tom seldom goes to bed before midnight.
Tom had enough money to buy everything he had to buy.
Would you please show Tom how to do that?
Tom still hasn't paid his rent.
Tom should tell Mary what he has to do.
Tom has a small antique shop right next to his house.
Would you please tell Tom how to do that?
Tom threw the gun in the river.
Tom should've eaten more for breakfast.
Tom is looking forward to spending the day with Mary.
You need to do that before Tom gets here.
Tom told Mary what he had done.
Tom sleeps with a gun under his pillow.
Tom is the French teacher at the school Mary goes to.
You really should be helping Tom do that.
Tom was crying the entire time.
Tom still has some unfinished business.
Tom needs to find a job so he can support his family.
Do you think Tom would care if I did that?
Tom was expecting Mary to come.
Tom still hasn't finished his homework.
Tom ran away from the orphanage when he was thirteen.
I don't think Tom will ever do that again.
Tom was sitting at the counter.
Tom talks to Mary just about every day.
Tom realized he shouldn't be doing what he was doing.
I don't think Tom would help Mary do that.
Tom was starting to feel dizzy.
Tom thought something bad might happen.
Tom says he can't remember his French teacher's name.
I know Tom didn't really enjoy doing that.
Tom was starting to feel tired.
Tom thought something bad would happen.
Tom soon realized he wasn't going to be able to help.
I think Tom doesn't want to do that today.
Tom was very helpful yesterday.
Tom wanted to finish what he was doing.
Tom soon realized there was someone else in the room.
I think Tom may be able to do that for us.
Tom was with me the whole time.
Tom and Mary wanted to spend Valentine's Day together.
I think Tom really would enjoy doing that.
Tom wished he had a girlfriend.
Tom was the one who designed our house.
Tom didn't have enough time to do what had to be done.
I thought that Tom was already doing that.
Tom wished he had more friends.
Tom was the one who set all of this up.
Tom has to finish what he's doing before he can leave.
I tried really hard to get Tom to do that.
When is Tom going to come over?
Tom was the one who told me about that.
Tom really should've told Mary what needed to be done.
I was hoping Tom wouldn't want to do that.
Everybody had problems with Tom.
Tom wasn't able to apologize in French.
Tom said he was able to do everything he needed to do.
I wonder when Tom was planning to do that.
Everybody has problems with Tom.
Tom will do whatever you ask him to do.
Tom said he was able to do everything he wanted to do.
I wonder where Tom is planning to do that.
I don't think Tom is happy here.
Tom will try to find out why Mary left.
Tom said that he didn't really like working in Boston.
I wonder why Tom doesn't enjoy doing that.
I hope Tom doesn't get arrested.
Tom wished Mary would smile more often.
Tom and Mary held hands as they walked along the river.
I wonder why Tom thought I should do that.
I should've given Tom more help.
Tom would do anything to get Mary back.
Tom didn't have enough money to buy what he had to buy.
I wonder why Tom told me I had to do that.
I should've given Tom more time.
Was I not supposed to give that to Tom?
Tom didn't have enough time to do what he needed to do.
I'd like to know why Tom isn't doing that.
I'd like to go to Tom's concert.
What makes you think Tom is not guilty?
Tom didn't have enough time to do what he wanted to do.
I'd rather do that with you than with Tom.
The only girl Tom likes is Mary.
What time did Tom say he wanted to eat?
Tom knew that the gun Mary had in her hand wasn't real.
Tom already knows what Mary did.
When was the first time Tom kissed you?
Tom sat on a park bench, watching people walking by.
I'm sure Tom will soon be able to do that.
Tom already knows what he'll do.
Where does Tom plan to build his house?
Tom says that I don't spend enough time with my family.
I'm sure Tom wouldn't allow me to do that.
Tom bought everything he needed.
Who does Tom want to go to Boston with?
I'm pretty sure that Tom and Mary don't know each other.
If anybody could do that, it would be Tom.
Tom bought everything he wanted.
Who told Tom that he could leave early?
Tom broke up with Mary and started going out with Alice.
Please ask Tom to show you how to do that.
Tom did something pretty stupid.
Don't you want to know what Tom told me?
Tom didn't know he shouldn't be doing what he was doing.
Tell Tom that I'm not planning to do that.
Tom did something really stupid.
Everybody assumed that Tom was Canadian.
Tom had enough money to buy everything he needed to buy.
Tom already knows why Mary didn't do that.
Tom didn't buy everything he needed.
Have you ever heard Tom play the guitar?
Tom had enough money to buy everything he wanted to buy.
Tom claims he wasn't the one who did that.
Tom didn't buy everything he wanted.
How long does Tom expect us to be there?
Tom realized Mary shouldn't be doing what she was doing.
Tom didn't have the permission to do that.
Tom didn't want to leave Boston.
How long does Tom expect us to help him?
Tom realized there was nothing he could do to help Mary.
Tom didn't realize Mary needed to do that.
Tom disappeared on October 20th.
I don't think Tom is going to get fired.
Tom soon realized there was nothing he could do to help.
Tom didn't realize Mary shouldn't do that.
Tom gave the police a fake name.
I hope Tom did what Mary told him to do.
I know Tom probably didn't do what he was supposed to do.
Tom finished doing that about an hour ago.
Tom has been in bed all morning.
I hope Tom did what you asked him to do.
I was afraid Tom might not do what he was supposed to do.
Tom has decided not to do that ever again.
Tom hasn't finished high school.
I hope Tom doesn't have to go to prison.
The police searched Tom's room, but didn't find anything.
Tom has decided to never to do that again.
Tom heard Mary yelling his name.
I hope Tom spends a long time in prison.
Tom and Mary wanted to take a walk on the beach together.
Tom has finally agreed to help us do that.
Tom hid the knife under his bed.
I really should've given Tom more money.
Tom decided that he didn't really like working in Boston.
Tom informed Mary that she had to do that.
Tom is going to like being here.
I think Tom knows what needs to be done.
Tom didn't have enough money to buy everything he wanted.
Tom informed Mary that she should do that.
Tom is going to like this place.
I think that didn't surprise Tom at all.
Tom didn't realize Mary was going to have to leave early.
Tom is a lot better at doing that than me.
Tom is going to love being here.
I think we're all upset by what Tom did.
Tom had enough time to do everything that had to be done.
Tom is going to do that tomorrow, I think.
Tom is going to love this place.
I thought Tom was going to like it here.
Tom is still doing the same thing he was doing yesterday.
Tom is the only one who wanted to do that.
Tom is still not ready to leave.
I thought Tom was going to talk to Mary.
Tom returned to the living room with a smile on his face.
Tom isn't doing that the way I showed him.
Tom isn't dressed appropriately.
I thought that Tom was going to be here.
Tom said he was able to do everything he'd planned to do.
Tom isn't going to start doing that today.
Tom isn't going to like it here.
I thought you knew Tom didn't like Mary.
Tom told me that I should spend more time with my family.
Tom isn't likely to forget how to do that.
Tom never told me what happened.
I'm going to take Tom to Boston with me.
I just wanted to tell Tom how much I appreciated his help.
Tom isn't likely to want to do that again.
Tom pawned his mother's jewelry.
I'm sure Tom won't want anything to eat.
Tom and Mary spent hours talking about their future plans.
Tom isn't suggesting Mary did that, is he?
Tom proposed to Mary last night.
Please don't help Tom with his homework.
Tom didn't have enough money to buy what he needed to buy.
Tom knew Mary no longer needed to do that.
Tom said he felt bad about that.
That's the first car Tom has ever owned.
Tom didn't have enough money to buy what he wanted to buy.
Tom really should be doing that right now.
Tom said he wanted a better job.
The police have no evidence against Tom.
Tom pawned the pocket watch his grandfather had given him.
Tom really should be helping Mary do that.
Tom saw Mary before she saw him.
There are a lot of things Tom won't eat.
Tom said he needed money so he could buy something to eat.
Tom said he'd be interested in doing that.
Tom shot the burglar in the leg.
This is a picture of Tom and his family.
Tom says he remembers absolutely nothing about that night.
Tom said he'd never allow Mary to do that.
Tom should be in Boston by 2:30.
Tom already knows what Mary plans to do.
Tom told me that I don't spend enough time with my family.
Tom said he'd prefer not to do that today.
Tom should tell Mary what to do.
Tom already knows what Mary wants to do.
Tom didn't know Mary shouldn't be doing what she was doing.
Tom said he'd try doing that this weekend.
Tom should've been more patient.
Tom already knows what he's going to do.
Tom didn't realize he shouldn't be doing what he was doing.
Tom thought Mary was the one who did that.
Tom still has many things to do.
Tom already knows what needs to be done.
Tom has gotten sick three times since he's moved to Boston.
Tom thought that he might be able do that.
Tom still hasn't talked to Mary.
Tom always carries a harmonica with him.
Tom knew he barely had enough time to do what he had to do.
Tom told me that I didn't have to do that.
Tom told Mary what he had to do.
Tom and Mary are perfect for each other.
Tom knew he didn't have enough money to buy what he needed.
Tom told me that I didn't need to do that.
Tom wanted to go back to school.
Tom and Mary didn't speak to each other.
Tom knew he didn't have enough money to buy what he wanted.
Tom wanted to do that as soon as possible.
Tom was kicked out of the party.
Tom and Mary never argue about anything.
Tom probably knows more about the incident than he told us.
Tom was the first one to say he'd do that.
Tom was lying to you about that.
Tom and Mary often go shopping together.
The only song Tom has ever written was the one he just sang.
Tom was scared to go by himself.
Tom and Mary spent the day at the beach.
Tom and Mary spent the evening talking about their children.
Tom will do that the same way we did that.
Tom was starting to feel guilty.
Tom and Mary tried to ignore each other.
Tom and Mary want to spend the rest of their lives together.
Tom will have to find some way to do that.
Tom was starting to feel hungry.
Tom apparently hasn't paid his rent yet.
Tom had enough time to do everything that needed to be done.
Tom will never allow you to do that again.
Tom was starting to feel sleepy.
Tom asked Mary to let him drive her car.
Tom laughed at Mary's jokes, even though they weren't funny.
Tom will very unlikely ever do that again.
Tom was with me the entire time.
Tom carries a gun with him all the time.
Tom and Mary wanted to spend Valentine's Day with each other.
Tom would be disappointed if you did that.
Tom will eventually be arrested.
Tom carries a gun with him at all times.
Tom didn't have enough money to buy everything he had to buy.
What makes you think Tom couldn't do that?
Tom won't let you guys help him.
Tom didn't think Mary would talk to him.
Tom knew he barely had enough time to do what had to be done.
What makes you think Tom needs to do that?
What Tom did was very dangerous.
Tom doesn't like reading romance novels.
Tom and Mary were talking about John and Alice's relationship.
What makes you think Tom wants to do that?
What did Tom do over the summer?
Tom doesn't sound like a native speaker.
Tom didn't realize Mary shouldn't be doing what she was doing.
What makes you think Tom wouldn't do that?
What time did Tom want to leave?
Tom drives a truck for a moving company.
Tom knew Mary didn't have enough money to buy what she wanted.
Whatever you do, don't ask Tom to do that.
What was Tom doing at that time?
Tom forgot his driver's license at home.
Tom knew he barely had enough money to buy what he had to buy.
When do you think Tom is going to do that?
When is Tom supposed to be here?
Tom has been involved in a bad accident.
Tom knew he barely had enough time to do what he needed to do.
When does Tom want me to help him do that?
When would Tom like to go there?
Tom has been living with us for a while.
Tom knew he barely had enough time to do what he wanted to do.
Why would Tom ask Mary to do that for him?
Who does Tom think will help us?
Tom has decided not to become a teacher.
Tom knew he didn't have enough time to do what had to be done.
Why would you do that without telling Tom?
Will Tom be here this afternoon?
Tom has found an easy way to make money.
Tom asked Mary to lend him some money so he could go to Boston.
Would you please teach Tom how to do that?
Would Tom have done it that way?
Tom hired a babysitter for his children.
Tom pawned the pocket watch he had gotten from his grandfather.
Would you tell Tom why you didn't do that?
You really should tell Tom that.
Tom is a teacher at a local high school.
Tom realized he barely had enough time to do what he had to do.
Do you think Tom would care if we did that?
You really should've helped Tom.
Tom is holding a knife in his left hand.
Tom realized he didn't have enough money to buy what he needed.
I don't think Tom is old enough to do that.
Do you think we'll ever find Tom?
Tom is preparing for an important event.
Tom realized he didn't have enough money to buy what he wanted.
I doubt if Tom would be willing to do that.
Everybody had a problem with Tom.
Tom is the French teacher at our school.
I don't know where Tom is planning to spend his summer vacation.
I know Tom doesn't really enjoy doing that.
Everybody has a problem with Tom.
Tom is the person to talk to about that.
Tom didn't have enough money to buy everything he needed to buy.
I really should've told Tom not to do that.
Everyone comes to Tom for advice.
Tom is very likely to be arrested today.
Tom didn't have enough money to buy everything he wanted to buy.
I should've told Tom why he had to do that.
I don't remember where Tom lives.
Tom isn't likely to be busy after lunch.
Tom gave Mary everything he had, but she still wasn't satisfied.
I think Tom didn't really enjoy doing that.
I don't think Tom enjoys bowling.
Tom isn't very good at playing baseball.
Tom knew he barely had enough time to do what needed to be done.
I think Tom isn't going to do that, either.
I don't think Tom likes baseball.
Tom just told me he was getting married.
Tom didn't have enough time to do everything that had to be done.
I thought I heard Tom was going to do that.
I don't think Tom likes swimming.
Tom just told me what needed to be done.
Tom has been babysitting our children whenever we're out of town.
I thought that Tom was planning to do that.
I haven't seen Tom since October.
Tom knew that Mary wasn't really scared.
Tom knew he barely had enough money to buy what he needed to buy.
I thought that Tom wasn't going to do that.
I should've given Tom more money.
Tom knew that he was in serious trouble.
Tom knew he barely had enough money to buy what he wanted to buy.
I was the one who convinced Tom to do that.
I think I know what Tom would do.
Tom must've forgotten to tell Mary that.
Tom knew he didn't have enough money to buy everything he needed.
I wonder why Tom thought we should do that.
I think Tom looks like a teacher.
Tom put the stolen money in his gym bag.
Tom knew he didn't have enough money to buy everything he wanted.
I wonder why Tom told me we had to do that.
I think it was Tom who said that.
Tom realized there was a lot left to do.
Tom knew he didn't have enough time to do what needed to be done.
If Tom doesn't want me to do that, I won't.
I think it was Tom who told Mary.
Tom said he wasn't ready to go home yet.
Tom realized he barely had enough time to do what had to be done.
There's only one way Tom will ever do that.
I thought that Tom might be busy.
Tom should tell Mary what she has to do.
Tom didn't know he didn't have enough money to buy what he needed.
Tom already knows that Mary didn't do that.
I thought that Tom might be sick.
Tom should've been a little more polite.
Tom didn't know he didn't have enough money to buy what he wanted.
Tom already knows that Mary has to do that.
I thought that Tom wasn't guilty.
Tom should've told Mary why he was late.
Tom helped Mary get into to the car and drove her to the hospital.
Tom didn't have enough strength to do that.
I used to think Tom was handsome.
Tom should've told me about that sooner.
Tom realized he barely had enough money to buy what he had to buy.
Tom didn't think Mary would really do that.
I was waiting for Tom to help me.
Tom still hasn't paid last month's rent.
Tom realized he barely had enough time to do what he needed to do.
Tom informed Mary that he couldn't do that.
I'd like to know where Tom lives.
Tom still needs to tell Mary what to do.
Tom realized he barely had enough time to do what he wanted to do.
Tom is better able to do that than Mary is.
I'm sure Tom will recognize Mary.
Tom talked to Mary just about every day.
Tom realized he didn't have enough time to do what had to be done.
Tom is going to be angry if Mary does that.
Is it true that Tom is in prison?
Tom thought Mary's plan was pretty good.
Tom fell in love with Mary and they got married three months later.
Tom is going to be upset if Mary does that.
That's not what Tom wanted to do.
Tom told Mary why John doesn't like her.
Tom knew Mary didn't have enough money to buy everything she wanted.
Tom is going to have to do that by himself.
The police are searching for Tom.
Tom usually sleeps with his window open.
Tom knew he barely had enough money to buy everything he had to buy.
Tom is never going to learn how to do that.
The police searched Tom's locker.
Tom usually sleeps with the window open.
Tom realized he barely had enough time to do what needed to be done.
Tom isn't actually going to do that, is he?
Tom and Mary are always together.
Tom was at the party until the very end.
Tom shared an apartment with John in Boston when they were students.
Tom isn't going to have to do that himself.
Tom and Mary both know the truth.
Tom was the one who organized the party.
Tom didn't know he didn't have enough time to do what had to be done.
Tom isn't old enough to do that by himself.
Tom arrived thirty minutes early.
Tom was the one who taught me that song.
Tom realized he barely had enough money to buy what he needed to buy.
Tom isn't old enough to do that on his own.
Tom asked me if I heard anything.
Tom was trying to figure out what to do.
Tom realized he barely had enough money to buy what he wanted to buy.
Tom isn't supposed to be doing that, is he?
Tom bought this property in 2013.
Tom will do whatever you tell him to do.
Tom realized he didn't have enough money to buy everything he needed.
Tom knew he didn't have to do that anymore.
Tom called Mary some nasty names.
Tom wished he could go outside and play.
Tom realized he didn't have enough money to buy everything he wanted.
Tom knew there was no way he could do that.
Tom can't even remember his name.
Tom's sunglasses are still on the table.
Tom realized he didn't have enough time to do what needed to be done.
Tom needs to do that before Mary gets here.
Tom couldn't apologize in French.
Tom's teacher says he's a model student.
Tom should've laughed at Mary's jokes, even though they weren't funny.
Tom realized Mary had to help John do that.
Tom couldn't get the drawer open.
We have to tell Tom about what happened.
The only concert Tom has ever gone to was the one Mary gave last night.
Tom said he'd never try to do that at home.
Tom couldn't get the window open.
What makes you think Tom won't be there?
Tom found out that Mary wasn't doing what she was supposed to be doing.
Tom said he'd rather not do that right now.
Tom couldn't take his gloves off.
When Tom told that joke, nobody laughed.
Tom knew he barely had enough money to buy everything he needed to buy.
Tom says he's always dreamed of doing that.
Tom didn't ask Mary for anything.
Where do you think Tom is going to live?
Tom knew he barely had enough money to buy everything he wanted to buy.
Tom says he's not interested in doing that.
Tom didn't know Mary was unhappy.
Where does Tom want to hang the picture?
Tom didn't know he didn't have enough money to buy everything he needed.
Tom seemed to be in a big hurry to do that.
Tom didn't know how to help Mary.
Who did Tom think was going to meet him?
Tom didn't know he didn't have enough money to buy everything he wanted.
Tom was expecting Mary to help him do that.
Tom didn't let Mary in the house.
Who does Tom think is going to be there?
Tom didn't know he didn't have enough time to do what needed to be done.
Tom was the one who told me how to do that.
Tom didn't tell me what happened.
Who does Tom think is going to help him?
Tom knew he barely had enough time to do everything that had to be done.
Tom will do that only if Mary tells him to.
Tom doesn't know everyone's name.
Why would Tom ever want to go to Boston?
Tom realized he barely had enough money to buy everything he had to buy.
Tom will never allow Mary to do that again.
Tom doesn't know much about Mary.
How could Tom not know what was going on?
Tom knew he barely had enough time to do everything that needed to be done.
Tom will never forgive Mary for doing that.
Tom forgot all about the meeting.
I don't think Tom would like living here.
Tom realized he barely had enough money to buy everything he needed to buy.
Tom will probably find some way to do that.
Tom gave Mary a birthday present.
I don't think Tom would mind helping you.
Tom realized he barely had enough money to buy everything he wanted to buy.
Tom will probably get hurt if he does that.
Tom had a bad feeling about that.
I don't think that what Tom said is true.
Tom knew he didn't have enough time to do everything that needed to be done.
Tom will try to find out why Mary did that.
Tom has been complaining of pain.
I hope Tom did what Mary asked him to do.
Tom put the stolen money in a shoe box and hid it in the back of his closet.
Was it really necessary for Tom to do that?
Tom has been in his room all day.
I think Tom isn't going to be here today.
Tom realized he barely had enough time to do everything that had to be done.
What makes you think Tom enjoys doing that?
Tom has been studying journalism.
I thought that Tom might be angry at you.
Tom realized he barely had enough time to do everything that needed to be done.
What time did Tom say he wanted to do that?
Tom has finally found a good job.
I thought that was what Tom wanted to do.
Tom realized he didn't have enough time to do everything that needed to be done.
What would you think if Tom didn't do that?
Tom has his work cut out for him.
I'm pretty sure Tom has been here before.
Tom didn't know he didn't have enough time to do everything that needed to be done.
Where do you think Tom is going to do that?
Tom has just escaped from prison.
I've just been on the phone with the Tom.
Tom and Mary spent three hours together last night working on their science project.
Why does Tom want to waste time doing that?
Tom has read both of these books.
The only thing Tom ever did was watch TV.
Why in the world would Tom want to do that?
Tom is an overprotective brother.
The only thing Tom ever does is complain.
Why should Tom ask Mary to do that for him?
Tom is considered a good teacher.
This is the place where Tom usually eats.
Why would Tom need Mary to do that for him?
Tom is getting weaker and weaker.
Tom and Mary are dancing with each other.
Would you tell Tom why Mary didn't do that?
Tom is living from hand to mouth.
Tom and Mary sat together at the counter.
Do you think Tom will be allowed to do that?
Tom is looking for his cellphone.
Tom burned everything Mary had given him.
Do you think Tom will be doing that all day?
Tom is reading a detective novel.
Tom called Mary at 2:in the afternoon.
Haven't you asked Tom why he didn't do that?
Tom is the one who mows the lawn.
Tom could hear Mary talking on her phone.
I didn't know that Tom was going to do that.
Tom is unlikely to be here today.
Tom did something that he shouldn't have.
I don't know if Tom wants to do that or not.
Tom isn't as fast as he once was.
Tom didn't give the police his real name.
I don't think Tom could get Mary to do that.
Tom isn't easy to get along with.
Tom didn't know Mary was waiting for him.
I don't think Tom has ever done that before.
Tom jumped out of the moving car.
Tom didn't know he was likely to be late.
