I'm pretty sure Tom won't do that.
It's wrong to trick people like that.
Tom slept without a pillow.
They'll need help.
Tom has decided to stay in Boston.
It doesn't get much better than that.
Tom listened to Mary's story.
They're all right.
Tom is just pretending to be sick.
I thought you lived with your family.
The details of the project have not been clear for the last two months.
As of now, I refuse to get involved with any sort of drama. It's very childish and annoying to say the least.
Don't worry too much. Everything is fine.
This cheesecake was too sweet.
Pretty!
We are different people.
Our mothers are strong women.
The train departed on time.
Don't feed the dog!
I can't even imagine what I would do without you.
You're not going to faint, are you?
Tom moved away from the ledge.
The hedgehog rolled up into a ball.
I won't tell anyone. I promise.
Tom put some lingonberry jam on his meatballs.
We ate some Swedish meatballs with gravy, potatoes, and lingonberry jam.
Tom and Mary ate gravlax.
Lingonberries are abundant in the forests of Sweden.
We talked about music.
You're too smart for your own good.
This is what my mother used to say.
I had a crush on him at the time.
I had a crush on her at the time.
Tom is a pretty laid back guy.
Tom was the first to arrive and the last to leave.
We happily accept your proposal.
The pizza tasted good.
It's easy for you to say that.
What are you two conspiring about?
What were you two conspiring about?
How do I know if he likes me?
How do I know if she likes me?
Would you guys just shut up already?
Won't you two just shut up already?
Your innocent look doesn't fool me.
Your innocent act doesn't fool me.
Don't try to play innocent.
This is my final offer. Take it or leave it.
I wasn't expecting anyone.
But after this, everything turned out well.
But it's not fair!
Would you like soup or salad as a side dish?
Tom ran as fast as his legs would take him.
You worry too much about what other people will think of you.
That's not an opinion. It's a fact.
He was struck by her beauty.
Please don't hurt him.
Can you do a handstand?
Tom can do a handstand.
I feel like I was born in the wrong time.
I feel like I was born in the wrong time period.
I feel like I was born in the wrong era.
Only God is infallible.
Baby poo doesn't smell bad when they are breastfeeding.
He expected to fail the exam.
Tom complained that a light-fingered pilferer who'd briefly brushed against him at the crowded train station had carried off his wallet.
The landlady had told Tom: “You'd look better with a fedora hat — a light-grey felted wool one, I think. You're tall, and you could carry it off."
It was a huge party they threw, but the host and hostess carried off the event to perfection.
One day, as he was hunting deer in the forest, the prince came upon a maiden bathing in a clear pool.
The prince went to the forest to hunt and happened on a fair maiden bathing in a spring.
Once upon a time there dwelt in the land of Erin a young man who was seeking a wife, and of all the maidens round about none pleased him as well as the only daughter of a farmer.
Very soon they were married.
There was once a king who had three daughters. The two eldest were very proud and quarrelsome, but the youngest was as good as they were bad.
Once upon a time an old queen, whose husband had been dead for many years, had a beautiful daughter.
The princess was betrothed to a prince who lived a great way off.
The Princess's horse was called Falada, and could speak.
When the hour for departure drew near the old mother went to her bedroom, and taking a small knife she cut her fingers till they bled; then she held a white rag under them, and letting three drops of blood fall into it, she gave it to her daughter, and said: "Dear child, take great care of this rag: it may be of use to you on the journey."
Pray get down and fetch me some water in my golden cup out of yonder stream: I would like a drink.
"If you're thirsty," said the maid, "dismount yourself, and lie down by the water and drink; I don't mean to be your servant any longer."
If your mother only knew, her heart would surely break in two.
The waiting-maid commanded her harshly to take off her royal robes, and to put on her common ones.
There was great rejoicing over the arrival, and the Prince sprang forward to meet them, and taking the waiting-maid for his bride, he lifted her down from her horse and led her upstairs to the royal chamber.
The real Princess was left standing below in the courtyard.
The old King, who was looking out of his window, beheld her in this plight, and it struck him how sweet and gentle, even beautiful, she looked.
When they had reached the common where the geese fed, she sat down and unloosed her hair, which was of pure gold.
A gust of wind blew Curdken's hat away, and he had to chase it over hill and dale.
Curdken was very angry, and wouldn't speak to her.
They herded the geese till evening and then went home.
Curdken ran up to her and wanted to grasp some of the hair from her head.
A puff of wind came and blew Curdken's hat far away.
They watched the geese till it was dark.
I refuse to herd geese any longer with that girl.
"I refuse to herd geese any longer with that girl." "For what reason?" asked the old King. "Because she does nothing but annoy me all day long," replied Curdken.
She does nothing but annoy me all day long.
Well, if you won't tell me, confide your trouble to the iron stove there.
Here I sit, deserted by all the world, I who am a king's daughter, and a false waiting-maid has forced me to take off my own clothes, and has taken my place with my bridegroom, while I have to fulfill the lowly office of goose-girl.
The old King stood outside at the stove chimney, and listened to her words.
The young King rejoiced from his heart when he saw her beauty and learned how good she was, and a great banquet was prepared, to which everyone was bidden.
She was so dazzled that she did not recognize the Princess in her glittering garments.
"What," said he, "should be done to a certain person who has deceived everyone?"
Then the false bride answered: "She deserves to be put stark naked into a barrel lined with sharp nails, which should be dragged by two white horses up and down the street till she is dead."
There's no doubt about it. He's tall.
"You are the person," said the King, "and you have passed sentence on yourself; and even so it shall be done to you."
The young King was married to his real bride, and both reigned over the kingdom in peace and happiness.
I read one time that reading is a threat to ignorance.
As far as I know, this book has never been translated into Japanese.
The poor have no relatives.
Paupers have no relatives.
Don't interrupt the elderly.
Now I don't feel like watching television.
Tom is a light sleeper.
Dragons are imaginary creatures.
Say this three times, with your eyes shut and you will see what you will see.
Oifa drove the children of Lir into the lake to bathe, and they did as she told them. As soon as they were upon the lake she struck them with a Druid's wand of spells and wizardry and put them into the forms of four beautiful, perfectly white swans.
Out with you upon the wild waves, children of the king! Henceforth your cries shall be with the flocks of birds.
I awoke to find snow falling.
Nine hundred years shall you wander over the lakes and streams of Erin. This only I will grant unto you: that you retain your own speech, and there shall be no music in the world equal to yours, the plaintive music you shall sing.
The nobles of the court asked her where were the children of Lir.
He's your age.
It happened that the five Kings of Ireland met to determine who should have the head kingship over them, and King Lir of the Hill of the White Field expected surely he would be elected.
Have both of you already had lunch?
Have both of you already eaten lunch?
That should have never happened.
That should never have happened.
There was a poor farmer who had three sons, and on the same day the three boys went to seek their fortune.
Her hair was as red as fire.
Across the bridge, there is a little cottage.
Honor your elders.
There was once upon a time an old Queen whose husband had been dead for many years, and she had a beautiful daughter.
When the princess grew up she was betrothed to a prince who lived at a great distance.
Now that I think about it, I must look threatening.
The horse of the King's daughter was called Falada, and could speak.
I warned you not to trust me.
Have you already gone to the polls today?
The show was fun.
I told you not to do anything stupid.
Look after your little brother.
Look after your little sister.
Look after your brother while I'm gone.
We need to cross the river.
We want to see Tom do that.
They're behind us.
Tom is the happiest person I know.
I heard some weird noises last night.
Tom left the party with Mary.
We did well today.
Tom makes enough to pay his bills.
I had no idea it was getting so late.
I do have confidence in Tom.
We know the risks.
I don't think you should marry Tom.
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen.
Tom knew that Mary was tired.
I'll be in the car.
I thought Tom did that pretty well.
Everything will be decided on Monday.
I know Tom isn't happy here.
It made me chuckle.
Let's discuss what happened to Tom.
Don't you have to go to school today?
Thanks for coming. It means a lot to me.
I am writing.
All the money in the world isn't enough to buy me.
I won't be beholden to special interests.
He won't be beholden to special interests.
She won't be beholden to special interests.
They won't be beholden to special interests.
We won't be beholden to special interests.
He's in the pocket of big corporations.
She's in the pocket of big corporations.
They're in the pocket of big corporations.
They are in the pocket of big corporations.
She is in the pocket of big corporations.
He is in the pocket of big corporations.
We will not be beholden to special interests.
They will not be beholden to special interests.
She will not be beholden to special interests.
He will not be beholden to special interests.
I will not be beholden to special interests.
What flights go from Dallas to Phoenix?
I need an early flight from Milwaukee to Denver.
What types of ground transportation are available in Denver?
Could I have flight information on flights from Salt Lake City to Phoenix please?
I need the flights from Washington to Montreal on a Saturday.
I need a flight departing from Milwaukee to Indianapolis leaving Monday before 8am.
Give me the cheapest round trip flights from Indianapolis to Orlando around 25th December.
Show me the first class and coach flights from Kennedy airport to Miami.
What is the seating capacity of the type of aircraft M80?
What are the nonstop flights from Cincinnati to Charlotte leaving after noon and arriving before 7pm?
I'd like to fly from Miami to Chicago on on American Airlines arriving around 5pm.
Tom knew Mary had a roommate.
It made me nervous.
No one has seen Tom for three days.
Do you think you can keep up with us?
I've lost confidence in Tom.
It was pretty huge.
Tom has been behaving suspiciously.
Both of us plan to attend your party.
Tom kept the truth from Mary.
It was really cool.
Tom knew he was being photographed.
You've got to be ready for anything.
Maybe I was too hard on Tom.
It wasn't possible.
Tom was orphaned when he was three.
You and I both know that's not true.
Tom is very honest with Mary.
It's a bad problem.
Tom watched TV while he ate dinner.
Would you like to take a look at it?
This photo was taken by Tom.
It's a big concern.
We can't just leave Tom here alone.
Why are you dressed up like a clown?
Tom is using Mary's computer.
It's a big country.
We have a lot of confidence in Tom.
We're going to have a party tonight.
Tom claimed he was innocent.
It's a great story.
We have complete confidence in Tom.
We were lucky no one got hurt today.
Tom is ready to forgive Mary.
It's easy for them.
Let's stop by Tom's and talk to him.
We can stay here as long as we want.
Tom could've done something.
It's good to dream.
The last I heard, Tom was in prison.
This is a very important day for us.
Tom is eager to talk to Mary.
It's gotten easier.
Tom knew he was under investigation.
This Christmas is going to be great.
Tom has gotten a lot better.
It's happening now.
Tom's father was a school custodian.
There wasn't much light in the area.
Tom is Mary's youngest child.
It's just a rabbit.
I can't believe Tom just ignored you.
There was broken glass on the floor.
Tom is a really good friend.
It's not a gimmick.
I ended up helping Tom several times.
The situation is extremely volatile.
Tom is Mary's little brother.
It's not effective.
Perhaps I expected too much from Tom.
The people here are really friendly.
This is a mosque.
Do you take debit cards?
Is the electricity included in the rent?
Is the water included in the rent?
Are the water and electricity included in the rent?
Tom is a really good kisser.
It's not expensive.
Rescue workers saved Tom and his dog.
The opportunity is definitely there.
Tom gave Mary another chance.
It's taken a while.
Tom was driving his girlfriend's car.
The mood in the courtroom was tense.
Tom is a very light sleeper.
It's very personal.
Tom's condition is rapidly worsening.
The jury found the defendant guilty.
Tom dropped Mary at day care.
It's very puzzling.
I've already spoken to Tom about that.
The jury deliberated for three days.
Tom is always in a bad mood.
It's way too early.
It might be too late to visit Tom now.
The instructions are on the package.
Things seem to be spiralling out of control for Tom. His friends agree that he has hit rock bottom.
After the mercurial and embattled state governor left a profanity-laced message on a legislator's telephone answering machine, he tried to explain himself: "I was so angry that I couldn't breathe."
People wonder whether Tom is suffering from substance abuse, mental illness or just ignorance. I think it might be all three of those.
Do they have a property for sale here?
I think I have an upset stomach.
I'm worn-out.
Boys do cry.
Which dictionary is better, Collins or Oxford?
She won't be happy about that.
He won't be happy about that.
Tom won't be happy about that.
They won't be happy about that.
We're all human.
I still cry when I think about it.
Tom splashed Mary.
Tom splashed Mary, and then Mary splashed him back.
Do you want to come over and watch a movie or something?
Tom watched TV until he fell asleep.
Tom rented a movie at the video store.
Tom ordered pizza for everyone.
I think they'd be a perfect match for each other.
He is a lively young man.
You should call your mother more often.
Tom likes Greek yogurt.
Do you like frozen yogurt?
We can't afford the same standard of living as you.
Do you like strained yogurt?
Criticizing is easier than doing.
Berlin currently suffers a lot from the political circumstances in Europe.
Borscht is often garnished with dill and sour cream.
Falafel is a good source of protein.
Hummus is a dip or spread made from chickpeas.
Halloumi is a salty cheese that can be fried or grilled.
Döner kebabs are popular in Europe.
He wishes to talk to you.
Hors d'oeuvre are small dishes served before a meal.
Appetizers are small dishes served before a meal.
Antipasti are appetizers served before the first course.
Tapas are Spanish appetizers.
Meze are small dishes served in many countries around the Mediterranean.
Baklava are sweet pastries made from layers of filo dough filled with chopped nuts.
I'm not Finnish.
She's afraid that I'll get lost.
Don't spoil the mood.
The true protagonist wasn't shot by anybody.
Mary put some roasted pecans into her salad.
Tom is an engineering student.
Tom is a capable young man.
Alzheimer's disease affects nearly million people around the world.
Tom wrote a love letter to Mary, but never gave it to her.
Mary changed the color of her hair.
She hates me as much as I hate her.
Tom hates me as much as I hate him.
I've tried to get along with her, but it's impossible.
I played innocent.
I know she did it on purpose.
I know you did it on purpose.
I know Tom did it on purpose.
I've tried to get along with Tom, but it's impossible.
Tom avoided making eye contact.
Mary avoided making eye contact.
You're the only one who understands how I feel.
Tom is the only one who understands me.
I wish my family was happy like yours.
I think she's a witch.
I put both of my arms around her.
Tom put his arms around Mary and hugged her tightly.
Tom's parents fight all the time.
My mom yells at me all the time for no reason.
Please stop lying.
Mary called me names.
I don't have any homework.
"Have you done your homework?" "I don't have any homework."
I look so fat in this dress.
Do I look fat in this dress?
Oh God, I look so fat in this.
I look terrible in this. I'm so fat.
Today was the worst day of my life.
I have a hard time believing you don't have any homework.
Tom set his homework out on the table.
I already did my homework at school.
Why don't you have any homework?
Do you have any homework to do?
The eye is a window that looks into the heart.
Patriotism is, fundamentally, a conviction that a particular country is the best in the world because you were born in it.
My specialty is being right when other people are wrong.
The liar's punishment is, not in the least that he is not believed, but that he cannot believe any one else.
I hear you say "Why?" Always "Why?" You see things; and you say "Why?" But I dream things that never were; and I say "Why not?"
This is a middle eastern country.
Do you work alone?
I will do what ever I can for you
I can't handle his comments
My wife won't talk to me except through her lawyer.
You're the one I love.
How dare you talk about Tom like that!
How dare you talk about Mary like that!
Some people sleep in their bathrobes.
She gave him the middle finger.
"I hate the mole on your face." "But it is my mole!"
My mole is getting bigger every day.
My mole is bigger than yours.
Tom is not very good at keeping secrets.
I'm good at keeping secrets.
Tom did a handstand.
Mary did a cartwheel.
Can you touch your toes?
Mary did a somersault.
Tom leaned forward and touched his toes.
Tom struggled to touch his toes.
Tom can't touch his toes.
Mary did some backflips on the trampoline.
The Baltic Sea is one of the most popular national travel destinations for Germans.
Backflips can be dangerous.
Mary is good at the balance beam.
Tom did a somersault on the trampoline.
Tom fell asleep almost as soon as the movie started.
Tom fell asleep as soon as the movie started.
Mary fell asleep just as the movie started.
It wasn't long before Tom fell asleep.
Tom woke up toward the end of the movie.
Mary laid her head on Tom's shoulder and soon fell asleep.
Don't listen to rumors.
Tom fell asleep halfway through the movie.
Mary fell asleep halfway through the movie.
He always does this.
She always does this.
Tom spent the night on the couch.
I left halfway through the movie.
That was the scariest movie I've ever seen.
Tom fell asleep the moment his head hit the pillow.
Tom fell asleep during the show.
Tom and Mary decided to go see a scary movie.
Mary put her head on Tom's shoulder and Tom wrapped his arm around her.
The movie was really scary.
Mary covered her eyes during the scary scenes.
Tell me when I can open my eyes.
Let's watch a horror movie.
Tom insisted on watching a scary movie.
Tom fell asleep during the show at the planetarium.
They are holding a singing there this weekend.
Mary jumped out of her seat.
We'll set up camp here.
Shut up and watch the movie.
Tom spent a year in Germany.
Tom was stationed for a year in Germany.
Mary spent a year in Japan.
Tom and Mary went skiing in the Alps.
When was the last time you used a fax machine?
Tom and Mary rented a house by the sea.
Do you have the internet at home?
Do you have internet access at home?
Tom has never used the Internet.
Six million Britons have never used the Internet.
Forty-five percent of Greeks said that they had never used the Internet in 2011.
More than reindeer were killed by a lightning strike in Norway.
The European Union ordered Apple to pay billion euros in taxes.
Tom has a rock collection.
I don't like science.
There are many medieval castles in Europe.
There are many old castles in Europe.
There's no silver bullet.
You must tell no one.
Tom's voice broke with emotion.
Tom stared deep into her eyes.
Did you kiss her?
"Did you kiss her?" "No, I didn't kiss her."
Why did you kiss her?
I don't like the taste.
He reeked of liquor.
His breath reeked of liquor.
Let's go eat together.
I'd really like you and my brother to meet each other.
He ended up not coming.
She had never seen him before.
She had never seen it before.
I'm happy if you're happy.
I have heard her story before.
The castle is in need of urgent repairs.
I've heard her story before.
Tom didn't want to harm Mary.
It's way too small.
The police found drugs in Tom's house.
The headline is somewhat misleading.
It's what I wanted.
Tom died in at the age of thirty.
Something strange is happening here.
Tom did nothing to help Mary.
The bus was packed.
Tom had one brother and three sisters.
Several injuries have been reported.
Tom is just three years old.
These aren't cheap.
Tom said he couldn't wait much longer.
No further information was provided.
Tom couldn't see Mary's face.
Those aren't tacos.
Tom said he didn't know what to think.
No further information is available.
Tom is on his way back home.
Today isn't Monday.
Tom said he doesn't remember doing it.
It's good for you, so please eat it.
Tom begged Mary to slow down.
You guys messed up.
Tom does almost everything around here.
It's a place where people feel safe.
Tom is on the official list.
Your kids are cute.
Tom is the one who makes the decisions.
It's a mistake that anyone can make.
Tom begged Mary to come home.
I hope it goes well.
Tom was the one who made that decision.
It gets very cold this time of year.
Tom is waiting for somebody.
I hope it went well.
Tom worked as a teacher and journalist.
It doesn't make much sense, does it?
I was in an accident.
I'm a ghost.
What do you regret most?
What's the one thing you would have done differently?
If you had to do it all over again, what would you do differently?
Doing the same thing over and over gets tiring.
Don't you ever get bored doing that?
That looks so boring.
That looks so excruciatingly boring.
I wouldn't do that if you paid me.
I wouldn't do that even if you paid me.
These are our children.
Is this a puzzle?
Can you feel the love tonight?
He hit the ball with the bat.
Have you already been to Hokkaido?
Have you ever been to Hokkaido?
Did you ever go to Hokkaido?
He's coming home from Sydney today.
Representatives from many countries have participated in this conference.
The longest word in the French language is "anticonstitutionnellement".
Tom forgot the keys on the table.
The only reason to be a human being, is to be.
There was a bottle of wine left.
At the beginning, I couldn't understand him.
At the beginning, I couldn't understand it.
The car is old but in good condition.
She painted the door red.
Single people are the ones that always find out where the emergency exit is right away.
We haven't found him.
We haven't found it.
Even though Tom and Marie are twins, they don't look very much alike.
Say what you want, he won't change his mind.
Say what you want, it won't change his mind.
Different nations can only coexist peacefully if they respect each other's respective culture.
We have not found it.
I like to think that I'm fluent in English but fluency is ,of course, a very vague term.
I see a stone.
How much do you owe?
We would like to leave.
Tom and his friends sat around the campfire and roasted marshmallows.
Tom went on a camping trip with his family.
I tried to talk to Tom, but he ignored me.
I don't have any camping equipment.
Mary earned many badges as a girl scout.
Tom earned a merit badge.
Tom was an Eagle Scout.
We set up our tent and built a campfire.
Tom majored in political science.
Tom's design is very original.
I think I saw a ghost in the woods.
Do you have a gym membership?
Mary sat on the floor and wrapped her arms around her knees.
I have a date tonight.
"I have a date tonight." "With who?"
This might not be illegal, but it's unethical.
Cactuses are very good at storing water.
Everybody danced.
The kangaroo mouse lives in the Nevada desert.
At the bottom of the ocean, there are small underwater volcanoes spewing scalding hot water, gases, and chemicals like methane and ammonia. They're called hydrothermal vents.
Swamps, marshes, and bogs are types of wetlands.
Wetlands can have freshwater, salt water, or a mixture of both.
Half of the world's species live in tropical rainforests.
Tropical rainforests are located near the equator, where it's almost always warm and wet.
Astrobiologists think our best bet for finding life on other planets is to search for water.
There aren't many qualities that are true of all life on Earth, but the need for water is one of them.
96.percent of water on Earth is in our oceans.
Just 3.percent of Earth's water is fresh.
Over percent of Earth's freshwater is locked up in ice and glaciers; and another percent is in groundwater.
The Atlantic Ocean is saltier than the Pacific Ocean.
The saltiest water in the world is found in Antarctica in a small lake named Don Juan Pond.
A newborn baby is percent water. Adults are 55-percent water.
They look like they're having fun.
You two look like you're having fun.
I wonder what they're laughing about.
It's one of our specialties.
Tom bought a used car.
Tom's car was repossessed.
I almost feel bad for Tom.
I almost feel bad for Tom. Almost.
A quarter of Earth’s population lacks access to reliable electricity, according to the U.N. Development Programme. More than half of those people have no electricity at all.
Did you watch the Olympics opening ceremony?
Did you watch the Olympics closing ceremony?
Tom lost his fight with cancer.
Tom and Mary watched a nature documentary.
Tom joined his high school's debating team.
Tom joined his school's debating team at the suggestion of his teacher.
Tom likes to argue.
Tom dropped a bombshell.
Tom's friends were all laughing at me.
Mary's friends all laughed at me.
What's the most dangerous slum in Rio de Janeiro?
Tom called me a stupid jerk.
The summer was coming to an end.
Summer is coming to an end.
Tom is a trombone player in the school band.
Mary brushed Kate's hair.
Mary stroked Kate's hair.
The rocket exploded on the launch pad.
The plural of octopus is octopuses.
I'm not buying two books, just one.
Tom has a dashcam in his car.
I think you'd know the reason for that better than I do.
Autumn is coming.
Touch an animal to hear its sound.
You don't need to convince me.
Who speaks Russian?
He works for a plumbing company.
When was this area annexed to the city?
The outlook for planning the defense is grim.
The outlook for the defense is grim.
He's a well-known impresario.
They were squeezed against each other.
Tom and Mary worked together.
I'm kind of stunned.
Tom's injuries aren't life-threatening.
I've got a special surprise for you.
Tom isn't making much money.
It was a bad choice.
Tom's racist comments cost him his job.
I'm just here to show you something.
Tom and Mary watched a movie.
It's hard to choose.
I haven't written to Tom in a long time.
I'm going out to get some fresh air.
Tom loved to draw and paint.
That's not a museum.
I'm not going to let Tom hurt you again.
I love this drawing. It's beautiful.
Tom and Mary wanted children.
That's not the goal.
It was Tom who drove us home last night.
I know you're going to do very well.
Tom slept without a blanket.
This isn't gasoline.
Tom partied with his friends last night.
I don't think that's anybody I know.
Tom and Mary started talking.
This isn't my money.
Tom was one of the people who helped us.
I don't know why they're doing this.
Tom suddenly looked worried.
We didn't play well.
Tom washes his car at least once a week.
Everyone wanted a piece of the cake.
Tom and Mary started arguing.
Are you leaving, too?
Everyone knew Tom was the one who did it.
Everyone is going to call me a liar.
Tom was sent back to Boston.
Did I miss the party?
I asked Tom why he wasn't here yesterday.
Do you know how to drive this thing?
I missed my mother.
Mary is a nonvoter.
I believe that stricter vigilance is necessary here.
I know a lot of French words, but it's difficult for me to combine them into sentences.
Elves have a strong connection to nature.
Unexploded ordnance is found every year in Europe.
Landmines kill 15,to 20,people every year, many of them children.
Approximately 80% of landmine casualties are civilian.
Landmines are cheap to put in place, but expensive to remove.
Mary coughed blood into her handkerchief.
Tom coughed blood into his handkerchief.
The explosive ordnance disposal unit safely disposed of the unexploded bomb.
The bomb was defused by the bomb squad.
Is distilled water drinkable?
The largest ship in the world is called the "Harmony of the Seas". It was launched in 2015.
Tom is small for his age.
Why are you so disappointed?
Will you please shut up and listen to me?
Tom left his clothes lying all over the floor.
Mary neatly folded her clothes and placed them in her dresser drawers.
They don't eat anything.
I'm glad you invited me.
Mary moved closer to him.
Mary moved closer to Tom on the sofa.
The footsteps moved closer.
Where did you learn all this?
Where did you learn to cook like this?
Tom was a brave man.
Mary was a brave woman.
Nahuatl was the language of the Aztecs.
"Have a great weekend!" "Same to you!"
He heard a disembodied voice.
I had to wait a long time for Tom's answer, but it was worth it.
Let's pick up Tom.
Let's give Tom a ride.
Losing at the Rio Olympics crushed the athlete's ego.
Within the village, Tom was known as a con man.
Within the settlement, Tom was known as a professional schemer.
The security situation on the border became explosive this weekend.
He gave this pet the name Erdogan.
The drunk tourists left the hotel room in shambles after their visit.
The hotel room was a mess after the drunk tourists stayed there.
The plenary seat of the European Parliament is in Strasbourg.
Mary had flowers in her hair.
Mary put some flowers in her hair.
Do you want me to put some flowers in your hair?
We should plant more flowers.
Tom and Mary went for a midnight swim.
Mary helped her mother in the garden.
Tom has a wife and two children.
Let's go for a midnight swim.
We swam in the moonlight.
Tom sat on his bed crying.
Mary sat on her bed crying.
I patted Tom's back while he cried.
The water is beautiful.
Tom and Mary are watching TV.
Did you see the news?
I don't think Tom is planning to help us.
Do what your father tells you to do.
Tom was shaking like a leaf.
Do you like this car?
I had to do everything Tom told me to do.
Come back and see us in the morning.
Tom agreed to meet with Mary.
Every minute counted.
I have a feeling Tom won't be here today.
Both of us plan to be at your party.
Tom was sitting right there.
Every second counted.
I thought Tom was going to be here today.
Are you afraid of losing your money?
Tom accused Mary of cheating.
Here are the choices.
I wasn't the one who told Tom to do that.
You're not scared anymore, are you?
No one is calling you a thief.
How long are you planning on staying?
The students have access to these computers.
I get off the streetcar here.
Tom doesn't seem to like me.
Mary doesn't seem to like me.
I'm sure you'll be very happy.
I wish I could have met him.
I wish I could have met her.
Tell me this isn't true.
Please tell me this isn't true.
Mary brushed her horse.
Mary is brushing her horse.
I tried to talk to Mary, but she ignored me.
Tom was talking very loudly.
I can't control that.
I'm quite sure Tom won't want to do that.
You'll be OK without us, won't you?
Tom was sure Mary was alive.
I now know the truth.
I've never asked Tom to work on a Sunday.
You think I kissed Mary, don't you?
Tom was too groggy to speak.
I wanted to play tag.
It happened just the way Tom said it did.
You celebrate Christmas, don't you?
Tom is very upset with Mary.
I'll show you around.
The only one who knows what to do is Tom.
Why is there so much traffic today?
Tom was treated like a king.
I'm stuck in the mud.
Tom can probably help solve this problem.
What is it that you want to ask me?
I'm taking away your phone.
Could it be love?
Tom is trying to reach Mary.
Isn't that something?
Tom has just finished doing his homework.
We're not going to stop doing that.
Tom's plan worked perfectly.
It doesn't feel good.
Eventually Tom noticed what was happening.
We run into each other quite often.
Tom is really proud of Mary.
It wasn't a burglary.
I don't care whether Tom does that or not.
We don't have the proper equipment.
Tom's room was pretty clean.
It wasn't bad at all.
I shouldn't have invited Tom to the party.
There's really no point in arguing.
Tom and Mary both have dogs.
Just wait in the car.
I told Tom that I didn't know the answer.
There was only one way out of here.
Many people pray before eating.
Good is stronger than evil.
What's wrong with Tom today?
Let's go skating now.
I'll ask Tom to make you something to eat.
The investigation is still ongoing.
Tom and Mary met with John.
Let's make a snowman.
Let's stop by Tom's house and talk to him.
The helicopter gently touched down.
Explain the situation to Tom.
Let's try that again.
Should Tom really be doing that right now?
The evidence is all circumstantial.
Tom and Mary are good kids.
Look at the evidence.
Tom can tell you more about it than I can.
The envelope's already been opened.
How could that happen to Tom?
People were watching.
Tom doesn't often eat lunch with his wife.
The conference runs through Monday.
Tom grew a moustache.
We should act righteously and must remember that the future will pass a harsh judgement on our actions.
In Üsküdar which I have visited, across the Marmara Sea from lstanbul, there lives an old woman I know named Fatma.
"Hello." "Hi, this is Tom. I'm calling about the package I ordered."
Mary whom I knew when I worked at Microsoft, whose husband died a year ago, now lives in Boston.
Tom who used to be my neighbor, who was found guilty for murder, is now in jail.
I discovered a new game this summer.
Must be the holidays; there are no more traffic jams in Paris.
The eagle is a raptor, like the falcon and vulture.
I hit my head and saw stars.
This is the perfect place for an ambush.
He gave me some books.
There was once a fat, ugly peasant who fell in love with a beautiful, blonde princess. One day, the princess kissed the ugly, fat peasant, and he magically transformed into a slender, handsome prince. At least, that's how she saw him. At least, that's how he felt.
He doesn't know anything about electronics.
Even in Tom's funniest skits, there is a note of grief.
His jacket was threadbare and worn-out, as if he had not taken it off for thirty years.
His jacket was as threadbare and worn-out as if he had worn it for thirty years straight.
That rusty Citroen is really beaten up.
Only in our store will you find footrests at surprisingly low prices.
I'm debating whether I am perplexed, wondering, or astounded.
The flickering black-and-white television set irritated my weary eyes.
The flickering black-and-white television set bothered my exhausted eyes.
Without a doubt, that student is a prodigy.
Skepticism is a vital characteristic of science.
I was in the crop duster crash in 2003.
I crashed in that sprayer plane in 2003.
The cawing of a crow startled me.
Damn rascal! Did you really think you were going to trick me?
Laura pretended to get closer, only to turn around and run away at the last minute.
Ana's boyfriend is so cloying. He's always trying to kiss her and hold her hand.
I'm taking a taxi to go to the train station.
He works for hours.
She works for hours.
Money, not love, makes the world go round.
He's the scum of the earth. A waste of time.
I don't know if that will help.
She told him "Nice job!" He answered "No big deal."
The carpenter was feuding with the baker across the street and the cobbler next door.
Her singing voice had a cathartic, refreshing quality.
The young rabbi often brags about his lineage.
Are you prepared to switch from a wooden floor to ceramic tiles?
The central intelligence agency managed to plant a secret agent inside the deadly terrorist organization.
The president's mind was seriously disturbed after the failed coup attempt.
Something in the president's psychological makeup went awry after the failed coup attempt.
The neighbors' dog passed away.
My aunt's smile is sweeter than her loquat jam.
In order to enjoy the speech, you need to start by suspending your disbelief.
That poor slob began and ended his career as a district policeman.
To prevent an invasion, the commander used to patrol the border at least twice a day.
He crushed the insect mercilessly.
Maybe we should take a step back so we don't fall?
Maybe we should take a step back before we fall?
It's time for you to stop going on and on all the time about ethnic deprivation.
It's time for you to stop going on and on about deprived communities.
The retired judge used to visit prostitutes regularly.
She stopped receiving a pension after she was caught committing fraud.
The next two years are not expected to be prosperous.
Prosperity is not expected for the next two years.
Even in Tom's funniest sketches, there is a somber note.
The public housing superintendent used to receive bribes from the aging tenant.
My sister has shoulder-length hair.
My sister's hair reaches her shoulders.
Brazil fulfills most of our demand for coffee.
I live in Tashkent.
The abundance of amateur translations of Japanese manga on the Internet is a testament to its popularity outside the country.
I'm not miserable. I'm just not happy.
He works as a doctor and a writer at the same time.
He is both a doctor and a writer.
We consider it a fundamental right of citizens to have public libraries.
He worked too hard and destroyed his health.
She came running to him.
We do not accept gratuities.
Don't try to be me. Be yourself!
Each boy has his own room.
I hear everything you say.
I hear everything you're saying.
Tom has a nose ring.
Mary got her nose pierced.
Mary wants to get her navel pierced.
Mary wants to get her belly button pierced.
That's neither a crow nor a raven, but a magpie.
You're arguing just to argue.
I'm on the porch.
I'm on the deck.
She was the first to invest in brand-name office equipment.
Sometimes the facts don't seem to matter in politics.
Politicians don't always tell the truth.
Kind of Blue is Miles Davis' most famous album.
Miles Davis was an American jazz musician.
It's "segue", not "segway".
These two words are easily confused.
The sea level is rising.
There are two possible explanations.
The employees are paid biweekly.
The documents were heavily redacted by the FBI before being released.
We'll phone our mother-in-law.
Michael Phelps is the winningest Olympian ever.
The Emperor Akihito of Japan has announced his intention to abdicate.
Stop borrowing my clothes without my permission.
Stop borrowing my clothes without asking.
I've made a lot of sacrifices.
I've made a lot of sacrifices to get here.
Stop leaving your clothes on the floor.
Stop leaving your clothes all over the floor.
Tom shoved his books into his backpack.
I hate bologna sandwiches.
Don't tilt your chair.
Don't tilt your chair back.
Tom and Mary had a fight on Twitter.
This topic is trending on Twitter.
I dipped the pen into the ink.
It is true that Tom is a strict father.
Mary grabbed Tom by the scruff of his neck.
Tom grabbed his son by the scruff of his neck.
Tom complained that he had too much homework.
I must break my tasks into small steps.
The most important thing in the Olympic Games is not to win but to take part, just as the most important thing in life is not the triumph but the struggle. The essential thing is not to have conquered but to have fought well.
He bought new gloves.
She seldom uses nail polish.
They fell asleep after the movie.
After the movie, they fell asleep.
Don't take pictures of me when I'm eating.
I don't understand how I could have made such a mistake.
There are 187,lakes in Finland.
She bought new gloves.
What do you find so interesting about Japan?
What do you find so interesting about Germany?
What do you find so interesting about this website?
What do you find so interesting about Tom?
What do you find so interesting about Mary?
What do you find so interesting about squirrels?
So, what do you find so interesting about dinosaurs?
What do you find so interesting about her?
What do you find so interesting about him?
I don't understand what you find so interesting about squirrels.
You're a peculiar girl.
You're a peculiar girl, Mary.
Mary deactivated her Facebook account.
Mary couldn't believe her good fortune.
Tom couldn't believe his good fortune.
Just relax and have fun.
Why don't you just relax and have fun?
"Did you know that we have a big hospital in this town?" "I’m quite surprised to hear that." "Why is that?" "Well, this is my third visit, and I didn't know till now there was a hospital here.”
Tom and Mary gave me that.
Prices keep going up.
Tom has a lot to do before he can go home.
The arsonist was never apprehended.
I ended up helping Tom a lot.
Should we try it out?
Tom isn't like the other boys on the team.
Technology has improved since then.
Tom and Mary are doing OK.
That sounds real bad.
Tom started racing at the age of thirteen.
Take this box down to the basement.
The footprints weren't Tom's.
That's not realistic.
Tom was the only one here when I got here.
Several other workers were injured.
Tom and Mary met in 2013.
The truck drove away.
I think Tom really doesn't know the answer.
Several flights have been canceled.
In the face of ruthless competition, our business failed to survive.
When Tom began studying culinary arts, the instructing chef made him practice cutting up onions and carrots as uniformly as possible.
Having not buckled her car's safety belt across her lap and shoulder, Mary injured herself in the head, arms and legs during the traffic accident.
As her car hit the lamp post, Mary broke both legs, and her head and arms were badly cut up as her body went partway through the windshield.
Quite a few British people were really cut up about the results of the plebiscite, but those who had not bothered to vote had only themselves to blame.
Tom had not liked being a supply teacher; students would often cut up and play baffling tricks.
Tom always answers his phone.
They're attacking us.
I'm very surprised that you don't know Tom.
Rescue parties are being organized.
Tom is better than Mary.
This bed is too soft.
Tom got in his pick-up truck and drove off.
Private lessons are also available.
Tom bought gallons of gas.
This is a good paper.
You shouldn't have talked to Tom like that.
People really are stupid sometimes.
Tom and Mary had a baby.
This is a good place.
Do you think Tom could be telling the truth?
No previous experience is required.
Tom claimed he wasn't guilty.
This was no accident.
I knew you would tell Tom about what we did.
It would be crazy to do that again.
Boston University's fitness and recreation center has basketball and volleyball courts, a rock-climbing wall, an Olympic-sized pool, an indoor running track and locker rooms with showers.
The city of Toronto has about community recreation centres, many of which include swimming pools, skating and curling rinks, gymnasiums, weight rooms and meeting rooms.
Before the city council could select a contractor and begin construction on a new recreation centre, eligible voters had to approve, by referendum, a $million bond issue to pay for its expected capital cost.
My son's favourite food is waffles with maple syrup. Every morning he says I should cook them, but sometimes I must say no.
Do you know the difference between Brussels waffles and Liège waffles?
When two non-perpendicular straight lines intersect, they form four geometric angles; an acute angle plus either of the adjacent obtuse angles will naturally always sum to degrees.
In some larger cities, people must stint on food and clothing in order to make rent or mortgage payments.
For fourteen years Tania Miller was the brilliant and engaging concert-maestra of Victoria's symphony orchestra. Music reviewers were unstinting in their praise of her talent.
After his change of heart, the former miser became unstinting in his generosity to the poor.
The philanthropist had made billions of dollars from selling software and was now unstinting in his efforts to combat several debilitating tropical diseases.
By definition, an acute angle is less than degrees.
People usually only see a medical specialist like a urologist or a gastroenterologist after an initial referral by their primary healthcare provider.
"Have you done your homework?" "I don't have any."
Primary healthcare in Canada is usually the responsibility of a doctor in general practice, although in northern and remote locations a nurse-practitioner often fills this role.
Tom stole Mary's car.
Today's my lucky day.
I think Tom did exactly what he said he did.
It was a perfect day for a wedding.
Tom confessed to the robbery.
Was all of that true?
I think Tom isn't the right man for the job.
It looks like it was going to work.
Tom still hates Mary.
Was that intentional?
I thought Tom wasn't going to be here today.
I'm doing this with or without you.
Tom is fine now.
We were pretty quiet.
Tom opened the clothes dryer and took out his clothes.
I told you I was telling the truth.
Tom could be in real trouble.
We'll be leaving now.
I'll never forget what Tom told me that day.
I thought you said you had to work.
Natural teak forests occur in only four countries: India, Laos, Burma and Thailand.
This is how it used to be.
Don't let his comments discourage you; I believe in you.
I'm not sure if that will help.
In his wrinkled face could be seen the marks of a past filled with suffering.
Oh, so you think you're a tough guy, huh?
He was crippled by the accident.
Is he cooking too?
We are working for peace.
After a series of economic downturns, consumer confidence is at an all-time low.
I always have headaches after eating at Asian restaurants because they use MSG.
Eager to start the day, he leaped out of bed bright-eyed and bushy-tailed.
It will take years of number crunching to analyze these statistics.
This is unequivocally the worst meal I have ever had.
Indonesia and some African countries have established teak plantations, although the tree is not native there.
Tomorrow there's a high probability it will rain.
Indonesia's plantation-grown teak is of the world's highest quality.
Teakwood naturally contains a highly water-resistant oil that protects the wood from insect attack and prevents rotting.
The teak is a deciduous tree that can grow to a height of metres.
A friend is hard to find and easy to lose.
I will never go away.
Appointed commissioners who nobody votes for and who cannot be voted out frame all the laws, and these are then merely rubber-stamped by the European parliament. It's actually scary what this could potentially mean. It's a despot's dream set-up. Very short-sighted to vote to remain.
This is a vote the ramifications of which are going to last for many generations. We have to think very long-term here. Anyone with a sense of history knows that this country has fought bitterly to maintain its freedom and independence for nigh on a thousand years. My heart wants us to remain in Europe, but my head tells me I have no choice but to vote to leave. I'm going to vote with my head.
I don't wear a watch but I used to wear one when I was younger.
Students of Latin are racking their brains in trying to understand the mystery of the so-called passive periphrastic.
What's your favorite outfit?
Some French mayors have been trying to outlaw the so-called burkini, an extremely modest garment which some Muslim women wear on trips to the beach. Critics of such measures have pointed out the fact that the garment, which covers most of the body and even the arms and legs, strongly resembles the thermal wetsuits used by divers and surfers.
Removing her bikini top, yet keeping her bathing shorts on, Mary enjoyed the warmth of the sun, delighted that lying on the beach topless was accepted as normal and that no one was staring at her or at the other sun worshippers there.
On a beach in the south of France, some women were returning from a swim and sunbathing topless. Although at first a little surprised, having come from a country with more conservative customs, Mary decided that if men didn't have to wear a shirt, it was only fair that women shouldn't have to either.
This is my favorite outfit.
He deplored the fact that Silesia was no longer Prussian.
While taking a walk, Tom enjoyed the autumn leaves in vibrant red and orange.
Are you sure you pressed the last button?
Even though Tom and Mary are twins, they don't look very much alike.
We'd like to leave.
Tom and his friends sat around the campfire and sang songs.
Tom was very angry and refused to speak to Mary.
Mary doesn't love her husband.
Tom was very angry and wouldn't speak to Mary.
Do you know where you're going?
I wonder what Tom and Mary are laughing about.
Have you already been to Boston?
Do you really think Tom would go out with me?
How are you going to deal with it?
A snowflake landed on the tip of Tom's nose.
Mary put a flower in her hair.
Tom fell asleep just as the movie started.
That's what my mother used to say.
Tom and Mary look like they're having fun.
I'm not very good at keeping secrets.
Tom doesn't want to go to Boston with me.
We pitched our tent and built a campfire.
Tom did some backflips on the trampoline.
The band that's playing tonight is from Boston.
Tom isn't very good at keeping secrets.
This town was named after my great-grandfather.
All of Tom's friends laughed at Mary.
I need a flight that leaves on Monday afternoon.
Tom hugged Mary and then kissed her.
I want you to remember what happened here today.
I wonder what Tom is laughing about.
We need about $300,to complete this project.
Tom spent three years in Australia.
I'll definitely keep my windows and doors locked.
All of Tom's friends laughed at me.
The manager asked me if I wanted my old job back.
Tom's friends all laughed at Mary.
This next song was written by our lead guitarist.
Tom is afraid that I'll get lost.
Do you plan on attending this afternoon's meeting?
Tom's friends all laughed at me.
We wanted to get out of there as fast as we could.
Tom isn't good at reading maps.
It'll be three months before our house is finished.
Tom is good at keeping secrets.
Mary is prettier and makes better grades than Alice.
Tom hugged Mary and kissed her.
We don't see this kind of thing happening very often.
Tom helped Mary in the kitchen.
According to the weather forecast, it'll snow tomorrow.
I wish I could've met Tom.
How often do you get up early enough to see the sunrise?
Tom spent a year in Boston.
It'll be a long time before I can afford to buy a house.
Tom painted the door white.
It'll take you a few weeks to get used to wearing a wig.
Tom jumped out of his seat.
This rash should go away by itself in a couple of weeks.
Tom doesn't love his wife.
It'll take me more than three hours to finish doing this.
Tom ended up not coming.
We're working hard to get the project finished by October.
Tom brushed his horse.
It'll cost you a fortune to buy the kind of house you want.
Somebody attacked Tom.
It'll take a long time to do everything that needs to be done.
Why did you kiss Tom?
It'll take about thirty minutes to get to the station by taxi.
Tom always does this.
It's likely to rain today, so you'd better take your umbrella.
Tom called me names.
I think many of the people here today would rather not be here.
Tom loves baseball.
I need to call my parents and tell them I'll be late for dinner.
Tom is your age.
It'll cost you more to fix it than to it would cost you to buy a new one.
Tom started it.
I don't think it'll rain, but I'll take an umbrella with me, just in case.
Ladies also play with the ball.
Beware of falling rocks!
What is mathematics good for?
He can play the piano.
Actually, I know that.
I gained weight recently.
Who broke the plate?
She won the competition.
He won the competition.
Which one is your bag?
The more people, the better.
She promised me.
He promised me.
We have eaten.
We ate.
He should buy a house.
He weighs more than kg.
She weighs more than kg.
You should not lie.
"Can I join you?" "Sure."
I did not know where to go.
I had no idea where to go.
I don't know how to play cards well, and I don't solve crossword puzzles often.
In Spain both toplessness and nudism are legal.
Eat a lot of bread, drink a little wine!
A major New York newspaper reports that coastal flooding as a result of global warming is already underway.
A causeway connecting a United States island to the mainland disappears beneath the sea several times a year, thereby cutting off the town from the mainland.
A Florida city is responding to regular tidal flooding by sending out tanker trucks equipped with vacuum hoses to suck saltwater off the streets.
Human-caused climate change has caused land ice to melt and ocean water to expand.
For decades scientists warned that the accelerating sea level rise would eventually put coastlines in many countries at risk.
The inundation of coastal towns has begun. The sea has risen to the point that a high tide and a brisk wind are now all it takes to send water pouring into streets and homes.
Atmospheric scientists have warned that global warming is not a hundred years off but is an immediate problem whose effects are being felt right now.
Greenland's melting is accelerating. By itself, the full melting of that country's ice sheet could increase sea levels by over six metres.
As the temperature rises, large lakes form on the surface of Greenland's ice, which in turn create a network of rivers. The rushing rivers rapidly melt through the surrounding ice like a knife cutting through butter.
Greenland's meltwater rivers flow down into giant holes in the ice, called moulins, which drain through tunnels in the ice sheet and out into the ocean.
Although arctic and antarctic ice are melting rapidly and sea levels are already rising, elected lawmakers who deny the very existence of climate change currently chair the respective science committees of both the U.S. House of Representatives and the Senate.
I've put a little bit of milk in my coffee.
The doctor concluded that her stomach pains were due to irritable bowel syndrome.
The botanist carefully recorded the morphological characteristics of the trees.
Please return your order form along with a self-addressed envelope.
Tom said that he would not invest in stocks unless there was a definite payoff.
The Prime Minister could not continue after a vote of no confidence.
The square root of is √or -√3.
I always liked soccer.
These are not my ideas.
The bridge was bombed only at the end of the conflict.
Making a cup of coffee is an accomplishment? You're setting the bar pretty low, aren't you?
Don't feel obligated to talk if you don't want to.
I have been to the United States.
What is your height? As in, how tall are you?
Out of all the people at your school, who do you like the most?
Tom bought some of the potatoes that Mary was selling.
We're sorry about it.
I've already paid back all the money that I owed Tom.
I thought you lived on Park Street.
Tom couldn't afford a lawyer.
What scares you most?
We still need to buy Tom a birthday present.
I should get back to the hotel now.
You always work hard.
Tom told me there was someone who wanted to see me.
I promise I'll never do that again.
Tom couldn't control his son.
You have to hurry up.
Could Tom really be as busy as he says he is?
I don't think we can afford it now.
The letters Tom wrote to Mary were returned unopened.
You seem happy today.
Tom said he didn't know anything about the robbery.
History is merely repeating itself.
Are you sure you pressed the right button?
Are you sure you pressed the button on the left?
Is the post office open on Sunday?
A hasty hyena bites the horn.
I don't think it is over.
I don't think it is a good investment.
I don't think it's serious - but I thought I'd stop by.
I don't think it's fair to punish me for a mistake I made years ago.
I don't think it's such a crazy thought.
I don't think it's a coded message.
I don't think it gives off the right signals.
I don't think it's incurable.
l know he's stubborn, ill-bred, and what's more, he's crazy.
What do you think of the movie?
My biggest weakness is spending money on shoes.
One of the enemy's goals is capturing the city of Kobanî.
Tom's biggest fear is marrying the wrong girl.
The one thing that Mary hates the most is not being taken seriously.
Have a ball at the ball!
Have fun at the ball!
Enjoy yourself at the ball.
Tom couldn't wait any longer.
You'll never beat me.
Here's a list of things that Tom needs to do.
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen.
It's easy for Tom.
All my books are gone.
Tom looks more friendly today than he usually does.
Free refreshments will be available.
Tom cut himself with a razor.
Can I stay in the car?
I couldn't have done that without Tom's help.
Everything is going to turn out OK.
Tom sold some of the potatoes he had bought to Mary.
Do you blame yourself?
Tom just wanted to make sure that's what you meant.
Every room was searched thoroughly.
Tom decided to call for help.
Don't even mention it.
I spoke to Tom about that just the other day.
Are you going to tell me the truth?
Congratulations to them.
In fact, she lied.
I always say that.
His dog follows him everywhere.
Tom seems to care.
Go ahead and have fun.
Tom finally managed to do what he was trying to do.
A lot of bloggers write in English.
Tom decided to call it quits.
Here are your choices.
I think I'd better do what Tom told me to do.
You could've really hurt yourself.
The only one who knows where Mary is hiding is Tom.
How did you get stuck?
I think Tom would know the answer to that question.
You can't just leave me all alone.
Tom defended himself bravely.
I guess it's all over.
I'll ask Tom to meet us here tomorrow at 2:30.
Work was tougher than usual today.
I know Tom is busy.
I don't read any of the messages that Tom sends me.
We've been waiting here for hours.
Wallowing is an important element of a good life in pigs.
I have bad knees.
Have you ever tried acupuncture?
Tom suffers from chronic back pain.
"I won't eat that." "That's your problem. You'll remain hungry."
Tom did come over that night.
I'll be on my way now.
The only one who knows how to do that is Tom.
We don't have the right equipment.
I think Tom will want to talk to Mary about that.
I'm glad I'm not late.
I don't know Tom well enough to ask him to do that.
We can stay up as late as we want.
Tom died in a train accident.
I'm glad to know that.
Tom is the only one who knows how to do that.
Was everything you just said true?
That's all Tom did.
Is it taking too long?
The children watched TV as Tom was cooking dinner.
Three other soldiers were wounded.
Tom drank the glass of vodka.
Isn't it your day off?
Tom learned to skate when he was thirteen.
This would never happen in Boston.
A hornet is buzzing.
None of the students found the correct answer.
I need to find the keys to my house.
The book is open.
I erred in the calculation.
He is not dependent on his parents.
Damn those New Yorkers; they're taking all our rightful Bostonian jobs.
Tom was sitting next to Maria.
Tom put a cup of coffee in front of Maria.
She wants to wait until the wedding.
Tom doesn't know how computers work.
I can start anytime.
Your son is a happy boy.
Mr. President, what you are doing is treason!
The sentence is not entirely wrong, but not entirely right either.
There is no success without perseverance.
Tom and Mary went to a music festival.
Tom went to an electronic music festival.
Tom went to a classical music festival.
Tom and Mary went to a jazz festival.
Tom and Mary went to a jazz music festival.
Mary went to a medieval music festival.
Tom and Mary went to a medieval gathering.
Tom asked Mary when she was planning to go home.
Isn't this refreshing?
I think we shouldn't tell Tom about what happened.
They have no idea what's going on.
Tom drove to the post office.
It seems unfair to me.
Tom skipped the conference last year as well.
There's no room for anything more.
That's how Tom won.
It was fun to be here.
I think Tom will very likely not be here tomorrow.
The situation is absolutely crazy.
Tom filled out the paperwork.
It's a welcome change.
Everybody wanted to know why Tom quit his job.
The police think I killed my wife.
I asked Tom when he thought Mary would get here.
It's been a nightmare.
All the songs we sang tonight were written by Tom.
The murder weapon was never found.
The project can get underway only with difficulty.
Tom went to Burning Man.
We need to teach him a lesson.
We need to teach her a lesson.
"We need to teach him a lesson." "And how are we going to do that?" "I have an idea."
When I reached the classroom, she was already gone.
Team A won the game against team B.
Team A lost the game against team B.
It took a long time for the child to find Lisa.
At dinner time they stopped for a while to rest and eat.
That doll is scary.
Tom sends more than a hundred text messages a day.
Mary sends more than a hundred text messages per day.
If you go on like this you'll end up like your father.
"Who else would it be?" retorted Larry.
It snowed the whole night. This morning the village children made a snow man. Its nose is a carrot.
Will you make it in time?
It's a big animal.
There's no way I can understand his speech.
Tom got a lot more than that.
Let me carry your bag.
Here's a list of things that Tom needs to buy.
The money involved is substantial.
That's why Tom won.
Let's all go home now.
Tom often reads when his children aren't at home.
The meeting lasted thirty minutes.
Tom grabbed his bag and left.
Let's get to work now.
I know Tom isn't planning to be here tomorrow.
The matter is under investigation.
Tom said that he doesn't know where Mary lives.
My car is being fixed.
Tom is much a much faster runner than I ever was.
The lights automatically turn off.
Tom had a good day at school.
Only one man survived.
I sure hope Tom does what he said he would do.
The investigation is still active.
I can't understand anything he's saying.
I don't understand a word of what he's saying.
I don't like journalists!
Because of hydraulic fracturing, used to extract natural gas, the earthquake risk for Oklahoma his risen exponentially and is now the same as for coastline from Alaska to California.
That's generous of you.
I don't consider them friends.
Tom can swim a lot better than I thought he'd be able to.
I wasn't able to do everything I wanted to do.
Tom told his students that there would be a quiz on Monday.
We think we're very close solving the problem.
Tom had difficulty convincing Mary to go the dance with him.
We won't be able to survive without your help.
Tom meets Mary in the school library two or three times a week.
We've just got to find a way to get this done.
The kind of jokes you tell are very similar to the kind Tom tells.
It'll cost you a lot to furnish your apartment.
The cat is lying under the table.
Turn around and open your eyes.
Turn around and close your eyes.
I know it was you.
Don't leave me alone here.
Please don't go. Don't leave me alone here.
A private security company released attack dogs against hundreds of Native Americans trying to prevent an oil pipeline company from using bulldozers to desecrate the graves of their ancestors.
The dogs drew blood from several protesters, including children, who were then pepper-sprayed in an unsuccessful attempt to drive them away from the construction site. Instead of arresting the security guards, the local police arrested peaceful protesters, some of whom had been bitten by the fierce dogs.
Twelve-year-old Alice Brownotter ran a total distance of nearly twenty-five hundred kilometres from North Dakota to the United States capital to call for more protection of fresh water sources. "Water is life," she said, "and when the oil pipeline under the Missouri River breaks, it will affect everyone."
A noble man by woman's gentle word may oft be led.
Tom has confidence.
Our system is corrupt.
Tom has written several songs about his hometown.
The customer service is excellent.
Tom had a knife in his hands.
Please stop hammering.
Do you think this looks like Tom's handwriting?
That's just absolutely ridiculous.
Tom had difficulty convincing Mary to help him.
Should we do it again?
Tom began skating when he was thirteen years old.
Somebody has broken into my house.
Tom had no idea where he was.
Tell me more about it.
I hope Tom does everything he's promised to do.
Several other people were injured.
Tom was there, too.
Tell us the truth now.
Unfortunately, Tom wasn't wearing a life jacket.
Rush hour traffic will start soon.
Western standard of living in Hungary - but when?
Tom had no problem with that.
That wasn't very good.
I recognized some of the tunes that Tom played.
Rhinos are being illegally killed.
Tom and Mary plan to get married after college.
That's not big enough.
Tom seems to be afraid of just about everything.
Reservations can be made by phone.
Tom had trouble finding work.
The road is all clear.
I think Tom was supposed to do that by himself.
Registration is free but required.
I know Tom is happy.
This isn't fun at all.
Tom said he wouldn't mind sleeping on the floor.
Our university has a good library.
Tom has a bubbly personality.
This wasn't expensive.
I'm pretty sure Tom won't be here this evening.
Our teachers are highly qualified.
It took a long time for the children to find Lisa.
It took us a long time to find Tom.
It took Tom a long time to find Mary.
It took Tom a long time to find Mary's house.
It took Tom a long time to finish his homework.
It took us a long time to get to Boston.
It took me a long time to learn how to do this.
It took me a long time to reach this decision.
It took me a long time to realize that I was doing it the wrong way.
It sure took you a long time to do that.
It took Tom a long time to change the tire.
It took me a long time to figure that out.
It took Mary a long time to choose which dress to wear to the dance.
It took us longer to get here than we expected.
It took us a long time to get here.
It took Tom a long time to get over Mary.
It took me a long time to figure out what the problem was.
It took me a long time to realize I was doing it wrong.
It took me a long time to realize I was doing it the wrong way.
It took us a long time to decide where to eat.
It took us a long time to agree on where to pitch the tent.
It took us a long time to decide where to go.
It took us a long time to decide what to do.
It took my eyes a long time to adjust to the dark.
It took me a long time to understand how this works.
It took me a long time to find a job I like.
It took me a long time to pick out a new pair of glasses.
It took me a long time to find a pair of shoes that fit.
It took us a long time to decide what we really wanted to do.
It took us a long time to decide what we really wanted.
It took us a long time to decide which one to buy.
Next to smoke, don't make someone cry.
Tom is checking his messages.
Mary is checking her messages on her phone.
Can I open my eyes now?
These flowers are a source of nectar for butterflies and honey bees.
We're not officially dating.
Tom gave Mary a shawl for her birthday.
Mary slammed her bedroom door shut.
Mary ran off crying and slammed her bedroom door.
Tom slammed his bedroom door.
Can I speak to you in private?
May I open my eyes now?
I told Tom that I didn't know where Mary lived.
Time is on their side.
Tom lives about thirty minutes from the airport.
Our economy still hasn't improved.
Tom has a safe in his office.
We have the equipment.
It doesn't matter to me, but it matters to Tom.
One person was critically injured.
I know Tom is tired.
We should go this way.
Tom has written several poems about this island.
No other casualties were reported.
Tom has a tough call to make.
We'll give you a ride.
Tom doesn't have enough money to buy a new car.
No officers involved were injured.
Tom isn't as qualified for the job as Mary is.
What a fantastic idea!
Tom does do some goofy things from time to time.
Mormon missionaries work in pairs.
I would react very badly.
I don't joke around.
I don't take life lightly.
I take myself seriously.
We kissed in the dark.
Sunflowers are beautiful flowers.
We don't really have anything to talk about.
We don't really have anything in common.
Mary is a bit small for her age.
Yann ate bread.
This company is building a factory in China.
Most of the work is performed by robots.
As you can see for yourselves, nothing has changed in this town after all these years.
I am serious about music.
I think that Toki Pona is good.
Tom has always been that way.
Where did everyone go?
Tom had all the tools he needed to do that job.
Light refreshments will be served.
I saw Tom on Monday.
Where is the evidence?
The children watched TV while Tom cooked dinner.
Let's put things into perspective.
Tom has very broad shoulders.
Will that really work?
Tom has asked me to come to his house tomorrow.
It's possible that that'll happen.
Tom told me that he hadn't seen Mary all day.
You were overdoing it.
I agree with everything Tom said at the meeting.
It's about time for us to go home.
Tom held the knife like this.
You're not in trouble.
We'll probably never know what happened to Tom.
It was hard for me to say goodbye.
You live for but a day, a mere blink of the eye in the sands of time.
In the middle of the table stood a vase of roses.
Why are we the way that we are?
Our team needs your help.
You're really awesome.
We still need Tom's help.
It sounds like everyone is asleep.
We now know that Tom was lying.
All the lights were on.
We should've helped Tom more.
It seems like you know everything.
We shouldn't have tried to help Tom.
Are you free right now?
We're getting ready for Tom's visit.
It didn't take a really long time.
We still don't know why Tom isn't here.
Are you ready for that?
We all thought Tom would be here tonight.
It didn't really take a long time.
I'm not going to reveal their secrets.
Do you speak Talossan?
The upholstered chairs have not held up very well over time.
Many people died.
You know that's wrong, right?
You kiss like a fish.
Though the fact has been denied again and again, the word "edzino", which means "wife" in Esperanto, has its roots in Yiddish.
What's wrong with my kissing technique?
You need to improve your kissing technique.
Let's do a little exercise.
It's important that you practice every day.
Tom has tiny hands.
Tom is a bad kisser.
Will you still be here when I come back?
I wouldn't want it any other way.
Tom is an immigration lawyer.
Tom and Mary moved in together to save money on rent.
I haven't played this game before.
I thought this was just going to be another boring day at the office.
I thought it was just going to be another boring day at school.
I must go back to my planet now.
You should have said yes.
I should have said yes.
Tom should have said yes.
He will not escape punishment.
Game is very tasty.
This election campaign is going to be a hellish mix of vituperative venom, as nasty as a fraternity house bathroom on New Year's Eve.
We need to do better than that.
We can do better than that.
I've brought you a gift.
Nothing in the world is worth having or worth doing unless it means effort, pain, difficulty.
We shouldn't expect too much help from Tom.
Aren't you going to go?
We need to finish this before Tom gets here.
Is that the car you told me about?
We plan to help Tom paint the barn tomorrow.
Don't you have to work?
We really thought Tom would be here tonight.
Investing in stocks involves risk.
We want to go back to Boston to visit Tom again.
Everybody was clapping.
We need to find out what time Tom will be arriving.
I'll catch up with you guys later.
We still don't know why Tom didn't do what we asked him to do.
Everybody was confused.
We're waiting for Tom to finish doing what we asked him to do.
Their fight is nothing but an alpha male pissing contest.
This book has lots of pretty picures.
Marie can trust Tom.
He doesn't want to see the truth.
She has won the regard of the other scientists in her field.
I have a question regarding your earlier comments.
Would you please show some regard for others?
They called John "King John".
We need to do better than this.
The kids like to roughhouse with each other.
A child is going to a school.
He always had a zany sense of humor.
Recognition of the inherent dignity and of the equal and inalienable rights of all members of the human family is the foundation of freedom, justice and peace in the world.
It is a dream come true.
Disregard and contempt for human rights have resulted in barbarous acts which have outraged the conscience of mankind, and the advent of a world in which human beings shall enjoy freedom of speech and belief and freedom from fear and want has been proclaimed as the highest aspiration of the common people.
May I ask who's speaking?
Oh, if only that were true!
It is a dive bar.
"How are we gonna find the princess with the power going out?" "Well, maybe there's a switch in one of the rooms." "How are we gonna find the switch in one of the rooms with the power going out?" "...Uh, I dunno."
I think it helps to learn to pronounce words.
What kind of music?
It is essential, if man is not to be compelled to have recourse, as a last resort, to rebellion against tyranny and oppression, that human rights should be protected by the rule of law.
What is life like where you live?
We're excited.
Tom gave Mary a book.
There is a cure.
Mary lost her purse.
I second that.
Tom wanted to stay in Boston for a few more days, but he had to get back to Chicago.
Who'd buy this?
Tom got back at 2:30.
You need to move.
Tom hates dogs.
Get well soon.
Tom probably won't live long enough to see his daughter get married.
It'll burn.
Tom got home at 2:30.
Skating is fun.
They call me Tom.
We were afraid.
Tom said that he wanted to talk to you about something important.
They need to go.
Tom had a nice smile.
This product comes with a five-year warranty.
When I tried to speak to her, I was always too nervous to do more than stammer or say something stupid.
He is markedly honest.
Better the bitter truth than a sweet lie.
Tom built this app in his spare time.
She's in a good mood.
He's in a good mood.
Mary is in a good mood today.
I can't read here. What bothers me is the light which is too bright.
I tried to hide my disappointment.
Look around you. What do you see?
I don't know what I expected.
Let me take your coat.
She was surprised to see him.
He was surprised to see her.
I'm not in love with Tom anymore.
"I'm not in love with Tom anymore." "Are you sure?"
"Tom is not in love with me." "Are you sure?"
I'm not in love with him. We're just good friends.
You're more beautiful than ever.
He took her in his arms and hugged her.
Tom took Mary in his arms and hugged her.
Mary took Tom in her arms and hugged him.
Have I told you how beautiful you are?
You are more beautiful than any woman I've ever known.
She was more beautiful than any woman he had ever seen.
Do you really believe those stories?
You don't really believe all those stories, do you?
I had no friends except for Tom.
I had no friends except for Mary.
You're a better liar than I thought.
She's a better liar than I thought.
Tom is a much better liar than I thought.
I tried my best.
Is Tom fat?
May I stay here?
Tom has asked me to meet him at his office tomorrow at 2:30.
You can't buy that.
Tom has a nice voice.
God bless you.
Mary is a lucky girl.
It'll heal.
Tom had a pretty good excuse for not being here yesterday.
Swimming is fun.
Tom has a rich uncle.
We need capital.
Tom kissed me.
This was a gift.
Tom reads the newspaper on the train on his way to work.
I rarely eat out.
Tom has a sharp mind.
Who should I ask?
You all need Tom.
Who are you, and what have you done with my TV?
Simplicity is a virtue.
I hope you won't tell anyone you saw me leave this house.
He's living a miserable life.
The scent of flowers almost makes me drunk.
Besides the piano, can you play any other instruments?
We like it when others' mistakes are pointed out, but not when ours are.
I'm sorry, I was distracted.
I'm not a Liechtensteiner, but a Swiss.
German is Lichtenstein's official language.
His grandfather is a native Liechtensteiner.
We had a picnic by the river.
We had a picnic in the backyard.
Tom watched a movie on a portable DVD player.
This car has more than a hundred horsepower.
You can't buy this.
Tom wrote a short story about a young girl and her dog.
Act like adults.
Tom has a soft voice.
It'll break.
I hope Tom comes.
My dog has fleas.
Tom waited for thirty minutes. Mary waited even longer.
We aren't always right.
Tom has a warm heart.
That's bad karma.
Mary is a smart girl.
I want an answer.
Tom is the only person I know who drinks imported beer.
Why take chances?
Tom has acted wisely.
You can't prove it.
Tom has a Ford.
Change is needed.
Tom worked at the restaurant that Mary's father owned.
Apple's new iPhone doesn't have a headphone jack.
I wonder what it tastes like.
I wonder what it looks like.
I wonder what it sounds like.
Mary works the lunch shift.
I was in love once.
It'll be hot.
Tom has enough money.
Watch your speed.
I sat next to Tom.
We had a bad day.
Tom wanted to hug Mary, but he knew that he shouldn't.
This game is fun.
Tom hates air travel.
I work on a farm.
Is Tom your name?
Will that change?
Tom said he was looking forward to coming to visit us.
You won't enjoy it.
Tom helped Mary, too.
Check your facts.
Mary lost an earring.
It'll be scary.
Tom took out some coins and gave them to the old man.
What a crazy day!
Tom hoped to succeed.
The police tried to separate the two hostile gangs.
Tom's dog is well-trained.
Vladimir Putin said he had not been misquoted but mistranslated when he had characterized an American presidential nominee as “flamboyant.” A British newspaper had incorrectly translated that word as “brilliant”, and that report misled the candidate into assuming the Russian president had meant brilliant in an intellectual sense — a mistake the paper later corrected.
The heroin isn't a good thing, stay away from it!
The other people are idiots!
A genie appeared when Aladdin rubbed the magic lamp.
Do we see reality as it really is?
We all evolved from fish.
The human eye is like a camera.
Is reality really real?
Are ghosts real?
The sun sank below the horizon that evening in a blaze of ruby and gold.
When Mr. Hiram B. Otis bought Canterville Chase, every one told him he was doing a very foolish thing, as there was no doubt at all that the place was haunted.
We are blind to our own blindness.
We're blind to our blindness.
This really blew my mind.
This book really blew my mind.
This isn't as crazy as it sounds.
This isn't as crazy as it seems.
This isn't as crazy as you think.
This isn't as crazy as you may think.
Don't slump.
Don't slump in your chair.
Sit with your back straight and your shoulders back.
Sit up with your back straight.
We were all busy.
Tom slapped me.
This is so funny.
Tom cut down the tree that was in front of his house.
I'm the boss now.
Tom is a bit jealous.
Could that change?
People blamed Tom.
You're real heroes.
Tom sang better today than I've ever heard him sing.
Gold isn't cheap.
Tom is a food critic.
It won't happen.
Who did Tom bite?
Stop being a baby.
Tom said he needed to get up early tomorrow morning.
We might even win.
Tom is a ghostwriter.
That isn't French.
Mary ironed her skirt.
Tom suffered a concussion.
During the presentation the speaker talked mainly about gender inequality.
Tom had a concussion.
The SS Star of the North was a large schooner-rigged cargo steamer, strongly built of iron in watertight compartments, and of nearly two thousand horsepower.
Throughout the day the weather had looked more than threatening.
I was in a few of the pictures.
Lady Canterville often got very little sleep at night, in consequence of the mysterious noises that came from the corridor and the library.
I fear that the ghost exists. It has been well known for three centuries, since in fact, and always makes its appearance before the death of any member of our family.
There is no such thing, sir, as a ghost.
If you don't mind a ghost in the house, it is all right. Only you must remember I warned you.
Miss Virginia E. Otis was a little girl of fifteen, lithe and lovely as a fawn.
I'm earning money.
The corpus callosum connects the right and left parts of the brain.
Little squirrels peered at them from the beech-trees as they went by, and the rabbits scudded away through the brushwood and over the mossy knolls, with their white tails in the air.
It was a lovely July evening, and the air was delicate with the scent of the pinewoods.
A great flight of rooks passed silently over their heads.
The sky became suddenly overcast with clouds.
Standing on the steps to receive them was an old woman, neatly dressed in black silk, with a white cap and apron.
It is the blood of Lady Eleanore de Canterville, who was murdered on that very spot by her own husband, Sir Simon de Canterville, in 1575.
He disappeared suddenly under very mysterious circumstances.
His spirit still haunts the manor.
His body has never been discovered.
The blood-stain cannot be removed.
That is all nonsense.
"I have seen things with my own eyes, sir," she said, "that would make any Christian's hair stand on end, and many and many a night I have not closed my eyes in sleep for the awful things that are done here."
The storm raged fiercely all that night.
Mr. Otis was awakened by a curious noise in the corridor, outside his room. It sounded like the clank of metal, and seemed to be coming nearer every moment.
He got up at once, struck a match, and looked at the time. It was exactly one o'clock.
His eyes were as red burning coals; long grey hair fell over his shoulders in matted coils; his garments, which were of antique cut, were soiled and ragged, and from his wrists and ankles hung heavy manacles and rusty gyves.
The second appearance of the ghost was on Sunday night.
Shortly after they had gone to bed they were suddenly alarmed by a fearful crash in the hall.
A large suit of old armour had become detached from its stand, and had fallen on the stone floor.
Towards evening a violent storm of rain came on, and the wind was so high that all the windows and doors in the old house shook and rattled.
The raven croaked from the old yew-tree.
The wind wandered moaning round the house like a lost soul.
Virginia rode about the lanes on her pony, accompanied by the young Duke of Cheshire.
I found out he was seeing someone else at the same time.
Far away beyond the pine-woods, there is a little garden. There the grass grows long and deep, there are the great white stars of the hemlock flower, there the nightingale sings all night long. All night long he sings, and the cold crystal moon looks down, and the yew-tree spreads out its giant arms over the sleepers.
He looks a bit fat.
Virginia's eyes grew dim with tears, and she hid her face in her hands.
"You mean the Garden of Death," she whispered.
Death must be so beautiful. To lie in the soft brown earth, with the grasses waving above one's head, and listen to silence. To have no yesterday, and no tomorrow. To forget time, to forget life, to be at peace.
I'm pretty tired from last night.
She felt as if she was in a terrible dream.
Then the ghost spoke again, and his voice sounded like the sighing of the wind.
Have you ever read the old prophecy on the library window?
You will see fearful shapes in darkness, and wicked voices will whisper in your ear, but they will not harm you, for against the purity of a little child the powers of Hell cannot prevail.
I have enjoyed reading this novel a lot.
Suddenly she stood up, very pale, and with a strange light in her eyes.
"I am not afraid," she said firmly, "and I will ask the angel to have mercy on you."
About ten minutes later, the bell rang for tea.
Right after the accident, I was in a state of shock.
"What an angel you are!" cried the young Duke, and he put his arm round her neck, and kissed her.
Do you want cheese in your eggs?
The hearse was drawn by eight black horses.
The leaden coffin was covered by a rich purple pall, on which was embroidered in gold the Canterville coat-of-arms.
Do you always listen to my phone calls?
Since when do you listen to my phone calls?
A deep grave had been dug in the corner of the churchyard, just under the old yew-tree.
The accident was a traumatizing experience.
I can't picture you traumatized.
These gems are of great monetary worth, and if offered for sale would fetch a tall price.
Mary was enraged when she found out about the baby.
I can't fathom why somebody would make something like that up.
What are we dealing with here?
They were both so charming, and they loved each other so much, that every one was delighted at the match.
Virginia, a wife should have no secrets from her husband.
Dear Cecil! I have no secrets from you.
Please don't ask me, Cecil, I cannot tell you.
He made me see what Life is, and what Death signifies, and why Love is stronger than both.
The Duke rose and kissed his wife lovingly.
You can have your secret as long as I have your heart.
"Guess what happened to me today!" "Don't tell me; you found a coin on the ground." "Yes! How did you know?" "That's what you always tell me after you say that."
It seems that we are fresh out of tea.
I finally received the call I had been waiting for for weeks.
Ken has memorized a large number of Japanese songs.
Maybe it would be better not to talk too much about the past.
It's as if I had always known how it all was going to end.
That lacks subtlety.
Wouldn't it be a better idea to cancel everything?
The government ordered their destruction thirty years ago.
She lives on the ground floor.
I'm working on the grammar.
I heard that recently a good pastry shop opened in the vicinity of the stadium.
Maria sings as off-key as a cat.
The ghost has been seen by several living members of my family, as well as by the rector of the parish, the Rev. Augustus Dampier, who is a fellow of King's College, Cambridge.
He was wonderfully good-looking, with his crisp brown hair, his clear-cut profile, and his grey eyes.
He was as popular with men as he was with women, and he had every accomplishment except that of making money.
To make matters worse, he was in love.
The girl he loved was Laura Merton, the daughter of a retired Colonel who had lost his temper and his digestion in India, and had never found either of them again.
Laura adored him, and he was ready to kiss her shoe-strings.
They were the handsomest couple in London, and had not a penny-piece between them.
The Colonel was very fond of Hughie, but would not hear of any engagement.
When he took up the brush he was a real master, and his pictures were eagerly sought after.
The only people a painter should know are people who are bête and beautiful, people who are an artistic pleasure to look at and an intellectual repose to talk to.
Men who are dandies and women who are darlings rule the world, at least they should do so.
'My dear boy,' said Trevor, smiling, 'that old beggar, as you call him, is one of the richest men in Europe. He could buy all London tomorrow without overdrawing his account. He has a house in every capital, dines off gold plate, and can prevent Russia going to war when he chooses.'
The old man you saw today in the studio was Baron Hausberg. He is a great friend of mine, buys all my pictures and that sort of thing, and gave me a commission a month ago to paint him as a beggar.
An old gentleman with gold spectacles and grey hair came into the room, and said, in a slight French accent, 'Have I the honour of addressing Monsieur Erskine?'
He's already drunk three cups of coffee.
It was the night before the day fixed for his coronation, and the young King was sitting alone in his beautiful chamber.
Tom uploaded a video on YouTube.
How many children can a woman bear?
Many a bargain is missed for lack of money.
A breech birth means that the baby is born buttocks or feet first.
The children played blind man's buff.
If you accept gay marriage ten years after it became the law of the land, you are not avant garde, you are a laggard.
Legal immigrants to Canada are classified as permanent residents; they may later become citizens.
I agreed to do it.
Tom didn't marry the girl his parents wanted him to.
Where do you park?
Tom is a goal keeper.
You're wrong again.
Tom likes fruit.
Let's ignore that.
Tom, Mary, John, Alice and I used to sing together.
It's not normal.
Tom is a little pale.
Yes, you're right.
Please go with Tom.
We were all wrong.
Tom said he had to be with his family on Christmas.
That soon changed.
Tom is a tree hugger.
I think we did OK.
Who did Tom save?
Why did I do this?
Tom said he didn't know what he was supposed to do.
If the devil is powerless, he sends his wife.
We had so many good times together.
We had so many good times.
And why is that topic of interest?
And why is that an interesting subject?
Unfortunately, I'm not much of a dancer.
"There will be live music at the picnic." "What kind of music?"
Sadly, I'm not a very good dancer.
I just did what Tom told me to do.
I just did what she told me to do.
I just did what my boss told me to do.
You've got to move.
Tom is eating a pear.
Everybody knows me.
Mary is not my sister.
It's not pretty.
Tom is the best high school catcher I've ever seen.
My coach helped me.
Tom is making a copy.
We won't use that.
Tom looked wise.
That's just awful.
Tom said he needed to get rid of a bunch of stuff.
I won't back down.
Tom is quite a catch.
Should I help them?
We're proud of Tom.
You've got to wait.
Tom is a janitor at the school where Mary teaches.
Best of luck to you.
Tom is still a minor.
For the new year, Liu's company gives every employee a bag of flour.
Do you have any kind of alibi?
I just did what Tom asked me to do.
I just did what you asked me to do.
I just did what she asked me to do.
I just did what the boss asked me to do.
I just did what you told me to do.
I just did what they told me to do.
It was very cool.
Does Tom like tea?
What a nice family!
Tom finished eating breakfast before Mary woke up.
We're all retired.
Tom isn't doing well.
That's my fiancé.
Mary lost her handbag.
I'd love to do it.
Tom seems to like the same kind of music as Mary.
What does that say?
Tom jimmied the lock.
You have a good plan.
Tom looks stern.
Chivalry isn't dead.
Tom knows a lot of professional baseball players.
It was very ugly.
Tom joined our group.
What a total idiot!
What'll I tell Tom?
I am Jack.
I'm Jack.
Do not correct a fool, or he will hate you. Correct a wise man and he will appreciate you.
We're not healthy.
Tom didn't say how many people were at his party.
The money is gone.
Tom leapt out of bed.
I'm still dubious.
Maybe Tom is busy.
What'll it be like?
Tom was unwilling to do what we asked him to do.
You can go back to bed.
Tom lent Mary a book.
Do your own research.
Mary wore a red dress.
It's frightening.
Tom was about to go out when it started to rain.
Yeah, you're right.
Tom licked the spoon.
We've been warned.
Tom lost a book.
That isn't complex.
Tom should've stayed in Boston for another week.
The Olympic Games are staged every four years.
She lives in a small town in the interior.
He lives in a small town in the hinterlands.
In the Lithuanian township of Veisiejai, he was present at the death of a little girl. A raging fever consumed her. The unhappy mother almost went crazy with sorrow. For months afterwards he would hear her continual tears and wailing. He decided to leave general practice and to specialize as an oculist.
My aunt’s house is old. It was previously a farmstead, but its location is now in a suburban part of town. However, the garden surrounding it still imparts a rural appearance.
Around the town's perimeter, the residents constructed a wall with four gates. Through the gates, roads led east, south, west and north.
That's all nonsense.
The blood stain can't be removed.
Tom should've said yes.
We offer everyone the opportunity to toil in the mines.
I'm not sure if that'll help.
I can't sing very well.
Newspapers peddle disaster scenarios.
Tom and Mary are circulating the photos on the Internet.
I think it's awful, that they're spreading rumors.
What's life like where you live?
You shouldn't lie.
We've eaten.
I've gained weight recently.
Tom likes adventures.
What'll that solve?
Do you not like Tom?
You can't buy that now.
Tom planted three apple trees in his front yard.
Don't buy that book.
Tom likes eating out.
It was poison gas.
That's Tom's book.
Yes, we can change.
Tom has enough money to buy everything he wants.
We aren't bluffing.
Tom lives in his car.
That isn't correct.
Mary can sew very well.
I enjoyed doing it.
Tom has enough money to buy everything he needs.
What'll we call it?
Tom loved Mary a lot.
I enjoy warm weather, but this heat is too much for me!
One should brush one's teeth every day.
You should brush your teeth after every meal.
You did an amazing job.
Tom sang softly.
Don't go over there.
Tom stayed at one of the hotels on Park Street.
It was still warm.
Tom loved the change.
Maybe it's bad luck.
We argue every day.
Tom is still very traumatized by what happened.
That isn't too bad.
Tom made a wisecrack.
I felt it was fair.
This car is Tom's.
What's a stem cell?
Tom is only a few centimeters taller than Mary.
You're on your own now.
Tom made this happen.
Don't hurt yourself.
Mary is kind of pretty.
Why is there so much violence in the world?
Do you want me to believe this?
How many times must I say no?
How many times do I have to say no?
Tom cut the cake in half.
Tom and Mary used to be sweethearts.
Swimming is good for one's health.
They used to be sweethearts back in high school.
Tom didn't know how to control himself.
Ten tame goats pull ten hundredweights of sugar to Zurich main station.
I have never seen an animal as tame as a turtle.
Tom wants to learn to speak fluent German.
My sister pulled my hair.
Stop pulling your sister's hair.
When are you planning on getting married?
Do you speak Greek?
He won gold in the competition.
They are examining him from top to bottom.
Tom still doesn't have much experience as a professor.
You must help your friends.
You have to help your friends.
The train is supposed to arrive in ten minutes.
Why are you learning a foreign language?
It's a nice break.
Tom has helped us to make some tough decisions.
Maybe it's not fair.
Tom may have said so.
We didn't run away.
Tom sings tenor.
That ought to help.
Tom has gone on dates with both Mary and Alice.
I have a good life.
Tom must be innocent.
What's next for us?
Happy New Year, Tom.
You can delete that now.
Tom will be sleeping by the time we get there.
Everyone's doing it.
Tom needs discipline.
It's exhilarating.
This is Tom's bag.
Maybe it's worth it.
Tom said he'd be willing to try something new.
Tom wants to learn to speak fluent French.
The rebels attacked him there.
I do believe that you are suspicious of me.
Ann won't be coming to our party.
Anne won't be coming to our party.
Tom doesn't respect Mary's opinion.
Do you find me repulsive?
I'll take it if you don't mind.
Tom won't be coming to our party.
Tom won't be at our party.
Why are you out here all alone?
Tom fought bravely.
Tom is a brave warrior.
I know you would do the same for me.
"There must be something wrong with me." "Why do you say that?"
There must be something wrong with me.
"Do you find me repulsive?" "No, not all."
"Do you find me repulsive?" "No, of course not."
Tom is a head taller than me.
Tom is about a head taller than me.
Tom is at least a head taller than me.
The cat that couldn't reach the sausage says, "In any case it's Friday".
He didn't come, because he was sick.
We cannot depend on this report.
This word is hard to translate.
This word is difficult to translate.
In this place where empire and exploration meet, for every mystery we reveal, far more must remain unspoken.
A walk before breakfast is exhilarating.
He took an exhilarating walk.
He took an exhilarating walk along the riverside.
He took a refreshing walk along the riverside.
He took a vitalizing walk along the riverside.
There are no two words with the same meaning.
There are no two words with an identical meaning.
We got there early.
Tom needs to go away.
That was all right.
Mary is my half-sister.
I love Mary's hair.
Tom asked me why I was wearing a coat and tie.
What's your intent?
Tom never tells lies.
You can't leave me here.
Tom stood me up.
Food is running low.
Tom pays rent on the first day of every month.
It's quite a mess.
Tom noticed a change.
My camera is broken.
Hold me closer, Tom.
We have more to do.
Tom would've succeeded if he'd worked harder.
That's how life is.
Tom opened the cages.
Tom took an exhilarating walk round the lake.
My mind could not believe what my eyes were seeing.
Look at everything as though you were seeing it either for the first or last time. Then your time on earth will be filled with glory.
In the late 1950's, my mother wanted to buy a bottle of rum, and the clerk at the Ontario liquor store asked her, whether she had a note from her husband.
Tom likes watching documentaries about aliens.
Tom knew almost everyone in the audience.
I love coming here.
What'll Tom think?
Who made the rules?
Tom and Mary climbed the mountain in the rain.
You're hiccupping again.
Tom picked up a coin.
Food is running out.
Mary has beautiful eyes.
It's so nice here.
Tom was only thirteen years old at that time.
Tom refused to do so.
We have to move on.
Tom was bullied.
That's no surprise.
Tom told me that he saw someone kissing Mary.
I made Mary a doll.
Tom roomed with John.
Why did you hit me?
I dreamed about Tom.
I'm glad Mary isn't my wife.
Life is ten percent what happens to you and ninety percent how you respond to it.
When you feel anger - just don't react.
You're not very polite.
Tom isn't very polite, is he?
The total includes tax.
My parents live outside the city.
We've waited long enough.
All right, that's enough.
How many other girls have you said that to?
Tom took a walk through the garden.
Tom and Mary took a walk through the garden.
When I read about the untranslatability of some language, I feel an irresistable urge to go back to my desk and translate another novel.
The bunny jumped over the dog.
Today I have an Esperanto class.
Of course I totally agree with you that something should be done about that, but I don't know to what extent your plan is realistic.
Not a great deal of energy is required for keeping a free moving pendulum in a state of oscillation.
I have something here that I want to show you.
I would like to share a short story with you.
The truth is sometimes submerged, but it doesn't drown.
That will be possible.
Let us daydream!
What is enough?
Who is sick?
Choose a word.
Don't stop!
They were inappropriately speaking their native language instead of Esperanto.
What did Tom answer?
Tomorrow I will harvest grapes.
Winter is finally coming.
We will be six.
The printer broke down.
Dress warmly!
Suzana needs an antidepressant.
He is afraid of cats.
I shouldn't gossip.
She talks very loud.
I slept very badly.
You're too beautiful.
I don't know whether it's going to work.
I get the impression that Tom is in love with you.
You're home early today.
Tom told me a really funny joke this morning.
Go outside and play.
Tom runs the fastest.
It's still a mess.
Who did Tom fight?
Nobody's doing that.
Tom sells vegetables on the side of the road.
We need to move on.
Tom says you're cute.
That's not complex.
Mary is a patient woman.
I read the message.
Tom probably won't do what we want him to do.
Are all swans white?
Tom slept in the car.
You make me very nervous.
Tom wears a wig.
Here's another idea.
Tom played basketball when he was in college.
Tom stores most of his data in the cloud.
Accidents happen every day in this sport.
When Tom met Mary he knew he'd met the love of his life.
All the men in Tom's family are bald.
Tom's as bald as a badger, but he had a full head of hair when he was young.
Are there any ATMs around here?
Is this credit card accepted internationally?
Does this credit card work internationally?
Can I use this credit card internationally?
Can this credit card be used internationally?
In the movie, "The Good Earth", the American actress Agnes Moorehead played the part of a Chinese woman, which would be criticized today as representing cultural appropriation.
I don't think any of you realize the importance of this.
I don't think any of you realize the significance of this.
Such considerations ultimately had no effect on their final decision.
Geopolitically, it was an unwise move, but the government proceeded with it nevertheless. It soon became clear that this was a terrible mistake.
Notwithstanding the objections made by some of the corporations party to this arbitration, the committee has decided to remunerate the victims of the accident, as well as cover any medical expenses they may incur.
I forgot to buy a gift for you.
The internet is one of mankind's greatest achievements. Now, if you'll excuse me, I'm off to post a photo of my cat on my blog.
It's unacceptable.
Tom speaks no French.
Now I agree with you.
My sister likes Tom.
We think it's fair.
Tom may have said that, but I don't think so.
That's not correct.
Tom stood up to sing.
I was almost naked.
Who does Tom like?
Do you want massage?
Tom is the one who has to make that decision.
You ought to know better.
Tom stuck to his job.
Leave the lights on.
Mary is a single mother.
It didn't feel bad.
Tom is probably the best singer in our class.
People can be cruel.
Tom took a short cut.
Most fast food restaurants serve American food like fries and burgers, but some serve more exotic food from places like China and Mexico.
Tom may have said that, but I don't think he did.
We waited too long.
That's not too bad.
Tom and Mary haven't done their homework yet.
I was glad to help.
Tom vacuumed his car.
Isn't that your job?
We want to find Tom.
You're a horrible singer.
Tom and Mary had their first child in Boston.
Both men were killed.
Tom wanted a bicycle.
It was a rough day.
I love Tom so much.
People depend on me.
Tom and I have taken a lot of trips together.
We were both tired.
Tom wanted me to lie.
That's quite a bit.
Mary is really gorgeous.
Even if I had enough money, I wouldn't buy one of those.
I wouldn't buy one of those even if I had enough money.
Now I am thirsty.
Only an utter narcissist could say, mere hours after the coordinated attacks of September 11th, 2001: "My building was the second-tallest in Lower Manhattan, and now it’s the tallest."
The sumo wrestler’s record is one win and five losses.
Akebono was born in Hawaii but for fifteen years was a professional in Japanese sumo. At over two metres tall, he towers over the other athletes and weighs an astonishing two hundred and thirty-five kilograms.
Akebono was victorious eleven times as a yokozuna, the highest rank in sumo, and lost thirteen times. The Japanese name he chose means "daybreak."
You want to know about sumo? Here's the champion. Even if all six of us attacked him at once, we would lose. If he hit you, your neck would break. If he were to sit on you, you would die. That's how strong he is.
Why is this thing expensive?
Mary thought the smaller okra pods would be excellent for boiling. The larger ones she would reserve for frying a few days later.
In Thailand it is a criminal offence to defame or insult the king, princes or previous kings. Accusations of lèse-majesté are sometimes supported by the flimsiest or even nonexistent evidence, and those convicted have been sentenced to as much as sixty years in prison.
Tom replenished the water for his pet goldfinch and made sure there was an adequate supply of thistle seeds and sunflower seeds in the bird's food tray.
"One Hundred Years of Solitude" is considered the most important work of Spanish literature since "Don Quixote."
I was ready for it.
Tom wouldn't let me look at his photo album.
Should I sell these?
Tom wants a new coat.
You're an absolute idiot.
Tom behaved well.
Bring your kids, too.
Tom will never find out about what happened.
It was a tough day.
Tom was a bookkeeper.
Pitching isn't easy.
His real name is Tom.
We were both wrong.
Tom should be able to get it done by Monday.
That's really hard.
Tom was born in 2013.
I was really angry.
What did Tom build?
Do you have a sister?
Tom works at the school where Mary teaches.
Tradition holds that writing first appeared in the Sumerian period, three and a half millennia before the common era.
For more than eight hundred years now, German settlers, mainly from the region of the Moselle and Rhine, have lived in Transylvania under the rule of Hungarian kings, the Habsburg empire and Ceaușescu’s communism.
She's wearing a white cotton shirt.
In this case, there are a lot of factors at play.
Did Ken beat you up?
Was Tom the one who beat you up?
Was it Tom who beat you up?
Who beat you up?
Is this a wig or a wiglet?
Tom tried to compose himself.
Mary tried to compose herself.
He seemed nervous.
She seemed nervous.
I won't go so easy on you next time.
Tom tried to make sure that everyone had a good time at the party.
I always try to make sure that everyone feels welcome.
Tom tried to make sure that every employee was treated with respect.
I tried to make sure that everyone had fun.
I tried to make sure that everyone was entertained.
You're like an old woman.
Tom was just amazing.
Don't buy that stuff.
Mary doesn't wear makeup.
It'll be very hard.
Tom wants to know what caused the accident.
Please listen to us.
Tom wasn't even hurt.
We'll all miss you.
Tom bought a dog.
That's tough to do.
Tom says you may not need to come tomorrow.
I was very pleased.
Tom wastes his money.
How was last weekend?
You can tell me the truth.
Tom looks like he's put on a little weight.
French is spoken here.
Tom went in my place.
He was wearing long boots.
It'll never change.
What did Tom paint?
Put on some clothes.
Tom isn't the only one who thinks that way.
We'll be home soon.
Tom went there alone.
That's what I hope.
Mary is a stubborn woman.
I'd advise caution.
Tom hasn't done anything he shouldn't have.
Is Boston a big city?
Tom will notify Mary.
You have to stay hydrated.
Tom came at dawn.
Get down on the ground.
Tom flosses his teeth several times a week.
It'll rain tonight.
Tom will wait for it.
Roller skating is fun.
What'll you tell Tom?
Am I Jewish?
I'm glad to see that today is such a beautiful day.
I'll give you the same amount of chili to eat.
I'm regularly feeling down in the dumps.
You will see it, when you believe it.
Change the way you see things, and the things you see will change.
If you believe it will work out, you'll see opportunities. If you believe it won't, you will see obstacles.
See the light in others, and treat them as if that is all you see.
How people treat you is their karma; how you react is yours.
Change the way you look at things, and the things you look at change.
Elefen is a special language. It can be written with both the Latin and Cyrillic alphabet.
Virtually nothing is impossible in this world if you just put your mind to it and maintain a positive attitude.
The Mayans abandoned many of their cities.
The abandoned city was swallowed by the jungle.
He never forgets his money.
I despise this music.
All human beings are born free and equal. They are endowed with reason and conscience and should act towards one another in a spirit of brotherhood.
We'll get it fixed.
Tom finished the bottle of wine by himself.
Tom won a gold medal.
I don't hate anyone.
What's your username?
Tom can do a lot of things that I can't do.
You know that's the truth.
Tom won't get scared.
Just tell us the truth.
Mary is a very nice girl.
It'll soon be dark.
Tom and Mary live in Boston with their son.
Maybe I drink too much.
Tom wouldn't help us.
We'll look at that.
Tom came with me.
That's what I wish.
Tom washes his hair without using shampoo.
Can you see the stars tonight?
What did that tramp ask you for?
Wait here until we get back.
I know that he's Tom.
Near us a multicoloured goldfinch drank from the water of the stream.
They offered their sincere apologies.
Pardon the intrusion. My apologies for being late for our meeting.
It hasn't rained now for several hours.
That was two days ago.
Tomorrow I will pick grapes.
Delete this comment.
Just go ahead!
If there's no lightning, there'll be no thunder either.
Truth doesn't perish at sea, but it often takes a long time to find an anchorage.
We can't satisfy everyone.
We're extremely concerned.
We need to be paid more.
Tom didn't get up early enough.
They're our brothers.
There are no cops around.
Tom carried out the plan.
It'll cost about thirty dollars to repair it.
This is what Tom would do.
There were no seats left.
Tom is a little angry at Mary.
We've worked so hard.
Tom caught a large trout.
There's only one way out.
Tom has three cows.
I'm sorry I made you worry.
Tom is a dedicated family man.
This has to be the truth.
Tom comes from the north.
We aren't competitive.
We want Tom to get better.
This is the storage room.
Tom is a deacon in his church.
I've got a package for you.
Tom confessed everything.
That doesn't belong to us.
Tom helped me, too.
We can do all of that.
Tom is a boy at Mary's school.
That store closed in 2013.
Tom did it for the money.
I didn't recognize that guy.
Who did Tom run away with?
That topic comes up often.
Tom is Mary's current husband.
Cash this paycheck at the bank.
I'm the one who picked those flowers.
We're adding new sentences to Tatoeba.
Knowledge is nothing; imagination is everything.
The chainsaw you bought doesn't work.
This morning we went for a lovely stroll around this part of the mountain.
As a child, I loved picking peaches in my grandfather's garden.
Eduardo is from Ecuador. He's an Ecuadorian.
I don't intend to tell you anything.
I'd like to bring that.
Tom was carrying a heavy backpack.
The woman is very beautiful. When she passes, men are enthralled by her beauty.
We do the best we can.
Tom didn't understand me.
That was the wrong answer.
Tom is a funny man.
I expected better than this.
Tom hoped Mary could help him.
That woman's name is Mary.
Tom died from his wounds.
We do things together.
Does Tom have a dictionary?
The cops are on their way.
Tom helped us paint the fence.
I have to get there quickly.
Tom died of asphyxiation.
The door was already open.
Tom is a happy boy.
We don't want to lose.
Tom hasn't decided what to do.
The kids are disappointed.
Tom died of tuberculosis.
About two-thirds of the Earth's oxygen is produced by phytoplankton.
The greatest shortcoming of the human race is our inability to understand the exponential function.
Mary uses a paper filter to strain coffee.
I just can't resist chocolate.
Behind the house there is a brick oven for baking bread.
Tom raised his glass of wine to watch the beautiful red color against the light.
Mary does not like odd numbers.
No one is able to run as fast as Tom.
This book is not dedicated to anyone.
Say it in Russian!
Say it in Hungarian!
I just did what I always do.
How does Tom get to school?
The pain hasn't gone away.
We had to do it again.
Tom died without an heir.
The show is just starting.
Tom is a physicist.
I just did what I had to do.
Tom has the toughest job here.
The water is pretty rough.
Tom does all the cooking.
We just had a bad day.
How will Tom feel about it?
They named the dog Cookie.
Tom has something else to say.
I know you did all the work.
Tom doesn't go to church.
This doesn't happen often.
Tom is a quiet man.
The world is big.
Say it in Greek!
Parking in this plaza after ten o’clock is prohibited.
I’d like to dispute this parking ticket; it was issued half an hour ago. The meter for my space at the parking lot was full and would not accept any of the coins I tried to put in.
My wife was pregnant at the time.
I don't know how he got my phone number.
I don't know how she got my phone number.
Did you give Tom my phone number?
We learned a lot, too.
Tom has some family in Boston.
This is our last day here.
Tom doesn't have to work.
I need to talk to you a sec.
I ate a hamburger at Tom's.
This is what I want to do.
Tom has recently lost his job.
We made many mistakes.
Tom doesn't like oranges.
This job pays pretty well.
Tom is a real fool.
I wish I had an explanation.
Tom has raised three children.
This makes a lot of sense.
Tom doesn't miss a thing.
We much expected that.
I hope Tom gets here early.
This was part of the plan.
Tom has no idea how Mary died.
As head of state, I request Your Holiness to apologize. I do not understand how you can say that Christianity was not imposed, when one arrived here with arquebuses and entered with bloodshed, lead, and fire. The bones of indigenous martyrs are still warm in these countries.
Can you tell me what the capital of Texas is?
How big is Massachusetts ?
How high is Guadalupe Peak ?
How large is Alaska ?
How long is Rio Grande ?
How many cities are in Montana ?
How many cities are there in USA ?
How many Colorado rivers are there ?
How many major cities are there in Oregon ?
How many people live in Austin Texas ?
How many rivers run through Texas ?
Name the rivers in Arkansas.
Through which states does the longest river in Texas run ?
What can you tell me about the population of Missouri ?
What is the biggest city in Georgia ?
What is the capital of New Hampshire ?
What is the capital of the state with the highest elevation ?
What is the combined population of all states ?
What is the population density of New York?
What is the elevation of Death Valley ?
What is the height of Mount McKinley ?
What is the highest point in Kansas ?
What is the largest city in Michigan ?
What is the lowest point in Mississippi ?
What is the most populous city in Wyoming ?
What is the population of Boston Massachusetts ?
What is the population density of the smallest state?
What is the state with the highest elevation in the United States ?
What rivers run through Arizona ?
What state is Pittsburgh in?
Where is Mount Whitney located?
I wish you would reconsider.
Tom doesn't seem so well.
That medicine helped a lot.
Tom is a sweet guy.
We need a better plan.
Tom has never played lacrosse.
The Taj Mahal is beautiful.
Tom drinks too much beer.
I would've liked to do that.
I hope Tom never finds out.
The fight didn't last long.
Tom has never been in a fight.
We try to do our best.
Tom drives a convertible.
The passengers are waiting.
Tom is all excited.
I'll be ready to go by 2:30.
Tom has never been back there.
The police never showed up.
Tom dropped in to see us.
We went out to dinner.
We should give Tom a raise.
There were a lot of rumors.
Tom has lost his new umbrella.
I'll show you what I can do.
Tom drowned in the river.
These things aren't needed.
Tom is cooking now.
We were all exhausted.
Tom has lost almost pounds.
They called the dog Cookie.
Tom found himself a seat.
I'm glad you know the truth.
What does Tom mean by that?
Things are about to change.
Tom has had the toughest luck.
We were all terrified.
Tom gets mad very easily.
Things went terribly wrong.
Tom is daydreaming.
I've never ridden a horse before.
How will I go on without you?
You need to call me.
I need you to call me.
I play sports at my recreation center.
Society does not encourage relationships between people who have a large age gap.
My sister has a quick temper. She easily gets mad.
Their dog was left on the back-burner once they had their baby.
Now I am hungry.
He lives in a suburb, in a quiet suburb.
I've never loved you.
I'm going to need more help.
Tom has gotten so much better.
Things weren't always easy.
Tom goes there every day.
We were both grinning.
What happened to Tom's car?
This bill is long past due.
Tom has done everything wrong.
I'm going to need some data.
Tom goes to kindergarten.
This isn't easy to do well.
Tom is job hunting.
We'll be here waiting.
Tom has come back from Boston.
That was just the beginning.
Tom had a son named John.
I'm not really that thirsty.
When does Tom go to school?
That's all I needed to hear.
Tom has been there since 2013.
There is no middle ground between these two options.
We're all from Boston.
Tom happened to be there.
The cake was very delicious.
Tom is on the road.
I'm not really very thirsty.
Tom has been getting up early.
The cops caught the bad guy.
Tom has a weight problem.
We're an active group.
Did Tom speak French to you?
The movie theater was empty.
Tom has a scar on his stomach.
I'm not satisfied with this.
Tom has a younger sister.
The negotiations have begun.
Tom is our teacher.
We're both very tired.
Tom has a hard time breathing.
The weather changed quickly.
Tom has already gone out.
There is no such thing as coincidence.
I'm not the least bit tired.
How many cars does Tom have?
There's a bomb on the plane.
Tom has a funny-looking mouth.
We're both very upset.
Tom has already said yes.
Things changed dramatically.
Tom is rather good.
I'm sorry about what I said.
Tom hardly ever works anymore.
This bus is going to Boston.
Tom has been cooperating.
We're not competitive.
I like Tom better than Mary.
This is what it's all about.
Tom had a great night tonight.
I've got one just like that.
Tom has expensive tastes.
That could happen to me, too.
Tom is turning red.
I spent the hole night igniting a fire.
I ordered a new cutting board from a catalog.
I bought a new cutting board.
Where are the games being held?
The base of a cone is a circle.
I might be able to see that.
Tom was astounded.
Tom was thunderstruck.
Who would dare do such a thing?
No one would dare do such a thing.
If anyone else did these things, their political career would be finished.
They say whatever will get them the most votes.
It's impossible to tell what he really believes.
It's impossible to tell what she really believes.
It's impossible to tell what they really believe.
In a first-past-the-post voting system, many votes are wasted.
What does he really believe?
What does she really believe?
What do they really believe?
I defy you to prove I'm wrong.
Just take my money.
Tom looked at me triumphantly and said, "Check and mate."
Tom looked at me triumphantly and said, "Checkmate."
Croatia will hold parliamentary elections earlier than had been expected, after the collapse of the governing coalition between a right-wing party and a centrist party.
Look, what an incredible coincidence! Tom has the same fingerprints as me.
Row after row the potatoes are unearthed and collected with a hoe.
We're not engaged yet.
Tom got it done the right way.
That could take a few months.
Tom has long, curly hair.
I can lend you my motorcycle.
I saw Tom leaving his house.
That feeling won't last long.
Tom gave us everything he had.
We're not good enough.
Tom has no fashion sense.
That's physically impossible.
Tom is very lonely.
I can't see anything in here.
Tom gave me everything I need.
The kids want some ice cream.
Tom hasn't done anything.
We're quite confident.
Remember when Tom was funny?
The mystery remains unsolved.
Tom does seem to be different.
Look, what an amazing coincidence! Tom has the same fingerprints as me.
The simplest solution is often the best.
This will let us quickly double the number of sentences.
The woman that I hope to marry turned out to be a man!
The country that I hope to move to and settle down in is Turkey.
The reason I came to Boston is to meet the woman I hope to marry.
The person I look forward to working with is Tom.
The team that the players hate to play against is Galatasaray.
The one who deserves to be fired is Tom.
The people who experienced being unjustly treated are speaking out.
The employees who spent all weekend working on the problem should be rewarded.
There remained only the cherries.
I didn't do anything special.
Tom is a baseball player.
The pain is too much to bear.
Tom isn't a smoker.
We're still improving.
Tom died of a heroin overdose.
The situation was very tense.
Tom is a devout Catholic.
I didn't see anything at all.
There are only three of them.
Tom died in October last year.
We're still in Boston.
Tom is a yoga instructor.
There was a storm that night.
Tom likes my jokes.
I don't know the whole truth.
Tom died in Australia in 2013.
They're all going to prison.
A button on your shirt is falling off.
Don't waste ammunition.
Don't waste your ammunition.
The streets are covered with snow.
I believe that the preacher could not speak "Amen."
Much more appropriate for the child was real breast milk of nursing.
Mercy!
Sometimes the silence is more talkative than the speech.
After a few weeks the postman was first to taste.
Tom is an attractive guy.
We're still very busy.
That's not why Tom resigned.
There's nothing to negotiate.
Tom didn't take his shoes off.
I need to check on something.
Tom is drinking red wine.
They weren't speaking French.
Tom likes potatoes.
We're trying our best.
Tom didn't have a good answer.
They're able to speak French.
Tom is just a little shy.
I think I'll get what I need.
We should give Tom a chance.
This could happen to anybody.
Tom didn't give his real name.
We're very particular.
Tom is listening to Mary.
This is a good place to camp.
I can't swim well.
Ice skating is my favourite winter sport.
I hate broccoli!
Indonesia is an enormous country which consists of more than 17,islands, numbering over tribes and over languages.
There's no need to add wood to the campfire.
My aim is always to find the best solutions.
Which solution is the best?
Which solution is best?
If you want something you've never had, then you've got to do something you've never done.
Even if your goals seem out of reach, stay motivated!
Tom came in this morning looking happy.
Tom likes to drink.
I think I've changed my mind.
Tom did exactly what Mary did.
This is a very complex issue.
Tom is tall and muscular.
We're very, very busy.
We're glad to have Tom back.
Thank you again for your help.
Tom did a phenomenal job here.
I told Mary that I loved her.
Tom let me drive his car.
That doesn't seem right to me.
Tom lived to be 93.
We've been quite busy.
Tom did a lot of things right.
That was somebody else's idea.
Tom liked Mary right off.
I want you to tell the truth.
We're glad to have Tom here.
That's a pretty good question.
The student approaches the teacher looking scared.
Mary waits for the medical report feeling nervous but hopeful that she does not have cancer.
Tom left Mary's house looking dejected.
We weren't given homework today.
Monarch butterflies are beloved for their spectacular migration across Canada and the United States for overwintering sites in central Mexico - and back again.
The annual migration of North America's monarch butterfly is a unique and amazing phenomenon.
Bornean orangutans, a critically endangered species, give birth approximately every eight years.
Look, what a nice team!
Look, what a beautiful moon!
Students are required to perform one hour of community service per week.
That class had a substitute teacher for the first week of school.
My cat likes to roam at night.
Tom can't use his cell phone here because he has very expensive roaming charges.
The property was almost completely overgrown with wild blackberry bushes.
The local government is very concerned about sustainable development.
Tom can't take this case; he has a clear conflict of interest.
I am touched by their kindness.
Their generosity is much appreciated.
Their love for life is infectious.
Only God is omnipotent.
You are not omnipotent.
The passengers' patience is running out.
Tom works with mentally handicapped adults.
She'll be fine. Just give her lots of love and care.
Tom's hand-eye coordination has never been the same since the accident.
We come home with new toothbrushes every time we visit the dentist.
Volcanic peaks have always captured the human imagination.
Tom will be the designated driver this time.
I welcome your input on the matter.
The candidate did not welcome our support.
My insurance will not cover any kind of alternative medicine.
It will always be that way.
The idea of flesh-eating plants has long captured the human imagination.
Tom did a lot of great things.
We've been very lucky.
Tom likes chocolate, too.
That's just the way I like it.
Tom lives frugally.
I was careful not to do that.
Tom claims he never said that.
The bus should be here by now.
Tom said he ate too much.
We've had a good time.
Are you sure Tom can do that?
The response has been awesome.
Tom brought Mary some flowers.
I was getting a little bored.
Tom said they were lucky.
There was a lot to talk about.
Tom must be guilty.
We've talked about it.
Tom sang while he worked.
There's a lot of room in here.
I feel safe with him.
A dissertation should be divided into paragraphs.
The temperature now is minus ten degrees.
My family lived here for twenty years.
Tom's son was very rude to me.
How many times did she call?
She has been going out with him for about two years.
Just a minute, please. Don't hang up.
How long does it take from the airport to the hotel?
Few people dare to say the truth.
What a wonderful view!
The lemonade is too sweet.
He stayed there a little while.
They had me waiting for over half an hour.
Did you have a good trip?
We are the new owners.
Could I see the menu and wine list?
Full of pure kerosene, that small lamp could be lit for several days.
Daydreaming is the moonlight of thought.
I put it, and you take it.
The sweetness of Interlingua was more suited to my poetic vision.
The temperature is currently ten degrees below zero.
"Why?" That was the simple question everyone was asking themselves.
Tom hasn't helped the poor.
Tom didn't help the poor.
Now all you have to do is tighten the screw, and Bob's your uncle.
The brother of my grandmother's daughter could be both my uncle and my father.
Esperanto carries with it the values of world peace and mutual understanding among nations.
An 86-year-old Japanese woman, who travels every year to Britain or the U.S. to improve her English, says: “I’ll do what I can while I’m still full of vitality.”
What matters most is the present, not the past.
Even Tom failed today's exam.
I was on my way to the party.
Tom says he's having fun.
This gun doesn't belong to me.
Tom must do it now.
We've waited too long.
Tom shaves every morning.
This is harder than I thought.
I can run as fast as Tom can.
I wish you would all go home.
Tom talked me into going.
Thanks for bringing this to us.
Tom must find work.
We all need to do more.
Tom wanted to run faster.
The noise keeps the birds away.
I'm not going to let Tom die.
I'll assist in any way I can.
Tom was killed on Monday.
The rain is starting to let up.
Indonesian has long been regarded as the local bridge language.
Rapid action also has advantages.
Yumi is studying English intensively.
He only calls her when he's feeling horny.
Tom needs a helmet.
Tom will be home by 2:30.
The road is under construction.
I'm sure Tom would've agreed.
I'll wait for you in the car.
Tom will go to Australia.
There are a lot to choose from.
Tom pinched my arm.
We can be a lot better.
Tom worked like a maniac.
There are no fish in this lake.
I'm sure we'll see Tom again.
I'm aware of what's going on.
Tom and I go out together.
These are getting hard to find.
Tom pulled my hair.
We can do a lot better.
Tom ate until he was full.
This first question is for you.
I'm gonna take you there.
Only you can make me happy.
Is the news good or bad?
Let me first start with the good news.
A little good news wouldn't hurt.
Why are you grumbling again?
The aardvark has powerful limbs and sharp claws so it can burrow into earth at high speed.
The aardvark's principal food is termites.
Disturbed away from its burrow, the aardvark can escape its enemies by digging at incredible speed.
This text is all Greek to me!
That is my ten-thousandth sentence in Esperanto at Tatoeba.
Maybe Tom has the right idea.
I'm certain that we'll do it.
Tom decided to marry Mary.
That never even crossed my mind.
Tom pushed me away.
We can do so much more.
Tom didn't even help Mary.
That seemed a little ridiculous.
That's just how Tom wants it.
I'm going to need more money.
Tom didn't even love Mary.
That's the car I told you about.
Tom runs every day.
We can dream, can't we?
Tom didn't let me do that.
That's what we hope will happen.
This isn't Tom's first rodeo.
I'm no longer afraid of dogs.
Tom died Monday in Boston.
The storm will damage the crops.
You will burn in hellfire.
Unless you take all your time, you won't get through it.
Do you remember how it all began?
"Good" is the antonym of "bad" and "tall" is the antonym of "short."
In English "blue" and "blew" are homonyms.
Tom said he'd come.
We can't do everything.
Tom gave an apple to Mary.
There's a lot more to the story.
We haven't talked to Tom yet.
I'm not sure what this means.
Tom gave me useful advice.
They must be out of their minds.
Tom sang at church.
We didn't win the game.
Tom got it done right way.
Things don't always go your way.
We help Tom in a lot of ways.
I'm on my way to the station.
Tom had a very good night.
Thanks for sharing your thoughts.
Tom saw Mary smile.
We enjoyed being there.
Tom had no life insurance.
That isn't very likely to happen.
The officer ordered the soldiers to attack the fortified position.
He said he should go.
You know that you're getting old when you have to explain to a Greek who Melina Mercouri was.
It will all be over soon.
You're always in my heart.
Tom listened to the sounds of the forest.
It'll all be over soon.
I wrote a letter to her last month, but I haven't received a reply yet.
In this household, the women and men share equal responsibilities.
There are members of my household.
The police were intent on stopping the criminal.
Listen with the intent to understand, not the intent to reply.
She often paints landscapes.
He could see the entire landscape from the top of the mountain.
He forgot to load the camera with film.
We sang until our lungs hurt.
The patient died from lung cancer.
We think Tom can help us win.
I'm really pleased with that.
Tom handled that superbly.
That's not very likely to happen.
Tom seemed relaxed.
We have to do it again.
Tom has asked us for help.
The committee met Monday morning.
We want Tom back on our team.
I'm sorry I didn't trust you.
Tom has finally succeeded.
The conference wraps up tomorrow.
We have to do our jobs.
Tom has really hairy arms.
The decision's already been made.
We want Tom to be successful.
I've got too much work to do.
Tom has three girlfriends.
The elevator doors opened slowly.
Tom stole my candy.
"It's childish to play with a teddy bear. I'd rather look at the news." "But Tom, you're only six. You can be quietly childish. Just be that and enjoy it!"
We hope you'll join us.
Tom is a fashion designer.
The hardest part is already over.
You tell jokes like Tom does.
I didn't see the light change.
Tom is a graphic designer.
The infection has spread quickly.
Tom told me a joke.
We knew we could do it.
Tom is a marine biologist.
The minutes were released Monday.
Don't forget to tell Tom that.
I don't think we can eat this.
Tom is a regular customer.
The recession won't last forever.
Tom wants an apple.
We know it'll be tough.
Tom is at home recovering.
The robber was never apprehended.
Has Tom been doing his chores?
Travelling to Finland would be so amazing. I've heard it's a beautiful place, full of marvellous people, endless forests and pristine lakes.
Although a few countries have laws that permit physician-assisted suicide in some circumstances, physician groups generally oppose such legislation when it is proposed.
A gerontologist suggested that better palliative care facilities for patients who are nearing the end of their lives might be better than legalizing assisted suicide.
Having sent a rude email to a constituent who had criticized government policy, the minister not only had to step down as a cabinet minister but was also forced out of his party caucus.
In parliamentary democracies, each party's elected members will hold regular caucus meetings to decide their party's position on upcoming legislative measures.
Don't forget to tell Tom this.
Party members generally vote as a bloc in Parliament, sometimes after vigorous internal debate, in accordance with the decisions they took in their caucus.
All but two members of the Conservative Party lost their seats in a federal election. One wag joked that their entire caucus could now meet in a telephone booth.
New ferries for Canada are being built in Poland and Germany after the European contractors undercut the bids offered by three Canadian shipyards.
Having enjoyed her studies in Toronto several years earlier, Mary decided that now might be a good time to apply to become a Canadian permanent resident.
As a permanent resident in Canada, Mary enjoyed the protection of Canadian law, but she would not be allowed to vote until she became a naturalized citizen.
Especially during winter, Tom appreciated the weatherstripping material that Mary had installed to prevent doorway draughts.
I had a feeling you'd be here.
Tom is the main character.
There was a full moon that night.
Tom was dead wrong.
We know you're in pain.
Tom is too young for that.
Things were happening so quickly.
The man's name is Tom Jackson.
I just can't wait to get home.
Tom isn't a history major.
This book isn't very interesting.
Tom was found dead.
We lost a lot of money.
Tom isn't as fast as I am.
There were no trees on the island.
We haven't seen Tom for weeks.
I just need to know the truth.
Tom isn't eating an apple.
This restaurant is always crowded.
Tom wasn't healthy.
He was rushed to the hospital.
My perspective is similar to yours.
As we age, we become set in our ways.
My son is too skinny.
Tom saw Mary's smile.
I just have one request.
Tom saw Mary smiling.
Don't grovel.
We made a lot of noise.
Tom isn't fit for the job.
The bus was full of young children.
We just want Tom to come home.
I just need to know you're OK.
Tom isn't good at cooking.
The printer in my office is broken.
Tom works too hard.
We may need to do more.
Tom knows Mary isn't here.
There isn't enough time to do that.
We're going to miss Tom a lot.
I learned French very quickly.
Tom let me borrow his car.
There's not enough time to do that.
Tom actually did it.
We might possibly lose.
Tom likes what we've done.
These things aren't needed anymore.
We're not going to let Tom go.
Tatoeba is the best Esperanto school in the world.
Did you hear that your company won the bid?
That foreigner speaks Japanese as if it were his mother tongue.
I honestly believe this.
In one single square kilometre of Borneo woodland have been found as many species of trees as exist in all of North America.
There are more than twenty thousand known species of edible plants in the world.
I remember what you said last night.
Are you going to be sick?
Just who do you think you are?
March right up those stairs, young man!
Be very quiet.
I only have one request.
It's not important which of the two books you pick.
There are over twenty thousand known species of edible plants in the world.
Could I not respond?
Would you change your past if you could?
I can't go to the party. I'm grounded.
These diamonds are from South Africa.
The conference is going to end today.
The conference ended yesterday.
The neighbor's cat loves our garden.
Munich is the capital of Bavaria.
I learned something new today.
Tom made a dress for Mary.
These tools are barely used at all.
Tom asked for a pen.
We need all we can get.
Tom made this doll for me.
They probably won't do what we ask.
Has Tom ever been to Australia?
I think my complaint is valid.
Tom might not be busy now.
That's way more than we really need.
Tom became a dancer.
Tom requires medical care.
Thank you for everything you've done.
Has Tom ever visited Australia?
I think your friends are here.
Tom runs faster than Mary.
Thank you so much for this information.
Tom became a singer.
We need to do our best.
Tom said that I had to go.
The questions are going to get tougher.
I don't know what Tom would do.
I want to come back to Boston.
Tom saw Mary wink at John.
The storm will likely damage the crops.
Tom bikes to school.
We need to do the same.
Tom scared the birds away.
This is actually a pretty good article.
I dreamed about Tom last night.
I'll probably be home by 2:30.
Tom sent an email to Mary.
The police will find us if we stay here.
Tom boiled the eggs.
We need to move faster.
Tom showed Mary a picture.
Thank you for the comments and kind words.
I think Tom feels the same way.
I'm glad you appreciated that.
Tom snuck out of the room.
There's something else I want to show you.
Tom botched the job.
We think it isn't fair.
Tom switched off the lamp.
I'm going to put a stop to it.
It was very dark in Tom's room.
We think it's not fair.
Tom switched the lamp off.
I'm never going to race again.
Tom bought a ticket.
We trust your judgment.
Tom was a really good kid.
I'm sure I left the door open.
We need Tom to do more of that.
We want to be the best.
Tom was cheering for Mary.
I'm tired of all the fighting.
Tom breathed deeply.
We want to do it right.
Tom was kind to everybody.
I'm trying to do what's right.
We want to know why Tom did it.
We went out for dinner.
Tom won't like doing that.
I'm willing to try new things.
Tom built a shelter.
We were both very busy.
Tom abandoned his children.
I've got a headache right now.
What movie did Tom want to see?
We were happy to do it.
Tom and Mary helped us out.
I've had an extraordinary day.
Tom called a friend.
We were in total shock.
Tom and Mary need to relax.
I believe anything is possible.
Why does Tom hate Mary so much?
We were too optimistic.
Tom arrived in a black car.
I can't make any more mistakes.
We won all three games.
Tom bowed to Mary politely.
I don't know that woman at all.
Even Tom didn't know the answer.
We'll be there by 2:30.
Tom came to Boston with me.
I don't know why this happened.
Tom came back again.
We'll keep you updated.
Tom counted to one hundred.
I don't think you can eat that.
I think Tom went out last night.
We'll never meet again.
Tom did exceptionally well.
I don't think you'll like that.
Tom can barely read.
We'll talk things over.
Tom didn't even touch Mary.
I have no idea how they did it.
We helped Tom out when we could.
We'll think about that.
Tom died three hours later.
I have no idea what's going on.
Tom changed his job.
We're better than that.
Tom disappeared a year ago.
I haven't cried in a long time.
We know exactly what Tom can do.
We're better than this.
Tom does everything for us.
I haven't done that in a while.
Tom crushed the box.
We're both very hungry.
Tom doesn't belong in jail.
I hope nothing bad will happen.
We shouldn't stand in Tom's way.
We're both very sleepy.
Tom gave the cat some milk.
I hope that won't happen again.
Tom crushed the can.
We're considering that.
Tom gets upset very easily.
I need to know the whole truth.
What happened to Tom's passport?
We're doing quite well.
Tom has a lot of money now.
I really don't know those guys.
Tom does look tired.
We're going to rebuild.
Tom has to make a decision.
I think this is the right path.
How much food does Tom have left?
We're here on vacation.
Tom hasn't been seen since.
I wake up early in the morning.
Tom enjoyed cycling.
We're not always right.
Tom hates climbing ladders.
I want to see that movie again.
I'm pretty sure Tom is in Boston.
We're not disappointed.
Tom helped us push the car.
I want to show you my drawings.
Tom forced me to go.
We're not millionaires.
Tom is a true professional.
I wanted to tell you the truth.
Maybe Tom is too busy to help us.
We're not the majority.
Tom is a used car salesman.
I'd like to know more about it.
Tom gets up at 6:30.
We're not your parents.
Tom is an assistant editor.
I'll probably be out all night.
We just want Tom to keep working.
We're pretty confident.
I don't think you'll like this.
It's presumptuous to call this a palace. Essentially, it's a big house.
Never add fuel to the flames.
It impressed me much.
I understand the allusion.
It is difficult to get a man to understand something when his salary depends upon his not understanding it.
I don't understand this word. Could you explain it to me?
His face was sooty.
His face was full of soot.
Money is not to be treated lightly. It is like toilet paper: when you need it, you need it badly.
Tom is buying some bananas.
I'm very sorry for the mistake.
Tom got out his pen.
We're sharing the cost.
Tom is doing what he loves.
I've got one like that already.
We knew Tom wanted us to do that.
We're still having fun.
Tom is quite good at chess.
I do the same thing every night.
Tom had a black cat.
We're very, very angry.
Tom isn't that kind of guy.
I don't have very many of these.
We knew Tom was going to be back.
We all want to know why.
Tom isn't too young, is he?
I don't remember the exact date.
Tom has a big truck.
We do that all the time.
Do not remove all the stones out of your childrens way, otherwise they might once run their head against a wall.
The knowledge of the world is only to be acquired in the world, and not in a closet.
Never seem more learned than the people you are with. Wear your learning like a pocket watch and keep it hidden. Do not pull it out to count the hours, but give the time when you are asked.
Whatever you do, do it to the purpose; do it thoroughly, not superficially. Go to the bottom of things. Any thing half done, or half known, is in my mind, neither done nor known at all. Nay, worse, for it often misleads.
Knowledge is a comfortable and necessary retreat and shelter for us in advanced age, and if we do not plant it while young, it will give us no shade when we grow old.
Know the true value of time; snatch, seize, and enjoy every moment of it. No idleness; no laziness; no procrastination; never put off till tomorrow what you can do today.
Don't abuse my patience.
She has a nice face.
Immigrants are abusing the hospitality of Europe.
The basket was filled to the brim with strawberries.
She had jet black hair.
The book was written in a hurry, so it is riddled with errors.
The book was written in a hurry, so it is full of errors.
Tom lent me thirty dollars.
I have to finish cleaning it up.
We still haven't figured Tom out.
We don't do it that way.
Tom liked Mary's new dress.
I know exactly what I should do.
Tom has a long neck.
We don't need this here.
Tom likes basketball a lot.
I never even thought about that.
We told Tom not to stay out late.
We felt really betrayed.
Tom likes to travel by bus.
I should've realized it was you.
Tom has his own car.
We got what we deserved.
Tom lives in a small house.
I think that wouldn't cost much.
We're confident Tom will do that.
We had a lot of chances.
She had jet black eyes.
Have an open mind.
Stop being so cruel. Have a heart!
Don't worry. We'll succeed. Have faith!
Tom might talk to Mary.
I think you're completely right.
Tom has lung cancer.
We have more work to do.
Tom probably hates my guts.
I'd better get back to work now.
We're just grateful Tom is alive.
We have to be realistic.
Tom really didn't say much.
I'll come again some other time.
Tom has worked hard.
We have to deal with it.
Tom said he was having fun.
I'm no longer afraid of spiders.
Who knows when Tom's birthday is?
We have to wait and see.
Tom said he won't marry me.
I'm staying at the Hilton Hotel.
Tom is a con artist.
We haven't even started.
As I left the railway station, I saw a man.
My wife has decided to leave me.
Now is the time to act. It is never too late to turn things around.
Many are those who stopped living before they started.
Yes, I studied psychology but I didn't learn anything that I didn't already know; I only had to learn the vocabulary.
The local priest pleaded with the people there to save the church. Several people ran to a nearby river to fetch water, but it was too late.
"Let's go to Tim's for muffins and hot cocoa." - "Why should we? Mom's been baking goodies all day, and she gets a kick out of people enjoying her cooking." "That's true." "And I'm sure she could use a rest, to put her feet up while you or I make hot cocoa for everyone. I think this place is better."
He was suspected of being active in a clandestine movement.
We were really scared.
I am not afraid of telling the truth.
The gardens are very beautiful in the spring,and we often go there.
The hen's chicks are hatching.
The young are not afraid of telling the truth.
How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world.
I can shake off everything as I write; my sorrows disappear, my courage is reborn.
Think of all the beauty still left around you and be happy.
Please give me a smile.
What are you looking for in my room?
Tom wants to go from Europe to Australia.
Tom's parents live in South America.
What is the title of your new book?
I wonder what he actually thinks.
Tom sat just in front of Mary.
I've already told you the truth.
Would Tom really want to do that?
We haven't said yes yet.
Tom says he didn't do that.
I've never seen that guy before.
Tom is a health nut.
We haven't talked since.
Tom scared the wolves away.
I feel like this is all my fault.
How much money does Tom have left?
We just couldn't say no.
Tom still loves me, I hope.
I have a lot of deliveries today.
Tom is a humble man.
We knew it was all over.
Tom was a friend of Mary's.
I know you're going to come back.
I can't leave until Tom gets here.
We knew you could do it.
Tom was at home last night.
I learned French from a Canadian.
Tom is a little fat.
We know that to be fact.
Tom was my hero and mentor.
I thought everyone liked bananas.
It was me who told Tom to do that.
We know who's out there.
Tom was the only man there.
I want to be good at ice skating.
Tom is a mean drunk.
We may not get anything.
Tom wasn't always this way.
I want to practice a little more.
The coach said that Tom did great.
We named our dog Cookie.
Tom will be back this week.
I'm never going to do that again.
Tom is a movie buff.
We need to get you home.
At least four were killed in the explosion of a car bomb outside a police station in the capital, Nairobi.
This plot of land is my property.
That's a nice car you got there. It would be a shame if something were to happen to it.
Do you know what's wrong with him?
Do you know what's wrong with her?
Do you know what's wrong with them?
Do you know what's wrong with it?
Do you know what's wrong with me?
All sensory pleasures activate the minds of the noble-natured. They shut down the minds of the unnoble.
Tom's problems aren't over.
I'm not as stubborn as you think.
We think Tom is going to be ready.
We need to move forward.
Tom always looks a bit pale.
I'm sorry for acting like a jerk.
Tom is an old-timer.
We need to wait and see.
Tom bought himself a ticket.
I've been here less than a month.
We'd like to have Tom on our team.
We should head back now.
Tom couldn't bear the noise.
I actually agree with you on that.
Tom is in hot water.
We still don't know why.
Tom did everything Mary did.
I can give you a lift if you like.
I agree with Tom a hundred percent.
We still need more help.
Tom did what he always does.
I don't have anything more to say.
Tom is my classmate.
We were able to do that.
Tom didn't even speak to me.
I saw your friends here yesterday.
I think I agree with what Tom said.
We were all very hungry.
Tom didn't get on the train.
I think everyone wants to do that.
Tom is very cunning.
We were both very tired.
Tom doesn't need comforting.
I think you did a great job today.
We haven't heard back from Tom yet.
We were extremely lucky.
Tom got on a bus for Boston.
I'm not going to make any comment.
Tom is very likable.
We weren't disappointed.
Mary needs some advice.
Explain it in simple words.
Tom told Mary that he was determined to take the law into his own hands.
Don't laugh at my mistake.
Let's not make dubious assumptions.
A bright future was predicted for him.
What is the Greek word for "owl"?
I wonder what Tom actually thinks.
Please consider what I have said.
Tom had a lot of enthusiasm.
I'm sure you're going to enjoy it.
We haven't seen Tom in a long time.
We'd like to start over.
Tom had fun talking to Mary.
I'm trying my best to get it done.
Tom is well dressed.
We'll figure things out.
Tom has learned how to swim.
I can speak French fairly fluently.
We're not going to let Tom do that.
We'll keep you informed.
Tom is building a new house.
I don't think that would cost much.
Tom isn't that cute.
We'll take a look at it.
Tom is too young to do that.
I haven't seen one of these before.
You should give Tom another chance.
We're ahead of schedule.
You always make a mistake.
We should go to the party together.
Ouch! A chestnut fell on my head.
I don't feel up for it.
You may not understand me, but I must be saying something important, right?
I am from America, but France is my second home.
I intend to make France my new home.
Tom is waiting for me there.
I'm glad to be of some help to you.
Tom kept his hat on.
We're all created equal.
Tom knows a lot of proverbs.
I'm just trying to do what's right.
I doubt Tom really needs to do that.
We're all like brothers.
Tom made the wrong decision.
I've always wanted to learn French.
Tom knew I was busy.
We're doing it together.
Tom might not be hungry yet.
I wish I could've done more to help.
I've never heard Tom play the piano.
We're doing really well.
Tom obviously has a problem.
I'd be willing to try something new.
Tom left right away.
We're feeling confident.
Tom really enjoyed teaching.
I've got a lot of friends in Boston.
We think we know where Tom has been.
We're going to fix that.
Tom sang a lot of old songs.
I heard you were in Boston last week.
Tom likes all of us.
We're just disappointed.
Tom says that rarely happens.
I hope we're making the right choice.
We hope Tom will do what we've asked.
We're leaving next year.
Tom says he isn't giving up.
I'm going to need someone to help me.
Tom likes to travel.
We're leaving right now.
Tom says he's a changed man.
I started working when I was thirteen.
I think Tom felt exactly the same way.
We're still pretty busy.
We are making some updates to the site. We'll be back soon, thanks for your patience.
More information on the system structure is available in the Features section.
We must not allow ourselves to be influenced by soothing words.
He says he doesn't eat beans because it makes him fart.
Come on, let's not distract Tom from his work.
I loved only you.
Tom still has many problems.
I think that's an accurate assessment.
Tom loves ice cream.
We're telling the truth.
Tom still has plenty to say.
I'll be ready to go when you get here.
I think Tom is still living in Boston.
We're very, very hungry.
Tom taught me how to juggle.
I need to arrive in Boston before noon.
Tom loves traveling.
We've all made mistakes.
Tom told me to get creative.
I'd like to introduce you to my friend.
I'm not going to let Tom go to Boston.
We've been very patient.
Tom usually drinks red wine.
I'm only interested in nonstop flights.
Tom married a nurse.
We've got a job for you.
Tom walked home from school.
I don't think that would cost very much.
It won't be long before Tom gets here.
We've had no complaints.
Tom was as nervous as I was.
I wish you well in your future endeavors.
Tom must be thirsty.
We've heard this before.
Tom was found shot to death.
I'm not the only one who thinks this way.
That guy might be one of Tom's brothers.
We've made some changes.
Tom was just about to leave.
I've always wanted to be able to do this.
Tom often visits me.
We all know who they are.
Tom was pretty good tonight.
I heard that you were in Boston last week.
It won't be long before Tom comes back.
We can all agree on that.
Tom will be prepared for it.
I hope you're doing what I told you to do.
Tom saved all of us.
We can all agree on this.
Tom will retire next spring.
I see no reason why you shouldn't do that.
We're so lucky to have Tom on our team.
We can do so much better.
Tom won't be there, will he?
I hope we're having pancakes for breakfast.
Tom sells computers.
We can't do such a thing.
Tom won't take me seriously.
I think I can help you solve your problems.
It won't be long before Tom gets better.
We can't keep doing that.
Tom wouldn't let me do that.
I wish you had done what I asked you to do.
Tom should be angry.
Tom wrote me from Australia.
I need to buy some flea medicine for my dog.
It'll be some time before Tom gets here.
We could do so much more.
Tom bought himself a sweater.
I was just about to ask you the same question.
Tom sings at church.
We did what we wanted to.
Tom called yesterday morning.
I'm from a small town not too far from Boston.
We haven't talked to Tom about that yet.
We didn't play that well.
Tom caught three large trout.
We don't censor anything.
Tom skipped a grade.
We don't know enough yet.
Tom could've been badly hurt.
We don't want to rush it.
We're not going to force Tom to do that.
We drank a lot of coffee.
Tom could've broken his neck.
We feel pretty confident.
Tom stole my camera.
We get along really well.
Tom could've died that night.
We got rid of everything.
I wonder what Tom can do that I can't do.
We got what we asked for.
Tom could've had a long life.
We had a good time there.
Tom stood up slowly.
We had lots of fun today.
Tom could've told me earlier.
We have a lot more to do.
It'll be dark by the time Tom gets there.
We have no special plans.
Tom cried like a little baby.
We have time on our side.
Tom teaches history.
We have to do that today.
Tom decided to give it a try.
The woman is pregnant.
I am not gay!
We go don't to make hasty decisions.
We're not going to force Tom to do this.
The fewer who know, the better.
The fewer who know about it, the better.
The fewer people who know, the better.
It has to review the concepts.
It drinks with moderation.
I always wanted to learn toki pona.
My hobby is making phrases.
Child can't talk bad word !.
It comes from within the love that I feel for you.
I love my dog.
It is worthwhile to love Christ.
I will love you every day any further.
Don't trust anyone, not even me.
Don't trust anyone, not even Tom.
I don't trust anyone, not even Tom.
Chinese is divided into ten major dialect groups.
"For the umpteenth time, turn down the music!" Tom's mother yelled.
Cantonese is the prestige dialect of the Yue group.
I can't imagine how people were able to translate without the internet.
I couldn't imagine translating without the internet.
Don't completely prepare the ground for your children, otherwise they might run their head against a wall.
We have to figure it out.
I thought Tom was going to make breakfast.
Tom did an extraordinary job.
We hope to see you there.
Tom took this photo.
We just want to be happy.
Tom didn't join us for lunch.
We just want to have fun.
The police think Tom murdered his parents.
We know we can do better.
Tom died doing what he loved.
We leave in half an hour.
Tom touched my hand.
We may all have to leave.
Tom doesn't have any sisters.
We need to figure it out.
Everyone's waiting to see what Tom will do.
We need to get that back.
Tom doesn't like being alone.
We need to keep fighting.
That which is hateful to you, do not do to your fellow.
I don't love myself.
I want to improve my knowledge of languages.
If you have an idea, go out and make it happen.
If you have an idea, go for it and just do it.
If you have an idea, write it down, or it may be gone forever. I even make notes in my passport.
I never understood this.
Tom has sore toes.
It takes years to grow a tree, yet it takes seconds to cut it.
Do Scots have their own language?
Enough arguing!
Our Father who art above, hallowed be thy name, thy kingdom come.
Your son-in-law gave it to him, for he needed it badly.
Neither you nor anyone will prevent me from going
Once you have fixed it for him, do wash your hands for they are dirty indeed.
I'm on my way to the fish market. What would you like for lunch? Mackerel or sardine?
Kid! Can't you hear? Hand him the hammer and hold the nail!
Kid, stir the chocolate, so that it doesn't stick.
He made a hole big enough to put inside a chart-load of pebbles
The kids, who were exhausted, fell asleep right away.
Every day, except Thursdays and Fridays, he gathered with his friends for chatting
In the bed where my girlfriend sleeps it is not cold
My, my! How come you haven't been able to reach it, yet?
Guess the riddle. An old woman with one tooth, summons everybody. The bell.
Those notebooks are mine.
The snow that accumulated in the streets blocked traffic.
Dirt has built up under your fingernails.
Sometimes it's the converts who are the most devout.
They expect an American to be a white person.
They did not expect the Korean lady to be American.
Really? I had no idea! Next thing you know, you'll be telling me water's wet.
Where should I go on vacation?
Which country has the lowest cost of living?
What's the cheapest place to go on vacation?
I'm going to the most expensive hotel I can find.
I'm rolling in dough.
That guy's rolling in dough.
He's rolling in dough.
She's rolling in dough.
They're rolling in dough.
We're rolling in dough.
I'm raking in the cash.
He's raking in the cash.
She's raking in the cash.
Don't bother. It's a waste of time.
He's desperately trying to find a platform on which to promote his views.
Today we ate potato dumplings.
Without disasters there would be no heros.
I still have trouble believing it.
His views are harmful.
These are harmful views.
After the operation he stays under observation.
Don't teach your father how to make babies.
Don't teach monkeys how to climb.
He's got the bad habit of picking his nose.
He became more and more disillusioned with politics.
I have been listening to the same Icelandic song for hours, and even though I can only understand four or five words, I would really like to be able to sing it.
Unfortunately, the Internet gives extremists and intolerants of all persuasions an equal opportunity to portray wrongful and dangerous views.
Tom spent years living on the streets of Boston.
The Black Death wiped out at least one third of Europe's population between and 1350.
You left the car headlights on.
The door was difficult to open.
The number of visitors that he mentioned is very much exaggerated: there were a maximum of around one hundred people present.
Some deaf people decide not to use sign language.
How do you know that belongs to him?
How do you know that belongs to her?
Tom bought a gift for his daughter.
Don't be so unpleasant with your sister, Tom.
When are we going to eat?
Tom prefers blondes.
I waited for an important call all weekend.
Have you had recent contact with Mr. Leblanc?
We have been learning English for three years.
I'll eat a preserved egg.
I'll eat a hundred-year egg.
I'll eat a thousand-year-old egg.
I'll eat a millennium egg.
Chips are my favorite food.
A sailor christened his ship the "Why Not".
I waited the entire weekend for an important phone call.
Have you been in contact with Mr. Leblanc lately?
The monkey climbed up the tree.
That rude man gave me a bad impression.
From the hotel, we could see the entire park very clearly.
When do we eat?
Tom and Mary, the famous celebrity couple, want to get divorced.
"What do I care about Tom?" "He's your only son, at least." "A son I would gladly give up."
The buildings look pretty ragged now, but they still have charm.
Don't spill your wine on the upholstery.
We never knew who he was.
Tom doesn't work hard enough.
We simply have no choice.
I wonder if Tom really intended to do that.
We think we're too early.
Tom drank a lot at the party.
We want to do this right.
Tom was a carpenter.
We want to hear from you.
Tom had good reason to worry.
We went to a hockey game.
There was just one problem with Tom's plan.
We were both very hungry.
Tom has a big test next week.
We were both very sleepy.
Tom was alone there.
We won't change anything.
Tom has a lot of friends now.
We'd be foolish to do so.
We won't quit searching until Tom is found.
What is the difference between a metaphor and an amphora?
We'd never consider that.
Tom has a pretty good camera.
We'll do our best to win.
Tom went on singing.
We'll try to do our best.
Tom has been very productive.
We're a little different.
I'm pretty sure that Tom has done this before.
We're basketball players.
Tom has cut down on drinking.
We're concerned about it.
Tom went on working.
We're excited about that.
Tom has never been a teacher.
My best friend was Tom when I was a little kid.
We're happy with our car.
Tom has never seen a giraffe.
We're having so much fun.
Tom will never quit.
We're leaving right away.
I'm the one who was wounded in the foot.
Tom has written another book.
We're not hurting anyone.
We hope Tom will do what we've asked him to do.
We're pretty competitive.
Tom is Mary's French teacher.
We're very well prepared.
Tom won't live long.
We've got a lot to offer.
Tom is afraid of me, I think.
We've got to get it done.
With Tom on our team, we're more likely to win.
We've learned a lot, too.
Tom isn't taking any chances.
We've made many mistakes.
Tom would defend me.
We've still got a chance.
Tom isn't too old to do that.
We all have to contribute.
It'll be hard to convince Tom to sell his house.
We all know it won't work.
You left the lights on.
You forgot to turn off the lights.
You forgot to turn the lights off.
Tom isn't very bright at all.
We all see the same thing.
Tom accepted my gift.
We all want to be current.
Tom isn't very likely to win.
We aren't quite there yet.
We're very fortunate to have Tom working for us.
We both were really drunk.
Tom just needs to do his job.
We can all sleep well now.
Tom adopted our idea.
We can't take that chance.
Tom killed himself in Boston.
We couldn't find anything.
I'm not going to let Tom go to Boston by himself.
We couldn't stay together.
Tom let me borrow his gloves.
We did it right this time.
Tom ate three apples.
We didn't know who he was.
I just thought you were bored.
I met my girlfriend five years ago.
Tom lied about what happened.
We do know what to expect.
My good friend, Tom, convinced me to go to Boston.
We do what we can to help.
Tom never said he hated Mary.
We don't do it very often.
Tom bought some rice.
We don't know what it was.
Tom played much better today.
We don't know where to go.
I hope Tom never finds out what happened here today.
We don't need this at all.
Tom really liked me, I think.
We don't need to go there.
Tom built a bookcase.
We don't want any excuses.
Tom really loves his country.
We don't want that, do we?
It'll take Tom three hours to finish what he's doing.
We don't want you with us.
Let's continue talking in English, please.
He must have been crazy to say such a thing.
He comes alone.
You will be absent for three days.
What a wonderful town!
The dessert is still missing.
I'll stay here until he arrives.
Nobody can pay that.
Sit down to put your boots on.
I asked what Tom was reading.
They always talk about the same things.
That woman was almost always in a bad mood.
The app is draining the battery on my iPhone.
This poem is composed of four verses, each of which has five lines.
You feel much better when you get enough rest every night.
She explained the new situation to me.
I went to get vaccinated.
She sold postcards.
Why was he living in the US?
No doubt you have understood.
Do not machine wash the bag.
Both legs are weak.
He lost his friends' phone numbers.
She lives in the house where her grandparents lived.
What animal is that?
What paint do you prefer?
How many houses are there on your street?
Every dog has a name.
You always make the same mistake.
I read it in some book.
The animal became a local legend.
Tom is a parking garage attendant.
Mary is a real estate agent.
Tom is a fitness trainer.
Tom is a solar photovoltaic panel installer.
Nobody can pay this.
Tom said he ate way too much.
We had no problems at all.
Tom came to my house.
We have a lot of homework.
Tom sang in the church choir.
We have a lot to consider.
I would've talked to Tom instead of just ignoring him.
We have lots of new stuff.
Tom says more should be done.
We have no money to waste.
Tom can't tell jokes.
We have to do many things.
Tom says you may not need it.
We have to face the truth.
I have a feeling Tom won't do what he's promised to do.
We have to leave it there.
Tom sewed the button back on.
We have to look into this.
Tom chased the thief.
We have to think about it.
Tom doesn't trust anyone: neither his friends, nor his wife, nor his children, nor even himself.
See if you can find an usher to take this gentleman to his seat.
Look out for my friend Tom.
Tom taught me how to do this.
We need to understand why.
Tom deserved a prize.
We need your help on this.
Tom taught me how to whistle.
We should all be grateful.
I had a hard time understanding what Tom was trying to say.
We should give this a try.
Tom visited Mary last summer.
We talked on the way home.
Tom didn't play well.
We think about that a lot.
Tom wanted to stay in Boston.
We think we have a chance.
I'm pretty sure that Tom and Mary have never met each other.
We urge you to be patient.
Tom was a little disoriented.
We want them to follow us.
Tom doesn't eat beef.
We want them to forget it.
Tom swam across the Channel.
No expense has been spared.
A pair of Ronald Reagan's cowboy boots, which were valued at $20,000, sold for almost $200,000.
Tom is the lead engineer.
It was an unforgettable experience.
Tom was in town Monday night.
We want them to know that.
I haven't yet read any of the messages Tom sent me yesterday.
We want to know the truth.
Tom was sort of shy as a kid.
We want to work with them.
Tom dropped the vase.
We went to a lot of parks.
Tom will never tell you that.
We were about to call you.
I'm sure Tom has already spent a lot of the money we gave him.
We were both very thirsty.
Tom won't even speak to Mary.
We were there a long time.
Tom found my bicycle.
We weren't expecting this.
Tom and I ate stew for dinner.
We'll definitely be ready.
I forgot to tell you that Tom is coming over for dinner tonight.
I don't really mind.
Tom's family is here.
So what'll happen now?
Everyone respects Tom.
You two make a great team.
Tom was shorter than me when we were kids.
Children love Halloween.
Tom's opinion counts.
It's something new.
Did Tom have dinner?
My car is in bad shape.
Tom showed Mary a picture of his children.
We'll make changes.
Tom also had a sister.
That's what we did.
Mary really looks pretty.
Tom is only a few inches taller than Mary.
You'd better stick around.
Tom altered his plans.
Drive at a steady speed.
Tom doesn't trust anyone: not his friends, nor his wife, nor his children, nor even himself.
Face the consequence of your actions.
I cannot understand the physics teacher. I am completely lost!
Tom clearly lied.
It's the same wine.
Tom has to speak French every day at work.
Someone sent me a gift.
Tom ate the leftovers.
We'll soon be home.
Give this book to Tom.
That's what we got.
Tom got Mary to drive John and Alice home.
I had good teachers.
Tom baked three cakes.
What are you sorry for?
Don't count Tom out.
You don't trust me, do you?
Tom doesn't want to have to do that again.
Everybody here knows me.
Tom did a brave thing.
It's very slippery.
Mary wore a simple dress.
Something was going on.
I now doubt the whole concept of a "natural sentence". Every sentence is linked to time, place, education and social class.
A truly great man is always modest.
When I am at home, I like to look at the mountains through the window.
Tom dented his car.
Tom couldn't do what Mary asked him to do.
We're a big family.
Tom doesn't sing well.
That's what we saw.
Tom died at home.
I was able to do it.
Tom took care of my dog while I was away.
What's that book about?
Tom doesn't tell lies.
You have such good friends.
Go and help them, Tom.
Everybody's in position.
Tom often reads for a while after dinner.
It didn't look good.
Tom dropped the glass.
Wait for me in the car.
Is Tom running away?
We're a great team.
Tom looks like he's lost a lot of weight.
That's why we care.
Tom fixed my computer.
I'm lucky I'm alive.
Mary got her ears pierced.
Who would've done this?
Tom isn't very likely to be here on time.
You have to do it properly.
Tom got Mary to drive.
Everything's in the car.
Tom felt at home.
It didn't seem real.
Tom is expecting Mary to be at his party.
No one could believe it.
Tom got angry with us.
We're all watching.
I bought that off Tom.
That's worth a lot.
Tom has already told us what he would do.
I've heard about it.
Tom has a foreign car.
Who'd buy one of those?
Is Tom your brother?
You made this all possible.
Tom didn't even invite Mary to his party.
Give me back my tickets.
Tom has a good salary.
It didn't take long.
Mary is a mother of three.
No one slept that night.
Tom and Mary have a daughter named Alice.
We're all worn out.
Tom has a nice income.
The job's not done.
Tom had jeans on.
I ate a slice of pie.
Tom actually took the time to talk to us.
Who's going to be next?
Tom has forgiven Mary.
You need to hear the truth.
My best friend is Tom.
Keep an eye on the kids.
Some flowers are magenta.
Tom's performance was very good tonight.
It doesn't worry me.
Tom has refused to go.
None of them have a job.
Mary was Tom's wife.
We're not bluffing.
Tom will be waiting for us in the lobby.
They don't need us.
Tom has strange ideas.
I don't own a violin.
Mary is cute.
"Mary is cute." "So is Alice."
Don't you agree with me?
Tom will be thirty years old in October.
You need to tell the truth.
Tom is a hair stylist.
All I have to do is wait.
Tom has big lips.
It has a hole in it.
Tom went on a picnic with Mary's family.
See you again very soon.
Tom is a pediatrician.
We're not doing it.
My daughter likes Tom.
They should pay me.
Tom was right next to me the whole time.
I got kind of scared.
Tom is a stubborn man.
Everyone is here, right?
Tell Tom we said so.
You probably can't do that.
Tom told me to be here by 2:tomorrow.
At first, it wasn't easy.
Tom is a yoga teacher.
It looks pretty bad.
Mary doesn't carry a purse.
Sorry for being so late.
Tom showed Mary a picture of his family.
We're not offended.
Tom is behaving oddly.
They should use it.
Tom has charisma.
I just need one more.
Tom sends me flowers every Mother's Day.
Is that a boy or a girl?
Tom is buying bananas.
You're just making excuses.
Everyone calls him Tom.
Baseball is a team sport.
Tom noticed a change in Mary's behavior.
It rained last week.
Tom is in for a shock.
Step away from the door.
That's how Tom died.
We're not quitters.
Tom insisted that all of us go with him.
They walk too slow.
Tom is known for that.
I like how you think.
Mary is a really nice girl.
You should not regret anything in this life. What happened happened - life goes on.
Were you waiting for me?
Tom got here three hours after Mary did.
You said you wanted to quit.
Tom is my good friend.
Baseball is fun to watch.
Tom hates sports.
It wasn't so simple.
Tom doesn't even live in Boston anymore.
Tell everyone the truth.
Tom is tall and lanky.
We're not stopping.
I have pictures of Tom.
They want to fight.
Tom buys a newspaper on his way to work.
I love being outside.
Tom is unable to read.
Why are you in my house?
That's what Tom did.
You shouldn't drive so fast.
Tom ate the whole watermelon by himself.
Come back here right now.
Tom knew he was wrong.
It went really well.
Mary is as pretty as Alice.
People often ask me that.
Tom would think this was too expensive.
We're not stubborn.
Tom knows what's good.
They want you back.
Tom is a dentist.
I love teaching kids.
Tom was able to do it on his third try.
Why did you buy so much?
Tom looks very afraid.
You shouldn't have run away.
I was talking with Tom.
Don't leave me like this.
Tom doesn't get along with his parents.
It'll be ready soon.
Tom married a teacher.
Spare me the details.
Language is a bridge, not only for our contemporaries, but also between the past and the future.
My situation is different.
That's why Tom left.
We're pretty happy.
Tom and Mary usually eat dinner at six.
They won that game.
Tom may well be right.
I need to rent a car.
Mary is wearing a new dress.
Would you like to start?
Tom and Mary have one adopted daughter.
You've had a very busy week.
Tom may win this time.
Let's have another drink.
Tom is a florist.
It'll be really fun.
Tom will be back in about three hours.
Nobody came to work today.
Tom never drinks wine.
We're real excited.
I'd like to forget Tom.
When I see in a dictionary or grammar that some word or expression is to be avoided, I feel totally justified in using it.
They won't fire me.
Tom was thirty years old when he died.
I want an answer now.
Tom plays tennis, too.
Are you also from Boston?
What would Tom pack?
You have to guess what it is.
Tom seems as easy-going as his father.
All we have to do is wait.
Tom refused our offer.
It'll clear up soon.
Mary made Alice a new dress.
Nothing comes easy for us.
Tom said he just didn't have the time.
We're saving lives.
Tom resigned suddenly.
They'll get caught.
Tom is a pianist.
I've had a good time.
Tom quit writing and put down his pen.
Are you from Boston, too?
Tom ridiculed my idea.
You love this car, don't you?
I'm going out with Tom.
At least, no one was hurt.
Tom is very upset about what happened.
It'll get warm soon.
Tom screamed in agony.
Our team has good players.
What'll Tom do next?
We're sure of that.
Tom is probably doing the right thing.
They'll never know.
Tom seems really nice.
I agree with you 100%.
My girlfriend's name is Mary.
Can I borrow an umbrella?
Tom is just a little taller than Mary.
You really speak French well.
Tom should be scolded.
I had lunch at a bakery.
Russia is huge.
Be more careful next time.
Tom is a trainee.
It'll rain tomorrow.
Tom has been offered his old job back.
Please say you're kidding.
Tom slipped me a note.
We're taking turns.
Let's go say hi to Tom.
They're both crazy.
Tom has been coming here a lot lately.
I can't go home again.
Tom smells like a dog.
Do you want me to decide?
When does Tom study?
You speak French really well.
Tom had fun with Mary and her friends.
Everybody started running.
Tom studied in Boston.
It's actually funny.
Mary wanted to be a ballerina.
"I wonder why you always lose just one sock out of a pair." "If you lost both, you wouldn't notice it, right?" "Yeah, I guess you're right."
The flowers are magenta.
The flower is magenta.
Pretend you didn't see me.
Tom does all the cooking in our house.
We're very hopeful.
Tom thinks I love him.
They're just human.
Tom is a yes-man.
I think we'll be fine.
Tom can't have solved the problem yet.
Don't you know the truth?
Tom took Mary dancing.
You're an artist, aren't you?
People really like Tom.
Everybody's looking at me.
Tom and I went to law school together.
It's almost October.
Tom took a painkiller.
Put this in your backpack.
Where does Tom work?
We've been patient.
Tom and I used to be on the same team.
Mary doesn't like parsley.
She's making parsley tea.
Papiamento is a creole language.
They're tough guys.
Tom took pity on Mary.
I think you look sexy.
Mary does look a bit like Alice.
Haven't you finished yet?
Tom would think this was really cool.
You can't buy these in Boston.
Tom took this picture.
Get down from that ladder.
Tom is an author.
It's almost perfect.
Tom was wearing an old pair of shoes.
Quit before it's too late.
Tom tried to trick us.
We've changed that.
That boy's name is Tom.
They're tough kids.
Tom says you may not need to do that.
I was aching all over.
Tom understands music.
According to a Spanish proverb you should never read the Bible, unless you want to become an atheist.
These shoes cost too much.
Are you willing to help me clean the garage?
How did you get so dirty?
Where's Tom playing?
You clearly aren't very happy.
Tom saves about 30% of what he earns.
Give me that book, please.
Tom unzipped his coat.
It's not you I hate.
Mary is almost as pretty as you.
Running a farm isn't easy.
Tom promised Mary that he'd be there.
We've got a chance.
Tom walks with a limp.
They're very happy.
Tom is an outlaw.
I don't know this road.
Tom painted the house all by himself.
Is it hot enough for you?
Tom wants a motorcycle.
You could've been really hurt.
Everybody calls him Tom.
When I'm rich, I'll buy a farm.
Unfortunately I don't make any money.
Beth is slimmer than her sister now.
This land is sacred to my people.
According to mythology, Prometheus stole the sacred fire from the gods.
Just give me the car keys.
Tom married Mary on October 20, 2013.
It'll be spring soon.
Tom was an honest man.
Some people can't do that.
Why didn't Tom wait?
We've had some fun.
Tom left home when he was very young.
This is a bad deal.
Tom was my babysitter.
I don't recognize them.
Mary is the perfect girl for me.
May I borrow an umbrella?
Tom is the oldest player on our team.
You deserve to know the truth.
Tom was my role model.
Keep all the doors locked.
Tom is very sexy.
It smells bad in here.
Tom had to carry all three suitcases.
Tom is one of Tatoeba's sacred "icons". Therefore, he is untouchable.
Some people can't do this.
Tom watered the roses.
We beat three teams.
I must apologize to Tom.
This is a hard job.
Tom had a tooth pulled out yesterday.
I know you're talented.
Tom went home by taxi.
What kind of plane is it?
Even Tom was baffled.
You haven't seen anything yet.
Tom expected Mary to be at his party.
Let me help you out a bit.
Tom went home on foot.
It'll be a long night.
Mary is much prettier than Alice.
Most of the staff has left.
Tom died three hours after Mary died.
We can arrange that.
Tom will come at 2:30.
Berries are fleshy fruits.
After supper we went to the river and observed the night sky.
In former times one wore the national costume every day.
This is just awful.
Tom isn't a hero.
I like speaking French.
Tom didn't really do a very good job.
Where are the other guys?
Tom's car caught fire.
You love Christmas, don't you?
I think that guy is Tom.
Let me take a short break.
Tom didn't even attempt to help Mary.
It'll get warmer soon.
Tom already knows that.
No one is going to help us.
I hope Tom will come.
We can at least try.
Tom and his friends painted the barn.
This is just crazy.
Tom also has a brother.
I liked everyone I met.
Mary has always wanted to be a nurse.
Why didn't you slow down?
Tom will go to Australia in October.
You understand why, don't you?
Tom and I share a room.
Driving a truck isn't easy.
Tom isn't in now.
It'll only get better.
Tom was the oldest one in our class.
No one loves you like I do.
Tom barely said a word.
We can do something.
I'm feeling sad for Tom.
This isn't logical.
Tom was my only friend at that time.
I made a doll for Mary.
Tom began to eat lunch.
Why didn't you take that?
I love Tom's cooking.
You'd better go back to class.
Tom was fined three hundred dollars.
"Well, I must be off." "So soon?" "Yes, I'm afraid so. Toodle-oo."
Don't you have any more?
Everything seemed to be OK.
Tom can swim very fast.
It'll soon be October.
Mary really looks a lot like her mother.
Somebody came to our house.
Tom says he doesn't feel well today.
We can't fail again.
Tom deserved the prize.
This week was nice.
Tom left on time.
I see you're all awake.
Tom put a lot of honey on his toast.
Why has it taken so long?
Tom didn't like school.
You ought to have known better.
I've never heard of Tom.
Let's sing that song again.
Tom knows we didn't do this for him.
It'll be fine tomorrow.
Tom doesn't have a gun.
Are you busy at work?
He is a student, he studies Chinese at the Università degli Studi di Parma.
I am using a 30-day trial copy of the music software.
You may evaluate the software before the trial period expires in days.
Take it to the repair shop.
Is Tom available now?
We did it as a team.
Tom hasn't been here in a long time.
That isn't accurate.
Tom drives an old Ford.
I should get going now.
Mary doesn't wear as much makeup as Alice.
Are you getting a new car?
Tom has tried to kill himself again.
You should come back to Boston.
Tom forced me to do it.
Come with me to the station.
Tom likes soccer.
It's a monumental task.
Tom has long hair and wears glasses.
What happened wasn't right.
Tom gave me a bad cold.
We didn't back down.
The boy I helped is Tom.
The small table is gray.
"Tell me what you want and I will give it to you," said Alexander the Great to Diogenes. "I don't need anything," the sage responded, "but if you want to make me happy, stop blocking my sunlight."
The wall clock of the living room is inaccurate.
Children are drawing on the pavement with chalk.
Why have you brought the child here?
That plan can hardly be improved upon.
A more convenient and detailed reference grammar, I have yet to meet.
That isn't my fault.
Tom has gone back home to Australia.
I think I can fix this.
Tom gave me this watch.
Are you giving up so soon?
That's Tom's problem.
You should've practiced harder.
Tom goes to school early on Mondays.
Get back to work right away.
Tom got upset and left.
It's so hard to choose.
Mary doesn't wear as much makeup as Alice does.
Maybe we'll try again later.
Tom doesn't like to work by himself.
We didn't expect it.
Tom has a Japanese car.
That isn't our goal.
Tom loves trains.
I won't practice today.
Tom doesn't have to work on Sundays.
The German professor said that at some point I should get acquainted with German punctuation, but after fifty years it is still on my to-do list.
For too long, forgetting your mother tongue was a sign of patriotism in the land of immigrants.
Rye, wheat, and barley are cereals.
Are you looking for these?
Tom has a lot of debts.
You'd better get back to class.
Their son's name is Tom.
Let's go back to the garage.
Tom does his homework before dinner.
It's so hard to decide.
Tom has a lot of poise.
Nobody was paying attention.
That's all Tom needs.
We don't lose often.
Tom died three hours after Mary did.
That isn't the plan.
Tom has gone back home.
I wonder who drew this.
Tom made a robot.
Are you sure you'll be OK?
Tom did everything he could to help.
You delivered the wrong package.
Tom has the right idea.
I was alone that night, making noises to trick you, that's all!
Let's go back to your house.
We know how to find Tom.
It'll be very, very hot.
Tom cooked supper for us last night.
Only three people were hurt.
Tom hasn't paid us yet.
We had strict rules.
That's what Tom does.
That isn't the same.
Tom came home very drunk last night.
I'll fix it right away.
Tom heard Mary singing.
Are you the hotel manager?
Tom often smiles.
You didn't have to tell me that.
Tom and Mary go to school full-time.
Almost everything went wrong.
Tom hit me on the head.
It'll cool down tonight.
We used to call him Tom.
People don't want the truth.
Tom will never find out about this.
We haven't lost yet.
Tom is a single father.
That would be awful.
Where was Tom killed?
I came here with my mom.
Tom was too sick to get out of bed.
Didn't you read the story?
Tom is as busy as I am.
You must've had a very hard day.
Tom plays tennis.
Don't take their word for it.
Tom was apparently very convincing.
It'll stop raining soon.
Tom is crazy about you.
Perhaps it'll rain tomorrow.
We usually call him Tom.
We hope we're wrong.
Tom told me to get out of his room.
On May 13, slavery was officially abolished in Brazil.
People have no use for the truth.
That's a big change.
Tom is expected to win.
I can't get out of here.
I hope that Tom comes.
Do you have your own room?
Tom stood in the corner by himself.
You really could've gotten hurt.
Tom is mowing his lawn.
Let's split a bottle of wine.
Tom saved us all.
It's been raining a lot.
Tom sold three refrigerators today.
Please don't mention my age.
Tom is out for the day.
We just did our job.
What nationality is Tom?
That's a great deal.
Tom should be around thirty by now.
I can't move any faster.
Tom isn't a clever boy.
Whether by a Hitler salute or a hand on your heart, I consider the expression of patriotism to be the symptoms of a disease, whose cause and cure should be more closely studied.
Has a certain presidential candidate lowered the bar for what may be said in polite society?
You ought to study.
Why is swimming not allowed in this river?
You are a strange man.
Who are you, a good guy or a pretty girl?
Because you are an idiot!
This section of your dissertation has to be rewritten.
Everything you need to leaf through a good book: a big, fluffy bed, snug armchair, and, of course, a wall-to-wall selection of reading material.
Your nose is running!
I don't believe we have enough time.
Don't you like that smell?
Is Tom playing tennis?
You're not telling me the truth.
Tom says he didn't know what to do.
Do what your father tells you.
Tom isn't your brother.
It's my turn to do that.
Tom teaches yoga.
Running a farm is difficult.
Tom needs to get a high-paying job.
We just want to win.
Tom just turned thirty.
That's a real shame.
You tell jokes like Tom.
I can't wait to go home.
Tom isn't as happy as he should be.
How long were you in jail?
Tom likes ham and eggs.
You're obviously not very happy.
Is Tom your real name?
She likes to read magazines.
Let's wreck him.
I propose replacing "Tom and Mary" with "Pancras and Petunia."
Tom was on Viagra.
Halloween is still weeks away.
Tom is wearing a black shirt today.
It's really challenging.
Tom likes jelly donuts.
Tell me how you really feel.
Tom was troubled.
We love coming here.
Tom is just an average teenage boy.
That's a true story.
Tom likes soccer a lot.
I didn't do it that way.
Hello, everyone, I'm Tom.
Is it really your day off?
Tom had open-heart surgery in 2013.
You have everything you need now.
Tom likes working hard.
Last summer we went to Boston.
Remember Tom's advice.
It should work this time.
Tom does stuff like this every day.
Try to keep up.
Tell me who did this to you.
Tom loves Indian music.
Tom woke Mary up.
That's affecting me.
Tom didn't make it to Mary's party.
I drank a lot of coffee.
Tom made Mary stand up.
What are those kids doing?
I can run as fast as Tom.
You have to do exactly what I do.
Tom didn't let me do what I wanted.
Bad things are going to happen.
Tom majored in history.
It was a huge difference.
This is Tom's bicycle.
Tell us how you really feel.
Tom didn't even notice I was there.
We need to be quiet.
Tom met John in prison.
That's all you need.
Mary works at a health food store.
Boys flocked to the attractive woman like flies around a honeypot.
As it was a less developed country, I couldn't enjoy the plumbing that I was used to.
I ended up tripping and skinning my knee while I was it in our game of blind man's bluff.
She drove a sport utility vehicle only to drop her kids off at soccer practice.
I removed her number after severing our friendship.
I tried to align the pieces of metal perfectly together before soldering them.
After she lost her legs, she had no more use for her anklets.
Traveler's checks are so infrequently used that there is hardly a cashier who knows how to process them.
Every once in a while, I take my boyfriend a lunch while he's at work.
My room is so cluttered that I'm too embarrassed to invite anyone in.
Nearly every woman I know has experienced some instance of sexual harassment.
Will artificial intelligence grow to kill humankind?
Due to his littering offense, he was forced to hours community service.
His early start disqualified him from the race.
As finals approached, I nearly had a nervous breakdown.
His fart was so lethal that I nearly passed out.
Acid rain destroyed the luster that once graced the marble statue.
He instantly regretted taking apart the laptop after realizing how many complex components there were inside.
Elasmosaurs generally have the look of oversized, shellless turtles with long necks.
A prime interest rate is typically a better interest rate given to good customers by banks.
The deep coves by the beach were prime spots for the local teen couples.
The linkage between the RV and the car was weak, allowing for the car to be left behind at the first pothole.
Through some strategic planning, she managed to get into her teacher's computer to find the exam.
After the thorough plundering of the town, its people had no riches and no goods left.
After fortifying the house, no zombie had a chance of getting in.
It was surprising to see the stranger beckon me over.
The subsistence farmer grew so little that there was no room for leftovers.
I'm not sure how I got a shilling in my change from the cashier.
It's not every day that Congress ratifies a new amendment.
The only time some of my acquaintances talk to me is to post some birthday love onto my Facebook wall.
Tom ate all of it.
I have no idea who did that.
Tom could very well get re-elected.
What's wrong with all of you?
Tom met Mary in Boston.
You haven't done a very good job.
I can't really trust Tom.
Everybody went to the same bar.
Tom could do everything by himself.
It wasn't anything fancy.
Tom might not be happy.
Most people don't enjoy this.
Does Tom run every day?
We never get enough.
Tom claims he has never told a lie.
That's helped a lot.
Tom must be mad at you.
I just need some advice.
Tom ate an orange.
Where do you usually park?
I'm not going to reveal her secrets.
The wandering heifer's earmark revealed that it had escaped from the farm down the road.
Her ignorant comments had the earmarks of a sheltered lifestyle.
The policymaker made sure to carefully consider the pros and cons in his work.
Her persistent work ethic was due to her education in the school of hard knocks.
Children came running in terror from the different spookhouses along the street.
That mulatto nudity was dressed all in white — yes.
Tom solved only half the problems correctly.
Tom took the habit of running every morning.
The students promised to uprise if that substitute ever returned.
The young man woos women for sport.
A great variety of plants and animals live in the tropical rain forest.
After her physical training session, she rewarded herself with some ice cream.
If you're not careful, the dog will sever the head of your doll.
The club broke into subgroups.
Tom came here with Mary, didn't he?
You look fantastic in that dress.
Tom must've lied to us.
Flying a helicopter isn't easy.
I changed my name to Tom.
It'll be cloudy tomorrow.
Tom asked me to buy a case of beer.
No one will ever forget this.
Tom plays the bagpipes.
We waited till 2:30.
Does Tom teach history?
That's how it began.
Tom and Mary will co-host the show.
I knew I was safe there.
Tom reads a great deal.
Who do you think's wrong?
Tom ate the apple.
You've made me feel a lot better.
Tom and Mary have a son named John.
Have the decency to keep quiet.
Tell Tom that he was recommended by Mary.
Tom was recommended by Mary.
He's intelligent, but not wise.
Mary wanted to impress her friends.
Mary really likes to show off.
Tom just wants to show off.
Tom is not easy to impress.
She's not easy to impress.
Mary is always up-to-date on the latest fads.
Mary is always up-to-date on the latest fashions.
Mary is always up-to-date on the latest trends.
Tom is always up-to-date with the latest news.
These snails are edible.
Tom and Mary ate snails at the restaurant last night.
Mary is always up to date with the latest fashions.
He's easy to impress.
Tom suffers from multiple sclerosis.
Tom ordered escargots.
Mary put some goji berries in her smoothie.
Tom ate kangaroo at a restaurant in Australia.
She likes to show off.
He likes to show off.
Mary likes to show off.
I can see you're upset. What's wrong?
Two lions have escaped from a zoo in Leipzig, Germany.
Are you taking notes?
Shut up and get back to work.
Rubber is extracted from rubber trees.
Latex is a natural ingredient that comes from rubber trees.
Latex is used to make many products such as gloves, swim caps, condoms or balloons.
Some people are allergic to latex.
Tires are made from synthetic rubber.
Is it that obvious?
There was no one on the other end of the line.
I hate listening to voicemail.
It's taking a little longer than I expected.
It took a little longer than I expected.
Tom lied to his wife.
Mary lied to her husband.
His mother is calling him.
She's only with him for his money.
I am human, and I think nothing human is alien to me.
I searched anxiously, but I found nothing.
Tom said it was unfair.
It's about time to leave.
I like shopping with Tom.
Nobody saw or heard anything.
Tom won't really do that, will he?
We were all thirsty.
Tom sat down near Mary.
That's how it works.
I didn't know Tom died.
I know what I told them.
Tom thought Mary was lying to him.
Who else would've done it?
Tom seems to be honest.
You're not getting a penny from me.
Tom ate the salad.
Let's see what's wrong with it.
Tom should be able to get it done.
It was a very close fight.
Tom seems to know Mary.
So what's wrong with my idea?
The walls of the town were destroyed.
You may leave the room.
Why is fishing not permitted here?
Why is swimming not permitted here?
Why aren't we allowed to swim here?
Is it OK if we swim here?
May we swim here?
Say, at the moment I'm considering acquiring an used bike of or cc for more or less a hundred thousand japanese yen.
I really want to see Tom.
We were both shaken.
Tom says he comes here every year.
That's just a start.
Tom sent Mary a letter.
I like this much better.
I think Tom loves Mary.
Who wants to cut the cake?
Tom probably won't like this game.
You're quite right to be concerned.
Tom spoke for one hour.
Let's take a closer look at it.
Tom bikes to work.
It was time to go to work.
Tom plays bass guitar in our band.
Maybe there's something wrong.
Tom stole Mary's watch.
We were both sleepy.
I'll always remember Tom.
Wherever I go, I won't lose my passion.
The Brazilian flag has a green background (alluding to the rainforest) with a yellow diamond (representative of gold and the country's wealth in mineral resources) in whose center a starry blue disc symbolizes the sky of the region, with the number of stars corresponding to the states of the federation. In the central belt is inscribed a motto of the country.
Tom lives and breathes basketball.
I really loved that car.
Tom teased me about it.
Why don't you help me now?
We should pay Tom more.
You've got something in your teeth.
Tom lived in Boston until he died.
Come again whenever you want to.
Tom tidied up his room.
It'll be over in a minute.
Tom broke the cup.
Maybe you should go to Boston.
Tom lived a very frugal lifestyle.
We were like family.
Tom told us some jokes.
That's not a choice.
It was me who killed Tom.
I think I'm really sick.
Tom isn't very likely to get lost.
Why has the train stopped?
Do you think it is easy to deceive children?
Fishing is not permitted in this lake.
Even in death it is sublime listening to Bach!
Tom took Mary swimming.
You probably won't be able to do that.
We want Tom to do well.
Don't expect anything to change.
Tom isn't coming back till Monday.
It'll be over in a moment.
Tom took a bubble bath.
Now something is really wrong.
Tom can do better.
We'll find out soon.
Tom is taller than the rest of us.
That's not accurate.
Tom took us to the zoo.
I thought I'd better go.
They named their son Tom.
Would you please sit down?
Tom is one of our hardest workers.
You should be able to do this by yourself.
Tom walked ahead of me.
Don't leave your suitcase there.
He is a man of quick decisions.
We're friends of Tom's.
It's good to see you, too.
Tom is just a typical 13-year-old.
Skateboarding is a lot of fun.
Tom wanted to hug Mary.
We'll never give up.
Tom can read well.
That's not changing.
Tom is a very civic-minded person.
I told you I'm the best.
Tom wants to get a dog.
Would you please stand up?
This box was made by Tom.
You should be able to do this without any help.
Tom injured himself playing rugby.
Let's all go to Boston together.
Tom wants to go abroad.
It's hard to stop smoking.
Where was Tom tortured?
Something went terribly wrong.
The vulva is the outer part of the vagina.
Mary is a shy and reserved young woman.
Tom is a shy and reserved young man.
Tom tried to reassure his wife.
Yesterday there were two weddings here.
Some of the cobalt used in phone and laptop batteries is dug out by hand in Congo.
The miners work in dangerous conditions.
Please open the trunk.
Sergei Pavlovich Korolev was the lead Soviet rocket engineer during the Space Race.
Tom checked on me to make sure I was okay.
Tom asked Mary if he could copy her notes.
Can I copy your notes?
All the girls fancied him.
Mary is a girly girl.
Mary is not a girly girl.
I'm sure Mary wouldn't mind.
Tom ate a quesadilla.
I couldn't help staring at her.
I couldn't help staring at Tom.
Her eyes were swollen.
Her face was all puffed up.
Tom's body was covered with bruises.
Tom helped Mary pry open the door.
We'll talk about it.
Tom was a late bloomer.
That's not our goal.
Tom can swim fast.
I want to see you alone.
Tom has hired a divorce attorney.
Are you ready for the race?
Tom was a little angry.
It's likely to rain today.
This is my teammate, Tom.
Let's go back and get some more.
Tom has even more books than I do.
We'll work with you.
Tom was a rugby player.
One of our gas cans is missing.
Apparently, Tom is sick.
I want to talk about us.
Tom has dated both Mary and Alice.
That's not the plan.
The population of the city dropped by a third.
The population of the town dropped by a third.
The population of the village dropped by a third.
The population of the country dropped by a third.
The population of the region dropped by a third.
Tom was staring at you.
It could be worth millions.
Tom died recently.
Can I have some more candy?
Tom can run almost as fast as you.
We're all satisfied.
Tom was surprised, too.
Boston is the place I want to be.
You can just call me Tom.
I wanted to take a rest.
Tom can do things that I can't do.
My old job was extremely boring.
Tom will come after me.
It didn't make sense to me.
Are Tom and Mary dating?
That's not the same.
Tom believed everything Mary said.
We're all taxpayers.
Tom will probably fail.
Couldn't you help me first?
If that woman will love me for who I am for a lifetime, I would marry her.
We were in the hallway of the second floor of the hospital.
According to the budget, she could expend no more on supplies.
The sky is serene.
She opened the box.
You don't have the monopoly of the heart.
Tom died suddenly.
I was on my way to work.
Tom ate the whole cake by himself.
Let me take a look at your tires.
Tom works in a sawmill.
It sounds cool, doesn't it?
I don't want to fight Tom.
No one went out on that balcony.
Tom's dog followed him to school.
We're desperate now.
Tom also has a daughter.
That's pretty clear.
Are you and Tom enemies?
I was too scared to ask.
Tom will walk to school tomorrow.
Do you want to see my boat?
Tom also plays clarinet.
It's easier than I thought.
Tom fed the horse.
Arsenic is odorless and tasteless.
Tom will probably like this game.
We're going to stay.
Tom always got up early.
Only three people were in the room.
I'd like to talk with Tom.
I'll show you the ropes.
Tom will like this game, I think.
That's pretty scary.
Tom and Mary have a son.
It's finally time to leave.
Did Tom really hit Mary?
What's the commotion about?
Tom was sort of bashful as a kid.
We're great friends.
Tom ate the whole apple.
Being a teacher is very hard work.
Tom found my bike.
I'll turn on the lights.
Tom was like a big brother to me.
People come and go as they want.
A large bird landed on the windowsill.
I'm just a pencil pusher.
Don't take that tone with me, Tom!
Call me back when you find it.
She pretended to ignore him.
Mary looked away and pretended to ignore Kate.
I didn't want to make a scene in front of everyone.
Don't take that tone of voice with me.
I don't have any feelings for Tom.
Tom and his family say grace before every meal.
I didn't ask him to dance. He asked me.
I don't have any feelings for you.
I don't have any feelings for her.
Don't you have any feelings for her at all?
Don't you have any feelings for him at all?
Don't you have any feelings for me at all?
Did you say thank you?
I rolled out of bed.
Tom bought a dozen eggs.
It's my job to help people.
My neighbor's name is Tom.
That's pretty weird.
Tom should've let me talk to him.
We're not in Boston.
Tom brushed Mary's hair.
What's the reason for this?
Don't tell Tom and Mary.
I'm all right with that.
Tom seems like an easy-going guy.
Boston is a long way from Chicago.
Tom came here to see me.
It'll be fine tomorrow, too.
Tom has potential.
Please call the FBI immediately.
Tom says he'll come to the party.
We're not ready yet.
Tom can drive a car now.
That's quite a list.
Oh! It's beautiful!
It's a bright, beautiful day outside.
They're back at it again.
Tom's apartment is small, but it's very cozy.
The population of the region dropped precipitously over the last decades, which prompted action by the local authorities to promote higher birth rates and attract immigration.
Tom let himself in through the back door.
Do you want me to try talking to him?
Do you want me to try talking to her?
It's such a beautiful day outside.
How is the weather outside?
The blue sky seemed to stretch forever.
It's a beautiful day outside.
The soldier was blinded by a flashbang grenade.
The children played on the monkey bars.
Tom would never have done such a thing.
Mary would never have done such a thing.
Tom and Mary rolled around in the grass.
They rolled around in the grass.
They teased each other.
Really? Are you serious?
Tom's muscles tightened when Mary touched his shoulder.
Tom and I were alone.
Tom sat in his beanbag chair.
Tom sat in the bean bag chair.
I hope you'll be happy here.
Have you seen my red tie?
Tom made a campfire.
Tom taught me how to make a campfire.
You'd have done the same for me.
Tom gave Mary a key to his apartment.
Come on. We don't have all day.
What did he say exactly?
What did she say exactly?
The roller coaster was really scary.
She should be here soon.
He should be here soon.
Tom took Mary's hand and squeezed it.
Tom turned down the promotion.
We went dancing.
I don't remember his last name.
Which side of the bed do you sleep on?
Why are you so interested all of a sudden?
Mary is an accomplished writer.
Tom is an accomplished writer.
They named their baby Tom.
I'm glad everyone is OK.
Tom likes to read in the evening.
What's this thing used for?
Tom can play the guitar.
It'll be winter before long.
I thought Tom was dying.
Do everything you can to be happy.
Tom is very dedicated to his job.
We're not satisfied.
Tom cooks his own meals.
Waiting is just a waste of time.
Tom hates jogging.
I'm losing faith in you.
Tom is too young to be doing that.
That's really crazy.
It'll rain in the afternoon.
This house belongs to Tom.
When did you guys get here?
I know you'd have done the same for me.
Tom hasn't signed a contract yet.
We're not surprised.
Tom did nothing but cry.
Everyone wondered who it could be.
I visited Tom yesterday.
I'm not good at singing.
Tom has gotten pretty good at it.
Your idea is not entirely crazy.
Tom didn't even show up.
It's impossible to describe.
Tom is a minister.
That's really nasty.
Tom has gone back home to Boston.
We're not the enemy.
Tom didn't get up early.
Where are the strawberries?
We're here to support Tom.
I'm not paid to do that.
Tom has come back from Australia.
Friends and relatives are invited.
The deer roam freely inside the park.
Tom strode into the office.
It is easier to implant a belief into someone about a subject they have not considered, than it is to change a preexisting opinion.
We still have more to learn.
Due to technical reasons, the search feature is currently disabled.
Tom didn't stay with us.
It's nice to be appreciated.
Mary knit Tom a sweater.
Maybe you should call the police.
Tom has always been a health nut.
We're not yet there.
Tom didn't stop talking.
That's really scary.
Tom is a tall boy.
I've been writing a lot.
Tom doesn't like mashed potatoes.
Where did I put the hammer?
Tom didn't study at all.
It's not very far from here.
You forgot to mention Tom.
History is repeating itself again.
Tom doesn't have to work anymore.
We're playing cards.
Tom died Monday morning.
My brother and I were very close.
She was seated between Tom and Mary.
She wanted to tease Tom.
Mary lifted her head.
A good name is better than precious ointment; and the day of death than the day of one's birth.
A merry heart doeth good like a medicine: but a broken spirit drieth the bones.
My family is my life.
Whoso boasteth himself of a false gift is like clouds and wind without rain.
We chose Tom as captain.
I hope that won't happen.
Tom didn't look dangerous at all.
That's self-evident.
Tom died some years ago.
It doesn't happen very often.
Tom is an acrobat.
Whose phone number is this?
Tom couldn't reach the top shelf.
We're proud of that.
Tom dressed like a girl.
Let me tell you how I really feel.
Have you ever even met Tom?
I learn French at school.
Tom comes home every day at 2:30.
Never mix business with pleasure.
Tom dyed his hair green.
It must've happened that way.
We hope Tom will see it.
That's simply wrong.
A stone is heavy, and the sand weighty; but a fool's wrath is heavier than them both.
The words of a man's mouth are as deep waters, and the wellspring of wisdom as a flowing brook.
Whoso diggeth a pit shall fall therein: and he that rolleth a stone, it will return upon him.
Every man shall kiss his lips that giveth a right answer.
Tom can play baseball quite well.
We're ready to help.
Tom eats a lot of fruit.
Why do you still have this?
Tom is an atheist.
I like solving mysteries.
Tom and Mary often sing together.
Free refreshments will be provided.
Tom gave us lots to eat.
It would be crazy to do that.
I'll write a letter to Tom.
Nothing can be taken for granted.
Tom's flight has just taken off.
We're ready to play.
Tom gets very emotional.
That's way too much.
What did Tom want to do?
I never said any of that.
Tom was late again this morning.
Are you from Boston as well?
There's something Tom is not telling us.
There's something Mary is not telling us.
There's something he's not telling us.
There's something she's not telling us.
I'm a geologist.
I lost my parking ticket.
I'm afraid I can't tell you that.
I know he's hiding something.
I know she's hiding something.
I have downloaded the game application.
She likes Russian Pop.
I am Hungary-born.
They are Hungary-born.
Tom said that he would have called you later.
This computer is already not working.
I like to look at the mountains from my window when I'm in my house.
Why do academics have a double life?
My life is here.
It's not necessary that you repeat it to me so many times.
This time is going to be different.
I didn't sleep on the plane.
You will have to practice a bit more if you want them to accept you in that college of dance.
You should go to the doctor; you've been coughing all day.
Have they ever told you that you dress terribly?
What's made you think that they'd want to kiss you?
What's made you think that he'd want to kiss you?
What's made you think that she'd want to kiss you?
What's made you think that I'd want to kiss you?
Everyone says that my father was working on the space station before he met my mother.
Although no one admits it, Paula is a great cook.
We all know that people leave more in the summer.
The aliens will arrive any day.
When we say liberty, we associate it with Lincoln.
Tom should be at home.
There were a lot of people at the party.
To a king dead, a king posted.
You'd better believe that the story is exhagerated.
I'm gonna leave her a tip.
I'm gonna leave him a tip.
I'm turned on.
You don't value me.
I want a man, not an immature asshole who hasn't figured out what he wants out of life.
I feel like a kid who suddenly realizes that Santa Claus doesn't exist.
What are you telling me? You're going?
My friend told me that this coming Monday an exhibition about Spanish history is opening.
Tom left the cafe in front of Maria.
Everything changes after a war.
Do you guys have the photos from Boston?
Do you guys have the photos of Boston?
You guys need new shoes.
I would like to know your origin.
Tom is doing the shopping.
I get the feeling that the floor is cold.
I haven't decided on it yet.
Do you know that person?
I think it's impossible for Tom.
The rabbit jumped over the dog.
I have downloaded a videogame.
I asked for a menu of fried rice in a ramen shop.
I don't have a single book to read.
I have created a perfect plan for capturing that crafty animal.
I made a list of the students' names in alphabetical order.
Don't ever do that to me again.
Tom is singing in the shower.
Tom likes to sing in the shower.
Tom loves to sing in the shower.
Mary could hear Tom singing in the shower.
Why do you always take her side?
Why do you always take his side?
The highest wisdom is that of the heart.
Tom goes to work by bus.
It'll be fine this afternoon.
Tom is cross-eyed.
Let's continue this discussion tomorrow.
Tom was especially good at that.
We're really afraid.
Tom handles horses well.
Pay closer attention from now on.
I'm not nervous around Tom.
I want to be in the race.
Tom was always good to his kids.
That's what love is.
Tom has a Canadian wife.
It'll probably snow tomorrow.
Where can Tom have gone?
Can we play a little longer?
Tom volunteered to go to Boston.
We're still nervous.
Everyone's waiting to see what's going to happen.
Mary is dying.
Mary is dying in the hospital.
Tom is dying in his bed.
Tom works at a pizzeria.
Why is everything so complicated?
Why do you make everything so complicated?
Why do you take everything so seriously?
Tom is a visual thinker.
People die, but the things they create endure.
I am not at all young anymore.
At what age do children leave school?
John goes to school.
I'm afraid I can't tell you this.
The girl spends hours drawing superhero stories.
The boy spends hours drawing superhero comics.
The boy spends hours drawing short stories about superheroes.
It's your color!
Now it's my brother's turn.
I think that this is important.
I can tell it all to my best friend.
If I were you, I would try to be successful.
Tom's warned me about that.
I love to take pictures.
How do I fix this problem?
When I was small I was one of the few boys on the street who didn't like soccer.
When I was small I was one of the few boys on the street who didn't like football.
Many frases from this project aren't translated yet.
He has a mysterious talisman in the form of an eye.
It's a truly difficult problem to resolve.
It's a truly difficult problem to solve.
It's a truly difficult problem to fix.
They're going to consider it a great injustice.
They considered it a great injustice.
Consider me your friend.
You guys consider me your friend.
This hotel was then a school.
We're both named Thomas.
The kids are visitors.
The question is if my parents approve of it or not.
Here anything can happen.
The girl has a sweet heart.
What's the title of your new book?
I don't know the cause.
I like the mountain more than the sea.
Today he feels much better than yesterday.
Yesterday our village became famous all over the country.
Before going to bed, a real programmer puts on the bedside table two glasses: one with water to drink during the night, and another empty, in case he won't be thirsty.
Tom put pressure on me.
He likes music.
You smile.
He plays piano.
I long for you.
I would like to learn Latvian.
The evil of religion does not lie in the religion itself, but in its purveyors, who try to inculcate moral certainty; it is this moral certainty that leads to abuses.
They're lucky.
Tom is kind to us.
I want to go on a picnic.
Tom smiled and started to dance.
Sailing is more fun than fishing.
Tom has a little sister.
It'll soon be breakfast time.
I'm really excited for Tom.
That's what they do.
Tom should've asked us for help.
We're still stunned.
Tom has been a big help.
Did you just call me a jerk?
Did Tom really come back?
Tom says he's never owned a car.
Someday you'll meet someone else.
Tom has been helping me.
It's hard to know what to do.
Tom is often home.
That's what we want.
Tom said he was aching all over.
"Yes, I am Brazilian. No, I don't like carnival."
My neighbour's name is Tom.
Esperanto is a truly regular and easy language.
Why do you care what other people think?
I need to know everything.
Go out and play.
I'm not going to die today.
It's a question not of kind, but of degree.
The answer you give now will determine the course of the rest of your life. I advise you to consider your response carefully.
Give me that box.
Give me that jar.
Give me that laptop.
Hand me that box.
Hand me that jar.
Hand me that laptop.
Hand me that phone.
Ain't nobody got time for that.
It's important to take cultural relativism into account before judging another culture.
The effects of this change don't affect you.
Dude, step off!
Dance like no one is watching.
Cultural appropriation isn't a thing.
Bigots work against democracy.
Labelling speech as hate speech is a way to limit free speech by means of social pressure.
She wants to wait until marriage.
What are the main reasons behind these negative concomitants?
This is only a feast.
I knew this was a dream!
We're the good guys.
Tom has come to see you.
Do I really need to do that?
Is your brother's name Tom?
I'm good at those things.
Tom said he felt sorry for Mary.
Stop taking things so personally.
Tom has decided to come.
It's my turn to wash the dishes.
Does Tom have a computer?
The eggs are broken.
Tom really likes chocolate cake.
We're tired of this.
Tom has left for Boston.
Do you remember saying that?
Tom is our driver.
I'm not excited about it.
Tom made pancakes for all of us.
Suddenly, things were very quiet.
Tom has long brown hair.
My father is watering the flowers.
Don't let that chair get covered with dew outside.
I am a Mexican. I speak Spanish fluently.
My mother said that with a smile.
Now I'd like to talk for a bit about the European Union.
Tom forgot to lock the door to the house.
Tom and I talked at length about this subject.
The cops won't find you there.
It's not too hard to do that.
That man over there is Tom.
The news isn't good.
Tom looked really uncomfortable.
We're truly worried.
Tom has no friends here.
Do you want me to finish it?
Does Tom have green eyes?
I'm not going to compete.
Tom knows where I hid the money.
Your kids need to know the truth.
Tom hates country music.
It was nice of you to show up.
Tom is pig-headed.
There was no change.
Tom isn't coming back on Monday.
We're trying to win.
Tom is a very lucky boy.
How could you be so certain?
We'll certainly invite Tom.
I feel the need to do something different today.
A long time ago, giants ruled the world.
My back hurts from sitting for hours in front of the computer.
Tom recently came back from his trip to Sicily.
I'm sure Mary wouldn't disapprove.
We may be fewer than we would like, but we are far more numerous than you can imagine.
I didn't quite know what to say.
I wrote many sentences in Esperanto.
English is a heavily Latinized Germanic language.
We also did amputations. We had to do them.
All the boats are equipped with oars.
Language is a system of signs.
Language is a living organism.
Chinese is a monosyllabic language.
Italian is a musical language.
Latin is an Indo-European language.
The vocabulary of a language is unlimited.
Your son is sick.
He is too slow.
I knew that he lies.
He gave me friendly advice.
I haven't read this book.
A dog ran away.
The tongue and the palate are the taste organs.
Language is the vehicle of thought.
I'm not going to read it.
Tom is so much faster than I am.
Most students don't like homework.
Tom is a very sweet guy.
It'll cost you thirty dollars.
Does Tom want to go home?
They aren't all bad.
Tom is a good basketball player.
We've done no wrong.
Tom is about thirty now.
Why don't you say something?
Tom is so selfish.
I'm trying to do my best.
Tom intends to become a teacher.
Nobody had any idea what I wanted.
Tom is always like that.
It's a very expensive process.
I have fond memories of Tom.
They aren't doctors.
Tom helped us out when he could.
We've done our work.
Tom is beginning to cry.
Will you tell the truth now?
Has Tom been watching TV?
I couldn't think straight.
Tom has returned from Australia.
My parents made me sell my motorcycle.
Tom is completely crazy.
It's now time for you to rest.
Tom knows us well.
They aren't farmers.
Tom has fewer friends than Mary.
We've not done well.
Tom is in great spirits.
Was there anybody in the car?
We may all have to help Tom.
Tom has always kept me informed.
Mastering a foreign language isn't easy.
Tom is young and single.
It was a difficult year for us.
I've thought a lot about what you said.
Some people followed her.
I dreamed about the girl I met yesterday whose name I do not know.
Has Tom really come back?
They aren't like us.
Tom has already moved to Boston.
We've prepared well.
Tom isn't Mary's friend.
What happened to my suitcase?
Tom likes surfing.
I don't like that anymore.
Tom ended up getting a good job.
More information is available on our website.
Tom isn't a good choice.
It wouldn't be wise to do that.
We're all going to miss Tom.
They aren't related.
Tom did the same thing Mary did.
We can do a lot more.
Tom isn't as fast as me.
What's so special about that?
I saw Tom at the library.
I don't want this anymore.
She woke up in the early morning.
There are several puddles on the roads.
The boy walked through the puddles.
The water has just been brought from the well.
Whom the Lord loveth he chasteneth.
The Lord chastens those he loves.
Tom can't tie his own shoes yet.
Nobody had any idea what was going to happen.
Tom isn't at all stupid.
It'll stop raining before long.
Tom listens to me.
They asked for help.
Tom ate only one slice of bread.
We can't forget that.
Tom isn't ready to quit.
Are you doing that on purpose?
We're not going to fire Tom.
I guess we can be friends.
Tom wouldn't allow me to leave.
Tom isn't working today.
It's about time we get started.
I think that Tom is sick.
They didn't do much.
Tom will help me clean my room.
We didn't believe it.
Tom just missed the bus.
Koblenz lies on the confluence of the Rhine and Moselle rivers.
Tom's relationship with Mary was doomed from the moment he slept with her best friend.
Mary doesn't like it when Tom takes her for granted.
Can't we play a little longer?
Tom lives in town.
I have to go the bathroom.
Tom was my biggest inspiration.
They didn't do that.
Tom keeps surprising me.
It's very difficult to do that.
You really need to call Tom.
Did everyone have a good time?
Tom was eager to help Mary out.
We have a ways to go.
Tom knew I wasn't happy.
They didn't fool us.
I want Tom to understand.
I haven't had dessert yet.
Tom was caught in a stolen car.
Did you do that intentionally?
Tom knows that you know.
It might be worth investigating.
Tom loves animals.
They didn't give up.
Tom was barely able to breathe.
We have to cooperate.
Tom lent me his bicycle.
Do you think you can catch me?
Police are investigating Tom.
I hope everything goes OK.
Tom wants me to buy him a pony.
They didn't know me.
Tom liked to play chess.
It'll clear up in the afternoon.
I wrote to Tom yesterday.
Is the supermarket still open?
Tom took one of his gloves off.
We haven't done well.
Tom likes playing chess.
They didn't succeed.
Tom loves cooking.
I hope nothing goes wrong.
Tom stayed overnight in Boston.
You sound like my wife.
What are you guys waiting for?
Tom likes to play chess.
We don't know much about Tom.
They helped me, too.
Tom should've stayed in Boston.
We like to be casual.
Tom made us some coffee.
What in the world is going on?
I'll be staying at Tom's.
I just want a little help.
Tom seems to be a little tipsy.
They just want jobs.
Tom married a rich girl.
It's not your money that I want.
Tom made me hurry.
Why are they doing this to me?
Tom sat on the bench with Mary.
We need more drivers.
Tom may have lied to us.
No one could imagine.
We mortals die in a thousand ways; we are born in only one. There are a thousand diseases of men, but only one source of health.
They went to Boston.
We weren't talking about Tom.
I know that you work hard.
Tom said he knew how Mary felt.
Aren't you tired of doing that?
Tom needs to sleep more.
It looks like you did a good job.
I'll visit Tom next week.
They were good kids.
Tom might have a crush on Mary.
We need more farmers.
Tom often appears on TV.
Could you stay a little longer?
Tom made pancakes.
I know what to expect now.
Tom may have feelings for Mary.
They're all excited.
Tom often skipped class.
It won't be long before it rains.
We'll do what's best for Tom.
I'm speaking with the director.
The first time Mary met Tom, he came across as a guy who wouldn't stick his neck out for anyone.
Tom has been on the dole since the 6th of August, when he lost his job.
I don't speak his language.
I don't speak her language.
I'm sorry, I don't speak Portuguese.
I can speak neither English nor Spanish.
Esperanto is a language for the whole world.
In order to compensate for the country's aging population, the government has decided to take steps to significantly increase birth and immigration rates.
I have basic reading knowledge of Italian and Swedish.
I can read Polish at a basic level.
I can read many foreign languages, but speak none.
I can understand many foreign languages, but speak none.
Did you get the flowers I sent?
Tom made that decision as well.
We shouldn't give up.
Tom only kissed me once.
They're all serious.
Just ask Tom to help you.
I lost one of my earrings.
Tom likes chocolate cake a lot.
Do you believe in eternal life?
Tom opened his backpack.
It would be crazy not to do that.
Tom made us lunch.
They're aware of it.
Tom liked to make people smile.
We think it's unfair.
Tom pried open the door.
How long have you been in jail?
We've learned a lot from Tom.
I must tell you the truth.
Tom knew he couldn't save Mary.
We are against globalization.
Let me introduce it.
With money you can do everything.
That's none of your beeswax.
It's none of your beeswax.
That's not bad at all!
If I wanted your help, I would have asked you for it.
If I want your help, I'll ask you for it.
You mind your own business.
I hate the desert.
I hate the tundra.
I hate the forest.
He is one of the nicest people I have ever met.
Who took me here?
I would prefer to live in a residential area, not downtown.
They're coming home.
Tom retires next spring.
It'll cost around thirty dollars.
Shall I ask Tom for help?
Where's that music coming from?
Tom just did what he had to do.
We waited until 2:30.
Tom runs as fast as you.
They're doing great.
Tom played tennis.
I need my tools to fix it.
Tom is saying we stole his dog.
Why are you even talking to me?
Tom said he could do it.
It'll stop snowing soon, I think.
You should watch out for Tom.
They're good enough.
Tom is happily married to Mary.
We want to do it now.
Tom said he would do it.
Did Tom mention why the police are looking for him?
Tessa is a good violinist.
Why do you look so tired today?
Should I ask Tom to help?
I need to check something.
Tom helped Mary carry her bags.
They're like family.
Tom said nothing at all.
It's not going to be easy for me.
Tom ran to school.
Are you still working in Boston?
Tom hasn't ever studied French.
We wanted to do more.
Tom said this was wrong.
They're never happy.
We know very little about Tom.
I need to quit doing this.
Tom has really helped us a lot.
Are you sure that's what it was?
Tom sang some old songs.
It's now time for you to go home.
This is Tom's dictionary.
Britain is leaving the European Union.
I heard you singing.
I'm using the same book as you are.
I'm using the same books as you are.
Life is short, so I use Python.
The computer you use is slow.
They're never there.
Tom has really helped the team.
We were all helpless.
Tom scared the children.
Do you really think that's true?
Tom respects Mary.
I try to keep my promises.
Tom has gone back to Australia.
They're nice people.
Tom seems to be excited.
It'll be finished in a day or two.
I don't want to fight with Tom.
How are we going to repair this?
Tom has fallen in love with me.
We were both thirsty.
Tom sent Mary back home.
They're normal kids.
We all know what Tom did.
I'll never run away again.
Tom has been calling every day.
How long will you be doing this?
Tom snuck into the room.
It'll hurt a little, but not much.
Tom screams a lot.
They're not doctors.
Tom grew up with Mary and John.
We were burgled once.
Tom sometimes visits me.
What in the world happened here?
That boy said his name was Tom.
I'll tell you what to buy.
Tom got Mary to drive him home.
They're not farmers.
Tom still can't go home.
It'll take a long time to do that.
We know Tom didn't do it.
What's this computer doing here?
Tom finally caught the chicken.
We were really drunk.
Tom stole money from me.
We use a lot of things.
Fish use their fins as oars.
The fishermen are using nets.
A hundred minus ninety is ten.
We went up by two floors to reach the apparel stalls.
We went up two floors to reach the apparel stalls.
We went up by two floors in order to reach the apparel stalls.
In order to reach the apparel stalls, we went up by two floors.
They're not like us.
Tom sells flowers.
I'll wait a little longer.
Tom doesn't respect his father.
Where have you been all evening?
Tom studies mathematics.
It seems that nothing has happened.
We know what this means to Tom.
They're not related.
We weren't very good.
Tom tightened the bolts.
Why can't our kids do that, too?
What Tom said made sense.
I've been practicing hard.
Tom told us a sad story.
It'll cost around ten thousand yen.
Tom slept an hour.
Will you be in Boston next week?
Tom did send Mary flowers once.
We'll try to do that.
Esperanto is a flexible and practical language, easy to learn and memorize.
The Russian word "друг" doesn't mean quite the same thing as the English "friend".
I understand what they're saying.
This is one of the most serious problems facing this country.
That is one of the most serious problems facing this country.
It is one of the most serious problems facing this country.
We must put our differences aside and band together.
We, as a society, have many problems. This is without a doubt not one of them.
My opponent hates puppies.
My opponent once signed into law a bill outlawing cute puppies. Can you really vote for such a person?
That puppy is so adorable.
That puppy is so cute.
Tom wanted to come, too.
They're our leaders.
We were way too lenient on Tom.
I've got a lot of friends.
Tom built a doghouse yesterday.
Will you go to Boston next week?
Tom wants to go with us.
It'll cost you more to go by plane.
What did Tom want to buy?
They're paying rent.
Tom and Mary haven't eaten yet.
We're a happy family.
Tom was a wonderful man.
Will you please stop teasing me?
Tom told everyone.
I've had a very busy week.
Tom would've loved this place.
They're pretty loud.
Tom was elected in 2013.
It's you who should be thanking me.
That kitten is so adorable.
That kitten is so cute.
We all have our own eccentricities.
He's a complete joke.
She's a complete joke.
They're a complete joke.
We're a complete joke.
It's a complete joke.
The system we have in place now is a complete joke.
It's rigged.
The system is rigged.
The poor get poorer, and the rich get richer.
Look, I already gave you all the help you asked for, and lots more that I was in no way obligated to provide. What more do you want from a guy?
Eating animals is not that different from anthropophagy or cannibalism.
I was picking strawberries in the garden.
I like eating pineapples.
Get ten bananas and five pineapples, so you don't go hungry before pay day.
If you're pretty, but single, then you're not pretty.
Why do you think football isn't popular in America?
Quit goofing off and get back to work!
Stop goofing off and get back to work!
If they do what I say, I will be very generous. If not... Well, let's just say I deal harshly with insubordination.
I do not tolerate insubordination.
"My opponent has kicked many puppies." "I have not, and you know it." "Yes, you have. There is video evidence of you repeatedly kicking many puppies while cackling manically. Is this the type of person you want to be your leader?"
We need a strong person to lead our nation.
You are scum.
You're scum.
The country is in crisis.
War, disease, and famine continue to ravage the poverty-stricken country, despite the decades-long international effort to ameliorate the situation.
I am afraid none of you are capable of doing the job. We will be taking our business elsewhere.
A concerted effort is required to eradicate malaria in the country.
I'm a huge fan of cat videos.
I'm so much smarter than those plebs, with their "cat videos" and "face books". Of course, I wouldn't expect you to understand how tough it is being intelligent.
"Let me know if you change your mind." "Will do."
We need strong leaders who are not afraid of standing up to political correctness.
I'm not afraid of you and your political correctness.
Not to brag, but I'm a really smart guy. Really. I took an IQ test once, and the results were off the charts.
Not to brag, but I'm a pretty good athlete.
"I was talking to Tom Cruise once (a really close friend of mine), and I was telling him about the latest antics of my pal Charlie Sheen. We sat there talking for about an hour when I got a call from Jay Leno. He wanted me to be on his show next week. I was pretty busy, but I told Jay I would find time in my schedule for his show. Oh, I have to be off." "Here are your bags and change, sir." "Thanks." "Thank you, sir, have a great day."
Not to brag, but I'm pretty smart.
Not to brag, but I have a pretty high IQ.
Not to brag, but I just made my first million dollars yesterday.
Not to brag, but I just made my first billion dollars yesterday.
Oh, you're a millionaire? That's nice. It must be nice not having as much money to burn a hole in your pocket. Sadly, I reached billion dollars last month, and it's quite a burden. I have no idea what to do with so much money. I would love to be just a millionaire, but hey, such is life.
"Not to brag, but I just made my first million dollars recently." "Wow, really? Good for you! I reached five billion yesterday, but one million is a great start. I'm really happy for you."
I really don't understand these kids and their "face books". Back in my day, we read real books. They had no battery life, and they wouldn't break if you dropped them. Don't get me started! In the winter, we had to walk to school in two feet of snow, uphill both ways.
You go to the bazaar not to become a sheep, but to buy sheep.
You're obsessed.
We're obsessed.
They're obsessed.
I'm obsessed.
He's obsessed.
She's obsessed.
We're not going to talk to Tom.
Are you sure you heard something?
Tom went to school by bicycle.
We're being cautious.
Tom was late, as always.
They're pretty sick.
Are you Tom by any chance?
I assume that won't happen.
Tom was caught stealing a car.
Boston is a nice place, isn't it?
Tom was the class clown.
It won't be easy to sell this house.
Tom wanted change.
They're proud of me.
Tom was asked to go back home.
We're being laid off.
Tom was unwilling to go.
Could you pull over for a second?
We're really going to miss Tom.
I can't help you this week.
Be the change you want to see in the world.
We need strong leaders who are not afraid to stand up to political correctness.
You must be the change you wish to see in the world.
Tom was actually here tonight.
They're quite sharp.
Tom was very, very busy.
It'll cost more than thirty dollars.
Don't you want to know the truth?
Tom stole some things from me.
We're both very busy.
Tom waved goodbye to me.
This is a great day.
Tom went far away.
I don't recognize that guy.
Tom still has a chance to win.
How does your wife feel about it?
Tom went home and cried.
It won't be long before that happens.
We've had a hard time with Tom.
They treated me well.
Tom said he wanted to do more.
We're not doing that.
Yesterday was Friday.
Where's the nearest public phone?
I want to make a local call.
It's Friday today.
I'd like to withdraw money.
I'd like to withdraw some money.
How much money would you like to withdraw?
What's the admission charge?
Is there a discount for students?
Can I take a photo?
Tom goaded Mary toward the garage.
It's Thursday today.
Tom went in place of me.
How much is a first class ticket?
Did you hear Tom's speech?
I have some advice for you.
Tom realizes what he has done.
This is a small town.
Tom went off in a hurry.
It'll be dark by the time I get home.
Tom agreed with us.
What makes it so hard to do that?
Tom promised it would be done.
We're not the police.
Tom went out in a hurry.
That'll help me a lot.
I have a lot of respect for Tom.
I know that it's the truth.
Tom never really trusted Mary.
Would you really want to do that?
Tom went out the window.
Give Tom a big hug for me.
Surprisingly he is a very good boy.
That's a strange idea.
Tom needed to go back to Boston.
We're out of control.
Tom will like this game.
Do you think they'll find us here?
Tom ate a doughnut.
I need you to go to Boston.
Tom might be holding a grudge.
That's all quite true.
Tom wished he were dead.
It won't last more than three minutes.
We have total confidence in Tom.
Do you like chocolate chip cookies?
Tom loves to be around people.
We're ready for that.
Tom won the race easily.
Those two are friends.
How does Tom go to school?
I see you've been shopping.
Tom likes to take walks alone.
He does not pass up any opportunity to meddle in other people's business.
A volunteer is a person who does useful things for society without pay.
If your orchid has yellowish leaves, it means that it was placed in inappropriate location.
If you have complaints about the taste of my cooking, you could start to make it yourself starting tomorrow.
Repeating a lie does not make it true; it makes it a habit which is worse.
Don't open your mouth if you are not certain that what you want to say is better than silence.
It will be cold.
It'll be cold.
This is my only condition and my last word.
There isn't a dog that's bigger than this.
Love is immortal.
I'm trying to make it the best that I can.
I have something that you should see.
The Americans want a president they are comfortable with.
How did you manage to do this?
Papua New Guinea was a German colony.
Do you know how many people are here?
Tom won the third prize.
It'll be difficult, but not impossible.
Tom came back soon.
That sounds fair to me.
Tom knows where I hide my key.
We're ready, I think.
Tom won't come, will he?
Could you please explain it once more?
We still haven't heard from Tom.
I simply don't believe you.
Tom isn't the man for the job.
That's what's so scary.
Tom won't do the dishes.
It'll be entertaining, if nothing else.
I hope that Tom will come.
Why didn't you do what we asked you to do?
Tom isn't afraid to work hard.
We're really excited.
Tom wore a dark sweater.
I woke up minutes ago. I need coffee before I can start working.
Sorry - I’m running late. I’ll be there in minutes!
I have to submit sales projections twice a quarter.
I went over the itinerary with my co-workers.
There’s a Subway sandwich shop just across from Hayasaka Cycle on Clis Road.
"What were you like in high school?" "I was quiet but really good at chemistry."
"I think Trump will be less worse than Clinton." "I couldn't disagree more."
"Let's split the bill." "I don't think so. This date was your idea."
The job isn't done yet.
Tom can't be fired.
I still can't explain that.
Tom isn't afraid of hard work.
How much longer are you planning to stay here?
Tom wore a loose jacket.
It'll do you good to take some time off.
We're going to have to stop Tom.
There's so much to see.
Tom is the team's best scorer.
We're really pleased.
Tom works out regularly.
How long did it take you to make this decision?
I know that Tom is honest.
I was standing right there.
Tom is the perfect guy for me.
Things could get tense.
Tom wouldn't believe us.
It'll soon be possible for us to do that.
Tom drives a truck.
This is the guest room.
Tom is the luckiest man alive.
We're still in shock.
Tom writes very quickly.
This is what I do best.
I'm not certain that I trust Tom.
I wish I hadn't been there.
Tom is so much faster than me.
Those are my daughters.
Tom wrung the towel dry.
It seems like you aren't very happy today.
I often go to Tom's house.
That law isn't enforced.
Tom is just learning to crawl.
We're trying to help.
Tom zipped his bag shut.
That's a fantastic idea.
Tom's family is rich.
I wish we could be friends.
Tom is feeling sorry for Mary.
That's quite interesting.
The backdoor was broken.
Tom's clothes are dirty.
It won't be long before our food runs out.
I'm pretty good at imitating Tom.
The meat was very tough.
Tom is expecting Mary to come.
We're very concerned.
Tom's hair is very long.
The police keep us safe.
I ran into Tom on the bus.
I'm having an awesome time.
Tom is eager to help Mary out.
The water was turned on.
Tom always carries a gun.
It'll be dark by the time we get to Boston.
Tom gave me a book.
There's a fire downtown.
Tom is driving home from work.
We're very confident.
Tom appears to know Mary.
Eva is cleverer than me.
Eva is cleverer than I am.
My dog is cleverer than I am.
They all know the truth.
I'm not certain that I can trust Tom.
I'm hoping to do just that.
Tom is doing it the right way.
They aren't our enemies.
Tom barely escaped death.
It won't be long before we know the results.
I'll leave when Tom comes.
They don't speak French.
Tom is desperate to find Mary.
We're very selective.
Tom came back home tired.
They're going to Boston.
Tom gives us money.
I'm known for oversleeping.
Tom is always willing to help.
That happened to us, too.
Tom came home after dark.
It wouldn't be safe to go there by yourself.
Before I do anything, I'd like to talk to Tom.
That isn't a good reason.
Tom is always very aggressive.
We're waiting for it.
Tom came home dead tired.
That was a great comment.
It was Tom who came first.
I'm only telling the truth.
Tom is also a cancer survivor.
That's not a good reason.
Tom can drive a car, too.
It'll be three weeks before I see you again.
Tom had a headache.
That's pretty incredible.
Tom is alone in his apartment.
We need more coffee.
Tom can play tennis well.
That's what was going on.
All the songs we're singing tonight were written by Tom.
I'm pretty angry right now.
Tom is almost three years old.
The courtroom was packed.
Tom can swim pretty well.
It took us a long time to make this decision.
Should I ask Tom for help?
The jury is deliberating.
Tom is a truly amazing person.
We've improved a lot.
Tom carried out his plan.
The shooting has stopped.
Tom has moved away.
I'm really tired right now.
Tom is a recovering alcoholic.
We heard a loud explosion.
I would like to keep this.
I didn't read the message.
"It's good to see you." "It's good to see you, too."
This isn't a good reason.
This happened to us, too.
And are you happy now?
Are you convinced?
There may be more than one possibility.
My mother tongue is Hungarian.
Passion makes him blind.
These lands yield little.
That fur coat makes her look bigger.
Hungarian is my mother tongue.
I'll kick your head off.
I feel relieved after having said all that I wanted to say.
Never cross the street without checking that no cars are coming.
Hopefully your dog is not more important to you than I am.
I will show you that man can be reborn from his ashes.
I saw a lady go through the gate without showing her ticket.
He was angry with me because I did not want to know more about him.
The basic Japanese diet consists of rice and fish.
They will not give the prize to her.
I hope to attend.
I hope to participate.
There can be only one explanation.
There can be only one explanation for it.
There can be only one explanation for that.
We are good friends now, but there was a time when we didn't like each other.
Hurry up already!
Who found my wallet?
Where can I find a good course in Sorbian?
We'll never be able to play any better.
That's not Tom. That's John.
Tom should've asked for help.
We have to work very hard.
Does Tom still want to go swimming with us next weekend?
We haven't forgotten that.
Tom should've gone weeks ago.
We hope that you're ready.
Tom collected stamps.
We just need to do better.
Tom should've won last night.
We know we're a good team.
I'll ask Tom to go to the supermarket and buy some eggs.
We made too many mistakes.
We've made too many mistakes.
Tom shouldn't be too worried.
We may surprise everybody.
Tom dances very well.
We need a lot of practice.
Tom still doesn't believe it.
We need an ambulance here.
Does Tom still have that red sports car he used to drive?
We need to build a bridge.
Your raincoat is purple.
I'm not afraid of political correctness.
He's not afraid of political correctness.
She's not afraid of political correctness.
We're not afraid of political correctness.
They're not afraid of political correctness.
I am vehemently opposed to political correctness.
I am a big fan of political correctness.
Are you for or against political correctness?
Discuss whether the idea of political correctness is beneficial or harmful.
He is vehemently opposed to political correctness.
We are vehemently opposed to political correctness.
They are vehemently opposed to political correctness.
She is vehemently opposed to political correctness.
Tom's father died before he was born and his mother died shortly after he was born.
Who was he?
Tom was the driver of the car that crashed into the supermarket on Park Street.
Who's sick?
Tom told me that he thought the dress that Mary was wearing was too short.
We got lucky.
Tom said he wouldn't have gone to Mary's party even if she'd invited him.
We take risks.
Tom won't be able to tell you anything that you don't already know.
Were you hurt?
Tom rode a horse last week when he was at his grandfather's ranch.
We fought hard.
Tom will go to the supermarket for you and buy whatever you need.
We laugh a lot.
Tom told everybody at work that he and Mary were getting married.
We're fine now.
Tom took care of Mary's children while she was in the hospital.
Will this work?
Tom pays Mary three hundred dollars a week to clean his house.
We'll enjoy this.
Tom was reading a newspaper in the lobby when I last saw him.
You made me lose.
Tom understood why Mary didn't want to go to Boston with him.
We didn't want it.
Tom looks happier today than he did last week when I saw him.
We don't care why.
Tom told me that he thinks Mary is much prettier than Alice.
We got beat today.
I asked Tom why he thought Mary wouldn't be at school today.
We must move fast.
Tom thought that Mary was wasting her time studying French.
We were so afraid.
Tom says that he's going to read the report this afternoon.
We won't quit now.
Tom looked after my dog while I was traveling in Australia.
We won't stop now.
We were in Boston last month for a few days visiting Tom.
We'll be prepared.
We have to make sure Tom knows what he's supposed to do.
We'll do the same.
Pangolins are said to be the world's most trafficked mammal.
I will never agree to this.
I will never agree to it.
I will never agree to such a flagrant miscarriage of justice.
Tom took a book out of his knapsack and started reading.
We'll manage this.
Tom says he intends to play golf with us this afternoon.
We'll never do it.
Tom knew who Mary had decided to give her old guitar to.
We'll remain here.
Tom knew where Mary wanted to spend her summer vacation.
We're a lot alike.
Tom tried to persuade Mary to go to the dance with him.
We're all stunned.
Tom told everybody at work that he was getting married.
We're all winners.
Tom knew who Mary wanted to give the bottle of wine to.
We're all worried.
Tom says he doesn't remember seeing Mary at the party.
We're here to win.
Tom said he'd love to go to Boston with us in October.
We're not doctors.
Tom plays poker with his friends every Monday evening.
We're out of work.
Reading is very important to me.
Touch a document.
Tom was the one who taught me how to play the guitar.
We're so grateful.
Tom urged Mary to take the job she was being offered.
We've made a deal.
Tom made it back to Boston just before the storm hit.
What a bad looser!
What made you think that Tom would want to kiss you?
What a sweet deal!
Tom wanted to stay in Boston for another three days.
What a total mess!
Tom tried on a shirt he liked, but it was too small.
What should I get?
Tom said that it didn't take him so long to do that.
What's down there?
Tom said he had something to take care of, and left.
When did it occur?
Tom looked after my dog while I was in the hospital.
When did it start?
Tom knew who Mary thought was going to win the race.
Whose dog is this?
When are you going to tell Tom about what happened?
Why would I worry?
Tom wasn't with us the last time we came to Boston.
Would you stop it?
Tom sent text messages to Mary several times a day.
You won't miss it.
Tom said he was ready to do whatever was necessary.
You would like it.
Tom occasionally visited me when I lived in Boston.
You're only human.
Tom took a picture of himself and sent it to Mary.
We have each other.
Tom thinks the dress I bought for Mary is too big.
We have great kids.
Tom says he hasn't had a nightmare in a long time.
We're not students.
Tom said he was expecting something bad to happen.
Why should I worry?
Tom promised not to tell Mary about what happened.
You sure are dirty.
Tom knew why Mary wanted to borrow thirty dollars.
We have to clean up.
Tom told me that he enjoys hanging out with Mary.
We need to clean up.
Tom sent his mother some flowers on Mother's Day.
We'd better do that.
Tom knew who Mary was going to go to Boston with.
We'll be back later.
Tom knew who Mary wanted to go to the dance with.
What a rude comment!
Tom will be waiting for us in the lobby at 2:30.
Who'll pay for that?
Tom was bullied at school because of his weight.
We need to move fast.
Tom wanted to buy that book and give it to Mary.
We needed to do that.
Tom told Mary he didn't want to see her anymore.
We regret doing that.
Tom says that he's not interested in doing that.
Why bother fixing it?
The clock was stolen by Peter.
Many working mothers are full of guilt.
Here is my membership card.
Happy birthday, my little one! You are my life and you have made me a better person.
Everyone must die one day.
Everybody has to die one day.
It can't be today.
Do not expect charity from them.
Don't expect charity from them.
I'm supposed to feel sympathy for the convict?
God damn it!
Tom said he could swim at least as well as Mary.
Why's that important?
Tom reminds me of someone I went to school with.
You wouldn't like it.
We might be able to do that without Tom's help.
Why did you interfere?
Tom said that he didn't see anybody with a gun.
You look really happy.
Tom said he was kidnapped when he was thirteen.
You should enjoy this.
Tom knows that Mary doesn't like him very much.
Your house is on fire!
Tom knew why Mary didn't want him at her party.
We have to be cautious.
Tom went fishing almost every day last summer.
We want you to do that.
Tom told us to make sure we got there on time.
We'll help you do that.
Tom spent the night at a hotel on Park Street.
What did Tom want me to do?
Tom appeared on the cover of Time magazine.
Tom said he would've come if we'd invited him.
Whose computer is this?
Tom lives alone in a small cabin in the woods.
We didn't do much today.
I asked Tom why he thought that was important.
We didn't need any help.
Tom was the only one who knew where Mary was.
We have several options.
Tom was in Boston when his house burned down.
We haven't given up yet.
Tom shouldn't have gone to Boston by himself.
We need more volunteers.
Tom sang better tonight than he usually does.
We'll never forget that.
Tom said he wished he didn't have to do that.
Where should we go next?
Tom often goes out drinking with his friends.
You look really nervous.
Tom told me that I should go there by myself.
You should dress warmly.
He tortured a prisoner.
I've never ran before.
Mexican food is my favorite.
I love to ride my bike on Tuesdays.
It's always important to have money in your wallet.
I'm saving up for a new car.
Starbucks is the best place to buy coffee.
I prefer hot cocoa over coffee.
I want to be a teenager forever.
I love watching TV.
Beyoncé is one of the best music artists of all time.
Beyoncé is a queen.
Michael Jackson is the best music artist of all time.
Michael Jackson's music is enjoyed by people of many countries.
Fifth Harmony is an amazing girl group.
Wheelchairs give people with physical disabilities more mobility.
I love to eat french fries with fish.
Many Americans eat hamburgers.
Turkey is usually eaten on Thanksgiving.
Studying another language is hard, but worthwhile.
Many people eat sugar cookies on Christmas.
Kids wake up early in the morning to open their presents on Christmas.
Thanks for coming to my party.
I'm happy that you were able to come to my party.
The party's Wednesday.
The party's Monday.
The party's Tuesday.
The party's Thursday.
The party's Friday.
The party's Saturday.
The party's tomorrow.
I play the clarinet.
The party's today.
The party's Sunday.
The party's on Sunday.
The party is tomorrow.
The party is today.
The party's on Saturday.
The party's on Friday.
The party's on Thursday.
The party's on Tuesday.
Do you like to drive fast cars?
The party's on Monday.
What do you study in school?
The party's on Wednesday.
When is the party going to be?
Do you get along with your siblings?
Do you hang out with your siblings a lot?
The party was yesterday.
Don't be such a party pooper.
Did you invite him to the party?
Did you invite her to the party?
Did you invite them to the party?
I invited you to the party.
I invited her to the party.
I invited him to the party.
Call me when you get off of work.
Call me when you leave work.
Call me after you talk to your parents.
Call me after you get to Mexico.
You are one of the most despicable people it has ever been my displeasure to meet.
Call me after you get back home.
Text me when you get back home.
Text me after your flight lands.
Text me after you get to your destination.
Do you enjoy comedy TV shows?
What's your favorite type of restaurant to go to?
Where did you get your shirt?
Where did you buy your pants?
Where did you get those shoes?
My best friend is like a sister to me.
My best friend is like a brother to me.
Have you lived in any other countries before?
What music do you find interesting?
I love going to concerts.
Who was your first crush?
How old were you when you had your first crush?
Have you ever done a prank on one of your parents before?
How old were you when you had your first date?
What was your first date like?
What was your thirteenth birthday like?
What was your 21st birthday like?
What type of movies make you cry?
What type of movies make you laugh?
Prove that you love me.
Why did you let Tom go to Boston by himself?
You're a complete idiot.
We haven't yet told Tom about what happened.
We have to find out what Tom wants us to do.
We have plans to do that.
We have to find out what Tom is allergic to.
We have to make a choice.
We have to find a way to get Tom to help us.
We turned down the offer.
Tom was paid thirty dollars for what he did.
We turned the offer down.
Tom wants to know the cause of the accident.
We'd better do that soon.
Tom wants to go out to get something to eat.
We're not as fast as you.
Tom should've told Mary about what happened.
We've stopped doing that.
Tom should've done what Mary told him to do.
Drinking water is one of the best things that you can do.
You're my favorite girl.
You're the best friend I've ever had.
I love passing time with you.
I'd love to go to the fair with you.
I don't think it's fair that you pick me over her!
You should be on my side.
I don't understand why you believe that she's right.
She can't be right.
I know more than her.
I look better than her.
I'm prettier than her.
She's not as pretty as I am.
She's not as short as I am.
I'm cooler than her.
I don't understand you sometimes.
Sometimes I understand you.
I wish I understood you more than I do now.
You can be a bit of a prick sometimes.
Can you do my hair for me?
Can I have some soda, please?
May I have a napkin?
Don't worry because everything is going to be okay.
Everything is going to be okay so there's no need to worry.
It's not as simple as it seems.
It's more complicated than it looks.
Flat ironing my hair takes forever.
Curling my hair takes a lot of time.
I've never dyed my hair before.
I want to dye my friend's hair blonde.
My friend wants to dye her hair pink.
My boyfriend wants to dye his hair purple.
Tom punished his children for what they did.
Who did you give that to?
Tom parked his car in front of Mary's house.
Why are you following us?
Tom lived in a town not too far from Boston.
Why should anyone be mad?
Tom lived in a homeless shelter for a while.
Do you think this'll work?
You obviously haven't seen what Tom can do.
We didn't want to do that.
We have to find out who Tom is working for.
We have to move to Boston.
Tom wrote a book while he was in Australia.
We must do this ourselves.
Tom wouldn't do what Mary wanted him to do.
We probably won't do that.
Tom stole a truck from his neighbor's farm.
We want to move to Boston.
Tom says he doesn't remember what happened.
We'll die if we stay here.
Do you really think it'll work?
Tom said he'd love to go to Boston with us.
We'll do the same for you.
Tom pushed Mary over the edge of the cliff.
We'll never do that again.
Tom posted pictures of himself on his blog.
We're all aware of it now.
Tom managed to put the fire out by himself.
We're always very careful.
Tom lives just a few blocks away from here.
We're glad you're with us.
We went to Boston last month to visit Tom.
We're just being cautious.
We haven't been able to interview Tom yet.
We're never going to quit.
Tom wouldn't do what Mary asked him to do.
We're not fortune tellers.
Tom will be eligible for parole next year.
We're now doing just that.
Tom was the only one who got here on time.
We're on a rescue mission.
The man that I met is a lawyer.
The man Tom is talking to is a lawyer.
There's the man who gave me the book.
Tom is the one who gave me this book.
Tom is the person who gave me this book.
Tom is the one who recommended this book.
Tom is the one who told me that I should read this book.
English is spoken by about a billion people.
Tom was sitting cross-legged on the floor.
We're pretty good friends.
Tom said he couldn't swim as well as Mary.
We're really, really fast.
Tom plans to be back here again next year.
We've been lied to before.
Tom often goes to the park in the morning.
We've been very fortunate.
Tom lived next door to us for three years.
We've got a big job to do.
Tom lived in a small apartment by himself.
We've got more work to do.
Tom knew where Mary usually went shopping.
We've got several options.
Tom knew where Mary had put her suitcases.
We've made no changes yet.
I asked Tom what movie he wanted to watch.
We've offered our support.
We haven't heard from Tom in a long time.
Let's have a little bit of a primer on weight and mass, especially if we start talking about atomic weight and atomic mass.
I am proud to be weird.
I want to be fluent in English.
The guys are cool.
The clown is afraid of the dark.
I, too, am not a student.
We have to make sure Tom doesn't do that.
Why do we have to do that?
We have to find out what happened to Tom.
You're way faster than me.
Tom's kids graduated from public schools.
We all have a lot to learn.
Tom was the only one who offered to help.
We aren't burning anything.
Tom was the only one who knew the answer.
We couldn't make it happen.
Tom walked to the store to buy some milk.
We didn't have a plan then.
Tom says that he doesn't want to do that.
We didn't want to hurt you.
Tom says he's too tired today to help us.
We had leftovers for lunch.
Tom said he didn't plan on going with us.
We have a right to privacy.
Tom rode his bicycle to school yesterday.
We have better stuff to do.
I had a right to privacy too.
Gradually, they are all leaving.
Germany is the playfield of international intelligence agencies.
The show is on Monday.
The show is on Tuesday.
The show is on Wednesday.
The show is on Thursday.
The show is on Friday.
The show is on Saturday.
The show is on Sunday.
The show's Sunday.
The show's Saturday.
The show's Friday.
The show's Thursday.
The show's Wednesday.
The show's Tuesday.
The show's Monday.
The show starts at noon.
The show starts at midnight.
Be there or be square.
This can't really be happening, can it?
Please tell me this isn't happening.
Please tell me this isn't really happening.
I hope this isn't really happening.
I better not catch you going around there, or I'll ground you for a week.
What color are the tiles?
How many tiles do you have?
How many tiles will we need?
How many tiles do you need?
How many tiles should we buy?
There's a hole in the ceiling.
The ceiling is leaking.
I have to fix my leaky ceiling.
I really have to fix my leaky ceiling one of these days.
I really have to fix my leaky ceiling.
Who can I call to fix my leaky ceiling?
Is there anyone I can call to fix my leaky ceiling?
It is often said that if you use certain "environmentally friendly" products, you will be "saving the earth". Unfortunately, such products are, in many cases, merely less destructive than their conventional equivalent.
I need a plumber.
Who can I call to fix my plumbing?
Who should I call to fix my plumbing?
I have a leaky faucet.
How can I fix my leaky faucet?
People are so competitive nowadays.
It was better in the old days.
None of you have any idea what I've gone through.
When you've gone through the same things I have, then you'll have the right to talk to me about what is or is not socially acceptable.
Much of what is termed "socially acceptable" behavior consists of arbitrary prejudices or proscriptions with no rhyme or reason.
Why is it okay for women to wear earrings, but not men?
He does not speak many languages.
She does not speak many languages.
He speaks few languages.
She speaks few languages.
I speak few languages.
I speak many languages.
What would you do if you were in my position?
What would you do, if you were me?
"I don't think that's a good idea." "Nonsense! What could possibly go wrong?"
There are a lot of things that could go wrong with that.
Why is it okay to wear earrings, but not nose rings?
If you do not conform to society's arbitrary rules, you will be shunned.
I don't care what society thinks.
As soon as the spirit of exploitation is defeated, rearmament will be felt as an unbearable burden. There can be no real disarmament until the peoples of the world cease to exploit each other.
I don't give a damn what society thinks.
There is no fact so uncontroversial that there is not someone, somewhere, who denies it.
Why should I care what society thinks?
Crime rates are the lowest they've been in decades.
The event is on Monday.
The event is on Tuesday.
The event is on Wednesday.
The event is on Thursday.
The event is on Friday.
The event is on Saturday.
The event is on Sunday.
The event starts at a.m.
The event starts at a.m.
The event starts at a.m.
The event starts at 4am.
The event starts at am.
The event starts at 6am.
The event starts at 7am.
The event starts at 8am.
The event starts at 9am.
The event starts at 10am.
The event starts at 11am.
The event starts at noon.
The event starts at 1pm.
The event starts at 2pm.
The event starts at 3pm.
The event starts at 4pm.
The event starts at 5pm.
The event starts at 6pm.
The event starts at 7pm.
The event starts at 8pm.
The event starts at 9pm.
The event starts at 10pm.
The event starts at 11pm.
The event starts at midnight.
Please tell me you didn't actually do it.
I woke up at seven o'clock.
I woke up at eight o'clock.
I woke up at seven.
I woke up at eight.
I woke up at nine.
I woke up at ten.
I woke up at eleven.
I woke up at noon.
I woke up at six.
I woke up at five.
I woke up at five o'clock.
I woke up at six o'clock.
I woke up at eleven o'clock.
I woke up at ten o'clock.
I woke up at nine o'clock.
I woke up at four.
I woke up at four o'clock.
I woke up at midnight.
I woke up at three.
I woke up at three o'clock.
You can't possibly be serious.
That is simply not possible.
One can't do more than one thing at a time.
No one can do more than one thing at a time.
Tom put a cup of coffee in front of Mary.
We have lots of work to do.
Tom needs to help Mary more than he does.
We have no idea what to do.
Tom knows that Mary doesn't speak French.
We have no one to guide us.
Where did Tom live before he moved here?
We have only one objective.
What happened changed Tom's entire life.
We have so much work to do.
Tom's house has three bedrooms upstairs.
We have the best team ever.
Tom was in the third grade at that time.
We have to be patient here.
Tom says he hasn't thought about it yet.
We have to be there Monday.
Tom says he hasn't had any problems yet.
We have to do a better job.
Tom said that he'd rather come tomorrow.
We have to get it done now.
After studying Swedish for several months, I still can't speak it very well.
I translate, therefore I am.
I don't translate, therefore I am not.
Tom said he didn't want to talk to Mary.
We haven't had dessert yet.
Tom reached for a book on the top shelf.
We haven't made a deal yet.
Tom needs to go shopping for his mother.
We haven't made a sale yet.
Tom knew who Mary was planning to marry.
We just had to get it done.
Tom doesn't travel as much as Mary does.
We just have to go do that.
I asked Tom where he had gone for lunch.
We just need a little help.
I asked Tom where he had bought his car.
We just want a little help.
We haven't heard anything from Tom yet.
We just want to play chess.
Tom wished Mary could've gone with him.
We knew we could come back.
Tom wasn't able to get his car started.
We knew we had a good team.
Tom wanted to keep John and Mary apart.
We know what it feels like.
Tom says he's not the one who did that.
We know what to expect now.
Tom plays guitar in a heavy metal band.
We know what we have to do.
Tom never did what he said he would do.
We know who did this to us.
Tom may not be able to do that anymore.
We must do the best we can.
Tom looks a lot like his older brother.
We need to be serious here.
Tom lied to Mary about where he'd been.
We need to do a better job.
Tom left his umbrella in the classroom.
We need to get rid of that.
I didn't ask Tom to dance. He asked me.
We never get enough to eat.
What did Tom and Mary name their baby?
We now know that was a lie.
I cried myself to sleep almost every night.
Tom is very passionate about his work.
Mary is very passionate about her work.
We paid Tom thirty dollars to do that.
We shouldn't have given up.
We haven't been able to reach Tom yet.
We still have a ways to go.
We have to talk Tom out of doing that.
We take risks all the time.
We have to find out what Tom is doing.
We talk about it every day.
Tom would've been here if he could've.
We talked about basketball.
Tom wants his children to learn French.
We think it's a great idea.
Tom walked Mary to the subway station.
We want to be here forever.
Tom waited half an hour and then left.
We want to get out of here.
Tom usually goes to school by bicycle.
We want you to feel better.
Tom usually comes home after midnight.
We were all a little tired.
The Greek question mark looks like a semicolon.
I need you to be honest.
That is just not possible.
Which one do you like more?
Who do you like more?
She goes to the dentist every two days.
Your enemy is certainly not mine.
I have never found that to be necessary.
Two years ago, this gentleman worked as a physicist.
How do they want to receive their money?
How do they wish to receive their money?
Why don't you say anything?
When he fell into disgrace, all his friends abandoned him.
The investigator wants to know who did what to whom where, when, and why.
A Roman coin from the third century CE is the centerpiece of his collection.
Authenticity is the greatest virtue.
Tom told me that I should've said yes.
We were always competitive.
Tom told Mary about what had happened.
We were completely shocked.
Tom sang Mary's favorite song for her.
We weren't able to do that.
Tom really enjoys watching basketball.
We weren't cautious enough.
Tom put on the hat that Mary gave him.
We won't go back to Boston.
Tom predicted that Mary would do that.
We won't have to wait long.
Tom needs to hire a private detective.
We worried a lot about you.
Tom must've been the one who did that.
We'd be foolish to do that.
Tom may use my bicycle if he wants to.
We'd like to consider that.
Tom knew why Mary wanted him to leave.
We'd like to know about it.
You are a mechanical engineer and I am a software developer.
I wonder what Tom knows that we don't.
We'll always remember that.
I asked Tom why he had gone to Boston.
We'll continue cooperating.
Where did Tom live when he was a kid?
We'll do it right away.
We haven't heard from Tom in a while.
We'll do what we always do.
Tom would've never done such a thing.
We'll do whatever it takes.
Tom wired Mary three hundred dollars.
We'll get there eventually.
Tom will stay with us for three days.
We'll take what we can get.
Tom was shot three times in the back.
We're adding a lot of jobs.
Tom was seated between Mary and John.
We're all working together.
Tom was murdered on October 20, 2013.
We're both French teachers.
Good-bye.
I hate your stupid stories.
Tom wanted to ride Mary's motorcycle.
We're concerned about that.
Tom told Mary that she should resign.
We're extremely optimistic.
Tom taught French to Mary's children.
We're grateful to be alive.
Tom said that he saw Mary doing that.
We're keeping an eye on it.
Tom refused to shake hands with Mary.
We're making some progress.
Tom read stories to Mary every night.
We're not burning anything.
Tom must be getting tired of waiting.
We're not doing that again.
Tom may know Mary's telephone number.
We're not going to give up.
Tom may have left for Boston already.
We're skeptical about this.
Tom may already have left for Boston.
We're still considering it.
Today is my wedding anniversary.
Today is our wedding anniversary.
Tom has been offered a job in Boston.
We're willing to negotiate.
Your children will be safe with Tom.
We've all got to do better.
We need to take Tom to the hospital.
We've already discussed it.
We haven't seen Tom since yesterday.
We have an obligation to try.
We have to wait until Tom gets here.
We've become like brothers.
We have to find out where Tom lives.
We've been here since 2013.
Tonight, Tom sang better than usual.
We've been here three days.
Tom wrote the report all by himself.
We've been very successful.
Tom wore a long, loose-fitting coat.
We've been working on this.
Tom was sure that everybody saw him.
We've got a lot of friends.
It has been exactly days since the check was issued.
That is the first and the last time I'm taking you home.
The suspect committed an act of industrial espionage.
The building was scorched by the fire.
The economy has been resructured.
Once again, my plans have been thwarted.
There are too many places to visit within the short time that we have in Boston.
There are just too many choices to pick from.
We have a little water.
Tom was paid thirty dollars an hour.
We've got to do that again.
Tom wants to become a famous singer.
We've had a lot of chances.
Tom told Mary that he was a teacher.
We've had a lot of support.
Tom thought Mary had been kidnapped.
We've just got to go do it.
Tom still remembers his grandfather.
We've known that for years.
Tom still doesn't have a girlfriend.
We've made lots of changes.
Tom says he intended to go shopping.
We've met some nice people.
Tom knows Mary is telling the truth.
We've never broken the law.
Tom knew who Mary was going to meet.
We've still got work to do.
I asked Tom what he wanted to drink.
We've tried to do too much.
Today there's a full moon.
Today is full moon.
Why don't you show Tom around town?
When did you lose your job?
What exactly is Tom planning to do?
Who should we talk to next?
We have to make sure Tom does that.
Why should anyone be angry?
We have to find out what Tom wants.
You seem to be really busy.
We have to find out what Tom needs.
You'd be a fool to do that.
Tom won't talk about what happened.
You'll probably enjoy this.
Tom went to Boston to meet someone.
You're an excellent writer.
Tom wasn't the one who killed Mary.
You're much faster than me.
Tom was stupid to leave Mary alone.
You're way smarter than me.
Tom was fascinated by Mary's story.
We don't have any ice cream.
Tom was arrested earlier this year.
We don't know how to use it.
Tom traveled alone for three weeks.
We don't know what it means.
Tom thinks he has found the answer.
We have a big game tomorrow.
Tom texts Mary several times a day.
We have about employees.
Tom stayed in bed for three months.
We have no plans to do that.
Tom showed us his stamp collection.
We have to be cautious, too.
Tom seemed to know everybody there.
We have to find more chairs.
Tom says that he's never done that.
We have to prepare for that.
Tom says he isn't ready to give up.
We have to protect our kids.
Tom said he was afraid to go there.
We have to start doing that.
The good son always returns home.
Am I really sick?
I'm two years younger than him.
She put on her best clothes and went out.
He didn't pay anything.
Hungarian is my native language.
I like the movie theater.
You shouldn't give in to temptation.
He doesn't have his own ideas.
He's the oldest of my group.
Does Tom help Mary?
You can't smoke in school.
It was a difficult game.
Tom rested for a moment.
It's very obvious.
Tom isn't capable of doing it.
Milk and alcohol don't solve problems.
Tom has a pretty girlfriend.
When will his train to Kyoto arrive?
Does Tom live in Boston?
You should always keep the room clean.
You should always keep your room clean.
Tom parked right behind Mary's car.
We have to start over again.
Tom might still be in the hospital.
We have very high standards.
Tom may use my bicycle if he wants.
We haven't decided anything.
Tom knows how to fix that, I think.
We haven't had any problems.
Tom knew why Mary wasn't at school.
We haven't seen this before.
Tom knew where Mary wanted to live.
We just had to deal with it.
I asked Tom where he wanted to eat.
We just have to do our best.
Why would anyone want to kill Tom?
We just hope we'll get paid.
What time does Tom leave for work?
We just hung out and talked.
We haven't heard from Tom in ages.
We just need money to do it.
Tom's dream has finally come true.
We just relaxed and had fun.
Tom's death shocked the community.
We just want to do our part.
Tom wouldn't allow us to help him.
We knew it could be serious.
Tom would've been extremely angry.
We knew we had to work hard.
Tom would get angry if I did that.
We know our work isn't done.
There's a full moon today.
I think I already wrote to you.
After having read for two hours, he feels tired.
I'm sorry for reproaching you.
He's encouraging me to go there.
He says he has already overcome his failures.
His intentions were really impenetrable.
With gratitude, I acknowledge the receipt of your letter.
Rome, thou art a whole world, it is true, and yet without love this world would not be the world, Rome would cease to be Rome.
All in the golden afternoon / Full leisurely we glide; / For both our oars, with little skill, / By little arms are plied, / While little hands make vain pretence / Our wanderings to guide.
Ah, cruel Three! In such an hour. / Beneath such dreamy weather. / To beg a tale of breath too weak / To stir the tiniest feather! / Yet what can one poor voice avail / Against three tongues together?
Imperious Prima flashes forth / Her edict "to begin it"— / In gentler tone Secunda hopes / "There will be nonsense in it!"— / While Tertia interrupts the tale / Not more than once a minute.
Anon, to sudden silence won, / In fancy they pursue / The dream-child moving through a land / Of wonders wild and new, / In friendly chat with bird or beast— / And half believe it true.
And ever, as the story drained / The wells of fancy dry, / And faintly strove that weary one / To put the subject by, / "The rest next time—" "It is next time!" / The happy voices cry.
Thus grew the tale of Wonderland: / Thus slowly, one by one, / Its quaint events were hammered out— / And now the tale is done, / And home we steer, a merry crew, / Beneath the setting sun.
Alice! a childish story take, / And with a gentle hand / Lay it where Childhood's dreams are twined / In Memory's mystic band, / Like pilgrim's wither'd wreath of flowers / Pluck'd in a far-off land.
Everything was in confusion in the Oblonskys' house.
No, faith, not a jot; but to follow him thither with modesty / enough, and likelihood to lead it; as thus: Alexander died, / Alexander was buried, Alexander returneth into dust; the dust is / earth; of earth we make loam; and why of that loam (whereto he / was converted) might they not stop a beer barrel? / Imperious Caesar, dead and turn'd to clay, / Might stop a hole to keep the wind away. / O, that that earth which kept the world in awe / Should patch a wall t' expel the winter's flaw!
Tom won't admit that he was wrong.
We know what the problem is.
Tom went to see what was going on.
We might be able to do that.
Tom went out to smoke a cigarette.
We need each other more now.
Tom went downtown to buy supplies.
We need to fix this problem.
Tom wasn't the right guy for Mary.
We need to make this happen.
You should apply to Microsoft for the IT job.
I applied to the school for the lab assistant position.
Tom washes his hands all the time.
We need to talk to everyone.
Tom was stabbed twice in the back.
We now know that's not true.
Tom was stabbed over thirty times.
We rent movies all the time.
Tom was pulled over by the police.
Tom wants something cold to drink.
We think we can handle that.
It will be hot today.
I'm a special person? Thanks. ;)
My salary is very low.
She's terribly nervous, never calm.
I'm hungry. I'm going to eat something.
Can I speak with the director?
It's your fault that we arrived late.
My native language is Hungarian.
You can't smoke during work hours.
He's going to work by bicycle.
I see you going by my house every day.
Change the channel!
Please don't put it on the table.
Please don't put that on the table.
Don't put that on the table.
The clothes are there.
I think that what he says isn't true.
I think that what she says isn't true.
I'll give you my car.
I have to organize my schedule before the end of the month.
The light here's not good for reading.
Tom wanted to teach Mary a lesson.
We try to keep our promises.
Tom wanted to make a lot of money.
We want our kids to be safe.
Tom wanted to expand his business.
We want to go back and help.
Tom wanted to do his job properly.
We want you to feel welcome.
Tom wanted to be a better teacher.
We went all over the country.
I forgot myself.
Please do it using what you think is the best method.
I think this is a conversation for a much later time.
I understood only at a much later time.
He's a glutton.
When will his train reach Kyoto?
I'll come back at around or o'clock.
I think that's impossible in Tom's case.
Are you familiar with that person?
Don't be afraid, I'm here.
Everyone should take notes as the professor dissects the first frog.
Miraculously, he guided the full team of oxen through the raging river, unscathed.
Tom wanted to be a better husband.
We were all a little hungry.
Tom waited outside in the hallway.
We were all a little sleepy.
Tom waited even longer than I did.
We were all waiting for you.
Tom understood why Mary was angry.
We were both in the library.
Tom understood why Mary hated him.
We were made for each other.
Sorry, I only meant it as a joke.
If we don't hurry, we'll be late.
Seen any movies lately?
All of a sudden, I feel like crying.
Do you know what PDF stands for?
Tom is from a rural area.
How about doing a bit of research on your own before asking for help?
Do you realize what time it is? What were you up to at this time of night?
You waited for me? Thanks!
She's the boss around here.
Have you grown to despise me?
Let's have a little fun.
Come on. Let's have a little fun.
I don't speak Hungarian.
Were you up all night?
Tom told Mary more about his past.
We weren't paying attention.
Tom told Mary how he and John met.
We weren't wasting our time.
Tom thinks he'll get straight A's.
We won't know until October.
Tom taught Mary how to play chess.
We wouldn't change anything.
Tom taught Mary how to fly a kite.
We'll do a little at a time.
Tom is a big fat liar.
The town is dying.
Tom stayed in the tent by himself.
We'll do what we have to do.
Tom started to practice every day.
We'll forgive you this time.
Tom spent weeks in intensive care.
We'll try to do what we can.
Tom spent a lot of time with Mary.
We're all hoping it happens.
Tom shouldn't go there by himself.
We're both college students.
We went all around the country.
Tom should've done that yesterday.
We're both very, very lucky.
Tom says he isn't sure he's ready.
We're doing something right.
Tom saw Mary's letter on the desk.
We're finalizing our budget.
Tom said that he saw Mary do that.
We're going to look into it.
Tom really didn't know what to do.
We're going to make it work.
You were born to be real, not to be perfect.
When I was strolling along the beach this morning, I found this bottle.
I love carrots.
Today will be hot.
The voice actors did an excellent job in this movie.
We hear the tree falling but not the forest growing.
Please write a complete sentence.
Take whatever you want in the fridge.
Look, a squirrel.
Your father will not buy it.
The students are busy preparing for the test.
That's one of the weirdest things I've ever seen.
It's getting cold here.
It's starting to get cold here.
The customer is not always right.
Tom raised his children in Boston.
We're going to take it slow.
Tom put the book in his briefcase.
We're just following orders.
Tom practiced very hard every day.
We're never going to get it.
Tom paid for everything with cash.
We're not going to stop now.
Tom ordered a bottle of champagne.
We're not prepared for that.
Tom paid for everything in cash.
Tom paid for everything with his credit card.
Tom never asked how Mary had died.
We're pretty busy ourselves.
Tom needs to get ready for school.
We're proud of our children.
Tom needed to tell Mary something.
We're real excited about it.
Tom lives right around the corner.
We're sorry for what we did.
Tom lied to Mary about who he was.
We're surprised and shocked.
Education shall be free, at least in the elementary and fundamental stages.
Self-driving cars drive themselves.
Internal combustion engines burn a mixture of fuel and air.
We need to move away from fossil fuels towards renewable energy.
Thank God you found me.
This city has a public bike share program.
If it weren't for you, God knows when we'd find out about their mistake.
That's one way of looking at it, I suppose.
Can you find the United States on a map?
Can you find Iraq on a map?
Can you find Eritrea on a map?
Can you find Kyrgyzstan on a map?
Afghanistan is a landlocked country.
Can you find Afghanistan on a map?
This country is very poor.
Every country has a capital city.
Tom knows the capital of each state in the United States.
Tom knows the capital of every country in the world.
This camera can take pictures very quickly.
Tom knew who was inside his house.
We're trying to do our best.
Tom knew where Mary wanted to eat.
We're very proud of you all.
I asked Tom where he wanted to go.
We've all been there before.
I asked Tom what he wanted to eat.
We've already learned a lot.
Why didn't Tom come here himself?
We've been here for a while.
If we can't trust NASA, does that mean that we didn't really go to the moon?
This can resist any criticism.
Why did Tom want to talk to Mary?
We've corrected the problem.
What did Tom fill the holes with?
We've done that in the past.
We have to find out where Tom is.
We've got no room for error.
Tom would probably do that again.
We've got to finish on time.
Tom worked for the phone company.
We've had a lot of bad luck.
If we can't trust each other, who can we trust?
If I can't trust my parents, who can I trust?
I don't trust Tom anymore.
I can't trust anyone anymore.
You shouldn't trust anyone.
Why do you think I shouldn't trust Tom?
You should trust me.
You should trust your gut instinct.
It's too early to call Tom.
Tom wished Mary a happy birthday.
We've had a lot of practice.
Tom went upstairs to take a bath.
We've had good luck with it.
Tom went directly to Mary's home.
We've had lot of complaints.
Tom was the first one to wake up.
We've made a lot of changes.
Tom was in his bedroom, studying.
We've still got a lot to do.
The cat was unimpressed.
These colors aren't enough.
The girl spends hours drawing superhero comics.
You should find a job.
Tom broke up with Mascia today.
Why is it so difficult to change?
I can't figure out why someone would do something like that.
She really looks beautiful in a kimono.
OK, are you going to return to your room or not?
Tom was in a good mood yesterday.
When do you plan to do that?
Tom was dumped by his girlfriend.
You seem to be really happy.
Tom was crippled by the accident.
You're much smarter than me.
Tom was arrested in a stolen car.
You're way faster than I am.
Tom wanted to protect his family.
The pound is down by 15%.
Tom found Mary's phone number in the phone book.
Tom flosses his teeth every day.
Tom drank too much at the party last night.
The students are bored.
Who else have you asked?
It's not like I have anything else to do.
It's not like you have anything else to do.
I don't want to think about anything else right now.
Diabetes is an expensive disease to treat.
About million Americans have been diagnosed with diabetes.
Treating diabetes cost the U.S. $billion in 2012.
I didn't have anything else to do so I thought I'd make myself useful.
I don't have anything else to do.
I don't have anything else to add.
I don't know how to do anything else.
It looks very promising.
This new technology looks very promising.
No one wants to be a sucker.
Go away, Tom. I don't want to talk to you.
Tom used to swim every afternoon.
We don't want you to do that.
Tom took Mary back to the doctor.
We had nothing to do with it.
Tom told Mary to come back later.
We have a good life together.
Tom told Mary exactly what to do.
We have a right to work here.
Tom threw the bag over the fence.
We have almost employees.
Tom thought it was going to hurt.
We have no control over that.
Tom thought Mary was kidding him.
We have no reason to do that.
Tom thought Mary was in the room.
We have to do more than that.
Tom thought Mary was coming back.
We have to do that this week.
Tom taught Mary how to play pool.
We have to keep this in mind.
Do I look like an actress?
Last month I officially divorced my wife.
Can I come inside?
Tom tried to hide his confusion.
It shouldn't be too much longer.
Tom has very high expectations.
How are we going to fix this?
Success comes from education.
Can I see that credit card?
Can I see that debit card?
He is one of the most untrustworthy people I have ever met.
She is one of the most untrustworthy people I have ever met.
They are some of the most untrustworthy people I have ever met.
Don't tell me you actually believe that nonsense.
You don't really believe that nonsense, do you?
Don't tell me he actually believes that nonsense.
Don't tell me she actually believes that nonsense.
Don't tell me they actually believe that nonsense.
He doesn't really believe that nonsense, does he?
They don't really believe that nonsense, do they?
She doesn't really believe that nonsense, does she?
Please tell me you don't actually believe that.
If you're not with us, you're against us.
Alice was beginning to get very tired of sitting by her sister on the bank, and of having nothing to do: once or twice she had peeped into the book her sister was reading, but it had no pictures or conversations in it, "and what is the use of a book," thought Alice, "without pictures or conversations?"
This can't possibly be happening.
I'm going to teach you German.
We're going there alone.
You made a mistake when you invited him.
You shouldn't have invited him.
Personally, I think there is some truth to both sides. I believe the moon landing and Pluto fly-by were real, but all of the Mars landings and flybys of Jupiter's moons were hoaxes.
This watch is better than that one.
I was sorry for no reason.
He was afraid of the woman.
Someone said something, but I didn't understand what it was.
Miela started to cry when her teachers came.
I call the computer "Tim".
I'd like a little more tea.
I would like a little more tea.
Why is life so hard?
If I were in charge, we wouldn't have this problem.
Cut down the tree.
Cut down that tree.
We can't cut down that tree.
Protestors are chaining themselves to trees to prevent deforestation of the area.
Riots are occurring across the country to protest the war.
Protestors are rioting across the country in opposition to the war.
Protestors destroyed a police car and looted several businesses.
I can't speak English very well.
I don't speak English very well.
If somebody isn't trustworthy, nobody will offer them an employment contract.
The history of the Byzantine Empire spans years.
Like our captain used to say, it's too late to escape when the sharks are eating your legs.
You can use this book as you see fit.
It is thought that manual firearms appeared in the 14th century.
Politics divides people, while culture unites them.
He dared not to obey my order.
"Can I borrow some money? I promise I'll pay you back." "Sure. How much do you need?" "Twenty dollars." "Okay. Here you go." "Thanks."
Neither a borrower nor a lender be; / For loan oft loses both itself and friend, / And borrowing dulls the edge of husbandry.
Tom swore that he'd quit smoking.
We have to keep working hard.
Tom stayed in Boston for a while.
We have to make some changes.
Tom started packing his suitcase.
We haven't achieved much yet.
Tom spent a lot of time upstairs.
We just have to keep winning.
Tom showed his photo album to me.
We just have to wait and see.
Tom showed Mary around the house.
We just keep trying our best.
Tom says he had a very good time.
We just need to do it better.
Tom saw Mary's car in the garage.
We just tried to do too much.
Tom said he's feeling better now.
We just want to keep winning.
Tom said he'd love to go with us.
We keep the doors locked now.
He will never make this.
His body language gave him away.
Her body language gave her away.
It sticks out like a sore thumb.
He sticks out like a sore thumb.
She sticks out like a sore thumb.
If you had taken the class, you would know this.
If you had been to the meeting, you would know this.
Gibbons are the smallest tailless monkeys. They are excellent acrobats.
It is said we earthly monarchs are the image of God, so I looked at myself in the mirror. It's not very flattering for the good Lord.
Don't forget to tip the waiter.
How much should we tip him?
How much should we tip her?
I got an anonymous tip.
Acting on an anonymous tip, the police located and apprehended the suspect, who was subsequently convicted of manslaughter.
They got an anonymous tip.
He got an anonymous tip.
She got an anonymous tip.
We got an anonymous tip.
If it hadn't been for that anonymous tip, we would never have solved the case.
Anonymity is important.
The only thing worse than an idiot is a zealous idiot.
God forbid that happen to us.
Things like that will never happen under my leadership.
If I am elected, I will never let such things happen in this country.
He is extremely unpleasant.
She is extremely unpleasant.
You are extremely unpleasant.
I am extremely unpleasant.
They are extremely unpleasant.
Don't you think I know what a jerk I am? I just can't help it. It's in my blood.
Despite the rain, we're deciding to go out.
Practically mad with fear, I rushed out of the cabin.
She drinks only water.
His death grieves all of his friends.
Mary tried to hide her confusion.
I can't decide that for you.
This is not at all what I had expected.
I don't ever want to see him again.
I don't ever want to see her again.
Tom said he was going to do that.
We knew we did nothing wrong.
Tom refused to lend me any money.
We know each other very well.
Tom really likes Thai food a lot.
We know how that'll work out.
Tom predicted Mary would do that.
We know now what to look for.
Tom plans to go there by himself.
We know we have to do better.
They both want the same thing.
Tom only drinks water.
Tom's old car has finally given up the ghost.
You look very elegant.
You've got it all wrong.
This is my home now.
Boston is my home now.
It's very important that I talk to Tom.
My name is Mary, what's yours?
My name is Tom. What's yours?
It's best to avoid trees when driving.
Tom inhaled deeply.
Listen, Tom. You've got it all wrong.
Tom has a dark sense of humor.
That's not my strong suit.
Thank you so much for helping me.
I worry about her too.
This is completely useless.
Tom made a papier-mâché sculpture.
Tom made a papier-mâché mask.
Tom's a party animal.
You're completely useless.
That will be ten dollars.
I knew Tom wouldn't do it properly.
I feel like today is going to be one of those days.
He's your son, too.
She's your daughter, too.
Let me know when it's done.
Tom was wearing a leather jacket.
Tom went to his room and sat down on his bed.
So, will you do it?
Tom is playing solitaire.
Could I speak to you, in private, please?
You're not going to get away with this.
Could you hand me the maple syrup?
She tried to make him jealous.
Stop crying. You'll ruin your mascara.
"Stop crying. You'll ruin your mascara." "Don't worry, it's waterproof."
Tom is always breaking things.
I'll see you down at the beach.
Tom forgot to wash his hands.
Tom almost cracked my ribs when he hugged me.
What is your mother's maiden name?
Did you really just say that?
Did he really just say that?
Did she really just say that?
She seemed okay when I saw her.
He seemed okay when I saw him.
Tom seemed okay when I saw him.
A lot can happen between now and then.
It took me a long time to get over it.
I'm sure we'll find something to do.
It all happened so fast and then it was over.
Computers are starting to get smarter than we are.
Tom spends most of his time in the library.
Mary spends most of her time at the library.
Ancient manuscripts were copied by hand.
This scholar studies ancient manuscripts.
No one can know.
Tom parked his car in the garage.
We know what we've got to do.
Tom never made it back to Boston.
We made a couple of mistakes.
Tom needs to talk to an attorney.
We might be here for a while.
Tom needs to come back to Boston.
We must be getting home, too.
Tom needs to buy some new shirts.
We need each other right now.
Tom seemed OK when I saw him.
We were supposed to go together.
What was he doing exactly?
What was Tom doing exactly?
What was she doing exactly?
My son told me all about you.
My daughter told me all about you.
Mary told me all about you.
Everyone knows.
Our lips barely met.
I'd say yes if I were you.
I'd say no if I were you.
He didn't kiss me.
She didn't kiss me.
I saw him hold your hand.
I saw him kiss your hand.
I saw Tom holding your hand.
Tom, please, not now.
Mary, please, not now.
Tom was upset when he saw Mary kissing John.
What else did you two do?
Tom got angry when he saw Mary kissing John.
Tom locked himself in the closet.
We need more people like you.
Tom lives just outside of Boston.
We need to find alternatives.
Tom lives just a few blocks away.
We need to get this done now.
Tom knew where Mary wanted to go.
We need your help to do this.
I asked Tom what he was drinking.
We only speak French at home.
I think something's wrong with him.
I think something's wrong with her.
How did you and Dad meet?
How did you and Mom meet?
Stop repeating yourself!
I agreed to have dinner with him.
Tom's a charmer.
Tom put his arms around me.
He leaned over to kiss me.
Mary pushed his hand away.
Tom pushed her hand away.
I won't say anything to anyone.
Let's go back to the party.
You promised you would be here.
You promised you would come.
You promised!
Why is Tom mad at you?
Why is Mary mad at you?
You promised you'd come.
You promised you'd be there.
We are level-headed.
You are level-headed.
Tom is level-headed.
I am level-headed.
Tom has a Pikachu cushion.
He's just a crazy old fool.
He's just a crazy old man.
Tom is just a crazy old fool.
Where in the world is Tom going?
We prefer to do our own work.
Where in the world could Tom be?
We should eat out more often.
We probably won't see Tom today.
We should finish by 2:p.m.
Tom's body was found in a swamp.
We should head back home now.
Tom would want you to have this.
We shouldn't expect too much.
It's not like we have anything else to do.
Tom brushes his teeth every day.
Good luck. You're going to need it.
It's not what I meant to say.
Tom would never just let me win.
We should've played harder.
Tom will play baseball tomorrow.
Tom will be here for a few days.
We talk about it every night.
Tom waved goodbye and drove off.
We talked a lot about health.
Tom wasn't allowed to help Mary.
We think that's a good thing.
The eldest of the three boys is Tom.
Tom is the oldest of the three boys.
I read the longest of the author's three novels.
Tom was offered a job in Boston.
We think this will work well.
Tom was in a bad mood yesterday.
We thought we did a good job.
Tom wants to eat some ice cream.
We want to be extra cautious.
Tom wants to buy a fishing boat.
We want to clean up our city.
Tom wanted to come to our house.
We want to do more than that.
I think I'll give it a miss.
I think I won't do that.
I know Tom is hiding something.
Tom wanted to apologize to Mary.
We want to go back to Boston.
Tom wanted Mary to feel special.
We want to offer you the job.
Tom walked off with my umbrella.
We went over all the details.
Tom waited alone in the hallway.
We went to Boston last month.
Tom types better than Mary does.
We were all a little alarmed.
Tom tried to get away from Mary.
We were all a little stunned.
Tom tried to disguise his voice.
We were together a long time.
Tom travels less than Mary does.
We work really well together.
Tom took the children to school.
We'd be crazy if we did that.
Tom took his daughter to school.
We'll be back here next year.
I'm not a student either.
Tom took his children to Boston.
We'll be fine no matter what.
Tom threw Mary a life preserver.
We'll go now if you're ready.
Tom thinks Mary is mentally ill.
We'll have to be ready to go.
Tom stood between Mary and John.
We'll have to fight, I think.
Tom showed Mary another picture.
We'll help in any way we can.
So she was considering in her own mind, (as well as she could, for the hot day made her feel very sleepy and stupid,) whether the pleasure of making a daisy-chain would be worth the trouble of getting up and picking the daisies, when suddenly a white rabbit with pink eyes ran close by her.
I work very little... I'd like to work more.
He is a freethinker.
Often, it is those who do nothing who are guilty of injustice, and not only those who act.
Would you mind looking after my kids?
Would you mind babysitting my kids?
The smell of dirty socks makes me want to throw up.
We skirted green hills, which sparkled in the first rays of sunshine.
He's an author you should know.
He's a vegetarian. He doesn't know what he's missing.
He hopes to pass his exam.
I hear him falling.
He cut off a branch of the tree with his penknife.
Tom says that he'll wait for us.
We'll start tomorrow morning.
Tom says he likes horror movies.
We're actually quite similar.
Tom says he intended to do that.
We're all a little bit crazy.
Tom said that John was his twin.
We're all basketball players.
Tom said a lot of stupid things.
We're all trying to help you.
What is a language? It's a dialect with an army and a navy.
Tom refused to tell us anything.
We're always doing something.
Tom really likes swimming a lot.
We're both going to be there.
Tom ran back into his apartment.
We're definitely not perfect.
Tom pretended everything was OK.
We're doing it the right way.
Tom predicted that would happen.
We're extremely disappointed.
Tom posted the video on YouTube.
We're finally going to do it.
Tom plugged in the coffee maker.
We're getting ready for that.
Tom often borrows books from me.
We're going to find out soon.
Tom must realize what he's done.
We're going to have fun, too.
Tom motioned for me to stand up.
We're going to take our time.
Tom motioned for me to sit down.
We're just about ready to go.
Tom met his third wife at a gym.
We're keeping an eye on that.
Tom married a woman from Boston.
We're keeping an eye on them.
Tom managed to put the fire out.
We're never going to do that.
Tom made dinner plans with Mary.
We're not doing anything now.
Tom made a dog house for Cookie.
We're not done with this yet.
Tom made Mary one of these, too.
We're not going to back down.
Tom likes to play with his dogs.
We're not going to be afraid.
Tom likes everyone in his class.
We're not going to stop here.
Tom knows exactly where Mary is.
We're not sure what it means.
Thank you for mentioning this.
Tom had an affair.
I don't want to interrupt.
You don't snore, do you?
Tom grabbed my hand.
Mary grabbed my hand and dragged me away.
When he eats an acorn, Mario transforms into a flying squirrel.
Mario grows bigger when he eats a mushroom.
There are many different types of kisses.
It's just a stupid rumor.
We don't get many visitors around here.
I'm sorry, but I don't speak Hungarian.
It seems that he doesn't like my company much.
Tom has lost his umbrella again.
We're obviously short-handed.
Where did Tom find the machete?
We're on the right track now.
What train is Tom coming in on?
We're open seven days a week.
What did you expect Tom to buy?
We're the best at what we do.
We were trying to surprise Tom.
We're trying to find out why.
I'm sorry, but I don't speak French.
I don't remember inviting you here.
Can I go to my room now?
What are you doing here? This is my room.
Was Tom in Boston at that time?
We're very happy to be alive.
Tom's death broke Mary's heart.
We're very lucky to be alive.
Tom wrote long letters to Mary.
We have an obligation to do it.
Tom wished he was someone else.
We've been very good friends.
Tom will lend you his umbrella.
We've come to an arrangement.
I swear I'll make it up to you.
Tom will be back after a while.
We've done that work for you.
Tom went to his parents' place.
We've got a pretty good team.
Tom went to his parents' house.
We've got to do a lot better.
Tom was strangled in his sleep.
We've got to finish this job.
Tom was sitting all by himself.
We've got to fix some things.
Tom wants to get out of prison.
We've just got to get better.
Tom wanted to talk to a lawyer.
We've just got to keep going.
Tom wanted to see justice done.
We've learned that that's OK.
Tom wanted to see his children.
We've made many improvements.
Tom wanted to ask Mary a favor.
We've never been here before.
Tom walked back into the hotel.
We've never done that before.
Tom waited for someone to come.
What happened to your guitar?
Tom usually won't speak French.
Tom tried to poison Mary's dog.
Where exactly did you put it?
Tom took care of the situation.
Who did you go swimming with?
This is a tower.
Tom lost his wedding ring.
Have you ever seen a puppet show?
Having begun to read the book on the commuter train, I became fascinated, and for the only time in my life I went past my stop.
Tom threatened to kill himself.
You really just don't get it.
Tom thought no one was looking.
You sure have a lot of money.
Tom studied French for a while.
You'd better not tell anyone.
Tom strangled Mary with a rope.
You're much faster than I am.
Tom started screaming for help.
You're way smarter than I am.
Tom stabbed Mary with scissors.
Tom spent the night in his van.
We didn't get much done today.
Tom spent many years in prison.
We don't have school tomorrow.
Tom should've gotten a warning.
We don't know who's out there.
Tom should be kept behind bars.
We don't talk about that here.
I can't believe you did this to me.
I can't believe you did this to me!
We were both a bit drunk.
Tom sent a long letter to Mary.
We drove to Boston last month.
Tom seems to be a good swimmer.
We had a wonderful time today.
Tom says he regrets doing that.
We have a bit more work to do.
Tom sat on the floor and cried.
We have a good team right now.
Tom said he was ready to leave.
We have a long way left to go.
This bank secretly opened bank accounts in people's names without their permission.
Tom is openly gay.
Tom became disillusioned after working on Wall Street for a few years.
Tom wanted me to buy shares from his newspaper.
My computer is running slow.
Tom rides a motorcycle to work.
We have lots and lots of time.
Tom returned to his hotel room.
We have many things in common.
Tom returned home disappointed.
We have more than enough food.
Tom regretted what he had done.
We have reason to be thankful.
Tom ran to a neighbor for help.
We have the best food in town.
With the closure of the bridge, it will take a lot longer to get to the airport.
I learned about the accident in the newspaper.
They have water.
There was nothing so very remarkable in that; nor did Alice think it so very much out of the way to hear the Rabbit say to itself, "Oh dear! Oh dear! I shall be too late!" (when she thought it over afterwards, it occurred to her that she ought to have wondered at this, but at the time it all seemed quite natural;) but when the Rabbit actually took a watch out of its waistcoat-pocket, and looked at it, and then hurried on, Alice started to her feet, for it flashed across her mind that she had never before seen a rabbit with either a waistcoat-pocket, or a watch to take out of it, and, burning with curiosity, she ran across the field after it, and was just in time to see it pop down a large rabbit-hole under the hedge.
A third of the earth's surface is desert.
You don't have the answer to this question.
The peasants are planting rice.
Tom said he saw something suspicious the morning Mary died.
Why do these pills always have to have side effects?
Mary claims you stole her pearls.
That is so embarrassing.
I tell you this without wanting to be argumentative and in all friendship.
I am very worried.
Tom can't work this evening.
Do you deliver?
Tom ran back across the street.
We have to be more consistent.
Tom practices every single day.
We have to be tough sometimes.
Tom played at local jazz clubs.
We have to clean up this mess.
Tom performed in bars and pubs.
We have to do that right away.
Tom noticed blood on the floor.
We have to do the best we can.
The three primary colors are the basis of all the other colors.
Tom looks Chinese.
Mary looks Scandinavian.
Don't slip.
At the end of every subject, I have an exam.
Make something up.
The rich need me, the poor have lots of me, and if I eat it I will die. What am I?
There were lots of people at the concert.
I'm not in on Sunday.
He's as tall as me.
Where's the nearest shop?
It's so dark in Sweden in the winter.
I cleaned the windows in the spring but they're dirty again.
Tom went to math camp.
Tom and Mary went camping in the mountains.
Mary is a math nerd.
Tom is a mathematician.
Tom is a data scientist.
Tom is a math nerd.
You should diversify your portfolio.
The Earth rotates.
This gym has a climbing wall.
Many students struggle with math and science.
"What did you wish for?" "It's a secret."
Tom never finished high school.
We have to protect our border.
Tom needs to go back to Boston.
We have to respect each other.
Tom must be worried about Mary.
We haven't done that all year.
Tom meant for you to have this.
We haven't done this in years.
Tom may not be able to do that.
We haven't had any complaints.
This is just a game.
Tom may have already done that.
We haven't heard anything yet.
Tom made a bamboo flute for Mary.
We haven't made any deals yet.
Tom left his jacket in his car.
We haven't talked for a while.
Tom knows the area pretty well.
We haven't used it in a while.
Tom knows all about it already.
We heard that you had trouble.
In another moment down went Alice after it, never once considering how in the world she was to get out again.
The rabbit-hole went straight on like a tunnel for some way, and then dipped suddenly down, so suddenly that Alice had not a moment to think about stopping herself before she found herself falling down what seemed to be a very deep well.
I detest life-insurance agents: they always argue that I shall some day die, which is not so.
You know, many a man realizes late in life that if when he was a boy he had known what he knows now, instead of being what he is he might be what he won't; but how few boys stop to think that if they knew what they don't know instead of being what they will be, they wouldn't be?
At the University I spent my entire time in the acquisition of languages, living, dead, and half-dead, and knew nothing of the outside world. In this diligent pursuit of words I spent about sixteen hours of each day. Very soon after graduation I had forgotten the languages, and found myself intellectually bankrupt. In other words I was what is called a distinguished graduate, and, as such, I took to school teaching as the only trade I could find that need neither experience nor intellect.
I took the degree of Doctor of Philosophy in 1903. The meaning of this degree is that the recipient of instruction is examined for the last time in his life, and is pronounced completely full. After this, no new ideas can be imparted to him.
I have no patience for children.
His voice was soft and gentle.
Misfortune is rarely pleasant.
The bottle of water is in the fridge.
You are well aware that Austria has no coast.
Is there a hospital around here?
That was a sight for sore eyes.
Whether we like it or not, we have to go there.
Tom knew who Mary's father was.
We help them in a lot of ways.
We hope you're in good health.
I asked Tom what he was eating.
We just can't keep doing that.
You don't need to talk to Tom.
We just did what we had to do.
Why wasn't Tom here yesterday?
We just don't know enough yet.
You plugged the SATA cable into a different slot.
Why is Tom trying to scare me?
We just don't know what it is.
Who swims faster, Tom or Mary?
We just don't think it's cool.
Who did Tom go to Boston with?
We just fixed a couple things.
Where exactly did you see Tom?
We just got rid of everything.
What train is Tom arriving on?
We just have to be aggressive.
Fear not.
We need to teach Tom a lesson.
We just want to be reasonable.
We don't want Tom on our team.
We just want to get this done.
Tom's place is easy to get to.
We just want to live in peace.
Tom's house is near the beach.
We know everything about that.
Tom's children are downstairs.
We know how important this is.
Tom's car is stuck in the mud.
We know how it's going to end.
Tom's answer stunned everyone.
We know it won't happen again.
Tom wrote the message himself.
We know it's important to you.
Tom would do anything for you.
We know the work is dangerous.
Tom worked for Mary's husband.
We know we're capable of that.
This is a game for four players.
Some horses were grazing in a fenced area.
Tom comes home every day for lunch.
The soldiers fought bravely.
What's the point of school?
Tom is a celebrity chef.
You don't pull any punches.
You don't pull any punches, do you?
There remain only a few ruins.
Tom worked at a grocery store.
We know what happened and why.
Tom will win, don't you think?
We know what the problems are.
Tom will visit Mary next week.
We know what we're capable of.
Tom will visit Mary in Boston.
We know what we're up against.
Tom will come on October 20th.
We know you'll do what's best.
Tom went to the tattoo parlor.
We like to do the same things.
Tom went to the swimming pool.
We made a lot of bad mistakes.
Tom went out to look for Mary.
We made far too many mistakes.
Tom went out looking for Mary.
We made way too many mistakes.
Tom went home for the weekend.
We make just enough to get by.
Tom doesn't like multiple choice exams.
You can be anything you want to be when you grow up.
We have a lot to learn from other cultures.
Education is really important.
You always have a choice.
Tom is a marketing consultant.
They just arrived at their destination.
I'll look up the number for you.
His success met some eclipses.
Tom still has great vitality for his age.
Tom went down to the basement.
We may never win another game.
Tom wasn't allowed to do that.
We must think of another plan.
Tom was evicted from his home.
We need it now more than ever.
Tom wants to apologize to you.
We need more doctors like you.
Tom wanted to protect himself.
We need our demands to be met.
The apple is ripe.
How much does an egg cost?
Willow branches don't break under the weight of snow.
Tom wanted to make more money.
We need some more information.
Tom wanted to be part of that.
We need to be more aggressive.
Tom wanted me to learn French.
We need to get away from here.
Tom walked to the parking lot.
We need to get something done.
Tom walked into the courtroom.
We never speak French at home.
How much do eggs cost?
We've just got to keep talking.
I'm your doctor, not your executioner.
I think she likes him.
I think he likes her.
Tom walked as far as he could.
We really don't have a choice.
Tom waited for thirty minutes.
We really had nothing to lose.
Tom visited Australia in 2013.
We relaxed in the living room.
Tom turned off his headlights.
We should be better than this.
Tom tried to resuscitate Mary.
We showed them what we can do.
I'm not as rich as you are.
I have billions of dollars.
My brother bought me a small toy.
My sister bought me a red ribbon.
I didn't know you were down there.
Tom tried to protect his kids.
We spent hours looking for it.
Tom traveled around Australia.
We stayed at the Hilton Hotel.
Tom tore the letter to pieces.
We still have more work to do.
Tom took Mary out on his boat.
We still have some work to do.
Tom took Mary back to her car.
We still haven't seen one yet.
We perceive lightning before thunder.
Love is as strong as death.
Tom told Mary to go back home.
We think we've got that fixed.
Tom told Mary the whole truth.
We thought it was pretty good.
Tom told Mary not to go there.
We understand that better now.
Tom told Mary how it happened.
We understand that completely.
Tom talked to Mary last night.
We used to do a lot of things.
Dick died when he was ten years old.
He's okay.
Tom tiptoed into the bedroom to avoid waking up his wife.
Mary took a picture and sent it to her friend.
It was one of the worst experiences of my life.
I want to unlock your secrets.
Eva is not such an ugly girl.
What's the fun in this?
Tom studied criminal behavior.
We used to go out every night.
Tom stepped out of the shower.
We want them to be successful.
Tom stayed up the whole night.
We want to help, but we can't.
Tom started talking with Mary.
We want to know what happened.
Tom started screaming at Mary.
We want to make it affordable.
The little girl felt abandoned.
Tom was arrested for resisting arrest.
Tom sang Mary's favorite song.
We wish we could've done more.
Tom said that he was so sorry.
We won't allow this to happen.
Tom said he was going to work.
We won't know until next year.
Tom said he doesn't feel well.
We'll be there to support you.
Tom really wanted to see Mary.
We'll just have to start over.
Tom spent three years behind bars.
We want to solve that problem.
Tom showed us his photo album.
We wanted to get out of there.
Tom screamed to Mary for help.
We went on a really long walk.
We were actually pretty lucky.
Tom saw Mary trying to escape.
We were there for a long time.
Tom really likes sports a lot.
We're all part of the problem.
Tom really likes Boston a lot.
We're both really competitive.
Tom put some clean clothes on.
We're doing phenomenally well.
Tom put on some clean clothes.
We're facing serious problems.
Tom put his keys on the table.
We're going back to our hotel.
Tom showed his friend a YouTube video.
He reached into the case and stopped the pendulum.
Tom promised not to harm Mary.
We're going to do it properly.
Tom persuaded Mary to do that.
We're going to have more rain.
Tom owns about thirty guitars.
We're going to need them both.
Tom opened the balcony window.
We're just having a good time.
Tom only mentioned Mary twice.
We're just not used to it yet.
My cat is going to have kittens next month.
We don't need anybody else.
A few months ago, a father shot and killed his two children.
A few months ago, a father shot his two children dead.
Today's lesson was longer than usual.
Go and talk to her, Tom. What are you afraid of?
It's a miracle that Tom is still alive.
It is a miracle that Tom is still alive.
It's a miracle that Tom's still alive.
It is a miracle that Tom's still alive.
Tom is still eating.
Tom's still eating.
The referee suspended the game.
Maria is a very polite and simple girl.
Maria is a very polite, simple girl.
He needs to buy a towel.
Man's power is knowledge.
The Atlantic Ocean is very big.
I'm a child in a man's body.
I am a child in a man's body.
Tom and Gabriela got married in the Catholic church.
Parents would never abandon their children for anything in this world.
Libraries are real treasures for avid readers.
I'm going to travel to Boston this weekend.
On which side of the bed do you sleep?
Which side of the bed do you sleep?
Tom noticed something was odd.
We're not satisfied with that.
Tom noticed something strange.
We're not where we want to be.
Tom never stopped loving Mary.
We're pleased with the result.
Tom never signed the contract.
We're real excited about that.
Tom never asked me to do that.
We've already waited too long.
Can I make you a proposal?
I'll try not to disturb you while you're studying.
Tom needs to talk to a lawyer.
We've always been competitive.
Tom might make a good stepdad.
We've been here since October.
Tom might be the one for Mary.
We've corrected the situation.
Tom messed with the wrong guy.
We've done what we came to do.
Tom loved being a traffic cop.
We've got a lot of confidence.
They are not my friends.
Tom lives just outside Boston.
We've got no plans to do that.
Tom likes all of his teachers.
We've got to start doing that.
Tom let Mary use his phone.
We've got too much work to do.
Tom left town three weeks ago.
We've never seen any of those.
Tom left his windows unlocked.
We've talked a lot about this.
Don't let your muscles atrophy.
Don't allow your muscles to degenerate.
Yesterday was Friday; the day after tomorrow is Monday.
Tom left his phone in his car.
We've talked about that a lot.
Tom knows that Mary loves him.
We've waited too long already.
Why does Tom have to do that?
What time do we get to Boston?
Who runs faster, Tom or Mary?
When are you going to do that?
Who knows where Tom was born?
Who did you go to Boston with?
Can you recommend a good doctor?
Can you recommend a good red wine?
We haven't seen Tom in weeks.
You sure are busy, aren't you?
Tom wrote a story about that.
You're much smarter than I am.
Tom writes to me once a week.
We didn't need to buy anything.
Tom wouldn't let us help him.
We didn't need to pay anything.
Tom works the midnight shift.
We don't have much flexibility.
Yes, Tom actually said that.
Tom will stay for three days.
We have a big audience tonight.
Tom will be waiting for Mary.
We have lots of questions, too.
Tom will be thirty next year.
We have no choice but to fight.
Tom went to Boston with Mary.
We have plenty to keep us busy.
Tom was wearing a black coat.
We have the right to bear arms.
He is here.
He's here.
Money changes people.
Sit back, relax and enjoy.
Just sit back, relax and enjoy.
Sit back, relax and enjoy the ride.
Sit back and enjoy the show.
Just sit back and enjoy the show.
Get yourself some popcorn, sit back and enjoy the show.
The separation of church and state is one of the fundamental principles of the Constitution.
The Republicans want more tax cuts for the rich.
It was painful to watch.
This country has an aging population.
That was your plan all along, wasn't it?
Tom was the one who did that.
We have to be better than that.
Tom was allowed to help Mary.
We have until 2:p.m. Monday.
Tom wants to meet Mary again.
We haven't finished doing that.
Tom wants to become a doctor.
We haven't had that happen yet.
Tom stopped reading the book.
We haven't made a decision yet.
Tom stood very close to Mary.
We hope to do better this week.
Tom sold everything he owned.
We just can't take that chance.
Tom showed me his new guitar.
We just couldn't find anything.
Tom shoved Mary off the pier.
We just didn't want to do that.
Tom sat next to me in church.
We just don't have enough time.
That's not what I was talking about.
That's not what he was talking about.
That's not what she was talking about.
That's not what we were talking about.
That's not what they were talking about.
That's a sight for sore eyes.
I need to know what they were talking about.
What were you talking about, again?
What were we talking about, again?
What was I talking about, again?
Tom said he didn't kiss Mary.
We just have to work very hard.
Tom replaced John as captain.
We just made too many mistakes.
Tom raced Mary down the hill.
We know each other pretty well.
Tom once owned a lot of land.
We know it's not going to work.
Tom never would've done that.
We know we're better than that.
Is your dad here?
Is your mom here?
It's not because things are difficult that we dare not venture. It's because we dare not venture that they are difficult.
"Your sentence is 95% correct." "What's wrong with the remaining 5%?"
It is not because things are difficult that we do not dare, it is because we do not dare that they are difficult.
"If you throw me back, I'll fulfill one of your wishes," said the goldfish.
I'm serious when I say if you'll learn how to cook, I'll marry you.
Tom needs a driver's license.
We know we've got big problems.
Tom needed thirteen stitches.
We know what you did was right.
Tom moved to a smaller house.
We know what you're capable of.
Tom motioned for me to leave.
We know what's going to happen.
Tom motioned for me to enter.
We may not be able to stop you.
That's not what Tom is talking about.
Tom met Mary on his way home.
We need everyone to be patient.
You love Tom more than I do.
We need more teachers like you.
Will you see Tom next month?
We need people to work with us.
Who knows when Tom was born?
We need to burn all this stuff.
Who is younger, Tom or Mary?
We need to find out what it is.
Who is heavier, Tom or Mary?
We need you back in the office.
Tom, there's a call for you.
We plan to go as far as we can.
Tom's mother is calling him.
We raised quite a bit of money.
Tom's dog killed Mary's cat.
We really can make this happen.
Tom works for Mary's father.
We really have a lot in common.
Tom won't play tennis today.
We really have nothing to lose.
Tom won't escape punishment.
We seem to agree on everything.
Tom won't call this evening.
We should find out pretty soon.
Tom will now be proud of me.
We should find out soon enough.
Tom will get well very soon.
We should never have come here.
A man should have the courage to admire people who set high goals, even if they fail.
They need to be prepared to pay more.
Thanks for your support!
Tom has stopped coming to school.
The bath is free.
I agreed to have dinner with Tom.
Tom leaned over to kiss Mary.
Stop repeating yourself.
I think something's wrong with Tom.
I saw Tom kiss you.
Tom didn't kiss me.
Did Tom really just say that?
Tom tried to make Mary jealous.
Could you pass me the maple syrup?
Tom is your son, too.
I worry about Tom, too.
Whenever I find a new word or meaning, I write it down in this list.
Have you already eaten at home?
I heard you majored in linguistics at university.
That over there is the kitchen, and the bathroom is right next to it.
Please step back behind the white line and wait for the train to arrive.
Tom changed the light bulb.
What makes you think I am God?
This is my mother's restaurant.
I have to be home by dinner.
I have to be home for dinner.
Tom's home was swallowed by a sinkhole.
Tom really hates me for some reason.
It has been a long day for everyone.
This fossil is over million years old.
The European Space Agency's probe, Schiaparelli, has crashed on Mars.
This is absolutely correct.
Cave diving is very dangerous.
The aquifer provides water for irrigation.
The aquifer is Florida's main source of drinking water.
Your message has been sent.
I lied that I knew the defendant. In fact, I never met her before.
The fact that Tom lied that he was at home when he was actually in the office the night of the murder is proof of his guilt.
I know Bosnian.
In any case, no one listened to his advice.
Tom will get well in a week.
We should've been more focused.
Tom will break up with Mary.
We spoke for about three hours.
Tom will be late for dinner.
We still have a few hours left.
Tom will be home in October.
We still have a few weeks left.
Tom will be here until noon.
We still have things we can do.
Tom said something mean about me.
Mary said something mean about me.
How do you say "rugby" in English?
Eight years ago, we were in the early stages of what would become the worst economic crisis of our lifetimes.
One of the most urgent challenges of our time is climate change.
There's still much more to do.
Tom will be here right away.
We suggest you get there early.
Tom will be here in no time.
We talked about a lot of stuff.
Tom will be back in an hour.
We thought we did all we could.
Tom will arrive around noon.
We try to help everyone we can.
Tom went to the barber shop.
We used to be on the same team.
That's not what I'm going to talk about.
That's not what they're going to talk about.
That's not what we're going to talk about.
That's not what he's going to talk about.
That's not what she's going to talk about.
That's not what I am going to talk about.
That is not what I am going to talk about.
That's not what they are going to talk about.
That is not what they are going to talk about.
That is not what we are going to talk about.
That is not what we're going to talk about.
That's not what he is going to talk about.
That is not what he is going to talk about.
That is not what she is going to talk about.
That's not what she is going to talk about.
I want to have a word with you before you leave.
What was his talk about?
What was her talk about?
Tom went shopping yesterday.
We want to keep everybody safe.
Tom went shopping elsewhere.
We wanted to go back to Boston.
Tom went on board the plane.
We went to church every Sunday.
Tom weighs about pounds.
We went to law school together.
Tom wasn't at all satisfied.
We were careful not to do that.
Tom doesn't understand anything.
A cube has six sides.
Tom is an ignorant person. He understands absolutely nothing.
He'd do anything for you.
She'd do anything for you.
He would do anything for you.
She would do anything for you.
Have you ever had a girlfriend, Tom?
Tom wasn't a bright student.
We were glad we had each other.
Tom was wounded by a bullet.
We were just about to call you.
Tom was very sick last week.
We were very surprised by that.
Tom was very busy yesterday.
We weren't given a fair chance.
Tom was very afraid of Mary.
We weren't given food or water.
I waited for three hours.
The lights went down and the curtain went up.
Tom was raised by his uncle.
We wished each other good luck.
Tom was clearly embarrassed.
We worked really well together.
Tom was accepted to Harvard.
We'd be crazy not to advertise.
Tom wants to thank you, too.
We'd better get it out of here.
Tom wants to be an engineer.
We'll all have to wait and see.
Tom wants to be a celebrity.
We'll assist in any way we can.
Tom wanted to buy that book.
We'll be here for another week.
Tom walked all the way home.
We'll be there waiting for you.
Tom usually gets up at 6:30.
We'll never forget what we saw.
Tom usually comes home late.
We're aware of what's going on.
Tom treats me like an adult.
We're doing what we love to do.
Tom took his dog to the vet.
We're doing what we want to do.
Tom took credit for my idea.
We're done answering questions.
Tom took a bite of my apple.
We're going to be working late.
Tom stood there for a while.
We're going to have a good day.
Tom started washing his car.
We're going to miss doing this.
Tom slipped and nearly fell.
We're going to wait in the car.
Tom showed me what he meant.
We're not open on Thanksgiving.
Tom should've worked harder.
We're not sure what's going on.
Tom should've been an actor.
We're planning to do just that.
I received a very strange e-mail the other day.
A suffering adult is a child who has forgotten who he is.
I intend to do more than this.
The paper cut his finger as if it were a razor blade.
We don't have time to hesitate.
I'll take the shortest route.
Tom should've been a lawyer.
We're trying as hard as we can.
Tom should change his locks.
We're trying our best to do it.
Tom should be there by noon.
We're trying to think positive.
Tom should be there by 2:30.
We've always been good friends.
Tom seems unable to do that.
We have an obligation to do that.
He's a thief, although he doesn't look like it.
It doesn't look like a good place for bargains.
Here you can make good bargains.
Tell everyone around you that tonight's party will be a huge one!
You're free to leave now.
Yesterday's party was an unforgettable one.
I have already done so many sacrifices, I can't afford to do another one!
I racked my mind to find a solution to the riddle but eventually failed to find one.
She's not all that gorgeous.
I enjoy building snowmen and playing in the snow. I'll have to wait until it snows here.
When Christmas comes around, I usually receive a lot of presents.
We have a stressful day ahead of us.
She yearns for her family.
I have done what I could not leave.
I do not speak to him about this thing.
Two cackling geese live by the pond.
It will not rain tomorrow.
A cow cannot jump from the tree like a unicorn.
We do not know if he is coming or not.
Nobody can outdo my generosity, but I am only a little boastful.
Little things often have big consequences.
Maria would like to know if Esperanto is really as easy to learn as Tom has claimed it to be.
She skived off school.
I met your son yesterday and he politely greeted me.
Can you prove the validity of your assertion?
I met him totally unexpectedly.
She's starting to like this house.
The runner-up was given an honorable mention.
He always kept an open mind about his future career.
The woman stays at home with the child.
I already know what the theme of the radio programme will be.
Tom changed the summer tyres.
Tom has whooping cough.
Many people go for a walk on the promenade.
I violently flinched at the bang.
Hey, place the toolbox in the truck!
Tom placed the boards bit by bit on the conveyor belt.
Yes, Tom is a nice guy, but I wouldn't be able to fall in love with him.
Tom is an ignoramus. He understands absolutely nothing.
Do you prefer buying clothes with or without a hood?
I'm doing a tour of the city.
Not only was their sheer amount stunning, but also the size of every individual one: magnificent pumpkins, as far as the eye could see.
After the end of the first world war, when battle painting was no longer in demand, Tom turned to nature.
A hundred years ago the jungle had already fascinated people so much, that they placed it under protection.
I am excited about our new Turkish course.
It's wonderful to see you all again.
I would like to be like you.
It's quite ironic.
He says at every opportunity what a great guy he is.
This is a different kettle of fish.
How has your day been?
Because the adults have a lot to do, the children are left to their own devices.
You must be prepared for the fact that he could drop by at any moment.
There is no spoon.
This word should be treated as a noun in this case.
The artifact discovered at the archaeological site should be treated with utmost care.
Everything he said so far should be treated as evidence.
Did you get stuck in traffic?
I got stuck in traffic.
I'm glad things worked out for you.
Dogs like squeaky toys.
Dogs like retrieving balls.
Dogs like playing with other dogs.
Tom seems to have been rich.
We've got to be ready for that.
Tom seems to be a good cook.
We've got to do that on Monday.
Tom saw Mary at the station.
We've gotten pretty good at it.
Tom sat beside me in church.
We've just got to do something.
Tom said that he liked rain.
We've just got to keep working.
There are no spoons.
Tom said he didn't see Mary.
We've known this for some time.
Tom said he could swim well.
We've read what you've written.
Tom requested my assistance.
What are you planning on doing?
Tom remained silent all day.
What did you expect me to give you?
Tom refused to listen to me.
What exactly do you want to do?
Ask him when she will come back.
Ask him when he will come back.
Tom refused to abandon hope.
What's your father's full name?
Tom really likes cats a lot.
Where should we pitch our tent?
Tom really likes basketball.
Why did you burn those letters?
Tom read a book all morning.
Why should we bother fixing it?
Tom quit his job last month.
You sure have a lot of friends.
These shoes don't fit.
These shoes are way too small for me.
Smile!
On my honour!
Has the plaster set?
At night I lay awake waiting for the break of dawn.
World Diabetes Day is on the 14th November.
Was my sentence incorrect? Or inelegant? Or both? Or neither one nor the other?
No one had ever heard of that.
She looked at him in doubt and eventually sighed.
Tom plays golf every Monday.
You'd be a fool not to do that.
Tom played tennis yesterday.
I'm sure you'll enjoy the party.
Tom played golf last Monday.
We aren't all in the same place.
Tom plans to sell his house.
We can drive as fast as we want.
Tom plans to go there alone.
We didn't do much today, did we?
Now I know what's in store for me and can act accordingly.
I think that it is the right time to introduce the product.
Tom painted the walls white.
We have a lot of work to do yet.
Tom paid with a credit card.
We have a very strong community.
Tom only had thirty dollars.
We have an unusual relationship.
Tom never stops complaining.
We have everything you need now.
Tom never speaks about that.
We have just over employees.
Tom never left the building.
We have no idea how it happened.
Tom never cared much for me.
We have to be extremely careful.
Tom never asked me to dance.
We have to be prepared for that.
Tom needs some help from us.
We have to become a better team.
Tom must've had an accident.
We have to correct our mistakes.
When they go low, we go high.
Tom might still be using it.
We have to get out of here fast.
Tom may not wait any longer.
We have to get something to eat.
Tom may not be able to come.
We have to keep working on that.
Tom may have missed the bus.
We have to learn how to do that.
Tom married a Canadian girl.
We have to make sure we do that.
I will take the shortest route.
Tom took the bait.
Tom lost his umbrella again.
We have to prioritize our needs.
Tom lost his son in the war.
We have to protect our children.
Tom looks thinner every day.
We have to start all over again.
Tom lives in a trailer park.
We haven't been able to do that.
Tom lived next to his uncle.
We haven't caught the thief yet.
Tom likes jazz, but I don't.
We haven't decided anything yet.
Tom likes jazz, and so do I.
We haven't done that in a month.
Tom likes Mary, and so do I.
We haven't done that in a while.
Tom left his hat in my room.
We haven't had any problems yet.
Tom knows many French songs.
We haven't increased our prices.
The food is delicious.
There's something I'm not clear about.
I've read every page except the last one.
Have the neighbors complained?
When I woke up, it was still dark outside.
Tom knows how to tell jokes.
We haven't made any changes yet.
Tom knows how to milk a cow.
We hope it doesn't happen again.
Tom knows how to make candy.
We just couldn't make it happen.
You shouldn't laugh at Tom.
We just didn't get the job done.
We elected Tom chairperson.
We just didn't have a plan then.
We chose Tom to be captain.
We just don't feel like dancing.
Tom's room is full of toys.
We just don't have enough money.
Tom works as a gym teacher.
We just talked for a little bit.
Tom won't be back tomorrow.
We kind of like what we've done.
Tom will tell us the truth.
We knew something had to change.
Tom will meet the Jacksons.
We knew what we were up against.
Tom will lend you his book.
We know each other far too well.
Tom will go, too, won't he?
We know how this is going to go.
Tom will doubtless be late.
We know it's going to be OK now.
Tom will buy that painting.
We know that and they know that.
Tom will be really pleased.
We know that this is impossible.
Tom will be a good husband.
We know what we have to do next.
Tom went to Boston in 2013.
We know what you did last night.
Tom wasn't there last week.
We know what you're looking for.
Tom wasn't able to do that.
We know where your family lives.
This makes me angry.
This makes me sad.
This makes me happy.
This makes me so angry.
Tom was wounded in the war.
We like doing things on our own.
Tom was punished for lying.
We may not have enough uniforms.
Tom was dressed as a woman.
We need all the food we can get.
Tom was born in the winter.
We need to know what's going on.
Tom was alone in the house.
We needed to be more aggressive.
Tom was allowed to do that.
We probably won't do that again.
Tom wants you to stay here.
We shook hands and said goodbye.
Tom wants to be a designer.
We should let you get some rest.
Tom wanted to keep working.
We spend a lot of time together.
Tom wanted to impress Mary.
We spent a lot of money on that.
I was through the war.
Tom walked to the bus stop.
We spoke for around three hours.
Tom walked Mary to her car.
We still have quite a bit to do.
Tom visits us twice a year.
We take a lot of trips together.
Tom types better than Mary.
We talk about that all the time.
Tom tried hard, but failed.
We talked about this last night.
He certainly had a way with him.
You can have every confidence in me.
I can't compete with this.
"Vaishnava Jana To" was one of Gandhi's favourite bhajans.
Qawwals sing qawwalis.
Tom took a sip of my drink.
We text each other all the time.
Tom told a very funny joke.
We think we solved your problem.
Tom told Mary not to smoke.
We thought that would be enough.
Tom thinks he can prove it.
We thought we could do anything.
Tom swims well for his age.
Better an end with horror than a horror without end.
Can you give those books to me?
If you listen to foreign language songs, feel tunes nice, but do not understand the lyrics, then you can not say you like this song, can only say that like the tune.
The professor rejected me for personal reasons!
The deep layers of the ocean is still almost unexplored.
You are pale.
Scream a bit quieter!
What makes America America?
This day started like any other ordinary day.
Do you know, how high is the television tower?
We lived together for two years, but we aren't married.
The conference offered us the opportunity to reconnect with associates of different countries.
I love this romantic music.
The truck collided with the car.
Tom studies French as well.
We want new ideas, not old ones.
Tom showed Mary my picture.
We want to know where you stand.
Tom showed Mary his garden.
We want to make a simple change.
Tom should come right away.
We want to make everybody happy.
Tom receives a high salary.
We want to thank you for coming.
Should one say "thou" or "ye"?
We went back to the living room.
Tom ran the fastest of all.
We went to high school together.
Tom quickly figured it out.
We went to the same high school.
Tom puts the boys to sleep.
We were all laughing about that.
Tom put the lid on the box.
We were always able to have fun.
I'm making popcorn.
I'm making popcorn. Do you want some?
Mary gathered her composure.
Tom ate a frozen dinner.
Tom ate a TV dinner.
I want popcorn.
He moved the furniture.
Good afternoon everybody!
Let's rejoice.
The hailstorm ruined crops.
Have you met the new family in our neighborhood?
I was flying, like the wind.
We will buy bread.
Tom put milk in his coffee.
We were expecting a lot of snow.
Tom punched me in the face.
We were giving it all we've got.
Tom probably won't do that.
We were married for three years.
Tom poured me a cup of tea.
We won't make you wait too long.
Tom plays tennis every day.
We'd better do that before 2:30.
You should speak clearer.
Tom plans to go by himself.
We'd like to know more about it.
Tom painted the wall white.
We'll have to just wait and see.
Tom often quotes the Bible.
We're all looking forward to it.
Tom often plays the guitar.
We're all very excited about it.
Tom now lives in Australia.
We're both planning to be there.
Tom needs to do that again.
We're definitely going to do it.
Tom named his puppy Cookie.
We're going to a cocktail party.
Tom must've been home then.
We're going to do that tomorrow.
Tom makes fun of everybody.
We're going to fix those things.
Tom maintains his car well.
We're going to raise our prices.
Tom didn't like the taste much.
Tom looks as young as ever.
We're going to try to win again.
Tom lived in Boston, right?
We're hoping to open in October.
Tom listened to my opinion.
We're just about ready to leave.
Tom lifted Mary in the air.
We're just hoping for some luck.
Tom left with someone else.
We're not all in the same place.
Maria is in Boston.
Tom knows he has a problem.
We're not doing the best we can.
You'll soon hear from Tom.
We're pleased with our progress.
You shouldn't talk to Tom.
We're preparing to do just that.
You should go talk to Tom.
We're pretty good at what we do.
You need to meet with Tom.
We're reviewing all our options.
Why does Tom call me Mary?
We're so happy to see you again.
Who is taller, you or Tom?
We're still confused about that.
We don't owe Tom anything.
We're still the best of friends.
We didn't need Tom's help.
We're trying to do what's right.
Tom writes me once a week.
We're willing to try new things.
Either the well was very deep, or she fell very slowly, for she had plenty of time as she went down to look about her, and to wonder what was going to happen next. First, she tried to look down and make out what she was coming to, but it was too dark to see anything: then she looked at the sides of the well, and noticed that they were filled with cupboards and book-shelves: here and there she saw maps and pictures hung upon pegs. She took down a jar from one of the shelves as she passed; it was labelled "ORANGE MARMALADE," but to her great disappointment it was empty: she did not like to drop the jar for fear of killing somebody underneath, so managed to put it into one of the cupboards as she fell past it.
What is he going to do?
What is she going to do?
What do you think they should do?
What do you think he should do?
What do you think she should do?
I don't like being around poor people.
I don't like being around rich people.
He's such a snob.
She's such a snob.
They're such snobs.
I'm a snob.
I'm a snob, and proud of it.
I'm not a racist. You're the racist.
Chess helps improve reading skills and concentration.
You're the real racist.
He's the real racist.
Tom wouldn't have noticed.
We've been doing that for years.
Tom worked all night long.
We've been doing this for years.
Tom won't do that anymore.
We've been here a couple months.
Tom will return next week.
We've been here for a long time.
Tom will probably be late.
We've been improving every year.
She's the real racist.
They're the real racists.
I'm not racist, but...
Tom will never walk again.
We've been married thirty years.
Tom will leave in an hour.
We've been to Boston many times.
Tom will help us tomorrow.
We've been together a long time.
Tom will go in your place.
We've been working hard on this.
Tom will follow my advice.
We've discussed a lot of things.
It's my favorite language.
That's my favorite language.
That's her favorite language.
That's his favorite language.
It's his favorite language.
It's her favorite language.
Tom will end up in prison.
We've done way too much already.
Tom will become a teacher.
We've faced this problem before.
Tom will always love Mary.
We've got a lot more work to do.
Tom went there by bicycle.
We've got to be prepared to act.
Tom went out to get lunch.
We've had a lot of fun together.
She's itching to dance.
You can't just lie to them like that.
I'm not a racist, but I just don't like them.
I love how that language sounds.
I love the way it sounds.
It sounds great.
It sounds lovely.
I think it sounds lovely.
Tom was the first to come.
We've learned from our mistakes.
Tom was playing the piano.
We've looked at a lot of things.
Tom was alone at the time.
We've lost three games in a row.
Tom wanted to be a farmer.
We've used almost all the money.
Tom usually comes on time.
What do you think of my costume?
What time is it in Paris now?
Tom threw his cigarette on the floor.
What did they look like?
This time my goal is London.
They're racists.
I love animals especially cats.
I meditate and do yoga.
I am interested in all religions.
My hobbies are reading, writing, walking and entering sweepstakes.
Tom took off his overcoat.
When are you going back to work?
Tom studies before dinner.
Where should we go next weekend?
Tom stayed home with Mary.
You sure do have a lot of money.
Tom speaks fairly quickly.
We can do a lot better than this.
Tom slept for a few hours.
We can't force people to do that.
Tom showers every morning.
We don't want to miss our flight.
Tom says that he's hungry.
We have a lot of work left to do.
Tom reminds me of someone.
We have nothing to apologize for.
Tom really likes swimming.
We have nothing to be ashamed of.
Tom quit school last year.
We have to do that before Monday.
Tom promised not to smoke.
We have to evacuate the building.
Tom plays the violin well.
We have to find a way to do that.
Tom plays chess very well.
We have to make it easy for them.
Tom often wears corduroys.
We haven't actually tried it yet.
Tom may have left already.
We haven't been able to prove it.
It's a curious coincidence.
Are you and Tom friends?
She sounds desperate.
She sounded desperate.
Tom sounds desperate.
Tom may have gone already.
We haven't been around that long.
Tom makes me feel special.
We haven't been there in a while.
Tom made me a nice dinner.
We haven't spoken in three years.
Tom looks old for his age.
We helped them out when we could.
Tom lives in an apartment.
We hope this never happens again.
Tom spent the whole meal talking to Mary.
Tom likes classical music.
We intend to do better next year.
Tom lay flat on the floor.
We just don't have a lot of time.
Tom knows all the answers.
We just don't know what happened.
Tom isn't easy to impress.
We just don't know what it means.
You must not talk to Tom.
We just found it a half hour ago.
I can't find the printer.
Where is the printer?
There are no printers here.
Where can I buy printers?
Did you break them?
I visited the barbershop.
Did you steal them?
When did you buy them?
He is the real racist for saying that.
He's the real racist for saying that.
She's the real racist for saying that.
You're the real racist for saying that.
You're the real racist for bringing it up.
He's the real racist for bringing it up.
She's the real racist for bringing it up.
How dare you call me poor?
How dare you call me a racist?
How dare you call me a criminal?
How dare you call me stupid?
Except for some modifications, the project was approved.
He works until midnight.
We work for the money.
Go away: I'm working.
Tom has a secret agenda.
May I cuddle you?
Does somebody know where Mom is?
Zamenhof put his theory into practice.
She knows many bigwigs.
I need a remedy for the pain.
If you would rather be a sober alcoholic then I'd recommend a dry red wine.
My daughter visits me now and then.
I haven't cleared their fields.
She always looks happy, but she is not happy at all.
She is always looking happy, but she is not happy at all.
It's the hottest region in the country.
It's the hottest city in the country.
It's the second-warmest region in the country.
It's the warmest region in the country.
It's the coldest region in the country.
It's the second-coldest region in the country.
You may say that it's shit.
That's no skin off my back.
That's water off a duck's back.
That's no skin off my nose.
That doesn't bother me at all.
Where there is doubt there is freedom.
Without the slightest doubt!
Are you coming? The food's getting cold.
Role Studies are the nuts and bolts of acting.
You've done a good job of that.
Hopefully this Punch & Judy show is nearly over.
Happens all the time.
All is not as bad as it seems.
What did Tom give to you?
We just have to take that chance.
We've got to contact Tom.
We just knew that we could do it.
We expect a lot from Tom.
We knew it was going to be tough.
Tom's music is beautiful.
We knew something had to be done.
Tom wrote a lot of poems.
We knew we just couldn't give up.
I like elephants.
Your son is not interested in studying.
Don't stick your hands where they don't belong!
Tom would be proud of me.
We know health care is expensive.
Tom works at a pawn shop.
We know something happened there.
Tom works at a drugstore.
We know we haven't done anything.
Tom will always be there.
We know what we can and can't do.
Tom went down the stairs.
We know what you're trying to do.
I think I love Tom.
Tom watches TV every day.
We know you've got plenty to say.
Tom wasn't his real name.
We like doing things our own way.
Tom was wearing a tuxedo.
We look forward to the challenge.
Tom was treated terribly.
We look forward to your feedback.
Tom was in a great hurry.
We must not allow this to happen.
She is my father's sister. She is my aunt.
Tom was eager to go home.
We need all the money we can get.
Tom was crushed to death.
We need to do what we need to do.
Tom was covered with mud.
We need to find out who did this.
Tom was accused of theft.
We need to make better decisions.
Tom wants something more.
We need to take care of business.
Tom wants his money back.
We really thought we could do it.
Tom treated me very well.
We should all be protesting this.
Tom sure complains a lot.
We should double date more often.
Tom suggested a solution.
We should go see a movie tonight.
Tom studies after dinner.
We should see more of each other.
I thought the phrase meant goodbye.
We thought his silence meant he approved.
Ancient people thought that droughts and earthquakes meant that the gods were displeased.
The poem was written in Spanish and then translated into Portuguese.
Tom still hasn't arrived.
We should stop seeing each other.
Tom speaks broken French.
We should've celebrated together.
Tom sounds very immature.
We shouldn't be involved in this.
Tom solved every problem.
We spent a lot of time with them.
Tom should've bought one.
We still have so much work to do.
They learn quickly.
I don't care either way.
I have never had my picture taken with a Mexican zebra.
Escargot doesn't sound very appetizing.
Tom should eat breakfast.
We talked for almost three hours.
Tom sent this book to me.
We thank you for your generosity.
Tom sent me some flowers.
We think this doesn't make sense.
Tom sent me a brief note.
We think you should go to Boston.
Tom sells cars in Boston.
We try and look after each other.
We try to look after each other.
When I was small and I broke my leg, I suffered a lot.
How can you read thoughts?
The rescue team rescued the injured.
A face that does not laugh is not welcome.
Tom's house is completely destroyed.
They breastfeed their babies.
The special conditions will be valid until 2025.
What you write and how you write it can change your life.
It probably won't rain tomorrow.
It's not likely to rain tomorrow.
It's unlikely to rain tomorrow.
Not everyone who has a paintbrush in their hand is a painter.
Can someone please help me?
He was in a funny mood today.
Chinese children love rice with sauce.
The early morning hours are the most effective for me.
I am in a bad mood.
The lawyer doubted her innocence.
He has done that on purpose.
Tom seems to be rich now.
We used to talk about everything.
Tom says that he'll wait.
We want to do that, but we can't.
Tom publicly insulted me.
We wanted to celebrate with them.
Tom pays us every Friday.
We went to Australia last summer.
Tom owns a large mansion.
We went to each other's weddings.
Tom ordered a cup of tea.
We were afraid this might happen.
Tom objected to our plan.
We were also in church on Monday.
Tom never keeps his word.
We were as surprised as you were.
Tom never goes to Boston.
We were just about to play chess.
Tom never did that again.
We were just trying to scare you.
God damn it, what the hell is wrong with them?
God damn it, what the hell is wrong with you?
How long have you been smoking?
I began to feel a little better.
Tom may leave any minute.
We were moving a little too fast.
Tom married a rich widow.
We were together for a long time.
Tom made dinner for Mary.
We were unable to find a way out.
Tom lives near the ocean.
We were willing to take the risk.
Tom likes Mary, you know?
We won't know until Monday night.
She allowed me to see her daughter.
This story was inspired by true events.
Cancel all my appointments.
Tom knows how to do this.
We worked really hard, I thought.
You're no match for Tom.
We'd better get back before dark.
You'll be safe with Tom.
We'd love to hear what you think.
You should sit with Tom.
We'll be broke before we know it.
Who stole Tom's bicycle?
We'll be ready when you get back.
We elected Tom chairman.
We'll be talking about that more.
Try to keep up with Tom.
We'll do anything we can to help.
Tom's a bit of a talker.
We'll do the best we can with it.
Tom writes me every day.
We'll have a big party on Monday.
Tom won't do it anymore.
We'll likely never know for sure.
It would behove Tom to look after his own kids instead.
Tom should mind his own business and look after his kids.
Tom wasn't polite to us.
We'll never forget what we found.
Tom was very rude to us.
We'll never forget what we heard.
Tom was very rude to me.
We'll see how much things change.
Tom urged me to do that.
We'll see what happens with that.
Tom should learn French.
We'll sit down and talk about it.
Tom says that he's busy.
We'll try to do better next year.
Tom said Mary should go.
We're all going to do a good job.
Tom repaired my bicycle.
We're close to being really good.
Tom reached for his hat.
We're doing the very best we can.
Tom poisoned Mary's dog.
We're finally on the right track.
Tom's grandfather was a signal officer in the army.
Tom's house has been completely destroyed.
Tom definitely has a crush on Mary.
Both Tom and Mary are blind.
Both Tom and Mary are Canadians.
Both Tom and Mary can't speak French.
Both Tom and Mary now live in Boston.
Both Tom and Mary plan to go to Boston with us next weekend.
Tom forgot to buy milk.
Tom admitted that he was afraid.
Tom's house has a solar roof.
The solar panels charge the batteries during the day.
Esperanto is the most popular auxiliary language ever invented.
There's too much furniture in this room.
Whoever sleeps too much has less time to live.
I paid for it in euros.
They are as quick as a leopard.
This kind of music makes me nervous.
I like learning.
This might seem counter-intuitive.
A joule is a unit of energy.
This movie has a happy ending.
We need to make sure that we're all on the same page.
Tom's muscles are well-defined.
Tom and Mary hid their relationship from their parents.
Mary may be feeling dizzy.
Mary may feel dizzy if she does not sit in the front seat.
Why would anyone think this was a good idea?
Tom doesn't have much teaching experience.
Tom is a young teacher and doesn't have much teaching experience yet.
Tom doesn't have any teaching experience.
The fork is bent.
Tom passed away in 2013.
We're fortunate to have you here.
Tom often asks for help.
We're glad to have you both here.
Tom never stops talking.
We're going back to work tonight.
Tom needs to talk to us.
We're going to go back to basics.
Tom made Mary some toys.
We're going to go to Boston next.
Tom was very busy today.
The two most powerful warriors are patience and time.
You have to organize your time.
Do not squander time, for that's the stuff life is made of.
Time is when stuff happens.
Time is the stuff of life.
What a beautiful number.
Many of Europe's metropolises are plagued by the donut phenomenon.
You're not allowed to walk with the ball in your hands, but you can pivot on one foot.
I wouldn't dare to question your prowess in video games.
Everyone is entitled to be capricious now and then.
The art of taxation consists in so plucking the goose as to procure the largest quantity of feathers with the least possible amount of hissing.
Can somebody explain this to me?
This is the stuff of nightmares.
Some schools have banned students from wearing creepy clown costumes for Halloween.
How lovely you look!
I'd love to help.
Nearly the entire class raised their hands.
He gave her a brief hug.
Tom gave Mary a brief hug.
Tom squeezed Mary's arm gently.
Mary took a hot bubble bath.
Mary smiled demurely.
Tom laughed uproariously.
You look beautiful. Tom will be stunned when he sees you.
Tom is a well-mannered young man.
Tom hid behind his mother's skirts.
You're not playing in the right key.
This is a self-serving argument.
Tom is very pious.
I didn't see you coming.
We both know that's a lie.
Tom's speech was interrupted by jeers.
My sister's guitar is new.
My sister outed me to my parents!
He's seeing an occupational therapist to help him deal with trauma.
You should never say "never".
She showed no interest in the photos.
She showed absolutely no interest in the photos.
She showed little interest in the photos.
She showed hardly any interest in the photos.
She showed great interest in the photos.
Can someone pronounce this word here?
It's important to separate the rubbish.
I saw the house.
Do you like your school?
I will do a full stop and start a new sentence.
percent strategy and percent communication yields percent team success.
Swimming makes the legs stronger.
Do you know how many people live in Australia?
I got up at o'clock today.
Sent from my iPhone.
Do you want me to come over?
Is the householder at home?
I agree with the statement.
We get into the car.
In English, we use a decimal point instead of a comma.
A lunar eclipse can be seen from anywhere on the night side of the earth.
This is a crime scene.
Look at me. I'm talking to you.
Tom is a demagogue.
I got stood up.
The magnitude of a solar eclipse depends on how close you are to the path of totality.
Canada has signed a trade agreement with the European Union.
That's just the way he talks.
Tom and Mary went shopping together for their costumes.
Tom is a goofball.
No one told me that it was a costume party.
Tom sipped his tea.
What are Tom and Mary going to wear to the Halloween party?
Tom rented a costume for the party.
Mary sipped her tea.
With pleasure.
Gladly.
The party was pretty boring at first.
She can be mean sometimes.
Tom won the pumpkin-carving contest.
Tom has learned a valuable lesson.
The sky started to darken.
Mary wore a witch costume.
Mary wore a witch costume to the party.
Mary dressed up as a witch.
Tom put a Jack-o'-lantern in the window.
Mary wore a pirate costume.
I have never been so humiliated in my entire life.
Giraffes and ants are distant cousins.
How did you dress for Halloween?
If he asked you to jump off a bridge, would you do it?
If she asked you to jump off a bridge, would you do it?
If Tom asked you to jump off a bridge, would you do it?
This information must not fall into enemy hands.
I need to change into my costume.
I didn't want him to see me like that.
I didn't want her to see me like that.
I don't want Tom to see me like that.
Tom killed his brother with their father's gun.
Don't you have a bike?
Something is not right with Tom.
Something is not right with Mary.
Something is obviously not right with Mary.
Tom walked across the dance floor.
A penumbral lunar eclipse can be hard to see.
Don't worry too much about it.
Something is obviously not right with Tom.
Something's obviously wrong here.
Something needs to be done about this right away.
Something seems to be missing.
We need to do something about this right away.
We need to fix this problem right away.
We need to fix this problem now.
I know something is wrong, but I'm not quite sure what.
I thought something was going to happen, but nothing did.
I figured something like this was going to happen.
I knew something like this was going to happen.
I thought something like this might happen.
I didn't realize my wallet was missing until I got home.
The moment I walked into the room, I knew something was wrong.
I saw something weird on my way to work.
Something strange is happening over there.
Something funny happened to me on my way home.
Tom looked after my dog.
We're going to have a nice party.
Who knows where Tom is?
We're going to have trouble here.
Tom, this is my cousin.
We're going to keep working hard.
Tom, come here quickly!
We're going to make it come true.
Tom's boss is Canadian.
We're going to make sure of that.
I own a house in Boston, but Chicago is my home.
The late Luther Vandross is well-known for his recording of the song "A House Is Not A Home."
Can I have a one-day ticket?
Could you call a doctor?
Could you put this luggage on a shelf?
How about the food i ordered?
What was the announcement just now?
Did you forget to practice?
Did you close the door to your bedroom?
It gets tricky.
Did you close your bedroom door?
He drinks coffee.
She drinks coffee.
We like coffee.
I've got something you've got to see.
Tom entered my house.
Tom went in my house.
You are weak.
Everyone was excited for Halloween.
Tom and Mary went trick-or-treating with their friends.
My grandmother cooked a big turkey.
That doesn't sound very exciting.
Halloween is finally here!
I love Halloween.
I need to go to the gym.
Halloween is just a few days away.
Christmas is just a few days away.
Boston is like my second home.
Germany is like my second home.
We have a few classes together.
Santa Claus' sleigh is pulled by flying reindeer.
Reindeer have been herded for centuries by the Sami and the Nenets.
Ignoring the fact that the conditions were slightly different, the results of our experiment were identical with Robinson's.
Reindeer are herbivores and ruminants.
Most reindeer live in the Arctic tundra.
Caribou can see ultraviolet light. This ability is crucial to their survival in a harsh Arctic environment.
Wolves hunt reindeer.
Wolves are formidable predators.
Caribou can spot wolves using their ultraviolet vision.
Snow reflects ultraviolet light.
Humans can't see ultraviolet light.
Caribou migrate up to km each year.
Caribou eat almost only lichen during the winter.
Reindeer are friendly animals.
Arctic ground squirrels hibernate during the winter.
Reindeer can be trained to pull sleds.
Have you read The Great Gatsby?
All my friends will be there.
This is something I'm very proud of.
This old house is haunted.
Tom drank a protein shake.
This product was made in China.
This theory is very controversial.
Those two pieces fit together.
These two pieces don't fit together.
Tom likes solving math puzzles.
Puzzles are fun!
Puzzles are fun.
I love solving puzzles.
Tom tried to force the puzzle pieces to fit together.
Get on your bike.
Should I tell?
One of the two has to leave.
Either of the two has to leave.
Either of the two must leave.
One of the two must leave.
I woke up thirsty.
My mother cooked a big turkey for Thanksgiving.
I played along.
I pretended to play along.
His wife is a friend of mine.
Papiamento is an official language in Aruba.
If I had money, I would buy tickets for the concert.
The blueberry pie was delicious; there was none left at the end of the evening.
You knew all along that I can't do it.
We went whitewater rafting over the weekend.
My phone's screen has a broken pixel.
The Anglo-Saxons displaced the Celts.
I love Celtic music.
The Anglo-Saxons overran the Celts.
With my limited English proficiency, I'm not able to translate this adequately. So I hope someone will agree to translate this.
Tom drove all night from Boston.
Iran doesn't have nuclear weapons.
Tom's parents ordered their son's tomb to be opened.
Mary's daughter ordered her mother's tomb to be opened.
The king ordered that the town should be fortified as well as possible.
Alexander ordered the tomb of Cyrus to be opened.
I can't believe I believed him.
Tom is just blowing smoke up your ass.
I can't believe I believed Tom.
Is there a situation in which one works but not the other?
It is impossible to distinguish one from the other.
In order to know one, you have to be one.
We are picking flowers.
If i die today, I will be dead tomorrow.
Tom wasn't hurt at all.
We're going to need both of them.
Tom wasn't busy at all.
We're going to rebuild this city.
Tom wants to be a hero.
We're just here to play baseball.
Tom traveled to Boston.
We're moving to Boston in a year.
Tom sure screams a lot.
We're not doing anything, are we?
Turkish is about to become the second most used language in Tatoeba, surpassed only by English.
Tom stopped doing that.
We're not sure on how it started.
Tom stole a police car.
We're not the only ones doing it.
Tom showed us his home.
We're prepared to take that risk.
Tom should buy a house.
We're running out of fresh water.
Tom said he liked snow.
We're so ready for something new.
I'm gay, so what?
Are you paying together or separately?
Tom gave me a big bear hug.
I go to the cinema once a week.
Turkish is a very regular and logical language.
Once upon a time, there was a bad man.
Where bees are, honey is not far.
Tom fears neither God nor the devil.
When you have few goals, you get older.
You get older when you don't have many aims.
I will not talk about the failure of my project.
Turkish is an agglutinating language.
It really doesn't matter to me where the water flows, as long as it is not in my wine.
I asked you for an explanation, but the one you gave me is unsatisfactory.
You washed yourself.
She resolved to stop smoking.
My neighbour is annoyed with me because he could not convince me to buy his old car from him.
Tom fought his way through the flames and rescued the child from the burning house.
Tom regrets doing that.
We're still skeptical about this.
We're trying to keep it straight.
Tom often goes fishing.
We're trying to make that happen.
Tom met Mary at school.
We're wasting a lot of time here.
Tom may use my bicycle.
We've agreed to do that together.
Tom might use my bicycle.
Tom has permission to use my bicycle.
I've given Tom permission to use my bicycle.
There's a possibility that Tom will use my bicycle.
I wonder whose footprints these are.
Who left these muddy footprints on the front porch?
I saw three sets of footprints in the snow from the road up to my front door.
Even I had called out to him however you requested as well.
Pumpkins stored away after harvest for a while become ripe and good to eat.
Tom made this for Mary.
We've been doing it the hard way.
Tom likes taking walks.
We've been lied to so many times.
Tom knows who did that.
We've both been very, very lucky.
Tom knows all about it.
We've come a long way since then.
You can depend on Tom.
We've done some very good things.
It is the first time I have seen such a gorgeous room.
For me, that is not a problem.
That was completely changed.
You sent gifts from your country.
He has many children.
I can no longer remember the last time I met with my mother.
The child caught a cold.
The door closes automatically.
Daylight savings is over today.
"Can you move over a bit?" "Yeah, sorry, I didn't realize I took up that much space."
I come from Shikoku.
She definitely took the wrong bus.
I am Siberian.
Do you have a bird?
Is there a car that seats twenty-five?
I feel like I have been here before.
I got to know her in France.
I was serious when I said I love you.
She married a wealthy old man.
I plan to go to America next year.
He finished the steak, then ordered another portion.
Why is there no world peace?
I will not abandon you.
Let us suppose she is here.
If you can come, I will be very happy.
Children like drinking fruit juice.
I drink fruit juice.
My mother and I are completely different.
Please wake me up at 7.
Drink a cup of water.
What did I hear?
I cannot do this.
A lot of people climb the railing, and even litter.
I always knew I was born to do this work.
Do not yell into my ear.
You should speak with Tom.
That is a beautiful place.
We do what we want to do.
He likes to read the Chinese book his father wrote in America.
That person writing the letter in the classroom is my friend.
You know everything, right?
He hurried out the door, and accidentally forgot the key at home.
Is he graduating this year?
I am going to buy some things.
What do you want to buy for him?
Tomorrow night, they will all go to Beijing University to attend class.
Bring your student ID card.
Then, what if it's not?
Do not eat anything before you go to bed.
Maria is the blonde one.
This is a good movie.
Can I ask you some questions?
We do not have time to finish our report.
That place is very cold.
I am so thirsty, probably because I ate pizza yesterday night.
People's emotional lives are becoming more and more unstable.
My grandmother lost her memory.
Let me be nervous about this.
Please arrive a bit later next time.
I like to drink pumpkin soup.
Then, we will go clothes shopping after five o'clock, alright?
Why are you suing Tom?
We've got a little time to relax.
Tom's dream came true.
We've got a lot of friends there.
Tom wished to be rich.
We've got to do better than that.
Tom wants to see that.
We've gotten a lot of stuff done.
Tom sure drinks a lot.
We've had no problems whatsoever.
You work at nine o'clock.
Yesterday was what day of the week?
I am at home at five o'clock.
I do not believe that she can speak Hebrew.
This car can go thirteen kilometers for every liter of gasoline.
I have a son and a daughter. My son lives in New York, and my daughter lives in London.
Tom stole my umbrella.
We've had some changes this year.
Tom said he should go.
We've known this for a long time.
Tom remains confident.
We've made a drastic improvement.
Tom reads a good deal.
We've made far too many mistakes.
Tom loves his parents.
We've made way too many mistakes.
That's making me nervous.
His skin lesions are caused by leprosy.
My car gets about kilometers per liter.
Necromancers can resurrect the dead.
My car gets about miles per gallon.
His inconsistent performance at competitions is why he was cut from the team.
Tom likes to watch TV.
We've worked really hard on this.
You need to call Tom.
Who did you go to the dance with?
We paid Tom too much.
We don't have much in the kitchen.
Tom's cat is missing.
We have a lot to offer each other.
Tom wrote the script.
We have a nice group of kids here.
Tom was an architect.
We have lots of catching up to do.
Tom tried to stab me.
We have our own problems to solve.
Tom sure talks a lot.
We have so many things left to do.
Tom slept until noon.
We have to come to some agreement.
Tom said he loved me.
We have to continue to do our jobs.
He studies Chinese too.
He learns Chinese too.
She studies Chinese too.
She learns Chinese too.
He also learns Chinese.
He also studies Chinese.
If you pass the exam, how about we go to the bar to drink beer?
Whether you pass the Chinese exam or not, let's go to the bar to drink beer.
Calm down, and listen to me speak from the beginning.
Her voice is very pretty.
Don't say anymore!
School starts next week.
Either look like what you are, or become what you look like.
I am in Beijing right now.
Where are you? I am in the garden.
Let's drink coffee while we talk.
He is just that kind of person, don't mind him.
Take whatever you like.
He is very good at math.
Is she still not sleeping?
His English is improving very quickly.
I don't know if today is Tuesday or Wednesday.
The two of us are students.
They don't want to grow old.
I memorized his name and address.
No one is caring for this patient.
I am still reading.
At the city center, there are many tall buildings.
I don't know where you want to go.
They did not see anything.
I consider him my friend.
Today is the fifth.
This is like rearranging the deckchairs on the Titanic.
I haven't done this for years.
Life is for living.
The Chicago Cubs have won the World Series for the first time since 1908.
The Chicago Cubs are a professional baseball team based in Chicago, Illinois.
Fenway Park is home to the Boston Red Sox.
Congratulations to the Cubs.
Donald Trump is on the verge of being elected President of the United States.
Come on now, stop whimpering all the time, let's go somewhere for a change of mood.
I miss having you around.
I'm going to miss having you around the house.
Are you alive in there?
What did you and Tom do after dinner?
Keep going in that direction.
I baked him cookies.
Chill out, Tom.
Tom is a robot.
Tom is listening to a TED talk.
We need to leave right now.
What is the probability that at least two students have the same birthday?
How likely is it that two people have the same birthday?
No one is looking after this patient.
You start working at nine.
What day was yesterday?
How do you think these poems are?
What do you think about these poems?
He likes reading the Chinese book his father wrote in America.
I was serious when I said I loved you.
Do you study?
I do not believe that you can speak Hebrew.
I do not believe that he can speak Hebrew.
I don't believe that you can speak Hebrew.
I don't believe that he can speak Hebrew.
I don't believe that she can speak Hebrew.
Whatever could it have been?
The brick wall collapsed on itself
Just swim.
Tom has a limp.
We'll swim.
I knew Tom.
I'll swim.
Tom didn't swim.
Did you swim?
Hi, I'm Tom.
Don't swim.
Tom had no sons.
The rebellion was suppressed.
That's a bad sign.
I'm repeating it to you so you'll remember.
As winter approaches, the days get shorter and shorter.
You're a real pain.
We're sorry to say that this house has been sold.
The moon was full yesterday.
The moon was full last night.
There was a full moon last night.
When is the next full moon?
How many full moons are there in a year?
The cup of coffee is full to the brim.
We can swim.
Let Tom swim.
I don't swim.
Tom inspired me.
Will you swim?
Tell Tom that.
Let me swim.
Tom is kneeling.
We both swim.
Go to bed, Tom.
Tom successfully convinced many people that he possessed paranormal powers.
We spent two unforgettable weeks in Cusco.
Does he really want that?
Does he really want it?
My God! What is that?
The neighbour's dog constantly barks.
I have a tattoo on my left shoulder.
The neighbor's dog is always barking.
Is this sold by the kilo, by the package or individually?
Is this the kilo, the package or the unit price?
"Let's go to Tim's for muffins and hot cocoa." "Why should we? Mom's been baking goodies all day, and you know she gets a kick out of people enjoying her cooking." "That's true." "And I'm sure she could use a rest, to put her feet up while you or I make hot cocoa for us all. I think this place is better.”
"I've been studying this week’s lesson for hours, but I'm not sure if I know this or not." "Suppose I show you the flash cards. That way we can see if you’ve mastered your vocabulary."
I'm looking for a well-trafficked place, somewhere that draws big crowds. What would you say is the best place to do business in this area?
What’s the average rental for a shop here?
How much could I buy this house for?
How much would it be to rent this house?
For my new house I'll need a building lot roughly meters by 35. If I found land for sale here, what should I expect to pay for a lot like that? What's the average price per square meter?
I never swim.
Tom berated Mary.
Do you swim often?
I yelled at Tom.
Let's not swim.
Tom is very slow.
We don't swim.
Give that to Tom.
I still swim.
Tom doesn't shave.
Do you mind waiting?
I do forgive Tom.
Give me the pen.
Tom believed in me.
We never swim.
Just call me Tom.
I swim a lot.
Tom can trust Mary.
Can't you swim at all?
Just look at Tom.
It's really hot.
Tom can't be right.
We won't swim.
Give those to Tom.
I won't swim.
Tom didn't help us.
Why do you want a dog?
I can't blame Tom.
They can't swim.
Tom enjoys fishing.
Tom didn't know that I couldn't do what he was asking me to do.
Why did you ask Tom to do that when you knew he couldn't do it?
Can we swim here?
Where is Tom from?
I didn't swim.
Tom has sharp eyes.
Did you like that book?
Don't speak to Tom.
They won't swim.
Tom hated the idea.
We can't swim here.
Give Tom the money.
I need to swim.
Tom is a lucky man.
Do you ever go swimming?
Have you fired Tom?
Where is an ATM?
Tom is a quiet boy.
I'll buy what we need.
I did write to Tom.
I'd better run.
Do you like to watch TV?
I felt bad for Tom.
Everyone knows it.
Tom is at home now.
We should go swimming.
I hear Tom is sick.
I need a ladder.
Tom is quite wrong.
What do you do for work?
I hope Tom has fun.
I can't be doing with that.
I can't be doing with this sort of nonsense.
It's getting a little bit ridiculous that day after day I'm busting my ass so that you'll learn something. Now, for once, I'll do something for my own education.
My heart was broken.
I was born in Brazil.
