I excused myself.
I'll be back on Monday.
I came here alone.
I was a bit woozy.
Tom can answer that.
I suggest that we go to that new Chinese restaurant on Park Street.
I face a dilemma.
I may be a bit crazy.
I came home early.
I was a boy scout.
I stole Tom's candy.
I didn't really want to leave the party early, but something came up.
I felt fantastic.
I'm not lonely anymore.
I can barely read.
I was alone there.
I knew Tom was busy.
I felt reassured.
I've been lying to you.
I can barely swim.
I was at the game.
I blocked Tom's way.
I finished third.
I've been really lucky.
I can't buy a car.
I was blindfolded.
Tom is being vague.
I get stuff done.
I've been very foolish.
I can't drive yet.
I was celebrating.
Tom has been hired.
I got distracted.
I should've left sooner.
I can't just quit.
I was cooperative.
I'm in Tom's class.
I got here early.
I think I'm a good boss.
I can't leave yet.
I was disobedient.
I tried to hit Tom.
I got suspicious.
I think I'm quite brave.
I can't stay long.
I was heartbroken.
I told Tom to wait.
I got up quickly.
I would hate to do that.
I can't tie a tie.
I was in no hurry.
I showed it to Tom.
I got you a gift.
I'm usually quite frank.
I can't write yet.
I was in the army.
I made tea for Tom.
I had work to do.
I had to pay a $fine.
I chose to resign.
I was intoxicated.
I made Tom do that.
I hate everybody.
I love playing the banjo.
I closed the book.
I was on that bus.
I like Tom's jokes.
I hated the idea.
I should've come earlier.
I closed the door.
I was pretty late.
I left without Tom.
I inhaled deeply.
I should've left earlier.
I could be insane.
I was quite happy.
I helped Tom a lot.
I injured myself.
I think I'm a good coach.
I crushed the box.
I was quite wrong.
I gave that to Tom.
I just walked in.
I think I'm good at golf.
I crushed the can.
I was really busy.
I gave Tom the key.
I kept the money.
I won't live much longer.
I dealt the cards.
I was really fast.
I disappointed Tom.
I know the risks.
I won't wait much longer.
I decided to wait.
I was really sick.
I didn't blame Tom.
I led the attack.
I'm working late tonight.
I did a cartwheel.
I was the pitcher.
I did that for Tom.
I left the house.
I've written three books.
I did it for free.
I was unimpressed.
I complimented Tom.
I lifted the box.
I already knew about this.
I did it your way.
I wasn't arrested.
I called Tom a pig.
I lifted the lid.
I made a sandwich for you.
I did pretty well.
I wasn't bluffing.
I called Tom a cab.
I like brunettes.
I probably drink too much.
I did really well.
I wasn't deceived.
I baked Tom a cake.
I like hot curry.
I probably worry too much.
I didn't complain.
I wasn't punished.
I asked to see Tom.
I like spaghetti.
I should be ready by 2:30.
I didn't eat much.
I wasn't so lucky.
Tom has won again.
I like the ocean.
I think I'm a good singer.
I didn't get hurt.
I wasn't that bad.
Tom has recovered.
I live on a boat.
I think I'm a safe driver.
I didn't go alone.
I watched closely.
Tom has left town.
I love going out.
I took everything with me.
I didn't hesitate.
I went downstairs.
Tom has left home.
I loved teaching.
I'm not the one in charge.
I didn't want one.
I went home alone.
Tom designed this.
I made it happen.
I'm one of your employees.
I drank some beer.
I went home angry.
I'm just like Tom.
I make furniture.
I'm the youngest one here.
I drank some milk.
I went home early.
I was helping Tom.
I manage a hotel.
I wasn't healthy back then.
I dropped the cup.
I went out to eat.
I told Tom a joke.
I must find work.
I got out of jail yesterday.
I drove to school.
I woke up at 6:30.
I made Tom eat it.
I need furniture.
I had to go there by myself.
I failed horribly.
I won the contest.
I helped Tom, too.
I need to resign.
I want to take this with me.
I failed the test.
I won three races.
I gave Tom a wink.
I need to retire.
I want you to eat something.
I felt frustrated.
I won't be missed.
I gave Tom a book.
I need treatment.
I think I'm not a good coach.
I felt humiliated.
I won't come back.
I found Tom a job.
I needed surgery.
I like to do things like that.
I felt invincible.
I won't need that.
I didn't help Tom.
I now wear a wig.
I may not be busy next Monday.
I felt persecuted.
I won't need this.
I can't trick Tom.
I plan to return.
I should be angry, but I'm not.
I felt very tired.
I wore a hard hat.
I believed in Tom.
I plan to fight.
I was still there at that time.
I felt vulnerable.
I worked overtime.
Tom wears a ring.
I play the drums.
I'm not usually this talkative.
I fixed the fence.
I would hate that.
Tom shot his gun.
I pleaded guilty.
I wasn't popular in high school.
I found your keys.
I would love that.
Tom looks fierce.
I remain puzzled.
I think I've done enough already.
I get things done.
I wouldn't say no.
Tom has finished.
I ride a scooter.
I'm in Australia for a few weeks.
I got a promotion.
I'm a bit worried.
Tom cuts my hair.
I sang at church.
I'm the one who stole your money.
I got another dog.
I'm a fast driver.
Tom baked a cake.
I screamed again.
I was a carpenter for three years.
I got embarrassed.
I'm a fussy eater.
I've lied to Tom.
I didn't have enough time to do everything that needed to be done.
I should shut up.
Some people say I'm unpredictable.
I got in the boat.
I'm a slow walker.
I'm avoiding Tom.
I sing at church.
They say I stole someone's camera.
I got in the taxi.
I'm a wealthy man.
I'll forgive Tom.
I sleep on a cot.
I drove as fast as I legally could.
I got off the bus.
I'm having dinner.
I still hate Tom.
I spoke up first.
I helped myself to a piece of cake.
I got really sick.
I'm legally blind.
I look after Tom.
I staggered home.
I refuse to say anything about that.
I got sidetracked.
I'm not in Boston.
Tom lost an arm.
I started to run.
I ride a bicycle to school every day.
I got the day off.
I'm not in charge.
Tom was unhurt.
I stole the ring.
I was a bartender when I was younger.
I got the message.
I'm not that dumb.
Tom was heroic.
I swim very fast.
I have to admit that I'm a bit stingy.
I grabbed a chair.
I'm not there yet.
Tom told me no.
I'm definitely the person who should be doing this instead of Tom.
I swim very well.
I haven't yet been paid for doing that.
I grew a mustache.
I'm not too happy.
Tom got mugged.
I talk very fast.
I still don't think that's a good idea.
I had a lot to do.
I'm not too smart.
Tom can see us.
I threw the dice.
I was sound asleep when the fire started.
I'm now in prison.
Tom was nosey.
I tried it again.
I sat under a tree and read the newspaper.
I had no idea why.
I'm watching golf.
Tom misled us.
I noticed something on the floor and bent down to see what it was.
I tried to do it.
I admit that I'm the one who stole the money.
I had to say that.
I'm wearing a hat.
Tom logged in.
I trusted nobody.
I tried one of the coats on, but it didn't fit.
I have Monday off.
I used a fake ID.
I wanted to talk to you about something important.
I have confidence.
I actually laughed.
Tom is nosey.
Tom is nosy.
I want a bicycle.
I have nothing on.
I almost got fired.
Tom rested.
I want a new hat.
I have short legs.
I asked for a beer.
Tom has it.
I want to escape.
I have three cows.
I became depressed.
I like basketball.
I'm a businessman.
I'm a hairdresser.
I'm badly wounded.
I'm getting angry.
I'm getting antsy.
I'm getting drunk.
I'm getting ready.
I'm in the garden.
I'm pretty scared.
I'm really strong.
I'm still working.
I'm taking charge.
I'm the strongest.
I'm very stubborn.
I've been stabbed.
I've just arrived.
I didn't get upset.
I didn't stay long.
I greeted everyone.
I left immediately.
I didn't answer Tom.
I won't talk to Tom.
I reluctantly did that.
Tom said I seemed depressed.
Tom said I seemed distracted.
I wouldn't help Tom if I were you.
I was almost asleep when the phone rang.
Tom found an ancient map.
I drove a car to the beach today.
The monks discovered an ancient manuscript.
The museologist found an ancient map in the museum archives.
Tom spread out the map on the table.
All agree.
Mary did not come home last night.
Tom's cat has got nine kids.
Elephant tusks consist of ivory.
Why did you not come home last night?
Will I see you tonight?
I thanked Tom.
I need some food.
I'll be in later.
I refuse to leave.
I'm a dog trainer.
I ended up in jail.
I fed the chickens.
I fumbled the ball.
I got really angry.
I had another beer.
I left after lunch.
I peeled the apple.
I played the piano.
I refused to leave.
I relaxed a little.
I sat down to wait.
I screamed in pain.
I should leave now.
I shouted for help.
I skimmed the list.
I sliced the apple.
I'm still pretty mad.
I'm still quite busy.
I tried on the hat.
I tried the hat on.
I turned on a lamp.
I turned the TV on.
I turned up the TV.
I unfolded the map.
I used to eat meat.
I want Tom to wait.
I was badly beaten.
I was here all day.
I was very relaxed.
I was very thirsty.
I was very worried.
I wasn't gone long.
I wasn't very busy.
I watched the news.
I went back inside.
I went to the park.
I won the election.
I sliced the onions.
I tricked Tom again.
I'm not likely to win.
I told Tom not to call.
I told Tom not to wait.
I can fix almost anything.
I took another sip of wine.
Tom says I'm not a nice guy.
I wouldn't give up if I were you.
I'm still not sure how to do this.
I ate the sandwich Tom made for me.
I'm still not sure what I should do.
Tom said he thought I was wearing a wig.
No harm done.
Can you not speak English?
One second, I will just get my pen and paper.
I'm saving my money so that one day I can have a trip around the world.
He overslept so often that he eventually got fired.
I'm proud of my body and you should be proud of yours too.
I think we have bought everything we need.
I heard my body is a topic of conversation so I wanted to say, I'm proud of my body and you should be proud of yours too. No matter who you are or what you do.
I think that we have bought everything we need.
Tom is a good hockey player.
He is very skilled at drawing.
He burned the buns.
He fell to temptation.
Slow down and start from the beginning.
He got the highest grade in the exam.
I drive to school.
I know the system.
I'm a law student.
I'm a lazy person.
I'm a limo driver.
I'm extremely shy.
I'm half your age.
I'm on sick leave.
I'm still puzzled.
I'm willing to go.
I became desperate.
I bounced the ball.
I can survive this.
I climbed into bed.
I climbed the tree.
I closed the trunk.
I drank some juice.
I drank some water.
I endured the pain.
I fell back asleep.
I felt lightheaded.
I got into the cab.
I jumped overboard.
I loved your ideas.
I may be back soon.
I'm not saying why.
I'm not so certain.
I'm not that crazy.
I'm not that young.
I called Tom a taxi.
I cooked Tom dinner.
I hate that picture.
I have a law degree.
I have a long beard.
I know Tom's family.
I'm not helping Tom.
You look busy today.
You look really sad.
You look very bored.
You look very tense.
You look very upset.
I'm not your patient.
You looked terrified.
You looked very busy.
I'm still just a child.
I could've been injured.
I brought everyone gifts.
I helped Tom load the truck.
I'm sure I'll regret this.
I'm willing to go with you.
I'm not really all that old.
Tom said I didn't look busy.
We don't have any food left.
I'm willing to help Tom do that.
People always say I'm very friendly.
I'm willing to go to Boston with you.
I could've refused to do that, but I didn't.
I could've been injured, but luckily I wasn't.
I'm probably the laziest person you'll ever meet.
I folded the newspaper and put it into my briefcase.
He is affluent.
Slow down and tell me what happened.
Do you see what I'm getting at?
Sit down and tell me what happened.
I'll contact you.
I defended myself.
I drive very fast.
I just want a job.
I want to go, too.
I'm a bad student.
I'm a disc jockey.
I'm a fast walker.
I'm a gym teacher.
I'm at home today.
I'm at the office.
I'm good at poker.
I'm only thirteen.
I'm quite unlucky.
I'm quite wealthy.
I'm ready to help.
I'm right on time.
I'm still at home.
I'm still at work.
I'm still in town.
I'm taking a walk.
I've quit smoking.
I became very sick.
I boiled some eggs.
I fixed us a snack.
I forgot the rules.
I had to work late.
I just got evicted.
I may not be right.
I may not be wrong.
I spiked the punch.
I still can't read.
I took the day off.
I want Tom to stay.
I was lying to you.
I was very patient.
I won't come today.
I'm a lot like Tom.
I'm not very fussy.
I'm not very lucky.
I'm not very tough.
I'm not very young.
I called Tom a fool.
I called Tom stupid.
I have a broken rib.
I made Tom go there.
I told Tom a secret.
I'm about your size.
You seem optimistic.
You seem unreliable.
I asked Tom to drive.
I knew where Tom was.
I think I look young.
I'm quite unhappy here.
You seem quite selfish.
I hope I've been helpful.
I think I sing quite well.
Tom says I do sloppy work.
Tom says I party too much.
I think I may be going crazy.
I made Tom go there by himself.
I did that pretty well, I think.
I baked three pies this afternoon.
I want a unicycle for my birthday.
I'm sometimes a bit absent-minded.
Tom said he thought I seemed unfriendly.
I stopped by today, but you weren't home.
I can stay with Tom for a couple of weeks.
I wore black pants and a white T-shirt yesterday.
The Concorde was a supersonic aircraft.
The Concorde was capable of reaching supersonic speeds.
The project should be completed in 2018.
I majored in art.
I enjoy gardening.
I live off campus.
I'm a taxi driver.
I'm being foolish.
I'm making a list.
I'm quite healthy.
I'm very cautious.
I'm very discreet.
I'm very flexible.
I'm with somebody.
I came home by bus.
I checked the list.
I closed the doors.
I felt embarrassed.
I felt quite alone.
I flipped the coin.
I got away with it.
I lied to the cops.
I majored in drama.
I majored in music.
I ran up the steps.
I unloaded the car.
I was discontented.
I was enthusiastic.
I was hit by a car.
I worked very hard.
I'm not very happy.
I offered Tom a job.
I showed Tom around.
You seem articulate.
I lied to the police.
You must be Canadian.
I'm a little homesick.
I've fixed everything.
You're being impolite.
You seem very artistic.
I might be leaving soon.
I'm not very happy here.
I apologized to Tom today.
I do thirty pushups a day.
Tom says I'm narrow-minded.
Tom says I'm very gullible.
You're being very impolite.
I might as well go with you.
I won't be at work tomorrow.
I'm sometimes very careless.
Tom says I'm not too bright.
Tom says I'm not very funny.
I used to be able to do that.
I was in the cabin all night.
I drew a picture of a spaceship.
I won't be singing with you tonight.
I'll be chopping wood all afternoon.
I stayed with Tom when I was in Boston.
I just stood there and didn't say anything.
I was pretty tired when I got home from work.
I was still asleep when Tom left this morning.
I had many friends when I was living in Boston.
I went back to bed after I talked to Tom on the phone.
Let's have a look at it.
Maybe it's Fadil.
Fadil likes sausage.
We found Fadil.
Fadil put back his toys in the box.
Fadil tidied his room.
I do study a lot.
I did that myself.
I know many women.
I know the stakes.
I like herbal tea.
I like to do that.
I like word games.
I love spicy food.
I need help badly.
I rarely complain.
I'm a teacher now.
I'm an honest man.
I'm now in Boston.
I'm ready to work.
I'm studying hard.
I'm usually right.
I'm very insecure.
I've changed jobs.
I bought a sweater.
I can't play chess.
I chose the colors.
I did it on Monday.
I didn't help much.
I felt intimidated.
I felt manipulated.
I got here on time.
I helped everybody.
I needed help fast.
I needed more time.
I played the drums.
I played the flute.
I should come, too.
I should know this.
I soon fell asleep.
I wanted more time.
I was badly burned.
I was just nervous.
I was just unlucky.
I was mostly right.
I was partly right.
I was pretty drunk.
I was very puzzled.
I was worried, too.
I won the argument.
I beat Tom at chess.
I have a family now.
I have friends here.
I have many hobbies.
I have nothing left.
I taught Tom French.
I broke three dishes.
I'm Tom's stepfather.
You seem to hate Tom.
You seemed impressed.
You should be afraid.
You're a great coach.
You're really gifted.
I borrowed Tom's bike.
I know a lot of women.
I did it for the money.
I didn't do this alone.
I hardly ever complain.
I scored thirty points.
I've been robbed again.
I asked Tom to help Mary.
I used to be a good boxer.
Tom said I looked very sick.
I thought I was a good coach.
I closed the store early today.
I rarely complain about anything.
Tom said that I looked miserable.
I'm the one who taught Tom French.
I really helped Tom a lot, I think.
I should probably apologize to Tom.
I haven't spoken to Tom about that yet.
I became a teacher when I was thirty.
I could've done it by myself, I think.
I hardly ever complain about anything.
Tom said he thought I seemed impressed.
You hardly ever complain about anything.
I've never heard you complain about anything.
I didn't notice that Tom was sitting by himself.
Tom didn't notice that Mary was sitting by herself.
I might be at home this evening, but I'm not sure yet.
I'd better leave.
I deserve a raise.
I need to do more.
I've been demoted.
I can't just leave.
I can't resign now.
I could be correct.
I could've changed.
I could've drowned.
I could've said no.
I did it all alone.
I gave up too soon.
I got it all wrong.
I put out the fire.
I retired at sixty.
I almost killed Tom.
I can come with Tom.
I can ride with Tom.
I have a broken leg.
I have one of those.
I hid under the bed.
I didn't buy any bread.
People think I'm a little nuts.
I could've told Tom that, but I didn't.
Who else uses them?
The fly is stuck against the window.
Remove everything that has no relevance to the story. If you say in the first chapter that there is a rifle hanging on the wall, in the second or third chapter it absolutely must go off. If it's not going to be fired, it shouldn't be hanging there.
One must never place a loaded rifle on the stage if it isn't going to go off. It's wrong to make promises you don't mean to keep.
If in the first act you have hung a pistol on the wall, then in the following one it should be fired. Otherwise don't put it there.
Perhaps the feelings that we experience when we are in love represent a normal state. Being in love shows a person who he should be.
The unhappy are egotistical, base, unjust, cruel, and even less capable of understanding one another than are idiots. Unhappiness does not unite people, but separates them...
Silence accompanies the most significant expressions of happiness and unhappiness.
Silence accompanies the most significant expressions of happiness and unhappiness: those in love understand one another best when silent, while the most heated and impassioned speech at a graveside touches only outsiders, but seems cold and inconsequential to the widow and children of the deceased.
Each of us is full of too many wheels, screws and valves to permit us to judge one another on a first impression or by two or three external signs.
The sea has neither meaning nor pity.
Life is a vexatious trap; when a thinking man reaches maturity and attains to full consciousness he cannot help feeling that he is in a trap from which there is no escape.
There is nothing more awful, insulting, and depressing than banality.
Death can only be profitable: there's no need to eat, drink, pay taxes, offend people, and since a person lies in a grave for hundreds or thousands of years, if you count it up the profit turns out to be enormous.
By poeticizing love, we imagine in those we love virtues that they often do not possess; this then becomes the source of constant mistakes and constant distress.
All of life and human relations have become so incomprehensibly complex that, when you think about it, it becomes terrifying and your heart stands still.
People who live alone always have something on their minds that they would willingly share.
There are no small number of people in this world who, solitary by nature, always try to go back into their shell like a hermit crab or a snail.
If you really think about it, everything is wonderful in this world, everything except for our thoughts and deeds when we forget about the loftier goals of existence, about our human dignity.
Dear, sweet, unforgettable childhood! Why does this irrevocable time, forever departed, seem brighter, more festive and richer than it actually was?
Watching a woman make Russian pancakes, you might think that she was calling on the spirits or extracting from the batter the philosopher's stone.
There is something beautiful, touching and poetic when one person loves more than the other, and the other is indifferent.
Country acquaintances are charming only in the country and only in the summer. In the city in winter they lose half of their appeal.
One can prove or refute anything at all with words. Soon people will perfect language technology to such an extent that they'll be proving with mathematical precision that twice two is seven.
It is uncomfortable to ask condemned people about their sentences just as it is awkward to ask wealthy people why they need so much money, why they use their wealth so poorly, and why they don't just get rid of it when they recognize that it is the cause of their unhappiness.
Only during hard times do people come to understand how difficult it is to be master of their feelings and thoughts.
It’s even pleasant to be sick when you know that there are people who await your recovery as they might await a holiday.
Exquisite nature, daydreams, and music say one thing, real life another.
Love is a scandal of the personal sort.
Probably nature itself gave man the ability to lie so that in difficult and tense moments he could protect his nest, just as do the vixen and wild duck.
Love, friendship, respect, do not unite people as much as a common hatred for something.
Man will only become better when you make him see what he is like.
Death is terrible, but still more terrible is the feeling that you might live for ever and never die.
People love talking of their diseases, although they are the most uninteresting things in their lives.
How intolerable people are sometimes who are happy and successful in everything.
If you wish women to love you, be original; I know a man who used to wear felt boots summer and winter, and women fell in love with him.
Although you may tell lies, people will believe you, if only you speak with authority.
I observed that after marriage people cease to be curious.
It is easier to ask of the poor than of the rich.
They say: "In the long run truth will triumph;" but it is untrue.
There is no Monday which will not give its place to Tuesday.
My mother and father are the only people on the whole planet whom I will never begrudge a thing. Should I achieve great things, it is the work of their hands; they are splendid people and their absolute love of their children places them above the highest praise. It cloaks all of their shortcomings, shortcomings that may have resulted from a difficult life.
A grimy fly can soil the entire wall and a small, dirty little act can ruin the entire proceedings.
You need to work continually day and night, to read ceaselessly, to study, to exercise your will.... Each hour is precious.
Better to have negative criticism than nothing at all.
When in a serious mood, it seems to me that those people are illogical who feel an aversion toward death. As far as I can see, life consists exclusively of horrors, unpleasantnesses and banalities, now merging, now alternating.
I was so drunk the whole time that I took bottles for girls and girls for bottles.
Writers are as jealous as pigeons.
Happiness does not await us all. One needn't be a prophet to say that there will be more grief and pain than serenity and money. That is why we must hang on to one another.
Hypocrisy is a revolting, psychopathic state.
One must speak about serious things seriously.
Medicine is my lawful wife and literature is my mistress. When I get tired of one I spend the night with the other.
A tree is beautiful, but what's more, it has a right to life; like water, the sun and the stars, it is essential. Life on earth is inconceivable without trees. Forests create climate, climate influences peoples' character, and so on and so forth. There can be neither civilization nor happiness if forests crash down under the axe.
If the climate is harsh and severe, the people are also harsh and severe.
It doesn't matter that your painting is small. Kopecks are also small, but when a lot are put together they make a ruble.
Children are holy and pure. Even those of bandits and crocodiles belong among the angels....
When a person doesn't understand something, he feels internal discord: however he doesn't search for that discord in himself, as he should, but searches outside of himself. Thence a war develops with that which he doesn't understand.
Without a knowledge of languages you feel as if you don't have a passport.
In general, Russia suffers from a frightening poverty in the sphere of facts and a frightening wealth of all types of arguments.
I divide all literary works into two categories: those I like and those I don't like. No other criterion exists for me.
The world is a fine place. The only thing wrong with it is us.
In my opinion it is harmful to place important things in the hands of philanthropy, which in Russia is marked by a chance character. Nor should important matters depend on leftovers, which are never there. I would prefer that the government treasury take care of it.
He who constantly swims in the ocean loves dry land.
Despicable means used to achieve laudable goals render the goals themselves despicable.
The more elevated a culture, the richer its language. The number of words and their combinations depends directly on a sum of conceptions and ideas; without the latter there can be no understandings, no definitions, and, as a result, no reason to enrich a language.
The person who wants nothing, hopes for nothing, and fears nothing can never be an artist.
I abide by a rule concerning reviews: I will never ask, neither in writing nor in person, that a word be put in about my book.... One feels cleaner this way.
When you live on cash, you understand the limits of the world around which you navigate each day. Credit leads into a desert with invisible boundaries.
It's easier to write about Socrates than about a young woman or a cook.
I would love to meet a philosopher like Nietzsche on a train or boat and to talk with him all night. Incidentally, I don't consider his philosophy long-lived. It is not so much persuasive as full of bravura.
It is healthy to engage in sports, they are beautiful and liberal, liberal in the sense that nothing serves quite as well to integrate social classes, etc., than street or public games.
You ask “What is life?” That is the same as asking “What is a carrot?” A carrot is a carrot and we know nothing more.
If I were asked to choose between execution and life in prison I would, of course, choose the latter. It's better to live somehow than not at all.
Capital punishment kills immediately, whereas lifetime imprisonment does so slowly. Which executioner is more humane? The one who kills you in a few minutes, or the one who wrests your life from you in the course of many years?
People should be beautiful in every way—in their faces, in the way they dress, in their thoughts and in their innermost selves.
In countries where there is a mild climate, less effort is expended on the struggle with nature and man is kinder and more gentle.
Russian forests crash down under the axe, billions of trees are dying, the habitations of animals and birds are laid waste, rivers grow shallow and dry up, marvelous landscapes are disappearing forever.... Man is endowed with creativity in order to multiply that which has been given him; he has not created, but destroyed. There are fewer and fewer forests, rivers are drying up, wildlife has become extinct, the climate is ruined, and the earth is becoming ever poorer and uglier.
The world perishes not from bandits and fires, but from hatred, hostility, and all these petty squabbles.
A woman can only become a man's friend in three stages: first, she's an agreeable acquaintance, then a mistress, and only after that a friend.
At the door of every happy person there should be a man with a hammer whose knock would serve as a constant reminder of the existence of unfortunate people.
Money, like vodka, turns a person into an eccentric.
What seems to us serious, significant and important will, in future times, be forgotten or won't seem important at all.
After us they'll fly in hot air balloons, coat styles will change, perhaps they'll discover a sixth sense and cultivate it, but life will remain the same, a hard life full of secrets, but happy.
A thousand years from now man will still be sighing, “Oh! Life is so hard!” and will still, like now, be afraid of death and not want to die.
Dear and most respected bookcase! I welcome your existence, which has for over one hundred years been devoted to the radiant ideals of goodness and justice.
He is no longer a city dweller who has even once in his life caught a ruff or seen how, on clear and cool autumn days, flocks of migrating thrushes drift over a village. Until his death he will be drawn to freedom.
The cherry orchard is now mine!... I bought the estate on which my grandfather and father were slaves, where they were not even permitted in the kitchen.
I don't want to learn the grammar. But, I do want to know the vocabulary.
It's a good idea, Tom.
Tom is a good soccer player.
Esperanto can stop wars.
I worked as a piano tuner for many years.
I don't get paid as much as I'd like.
I tried to stop that from happening.
I accidentally poisoned myself.
I sometimes break the rules.
I don't get paid to do that.
I've helped a lot, I think.
I cooked breakfast for you.
I used to be a coal miner.
I don't work here anymore.
I was here all afternoon.
I didn't need to do that.
I promised Tom I'd wait.
I've decided to leave.
I've changed the plan.
I hid in the basement.
I don't get paid much.
You're very outgoing.
You're looking tired.
You're a good leader.
We laughed about it.
I want to keep this.
I hid in the closet.
I have no neighbors.
I have no free time.
I have no allergies.
I have many enemies.
I'm not a rich man.
I was really tired.
I unplugged the TV.
I started to worry.
I started swearing.
I sat on the floor.
I said that was OK.
I opened the trunk.
I opened the doors.
I objected to that.
I kept it a secret.
I hid in the attic.
I heard some shots.
I had it all wrong.
I had a break down.
I got very excited.
I got the job done.
I fooled everybody.
I didn't need that.
I cooked breakfast.
I cleaned the fish.
I caught the thief.
I can't read music.
I've had a stroke.
I'm very outgoing.
I'm ready to lead.
I'm only a junior.
I'm in prison now.
I work at Harvard.
I still work here.
I still need work.
I need some space.
I love challenges.
I'm a bit scared.
I don't get paid.
I chased the thief, but I wasn't able to catch him.
I found my bicycle parked behind the school.
I roomed with Tom while I was in college.
I was an architect before you were born.
Some people say that I dance very well.
I can't tell jokes as well as Tom does.
I was a park ranger for several years.
I collected stamps when I was a kid.
I dropped the vase and it broke.
Tom said I looked very happy.
I built a bookcase for Tom.
I cut classes again today.
I'll make a copy for you.
I don't eat beef anymore.
I bought Tom a tricycle.
I went there by myself.
I bought myself a kite.
You're hard to please.
You have a nice voice.
I've found a good job.
I'm not able to skate.
I went in Tom's place.
You're getting older.
I threw Tom an apple.
You sure talk a lot.
You need to go away.
I'm not cold at all.
I'm not at home now.
I'm bigger than Tom.
I was a bad student.
I tried to trip Tom.
I tried to stab Tom.
I screamed for help.
I ran into the room.
I'm wiser than Tom.
I'm very dexterous.
I'm off duty today.
I'm not a Canadian.
I won't get scared.
I wasn't even hurt.
I wanted some food.
I walk very slowly.
I took a shortcut.
I stood up to sing.
I slept until noon.
I slept in the car.
I refused to do so.
I opened the cages.
I noticed a change.
I need a dry towel.
I licked the spoon.
I know some French.
I headed back home.
I got back at 2:30.
I dropped the vase.
I bought some rice.
I'm ready for you.
I'm on duty today.
I'm good at chess.
I'm going to sing.
I'm getting older.
I'm first in line.
I'm a bit jealous.
I want a new coat.
I roomed with Tom.
I like eating out.
I like adventures.
I'll arrive soon.
I rarely do that.
I don't eat beef.
I went to the beach last weekend with Tom.
I burned all the letters that Tom sent me.
I'm not as gullible as you think I am.
I went to the beach last weekend.
You're being sarcastic, I hope.
I thought it was OK to do that.
I caught a couple of big fish.
I ate three hotdogs for lunch.
I've decided to study French.
I talked Tom into doing that.
I asked the boss for a raise.
I've decided to go with you.
Why are you wearing a mask?
I forgot to tip the waiter.
I don't like jazz so much.
You're quite a talker.
You're a handsome man.
You sounded surprised.
You seem quite upset.
I have time to spare.
I have good reflexes.
I have a poor memory.
I have a pierced ear.
I have a good memory.
I went to the beach.
I was third in line.
I was in the shower.
I was disillusioned.
I untied the ribbon.
I unlocked the safe.
I turned off the TV.
I ran up the stairs.
I plugged in the TV.
I needed assistance.
I had no money left.
I had a hectic week.
I got off the plane.
I got into the boat.
I gave a short talk.
I felt like dancing.
I didn't have lunch.
I cried like a baby.
I asked for a raise.
I'm a party animal.
I'm a good swimmer.
I turned myself in.
I teach Tom French.
I like to have fun.
I had to go myself.
I get tired easily.
I get angry easily.
I collect antiques.
I go to bed early.
I don't like beef.
This is my favorite color.
When you’re accustomed to privilege, equality feels like oppression.
How many coins did you give me?
How much money did you give me?
Tom is playing with his sorting box.
Maria Montessori invented the sorting box after observing that children enjoy fitting objects through receptacles of a similar shape.
Mary climbed on the roof and looked out over the town.
A long flight across the Atlantic Ocean requires several aerial refuels.
Our product is so good, it's a crime!
Why do smart people do stupid things?
Always keep your eyes on the road.
What did you do for your science project?
A diplomatic crisis arose between the two nations.
The conflict quickly escalated from a soccer game to a diplomatic crisis.
The diplomatic crisis with Russia destabilised the government.
The government spent the past five weeks struggling to contain a diplomatic crisis.
The hostage crisis created a diplomatic crisis between the two nations.
The incident triggered a diplomatic crisis between the two nations.
The negotiations are aimed at ending the worst diplomatic crisis between the two countries.
The new year started with an embarrassing diplomatic crisis between the two nations.
The regional organization played a key role in mediating the Ethiopia-Eritrea diplomatic crisis.
The request for more American assistance could foment a diplomatic crisis with China.
Trump may be risking a diplomatic crisis by being so provocative.
Bumpy diplomatic relations haven't halted economic ties between the two nations.
Commercial relations between the two nations had started prior to the establishment of diplomatic relations.
The incident led to deep strains in diplomatic relations with the United States.
The nation established diplomatic relations with India in 1962.
The country has a government of its own and diplomatic relations with more than other nations.
The nation severed diplomatic relations with Jakarta following the invasion.
The two nations agreed to restore diplomatic relations after a break of nearly three decades.
The two nations have had no diplomatic relations for nearly three decades.
The United Kingdom and Iran resumed their diplomatic relations.
The United States does not have official diplomatic relations with Iran.
The Vatican maintains diplomatic relations with most UN member states.
Venezuela broke off diplomatic relations with Israel.
Britain leans to the Atlantic rather than Europe in international relations.
Chomsky tackled problems of international relations later in his career.
He developed an early interest in international relations.
He hoped to pursue a career in international relations.
He planned to seek a master's degree in international relations.
International relations are governed by pragmatism.
In international relations, the Palestinian Authority benefits from a voice of its own.
The nation's international relations remained dominated by border security issues.
Liberalism has a different approach to international relations.
Volatile international relations are keeping oil prices high.
They seem unreliable.
Herzberg am Harz is a small, but charming city. It is situated on the rim of the North German low mountain range Harz.
Dania was fat and ugly.
Apparently, you have all been emasculated by this abusive teacher.
Fuck this teacher with his new rules.
Your teacher has obviously no manners.
He's a self-centered asshole that everybody calls teacher.
Who is being exchanged with whom?
These donuts, the outside breaks apart easily and the insides are light and fluffy, delicious!
Do you like tea with milk or lemon?
I feel very tired tonight.
It is not allowed to smoke in the room.
You stay out of my life and I stay out of yours, OK?
There were so many mad sultans in the Ottoman Empire.
Why are cooks fat?
Why are chefs bald?
Fadıl's return has been bitter.
Jamal and Sarah went, Fadıl and Dania came.
TDK has decided to abolish the use of apostrophe in names of institutions.
Do you prefer reading a book or watching a movie?
Dear Turkish-speaking friends, good morning to you all.
I should discuss it with my father.
Do not fool me.
Maria scratches the head.
I was losing my mind.
Turn your head to the right.
Turn your head to the left.
Which house is new?
Did you go to the club?
I went.
Fate is cruel sometimes.
Love is cruel sometimes.
I'm now.
It just slipped my mind.
I don't watch much TV.
Tom doesn't watch a lot of TV.
The student who most deserves to win this year's literary contest is no other than Tom.
The one who most influenced my life was no other than my late mother Mary.
Don't tell me you've never been in love.
There's a wedding reception in the ballroom.
Regarding your future, I have this to say: Listen to your heart.
I asked my father what he thought of my new girlfriend. He only had this to say: "Dump her."
I don't know what you like.
Whose number is this?
Do not drink from the bottle please.
Something is fallen.
I cannot know everything.
Do not make noise, please.
He took power in a military coup.
Fadil volunteered for cancer walks.
Layla was a registered nurse working for a renowned cancer center.
What's that you have?
Why would Fadil do that?
Thank you so much for coming with me today.
Fadil lost his favorite toy.
Do you want all of us to go to jail?
We met there yesterday.
We got into the car.
This is your choice and I must respect it.
Sami is an observant Muslim.
Every dictatorship needs a strong repressive intelligence service.
You're not bad as a dictator.
You would make a perfect dictator.
I know that you don't like me very much.
Layla is fat and ugly.
I went to the post office.
Mary made some meatballs.
I leave it to you.
It's Valentine's Day.
Even though he was addressing the entire audience, his sarcastic remark was directed at me.
The rose is red, the violet's blue; The honey's sweet, and so are you. Thou are my love and I am thine; I drew thee to my Valentine. The lot was cast and then I drew; And Fortune said it shou'd be you.
Unconscionable Love, bane and tormentor of mankind, parent of strife, fountain of tears, source of a thousand ills.
In dreams and in love there are no impossibilities.
Love: A temporary insanity curable by marriage or by the removal of the patient from the influences under which he incurred the disorder. This disease, like caries and many other ailments, is prevalent only among civilized races living under artificial conditions; barbarous nations breathing pure air and eating simple food enjoy immunity from its ravages. It is sometimes fatal, but more frequently to the physician than to the patient.
Politics is supposed to be the second oldest profession. I have come to realize that it bears a very close resemblance to the first.
Peace is not the absence of conflict, but the ability to cope with conflict by peaceful means.
With the destructive power of today's weapons, keeping the peace is not just a goal; it's a sacred obligation.
I believe with all my heart that our first priority must be world peace, and that use of force is always and only a last resort, when everything else has failed, and then only with regard to our national security.
This was my childhood bedroom.
Tom shared his bedroom with his younger brother.
Every school has a schoolyard bully.
Mary shared her bedroom with her older sister.
Fadil did an awesome job.
I don't need Fadil's help.
I can't leave Fadil like this.
I don't want to lose Fadil all over again.
Tom barricaded himself in his bedroom.
You don't know how much I cried.
Fadil can't imagine what I've been through.
Mary barricaded herself in her room and refused to talk to anyone.
You can't imagine what I've been through.
Let's get you over there.
Mary locked herself in her bedroom.
Tom locked himself in his room and cried.
Of course I saw Fadil.
"Let's hurry." "What's the big deal?"
Fadil found a toy car in his backyard.
Fadil is over there.
That place was huge.
Fadil made it through.
Tom sleeps on a mattress on the floor.
Where are you hiding, guys?
Fadil must be somewhere here.
Tom sleeps all day and is up all night.
How did they get here?
Mary locked herself in her bedroom and cried for nearly an hour.
Why don't you ask Fadil?
Why did Fadil run away?
His friends tried to comfort him.
The cops are here.
Fadil didn't do anything wrong.
This is Fadil's last chance.
Her friends tried to comfort her.
We don't have time for this now.
It really means a lot to me.
Bug off!
It must have been difficult for Fadil.
That's what everyone says at first.
How naive you are.
Fadil is no different.
I'm sorry, but I can't let you go.
Let me go. What's the meaning of this?
I'm driving as fast as I can.
Are they speaking in Croatian, Bosnian, or Serbian?
Many Serbian, Bosnian, and Croatian surnames end in "ić".
Russian, Bulgarian, Serbian, Croatian, and Bosnian are Slavic languages.
Tom was in a very agitated state.
Tom went to a very small high school.
What the hell happened?
What is going to happen to me now?
Madison Square Garden is the home of the New York Knicks.
Tom's dad hugged him and said that he loved him.
Mary's dad hugged her and said that he loved her.
Is this some kind of scam?
Luckily, no one was injured.
Tom and Mary are one of the most famous celebrity couples in the world.
Tom's house has a green roof.
This house has a rainwater collection system.
The staircase is narrow.
Tom was annoyed at being disturbed.
Aww, they look so cute together.
Aww, they are so cute together.
Tom and Mary sat on the building steps and talked.
Mary locked herself in the bathroom and cried for nearly an hour.
When's the last time you cried?
Tom pinched his cheek.
Tom ran to the bathroom and locked himself in.
Tom was curled up on the floor, crying.
Mary locked herself in the bathroom and cried.
Did he cheat on you?
Did she cheat on you?
Tom cried on and off for hours.
Mary locked herself in the bathroom so that no one would see her cry.
Her face was stained with tears.
The day is coming to an end.
İnsanlar neden intihar ederler?
How much more time before dinner?
What's going to happen to me now?
I only read Playboy for the articles.
"What were you thinking?" "I wasn't thinking."
What is Tom up to?
I wouldn't wish it on my worst enemy.
Tom was sentenced to three years in federal prison.
The guards performed a body cavity search.
Strip searches are degrading and dehumanizing.
He enjoyed each moment of vengeance.
Sir, I'm a great fan of yours. Could I have your autograph?
Don't let this interfere with your studies.
Don't let relationships interfere with your studies.
Tom's got everything under control.
Don't let sports interfere with your studies.
Don't let this affect your studies.
What about your studies?
I won't let it get in the way of my studies.
Don't let this get in the way of your studies.
Don't let a boy interfere with your studies.
Don't let that girl interfere with your studies.
Why don't you invite him here?
Why don't you invite her here?
Why don't you invite them here?
Mary took a canvas and paints and walked to the brook.
"You must be Layla." "How did you guess?"
"You're beautiful today." "You're a charmer."
Everybody hates Fadil for his dismissive attitude.
Judge not lest ye be judged.
Think whatever you want. Just don't bother me with your thinking.
I'm so moved.
Fadil appeared to be a typical high school senior.
Layla was a good mom to her child.
Fadil started a non-profit organization to empower teen moms.
Layla was a busy mom.
We were all having a good time.
Layla was attracted to that tough guy.
Fadil wasn't familiar with that new girl.
Layla met a tall attractive young man.
Most girls her age are attracted to bad boys.
Fadil never had a steady job.
Fadil's relationship with Layla continued to blossom.
Fadil involved Layla in some illegal activities.
Layla was willing to do anything Fadil asked in order to be his girlfriend.
Fadil didn't mind that his girl would be with other men.
Layla was being manipulated and she didn't realize it.
Layla was OK with sharing her body with other men.
Fadil wasn't looking for cash.
Fadil couldn't take his eyes off the teenage femme fatale.
Layla dressed sexy.
After a long night of flirting, Fadil and Layla agreed to meet the following day.
Sami was close-by, waiting patiently for Layla to finish talking with her girlfriends.
Fadil was busy texting.
Fadil and Layla texted back and forth.
Fadil and Layla talked about how to handle the situation.
Fadil and Layla had sex in the bathroom.
Fadil's luck was about to run out.
The mugger demanded Sami's cellphone and his car keys.
Little did Fadil know that Layla was just pretending to be the victim.
When Fadil was questioned, he started spinning lies.
Fadil was looking for answers.
Needless to say that Fadil and Layla's first date was also their last.
Fadil saw Layla as an asset.
Fadil got away with the robbery.
Fadil felt more confident because he got away with the robbery.
Fadil felt that his bond with Layla was getting stronger.
Fadil was ready to strike again.
Fadil wanted to get back there to make some more money.
Fadil started to brag about his robberies.
Fadil had lots of expensive things in his house.
Sami set his trap.
Fadil flirted with Layla on the phone.
Sami invited Layla to his house to hang out.
Fadil gave Layla a ride to the dealer's place.
Fadil sent Layla on her way.
Fadil was concerned about how this was going to affect his plan.
Fadil said that he was going to die.
Fadil was planning on killing someone.
Fadil texted Layla that he was planning on robbing a bank.
Fadil and Layla watched movies that night.
Fadil needed to get rid of Layla.
Fadil texted Layla and let her know that the coast was clear.
You're gonna hear two shots. That's gonna be me killing Fadil and Layla.
It was after midnight, and Fadil and Layla were sleeping.
Fadil fired one shot and executed Layla.
One shot and Fadil was dead.
Sami heard some noise but he wasn't quite sure what it was.
Fadil stood over Layla with a gun.
Sami shot and missed.
Fadil fired many shots at Layla. The gun was empty but Layla was still alive.
Fadil called out to Layla but she was nowhere to be found.
Fadil left the house and ran to the car where he hid.
Mennad didn't want to go back to that house.
Fadil followed through with what he said he was going to do.
Fadil had to finish the job.
Fadil knew that he had to hurry.
Fadil grabbed the money and ran for the door.
The robbers dropped whatever he had and ran in different directions.
When he was caught, Fadil tried to talk his way out of trouble.
Fadil knew nothing about nothing.
Fadil was robbed at gunpoint.
Fadil was shot inside his home.
The police had all the evidence they needed.
Fadil tossed the gun in a neighbor's backyard.
Sami and Layla communicated through dozens of long letters.
Fadil was telling Layla what to tell so that her story would match his story.
The evidence sealed Fadil's fate.
Fadil testified at Layla's trial.
Fadil was spared the death penalty but was sentenced to twenty five years in jail with no possibility of parole.
Fadil was facing fifty years of prison but he only received ten.
Fadil's plans were put on hold when he met Layla.
Fadil moved twenty minutes away to another neighborhood of Cairo.
Another ten years flew by.
Layla was a typical mother.
Fadil helped Layla with her homework.
Fadil and Layla both had three kids.
Fadil's friendship with Layla brought new life to his tedious days.
Layla was babysitting kids from time to time.
Layla was barely out of her teens.
Layla got her first child when she was barely out of her teens.
Layla got married when she was barely out of her teens.
Fadil wasn't happy with the way Layla looked.
Simply put, there was no excitement in Layla's life anymore.
Fadil was shocked by what Layla suggested as a solution to his problem.
Fadil reluctantly accepted the drugs.
Fadil couldn't stop thinking about Layla.
When Fadil took the drug, the high was unlike anything that he had ever felt.
Heroin addiction is one of the worst addictions there is.
Fadil had no problem keeping his secrets under wraps.
Fadil introduced Layla directly to her drug dealer.
Fadil was no stranger to law enforcement.
Fadil served time for sexual assault.
There was an instant spark between Fadil and Layla.
With Fadil, Layla finally found the excitement she had been craving.
Sami allowed Layla to come and pick up drugs for free.
Fadil wanted to have a different sort of clientele.
Fadil quickly developed a network of drug dealers.
Layla looked like a normal suburban housewife.
The illusion of Layla as a normal housewife vanished.
Fadil's secret was out.
Either Fadil gives up drugs and works on his marriage or he goes straight to serious trouble.
Fadil came to Layla and told her about the confrontation with his mother.
With his wife out of the picture, Sami had the freedom to explore his relationship with Layla even further.
Fadil felt confident, strong, and handsome.
Fadil and Layla were not able to support their children.
Sami borrowed hundreds of dollars from his mother.
Sami borrowed thousands of dollars from his family.
Fadil did his best to catch up.
Fadil and Layla's relationship was gone.
Fadil tried to help Layla as best he could.
To get drugs, there was nothing Fadil wouldn't do.
Fadil's kids were at school.
There was nothing more important to Layla as her relationship with Fadil.
Fadil arrived around pm.
Fadil exited his vehicle and went inside the abandoned house.
Fadil headed into the house.
Fadil thought he was alone.
Fadil wasn't feeling well.
Fadil continued his hunt for cash.
Fadil went downstairs to confront the intruders.
Fadil didn't know what Layla was talking about.
Fadil shot Layla once in the chest.
Fadil shot Layla in the mouth.
Fadil was hiding and terrified.
Fadil was very afraid of what was happening.
Fadil heard a second shot.
Fadil was stunned by what he saw.
Fadil's plan went horribly wrong.
Fadil was lying there, bleeding.
Fadil knew that police could show up at any second.
Fadil only managed to get a thousand dollars out of the safe.
Fadil picked up a few items and hit the road.
That night, Fadil crashed at a cheap motel.
Fadil contacted the authorities.
Police arrived at the grisly crime scene.
The crime was one of the worst acts of violence I've ever seen in my years of investigative services.
Fadil was the only witness.
The police launched a manhunt.
Fadil went out of town for a while.
Under the hot lights of the interrogation room, Fadil confessed to everything.
Fadil must have felt a tremendous amount of guilt.
Fadil will have to go through life without his beloved girlfriend.
Fadil was sentenced to life in prison without possibility of parole.
Fadil traded one set of problems for another.
Fadil became so caught up with fantasy that he lost touch with reality.
Fadil was raised by a single mother in a chaotic household.
Fadil thought he was in love with Denmark.
I'll love Denmark forever.
Tom had to persistently repeat the question before he was able to obtain the answer.
We'll meet in an hour.
You all know I'm not a criminal.
My friends think Pastafarianism is a joke.
Peppa Pig is four years old, and George is eighteen months old.
What did the President know, and when did he know it?
How far does this go?
We need an independent investigation.
Don't pick unnecessary fights.
Tom practiced in front of the mirror.
Mary practiced her speech in front of the mirror.
Tom is practicing his speech in front of the mirror.
It's not even funny.
I thought people were exaggerating.
Tom was teased a lot in high school.
Mary was teased a lot in middle school.
Tom was very immature.
Tom is stubborn and moody.
Repeating a lie does not make it true.
The United States is more divided now than ever.
America is more divided than ever.
I got teased a lot.
Tom is just a bit player in a much larger game.
Tom held a joint press conference with Mary today.
Tom gave a TED talk.
Bill Gates founded Microsoft.
It doesn't mean you shouldn't do it.
Tom and Mary are both single.
They're both single.
Tom suddenly stopped texting me.
She suddenly stopped texting me.
Don't come any closer. If you do, you'll be sorry.
Tom took the train back to Tokyo.
That's exactly where you're wrong.
Somebody was calling my name.
I was sure I heard something.
Hairy monsters can be found lurking near the emergency exit.
I continued to try swimming in the river.
The toilet is backed up.
Excuse me, where is south river street?
She's going to New York on Sunday.
Then what kind of life brings happiness?
I can only give you ten minutes.
You study at that school?
You are at a safe place.
She is his best girlfriend.
The child pets the cat.
The company medical treatment insurance covered all the medical treatment costs.
Winter is here, spring can't be far?
He is not the teacher.
The artificial satellite orbits the earth.
A huge scandal happened.
Okay, wait outside.
The amount of dissolved oxygen in the world's oceans has declined by more than percent between and 2010.
This street is straight.
Is there a department store on this street?
Tom denied that it had ever happened.
What day is tomorrow?
Tom calls all the news that he disagrees with fake news.
I like zonal constructed languages.
I wonder how many people believe that.
The world would be a much better place if everyone were more like you.
I hate constructed languages.
I love constructed languages.
I love Esperanto.
Esperanto is terrible.
Esperanto is great.
Esperanto is a terrible conlang.
Do you want to see my conlang?
Bigotry is often invisible to those who are not on the receiving end of it.
Do you speak Interlingua?
Do you speak Quechua?
Do you speak Nahuatl?
Do you speak Finnish?
Do you speak Guarani?
Do you speak Portuguese?
Do you speak Danish?
Do you speak Icelandic?
Do you speak Romanian?
Do you speak Serbian?
Do you speak Hindi?
Can you read Cyrillic?
I can't read Cyrillic.
I can't read Greek.
I can read Greek.
I can read Cyrillic.
Do you speak Slovenian?
Do you speak Ukrainian?
Do you speak Indonesian?
Do you speak Romani?
Do you speak Navajo?
Do you speak Farsi?
Do you speak Czech?
Do you speak Slovak?
Do you speak Norwegian?
Do you speak Estonian?
Do you speak Sardinian?
Do you speak Scottish Gaelic?
Do you speak Welsh?
Welsh orthography is such that many Welsh words (such as "ffwrdd" and "gyflwynwyd") appear to speakers of other languages to consist entirely of consonants.
Never think you can fool me. Your ability to lie is of such a nature that I need to pretend that I believe in what you're saying.
Their love of animals is remarkable.
Your love of animals is remarkable.
Her love of animals is remarkable.
I used to collect postcards when I was a child and I would like to start again.
The Wise Old Elf lives in the same tree as Ben in room ninety-eight.
In my opinion, Ben and Holly's Little Kingdom is much more interesting, less annoying, and funnier than Peppa Pig.
I love Ukraine.
Sami was the oldest of all the children born to Rami and Layla Sadiq.
Fadil's parents enrolled him in a prestigious school in Cairo.
Fadil loved writing poems.
Fadil was always into literature.
Layla was always writing about love and the man of her dreams.
Layla's parents enforced a strict no-dating policy on her throughout high school.
Sami was spending quality time with his siblings.
Fadil enrolled in a community college in Philadelphia.
Sami was working for a credit card company.
Fadil's career took off.
Layla was looking for her Prince Charming.
Layla was looking for Mr. Right.
The car fire destroyed any possible evidence.
Fadil realized that Layla had been missing for a lot longer than he thought.
Sami took his keys and cell phone with him.
Fadil wasn't exactly sure where Layla was.
Fadil got many calls on his cellphone.
Fadil agreed to meet with Layla that afternoon.
Nothing happened to Fadil.
Fadil was a man of Egyptian extraction.
Fadil was somebody who showered a lot of attention on Layla.
Fadil was driving.
Fadil completely worshipped the ground that Layla walked on.
Layla's relationship with Fadil was kept under wraps from her family.
Sami didn't know about Layla's relationship with Farid.
Fadil wanted to meet Layla's family but she was hesitant.
That caused a bit of a problem.
After the argument, Layla didn't answer any of Fadil's calls.
Fadil wrote Layla a poem to profess his love.
Fadil called Layla at around pm.
Fadil was excited to share his poem with Layla.
Fadil received Layla's contact information.
Fadil's story matched very precisely with Layla's account of events.
Fadil never showed up.
Fadil was more seriously dating a woman named Layla.
Was Fadil telling the truth or was he hiding something more sinister?
Fadil seemed to be very cooperative with police.
Something seemed amiss.
The mystery only deepened.
Fadil was calling and receiving calls from another number.
Layla had a secret dating life.
It was clear that Fadil and Layla were involved in a whirlwind romance.
Layla was secretly dating not one but two men.
Fadil was in the dark about his daughter's dating life.
Layla started dating because she desperately wanted to find the perfect man.
Fadil traveled to Cairo to see Layla.
You're beautiful. Look at you.
Fadil and Layla stayed together in Cairo for a couple of days.
Fadil and Layla spent a romantic weekend in Cairo.
"Who's Fadil?" "He's nobody." "He's calling and texting you and he's nobody?"
Fadil was calling and texting Layla.
Fadil left the country.
Fadil left the country on August 23.
There was no proof that Fadil was connected to Layla's disappearance.
There is not much more that police can do.
Fadil spotted what appeared to be a body in the river.
Fadil hoped that the body would sink to the bottom.
Fadil's body surfaced under the bridge.
Fadil's body was delivered to the medical examination office but they couldn't positively identify it.
The autopsy yielded little information about the cause of death.
Fadil was cold-hearted killer.
Sami raised some suspicion.
Detectives didn't rule out Sami.
Fadil took the first flight to Cairo.
During the interrogation, Fadil appeared to be ready and willing to answer any question.
Fadil left the country the day after Layla went missing.
Fadil kept Layla informed about his whereabouts.
Fadil didn't have anything to do with Layla's disappearance.
Fadil was brought back in for questioning.
Fadil's statement shed additional light on Layla's disappearance.
Sami convinced Layla to come over.
Detectives continued to dig for information.
This was a clear contradiction.
Fadil was seeing someone else.
Fadil had an emotional breakdown and he couldn't come to the interview.
Fadil was miles away, driving to Cairo on the night Layla went missing. This means there's no way that he could have been the killer.
Fadil made about a dozen phone calls that night.
Fadil placed a phone call at around midnight.
Fadil was never there.
Fadil may not have been working alone.
The party began shortly after midnight.
Layla was Fadil's primary girlfriend.
Fadil and Layla conspired to murder Rami.
Fadil and Layla had been dating on and off for a year.
Fadil was very forthcoming about the details of his relationship with Layla.
Fadil is not that kind of guy.
Fadil took a public bus.
Fadil was running an errand for his mother.
I don't know who Fadil is.
Fadil was responsible for Layla's death.
Fadil emerged as the prime suspect.
The investigation remained open.
Fadil's body was find in a river.
Fadil stayed and worked in Cairo.
Fadil started a new relationship.
Fadil came forward with some shocking information.
Fadil sounded remorseful.
Fadil confessed to the murder to his mother.
A trial date was set.
Fadil's defense team made a surprise move.
Fadil finally got his day in court.
Fadil was raised in a small rural town.
As an infant, Fadil was too weak for such a surgery.
Fadil was exceptionally bright at school.
Fadil enjoyed school.
Sami excelled outside the classroom as well.
Fadil graduated with honors.
Layla obtained a nursing certificate.
After several years of casual dating, Fadil met Layla and married her.
Fadil really wasn't ready to get married.
Fadil showered Layla with an endless stream of affection.
Fadil worked hard to make sure Layla had everything she needed.
Fadil continued to date casually, not really looking for a serious commitment.
Layla really seemed enamored by Fadil from the very beginning.
Fadil and Layla were both single parents.
Fadil and Layla were both very devoted parents.
Fadil understood that.
Fadil understood that all too well.
Fadil understood that very well.
Fadil and Layla's relationship was getting intimate.
Everything was going really great for the two of them.
Fadil must have heard something.
Most people were still up.
Could you tell us what you heard or saw?
Fadil didn't report hearing gunfire.
The police were hard pressed to find witnesses for the crime.
Fadil didn't want to get involved.
Fadil had two gunshot wounds to the chest.
Fadil didn't linger in the area.
Fadil's wallet was still in his pocket.
Fadil made numerous calls on the day he was murdered.
Fadil picked up immediately.
Fadil was found deceased in his apartment.
Fadil was completely devastated when he heard the news.
Fadil and Layla were supposed to meet at the hotel, but he never showed up.
Fadil used another number to call Layla.
How many girlfriends does Fadil have?
Is there anything you can tell me about Fadil?
I know Fadil had a girlfriend.
Sami appeared to be very upset.
I know it may be hard, but we wanna find who killed Fadil.
Fadil recounted his entire day.
What time did Fadil leave the hotel?
Fadil was waiting for Layla in the parking lot.
Fadil and Layla were intimate for about an hour.
Fadil came back later.
Fadil was waiting for Layla to call him.
Fadil got a call from detectives.
Detectives were trying to piece together the puzzle of Fadil's personal life.
Fadil and Layla had been dating for a while.
Fadil and Layla even had plans to move in together.
Fadil might be lying about the extent of his relationship with Layla.
Did you have your phone off?
Fadil drank too much.
Fadil arrived at his house at pm.
"Fadil left." "What time was that?" "At nine o'clock."
Fadil had to leave to motel at o'clock.
Did you hear from Fadil again?
Fadil just went home.
There was no one who could corroborate Sami's alibi.
Fadil was indeed seeing someone else.
Fadil was genuinely surprised.
Fadil found out about Layla's secret dating life.
Many of Fadil's friends were questioned by police.
Layla was seeing other men.
Fadil and Layla quickly left the scene to avoid any sort of altercation.
Layla and Fadil had an intimate rendezvous.
Detectives were watching Fadil's reactions.
Was Fadil really surprised or was he just faking?
Fadil said that he wasn't in a romantic relationship with his ex.
Fadil and Layla had a daughter together in 2004.
Fadil was living with another woman he had been dating for over ten years.
Fadil followed his ex to her home.
Fadil and Layla had a huge argument.
Fadil wanted to kill his ex and kill himself as well.
Fadil wanted to move on.
Fadil's stalking continued.
There was an eye-to-eye confrontation between Fadil and Rami.
Is an object that has had all of its components replaced still the same object?
If all the planks that make up the ship of Theseus were replaced, would it still be the same ship?
Always watch your back.
I'll leave you alone with him.
I'll leave you alone with her now.
They started to get irritated.
They have started to get irritated.
I'll tell him the next time I talk to him.
I'll leave you alone now.
Tom shifted uneasily from side to side.
Through the open door shone the hearth fire, sending out its warm red glow athwart the chilly autumn night.
I see you haven't lost your touch.
Someone stole my rucksack.
Yesterday, I read a book.
I am so glad you came.
I'm so glad you came.
Mary's enamored with somebody else.
Desperate people do desperate things.
The beatings will continue until morale improves.
I became very good at it.
Tom became very good at it.
She became very good at it.
I'll tell Mary the next time I talk to her.
It seemed interesting.
Tom attends maths enrichment classes after school.
Tom photocopied his birth certificate.
Do you have to go to school on Saturdays?
The post has arrived.
There's no post today.
There was no post today.
Of course I'm going to the party.
I feel strong.
Anybody that motivates you to be better is someone who's worth keeping close.
The coffee is great.
I can't read sheet music.
I can read sheet music.
My improvisations are terrible.
I thought this might interest you.
Tom didn't bat an eye.
She didn't bat an eye.
Did he really say that?
The world's first underground railway was the Metropolitan Railway in London. It opened in 1863.
This train is fully automated.
Crossrail is one of Europe's largest infrastructure construction projects.
When people call others "idiots", often what they really mean is, "I don't agree with them."
One's own will overrides any command.
Tom is a data analyst.
Mandarin is the most spoken language in the world.
English is the third most spoken language in the world, after Mandarin and Spanish.
It was built to last.
Worrying robs one's sleep; groaning robs one's beauty.
We need to reinforce the roof.
Steam trains once ran through here.
A self-fulfilling prophecy is a prophecy that causes itself to be true, directly or indirectly.
Happiness is simply good health and a bad conscience.
The woman who killed my sister should be hanged.
"What is that yellow thing?" "This? It's a tomato." "A tomato? Are there such things as yellow tomatoes?"
In the surroundings reigned absolute silence.
Origami is the art of folding paper.
Tom folded the napkin into a crane.
Tom is an origami artist.
Tom folded the piece of paper into a crane.
All you need for origami is a sheet of paper.
It may seem simple, but it's not.
Tom is a geometer.
These mathematicians study the mathematics of origami.
Tom drew a circle in the sand.
Mary drew a large circle in the sand.
Proteins are chains of amino acids that are folded like origami paper.
I'm handsome.
Dark matter is invisible.
Tom wanted to be an artist.
Mary wants to be an artist.
Mary is an artist.
She died by the door, because the house did not receive her.
The following program is intended only for mature audiences.
Show them out.
If something is morally good, it stays that way even if it is not successful.
It would be great if the weather got brighter tomorrow.
I'll be on my way.
Happiness is the only thing that doubles when you split it.
The match was cancelled due to the bad weather.
The team had to forfeit the match due to lack of players.
Sometimes I have premonitory dreams.
I'm a member of an emerging species of nocturnal humans.
A man's reach should exceed his grasp.
Ah, but a man's reach should exceed his grasp, Or what's a heaven for?
Who hears music feels his solitude peopled at once.
Layla was being stalked by a mysterious man.
There was in their relationship a terrifyingly fine line between love and hate.
Fadil lived in a housing development near Cairo.
Sami ran over to Layla's bedroom.
Fadil found the door wide open.
No one could believe the magnitude of the tragedy.
There were hundreds of people outside.
The betrayal cut me to the bone.
Fadil and Layla's problems reached the point of no-return.
It was three days into the new year.
Fadil moved to a housing complex.
The housing complex Fadil lived in was a bed of unrest.
Fadil had blood all over his hands.
Fadil's neighbors called 911.
The victim was identified as 22-year-old Fadil Sadiq.
Fadil may not be the only victim.
Fadil is the one who called the police.
There's possibly a second victim.
There was no sign of Fadil but his car was there.
Fadil was attacked and shot in his apartment.
For Fadil, the burning question was why.
Fadil will continue to hear that all his life.
Fadil was devoted to church and community.
Fadil sang and danced.
Fadil was very alive at the party.
Fadil's anchor was his aunt Layla.
Sami maintained a visible profile in his neighborhood.
Sami was just always loving to his kids.
Fadil had so many guests.
Fadil also took care of his grandmother.
Fadil dedicated himself to street kids.
Layla envied Sofia so much as a teenager.
Fadil really fell for this girl.
Fadil was more experienced than Rami at the time.
Fadil will like this place.
Fadil and Layla chose to spend their time together as boyfriend and girlfriend.
Fadil, too, became part of Layla's family.
Fadil got a job working as a counselor.
Fadil is staying for dinner tonight, OK?
Fadil allowed Rami to live there.
Fadil and Layla's relationship seemed like a storybook romance.
The news of Layla's pregnancy was met with mixed reactions.
What am I gonna do now?
Fadil was ready to settle down with Layla.
After high school, Fadil and Layla thought it was the right time to strike out on their own.
Fadil decided that he wanted to raise his family in a different environment than Cairo, so they moved to Alexandria.
Fadil wanted to be more independent.
Fadil wasn't afraid of grown-up responsibilities.
There was a storm that was gathering on the horizon.
That was the start of a new year.
Police encountered a scene of unspeakable carnage.
Fadil had been shot multiple times including in the head and the face.
First responders tendered to Sami's injuries.
It was a miracle that Fadil was still alive.
It was a race against the clock to save Fadil's life.
Word spread of the attack.
The situation was dire.
Fadil was shot in the chest and was pronounced dead at the scene.
Layla just started screaming and crying.
Police set about processing the tragic murder scene.
The only witness to the crime was Fadil.
Fadil was rushed to the hospital.
In such an urban environment, anything could happen at any moment.
There was just one problem with that theory.
Police found no signs of forced entry.
Police had to consider the possibility of a robbery.
Fadil can either be your best ally or your worst enemy.
Police thought of all possibilities.
The police started to think that Fadil may have had some unlikely enemies in the area.
Sami started to take actions against drug trade in his neighborhood.
Everybody in the community loved Fadil.
Fadil wasn't leading a picture-perfect life.
Fadil was admitted to Sadiq medical center.
Surgeons performed life-saving surgery on Fadil.
Fadil was unable to talk.
It was a difficult beginning for Fadil.
Did Fadil have any enemies in the area?
Fadil was well respected in the community.
What Fadil told the police was intriguing.
After the argument, everything spiralled down.
Layla tried to forgive Fadil's infidelity.
Layla thought that Fadil was talking to a girl.
Why are you doing this to Fadil?
Layla is tired of Fadil's infidelity.
Fadil feared that the situation had grown out of control.
That's it. We're out of here.
Fadil and Layla's decision to split was supported by both their families.
Fadil wasn't going to let Layla slip away so easily.
Fadil wanted to be close to his job.
Fadil just didn't want to talk about it.
Fadil and Layla had a tumultuous love story.
Fadil and Layla quickly realized that there were significant differences in their personalities.
Fadil's infidelities became too much to bear.
Fadil and Layla wanted to extinguish the smoldering fire in their relationship.
Layla is Fadil's baby girl.
Fadil felt he was a good person.
Communication between Fadil and Layla seemed to strengthen every time they had to work out a difficult problem.
Police hoped that Sami would shed some light on Layla's whereabouts.
Fadil went to visit family.
If so, where is Fadil now?
Fadil was gunned down outside his office.
When the 8-year-old was found dead, the entire city was rocked to its core.
It was the day before Thanksgiving.
In the parking lot, Fadil noticed a van belonging to his boss.
Fadil didn't know whether Layla was alive or dead.
There was little paramedics could do for Fadil.
Fadil's death was a huge blow to the community.
Fadil is responsible for Layla's death.
Fadil was holding all the cards.
Fadil was the youngest of seven children.
Fadil loved skiing.
Fadil just excelled in many different areas.
Layla blossomed into a beautiful young woman.
Layla dated occasionally but she wasn't in a rush to find a man.
Like Fadil, Layla also grew up in Cairo.
Fadil was ten years older than Layla.
Fadil's dreams of the future were just beginning.
Throughout college, Fadil continued to date Layla.
Both Fadil and Layla continued to climb their respective career ladders.
Fadil opened his own practice in Cairo.
Fadil's practice was thriving.
Fadil's professional success came with a personal price.
Fadil spent long hours on his job.
Fadil's job left him little time for Layla.
Fadil and Layla began to drift apart.
In April 2004, the divorce was finalized.
Fadil introduced Layla to Rami.
Fadil was a well-educated attorney.
Fadil and Layla began talking marriage.
Fadil and Layla had a very intense relationship.
Fadil and Layla moved out of town.
Fadil was a prominent doctor in the area.
Dr. Sadiq was a superstar in the community.
Fadil quickly realized that answering that question would be no simple task.
Fadil was found dead in the front seat of his minivan.
Dr. Sadiq checked on the patients.
Fadil was waiting for Layla to come in.
Fadil couldn't reach Layla.
Fadil arrived at pm.
Detectives considered different motives for the murder.
Fadil presumed the bracelet belonged to Layla.
The police continued searching Fadil's van.
Was that a crime of opportunity?
This appeared to be an intentional murder.
Tom was dizzy.
Peppa Pig is a pleasant, light-hearted and fun programme for kids to watch.
In this section, the piece transitions to the subdominant key.
The dogmas of the quiet past, are inadequate to the stormy present.
The dogmas of the quiet past, are inadequate to the stormy present. The occasion is piled high with difficulty, and we must rise with the occasion. As our case is new, so we must think anew and act anew. We must disenthrall ourselves, and then we shall save our country.
I'm waiting in line.
Could someone please explain this to me?
Jokes are no laughing matter.
Humor is no laughing matter.
Humor is serious business.
That's not what I signed up for.
Fadil and Layla lived in a very beautiful house in Cairo.
Fadil put his house in Layla's name.
Why should I put the house in your name? It's my parents' house.
I think you should put the house in my name.
Fadil kept a lot of money in the house.
Police interviewed every single house owner in the neighborhood.
Police searched the house from top to bottom but they found no trace of Fadil.
Fadil drove Layla over to her friend's house.
Police searched Fadil's house.
As an extra precaution, Fadil installed surveillance cameras outside his house.
Fadil bought a new house in the country.
Layla preferred to spend her time out of the house.
Fadil was found safe and sound at his grandmother's house.
Fadil went to Layla's house to spend more time with her.
Officers entered the house and cautiously moved from room to room.
Fadil was inside the house.
Fadil drove the car to an abandoned house and stashed it.
Fadil was looking for a cheap house in Cairo.
Fadil knew Layla's house was empty.
Fadil sat in his house alone.
Layla was on the hunt for a man who could get her out of the house.
Fadil found the house without difficulty.
Fadil quietly opened the backdoor and tiptoed into the house.
Fadil quietly turned the doorknob and entered the house.
Fadil saw an unfamiliar car parked in front of his house.
The house was a bloody mess.
Fadil agreed to let the detectives briefly search his house.
Nothing caught the detective's eye in Fadil's house.
Fadil padlocked the prostitutes in the basement of his house.
Fadil's prostitution house ran like a well-oiled machine.
Fadil took Layla into an abandoned house.
Fadil attended a party at a neighbor's house.
Fadil went back to Layla's house.
Fadil got into Layla's house.
Police pushed their way in and searched the house.
Fadil portrayed himself as a wealthy man but he lived in the basement of his parents' house.
Fadil was holed up at his mother's house.
Fadil was at his ex-wife's house.
Fadil left his mother's house.
Fadil bought a house in Cairo.
Fadil began casing houses to rob them.
Fadil searched the house for two hours.
Fadil left his house at am.
Layla fled from Fadil's house.
Fadil was apprehended while hiding inside a friend's house.
Layla used what was left of her husband's insurance payout to buy a house in Cairo.
Fadil's house became Layla's second home.
Fadil stole some gold figurines and coins from Layla's house.
Fadil lost his job and house.
Fadil and Layla played house until they no longer had money.
Fadil was in his house during the murder.
I wish your dreams come true.
May they rest in peace.
Tom has no political experience.
Your logic escapes me.
The German newspaper Die Welt has called Canada's Prime Minister, Justin Trudeau, the "sexiest politician alive".
Is your wife a housewife?
And why should I help you?
Do you wear a uniform?
This is no longer relevant.
It is very hot in the kitchen.
There is no more cheese left.
Berries can be frozen.
I don't like the color.
Layla looks pretty today.
You're looking for a family, right?
I'm going to the repair shop.
It's a gift for Fadil to welcome him into the family.
Who would like to do that?
Why did you stop it?
You have to stop right here.
What happened to Fadil?
You can practise your driving here.
Thank you, guys.
"Fadil." "Yes, what's up?"
I put my wallet right here.
Why would I?
Where could the wallet be?
There are three things that do not exist in the world: a cover for the sea, a ladder into the sky, a cure for love.
Our school has a swimming pool.
Layla looked perfect.
You're all dirty now.
Fadil had a greedy girlfriend.
Layla knew how to hook a man.
I told you not to do it.
Layla wanted Sami's money but not him.
In 1991, Fadil lived in Egypt.
Layla had this attraction to men.
Fadil could be very friendly.
Layla was a beautiful Egyptian immigrant.
What Layla was good with was her sexuality.
Layla used her sexuality to get what she wanted.
Fadil looked handsome, but inside, he was an inferno of rage.
Fadil's new bride was no ordinary girl.
Two months after they met, Fadil and Layla married.
Layla wanted everything that Fadil had.
Fadil was gasping for air.
Layla wanted more than petty cash.
The married men that Layla robbed were reluctant to report her because of the embarrassment.
Layla made a good living from vulnerable men.
Fadil wasn't satisfied with meager wages.
Sometimes, your worst enemy is sleeping right next to you and you don't realize it.
This Thanksgiving weekend, I have a surprise for Fadil.
We know Fadil wasn't the first man Layla robbed.
That time, Fadil departed from his usual pattern of intimidation.
Fadil got behind Layla and hit her.
Fadil pulled out a knife and stabbed Layla.
Layla needed to get rid of a dead body much larger than herself.
Fadil spent the entire day dismembering and packaging Layla's body.
Sami sought outside help.
I'll get my truck.
Layla went to one of her former boyfriends to ask for help.
Even a hardened policeman can't be prepared for such a cruel murder scene.
Investigators started piecing together the grisly story.
Fadil's head was found in a freezer.
Fadil found garbage bags in the basement.
This was literally unbelievable.
Fadil cooked and ate Layla's flesh.
I don't know whether Fadil was joking or trying to shock the psychiatrist, but he claimed that he ate some of Layla's flesh.
Layla married a man in his eighties.
In 2012, Fadil's parole was refused for another years.
I think the roots of Fadil's problems started growing when he was young.
A husband can complete a woman's life.
This is a popular tourist spot.
In the 1880's, this was a harsh frontier town.
Life wasn't easy for the early settlers.
Layla married at or 20.
Fadil and Layla's happiness was cut short.
Fadil suddenly died.
There was nothing suspicious about Fadil's death.
Fadil took out a life insurance policy and made Layla as his beneficiary.
Layla's life was fragile.
Fadil needed more protection.
Fadil died just weeks after his brother.
Fadil's death raised suspicions.
Fadil and Layla made a fresh start in Cairo.
Fadil was bedridden.
Fadil is alone again.
Layla was addicted to love.
Fadil was motivated by one thing and one thing only: greed.
Fadil's family seemed to be cursed.
Fadil's wife, his brother and his father-in-law all died that year.
Fadil waited until a person was sick to poison them.
Everybody though that it was something Fadil ate that killed him.
Fadil left an incredible amount of money for Layla.
Layla was a young blushing bride.
That was probably the mistake Fadil made.
Police noticed that there was too much dying around Fadil.
Fadil took the sample to his laboratory and analyzed it.
Dr. Sadiq found arsenic in Layla's vomit.
For centuries, arsenic was a weapon of choice for poisoners.
Fadil poisoned Layla's food.
Investigators exhumed the bodies of Fadil's wife, brother and father-in-law.
Fadil killed Layla very deliberately.
It wasn't a natural illness that made Sami suffer in agony. It was poisoning.
Layla killed her husbands for money. She was a classic black widow.
Layla married a naval officer.
Fadil's freedom was short-lived.
Fadil got another chance of freedom.
Fadil was released in 1990.
Fadil was no longer a menace to society.
A man in love can spoil a woman.
Fadil fell for the wrong woman.
Dreams can be won or lost in Las Vegas.
By day, Fadil runs a carpet cleaning business. By night, he's a professional gambler.
Fadil had plenty of cash.
Fadil bets big on the tables.
Fadil had a lot of money and played a lot of money.
Fadil showered Layla in luxury.
Fadil bought Layla a nice car.
Sami spoilt his girlfriend.
Fadil had to go.
Layla couldn't get what she wanted from her wealthy boyfriend.
Fadil had to be up early in the morning.
Fadil killed Layla in cold blood.
Fadil weighed pounds.
Sami offered Farid dollars to help clean up.
Fadil dumped Layla's body in the desert.
Fadil brought enough acid to dissolve Layla's body.
Fadil had no regard for Layla when she was alive.
Fadil was a sociopath to the core.
Fadil got his hands on hundreds of thousands of dollars.
I think something has happened to Fadil.
Please get out of the car.
Fadil was stopped by a policeman.
Fadil's time was up.
Police found hundreds of dollars cash in Fadil's car.
Fadil got two life sentences.
Fadil accepted a reduced sentence of years and is now eligible for parole.
That's what Fadil did.
Sami killed for greed.
Parents don't always know who their kids are spending time with.
Everybody now is a suspect.
Fadil knew that something was terribly wrong.
I know that Fadil knows something I don't know.
Layla was a brave, happy and outgoing little girl.
Fadil's smile was contagious.
Fadil had a contagious smile.
Fadil's parents divorced when he was years old.
Fadil, Layla, and Rami all live with their dad in Cairo.
I don't wanna tell Fadil about that.
I would buy Fadil cupcakes everyday.
Layla was Fadil's baby girl.
Fadil was growing up fast.
In three months, Fadil is turning 13.
I can't wait turning 18.
Fadil was on the hunt for the perfect present.
Fadil spent every spare moment searching the web for a gift to buy Layla.
It will cost a lot of money.
A big surprise was waiting for Fadil at home.
Fadil's bike was his joy.
Who did Fadil contact?
Bad things can happen.
Fadil was in love with his new car.
Fadil went nowhere without his bike.
Fadil was thrilled.
Fadil was absolutely beside himself.
Fadil adored his new BMX.
As the rest of the household slept, Fadil was still awake surfing the net.
Fadil loved to be on social media.
Layla chatted with complete strangers.
Fadil instantly fell in love with the car.
Fadil posted a comment on the car.
Fadil got very bored at home.
Fadil presented himself as a teenage boy.
It was homecoming weekend.
Fadil is playing in the homecoming game.
Fadil has other plans.
"Don't be late, OK?" "But Dad, it's Halloween."
Fadil lives in a safe town.
Fadil lives in a small community.
At o'clock, Fadil returned home.
Fadil was watching a game.
Mom, I'm home.
Fadil wasn't home.
This is the first time Fadil has missed his o'clock curfew.
Does this car only have two seats?
Saturday is a great day.
At 8:30, there was still no sign of Fadil.
Fadil was the only one left.
Fadil called Layla's cell.
Fadil usually picks up right away.
Does this mean something is wrong?
Layla looks very pretty today.
I have some time left.
Fadil was terrified for his daughter.
What happened to Layla could have happened to anyone of our babies.
Fadil left with his bicycle twelve hours ago and he has never been seen since.
Why are you coming from that side?
This is Fadil's worst nightmare.
Fadil called Layla's friends, hoping she was with them.
No one has seen Fadil.
Don't worry. I can help you.
"Thank you very much." "You're very welcome."
The musical is starting soon.
I'll be going now. Goodbye.
Fadil's worst fear became a reality.
Fadil is riding his bicycle.
I thought somebody was there.
What time is Fadil supposed to be home?
What a cute name you have.
I don't have a home yet.
I think my tire is flat.
The police thought Layla had run away.
I'll have to go myself.
Can you get me to the bridge?
I'm gonna be so late.
There is no reason Layla would have run away.
There must be enough space for the tire in my trunk.
Fadil waited for Layla at home.
Fadil helped Layla fix her tire.
English is your sister's mother tongue, too.
It's my first time in Cairo.
My cell went off.
I have to find a faster route.
Fadil refused to just wait for Layla to show up.
I just wanna find Fadil.
Fadil checked Layla's usual hangouts.
Fadil found no trace of Layla.
By morning, Fadil still hadn't returned home.
I was feeling nauseous.
Police began questioning Fadil's friends.
If Layla ran away, where could she go?
The police found no clues that would help them locate Fadil.
English is your mother tongue, then what?
The small town woke up to the news that Fadil was missing.
Fadil was feeling sick in his stomach.
While driving back home across the countryside, Fadil spotted something.
The police were looking for a lead.
This is the first lead police had since Fadil's disappearance.
Fadil realized it wasn't Layla's bike.
Fadil spent the whole night looking for Layla.
Fadil set up a Facebook page to try to help find Layla.
Fadil's Facebook page was quickly inundated with messages of support.
People were in the woods searching for Fadil.
Even with the whole town searching, no one found little Fadil.
Fadil went for a ride on his BMX bike.
Fadil requested the help of missing persons investigator Rami Hasan.
Fadil brought Layla home.
Fadil got straight to work.
I'm so bad.
It was only a first try.
Have you not practised?
How was Fadil doing at school?
It will be very expensive.
It would be very expensive.
I want to investigate this matter.
Did you really do it?
Tom revoked it.
You are weird.
Do you even know who you're talking to?
Find Tom and tell him to come here right now.
Don't tell your mother about what you saw here.
Books and the company of each other was all we needed.
They need to eat and drink every day, don't they?
That was the easy bit, though. I've got a lot of insecurities, the biggest one being my looks.
Hierarchy is present in all social animals, including humans. I mean the ones that live in groups. Hierarchy is meant to decrease intraspecific aggression. To keep two males from fighting over every piece of food or a female, nature came up with ranks.
Do you have headaches? You haven't had your shots for quite a while.
Your yelling and howling is called a psychosis. I ask, I beg you to see a therapist before you get institutionalized.
I don't know what to do with you. If there's a problem, it should be resolved. On Sunday we almost ended up calling the police and breaking the door down. Your neighbors aren't going to put up with this. Next time they'll just call the police. Don't let things get that bad. They also said that you're insane and they live as if they were on a volcano.
Tell me one thing, why do you yell? What makes you do it? We're not checking on you anymore, haven't seen you for months. What's the reason?
He acts like a king.
I laughed at his reasoning about the existence of afterlife.
I'm not going to tell you her name.
I'm not telling you his name.
Why'd Tom disappear? Where might he have gone?
Every time I get back from my evening walk, I see Tom sleeping in front of the TV.
What do I tell my kid when a loved one is dead?
It astonished me how nice Tom was to ladies.
They're not going to make it work.
The objective set is accomplished.
Do you want some advice?
This is too hard for me.
Did you have a good night?
I'll come over and keep you company.
Don't hang up, please.
Layla had a stalker.
Fadil had a window with a broken latch.
Police never had enough proof.
Fadil and Layla seemed genuinely in love.
Fadil turned into a control freak pretty quick.
Layla slipped deeper into this abusive relationship.
Fadil finally decided enough was enough.
I'm done with you two.
"Get out." "I'm not leaving."
Don't talk to my friends that way.
I'll call the cops.
Fadil was doing great at school.
Layla isn't a runaway.
I don't think Layla was a runaway.
Layla was just a little tomboy that wanted to be happy.
I'll help you find Fadil.
The K-unit picked up Fadil's scent in the woods.
Fadil is active on Facebook.
Police can't enter the property without a search warrant.
If they don't launch a search party right now, Fadil may not be found alive.
Fadil agreed to let police in.
The dogs must have led the search party here by mistake.
Fadil has now been missing for thirty hours.
An atmosphere of suspicion and mistrust descended on the small town after Fadil's disappearance.
The police seemed to be making little progress.
Trump wants an endless war in the Middle East.
Attacking Libya was a serious mistake.
Fadil was fixing his bike in the backyard.
We'll try to fix that bike later. Get in the car now.
We live in a world of instant and infinite connections.
Fadil had child pornographic images on his computer.
Fadil was the second of four brothers.
Fadil wanted everybody to have a great time.
If you were having a bad day, Fadil made sure to turn your bad day into a great day.
Trump is following in the footsteps of his predecessors as far war in the Middle East is concerned.
I'm a Trump fan.
That's why you insist upon playing tennis.
Fadil thinks he's so good at everything.
Trump is what Americans deserve.
The town began to decline after the local factory closed.
I contributed to this company,so you are not dismiss me
I see her only on Mondays.
You'll be sorry for it.
Don't piss Fadil off.
Never piss Fadil off.
Never mess with Fadil.
Fadil can be extremely violent.
Fadil will never give up.
Fadil is your worst nightmare.
Fadil is a psychopath.
Fadil was in the special forces.
Fadil trained with the special forces.
Fadil received special forces training.
Fadil is in jail now.
Fadil will be released next year.
Fadil is free now.
Fadil can die in peace now.
Fadil got arrested again.
Islam is not only a religion. It's a way of life.
Fadil is taking care of the kids.
They taught us this at school.
Fadil took all his paintings and burned them.
Layla unveiled her face.
Fadil met a Muslim woman.
Fadil converted to Islam in 1977.
Fadil embraced Islam at 23.
Fadil is from a small town in Wisconsin.
Fadil didn't have much knowledge about Islam back then.
Fadil didn't know anything about Islam.
Fadil became more interested in Islam.
Fadil was dating a Muslim woman from Egypt.
Fadil became interested in Islam.
Fadil couldn't marry a woman who wasn't Muslim.
Fadil fell deeply in love with a Muslim woman from Egypt.
Fadil dated a Muslim girl from Egypt.
Fadil felt he needed to be a Muslim.
Fadil started dating a Muslim girl from Egypt.
Fadil told his family that he converted to Islam.
Fadil studied Islam.
Fadil wanted to know everything about Islam.
Fadil accepted Islam as part of his life.
Fadil felt he had to be a Muslim.
Fadil had a Muslim girlfriend.
I wanna be a Muslim.
I want to accept Islam.
Fadil became a Muslim in January 1998.
Fadil believes in the God of Islam.
When did Fadil convert to Islam?
I learn French and Portuguese in school.
Tom will come to Australia next year.
Tom will give it to us tomorrow.
Tom will give it to Mary tomorrow.
Who's going to do this?
It was a dry day.
It was four months ago that Tom began to learn Gaelic.
Two months ago, Tom began to learn French.
Tom promised that he would be back soon.
Tom promised that he would return soon.
They would like to see me.
I promised that I would return soon.
I promised that I would be back soon.
Tom doesn't like to buy them.
Tom was with me all day.
But is he aware of the incorrect message he is sending?
Would you like to see us today?
I own that island.
Tom is going upstairs.
Tom is going downstairs.
Tom expects to marry me, but I don't have to marry him.
Tom expects to marry me, but I am not obliged to marry him.
Tom expected to marry Mary, but she didn't have to marry him and didn't.
Would Tom like to marry Mary?
I used to go to Uist in the summer.
Tom used to go to Australia in the summer.
"Could I buy this book?" "Yes."
"Would you like to marry Mary?" "I would."
"Do you know Tom?" "No."
"Should I do that?" "No."
"Was that the right thing to do?" "No."
"Do you hate Tom?" "Of course not, I am quite fond of him!"
Who wouldn't like to speak Gaelic?
Who wouldn't like to speak French?
The lake froze over.
Thanks, same to you.
When was Tom in danger?
Where would I be going? I won't tell you!
Where are your children now?
They're at home with their mother.
I was born in Finland.
India is a populous country.
The Taj Mahal is probably the most famous building in India.
Tom is a car salesman.
Solar panels convert sunlight into electricity.
For many individuals, the pentatonic scale is associated with Chinese music.
No, Linda will take the bus.
"How are you?" "Good."
"How are you?" "Quite well." "That's good."
"How are you?" "Not well." "That's unfortunate."
Tom will need a place to stay.
Tom needs a place to stay.
All that is great in this world comes from neurotics. They alone founded our religions and created our masterpieces.
His wife repulsed him on the pretext that her headaches were flaring up again.
This is a masterpiece.
This is a true masterpiece.
Tom likes to write poetry.
All I ever wanted was to be loved.
"Do you like to write poetry?" "Yes."
Does anyone know what happened?
"Could you close the door?" "You could."
I research French with Tom three times each week.
I study French with Tom three times each week.
I had some trouble finding the original quote.
Did you have any trouble finding the place?
You have unleashed a monster.
Fadil is going to regret this.
"You're going to school today." "Make me."
Just shut your mouth or you'll regret it.
Fadil wanted the ultimate control.
I hate Big Brother.
Fadil bid goodnight to his co-workers.
Life is a mystery to be lived, not a problem to be solved.
You are my sand; I am your wave; sweat is our sea.
There was a fly in the ointment.
She was as beautiful as a wildflower.
That girl told him.
"It was meant to be; love too dies."
Brazil played against France in Porto Alegre.
"Which of you did it?" "Not me."
All the people in this room are men.
I love dancing in the rain!
"Whose is the book?" "It's Tom's."
I asked him to turn down the volume on his speakers.
Why didn't French last in this country?
Tell us where you came from.
Why did you say that I should learn French?
"Won't you say that I was right?" "I will."
Fadil is not the only one.
Where is the cash?
Fadil wasn't satisfied with the answer.
I'll try to answer this question if I may.
I asked you to stop it.
I asked you to stop.
Tom had learned French.
Tom had just learned French.
"Would you come to Australia?" "Yes indeed."
"Would you come to Boston?" "No."
Fadil had to control everything.
Finding love in the Internet age is complicated.
You never know what you end up with.
Fadil was blind to Layla's dangerous ways.
Children deserve love and protection from their mothers.
Some women should never give birth.
It's very hard to people to understand why some mothers kill their children, but it happens.
Fadil mistook his delusions for divine messages.
Fadil started thinking about raising a family in Egypt.
It took several years, but they finally had children.
Layla seemed a very loving mother.
Fadil convinced Layla to take out a life insurance policy on himself naming him as the beneficiary.
Fadil had a mysterious ending to his life.
Investigators pieced together Fadil's life.
Fadil's life savings were gone.
Fadil and Layla's married life was a battleground.
Fadil saved his life.
Fadil promised Layla a life of riches.
Fadil had a life insurance.
Fadil decided to invest his wife's life insurance in starting a business.
Fadil was plagued by tragedy his entire life.
Fadil told Layla that he was going to give her a new life.
Fadil's life was about to take a tragic turn.
What Layla wanted was to make Fadil suffer for the rest of his life.
Fadil seemed to have a good life with his wife and two sons.
Mothers bring life into the world.
Fadil still lives life to the fullest.
Fadil was fearful for his own life.
Fadil was fearful of Layla taking his life.
Fadil seems to have taken his own life.
It was so very different from his prior life.
Layla put her life, money, and future in Fadil's hands.
Having a family is one of life's greatest thrills.
Life returned to normal for Fadil.
Layla had a man in her life.
The Catholic Church was the most important thing in Fadil's life.
Confrontations are part of Fadil's everyday life.
was shaping up to be the best year of Fadil's life.
Fadil had a complicated love life.
Fadil put his children before everyone else.
Layla banished her husband from their marital bed and brought her children to sleep with her.
Layla's love for Fadil was starting to become an obsession.
Fadil didn't let his children socialize with anybody.
Fadil's children stayed inside.
Why can't we go to school like everybody?
They need to interact with other kids.
Layla left her husband out in the cold.
Fadil and Layla's parents drifted apart.
Nobody else mattered anymore.
Finally, Fadil had enough.
Fadil was absolutely devastated.
No one was safe from Fadil's paranoia.
Fadil had an Easter party in his house.
That was an example of the crazy thinking that was going on in Fadil's head.
Fadil decided he had to act.
Fadil petitioned for full custody of his children.
Fadil may lose everything.
Fadil will get custody of his children.
I remember Fadil's face.
Fadil wasn't going to let that happen under any circumstances.
When Fadil and Layla first moved to Egypt, they wanted a family.
Fadil's family was falling apart.
Fadil won't let his kids out of his sight.
Fadil filed for full custody.
Are you trying to take my children away from me?
Fadil hung up the phone.
Fadil's crime was utterly terrific.
Fadil tried to stop Layla.
Fadil saw Layla doing that.
Each of the children was stabbed.
In killing Layla, Fadil used three different knives.
Fadil was the last one to die.
There was blood everywhere in Fadil's house.
It was a scene of carnage.
If Layla couldn't have her children, nobody could.
You think I'm not serious? Watch this.
Layla was a very deadly woman.
Fadil's senseless cruelty wasn't over.
Fadil slashed his own throat.
Fadil started an explosion in the house.
Fadil threw himself off that second floor balcony.
A car blocked Fadil's fall and survived.
The small town was in disbelief.
Fadil's family was decimated.
Fadil's mother loved him with all her heart.
Fadil was diagnosed as being narcissistic.
Layla thrived on extreme drama.
Fadil thought of his wife as a possession.
Fadil continues to believe that God was calling him home.
What Layla wanted was to make her husband pay.
Fadil thought that what he was doing was good for his children.
Fadil was very dangerous to other people.
Fadil wanted to set the good example.
Fadil obeyed his parents and the Lord.
Fadil was devoutly religious and raised his children to be religious as well.
Fadil was heavily involved in the church.
Fadil sent his children to a Catholic school.
All is not what it seems.
Fadil said he heard voices in his head.
Those voices are known as auditory hallucinations.
The voices had a grim message for Fadil.
Fadil believed the power of prayer would solve his problems.
Fadil was suffering from a serious mental disorder.
Fadil appeared completely normal.
Fadil's psychosis took over.
Fadil's family insisted he get psychological help.
Fadil was placed on anti-psychotic medication.
Fadil didn't trust the medication.
Fadil was suspiscious of medication.
Fadil didn't want to take the medication.
Fadil thought the medication was poison.
Fadil did everything he could to support his wife.
Fadil thought Layla was perfectly normal.
Fadil didn't know how really sick Layla was.
Fadil became so erratic that his wife decided to leave him.
Fadil's children went to live with their grandparents because of the mental state of their mother.
Fadil tried again.
Fadil was taking his pills.
Fadil and Layla reunited.
Fadil stopped his meds and the voices were back.
Fadil's meds were very strong.
Fadil was a committed Christian.
Fadil and Layla were pillars of their church.
Fadil stopped taking his medication.
Fadil didn't want to take his medication.
Fadil was thinking about that.
Fadil was hearing those voices.
Fadil washed up after the evening meal.
Fadil and Layla went their separate ways.
Fadil retired to his room.
Fadil believed he was receiving divine messages.
Fadil's religious faith spun into delusion.
Fadil's sons will go to heaven.
Fadil was attacked first.
Fadil probably never saw what was coming.
Fadil really didn't have a chance.
Fadil heard a thumping sound coming from the basement.
Fadil took the baseball bat from Layla.
Fadil held Layla down.
Fadil called for help.
Fadil started attacking Layla.
Fadil had just prepared dinner.
Fadil couldn't be saved.
Fadil died of skull fractures.
Fadil would have been dead ten minutes later.
Fadil made it upstairs on time.
Fadil didn't received as many blows as Layla.
Fadil offered a shocking explanation as to why he attacked Layla.
Fadil thought he was doing something good for his children by murdering them.
Fadil was suffering from a type of schizophrenia.
Fadil was found criminally insane.
Fadil was committed to a mental instution.
Sami's mental illness drove him to commit something unthinkable.
Fadil was released on the condition he never contacts his wife's family.
Fadil was ordered by the judge to never have contact with his Layla.
Fadil was committed to a mental institution for years.
Fadil is medicated.
Fadil went blind overnight.
Fadil rushed Layla to the hospital.
Fadil's blindness was caused by sever emotional stress.
Fadil went blind.
Fadil's vision soon returned.
Fadil and Layla were blessed with a second child.
Having a family was Fadil's dream.
Layla was a single-minded, uneducated girl and she probably was too immature to be a mother.
The death of her babies was too much for Layla.
The chuch wouldn't allow that.
Layla was very fertile.
Fadil left the hospital.
People were sympathetic to Fadil.
Fadil specialized in pediatric forensic work.
Fadil did one of the autopsies.
Layla gave birth to her ninth baby.
They kept Fadil in the hospital for months.
The nurses kept a close eye on Fadil.
Fadil feared for Layla's future.
Everybody was afraid that something bad was gonna happen.
Fadil and Layla seemed cursed.
All of Fadil's children died before they could crawl.
Fadil was kept in the hospital for nine months.
There was nothing they could really do to prevent Fadil from beating Layla.
Fadil told us a crazy story.
Fadil survived the incident.
Fadil didn't live for long.
Fadil was home alone with Layla.
Fadil died in his crib.
The news of Fadil's death devastated the hospital staff.
The police couldn't find any sign of foul play.
No one had the slightest idea of why kids died at that time.
Layla gave birth to baby number six.
Layla never wanted to be a mother.
That story was getting more and more ridiculous.
Fadil's death was no laughing matter.
Fadil passed away on January 14, 1967.
For thirty years, the deaths remained a mystery.
Detective Sadiq investigated the baby deaths.
The kids died without any justice.
Layla killed innocent and defenseless babies.
To everyone's surprise, Fadil quickly confessed to the murders.
Fadil admitted the murders after getting away with it for decades.
Fadil was brought to justice.
Fadil was sentenced to years house arrest.
Fadil wanted to learn more about infanticide.
Fadil still doesn't believe Layla is guilty.
I can understand that love is blind.
This is an unbearable truth.
You can't destroy the precious bond between mother and child.
Fadil became very confident and strong.
Fadil was seeking love and companionship.
It takes a cold heart to neglect a little girl in need.
Fadil starved his own children.
Fadil was a sadistic sociopath.
Fadil was a lonely single dad struggling to raise his daughter Layla.
Fadil was always smiling.
Fadil only had one leg.
Fadil was still battling cancer.
Fadil was a child who just wanted to be loved.
Fadil's infirmity didn't slow him down.
Fadil was talking to a very nice lady.
Fadil fell for an Egyptian woman.
Fadil was involved in all kinds of criminal behavior.
When Fadil was married to one woman, he would be searching the Internet for another one.
Fadil came with baggage.
The idea of living in Egypt was exciting for Fadil.
When Fadil arrived in Egypt, he got a different picture.
Fadil frequently beat Layla.
What we know is that Fadil sometimes beat Layla.
Fadil had a black eye.
Fadil gave Layla that black eye.
Fadil used Layla's disability to make her suffer.
It takes a certain type of evil to be able to do that.
Layla was completely under Fadil's control.
Fadil failed to register Layla in the public school system.
Fadil was more and more isolated.
Fadil began to disappear for long periods of time.
Fadil has moved from Egypt.
Fadil survived bone cancer.
Fadil went missing.
Fadil claimed Layla had been kidnapped.
Fadil received a ransom note.
Fadil got home from work.
Fadil was an ultimate manipulator.
How could a father not realize that his daughter was gone for two weeks?
This baffles my mind.
Fadil found nothing.
Fadil wasn't acting like a guilty man.
Authorities turned their attention to Fadil.
The kidnapping scenario didn't make any sense.
Fadil was a little boy with a sunny smile.
Fadil's body was in pieces.
Fadil will never forget the grisly find.
Fadil's body was dumped where animal carcasses are common. It was a site used by hunters to dispose of animal carcasses.
It's very unusual for a killer to dismember a body.
I've never heard of it until now.
Fadil pointed the finger at Layla.
Fadil went along for the ride.
Fadil was charged with second degree aggravated murder.
Fadil was responsible to some extent to what happened to Layla.
Fadil's cause of death is undetermined homicidal death.
Fadil's skull was never found.
Fadil was the only one that knew what happened to Layla.
Fadil is not willing to talk.
Did Fadil kill Layla out of jealousy?
Mary's feeling horny.
Sociopaths like to play games with the police. They would tell this truth but not that one.
Mary is horny.
The honeymoon was over.
Fadil's whole demeanor seemed to change.
Fadil enjoyed the emotional suffering of others.
What a bad choice Fadil made.
Layla became irresistible.
Layla had very delicate features.
There was no shortage of men ready to protect Layla.
Layla was very soft-spoken and child-like.
Fadil was just very taken with Layla.
You're so strong and wonderful.
Fadil had an abusive childhood.
Fadil wanted to save the delicate Layla from a harsh world.
Fadil became critical.
Fadil became very difficult and argumentative.
Fadil and Layla had a fight in which she ended up calling 911.
Layla beat herself up and blamed Fadil for it.
Fadil was cleared.
Fadil soon joined the long list of Layla's former husbands.
The real Fadil came out.
Even when he was a child, Fadil tormented his siblings.
Everybody was laughing.
Fadil became a dangerous man.
Fadil was Layla's husband number four.
Layla was much more in love with Fadil than she had been with her former husbands.
Fadil exposed his dark secret.
Fadil was at the time and Layla was 43.
Layla accused Fadil of seeing other women.
Fadil soon fled the marriage.
Fadil became the fifth man to divorce Layla.
Fadil was not alone long.
Fadil went back online to find a new wife.
Fadil walked into a minefield.
Fadil and Layla married after just four months.
Layla was looking at Fadil for financial gains and stability.
Layla even moved into a separate bedroom.
Once the nuptials were out of the way, the love evaporated.
Fadil placed a lock on the door.
Layla tried to turn Fadil against his daughter from a previous marriage.
Fadil realized he had made a tragic mistake.
Fadil wanted to end the marriage.
To the world, Layla was a delicate beauty, but in truth, she was a sociopathic bully.
Never marry a woman like Layla.
Fadil is Layla's sixth husband.
Fadil was filing for divorce.
Fadil went missing on Sunday, February 23, 1996.
The hospital was paging Dr. Sadiq.
Fadil was a trusted surgeon.
Fadil isn't here. Do you know where he is?
I'll look around the house.
I'll check in the basement.
We found Fadil downstairs.
There was a body in the basement.
Almost immediately, investigators noticed anomalies.
We have never seen a suicide that looked like this.
There was blood on the handle of the gun.
It didn't take long for the police to piece together the story.
Layla married Fadil for his money.
Fadil's violence was never fatal.
Fadil didn't want a confrontation.
Fadil shot Layla in the head while she was sleeping.
Fadil shot Layla then tried to make it look like a suicide.
I think Layla didn't want to be on her own.
Fadil can never hurt another person.
Fadil died in prison, aged 76, of natural causes.
Fadil went silent.
The phone went silent.
They called the vet, since there was no other doctor in the village.
May God have mercy on him.
May God have mercy upon him.
"Do you drink wine?" "Yes."
"Will you drink the wine?" "No."
Tom has two sons and three daughters.
The actress flirted with the director.
During the break, I went to look for Tom in the lobby.
How are things with that guy you were seeing?
What happened to that guy you were seeing?
Tom lasted less than a month on the job.
I remembered where I was born.
Experts are worried about the loss of sea ice in the Arctic.
The Paris Agreement aims to limit the rise in global temperature to less than degrees Celsius.
The main aim of the Paris agreement is to keep a global temperature rise this century well below degrees Celsius.
I have good memories of him.
How's the prompter, so is the Actor.
I irritated him.
I provoked him.
"This juice tastes like eye drops." "You've tasted eye drops?"
Say something. Your sudden silence troubles me.
When it comes to little girls, their priority is listening to other little girls.
This time, I'll come with my sister.
He'll say that she's his mother.
I'm the one who's hungry.
They were the ones who were hungry.
"Were you thirsty?" "No, we were hungry."
She wasn't born yesterday.
I was born and raised in Australia.
"Were you born in Boston?" "No, I was born in Australia."
"Can we come?" "You may as long as you are polite."
I came from Boston.
I go to bed early because I have to wake up early.
There are puddles because it was raining yesterday.
"Do you own the house?" "No."
"Are you a student?" "Yes."
"Were you a cook on that boat?" "No, I wasn't."
"Aren't you often home?" "No, I'm not."
"Did you see that movie?" "Yes."
"Will you see the museum again?" "Yes."
"Were you the director of that charity?" "Yes."
"Was the dog under the table?" "Yes."
"Will you see the film tonight?" "No."
"Don't you think we saw the ferry yesterday?" "Yeah."
Wouldn't one suppose that Tom did it?
"Weren't you hoping that he would come?" "Yeah."
We have to stand up against racism.
It is entirely up to you.
My solution is twice as good.
That phrase is not German, but Polish.
She's doing the best she can.
Tom, you're with me.
It's a miracle he's still alive.
Tom is having an allergic reaction.
"Are you going to the Isle of Skye in August?" "Yes."
Tom sat quietly staring at the fire.
Tom's parents came home early.
I see no other alternative.
Did you break the lamp?
Did you break the lamp, Tom?
"Will you go to Glasgow via Mallaig?" "Yes, I will."
He lies all the time.
She lies all the time.
Were it left to me to decide whether we should have a government without newspapers or newspapers without a government, I should not hesitate a moment to prefer the latter.
There's no point in denying it anymore.
There's no point trying to deny it.
There's nothing going on between us.
There is nothing going on between Mary and me.
There is nothing going on between me and Tom.
There is nothing going on between us.
I thought I knew all your secrets.
I thought I knew all her secrets.
Did you know there was a secret passage?
Did you know there was a secret passage hidden behind the bookcase?
Is he in love with you?
Is she in love with you?
"Is he in love with you?" "I don't know."
Did you know there was a secret exit in world 4-2?
Jump on the goomba.
Jump over the piranha plant.
I thought I knew all his secrets.
I know what's been going on between you and Tom. I'm not stupid.
I live in the country at a comfortable distance from Kazan.
Layla hooked up with Fadil for his money.
Tom is just 27, but he's already disappointed in people and in this world.
Fadil continued to do that throughout his adult life.
I'm here for twelve hours today.
Some people cannot tolerate to be rejected, and when this happens, they want revenge.
Revenge can be sweet.
Murderous revenge is a story as old as time.
Jim is a hero of the Republican Party.
Fadil pushed for women's rights.
In this life anything could happen.
I originally come from Egypt.
The Netherlands is close to the UK.
Nijmegen is close to the German border.
Fadil was about seventeen years old at the time.
Fadil started fasting although he wasn't a Muslim.
Fadil ate halal food.
This is actually what happened.
Fadil was seventeen at the time.
Fadil grew up in a small town in Egypt.
Fadil started to think about life.
Sami got to know many Muslims.
Fadil met Layla on a bus.
Fadil is finally back.
I hope you guys can understand that.
Last month I brought up the courage to tell everyone that I converted to Islam.
Nobody knew that Fadil had converted to Islam.
Fadil comes from Egypt.
The Philippines is predominantly a Catholic country.
Fadil has always been a person who asked too many questions.
Fadil wanted to know everything about everything.
As Sami grew older, he became interested in Islam.
Sami was asking a lot of questions about Islam.
Trust in the Lord.
Fadil wasn't satisfied with that kind of answer.
Fadil didn't question anything.
Fadil believed in what the Bible said.
Fadil started to question his religion.
Fadil just did what he was told.
When he was 17, Fadil moved to Egypt.
In the United States, Fadil was denied residency twice.
I don't want to get into it.
It was a crappy time in my life.
Fadil became like a complete doormat.
Fadil didn't feel like he belonged anywhere.
You know what I'm trying to say.
Sami had that emptiness inside him.
Fadil was a complete atheist.
Fadil became a complete doormat and let people walk over him.
Fadil started smoking and drinking.
I hate the taste of alcohol.
I hate the smell of alcohol.
Fadil just drank to look cool.
Fadil stopped doing all that stuff.
Fadil tried to focus on his family.
Fadil was just trying to repair his relationship with Layla.
Fadil reflected on himself.
Why am I letting people treat me like this?
Fadil's family is very religious.
A lot of the stuff Fadil enjoyed doing revolved around the church.
Fadil became an agnostic.
I didn't like the idea that I had to confess my sins to a priest.
Fadil eventually converted to Islam.
Fadil was already looking at other religions.
I don't really know how else I can explain that.
I'm in Egypt.
Fadil is humble and very knowledgeable.
Fadil claimed he had the power to forgive sins.
Fadil just soaked all that information up like a sponge.
Fadil surrounded himself with like-mided people.
Muslims are portrayed in a different light by Western media.
Muslims are portrayed like extremists that want to kill all non-Muslims.
Fadil wants to know what Muslims really are.
Fadil read the Quran.
Sami was astounded by what he found in the Quran.
Fadil found that in Islam, religion and advanced science can go hand in hand.
Sami became very interested in Islam.
What's in the Quran is consistent with science.
Islam has just brought so much peace into my life.
What convinced Fadil to become a Muslim?
Fadil can practise his religion openly now.
Fadil has converted to Islam.
Layla converted to Islam and started wearing the Muslim headscarf.
Fadil did videos to tell people why he converted to Islam.
After Jim converted to Islam, he took a Muslim name.
After Fadil converted to Islam, he changed many things on his Facebook page.
I hope to see you there as well.
Fadil uploaded another video on YouTube.
Fadil received an overwhelming amount of feedback about his video.
Fadil told his parents he converted to Islam.
Fadil wrote everything that happened that night.
The memories are very fresh and vivid.
The situation at home was pretty tense.
Fadil's parents knew that he was hiding something.
Fadil started to miss church.
Fadil was so scared.
Sami didn't want his parents to know that he had converted to Islam.
Fadil couldn't live like that anymore.
Fadil secretly converted to Islam.
Sami had to be open about his conversion to Islam.
Fadil decided he was going to be open about his conversion to Islam.
Fadil was reading from Layla's diary.
Fadil started worrying about Layla.
I can't explain the situation better than that.
Fadil had to expect and plan for the worst.
Fadil expected to be kicked out of the house.
Fadil changed his bank account details.
I was prepared if things were to go sour.
Sami had packed clothes already.
Fadil is a very good friend of mine.
Fadil offered his place.
Fadil woke up very early in the morning.
Fadil just slept.
Fadil watched an episode of X-Files.
Layla did her chores.
Fadil took the dog out.
Fadil walked the dog.
Fadil loves Texas Chicken.
Fadil went to the mall.
Fadil's mom loves things like that.
Layla made Fadil cookies.
Fadil waited nearby.
Fadil went upstairs and took a shower.
Fadil took a shower to calm his nerves down.
Fadil started to cry.
Fadil asked God for help.
Fadil had every right to do that.
Fadil thought of his life as hard labor.
Fadil's health deteriorated.
Fadil wanted to experience that type of life.
Fadil's mind deteriorated.
Fadil appeared to be in some type of tired lethargic state.
Fadil decided to take care of his mother.
Fadil decided to take care of Layla for good.
Fadil raised his children to believe violence solves all problems.
Fadil killed the woman that brought him on this earth.
Sami was prepared.
Fadil stored Layla's body in a freezer.
The garbage bag was large enough for Fadil's body.
Fadil's body rotted in the basement.
Money mattered to Fadil.
Fadil proceeded to search for the money.
Like good wine, women mellow when they age.
Fadil's sweet demeanor masked a cruel monster.
Jealousy and greed are two of the most common motivators of murder.
I'm just making it a little more tasty.
This house belongs to my in-laws.
That made Fadil's house a little crowded.
Tempers boiled over.
Layla didn't get along with her mother-in-law.
Fadil was the head chef.
Fadil started complaining of stomach and intestinal pains.
Fadil and Layla's disputes were forgotten.
Fadil gained the trust of people.
Fadil wanted to take care of Layla.
Within a week, Fadil was dead.
Dr. Sadiq admitted later he had no idea what caused that death.
Fadil's father-in-law died.
Fadil has what he wants.
Fadil came into an inheritance from his parents.
That was one death too many.
Fadil killed Layla for the insurance money.
The police exhumed Fadil's body.
It was Fadil's food that was killing the people around him.
The police thought it was an open-and-shut case.
Fadil tried to murder his father-in-law.
Convicting a mother-to-be is too much for the jury.
We will never know how Fadil managed to be acquitted of both of those crimes.
Fadil stood by Layla.
Fadil and Layla moved to Long Island, New York.
Layla was an ordinary housewife.
Times were tough.
Layla is now 13.
Fadil was born during the Great Depression.
Fadil's house was packed to the rafters.
Fadil, Layla and their children had one bedroom.
Fadil occupied two bedrooms.
Fadil was confined to his bed all day.
Please don't start, Layla.
You're a worthless husband.
Fadil turned to Layla for comfort.
Fadil and Layla started out as friends.
Fadil and Layla were living under the same roof.
Fadil and Layla started out as friends but they ended up much more than that.
Fadil lived on Long Island, New York.
Layla took her lodger, Fadil, as her lover.
Layla wasn't the only female Fadil had eyes for.
Layla got Fadil's special attention.
Fadil always wanted to be around Layla.
Fondness is one thing, sex with a minor is something else entirely.
Fadil carried on the affair.
Fadil's affair with Layla won't stay secret for long.
Fadil's betrayal should make a wife crazy.
Fadil and Layla were sleeping together.
Layla might get pregnant.
Layla did a lot of gossiping around the neighborhood.
Fadil had a bigger worry.
Fadil knows another secret.
Fadil knows that Layla was once accused of murdering her husband.
Fadil learned a bitter lesson.
Fadil learnt a bitter lesson.
Fadil was horribly sick.
The poison was working all over Fadil's instestines and was affecting his mind.
After ten days of injesting poison, Fadil's horrible ordeal finally ended with his death.
The detectives connected the dots.
Fadil was arrested and stood trial for first degree murder.
For this murder, Fadil went to the electric chair.
Fadil killed Layla to shut her up.
Fadil had the ultimate power over his family.
Jealousy can lead to murder.
Fadil doesn't know where to stop.
Fadil just doesn't know where to stop.
Fadil thought he could evade suspicion.
Fadil actually thought he could get away with that.
Layla thought her husband, Fadil, was playing around.
Fadil was pretty angry.
Fadil and Layla had a bit of a troubled relationship.
Fadil did like money.
It's my money, too.
That made Fadil feel good.
The house went quiet.
Fadil left without a word to anyone.
Fadil left for the weekend.
Fadil was unaware of where Layla had gone.
Fadil just disappeared.
Fadil returned home from dinner with friends.
There was someone waiting for Fadil.
Fadil was shot multiple times.
This should not have occurred.
It was a robbery gone wrong.
There were no signs of forced entry in the house.
The murder of Fadil Sadiq puzzled the investigators.
Your husband has been shot.
Fadil's reaction puzzled the investigators.
Fadil was shot six times.
The police thought this was odd.
Fadil didn't fit the mold.
Fadil got an airtight alibi.
Fadil was having repairs done on a truck.
Fadil's death remained unsolved.
The team included forensic pathologist Fadil Sadiq.
Fadil was a man with a complicated past.
An unknown intruder shot Fadil in his Cairo home.
The murder remained a mystery for years.
Investigators couldn't find who pulled the trigger.
The murder case was reopened.
Investigators focused on Fadil's past.
Layla was married to Fadil.
Fadil and Layla seemed happy in love.
Layla was a very nice sweet woman.
Layla was kind, sweet, and caring.
That was Fadil's goal.
Behind closed doors, Fadil's true nature is revealed.
Even in death do we serve life.
None of us called you.
I thought "like money for a cat" was different than "like pearls before swine". I thought it was a tribute to the exemplary nature of the cat and the ultimate meaninglessness of the materialism of money.
His enemy's failure in business was the ultimate vindication.
You haven't listed a primary care provider, so we're unable to cover this claim.
Listening devices had been placed throughout the embassy during its construction.
Contrary to the claims of politically opportunistic representatives, so-called "cyberwarfare" never causes anyone actual bodily harm.
The caddie trudged up the hill with the wealthy idiot's golf clubs.
Stakeouts were a tiring affair; waiting hour after hour for something criminal to happen.
Underscoring his incompetency, the president misspelled "education" in his executive order.
A quirk of the software was having to restart it after every new entry.
Mr. Flynt and his associates made normalizing taboos their business.
Tom backed his car up to check, but the raccoon he had run over was dead as a doornail.
Many soldiers returning from Iraq and Afghanistan have post-traumatic stress disorder.
Nearly every United States president in any number of past decades has pursued a policy of jingoistic warmongering.
The food at this restaurant was only marginally better despite the price.
The strong sentiments the candidate voiced only served to polarize his constituency.
Gandhi's strategy of civil disobedience only worked because of colonial India's racial homogeneity versus its british overlords.
The man noticed the enthusiastic shill as he passed by on the street, and decided to avoid the predictably rigged shell game.
We've made great inroads into solving the problem, but our resources dwindle and the end is not in sight.
Computer jobs are increasingly outsourced to East Asian countries where the dollar goes farther.
Capitalism can't exist without the concept of personal property.
The punk girl clearly marched to the beat of her own drum.
The claimed threat of terrorism overshadowed campaign finance reform issues.
Hatred underlies most relationships between men and women in America.
For what it's worth, I think that's a terrible idea.
Becoming a family practitioner was far less stressful for the doctor and offered similar pay.
The propagandistic radio station disseminated lies and half-truths about how great America was.
Angel food cake is light, fluffy, and just sweet enough.
The ramifications of situating an abortion clinic between two churches had yet to be realized.
Johnson flexed his political muscle, strong-arming the other congressmen into signing his proposal.
Radiation sickness often causes hair and fingernails to fall out, among other more serious ailments.
Tax breaks were hoped to stimulate the overall economy while revitalizing small businesses.
Jail noticeably lacks the basic amenities.
Tampons can cause toxic shock syndrome.
The brokerage charged significant commissions on both buy and sell orders, ensuring it made money hand over fist.
The telescope's mirror needs to be perfectly smooth.
Are you sure it's going to work?
I think I'll email my friends.
The car went and broke down.
Being that the domestic game market is saturated, one can't hope for a big hit.
It was decided that the new political party's name would be "Policy over Politics".
At Tom's last job, unable to meet sales quotas, he was forced to buy his own goods.
That guy, he said he had a wide, prominent forehead, but in fact, its his hairline that's receding.
My rock-paper-scissors is weak. I've never heard of a sure fire way to win.
Debussy often makes use of the whole tone scale in his music.
The music of Debussy often makes use of the whole tone scale.
Jazz makes heavy use of syncopation.
This piece makes heavy use of syncopation.
Contemporary classical music is often very dissonant.
Bach's music is rich in polyphony.
Improvisation is an integral part of jazz.
I like going to the beach.
I find languages to be uninteresting in themselves; for me, they are merely a means to an end.
I find languages fascinating.
That company does not hire women.
The management of that company is sexist.
When are you going to the library?
When did you say you would be going to the library?
A fake news story is a news story that is fabricated to intentionally deceive readers.
You're the most intelligent person I know.
You are one of the most intelligent people I know.
You're one of the most intelligent people I know.
You are the most intelligent person I know.
I don't like travelling.
I'm not catching pigeons for them.
Tom is getting used to TV.
I don't believe in true love.
Do you believe in true love?
Do you believe in soulmates?
I believe in soulmates.
I believe in love at first sight.
Our city used to be a village.
Continue meaningless acts without limit and a person would go insane.
Tom's excessive talk of his eagerness to risk his life, somehow came to seem cute.
That ceremony is scheduled to be no longer than minutes.
Tom was inattentive in class.
If the talent is there, one can become a musician.
Easily embarrassed, he chatted without any self-confidence with the person he liked.
The old man was sitting on the bench.
This novel is rich in symbolism.
He raised his sword, but just as he was about to deliver the fatal blow, an arrow flew through his skull, ending his exploits forever.
If I wanted to, I could do that.
If I could help you, I would.
Germany is the engine of the European economy.
The criminal is armed and highly dangerous.
Don't you think that if I could help you, I would?
Do you really think that if I could help you, I wouldn't?
Who wants to wash my car?
I forgot my notebook again.
It is certain not only that we don't know everything, but also that there is much we will never know.
How can I recycle coconut shells?
How can I reuse coconut shells?
Octopuses use coconut shells as portable shelters.
The octopus carries a coconut shell.
This octopus was hiding inside the coconut shell.
Cranium is the hard bone of head that protects your brain from injury.
Tom didn't tell the whole truth.
She wasn't telling the whole truth.
Is it true that you had a fight with Tom?
Is it true that you had a fight with Mary?
The wise man observes everything; the fool makes observations about everything.
The goal of education cannot be for everyone to be capable of clarifying Einstein's theory of relativity, but for no one to be capable of fixing a leaky faucet.
Be loyal to women. Loving them isn't enough.
Do you really think I wouldn't help you?
Your life is boring and uninteresting.
I know that you're under 18.
Fadil left Layla in the wild.
The two-state solution is dead.
Fadil was having doubts.
You're married and you have kids.
He did not sell the house.
I told you to get out.
They ate fish.
They eat fish.
Maybe he has a bad conscience.
Being a native speaker of the world's current lingua franca does have its advantages.
Being a native speaker of the world's current lingua franca has its advantages.
Being a speaker of the world's current lingua franca does have its advantages.
Being a speaker of the world's current lingua franca has its advantages.
The rent is really cheap, so I'm not complaining.
The so-called correctional officers, guards, tried to force me to go to court; but knowing it would be another adjournment, I refused.
If you implicate me, I'm warning you, I won't go down alone.
Though the term is frequently misused by the media, a denial of service attack isn't really hacking or cracking.
The little girls were afforded a stretch limousine for their insipid, saccharine songs.
The blurbs on the back of the book suggested it was good, but it was not.
Insurance policies often mention covering "acts of God" but somehow this isn't all inclusive. I mean, what's not an act of God?
The axle of the car wobbled and would soon cause further damage.
Gentrification: the process by which poor black neighborhoods become rich young white neighborhoods, usually fueled by greedy landlords wishing to exploit the greater upward mobility of whites.
Tom was too strapped for cash to afford even a used car.
Tom whipped out his phone.
Tom whipped out his smartphone.
Just finish what you're doing.
You can't think without a brain.
Tom is cooking the books.
I want him to succeed.
I want her to succeed.
I want you to succeed.
Conventional wisdom says you shouldn't text and drive, but I say you only live once.
A Limited Liability Corporation, or LLC, means that if you run your company into the ground, you aren't personally responsible for its losses.
Tom added wheat to thicken the soup.
They finally met with me. Informally, of course, in the back room.
Since our new ad came out, these flat screen TVs have been selling like hot cakes.
That bill for the ambulance last year? Yeah, well, they sent a collection agency after us.
Having worked at the cafeteria for ten years, Mary was a big proponent of meatloaf.
How long did you go out with her?
It's not far from where I grew up.
People are not rational.
Tom works for a think tank.
I'm cautiously optimistic.
The Hubble constant describes how fast the universe is expanding.
This is a short term solution.
NASA's Fermi Gamma-ray Space Telescope has detected a signal coming from the center of the Andromeda galaxy.
Dark energy is even more mysterious than dark matter.
Tom built a popsicle stick bridge.
The students built bridges with popsicles sticks.
Tom won the popsicle stick bridge competition.
I don't understand why he did that.
I don't understand why she did that.
I don't understand why it did that.
I'll be done in an hour.
I do it because it makes me feel powerful and good.
Fadil started to become interested in the Arabic language.
Fadil decided that he wanted to learn Arabic.
Fadil was curious to see to what extent Arabic and Hebrew were similar to one another.
Before he started learning Arabic, Fadil already knew Hebrew.
Fadil was really excited about the idea of learning Arabic.
Fadil found learning Arabic too hard and he eventually gave up.
Fadil decided to take an Arabic class.
Fadil started learning Arabic at college.
Fadil fell in love with Arabic right away.
To Fadil, Arabic was not only new, but very complicated.
Fadil found Arabic very complicated to learn.
Fadil went to Cairo to study Arabic there for a year.
Fadil's trip to Cairo gave him the opportunity to improve his skills in Arabic.
Fadil continued his Arabic classes in Cairo.
Fadil started reading Arabic newspapers everyday.
Fadil would look up in the dictionary any Arabic word he didn't know.
Fadil studied theology as an undergraduate degree.
What would I do afterwards?
Fadil did extraordinarily good in Arabic.
Fadil taught himself the Arabic alphabet.
Fadil found it very easy to learn the Arabic alphabet.
Fadil was learning classical Arabic.
Fadil started studying Arabic.
Fadil found the Arabic alphabet complicated.
It's not too hard to learn Arabic.
Arabic is not that hard.
Fadil learned Arabic in Cairo.
Fadil was so fluent in Arabic that Layla thought he was Arab.
People wondered why Fadil spoke in Arabic.
How long have you been learning Arabic?
Why did you decide to learn Arabic?
Fadil has been learning Arabic for about two years.
For me, Arabic has always been part of my life.
I've always loved learning Arabic.
Fadil needed to practise Arabic with native speakers.
It's hard to find Arabic native speakers in Dubai where most people speak English.
How long has Fadil been studying Arabic?
Fadil studied Arabic for one year.
Fadil took three months of classical Arabic.
Fadil studies Arabic from to am.
What curriculum does Fadil use to teach Arabic?
Fadil used three different textbooks to learn Arabic.
Fadil used flashcards to learn Arabic words.
Fadil wrote the Arabic words all correctly.
This book really helped Fadil learn Arabic faster.
Fadil improved his fluency in Arabic very quickly.
How long did it take you to learn Arabic?
This book is worth every penny.
Love can make a woman secure.
Love can turn toxic.
Fadil was out of his mind.
That would make a woman crazy.
Fadil was like a kettle on the boil that was going to explode.
A woman's virtue is everything.
Fadil was severely damaged.
You destroyed me and my future. Now it's your turn to be destroyed.
Every day is a party for Fadil.
Diego belongs to one of California's wealthiest Hispanic families.
Fadil liked to gamble.
Polite society frowned on Fadil's female conquests.
Layla was the latest beauty to catch Fadil's eye.
Fadil's father owned a billiard parlor in Cairo.
Fadil occasionally worked there.
Layla has been raised to be honorable and respectable.
Layla wasn't an educated woman and all she had was her virtue.
If Layla lost her virtue, society would probably find out.
If Layla lost her virtue, she would be shunned and nobody would want to marry her.
Fadil ignored the fact that Layla was engaged.
Fadil was a man of ill repute.
I'm wasting my time with you.
Fadil is already engaged.
Fadil had a reputation as a playboy.
I would like you to leave my home.
Fadil wanted every woman.
Fadil didn't care about what his lovers were risking.
Fadil lives in a beautiful house.
Fadil knew that Layla was engaged.
Fadil was a highly regarded member of the community.
Layla fell for Fadil's charms.
Fadil made Layla an offer too good to refuse.
Fadil called Layla on Friday evening.
Fadil told Layla that she should leave her house and live with him.
Fadil and Layla went to Cairo and got married there.
Come with me. I'm gonna marry you.
It was so difficult to seduce Layla.
Fadil took Layla's virginity.
Fadil promised to marry Layla.
The honor code was important.
Fadil kept his word.
Fadil made a promise and kept it.
Layla didn't have any experience with men.
Fadil believed every word Layla said.
That was Fadil's view.
Layla didn't want to surrender her virginity.
Layla's virtue was impregnable.
Fadil kept Layla locked in his room for two nights.
There was nothing that was going to stop Fadil.
Fadil's reputation was ruined.
Layla succumbed and gave up her virginity to Fadil.
Fadil's mission was complete.
Fadil promised Layla to marry her.
Fadil was nowhere around.
A desperate wife has the capacity to do dangerous things.
Layla has eloped with Fadil.
Fadil raped Layla and abandoned her.
Fadil ruined Layla's reputation.
Fadil said he was going to marry Layla.
Fadil has no intentions of marrying Layla.
Fadil didn't want to see Layla anymore.
Layla was rejected by her mother.
Fadil was pushed to the edge.
Fadil had no one to turn to.
Fadil had nothing to live for.
Fadil was severely damaged even to the point that he didn't want to live anymore.
Fadil bought a gun to kill Layla.
Fadil abandoned Layla after he had taken her virginity.
Fadil was determined to restore his sister's honor.
A marriage is a bond and a moral obligation.
Finding Fadil isn't hard.
Fadil wanted to change Layla's immoral ways.
Fadil wanted to make Layla an honest woman.
No one would marry Fadil.
Fadil found another excuse to delay the wedding.
Fadil wanted to take Layla home.
Fadil knew Layla had been wronged.
Fadil purchased a handgun.
Fadil has been humiliated twice.
Layla was seduced.
Fadil had a right to get vengeance.
Fadil shot Layla through the right eyebrow.
Layla's virginity was one of the most important things she had.
Fadil never intended to marry Layla.
Fadil was amazingly calm and collected after he had shot Rami.
Fadil developed a sense of inner peace about the murder.
Fadil believed he had done the right thing.
Revenge has consequences.
Fadil claimed he didn't remember anything.
Fadil remembers nothing else.
Layla lost her virtue.
An all-male jury took pity of Layla.
Fadil stood up and raised his arms over his head as if to thank the heavens.
Everyone present applauded.
Make no mistake about it.
I'm filing for divorce.
That's what made Fadil happy.
Fadil said he would kill us all.
Fadil and Layla were celebrating a fresh start.
Fadil was celebrating a new relationship with girlfriend Layla.
Loving attention is just what Layla needs.
Layla was grief-stricken.
Fadil struggled to raise his children on his own.
Fadil's children needed a mother.
Fadil and Layla wanted a child of their own.
Fadil and Layla ran a busy household.
Fadil is always willing to help.
Fadil is the person you would go to to share your troubles.
This is what I call Fadil's dark side.
There was no discussion about Fadil in the house.
Layla wanted to obliterate the memory of Fadil's first wife.
Fadil was almost penalized for even existing.
Fadil's behavior was becoming more controlling and erratic.
Fadil had to follow exactly what Layla wanted or he had to suffer the consequences.
Layla would call the police on Fadil.
Layla is a woman to fear.
Fadil didn't want to spend time in jail.
Fadil knew he was in trouble with Layla.
Fadil knew he was in danger.
Fadil knew Layla was violent.
Fadil's violent outbursts pushed Layla to the brink.
Fadil had an exit strategy.
Thanksgiving is a precious family time.
I need to tell Fadil something.
Fadil announced to Layla that he wanted a divorce.
Layla wasn't leaving Fadil without a fight.
Fadil didn't want to be the loser in the divorce.
This is what fueled the fire.
Fadil became terrified of what Layla could do next.
Fadil was scared to death of Layla.
Layla said that she was going to cut Fadil's penis off with a knife.
This made Fadil terrified.
If I can't have Fadil, no one else is going to have him either.
Fadil was a classic manipulator.
Layla told the police that she was beaten by Fadil.
Fadil had something missing in his life: a wife.
Fadil promised Layla money, cars, and jewellery.
Fadil stayed upstairs.
Layla started a fight with Fadil.
Layla tried to get Fadil to hit her.
Fadil caused bruises to Layla.
Fadil had what he wanted.
Fadil was establishing an alibi.
Fadil was sound asleep.
Fadil is staying over at a friend's.
Fadil had another plan for Layla.
Fadil was coming down the stairs.
Fadil saw his father lying across a chair with blood all over him.
I can't believe Fadil did this to me.
Can you talk? Who did this to you?
Fadil died later that day.
Fadil must move out of the home.
People suspected Fadil right away.
Fadil thought he committed the perfect murder.
Threats to freedom of speech, writing and action, though often trivial in isolation, are cumulative in their effect and, unless checked, lead to a general disrespect for the rights of the citizen.
The nationalist not only does not disapprove of atrocities committed by his own side, but he has a remarkable capacity for not even hearing about them.
Nationalism is power-hunger tempered by self-deception.
By "nationalism" I mean first of all the habit of assuming that human beings can be classified like insects and that whole blocks of millions or tens of millions of people can be confidently labelled "good" or "bad." But secondly — and this is much more important — I mean the habit of identifying oneself with a single nation or other unit, placing it beyond good and evil and recognizing no other duty than that of advancing its interests.
Allegedly every language is learnable.
He gave blood in order to save his sister.
Not in my garden.
He wanted to participate in the competition.
Suicide is punishable by death.
Science is only one half. The other half is believing.
Was John Brown a terrorist or a freedom fighter?
Suicide attempts are punishable by death.
Attempting to commit suicide is punishable by death.
France is training eagles to intercept drones.
The rioters burned about half a dozen cars.
Several shops were vandalized.
Seven earthlike planets have been discovered orbiting a star about light years away.
TRAPPIST-is an ultra-cool dwarf star.
Seven earthlike planets have been discovered orbiting a dwarf star about light years away.
You place me in a difficult position.
Don't be so pretentious.
I will take that as a yes.
She sounded a little angry.
Tom sounded a little angry.
The traffic was backed up for miles.
It took Tom days to track down the problem.
I'll pick you up around seven.
You're blushing like a schoolgirl.
I was outraged by her accusations.
Tom was outraged by Mary's accusations.
I feel sad, but I don't know why.
I had rough day today.
Mary wrote down her feelings in her diary.
I could lose a few kilos.
I could lose a few pounds.
Would you want to live forever?
You sure know how to show a girl a good time.
It's the third time you've been late this week.
She has no idea what she's talking about.
Aren't you going to introduce me?
I could never forget that.
I hadn't laughed like that in a very long time.
If you've got a problem, I'd like to know what it is.
Maybe someday you'll understand that.
I haven't laughed like that in years.
I haven't laughed like that in a long time.
But what if she says no?
But what if he says no?
The first time is always the hardest.
I don't intend to do that again.
Come with me, Tom. I've got an idea.
I don't want to worry him.
I don't want to worry her.
You should talk to her and tell her how you feel.
The bear is black.
I don't want to worry them.
You can't keep doing this.
Fadil can't tolerate broken promises.
Fadil had a 16-year-old sister.
Some young women are attracted to gang members because it looks exciting to them.
Some young women are attracted to bad boys.
Fadil and Layla fell madly in love.
You're absolutely beautiful.
There was an instant attraction between Fadil and Layla.
Fadil rented a hotel room.
Layla was very bad at choosing a decent partner.
Layla's second husband commited suicide.
Layla was an independent woman with disastrous marriages behind her.
Fadil was running a busy hotel.
Fadil ended up in the firing line.
Layla's love turned to revenge.
Fadil was a young man with a bright future ahead of him.
Fadil grew up on the wrong side of the tracks.
This was a murder for money.
In July 2004, Fadil was sentenced to years in jail.
Fadil set Layla's body on fire.
The only remorse Fadil showed was for the fact he was caught.
It took a national TV campaign to finally track Fadil down.
Fadil stayed on the run for two years.
Fadil eventually told the whole story.
Fadil told the whole story.
Fadil can't lie very well.
There was no evidence connecting Fadil to the crime.
Fadil was brought into the police station and questioned.
This is the job of a professional hitman.
Fadil was a professional hitman.
Fadil's body was partially burned with gasoline.
Fadil wanted to incinerate Layla's body.
Fadil bought acid to destroy Layla's body.
Getting rid of a body is very complicated.
We're just moving a few things to our new home.
The two of them carried Fadil's body.
Fadil forced Layla to help dispose of Rami's body.
Fadil searched Layla's body for all the valuables.
Fadil fell down like a baby.
Fadil didn't want to have a face-to-face confrontation with Rami.
You have to have absolutely no feelings.
You have a very cold heart.
Fadil had no idea that Layla was waiting for him with a gun.
Fadil went down to the basement.
Fadil told Layla to follow him downstairs.
Fadil played out his well-rehearsed role.
Go help Fadil.
Fadil went to the basement.
Does anyone else know you're here?
Fadil arrived at Layla's home on the promise of a sexual adventure.
Fadil did a good amount of planning for this murder.
Fadil had a more deadly plan.
Fadil wanted to get some money from Layla.
Fadil wanted to scare Layla.
Can Fadil get a gun for us?
Fadil convinced Layla to get him a gun.
Sami conned Layla into loaning him dollars.
Fadil swapped good grades with street gangs.
Layla repaid Sami with sex.
It was an offer too good for Fadil to refuse.
How about a threesome?
Fadil asked for the money back.
Fadil expected his cash back.
Instead of using the money to pay back Fadil, Layla gave it to her boyfriend.
Layla knew that Fadil was a warm-hearted generous person.
Layla played Fadil as a violin.
Layla wanted to get a dollars out of Fadil.
Fadil had a sting in mind.
Fadil recruited Layla to help.
Fadil had no idea that Layla had a boyfriend.
Layla had a gang boyfriend.
Layla saw Fadil as a patsy with a wallet.
Fadil came from Egypt and he worked hard.
Fadil thinks he has found the answer.
The gang became Fadil's family.
Fadil was Rami's new associate.
Fadil thought Layla was listening.
Fadil had a near-perfect life growing up.
Fadil was trying to do the very best that he could.
Fadil and Layla were arrested for dealing cocain.
Fadil taught Layla everything he knew.
Sami started to cross over to a more dangerous style of life.
Fadil got involved in drug trade.
Fadil's grades dropped.
Fadil started skipping school.
Fadil and Layla's attraction to each other was enormously intense.
Fadil and Layla exchanged more than a thousand love letters.
One day we shall be married.
You always tell me that.
Fadil was keeping a secret.
I'm married and I have children.
That was the complicating factor.
I have said that to you because I love you.
Fadil chose to reveal the truth.
Fadil's family has come to town.
Fadil and Layla are living right next door to Rami's hotel.
To Layla, Fadil is a devoted husband.
Fadil gave Layla a sleeping potion.
Fadil drugged Layla.
Fadil made love to Layla all night.
For seven years, Fadil lived his dream life.
Fadil was having an affair with Layla.
Fadil had an affair with Layla for seven years.
Layla was tired of being the other woman.
Tell your wife about me.
Leave Layla and come to live with me.
Fadil would never leave his wife.
This would end up in a tragedy.
The tragedy that unfolded was bound to happen.
The perfect triangle started to get messy.
Layla hoped Fadil would leave his wife some day.
Fadil was happy to make Layla an honest woman.
Layla found another man.
Fadil convinced Layla to divorce her husband to marry him.
It was another hollow promise.
Fadil stayed with his wife.
Fadil didn't divorce Layla.
Fadil made Layla jump through hoops.
I wouldn't turn my back on Fadil.
Fadil fired and missed.
Fadil was convinced that Layla no longer wanted to kill him.
This set Fadil into a state of frenzy.
Fadil will get his revenge.
Fadil was an uninvited guest.
Fadil showed his wife much affection.
Fadil approached, pulled his gun out and fired once into Rami's heart.
When the time came to kill, Fadil didn't hesitate.
Fadil shot Rami in front of his wife.
Fadil wanted the world to see that he was killing Layla.
Fadil wanted to be arrested.
Fadil got Layla to do what he wanted.
Fadil got exactly what he deserved.
This case became a national sensation.
Layla was the first immigrant woman sentenced to death.
Fadil had an excessive sexual activity.
Fadil sought revenge by murder.
Layla was ostracized by society.
Fadil was buried in an unmarked grave.
Fadil was madly in love with Layla.
The murder was motivated by revenge.
Fadil got away with murder. Plain and simple.
Visit us online.
It was easy for Fadil to hide his wicked ways.
Fadil was hoping for more than a tea with Layla.
Fadil was looking for a job.
Layla thought Fadil would be an ideal employer.
Fadil was college-educated.
Although Layla was college-educated, she landed a job as a maid.
Layla hoped to work for a wealthy single man.
Fadil ran a successful business.
Fadil owned several luxury cars.
Fadil was a desirable target for Layla because of his wealth.
Fadil and Layla became friends, then they became lovers.
Layla played into Sami's loneliness and seduced him.
Fadil put his skills to use.
Fadil put his business studies to use.
Fadil trusted Layla to do the right thing.
Fadil had a plan and he was very patient.
Fadil started transfering Layla's house into his name.
Within a few months, Fadil controlled every aspect of Layla's life.
Layla got Fadil's house in her name.
Fadil was able to manipulate and deceive Layla.
Fadil saw Layla as a sweet woman.
Fadil used Layla's money to buy a home.
Fadil wanted to do that without Layla.
Fadil fell for his housekeeper Layla.
Fadil trusted Layla completely.
Layla cooked Fadil dinner.
Fadil used a powerful sedative to drug Layla.
Layla prepared Fadil his favorite meal.
It tastes good.
Layla cooked Fadil his favorite meal.
That was Fadil's final act of love for Layla.
To burn the house down, Fadil used industrial quantities of kerosene and paper.
Fadil and Layla sent each other text messages.
Fadil sent Layla a goodnight text message.
Fadil was drugged and helpless.
Fadil drove to his own home.
Fadil's home was just five minutes away.
The fire was quickly spotted.
Fadil is in the house.
Fadil talks too much.
Talking about murder before a body is found is quite weird.
Fadil might be dead.
Police soon established it wasn't an accidental fire.
The police were able to determine that an accelerant was used in the fire.
Fadil tried to make the police's work easy.
Fadil gave the police the name of a suspect.
How much does Fadil owe you?
Fadil named a suspect.
Fadil had an ironclad alibi.
Fadil's plan was his downfall.
Fadil wanted what Layla had.
Fadil is a heartless sociopath.
Fadil is a user and abuser of women.
Layla looked innocent but she was dangerous to love.
Layla taught Fadil the price of breaking promises.
Layla burned Fadil alive for his money.
Fadil turned his hate on the innocent.
Fadil went to extremes to cover up his greed.
Fadil began to dismember Layla's body.
Fadil was looking for ways to feed his drug habit.
Fadil has one thing on his mind: revenge.
Fadil craved notoriety.
Layla was a part-time beautician.
Fadil was engaged in a lot of criminal activities.
Fadil swore like a sailor.
We've got a pair.
It's one of the oldest tricks in the book.
All transit passangers should proceed to the "Departures Hall".
I'm a music producer.
I produce music.
I got to the bank and luckily didn't have to get in line.
Dad just now went out.
This morning, I was very lazy and didn't go out.
You have my respect for your ability to see your own enterprise from the outside and for operating within ordinary human and moral limits.
Fadil had a criminal mind.
They are Third World people and they're trying to turn our country into a Third World country.
Layla shared Fadil's hardline views.
Jim was upset for the number of immigrants coming from Mexico.
Jim Smith's party was even further to the right.
The two part episode's cliffhanger had me in suspense.
I can verify that that's the truth myself.
You think adding a little salt will make it taste much better?
Does the heating work in the winter?
He who defends everything defends nothing.
The doctor was giving a patient a checkup.
If a person doesn't have a strong will, he will be unable to embrace profound wisdom.
Cuba is located in the Americas.
This is a serious medicine.
Every morning, the corridor was swept clean.
A clear conscience is an extraordinarily soft pillow.
When one is in difficulty and comports themselves well, that is a master.
I love you, but you don't know everything.
I'm running a little short on time, so I can only go out and buy flat bread and bread sticks.
You sing with a voice as clear as the waters of the Pacific Ocean.
I have a frog in my throat.
I've got some things to take care of.
See anything you like?
I'm just shy.
You can't tell me what to do!
Nobody knows who's in charge.
No one seems to know who's in charge.
You can't cheat fate.
Tom checked the answering machine for messages.
This code wasn't written very well.
"Would you like tea or coffee?" "Neither."
This code needs to be rewritten.
You will get an interesting book if you go to Comhairle nan Leabhraichean.
We made a lot of progress when we went to that French class.
The moment that Harris comes into view is the best part of the ferry trip.
I'm going to go for a walk around town in an hour and a half. Would anyone like to come with?
I ran into a policeman but he didn't notice me at all.
This is a good song.
All workers are required to disrobe and enter the delousing chamber.
Even my henchmen think I'm crazy.
Capybaras absolutely love watermelon.
Tom has never failed to give me emotional support.
After a week, we received a letter from Tom's sister.
My wife is worried.
He went to the Takasu clinic.
My father forbade me from having a pet cat.
The ruins are worth a visit.
I appreciate Tom's personality.
He'll win.
She was abandoned.
The boy is learning to read and write.
Not only English is spoken here, but also Russian.
In Russia and Germany, people work eight hours a day.
Everyone should know that.
Come here! I want to talk to you.
It's really soft.
I have a few things to take care of.
Who's your favorite music artist?
What do you like to do for fun?
Tom was drinking coffee in a disposable styrofoam cup.
Tom is agnostic.
The Spanish eat a bit late.
Such is the cold in the Alps that the snow there never melts.
Mary is the same age as Tom.
Have you tried this water?
You need to try this cake.
Whom are you looking for?
Don't you know your name?
They won't take you away from me.
Where do you have lunch?
This tree is dead. It needs to be cut down.
Did you guys sing?
Did you sing?
I have a pimple from eating too much chocolate.
It's my dictionary.
In my opinion, the children are tired of swimming.
Not bad!
Mary smiles all the time.
I am without a kingdom.
The sacrificed newborn doesn't fear the tiger.
This product was discontinued due to low sales.
Don't read the comments.
Tom was reluctant to admit it.
He was reluctant to admit it.
She was reluctant to admit it.
Tom began to have second thoughts.
You can't dodge the law forever.
Tom made a sand castle.
Tom's sand castle was destroyed by the tide.
He's coming back tomorrow.
A lot of shit has been happening in my life.
Mary added Tom to her contacts.
The site is growing more in Brazil than in the rest of the world.
Mary subscribed to Tom's channel.
Tom liked Mary's video.
If I were you, I'd call a doctor.
I found this at Goodwill.
Tom catches butterflies with a net.
Tom shaves three times a week.
Tom accompanied Mary to the station to say bon voyage.
Open the door. I know you're in there.
I know you're in there. Open the door.
Open up! I know you're in there!
He always orders the same thing.
She always orders the same thing.
Tom always orders the same thing.
That was not supposed to happen.
Mary, my love!
It's what they all say.
What are your plans for the day?
The president gets most of his information by watching TV.
I saw it on Fox News.
The president said that his comments about what happened in Sweden were based on a report he saw on Fox News.
I think Tom could've done that better.
I think I could've done that better.
I think you could've done that better.
Tom seldom stays out late.
Tom got rid of all the books.
I think that won't work.
Did Tom say anything about who he was with?
I love bargain sales.
The boy accepted the gift her friend gave her for the birthday party.
Tom didn't have any idea how long he'd slept.
The boy was asked to solve a chemical equation on the board.
Maybe someday you'll understand.
Tom became pretty good at it.
I always obey the rules.
I don't believe you're right.
I wonder who'll win.
You should've let me sing.
Who convinced Tom to do that?
Tom is not a big guy.
You're really talented.
Where's the beach?
Here's an example.
You're very arrogant.
Your hair's beautiful.
That's quite shocking.
I explained to Tom why we had to do that.
Tom is currently serving three years in prison.
The portions at this restaurant are generous.
Can you recommend a good hotel in the area?
You're a patient man.
Have I done everything correctly?
I'm going to pretend you didn't say that.
This shouldn't have occurred.
I'm going to pretend that didn't happen.
Can I smoke in here?
I was on the wrong bus.
Tom disappeared three weeks ago.
Tom and Mary met while walking their dogs.
They were none the wiser from their experience‎.
After the lecture, I was none the wiser on the subject.‎
I'll pay you next week.
She has a certain je ne sais quoi.
Shut up and eat.
Do we have everything we need?
I think we have everything we need.
Once Tom gets here with some tools, we'll have everything we need to get this job done.
Tom is checking to see if we have everything we need.
Tom says he has everything he needs.
Tom says he still doesn't have everything he needs.
We finally have everything we need.
We have everything we need already.
We have everything we need to get this job done.
We have everything we need to succeed.
We may not have everything we want, but we have everything we need.
I'll pay you after you get the job done.
What are you going to put here?
What kind of things are you going to buy?
I would like to have a discussion with Mr. Zhang and Mr. Li.
I want to be a computer programmer.
You're coughing, better bring a scarf.
This boy often breaks our window with his ball.
After today, I want to send the manuscript to a publishing house.
No one has seen him recently.
In Japan, it is polite to bow when one meets someone.
She spent a lot of time practicing the piano.
I could eat some beef noodle soup, or some reheated rice with soybean paste like that, no problem.
My jaws have returned to their usual English expression of subdued agony and intense gloom.
"The king was advised that torture was the surest way to discover the location of the enemy forces. Nevertheless, he was reluctant to resort to such a method." "Yes, because we all know how squeamish people (especially kings) were in the Middle Ages about torture."
No one could guess why that thing had happened to him.
Yesterday I stayed home, since I had absolutely no desire to go out.
I really like to buy books.
Who's coming with us?
Call a cab!
Could you call a cab?
"Have you ever taught French?" "Yes, I've taught private classes."
How were the classes?
Many people think that studying several languages is impossible.
My imagination is limitless.
My imagination is without limit.
I don't feel well in churches.
What have you done to me?
What have you guys done to me?
"Remove the red wire." "I've removed it. Now what?"
Studying languages is incredible.
PHP is a bit complicated.
It's a shame we only have one life to do so many things.
You guys really could help, don't you think?
Who is she really?
Could you help me, sir?
Are you really okay?
Where's my stuff?
What's this line for?
I'm afraid of hospitals.
I like listening to music while I'm translating something.
Was he French?
Was it French?
She was wearing blue.
Tom speaks German perfectly.
Thanks for the tea.
What bus do I take to get to the subway station?
Did she tell you anything else?
How did you happen to end up there?
She's wearing an orange dress.
I'd like to remain anonymous.
Tomorrow is Sunday, isn't it?
This poem was written by an anonymous poet.
I miss you so much that I'm crying.
Where's the cash?
I have to go myself.
I think we've bought everything we need.
You're behaving like a spoiled brat.
I knew I'd find you.
Many American ex-convicts make a new life in Mexico.
Layla is pregnant and guess who the father is.
Fadil soon showed his true colors.
After a few months of dating, Fadil's true colors emerged.
Fadil showed his true colors. He was a coward.
The color is spectacular.
Fadil looked to take advantage of Layla.
Tom was tired but happy.
Mary said that she was tired, but happy.
I don't understand why this isn't working.
Tom lied under oath.
How did that get in here?
I'll save you all.
I bet everyone is waiting.
He's a student.
Don't think of an elephant.
He came to greet me.
Come before six if want to have dinner.
The months come and go.
They come from various countries.
This boot is crap because it's from China.
My suffering is due to life’s miseries.
When is dad coming back from his vacations?
I have been eating pizza every day.
My brother ended up becoming a priest.
You got me there.
I'm young, but I'm not stupid.
Miss, these roses have been delivered to you.
When the cat's away, the mice come out and jump up and down on the table.
The thing about cheese is that no extraterrestrials have ever consumed it.
A hippopotamus can bite a person in half, which is an uncommon ability for a guinea pig.
Bigfoot didn't much care for Tom or his brownies.
How come only girls get to be vampire slayers? That's so sexist!
Sadly, Noah's ark was not an adequate environment for dragons, dinosaurs and unicorns.
I want a pint of beer.
You took a lot of that medicine and you're not looking so good.
Thanks to genetic engineering, there are now penguins that swim in lava.
You just put a toy down on the table.
Tom, I want to have a chat with you.
Scientists have created a forcefield that only repels spitballs.
Cats and dogs yawn for different reasons.
We're going to hire the most famous makeup artist for our cast's makeup.
I've never been able to wrap my brain around the electron configuration for chromium.
Can Superman's x-ray vision see through adamantium?
I'm glad baboons aren't human.
I've often wondered what species of mammal has the most teats.
Never trust a policeman with fecal matter on his badge.
Mary's main claim to fame was her discovery of the largest coprolite to ever be discovered.
If a tribble and a Klingon fought to the death, who would win?
Sorry, but "What is two plus two?" is not an example of a hypothetical question.
Only if you put up a different sign can you become a miscellany store.
It's just that because he hasn't made something of himself, his father won't look at him.
Mary claims she couldn't care less, but I bet she could.
Humans are not at the top of the food chain. After all, lions eat people, but people don't eat lions.
Does the Easter bunny actually lay eggs, and if so, are they chocolate?
I can't tell the difference between sharks and rabbits.
There is nothing that can't be accomplished by an infinite number of cats.
The Danish word "gift" means both married and poison.
Bread is "pain" in French.
Tom was flabbergasted when he discovered his name means "empty" in Danish.
What exactly are flying sex snakes?
That spider needs a haircut!
If you think French numbers are complicated, take a look at Danish.
What do you call a group of dragons? A flock?
It's difficult to describe the taste of human flesh.
I want to leave so badly that I'd even let tiny domesticated horses drag me away.
There are many absurd things in this world, but peanut butter is not one of them.
Having realized seven of the eight objectives on her bucket list, Mary was not overly upset by her untimely death.
It's very far from here.
Far more people fear snakes than hummingbirds. This will soon change.
If you come to Brazil, be sure to try the pizza.
Will there one day be a separate periodic table for dark matter?
If the fourth dimension is time, does that mean that pushing a spoiled apple in a certain direction in the fourth dimension will turn it into a fresh apple?
If penguins ever learn to fly, we'll be in serious trouble.
My doctor told me to pee in a cup, but I got confused and peed in his ashtray.
After the Singularity, we will all have nine dimensional sex organs.
Only people who play Minecraft know what zombie pigmen are.
Until recently, there was a store that sold gallon jugs of human saliva, but the health department shut them down.
Giraffes have enormous buttocks, perhaps smaller than those of elephants, but relative to body size, they are far more impressive.
Layla didn't have blood in her veins. She had ice.
It's uncommon to come across ten-pound boxes of nutmeg, so be sure to grab as many as you can when you do.
Fadil can get away with anything.
Fadil was born in Waco, Texas.
Fadil was comfortable mixing with high society.
Fadil was a master manipulator of people and this started when he was a young boy.
Fadil ended the relationship.
Fadil was shot and his diamonds disappeared.
Fadil was soon caught and confessed to the murder.
Fadil assaulted Layla.
Fadil committed suicide after finding Layla in bed with another man.
Fadil's suicide didn't affect Layla.
Fadil moved to Cairo.
Fadil traveled from state to state.
Fadil caught Layla with another man.
Fadil found Layla in bed with someone else.
Fadil instinctively did it.
Fadil became a father.
Fadil has always wanted more.
Fadil wanted Layla to marry him.
Fadil wanted a lover, not a wife.
Fadil was just forty years old.
Fadil murdered Layla for profit.
Fadil was indicted by the grand jury and went to trial.
Fadil thought he could do it again.
Fadil sent Layla letters but they were unanswered.
Fadil bragged about the killings to his fellow inmates.
Fadil got early release on parole.
Fadil spent two decades in jail.
Fadil sensed he had made a mistake by hiring Layla.
Fadil left Layla in the house.
Fadil was getting better and better as the months went on.
I don't understand why cats are so terrified of cucumbers. Perhaps they know something we don't.
Fadil's past quickly caught up.
Fadil faced his third murder trial.
Fadil killed himself by jumping off an 8-storey building.
Fadil died a very violent death.
Fadil was beaten then strangled.
Fadil has a lot to be thankful for.
Fadil earns a six-figure salary.
Fadil groomed and raised horses in southern Arizona.
Fadil hired Layla to help him on the property.
Fadil was making an effort to share Layla's passions.
Fadil seemed to be a very mild-mannered man.
Fadil was interested in horses.
They say the best fertilizer is manure, so I bought a shitload of it.
Layla was a charming woman.
Fadil was lucky to escape with his life.
Tom can come.
I may do that.
Tom can read.
We're both OK.
Tom is not in.
We're buddies.
Tom sued Mary.
We're related.
Maybe it's Tom.
We both agreed.
Who's the boss?
Tom is a loner.
I might do that.
Tom lies a lot.
I should retire.
I'm Tom Jackson.
I won the prize.
Tom was driving.
I'm not pleased.
Tom became irate.
I've done a lot.
Tom headed south.
You look scared.
Tom loved skiing.
I voted for that.
Tom can come, too.
I'm baking bread.
Tom enjoys school.
I'm not a singer.
Tom gossips a lot.
I've been chosen.
Tom likes sausage.
You look unhappy.
Tom might be dead.
You sound scared.
Tom startled Mary.
I got mugged, too.
Tom used an alias.
I need a good job.
Tom enjoyed school.
I often work late.
Tom is a cat lover.
I play chess, too.
Tom is a crude man.
I still need help.
Tom is a cruel man.
I study very hard.
Tom is a historian.
I was mugged, too.
Tom is a policeman.
I'll be done soon.
Tom is but a child.
I'll be safe here.
Tom is buying food.
I'll come at 2:30.
Tom is in jail now.
I'll get it fixed.
Tom isn't my uncle.
I'll have to wait.
Tom just went home.
I'll need surgery.
Tom wanted to help.
I'll pay for this.
Tom was a diplomat.
I'll probably win.
Tom went out alone.
I'll win for sure.
Tom went with Mary.
I'm feeling woozy.
Tom won't be there.
You should retire.
I talk to Tom a lot.
You sound worried.
I want Tom to do it.
You've done a lot.
I'm braver than Tom.
I made that myself.
I'm counting on Tom.
I may just do that.
Tom came back later.
I need a challenge.
Tom can't hear Mary.
I need an umbrella.
Tom had a black eye.
I need to buy time.
Tom has no brothers.
I play tennis, too.
Tom is a tour guide.
I put on my helmet.
Tom is at a meeting.
I rarely get angry.
Tom is fat and ugly.
I taught in Boston.
Tom is never around.
I took another sip.
Tom is now studying.
I voted for myself.
Tom is on the train.
I want a telescope.
Tom is quite honest.
I want answers now.
Tom isn't penniless.
I want to be liked.
Tom likes to gamble.
I want to be loved.
Tom sang and danced.
I want to fix that.
Tom shot and missed.
I want to see that.
Tom told me nothing.
Do you understand Spanish?
Do you understand Portuguese?
Do you understand Italian?
She knows it's her obligation.
She knows that that's your duty.
How many Toms do you know?
How many people do you know named Tom?
How many people named Tom do you know?
How many people do you know who are named Tom?
Is Tom your real first name?
There are two ways to deal with difficulties: either you change what's difficult, or you change yourself.
You'll soon be able to speak French well enough to travel in French-speaking countries.
Tom got some money from Mary and went to the supermarket to buy what she wanted him to buy.
I usually only eat a piece of toast and drink a cup of coffee for breakfast.
Tom wanted to meet Mary's family, but Mary didn't think that would be a good idea.
There was nothing I could really do to prevent this from happening.
Tom has been in love with Mary since they were both in elementary school together.
French isn't as difficult to learn as a lot of people think it is.
The police searched Tom's house for three hours, but they couldn't find anything.
Nothing we could've done would've prevented this from happening.
Tom told me that Mary was the one who stole my bicycle, but I don't believe him.
I'm tired of being the one who has to do everything around here.
Tom said he didn't think he'd ever be able to convince Mary to go out with him.
I usually listen to a radio station that plays classical music.
Tom isn't the only one who doesn't have enough money to buy something to eat.
I still have the bicycle my father gave me when I was thirteen.
Tom had no idea that Mary was planning to stay in Boston for three more days.
I still don't know what time I'm supposed to be there tomorrow.
Tom has been sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole.
I don't understand why you don't want to go to Boston with us.
Tom explained to us why he wasn't planning on attending tomorrow's meeting.
French isn't as hard to learn as a lot of people think it is.
Tom and Mary plan to get married as soon as they both graduate from college.
Everybody was worried that something bad was going to happen.
Nobody knew it was Tom who donated three million dollars to the orphanage.
Mr. Jackson was my French teacher when I was in high school.
Tom's parents died in an automobile accident when he was three years old.
It'll cost us a lot of money to put a new roof on our house.
Tom told Mary that he could speak French even though he really couldn't.
I thinks it's great that you are able to do what you wanted.
Tom texted Mary to let her know that he was going to be late for dinner.
Everybody was afraid that something bad was going to happen.
Just because Tom said he didn't do it doesn't mean that he didn't do it.
I might be the only one here who doesn't understand French.
Tom says he's tired of being the one who always has to make decisions.
Those boys over there speaking in French are in my class.
Just because Tom said he didn't do that doesn't mean he didn't do that.
I still remember the time you and I tried bungee jumping.
Tom was completely devastated when he heard that Mary had been killed.
I still don't understand exactly what I'm supposed to do.
Tom told Mary that she should learn how to play a musical instrument.
I don't like Chinese food as much as I like Mexican food.
Tom knows better than to do that without asking for permission first.
You still haven't done everything you're supposed to do.
Tom and Mary dated each other for about three months a few years ago.
I went to the store to buy what I needed to make dinner.
Tom was convinced that the food he had just eaten had been poisoned.
I don't think there's any chance that our team will win.
Tom just couldn't resist teasing Mary about the way she was dressed.
I'm not the type of person who asks a lot of questions.
Tom may be a bit stupid, but he's not as stupid as you think he is.
I'll have you all speaking fluent French within a year.
Tom knew he didn't need to do what Mary told him needed to be done.
I wish I could speak French as well as my teacher does.
It must've been difficult for Tom to live with someone like that.
You're the best French speaker in our office, I think.
Tom used the money he stole from Mary to buy himself a new bicycle.
Why aren't you doing what you're supposed to be doing?
Tom said he didn't think he'd be able to do that without any help.
Doing that shouldn't take us more than thirty minutes.
Tom isn't as difficult to get along with as many people say he is.
We have don't get many opportunities to speak French.
Tom is not very likely to finish writing the report before Monday.
The doctor said that I should stay in bed for a week.
Tom didn't know that Mary was going to be at the party last night.
I still don't make enough money to support my family.
Tom was at his ex-wife's house at the time his wife was murdered.
I still don't know why you asked me to be here today.
Tom is married to a woman who's young enough to be his daughter.
You might be the only one here who can speak French.
The police believe that Tom was involved in last week's robbery.
You don't seem very worried about what might happen.
I'll tell Tom what needs to be done the next time I talk to him.
Many people drive over the speed limit on this road.
Unfortunately, Tom isn't the one who has the final say on this.
I wouldn't want to try doing that without some help.
Tom was mad at me because I wouldn't do what he asked me to do.
I want to be able to speak French as well as you do.
Tom wanted to help, but Mary told him she didn't need his help.
Are you still interested in going to Boston with us?
Tom told me he first met Mary in Boston when he was a teenager.
You'll soon be able to do that without any trouble.
Tom probably doesn't speak French as well as you think he does.
You'll all be speaking fluent French within a year.
Tom knew that if he needed anything, Mary would buy it for him.
You'll all be speaking French fluently pretty soon.
Tom is married to a woman who's three years younger than he is.
You still don't understand what's going on, do you?
Tom and Mary talked about how they should handle the situation.
You look like you don't understand what's going on.
Tom wasn't able to get everything done that needed to be done.
You didn't seem very happy the last time I saw you.
Tom told Mary that he was going to show her some old pictures.
When I first moved to Boston, I didn't know anyone.
Tom told Mary he wanted to stay in Boston for a few more days.
They told me that I was overqualified for this job.
Tom texted Mary to let her know that he had arrived in Boston.
The doctor told me that I should lose a few pounds.
Tom said that he's looking forward to spending time with Mary.
Our family didn't have a dog when I was growing up.
Tom made it clear that he didn't want to go to Boston with us.
I was sitting over there on that bench all morning.
Tom isn't the kind of person who would do something like that.
I was afraid that something like this might happen.
Tom did his best to persuade Mary to go to the dance with him.
I think my girlfriend is better looking than yours.
Tom and Mary soon realized that they shouldn't have done that.
I still haven't done everything you asked me to do.
Tom was waiting for Mary in front of the library all morning.
Are there any French-speaking doctors working here?
Tom was gagged and tied to a chair when the police found him.
You can't really be as mean as people say you are.
Tom texted Mary to let her know that he was going to be late.
This is the third time you've been late this week.
Tom picked his toys up off the floor and put them in the box.
I'm just a little worried about what might happen.
Tom knew that he wasn't going to get home in time for dinner.
I wonder if that was really the right thing to do.
Tom is the one who took care of my dog while I was in Boston.
I usually try to sit in the back of the classroom.
Tom is planning to take the first flight to Boston on Monday.
I usually go out with my friends on Friday nights.
Tom gets angry when people don't do what they say they'll do.
I got paid a lot less for the job that I expected.
Tom checked Mary's pulse to see whether she was alive or not.
I can stay with you for as long as you want me to.
Tom asked Mary if she was planning to go to Boston with John.
I applied for a job at the company where you work.
The age difference between Tom and Mary is about three years.
You still need to fill out this application form.
Tom wasn't the only one who wanted to leave the party early.
You still haven't done what I've asked you to do.
Tom was mad at me because I wouldn't go out with his sister.
You still have to fill out this application form.
Tom tiptoed across the room so he wouldn't wake up the baby.
Nobody can stop us from doing what we want to do.
Tom tiptoed across the room so he wouldn't wake the baby up.
My father was never around when I was growing up.
Tom slowly turned the doorknob and entered the room quietly.
My father can speak French better than my mother.
Tom said he'd be willing to do anything Mary asks him to do.
I was in the garden all afternoon, pulling weeds.
Tom offered Mary thirty dollars to help him clean his house.
I tried the coat on, but it was too large for me.
Tom knew he didn't have to do anything Mary asked him to do.
I think it's great that you're able to do that.
Tom is looking for somebody to teach French to his children.
I still don't really understand what's happening.
Tom asked Mary if she was planning to work on Christmas Day.
I don't understand why you don't want to do that.
Do you really think it was Tom who gave Mary that black eye?
Did you find anything that needs to be corrected?
Tom wished he had more time to do things with his children.
You're very good at speaking French, aren't you?
Tom wasn't the only one who said he didn't agree with Mary.
You're likely not to even notice any difference.
Tom was walking so fast that we couldn't catch up with him.
You didn't do that as well as I expected you to.
Tom was stupid enough to believe what Mary said about John.
Would you go to Boston if you had the chance to?
Tom was smart enough to realize that he shouldn't be there.
What you did was exactly what needed to be done.
Tom told Mary that he wasn't going to go to Boston with us.
I'm still not all that interested in doing that.
Tom told Mary that he was going to show her how to do that.
I don't speak French well enough to do that job.
Tom spent the whole night worrying about what might happen.
You're likely not to even taste any difference.
Tom sent money to help Mary pay for her mother's operation.
You'll probably get hurt if you do it that way.
Tom says he's tired of trying to convince Mary to help him.
You would've loved the restaurant where we ate.
Tom made sure everybody knew what they were supposed to do.
You might be the only one here who can do that.
Tom lost his mother and father when he was three years old.
Were you able to do what you were trying to do?
Tom is the only one who knows the combination for the safe.
We often have barbecue parties in our backyard.
Tom didn't know that Mary had broken up with her boyfriend.
It looks like you're pretty good at doing that.
Tom and Mary talked about how to best handle the situation.
I've heard that you're planning to retire soon.
Tom admitted that he was the one who stole Mary's bracelet.
I've heard that you're good at speaking French.
I'm pretty sure that Tom won't like what's going to happen.
I'm still not used to the way things work here.
When I first met Tom, I thought he was a little obnoxious.
I'm still not happy with how things worked out.
Tom was afraid of what might happen to him and his family.
I'm still not happy with how things turned out.
Tom wants to find a place to live close to where he works.
I'm looking forward to going swimming with you.
Tom quietly turned the doorknob and tiptoed into the room.
I usually eat a couple of sandwiches for lunch.
Tom needs to talk to someone who's able to understand him.
I still need to fill out this application form.
Tom isn't the only one here who knows how to speak French.
I still have to fill out this application form.
Tom is unlikely to tell you the truth about what happened.
I still don't know who I'm supposed to talk to.
Tom has been teaching Mary's children how to speak French.
I'm not Swiss.
I am not Swiss.
The wolf ate a big piece of chalk, and its voice became more delicate.
This is an analytic language.
This is a synthetic language.
This language has many cases.
This language has many cases, but they are very regular.
This language has few cases, but they are very irregular.
This language is highly inflectional.
A proto-language is the common ancestor of a group of languages or dialects.
Academics are still debating as to the location of the Proto-Indo-European urheimat.
I would love to know what Proto-Indo-European sounded like.
If you could travel back in time, to what period would you go?
If you could travel to any moment in time, to what period would you go?
We don't hire women.
Irish need not apply.
Intolerance can be found across the political spectrum.
You want to outlaw child labor? What are you, a Communist?
Violence leads to more violence.
The state has a monopoly on legitimate violence.
The far left and far right are more alike than you'd think.
I don't eat Chinese food as often as I used to.
Tom did his best to persuade Mary to babysit his children.
I bought a bottle of wine to take to the party.
I'm the one who's going to have to do that if Tom doesn't.
Do you really think we shouldn't be doing this?
Was Tom really telling the truth about how that happened?
You still haven't done what I asked you to do.
Was Tom really surprised or was he just pretending to be?
I'm still not happy with how things are going.
Tom was smart enough not to do what Mary asked him to do.
I'm looking forward to going sailing with you.
Tom was sitting on the bench over there not too long ago.
I worked really hard to get this done on time.
Tom tried to persuade Mary to help him with his homework.
I was an accountant before I became a teacher.
Tom said that the door was open already when he got here.
I usually get to work about ten minutes early.
Tom may be rich, but he's not as rich as you think he is.
I usually eat a bowl of oatmeal for breakfast.
Tom didn't have anything to do with Mary's disappearance.
I still have some questions I want to ask you.
I still don't understand exactly what Tom wants us to do.
I still have some questions I need to ask you.
I don't play table tennis with Tom as often as I used to.
I played the violin when I was in high school.
I didn't wake Tom up this morning like I was supposed to.
I only lived in Boston for about three months.
Tom was angry because I didn't help him paint the fence.
I only listen to heavy metal when I'm driving.
Tom waited for Mary in front of the library all morning.
I only had three dollars with me at that time.
Tom tends to get angry when people don't agree with him.
I normally don't make these kinds of mistakes.
Tom said that he was going to buy some flowers for Mary.
I lived in Boston for only about three months.
Tom probably thinks that what he's doing is a good idea.
I didn't want to do that, but I had no choice.
Tom may not be the only one here who understands French.
I can't tell you the reason why that happened.
Tom is very likely going to be hungry when he gets home.
You don't seem to be very worried about that.
Tom has been secretly in love with Mary for a long time.
Would you go to Boston if you had the chance?
Tom didn't know that Mary was studying French with John.
I'm still not entirely comfortable with this.
Tom did his best to catch up with the rest of the class.
I'm looking forward to going skiing with you.
Tom dated my mother before she got married to my father.
I'm going to watch the baseball game tonight.
Tom and Mary send each other text messages all the time.
I wouldn't complain about that if I were you.
I think we should try doing the same thing Tom is doing.
I watched anxiously to see what might happen.
I didn't tell Tom why I wasn't going to be at his party.
I usually don't make these kinds of mistakes.
Tom wrote to Mary to tell her what had happened to him.
I usually don't get up until noon on Sundays.
Tom went back to the office to get something he forgot.
I unlocked the door and walked into the room.
Tom was the only one in the classroom when I got there.
I think that you're doing that the wrong way.
Tom was the one who suggested that we visit the castle.
I think I have what it takes to be a manager.
Tom wants to find an apartment close to where he works.
I still don't understand what the problem is.
Tom told Mary he wanted her to stay in Boston with him.
I still don't have enough money to buy a house.
Tom thought Mary was the prettiest girl he'd ever seen.
I prefer to sit in the back of the classroom.
Tom speaks French better than anyone else in the class.
I only knew how to speak French at that time.
Tom says he has something he needs to discuss with you.
I only have one picture of great-grandmother.
Tom refused to do anything his parents asked him to do.
I might be the only one here who can do that.
Tom knew better than to tell that kind of joke to Mary.
I like Chinese food better than Mexican food.
Tom isn't disciplined enough to do something like that.
You're the kind of person I'd like to marry.
Tom isn't as good a guitar player as I thought he'd be.
You didn't seem to enjoy the concert very much.
Tom is so gullible he'll believe anything you tell him.
Would you mind helping me write this report?
Tom hasn't changed a bit since the last time I saw him.
We have a lot of good teachers working here.
Tom had no idea that Mary couldn't speak French at all.
This is a much higher price than I expected.
Tom checked Mary's pulse to see if she was still alive.
There's only one thing we still need to buy.
I'm sure that Tom is just hungry as the rest of us are.
It was so dark that I couldn't see anything.
I usually eat lunch with Tom two or three times a week.
It looks like you're trying to grow a beard.
Tom wasn't the only one who didn't have enough to eat.
I'm reading the novel you gave me last week.
Tom wants to find a place to live close to the campus.
I'm not yet accustomed to this cold weather.
Tom told me that he thought I should lose some weight.
I'm looking forward to seeing you in Boston.
Tom told Mary that he didn't want her to talk to John.
I was the one who stole Mary's diamond ring.
Tom told Mary he was planning to go camping with John.
I wanted to be the one who did that for you.
Tom still doesn't think this is the right thing to do.
I usually use a credit card instead of cash.
Tom shouted as loud as he could, but nobody heard him.
I usually eat lunch in the school cafeteria.
Tom said that he was going to go camping next weekend.
I unlocked the cage and let the rabbits out.
Tom said that he might want to try doing that someday.
I think I've already given you enough money.
Tom said he didn't think he'd ever be able to do that.
I still don't know where I'm supposed to go.
Tom quietly opened the door and tiptoed into the room.
I still don't have enough money to buy that.
Tom lives in the same apartment building as Mary does.
I shouldn't have tried to do that by myself.
Tom is very likely to be very tired when he gets here.
I shouldn't have tried doing that by myself.
Tom is good at giving easy-to-understand explanations.
I always walk to school if it's not raining.
Tom and Mary live in a very beautiful house in Boston.
Did you see anything that needs to be fixed?
I was the one who taught Tom how to play the mandolin.
You still don't know what happened, do you?
I saw Tom and Mary talking to each other this morning.
You look like you're not feeling very well.
I didn't wake Tom up this morning like he asked me to.
You look like you're looking for something.
How long have Tom and Mary been yelling at each other?
We home-schooled all three of our children.
Tom went abroad soon after he graduated from college.
Look what I found at the supermarket today.
Tom wasn't the only one at the party who fell asleep.
I'm the one who's going to have to do that.
Tom tried to talk his way out of the speeding ticket.
I'm not tall enough to reach the top shelf.
Tom left the country the day after Mary went missing.
I'm not pleased with how things turned out.
Tom knew that the police could show up at any minute.
I'm looking forward to doing that with you.
Tom knew that he needed to do something to help Mary.
I won't be able to do that until next week.
Tom isn't the only one who didn't attend the meeting.
I usually wear slippers only in the winter.
Tom isn't as easy to get along with as he used to be.
I think you could've done this by yourself.
Tom is the only one who would do something like that.
I think that's not what we should be doing.
Tom heard some noise, but he wasn't sure what it was.
I taught French in a high school in Boston.
Tom finally got the courage to ask Mary to marry him.
I often wash my hair without using shampoo.
Tom fell in love with Mary the first time he met her.
Do you really think I'm not a good teacher?
Tom didn't know that Mary was going to be here today.
Both you and I should lose a little weight.
Tom didn't have anything to do with the bank robbery.
You've changed a lot since I last saw you.
Tom can speak French almost as well as you and I can.
You might be the only one who can do that.
Tom can either be your best ally or your worst enemy.
You might be the best French speaker here.
Tom and Mary got married three months after they met.
Why do you let people treat you like that?
I'll tell Tom about that the next time I talk to him.
We have few opportunities to speak French.
I still haven't gotten over the shock of Tom's death.
We have a lot of good people working here.
I still have no idea why Tom doesn't want to do that.
Let's go out and eat Chinese food tonight.
What time did Tom say he was leaving in the morning?
I'm not the one who takes out the garbage.
Tom wasn't able to do everything we asked him to do.
I was your babysitter when you were a kid.
Tom was the first man to ever pay attention to Mary.
I usually only eat one or two meals a day.
Tom told me that Mary was the one who told him that.
I usually go home soon after five o'clock.
Tom told me that I didn't have to be there tomorrow.
I usually eat only one or two meals a day.
Tom told Mary that he was going to try to help John.
I think that you're doing the right thing.
Tom thought that Mary would be too busy to help him.
I still think about you from time to time.
Tom says that he wants me to go to Boston with Mary.
I still haven't bought everything we need.
Tom probably thinks that what he's doing is helping.
I still have to finish painting the fence.
Tom made it clear that he wasn't willing to do that.
I still don't understand French very well.
Tom knew that the dog on the porch belonged to Mary.
I sharpened my pencil with my pocketknife.
Tom knew better than to tell Mary that kind of joke.
I haven't finished painting the fence yet.
Tom is wearing a shirt that's way too large for him.
I enjoyed spending the afternoon with you.
Tom has been nice to me, but I still don't like him.
I don't want to drive to Boston by myself.
Tom had to share a bedroom with his younger brother.
I won't be able to do anything for you.
How did you sprain your wrist?
I'm trying to find out why Tom left early.
The stars seem small, but they are large.
My friends hate her, but I love her.
I want to learn Chinese, but the characters are difficult.
Tom was seen by no one, but he himself saw everyone.
She was born into a very religious family.
The bench is wooden.
What's the wifi password?
Tom noticed Mary's look and cracked a smile.
Despite your best efforts, your bureaucratic work was not rewarded.
I think it would be difficult to finish this much work in one day.
I became embarrassed about the matter.
What do you think is the essence of the training?
Read this sentence three times, and while you are sleeping, a ghost will manifest.
I saw a girl wearing yellow toed shoes.
Tom was a huge socialite.
Tom got lost in the Shinjuku station.
Whenever is not now.
It would be good if you could sing.
My father aged remarkably during his convalescence.
I wonder what it would be like to feel refined and elegant like him.
I want to schedule next week's product development meeting. Could you pin down a meeting room for me?
Small changes can make a big difference.
Obesity increases risks of diabetes and heart disease.
It took longer than I thought it would.
Most people choose the default option.
Never underestimate the power of inertia.
It was a lot more work than I expected.
This problem is not merely hypothetical.
I can't remember the last time I had a date.
I can't remember the last time I went on a date.
The human mind often sees patterns where there are none.
Tom is on fire.
Ninety percent of all drivers think they're above average.
Tom switched the phone from one ear to the other.
Students tend to sit in the same seats every class.
That's my seat.
I became friends with Tom because we sat next to each other.
Tom joined the high school band.
I can't remember the last time I laughed this much.
"You'll never get away with this!" "Oh, but I already have. Any last words?"
The squirrel ate all the nuts.
The guests ate all the nuts.
Ulysses asked his men to tie him to the mast.
My shoes hurt.
Tom has a strong connection with nature.
Mary has a strong connection with nature.
Tom ate all the popcorn.
Tom turned off his alarm and went back to sleep.
Tom was not invited to the party.
I only had three dollars with me at the time.
I think that we've bought everything we need.
Do you know how to speak Romanian?
I want to sleep a little bit.
I need to eat something.
I'm going to buy a toy for the child.
Tomorrow we will go to the theater.
Maybe he's busy.
I'm sleeping. Come back tomorrow.
What am I doing? I'm trying to sleep!
They're sleeping like babies.
I want to do something.
Tom got a tax refund.
Tom paid off his credit card debt.
This used to be a cafe.
This used to be a bakery.
This used to be a butcher shop.
This used to be a butcher's shop.
Mary put Tom's drawing on the refrigerator.
Tom hung Mary's drawing on the refrigerator.
She was not exactly impressed.
Tom was not exactly impressed.
She did not seem pleased to see me.
Tom did not seem pleased to see me.
'La La Land' was mistakenly announced as the winner.
Moonlight won the Oscar for Best Picture.
I did it because everyone else did.
Why didn't you come back home?
Do you drink a lot of milk?
Ninety percent of everything is crap.
She plays with you like a cat with a mouse.
Give me your food.
He put his things pell-mell in the bag.
Look at what's happening outside.
The court declared the defendant innocent.
The clock is hung on the wall.
Tom can speak Brazilian Portuguese.
This is a strap.
It's said that Japanese people's strong interest in seasonal climate changes is related to the influence in their thinking of how to effectively cultivate rice.
In all respects, it is believed that this sensitivity was cultivated by the four seasons in their hometown.
Follow that star.
Perhaps I am mistaken.
I prefer blouses made from cotton.
Really? You look so young.
I don't want to fight anymore with Tom.
Would you mind doing the laundry?
I think I'll go home early and cook today.
I think it's about time to get my hair cut.
Really already?
One doesn't only live their life as an individual human, without realizing it, that person lives their life within their era and with the people within that era.
I'm going to stay over at my friends place.
Now I'll do things I've never done before.
He begged for her to come home.
Originality is taking something that already known and combining in a extraordinary way.
What kind of books do you have?
When I was a child, I didn't think that monsters were that scary.
Lately, I often have the heater turn on thirty minutes before I wake up.
It is not easy to skillfully carry out easy tasks.
"I forgot to tell you but, I need sandals so bring them." "Huh? You should have told me earlier."
This elevator doesn't stop at the second or third floors.
Do you have your cell on you?
You have a nice complexion.
I'll pay today.
There's all kinds of people.
Did your trip go well?
I'm going until the airport.
Wait! Don't shoot!
What did you wanna do?
What were you thinking just now?
Don't think aloud!
What faculty were they in again?
Tom is refined.
I'm worried about Tom's life.
I don't believe anyone anymore.
Has anyone ever confessed to you before?
Have you ever drank alcohol before?
I've become sleepy.
I'll make an appearance soon.
Our company has no holidays year round.
I think it's about time we change the subject.
Oh, dear, can you please not disturb me?
A woman's sister can be her closest friend.
Our sisterly bond is everlasting.
Fadil can be either your closest friend or your worst enemy.
The war on drugs has reached our neighborhood.
The truth is even more outrageous.
All you do is lie and steal.
I'm not gonna take care of you for the last of your life.
You've stolen the last dollar from me.
I consider this as the ultimate betrayal.
There was blood spatter everywhere in the room.
You could see blood everywhere.
Killers sometimes dismember their victims.
The murder scene was a bloody mess.
Letters of sympathy kept flooding in.
Police asked questions around the neighborhood.
Police took a closer look at the burnt out house.
Only a sociopath could do something like that.
You make me sick and I don't wanna see you anymore.
The murder looked like a burglary gone wrong.
The police got a tip from an informant.
The book was checked out from our local library.
The verdict is something only a jury can decide.
It's hard for me as a doctor to say that about another doctor, but this is the truth.
There is nothing unusual about teenage sisters fighting.
The side effects of this condition are challenging for a teenager.
This medication is ruining my life.
I feel so fat.
My life is so hard.
I thought this was a good idea.
No one is gonna want to touch me.
Testosterone is the hormone of aggressivity.
Turn the TV off. You're not even watching it.
This is a dangerous state of mind for a man to be in.
It was a cry for help, but it wasn't responded to.
Provoking Fadil was poking a stick at an angry bull.
I've killed my sister.
The charge was reduced to manslaughter.
You'll have to wait until tomorrow.
Such a thing is considered theft and it has to be punished severely.
We don't have anyone of that name here.
The rescue came too late.
There are subcultures within cultures.
There are societies within societies.
I don't want any more beer.
"How much?" "Ten bucks." "You must be joking. I'll give you five."
"Ten bucks." "How about five?"
I'm gonna kill that bitch.
I'll pick up some beer on my way back.
You stole my things.
Electric torture is extraordinarily painful.
It had to be extremely painful.
The torture continued for hours.
The crime was unspeakably violent.
A wife is expected to stand by her man.
Let's move away.
Perth is Australia's Wild West.
I'm so in love with you.
Neighbors reported hearing the children scream.
Diphteria was a common disease at the time.
No one suspected a thing.
Open up your mouth.
Sergeant Jim Smith was given a green light to carry on his torture.
The only way to stop the pain is to stop the source of the pain.
Look at her ass.
Look at that ass.
Where the hell have you been all day?
The house has to be in perfect condition all the time.
You're a drunk.
This won't happen to you again.
What are we doing that for?
This started out as a very passionate relationship.
Your face is your personality.
We're playing a game.
Are you ready for some more?
This is the most violent murder I've ever seen in my career.
We didn't know what else to do.
Even if you're married to a monster, murder is not the way to go.
It's a little hard to take.
Sometimes love is all-consuming.
Sometimes love is forbidden.
Many couples who were in Boston marriages were respected.
Fadil wanted to keep Layla for ever.
We can't stay here any longer.
You're not to leave this house again.
This is only going to make you feel worse.
I'd rather die than be without Fadil.
I don't plan to contribute any more money.
Tom didn't want to follow in his father's footsteps.
I don't eat at home as often as I used to.
Tom didn't want to become an architect like his dad.
I almost always go to bed before midnight.
Tom didn't know about Mary's relationship with John.
Does this mean something bad has happened?
Tom didn't believe Mary when she said she loved him.
Do you know any dentists who speak French?
Tom asked Mary if she was planning to buy a new car.
Would you mind showing me how to do that?
Tom and Mary have been dating on and off for a year.
Why didn't you go to Boston last weekend?
Tom and Mary have been dating off and on for a year.
We should do the same thing you're doing.
There's no reason Tom would say something like that.
We have a lot of good people on our team.
The police think that Tom has killed several people.
This is much less money than we expected.
That man speaking French to Tom is a friend of mine.
They said I'm overqualified for that job.
I'm pretty sure that Tom still lives on Park Street.
Mr. Jackson may be our teacher next year.
I still haven't found what Tom asked me to look for.
I've finally finished writing the report.
I saw Tom and Mary walking in the park this morning.
I've decided to stay for a few more days.
You do know who Tom's French teacher is, don't you?
I'm pretty sure that I won't be arrested.
Tom wasn't happy with the way he was being treated.
I wasn't interested in what might happen.
Tom was clever enough to figure out what was wrong.
I usually leave for school at about 6:30.
Tom was being manipulated and he didn't realize it.
I think that you're not doing that right.
Tom told Mary that he'd help her with her homework.
I think that what you're doing is stupid.
Tom said that he wouldn't mind helping us tomorrow.
I still haven't bought everything I need.
Tom lives in the same housing complex as Mary does.
We can't see each other anymore.
I still have to finish doing my homework.
Tom isn't a student here. He's one of the teachers.
I still have questions I want to ask you.
Tom is wearing a coat that's way too large for him.
I spent all afternoon replying to emails.
Tom is the only one who really knows what happened.
I prefer to ride in the front of the bus.
Tom is one of the best players we have on the team.
I opened the door and got out of the car.
Tom is good at getting people to do things for him.
I often wear sunglasses when I'm driving.
Tom found what he was looking for on the top shelf.
I need to find out what needs to be done.
Tom fell in love with his best friend's girlfriend.
I may have done something like that once.
Tom didn't know that Mary knew how to speak French.
I don't think I'm needed here any longer.
Tom could've called the police if he had wanted to.
I don't really like talking to strangers.
Tom bought a couple of books and gave them to Mary.
That's where the shoe pinches.
I'm very sorry your father died.
This is not my cat. Mine has white feet.
To be at daggers drawn.
I am your son.
We are your sons.
I am your daughter.
We are your daughters.
He walks in the park.
Who is his father?
I walked into the classroom.
Tom can break an apple in half with his bare hands.
Can you break an apple in half with your bare hands?
Competition drives down prices.
Competition drives prices down.
Let the free market decide.
The free market should decide.
That's how I lost my job.
People used to offer human sacrifices to the gods. Nobody does that anymore.
We used to sacrifice people to the gods. We don't anymore.
Do you really think I'm not a good coach?
This is the third time Tom has been late this week.
You still need to pay this month's rent.
It seems like Tom is having a hard time doing that.
You seem to be having trouble breathing.
It looks like Tom is having a hard time doing that.
You look like you're having a good time.
How long have Tom and Mary been going out together?
When was the last time you spoke French?
What kind of things does Tom do that irritate you?
The doctor said that I'm unfit for duty.
Tom's father doesn't allow him to go out at night.
That's not going to happen anytime soon.
Tom was walking too fast for us catch up with him.
I've finally finished painting the barn.
Tom was the first one in our class to get married.
I'm still not comfortable with the idea.
Tom was smart enough to figure out what was wrong.
I'm pretty good at cooking Chinese food.
Tom was carrying a lot of cash when he was mugged.
The motorcyclist went over the speed limit.
When I was twenty years old, I thought I had all the time in the world.
Always keep your intentions clean.
What is the harm in trying?
Where a door closes, another opens.
Let's get acquainted.
What you are, I once was; what I am, you will become.
What is your patronymic?
Where to go?
Parenthood involves totalitarianism.
Parents must be totalitarian dictators for part of their child's life.
Switzerland has several official languages.
The measure of success is not necessarily money.
They slept together under the stars.
"Do you love me?" "More than anything."
She's very good at it.
He's very good at it.
Mary can foretell the future.
Mary can predict the future.
She's madly in love with him.
He's madly in love with her.
Your concern is unwarranted.
He was unable to resist the temptation.
She was unable to resist the temptation.
Tom was unable to resist the temptation.
Tom is very good at doing that.
What's the harm in trying?
What's the harm in trying to do that?
I was hoping this wouldn't happen again.
Tom told me that he thought I should go on a diet.
I wanted to find out what was happening.
Tom told Mary that he was going to try to do that.
I usually study about three hours a day.
Tom told Mary that he was going to give her a car.
I think I can still run faster than you.
Tom says that he doesn't know anything about Mary.
I still have headaches almost every day.
Tom really wanted to believe what Mary was saying.
I still don't know why that's happening.
Tom isn't the only one here who can play the oboe.
I still don't know what I'm going to do.
Tom is the one who helped me find a place to live.
I only slept for three hours last night.
Tom is always getting people to do things for him.
I might do that tomorrow if I have time.
Tom had no idea that Mary was planning to do that.
I might be the only one who can do that.
Tom had no idea that Mary already had a boyfriend.
I might be the best French speaker here.
Tom explained to us why he didn't want to do that.
I don't often listen to classical music.
Tom didn't tell me anything I didn't already know.
I almost always go to school by bicycle.
Tom didn't know that Mary was going to be so busy.
French is the only language I can speak.
Tom didn't have anything to do with what happened.
Do you really think I shouldn't do that?
Luckily, I was able to talk Tom out of doing that.
You'll soon learn to speak French well.
If you can help Tom, why can't you help Mary, too?
You were the one who gave me this game.
If Tom can help Mary, why can't he help John, too?
You should put on a warm pair of socks.
I wasn't the one who told Tom about what happened.
You look like you're enjoying yourself.
I wasn't able hold my breath as long as Tom could.
You have what it takes to be a teacher.
I don't think Tom will do what we asked him to do.
You have a good chance of being chosen.
I can't believe Tom would say something like that.
What kind of things do you need to buy?
How long have you and Tom been going out together?
Mary told me that I was a handsome guy.
You should talk to Tom and tell him how you feel.
Mary is much more beautiful than Alice.
What happened to Tom could've happened to anyone.
I'm very grateful for what you've done.
We need to make sure Tom has everything he needs.
I'm not the one who teaches that class.
Uncle Tom sends us Christmas presents every year.
I usually take a short nap after lunch.
Tom wished he hadn't borrowed the book from Mary.
I tried to prevent this from happening.
Tom was the first one to notice Mary was unhappy.
I think that's what we should be doing.
Tom was the first one to notice Mary had arrived.
I still sometimes read autobiographies.
Tom was the first one in our class to find a job.
I still have that umbrella you lent me.
Tom was killed in a traffic accident last winter.
I remain confident that that'll happen.
Tom wanted everybody to know that he was unhappy.
I only wear a tie on special occasions.
Tom wanted Mary to help him clean out the garage.
I only made three mistakes on the exam.
Tom tried to kiss Mary, but she wouldn't let him.
I need to find out what has to be done.
Tom told Mary that he'd help her wash the dishes.
I have a few things I still need to do.
Tom taught Mary everything he knew about fishing.
Does anyone on your staff speak French?
Tom says he doesn't want to go to Boston with us.
As a matter of fact, I do speak French.
Tom says he doesn't want to be a janitor anymore.
You're pretty good at French, I think.
Tom said that he's looking forward to seeing you.
You're good at doing that, aren't you?
Tom said that he might not be at school tomorrow.
You used to do that a lot, didn't you?
Tom said he saw Mary in the park just after 2:30.
You still haven't done that, have you?
Tom said he didn't think he'd be able to do that.
You seem to be having trouble walking.
Tom made it plain that he didn't want to do that.
You look like you're not feeling well.
Tom made it clear that he didn't want to do that.
You don't seem to be very sympathetic.
Tom lost his parents when he was three years old.
Would you really want to live forever?
Tom lives in the same apartment building as Mary.
Tom is the one who suggested that we not do this.
I've heard that you're quite reliable.
Tom has started spending a lot of time with Mary.
I've been awake for over thirty hours.
Tom got into Mary's house through an open window.
I'm still planning to do that for you.
Tom figured out how to fix the engine on his own.
I'm beginning to have second thoughts.
Tom eventually did everything we asked him to do.
I usually wear a hat when I'm outside.
Tom doesn't seem to be very interested in school.
I usually stay up till after midnight.
Tom doesn't always get his homework done on time.
I usually sleep for about eight hours.
Tom didn't know that Mary used to live in Boston.
I thought I smelled something burning.
Tom didn't have anything to do with the incident.
I think that's a little too expensive.
Tom convinced Mary to buy him an expensive watch.
I still remember the time we did that.
The police suspect that Tom poisoned Mary's food.
I still haven't learned all the rules.
The police found Tom's fingerprints on the doorknob.
I still have the umbrella you lent me.
It was easy for Tom to convince Mary to help him.
I still go there as often as possible.
I thought you and Tom were married to each other.
I only slept for about thirty minutes.
I think it's better for Tom to stay here with us.
I often feel sleepy right after lunch.
I still remember the way Tom used to look at you.
I found something that you might like.
I can't believe Tom would do something like that.
I found some old coins in my backyard.
How long have Tom and Mary been living in Boston?
I don't eat out as often as I used to.
You know who Tom's French teacher is, don't you?
Did you find anything you want to buy?
Tom wrote to Mary to tell her that he loved her.
You seem to be keeping yourself busy.
Tom wasn't able to find what he was looking for.
You don't seem to be very interested.
Tom was the one who helped me break out of jail.
You don't seem to be very happy here.
Tom was quite a ladies' man when he was younger.
You and I aren't that much different.
Tom was found dead in the front seat of his car.
Why were you not at school yesterday?
Tom was convinced that Mary no longer loved him.
We didn't have permission to do that.
Tom told Mary that he was going to go to Boston.
It's not necessary for us to do that.
Tom told Mary that he was going to be home late.
It looks like you just got a haircut.
Tom suggested that I do whatever I wanted to do.
I've visited Australia several times.
Tom said that he was going camping next weekend.
I've been up since 2:this morning.
Tom said he doesn't have very much money on him.
I'm usually only busy in the morning.
Tom never speaks French without making mistakes.
I'm not the worst player on the team.
Tom moved to Boston with his family last summer.
I wouldn't want to do that by myself.
Tom made it home just before it started raining.
I was here yesterday for three hours.
Tom knows better than to do something like that.
I usually wear a white shirt to work.
Tom knew he didn't have anything to worry about.
I usually pay for everything in cash.
Tom isn't the only one who left the party early.
I usually drink coffee without sugar.
Tom is probably thinking about buying a new car.
I used to do that when I was younger.
Tom is probably not as young as you think he is.
I still want to go to Boston someday.
Tom is probably not as smart as you think he is.
I still think about you all the time.
Tom is probably not as happy as you think he is.
I still haven't finished my homework.
Tom is not very likely to be at tonight's party.
I still haven't completely recovered.
Tom is married to a woman who grew up in Boston.
I still have no idea what's going on.
Tom is looking for somebody to babysit his kids.
I still don't understand the problem.
Tom has something he needs to discuss with Mary.
I still do that as often as possible.
Tom has gotten pretty good at playing the cello.
I still can't speak French very well.
Tom had no idea that Mary couldn't speak French.
I often take a nap right after lunch.
Tom found something interesting in his backyard.
I often feel sleepy just after lunch.
Tom didn't want to have to answer any questions.
I don't want to play tennis with you.
Tom can't really be as rich as people say he is.
I don't understand why that happened.
Tom can't really be as mean as people say he is.
I don't intend to ever do that again.
Tom asked me to continue doing what I was doing.
I don't do that as much as I used to.
Tom asked Mary to stop doing what she was doing.
I couldn't speak French at that time.
There's no reason Tom would not want to do that.
Did you find any shoes that you like?
The police searched Tom's house for three hours.
You still don't look too interested.
Nobody will be able to stop Tom from doing that.
You seem to know what to do already.
It was easy for Tom to convince Mary to do that.
You look like you're having trouble.
I was the one who taught Tom to sing like that.
You don't seem very happy to see me.
I used to go swimming with Tom almost every day.
What's the combination for the safe?
I still don't understand why you don't like Tom.
We should do that together sometime.
I still don't understand exactly what Tom wants.
We should do that as soon as we can.
I asked Tom to help me pull weeds in the garden.
We don't have permission to do that.
Did you really think that Tom wouldn't help you?
Nothing can stop us from doing that.
You didn't seem to understand what Tom was saying.
Nothing can stop me from doing that.
What time did Tom say he was going to get here?
Mary isn't my mother. She's my aunt.
What time did Tom say he wanted us to be there?
It shouldn't be too hard to do that.
Was Tom telling the truth when he told us that?
I've managed to save a little money.
Trying to convince Tom will be a waste of time.
I've been having trouble doing that.
Tom was the first person to offer to help Mary.
I've already ordered us some drinks.
Tom wanted Mary to tell him that she loved him.
I'm worried about what might happen.
Tom walks his dog in the park almost every day.
I'm the one who always cooks dinner.
Tom told me that his father was a teacher, too.
I'm not likely to do that anytime soon.
Tom told me that he thought Mary was beautiful.
I'm not ever going to do that again.
Tom told me that Mary was the one who did that.
I'm going to get home at about 2:30.
Tom told me he knows who Mary's grandfather is.
I'd like you to get out of my house.
Tom suggested that I go to the store with Mary.
I wish I had a girlfriend like Mary.
Tom says he's tired of everybody's complaining.
I was the one who started the fight.
Tom says he isn't in the mood to do that today.
I was strip-searched at the airport.
Tom says he doesn't want to do that by himself.
I was afraid to even try to do that.
Tom saw something out of the corner of his eye.
I wanted to be the one who did that.
Tom said he thought Mary was unhappy in Boston.
I usually eat a snack at about 2:30.
Tom loved writing poems when he was a teenager.
I tried, but I wasn't able to do it.
Tom let us know that he didn't mind doing that.
I took a lot of pictures on my trip.
Tom knew that he needed to buy a gift for Mary.
I think I'll need an umbrella today.
Tom isn't as easy to get along with as you are.
I still want you to help me do that.
Tom is wearing a coat that's too large for him.
I spent all morning washing clothes.
Tom is waiting for Mary to tell him what to do.
I probably won't ever do that again.
Tom is too young to go out by himself at night.
I only plan to do what I have to do.
Tom is the only one who can help you with that.
I'm not the one who wrote this letter.
Tom is the head chef at a restaurant in Boston.
I don't understand why you did that.
Tom is talking to the French teacher right now.
I don't like doing things like this.
Tom is probably not as rich as you think he is.
I don't eat Chinese food very often.
Tom is probably not as busy as you think he is.
I didn't feel tired when I got home.
Tom is one of the guys I used to hang out with.
I couldn't have done that by myself.
Tom is not as crazy as most people think he is.
I almost never speak French anymore.
Tom is much better today than he was yesterday.
Do you really think I'm a bad coach?
Tom is in the kitchen helping Mary cook dinner.
You're really creative, aren't you?
Tom had no idea that Mary was going to be here.
You seem to be waiting for someone.
Tom finished his coffee and asked for a refill.
You have quite a temper, don't you?
Tom doesn't get along with anyone in his class.
We're running out of things to eat.
Tom claims he doesn't know anything about Mary.
We need to find a husband for Mary.
Tom asked Mary to stop asking stupid questions.
Some people say I'm a little weird.
There's no reason Tom wouldn't want to do that.
Nobody can stop us from doing that.
It must have been difficult for Tom to do that.
No one can stop me from doing that.
I'm tired of trying to convince Tom to do that.
It's not easy to speak French well.
I think Tom didn't do what he said he would do.
It looks like you've put on weight.
You should tell Tom why you disagree with him.
It isn't easy to speak French well.
Tom's kids were here a while ago looking for him.
I've decided to become an engineer.
Tom wasn't able to do what we asked him to do.
I've been having trouble breathing.
Tom was home alone with Mary during the storm.
I won't be here tomorrow, either.
Tom was angry because I didn't agree with him.
I'm the one who has to leave early.
Tom took the first flight to Boston on Monday.
I'm sorry that I acted like a jerk.
Tom told Mary that he'd help her wash her car.
I'm ready to help in any way I can.
Tom told Mary that he wasn't going to do that.
I'm not likely to be there tonight.
Tom told Mary that he was planning to do that.
I'm not in the mood to do that now.
Tom spent the whole night worrying about Mary.
I wasn't able to stay up all night.
Tom spent the whole night thinking about Mary.
I usually sleep with the lights on.
Tom spends a lot of time practicing the piano.
I usually have a snack around 2:30.
Tom speaks French better than his father does.
I think that we should go home now.
Tom said he was going to catch the 2:train.
I taught in Boston for three years.
Tom made about a dozen phone calls last night.
I still have to pay the phone bill.
Tom lives in the same housing complex as Mary.
I still have that book you lent me.
Tom is very likely to not want to go with you.
I spent all morning shoveling snow.
Tom is probably not as old as you think he is.
I should be at home with my family.
Tom is one of the guys I play volleyball with.
I play tennis fairly well, I think.
Tom is not as rich as most people think he is.
I might not be busy this afternoon.
Tom has offered to help pay for the groceries.
I might do that sometime next week.
Tom has borrowed over 3,dollars from Mary.
I haven't finished fixing this yet.
Tom has been spending a lot of time with Mary.
I did everything you told me to do.
Tom has been convicted of first degree murder.
I can't tell you why that happened.
Tom finished his beer and ordered another one.
I baked three cakes this afternoon.
Tom didn't know whether Mary liked him or not.
Have you had anything to eat today?
Tom didn't know that Mary was studying French.
French is the only language I know.
Tom complained about the way they treated him.
Everyone told me this would happen.
Tom believed Mary when she said she loved him.
Doing that won't take us very long.
Tom asked Mary if she was planning to do that.
Doing that won't take me very long.
Tom admitted that he was the one who did that.
Did you really do this by yourself?
This is where Tom said he buried the treasure.
Did you really do that by yourself?
It seems like Tom is having trouble breathing.
You're very patriotic, aren't you?
I'm pretty sure that Tom doesn't speak French.
You're really selfish, aren't you?
I'm looking forward to spending time with Tom.
You're overqualified for this job.
I won the last time Tom and I played handball.
You used to work here, didn't you?
I wasn't able to do that as well as Tom could.
You sure do talk a lot, don't you?
I stayed in the car while Tom was in the bank.
You have a good chance of winning.
You should do everything Tom tells you to do.
You don't seem to be very worried.
When I first met Tom, he was just a teenager.
Would you mind helping me do that?
Tom wasn't the only one who thought that way.
Why do you have only one glove on?
Tom was the one who suggested that I do that.
What you did wasn't very friendly.
Tom was the one who showed me how to do that.
We don't need to be here tomorrow.
Tom was the one who introduced me to my wife.
This isn't everything I asked for.
Tom was the one who gave Mary that black eye.
That's not actually what happened.
Tom was supposed to do that without any help.
Nobody seems to know who did that.
Tom was sitting over there just a minute ago.
It's not too hard to learn French.
Tom wanted me to help Mary with her homework.
I'm not going to help you anymore.
Tom told me that he was the one who did that.
I'm looking forward to doing that.
Tom told me that I should consider resigning.
I won't be able to help you today.
Tom told Mary that she should move to Boston.
I was in the garden all afternoon.
Tom thinks he's the best French speaker here.
I was hoping today would be sunny.
Tom succeeded in getting the truth from Mary.
I usually only read the headlines.
Tom shouted to Mary, but she didn't hear him.
I usually go out on Friday nights.
Tom should help his mother more than he does.
I usually get up just before dawn.
Tom seems to be smoking more than he used to.
I think that we should be leaving.
Tom says he doesn't want to see Mary anymore.
I think I've been generous enough.
Tom says he doesn't want to do that with you.
I think I'm a fairly good drummer.
Tom says he doesn't know anything about Mary.
I still haven't learned the rules.
Tom says Mary has been a bad influence on me.
I still have to finish doing that.
Tom said he had a good reason for doing that.
I still go to Boston every summer.
Tom ran too fast for me to catch up with him.
I still do that from time to time.
Tom made sure everybody had something to eat.
I still do that as often as I can.
Tom looked pretty sick the last time saw him.
I only did what you told me to do.
Tom learned how to play the guitar in Boston.
I hope I wasn't bothering anybody.
Tom is younger than you probably think he is.
I haven't paid the phone bill yet.
Tom is very different from his older brother.
I haven't finished doing that yet.
Tom is smarter than you probably think he is.
I don't want to do that by myself.
Tom is hoping that Mary will do that for him.
I didn't like the movie very much.
Tom is definitely not going to be doing that.
I couldn't speak French back then.
Tom had no idea that Mary had a crush on him.
I consider myself average-looking.
Tom had already left by the time I got there.
I became a member three years ago.
Tom found what he was looking for in his car.
Everybody left thirty minutes ago.
Tom doesn't get along with his mother-in-law.
Are you still planning to do that?
Tom and Mary have announced their engagement.
Are you also able to speak French?
Tom and Mary became dependent on one another.
You've done a lot for us already.
In addition to French, Tom can speak English.
You're not old enough to do that.
I'll try to convince Tom not to work so hard.
You need to put on your gas mask.
I wasn't able to talk Tom out of going there.
You don't seem to be even trying.
I thought you and Tom were dating each other.
What kind of things irritate you?
I thought you and Tom didn't like each other.
We need to make a lot of changes.
I think Tom is having a hard time doing that.
Those people are speaking French.
I still haven't done what Tom asked me to do.
There's no reason not to do that.
You know who Tom's girlfriend is, don't you?
No one would want that to happen.
Tom wasn't as angry as I expected him to be.
Mary isn't as beautiful as Alice.
Tom was the first one to donate money to us.
I've finally finished doing that.
Tom wanted to live close to where he worked.
I've decided to become a teacher.
Tom told me that I should consider retiring.
I've been sneezing all afternoon.
Tom told Mary he was planning to rob a bank.
I'm wearing a warm pair of socks.
Tom spent the entire day cleaning the house.
I'm still not entirely satisfied.
Tom says he never thinks about Mary anymore.
I'm not often invited to parties.
Tom says he doesn't want to do that anymore.
I'm not a very good chess player.
Tom refused to listen to anything Mary said.
I'm concerned about that problem.
Tom muttered something that I couldn't hear.
I won't be able to do that today.
Tom may not remember me, but I remember him.
I went duck hunting last weekend.
Tom lay awake for hours thinking about Mary.
I wasn't wearing my uniform then.
Tom knows better than to disagree with Mary.
I wasn't wearing jeans yesterday.
Tom isn't as crazy as everybody thinks he is.
I usually work from nine to five.
Tom is younger than most people think he is.
I think I'm not doing this right.
Tom is the only one who knows what happened.
I still would like your approval.
Tom is the one who usually does the driving.
I still want to do that with you.
Tom is the one who usually does the cooking.
I originally come from Australia.
Tom is sitting in the corner all by himself.
I only listen to classical music.
Tom is richer than you probably think he is.
I don't like Chinese food at all.
Tom is afraid he might hurt Mary's feelings.
I didn't have a job at that time.
Tom had no one to discuss his problems with.
I can't do that until after 2:30.
Tom had no idea that Mary wanted to do that.
I almost never go out after dark.
Tom had no idea that Mary hated him so much.
Does this mean something's wrong?
Tom got home just before it started raining.
Tom thinks he's the best French teacher here.
It was a pleasure to work with Tom.
She's madly in love with her.
He's madly in love with him.
Fadil thinks he's the best Arabic teacher here.
Fadil understands Arabic.
Fadil speaks Arabic.
Fadil is Arab.
Fadil is Egyptian.
Fadil doesn't speak Arabic as fluently as Layla does.
Fadil probably doesn't speak Arabic as well as you think he does.
Fadil wants his children to learn to speak Arabic.
It's quite difficult to master Arabic.
I didn't know Fadil spoke Arabic.
Fadil married a girl who couldn't speak Arabic.
Fadil couldn't speak any Arabic, so he spoke in Turkish.
Fadil should try to learn a little Arabic.
Fadil doesn't speak Arabic fluently.
Is Arabic difficult?
Could you please open the blinds?
Tom finally got the courage to ask Mary out.
Can you get a ticket for me, too?
Tom explained to us why he couldn't do that.
You're doing that the wrong way.
Tom doesn't seem to be making much progress.
You used to do that, didn't you?
Tom can swim just about as well as Mary can.
You talk quite a lot, don't you?
Tom and Mary became dependent on each other.
You still owe me a lot of money.
The shoes I gave Tom were too small for him.
You still don't look very happy.
Is there anything you can tell me about Tom?
You have a lot of strange ideas.
I'm pretty sure that Tom can't speak French.
You don't seem to be very tired.
I wasn't able to talk Tom out of doing that.
You didn't seem very busy today.
I told Tom that he should apologize to Mary.
I'd rather not show my twig and berries to the world.
Tom is a campanologist.
Campanology is the study of bells.
When he didn't receive a place at university, Tom became an autodidact.
Many fish are killed by ghost fishing.
The archaeologist drove across the desert in his all-terrain vehicle.
I wonder how many endangered languages are there in the world.
What makes a language endangered?
Tom got home just before it started to rain.
We will learn together.
We wrote to our pen pals this morning.
I don't want to be a bear.
I'm learning German with a very old book. It was published in the year 1970.
The toy store is by the school.
We wash our hands with soap.
His career unexpectedly fell apart.
This is is deeply disturbing.
Can you all be less noisy?
Could you be quieter?
Could you please be quieter?
Do you know how to make a raw fish salad?
Sami lost his royal connections.
Sami's dreams began to disintegrate.
Sami became obsessed with Layla.
It was intentional.
This was deliberate.
Sami visited Buckingham Palace.
Buckingham Palace is a symbol of pomp and ceremony.
Sami was one of the lucky ones.
Sami answered an ad in a magazine.
The job was beyond Sami's wildest dreams.
Sami worked for the Queen's daughter-in-law.
Sami went with the queen wherever she went.
Sami went to the best parties.
Sami had a good living.
Sami was rubbing shoulders with Egypt's elite.
Sami was an Egyptian shipping magnate.
Sami used violence on a number of occasions.
Layla was extremely dramatic.
Sami was extremely manipulative.
Layla saw Sami as a ticket to the high life.
Would you mind helping me a bit?
I still haven't forgiven Tom for doing that.
What you said was disrespectful.
I saw Tom and Mary in the park this morning.
This isn't everything I ordered.
I don't know if Tom plans to do that or not.
There's only one way to do this.
I didn't buy everything Tom asked me to buy.
There's only one way to do that.
How's Tom going to deal with this situation?
My bicycle has been stolen, too.
Did Tom try to persuade you to do that, too?
Look what I found in the garden.
Could you show Tom where the parking lot is?
I've had nothing to eat all day.
You should tell Tom to keep away from Mary.
I'm too tired to go any further.
You should tell Tom not to do that anymore.
I'm still not totally persuaded.
You know what Tom is capable of, don't you?
I saw Sami and Layla at the beach this morning.
I will never forgive Sami for doing that.
You know what Sami is capable of, don't you?
You should tell Sami not to do that anymore.
You should tell Sami to keep away from Layla.
Sami has had nothing to eat all day.
Could you show Sami where the parking lot is?
Look what Sami found in the garden.
Did Sami try to persuade you to do that, too?
Sami's bicycle has been stolen, too.
How's Sami going to deal with this situation?
I didn't buy everything Sami asked me to buy.
I don't know if Sami plans to do that or not.
This isn't everything Sami ordered.
What Sami said was disrespectful.
I've asked Sami several times not to do that.
You didn't seem to understand what Sami was saying.
The police found Layla's fingerprints on the doorknob.
The police found Sami's fingerprints on the doorknob.
Could you please be quieter? Sami is sleeping.
Could you be quieter? Layla is sleeping.
Sami got home just before it started to rain.
Sami plans to get married as soon as he graduates from high school.
I told Sami that he should apologize to Layla.
Sami didn't seem very busy today.
I wasn't able to talk Sami out of doing that.
I'm pretty sure that Sami can't speak Arabic.
Sami has a lot of strange ideas.
Is there anything you can tell me about Sami?
Sami still doesn't look very happy.
The shoes I gave Sami were too small for him.
Sami still owes me a lot of money.
Sami talks quite a lot, doesn't he?
Sami can swim just about as well as Layla can.
Sami used to do that, didn't he?
Sami doesn't seem to be making much progress.
Sami is doing that the wrong way.
Sami explained to us why he couldn't do that.
Can you get a ticket for Sami, too?
Sami finally got the courage to ask Layla out.
Sami opened the blinds.
Sami isn't as crazy as everybody thinks he is.
Sami didn't seem to enjoy the concert very much.
It was a pleasure to work with Sami.
Sami's kids were here a while ago looking for him.
Sami got home just before it started raining.
Sami had no idea that Layla hated him so much.
Sami almost never goes out after dark.
Sami had no idea that Layla wanted to do that.
Sami had no one to discuss his problems with.
Sami didn't have a job at that time.
Sami is afraid he might hurt Layla's feelings.
Sami doesn't like Chinese food at all.
Sami is richer than you probably think he is.
Sami only listens to classical music.
Sami is sitting in the corner all by himself.
Sami originally comes from Australia.
Sami is the one who usually does the cooking.
I still want to do that with Sami.
Sami is the one who usually does the driving.
I still would like Sami's approval.
Sami is the only one who knows what happened.
Sami is younger than most people think he is.
Sami usually works from nine to five.
Sami wasn't wearing jeans yesterday.
Sami knows better than to disagree with Layla.
Sami wasn't wearing his uniform then.
Sami lay awake for hours thinking about Layla.
Sami went duck hunting last weekend.
Sami may not remember me, but I remember him.
Sami won't be able to do that today.
Sami muttered something that I couldn't hear.
Sami concerned about that problem.
Sami refused to listen to anything Layla said.
Sami is not a very good chess player.
Sami says he doesn't want to do that anymore.
Sami is not often invited to parties.
Sami says he never thinks about Layla anymore.
Sami is still not entirely satisfied.
Sami spent the entire day cleaning the house.
Fadil told Layla he was planning to rob a bank.
Sami has been sneezing all afternoon.
Sami has decided to become a translator.
Sami wanted to live close to where he studied.
Sami has finally finished doing that.
I'm still not totally convinced.
Trying to convince Tom was a waste of time.
I'm pretty sure that we'll lose.
Tom will be happy to know that you're safe.
I'm not a native French speaker.
Tom was the first one to volunteer to help.
I'd call a doctor if I were you.
Tom was the first one to congratulate Mary.
I went to Australia last summer.
Tom was able to get Mary to tell the truth.
I usually walk home from school.
Tom wanted Mary to teach him how to juggle.
I think that we need to do that.
Tom told Mary that she should study French.
I think one of my tires is flat.
Tom told Mary that he was going to do that.
I think I can make a difference.
Tom stole some old coins from Mary's house.
I still want to do that someday.
Tom spent the whole night looking for Mary.
I still don't speak much French.
Tom said he thought he needed to help Mary.
I still don't have a girlfriend.
Tom said he only had thirty dollars on him.
I still can't do that very well.
Tom never seems to complain about anything.
I still can't afford to do that.
Tom may not have been the one who did that.
I should've done that by myself.
Tom made it home just before the storm hit.
Sami slept around.
I only wear a hat in the winter.
Tom looked pretty sick when I last saw him.
I only lit three of the candles.
Tom isn't very likely to get there on time.
I need to make a lot of changes.
Tom isn't very likely to be busy right now.
I might need your help tomorrow.
Tom is waiting for Mary in the parking lot.
I found it difficult to do that.
Tom is trying to find Mary a place to live.
I forgot to turn off the lights.
Tom is the person I gave my old bicycle to.
French isn't all that difficult.
Tom is probably older than you think he is.
Did you find any shoes that fit?
Tom is older than you probably think he is.
You're not old enough to drive.
Tom is likely to go to Boston next weekend.
You'll soon be able to do that.
Tom is by far the tallest boy in our class.
I'm making myself a sandwich. I'll make you one, too, if you want one.
I poured myself a shot of tequila and poured Tom a shot of bourbon.
I chained myself to one of the trees they were planning to cut down.
Tom was wearing a straw hat the last time I saw him.
I wasn't very hungry when I got home, but I'm really hungry now.
I used the lemons that Tom gave me to make lemonade.
I was feeling hungry earlier, but I don't feel hungry anymore.
Why wouldn't you let Tom go to Boston last weekend?
My French wasn't good enough to make myself understood.
I think you should do everything Tom tells you to do.
I went to the refrigerator and got myself another beer.
I let myself in with the key Tom had given me.
I often don't express myself as well as I wish I could.
I had some questions that I wanted to ask Tom.
I cut myself with the knife right after I sharpened it.
I have some questions that I want to ask Tom.
Even though I was wearing gloves, my fingers were cold.
Tom asked Mary what she had in her suitcase.
I went to the refrigerator to get myself another beer.
I dried myself with the towel Tom handed me.
I had an appointment this morning that I forgot about.
You should do the same thing that Tom does.
I had to start supporting myself when I was thirteen.
Tom is as good at cooking as his father is.
I couldn't see myself ever doing something like that.
Tom has changed a lot since I last saw him.
I was angry with myself for making so many mistakes.
Tom doesn't know how much money Mary makes.
I found myself doing things I thought I never would.
Tom can speak French about as well as Mary.
Tom spent all day yesterday goofing off.
I don't need to go anywhere today.
Tom might be here somewhere, but I haven't seen him.
There's a chance that Tom is here in the park somewhere.
He is looking for a place to live.
Crockery is a term that refers to ceramic dishes in everyday use, as differentiated from fine porcelain.
When was the last time you were at a burial ceremony?
He shouted angrily, "Hey! You contaminated my water!"
Eagles don't hunt flies.
The depiction violated a company's registered trademark.
He was a descendant of Julius Caesar.
Steve was not reassured by the disclaimer.
The validity of gender identity disorder has become highly controversial in politics.
They can't eat meat because they're vegetarians.
The rust is eating away the iron.
I spent the next day similar to the last.
You're too stupid to be an atheist.
You left your wives.
Me, who didn't want to cry today...
No one has ever been tortured the way Sami was.
Sami can now die in peace.
Tom put the carp in the bathtub.
I cut myself with a knife while I was making dinner.
Tom and Mary were sleeping when I got home.
I couldn't find work in Boston, so I came back home.
Tom and Mary live with their dad in Boston.
I was feeling sleepy until I drank a cup of coffee.
Tom and Mary are both very devoted parents.
I heard a loud noise coming from outside my window.
Tom advised me to not talk to Mary anymore.
This is the first time I've been in this building.
The last person Tom saw Mary with was John.
I have a pocket watch that my grandfather gave me.
It looks like Tom has bought a new bicycle.
You need to do something about that pretty soon.
I'm sure that Tom is just tired as you are.
I could hardly make myself understood in French.
I went rock climbing with Tom last weekend.
You need to do something about that right away.
I still have no idea why Tom is so unhappy.
Why don't you pour yourself something to drink?
I stayed at a hotel not too far from Tom's.
I helped myself to a cup of coffee and a donut.
I need to find out what Tom wants us to do.
I don't have many pictures of myself as a baby.
I don't talk with Tom as much as I used to.
It was difficult to swallow such a large pill.
I don't know the reason why Tom isn't here.
I'm sure you'll eventually be able to do that.
You should tell Tom what needs to be done.
I poured myself another glass of orange juice.
You should do the same thing Tom is doing.
I paid the driver and then got out of the cab.
Tom yelled for help, but nobody heard him.
I opened the windows to let in some fresh air.
Tom will be out of town until next Monday.
I fried myself a couple of eggs for breakfast.
Tom went outside to see what was going on.
I can barely make myself understood in French.
Tom was the one who kissed Mary, not John.
Could you please turn off the air conditioner?
Tom was the one who gave Mary a black eye.
We made ourselves as comfortable as we could.
Tom was angry because I had insulted Mary.
We made ourselves as comfortable as possible.
Tom wanted everybody to come to his party.
I should've been notified about this earlier.
Tom thought he could get Mary to like him.
I introduced myself to everybody in the room.
Tom stayed in Boston for a couple of days.
I have very few pictures of myself as a baby.
Tom speaks French and also speaks English.
I have some questions that I want to ask you.
Tom says that he knows nothing about Mary.
I dragged myself out of bed and went to work.
Tom says he has no idea why Mary did that.
I cut myself on some broken glass last night.
Tom said that he wouldn't mind doing that.
Could you please turn on the air conditioner?
Tom said he wanted to play golf with Mary.
Come over here and warm yourself by the fire.
Tom said he didn't have much money on him.
I poured myself a tall glass of apple juice.
Tom ran too fast for me to catch him.
I lied to the police about where I had been.
Tom ran so fast that I couldn't catch him.
I enjoyed myself at your party last weekend.
Tom patiently waited for Mary all morning.
When we were kids, you were my best friend.
Tom isn't the only one who wants to leave.
I wish we didn't have to move to Australia.
Tom isn't a very good poker player, is he?
I tried to keep myself from falling asleep.
Tom is very likely to want to go with you.
I kicked in the door and ran into the room.
Tom is very likely to not want to do that.
I have made myself comfortable on the sofa.
Tom is the one who can help you with that.
I hate working late, especially on Fridays.
Tom is the one here that you should trust.
I didn't go to any of my afternoon classes.
Tom is probably thinking about doing that.
I crawled out of bed and put on my clothes.
Tom is not very likely to want to do that.
I bought myself a very expensive sports car.
Tom is just a little younger than Mary is.
I bought myself a new suit for the wedding.
Tom is just a little shorter than Mary is.
You don't seem to like yourself very much.
Tom is in his bedroom, doing his homework.
No one had ever called me a coward before.
Tom is definitely not planning to do that.
I warmed myself in front of the fireplace.
Tom is by far the best player on our team.
I picked up a pencil and started to write.
Tom has already finished doing his chores.
I have trouble swallowing these big pills.
Tom has a lot of respect for his teachers.
I could've helped you if you had asked me.
Tom had no idea that Mary had a boyfriend.
You should get yourself something to eat.
Tom had no idea that Mary didn't like him.
I'm doing something about that right now.
Tom had fun walking in the park with Mary.
I was really worried about you yesterday.
Tom doesn't have his phone with him today.
I shuffled the cards and then dealt them.
Tom doesn't get along with Mary's parents.
I opened the door and got out of the van.
Tom and Mary have been dating for a while.
I haven't been myself the last few weeks.
I'll tell Tom the next time I talk to him.
I almost killed myself trying to do that.
I watched a cartoon with Tom after dinner.
I wish we didn't have to move to Boston.
I was the one who told Tom not to do that.
I was good at kickball when I was a kid.
I don't think Tom has ever been a bartender.
I tried to kill myself three months ago.
I didn't do everything Tom asked me to do.
I tried to force myself to stay focused.
How long did Tom and Mary go out together?
I poured myself another shot of tequila.
Did you manage to convince Tom to do that?
I made myself as comfortable as I could.
Were you able to convince Tom to help us?
I disguised myself as a homeless person.
We should do the same thing Tom is doing.
I cut myself this morning while shaving.
Tom's mother helps him with his homework.
You need to get yourself a good lawyer.
Tom was very afraid of what might happen.
I'm the one the police are looking for.
Tom was afraid that Mary would shoot him.
I was wearing a yellow shirt yesterday.
Tom told Mary that he'd help her do that.
I speak some French, but not very much.
Tom told Mary he was planning to do that.
I ripped up the note and threw it away.
Tom still doesn't believe Mary is guilty.
I made myself a peanut butter sandwich.
Tom spends a lot of time studying French.
I helped myself to a couple of cookies.
Tom shaves only about three times a week.
I dried myself with a large bath towel.
Tom said that I wasn't being cooperative.
I bought myself a sweater this morning.
Tom said he thought I was being stubborn.
I almost killed myself three years ago.
Tom said he thought I seemed unconcerned.
The burglar was likely wearing gloves.
Tom likes playing his guitar in the park.
I've gotten myself into trouble again.
Tom knew Mary's house was on Park Street.
I've already told you that many times.
Tom isn't the only one here who's hungry.
I'm teaching myself to play the piano.
Tom isn't sure he's ready to do that yet.
I tried to force myself to stay awake.
Tom is very likely to be able to do that.
I poured myself another glass of wine.
Tom is unlikely to be busy this time of day.
I poured myself another cup of coffee.
Tom is just a little taller than Mary is.
I poured myself a third cup of coffee.
Tom is going to make it on time, I think.
I live by myself in a small apartment.
Tom hopes that Mary will do that for him.
I know it's useless to try to do that.
Tom finally managed to get the safe open.
I don't have to explain myself to you.
Tom doesn't like Mary and I don't either.
I didn't meet anyone new at the party.
Tom doesn't always get his homework done.
I couldn't see myself ever doing that.
Tom does everything Mary tells him to do.
I could hardly make myself understood.
Tom didn't have anything to do with that.
I bought myself a warm pair of gloves.
Tom did exactly what Mary told him to do.
I bought myself a banjo for Christmas.
Tom bought Mary everything she asked for.
I accidentally shot myself in the leg.
Tom asked Mary to read the letter to him.
We could go to prison for doing this.
Tom angrily tore up the letter from Mary.
We could get arrested for doing this.
This is where Tom said he wanted to live.
I'm very particular about what I eat.
It looked like you were about to hit Tom.
I'm usually working this time of day.
I was the one who taught Tom how to read.
I was in the kitchen, cooking dinner.
I think it's better for Tom to stay here.
I think you're doing the right thing.
I think Tom didn't want to be on his own.
I lived in Australia for a few years.
I think Tom didn't want to be here today.
I enjoyed myself a lot at your party.
I still remember how Tom used to kiss me.
I crawled out of bed and got dressed.
I still haven't responded to Tom's email.
I couldn't keep myself from laughing.
I borrowed Tom's umbrella without asking.
I couldn't imagine myself doing that.
How long did you and Tom go out together?
I bought myself a new pair of gloves.
You know who Tom's father is, don't you?
You do speak some French, don't you?
When I first met Tom, I didn't like him.
I think you should turn yourself in.
Tom's mother is a better cook than mine.
I think what you're doing is stupid.
Tom's father doesn't allow him to drive.
I think I need to hire an assistant.
Tom wouldn't do what we asked him to do.
I nearly killed myself hang gliding.
Tom wasn't the only one who was unhappy.
I injured myself playing basketball.
Tom was the first one to raise his hand.
I answered every question correctly.
Tom was released from prison in October.
I almost killed myself hang gliding.
Tom told me to not talk to Mary anymore.
You're very persistent, aren't you?
Tom told me he first met Mary in Boston.
The police have found new evidence.
Tom told Mary that he wanted to do that.
I've found myself a new girlfriend.
Tom speaks French better than Mary does.
I'm not getting the results I want.
Tom says he's used to this kind of work.
I'm making myself something to eat.
Tom says he wants to do that by himself.
I walked to the gate and opened it.
Tom said that the door was open already.
I walked to the door and opened it.
Tom said that he was willing to do that.
I tried to make myself comfortable.
Tom said that he might do that tomorrow.
I poured myself something to drink.
Tom said that he might be late tomorrow.
I needed to buy food for the party.
Tom said he had not intended to do that.
I need to get myself a good lawyer.
Tom said he felt he needed to help Mary.
I injured myself trying to do that.
Tom said he didn't want to be a janitor.
I injured myself at work yesterday.
Tom must've forgotten his promise to us.
I have some more questions for you.
Tom might be willing to do that for you.
I found myself a seat and sat down.
Tom might be in this building somewhere.
I don't always express myself well.
Tom managed to do that without any help.
I defended myself the best I could.
Tom knew that someone was following him.
I consider myself relatively lucky.
Tom is very likely to be busy right now.
I can't picture myself as a father.
Tom is the one who knows how to do that.
I can't picture myself as a dancer.
Tom is the one I gave my old bicycle to.
I came close to being hit by a car.
Tom is running an errand for his mother.
I bought myself a something to eat.
Tom is probably planning to retire soon.
Could you please turn off the heat?
Tom is playing cards with Mary and John.
I'm planning to move to Australia.
Tom is out shopping for Christmas gifts.
I'm not as sure as you seem to be.
Tom is a lot more creative than Mary is.
I was late for class this morning.
Tom has lost both his job and his house.
I poured myself a shot of whiskey.
Tom has borrowed a lot of money from me.
I disguised myself as a repairman.
Tom gave me all the money he had on him.
I cut myself on some broken glass.
Tom couldn't do what we asked him to do.
Could you please turn up the heat?
Tom can swim almost as well as Mary can.
Could you please turn on the heat?
Tom apologized for having offended Mary.
At first, I thought you were dead.
My guess is that Tom likes what you did.
You seemed a little disappointed.
If Tom could speak French, I'd hire him.
You can be such a jerk sometimes.
I'm not as good a French speaker as Tom.
You can be a real jerk sometimes.
I'll try to convince Tom not to do that.
I've already taken out the trash.
I was the one who told Tom to come here.
I won't ask you for help anymore.
I was in a good mood until Tom got here.
I thought you said you were busy.
I think that we should help Tom do that.
I thought you said it was urgent.
I should do the same thing Tom is doing.
I stared at myself in the mirror.
I don't think Tom has ever been in love.
I poured myself a glass of water.
I don't know if Tom will do that or not.
I had no one but myself to blame.
I asked Tom to help me with my homework.
I found myself in a terrible fix.
Do you know who Tom's French teacher is?
I forced myself to eat something.
Ask Tom when he started studying French.
I didn't know anyone in the room.
You must be happy now that Tom is here.
I consider myself a good husband.
What time did Tom go to bed last night?
I ate some ice cream for dessert.
Tom wouldn't be happy if that happened.
Why don't you like working here?
Tom wished Mary wouldn't be mad at him.
I'm still a high school student.
Tom wasn't the only one who was hungry.
I went straight home after work.
Tom wasn't exactly sure where Mary was.
I was at home by myself all day.
Tom wasn't able to talk at the meeting.
I think I should turn myself in.
Tom was the one who told me what to do.
I prepared myself for the worst.
Tom was the first boy Mary ever kissed.
I poured myself a glass of wine.
Tom was supposed to do that by himself.
I poured myself a glass of milk.
Tom was shocked by what Mary suggested.
I locked myself in the bathroom.
Tom was foolish enough to believe Mary.
I introduced myself to everyone.
Tom wants to spend more time with Mary.
I hurt myself trying to do that.
Tom used to think Mary didn't like him.
I got another chance to do that.
Tom thought he could get that for free.
I found myself something to eat.
Tom thought Mary had done that already.
I consider myself a good father.
Tom suggested that we do that together.
I bought myself a cup of coffee.
Tom spent all morning looking for Mary.
You would've loved the concert.
Tom seems to be much younger than Mary.
You still don't look too tired.
Tom seems to be much heavier than Mary.
You should sharpen your pencil.
Tom says he doesn't know what Mary did.
You seem to be quite competent.
Tom saw Mary walking alone in the park.
You seem a little disappointed.
Tom said he'd call Mary Monday evening.
You need to put on your helmet.
Tom said he was having second thoughts.
You don't seem very happy here.
Tom said he called Mary Monday evening.
You don't seem very busy today.
Tom repeated what he had heard to Mary.
You always seem very talkative.
Tom realized that Mary didn't like him.
Would you mind showing me that?
Tom probably did that without any help.
What you did was irresponsible.
Tom needs Mary more than she needs him.
We should do what you're doing.
Tom made sure nobody was following him.
We don't always do it this way.
Tom made sure nobody could overhear us.
We could go to prison for this.
Tom isn't as good at French as Mary is.
Was that the right thing to do?
Tom is well respected in the community.
The problem is getting serious.
Tom is very good at playing the guitar.
That'll cost us a lot of money.
Tom is just a little younger than Mary.
Thanks for being so nice to me.
Tom is just a little younger than I am.
My mother doesn't speak French.
Tom is just a little shorter than Mary.
Let me iron your shirt for you.
Tom is just a little shorter than I am.
I've hired myself an assistant.
Tom is a French teacher and so is Mary.
I've found myself a girlfriend.
Tom has a car that his father gave him.
I've been expelled from school.
Tom got home just before the storm hit.
I've been arrested three times.
Tom does whatever Mary tells him to do.
I'm younger than you may think.
Tom didn't want anybody to talk to him.
I'm turning thirty next Monday.
Tom did his best to catch up with Mary.
I'm the owner of this building.
Tom can ski almost as well as Mary can.
I'm pretty sure that we'll win.
Tom bought a pair of earrings for Mary.
I'm planning to move to Boston.
Tom always says nice things about Mary.
I'm not very good with numbers.
Mary begged Tom not to hit her anymore.
I'm not likely to ever do that.
It looks like Tom has done this before.
I'm not likely to do that soon.
I'm the one who always has to help Tom.
I'm not ever coming here again.
I'm pretty sure that Tom speaks French.
I'm likely to be there tonight.
I'll ask Tom for permission to do that.
I'd rather stay here by myself.
I think you should ignore Tom's remark.
I wore a white shirt yesterday.
I think Tom's luck is about to run out.
I was wearing shorts yesterday.
I think Tom still lives on Park Street.
I was hoping this would happen.
I sometimes help Tom with his homework.
I usually take a bus to school.
Have you ever met Tom's French teacher?
I used to have a job in Boston.
Everyone in Tom's class caught the flu.
I try to always tell the truth.
Who did Tom give his old saxophone to?
I tried to do it that way once.
We counted on Tom, but he let us down.
I taught myself how to do this.
Tom's girlfriend is younger than mine.
I taught myself how to do that.
Tom's family will need to be notified.
I still have several options.
Tom went to visit relatives in Boston.
I still do that whenever I can.
Tom went to the mall with his friends.
I still didn't know what to do.
Tom wasn't the first man Mary cheated.
I still believe that'll happen.
Tom was unconscious when we found him.
I sat at the counter by myself.
Tom was unable to talk at the meeting.
I probably won't do that again.
Tom was too tired to walk any further.
I need to buy myself some time.
Tom was the one who showed me the way.
I might not be able to do that.
Tom was the first person to volunteer.
I made myself something to eat.
Tom was responsible for what happened.
I made a couple of suggestions.
Tom was brought up by his grandmother.
I injured myself rock climbing.
Tom tried to persuade Mary to do that.
I hope I didn't offend anybody.
Tom thought that Mary was from Boston.
I found this behind your house.
Tom still doesn't know how to do that.
I found myself in a tight spot.
Tom sold his farm and moved to Boston.
I consider myself fairly lucky.
Tom should never have gotten promoted.
I can't bring myself to say no.
Tom seems to be much taller than Mary.
I came close to getting killed.
Tom seems to be much busier than Mary.
I asked you to stop doing that.
Tom seems to always be reading comics.
Does this air conditioner work?
Tom seemed to enjoy talking with Mary.
Did you find anything you want?
Tom says you're a bad influence on me.
Did you find anything you like?
Tom says he hasn't seen Mary recently.
You're good at making friends.
Tom saw Mary's car in the parking lot.
You're fun to play music with.
Tom said that he was going to do that.
You should do what we're doing.
Tom said he felt he needed to do that.
You seem to drink quite a lot.
Tom refused to answer Mary's question.
You seem to be very secretive.
Tom really isn't ready to get married.
You seem to be very organized.
Tom prefers to spend his time outside.
You seem to be very efficient.
Tom opened his own restaurant in 2013.
You seem to be very ambitious.
Tom never seems to like anything I do.
You seem to be really popular.
Tom needs to get rid of a lot of junk.
You seem to be quite outgoing.
Tom may not have done that by himself.
You seem to be quite friendly.
Tom may not be the only Canadian here.
You seem to be full of energy.
Tom looked well the last time I saw him.
You seem to be extremely lazy.
Tom left his science textbook at home.
You seem to be a troublemaker.
Tom isn't as young as he looks, is he?
You might not like doing that.
Tom is wearing one of my shirts today.
Who's in charge of doing that?
Tom is way more handsome than John is.
We still have a chance to win.
Tom is unlikely to want to go with us.
This should not have happened.
Tom is unlikely to help you very much.
That's actually what happened.
Tom is trying to keep a straight face.
Thanks for being so attentive.
Tom is not a very good French speaker.
People say I'm a good surgeon.
Tom is just a little taller than I am.
No one knew who was in charge.
Tom is good at doing things like that.
I've changed a lot since then.
Tom is definitely planning to do that.
I'm still not very hungry yet.
Tom is better at doing that than I am.
I'm still not quite convinced.
Tom is always way busier than Mary is.
I'm still not able to do that.
Tom has had a crush on Mary for years.
I'm not the one who does that.
Tom had no idea that Mary was married.
I'm likely to be busy all day.
Tom gets the best grades in our class.
I'll certainly try to do that.
I'd be happy if that happened.
Tom didn't know that Mary was unhappy.
I wrapped myself in a blanket.
Tom didn't do what we asked him to do.
I won't let you do that again.
Tom claims that he's never lied to me.
I wish I could stop shivering.
Tom can swim just as well as Mary can.
I wish I could stop hiccuping.
Tom asked Mary to make him a sandwich.
I wear jeans almost every day.
Tom and Mary had a fight this morning.
I was wearing jeans yesterday.
Tom always says nice things about you.
I wanted to sit near the door.
Nobody seems to know why Tom did that.
I usually eat lunch by myself.
It seems like Tom is enjoying himself.
I used to be a French teacher.
It looks like Tom is enjoying himself.
I thought you'd fallen asleep.
I'm sure Tom wouldn't want to do that.
I think you looked ridiculous.
I'm sure Tom won't be able to do that.
I still sometimes go swimming.
I wouldn't have given up like Tom did.
I still have feelings for you.
I was the one who told Tom to do that.
I still have a long way to go.
I still haven't forgiven Tom for that.
I said I thought it was funny.
I still have no idea why Tom did that.
I only wanted a cup of coffee.
I don't want to go to Boston with Tom.
I often don't work on Mondays.
Didn't you hear Tom calling your name?
I never want to do that again.
You don't seem to like Tom very much.
I need to get myself a lawyer.
I may need your help tomorrow.
Tom's whole family is very religious.
I made myself a big breakfast.
Tom won't be happy if that happens.
I hid myself behind a curtain.
Tom wasn't the first man Mary robbed.
I found myself a place to sit.
Tom wasn't able to get the safe open.
I forced myself to stay awake.
Tom wasn't able to get the door open.
I forced myself to stay alert.
Tom was the only person to volunteer.
I don't want to do that alone.
Tom was responsible for Mary's death.
I don't think I'm introverted.
Tom walked to the gate and opened it.
I don't often work on Mondays.
Tom tried to teach Mary how to dance.
I consider myself quite lucky.
Tom thought that Mary was a Canadian.
I also need to buy some sugar.
Tom thinks that Mary might leave him.
I also have a house in Boston.
Tom spent all day cleaning the house.
Have you eaten anything today?
Tom soon learned how to speak French.
Doing that won't be difficult.
Tom says I take myself too seriously.
Doing that could be dangerous.
Tom said he thought Mary needed help.
Do you wear a uniform to work?
Tom put his house in his wife's name.
Do you wear a uniform at work?
Tom pawned the jewelry he had stolen.
Did you see anything you like?
Tom never thought Mary would do that.
You would've loved the movie.
Tom looks a lot like his grandfather.
You should lose a few pounds.
Tom left the country on October 20th.
Why do you want to stop here?
Tom isn't a very good French speaker.
Why do you like working here?
Tom is waiting for Mary in the lobby.
Why didn't you do that today?
Tom is very good at imitating people.
Why did you go back upstairs?
Tom is usually busy in the afternoon.
What you did helped us a lot.
Tom is the one who helped me do that.
We only have options.
Tom is the one who called the police.
Thanks for being so tolerant.
Tom is stronger than you think he is.
No one would want to do that.
Tom is out shopping for work clothes.
I've bought myself a trumpet.
Tom is not so easy to get along with.
I'm unable to help you today.
Tom is married to a woman named Mary.
I'm the one who's in a hurry.
Tom is kind of cute, don't you think?
I'm ready to do that for you.
Tom is just a little younger than me.
I'm pretty creative, I think.
Tom is just a little shorter than me.
I'm older than you may think.
Tom is hoping that Mary will do that.
I'm not likely do that today.
Tom is getting ready to do just that.
I'm not a good tennis player.
Tom is always doing things like that.
I'm going to go home at 2:30.
Tom is a lot more creative than Mary.
I'm almost as old as you are.
Tom is a lot more creative than I am.
I wish I could stop sneezing.
Tom has gotten pretty good at French.
I wish I could stop coughing.
Tom figured out what the problem was.
I wanted to do that with you.
Tom doesn't like anyone in his class.
I usually take a bus to work.
Tom didn't like dogs when he was a kid.
I usually sleep in this room.
Tom cooked a special dinner for Mary.
I usually leave home at 6:30.
Tom cleaned out his closet yesterday.
I usually don't wear pajamas.
Tom can ski just as well as Mary can.
I used to be a forest ranger.
Tom came in spite of the bad weather.
I told my parents everything.
Tom calls me every day at about 2:30.
I thought you were listening.
Nothing can stop Tom from doing that.
I think I have what it takes.
No one could corroborate Tom's alibi.
I still have a chance to win.
It looks like Tom is up to something.
I still do that every winter.
I'll ask Tom if I can borrow his car.
I still do that every Monday.
I was the one who taught Tom to read.
I still can't swim very well.
I wanted Tom to teach me some French.
I poured myself another beer.
I wanted Tom to go to Boston with me.
I poured myself a cup of tea.
I think that car over there is Tom's.
I often come here on Mondays.
I think Tom speaks French quite well.
I might not be busy tomorrow.
I think Tom is probably awake by now.
I hid myself behind the tree.
I still sometimes play golf with Tom.
I hid myself behind the door.
I sat down on the ground next to Tom.
I found this under the table.
I politely declined Tom's invitation.
I don't like women like that.
I ate Tom's sandwich and he ate mine.
I don't like to speak French.
I accidentally stepped on Tom's foot.
I could've hurt myself today.
Did you really have a fight with Tom?
I could've done that for you.
You know where Tom lives, don't you?
I burned myself on the stove.
Why didn't you allow Tom to do that?
I bought myself a new camera.
What time did Tom say that happened?
I also speak a little French.
Tom's girlfriend is older than mine.
Have you already eaten lunch?
Tom's car was rear-ended by a truck.
Are you really that gullible?
Tom works for a credit card company.
You're fun to hang out with.
Tom will be out of town for a while.
You're being very obnoxious.
Tom was too tired to go any further.
You were acting like a baby.
Tom thought that Mary was in Boston.
You still owe me some money.
Tom spends a lot of time doing that.
You still haven't done that.
Tom should never have been promoted.
You seem to know what to do.
Tom seems reluctant to say anything.
You look like you need help.
Tom said that Mary looks like a boy.
You don't sound too worried.
Tom said he'd be willing to do that.
You always seem to be tired.
Tom said he wasn't going to do that.
Why did you stop doing that?
Tom realized that Mary wasn't happy.
We still have a few options.
Tom promised me he wouldn't do that.
The police searched my room.
Tom never should've gotten promoted.
That'll cost a lot of money.
Tom might not be willing to do that.
That boy is speaking French.
Tom made sure nobody talked to Mary.
I'm still not all that busy.
Tom looked well when I last saw him.
I'm not bothering you, am I?
Tom isn't part of our group anymore.
I'm neither rich nor famous.
Tom isn't much younger than Mary is.
I won't talk to you anymore.
Tom isn't much shorter than Mary is.
I was out all day yesterday.
Tom is younger than you think he is.
I wanted to do that for you.
Tom is wearing a loose-fitting coat.
I usually eat lunch at home.
Tom is waiting for Mary to call him.
I used to enjoy watching TV.
Tom is the one you should be asking.
I used to be quite handsome.
Tom is staying at his grandmother's.
I used to be a prison guard.
Tom is smarter than you think he is.
I took all my stuff with me.
Tom is responsible for Mary's death.
I think you look ridiculous.
Tom is probably thinking about Mary.
I think I'm not bad-looking.
Tom is probably planning to do that.
I think I'm not a bad coach.
Tom is much better-looking than you.
I think I shouldn't do that.
Tom is just a little taller than me.
I think I need an assistant.
Tom is in his bedroom, sound asleep.
I think I made a difference.
Tom is impossible to get along with.
I think I looked ridiculous.
Tom is definitely in love with Mary.
I think I can still do that.
Tom is better at swimming than I am.
I still have plenty of time.
Tom is better at doing that than me.
I still don't get the point.
Tom is at the supermarket right now.
I still come here every day.
Tom is as good a cook as his father.
I only read books in French.
Tom is a very talented chess player.
I only have three options.
Tom is a very good basketball coach.
I might do that later today.
Tom is a talented basketball player.
I might be doing that later.
Tom is a little bit like his father.
I injured myself doing that.
Tom has to speak French for his job.
I hurt myself playing rugby.
Tom has more friends than Mary does.
I don't usually wear a suit.
Tom has already finished his chores.
I don't often make mistakes.
Tom didn't tell you the whole truth.
I don't have any more water.
Tom can swim almost as well as Mary.
I don't eat meat very often.
Tom blushed when Mary smiled at him.
I disguised myself as a nun.
Tom asked Mary to stop tickling him.
I didn't wake up until noon.
Tom Jackson is my biological father.
I can beat anybody at chess.
There's no reason Tom would do that.
I bought new pair of gloves.
Nobody knew it was Tom who did that.
I almost never speak French.
It seems like Tom is having trouble.
French isn't that difficult.
It must've been difficult for Tom.
Doing that was a lot of fun.
I'll try to convince Tom to do that.
You've been very obnoxious.
I was never really in love with Tom.
You're old enough to drive.
I wanted Tom to sell me his old car.
You're a very brave person.
I tried to keep Tom from doing that.
You sure know how to party.
I think Tom didn't like the concert.
You sure do complain a lot.
I had a lot of fun talking with Tom.
You look like you're tired.
You should tell Tom not to do that.
You just drank from my cup.
Tom's car is still parked out back.
You have a plan, don't you?
Tom wasn't telling the whole truth.
You don't seem very hungry.
Tom wasn't at the party last night.
You did a very brave thing.
Tom was the first one to volunteer.
You always seem to be busy.
Tom was shot in front of his house.
Why were you waving a flag?
Tom was at home when that happened.
Why aren't you cooperating?
Tom wanted to stay a little longer.
What you said was impolite.
Tom tried to persuade Mary to help.
We should do that sometime.
Tom told me that you're unreliable.
This isn't where I grew up.
Tom thought that Mary was sleeping.
I've lost thirty kilograms.
Tom thinks he's stronger than I am.
I've hired myself a lawyer.
Tom smiles every time he sees Mary.
I've gotten divorced again.
Tom seems to be getting suspicious.
I'm very committed to this.
Tom says he left his house at 2:30.
I'm not going to volunteer.
Tom said you didn't seem convinced.
I'm not a very good singer.
Tom said he thought Mary was lying.
I'm not a very good artist.
Tom said he didn't mind doing that.
I'm likely to do that soon.
Tom mistook me for my twin brother.
I'd rather not do that now.
Tom made sure nobody could see him.
I want to do that sometime.
Tom made a delicious meal for Mary.
I usually wear black shoes.
Tom left home when he was eighteen.
I used to walk with a cane.
Tom left Australia on October 20th.
I think you should do that.
Tom isn't much taller than you are.
I think I'm very observant.
Tom isn't much taller than Mary is.
I think I'm nicer than you.
Tom is way more handsome than John.
I think I'm good at diving.
Tom is very hard to get along with.
I think I'm a good teacher.
Tom is very easy to get along with.
I think I'm a good surgeon.
Tom is unlikely to be here on time.
I think I'm a good manager.
Tom is the one who set this all up.
I think I look respectable.
Tom is smarter than the rest of us.
I still have many problems.
Tom is sitting next to the jukebox.
I still have a slight limp.
Tom is richer than you think he is.
I still have a lot of time.
Tom is on friendly terms with Mary.
I still have a few options.
Tom is not as impatient as Mary is.
I still can't grow a beard.
Tom is married to a French teacher.
I should lose a few pounds.
Tom is looking for something to do.
I saw myself in the mirror.
Tom is definitely going to do that.
I only made three mistakes.
Tom is better at cooking than I am.
I only made a few mistakes.
Tom is always way busier than Mary.
I only got one thing wrong.
Tom is a lot more creative than me.
I nearly got myself killed.
Tom has quite a temper, doesn't he?
I might be at home tonight.
Tom has offered to help us do that.
I made us something to eat.
Tom has lost his job and his house.
I made several suggestions.
Tom has done very well financially.
I made myself a cup of tea.
Tom has already decided to do that.
I lit three of the candles.
Tom got home from work early today.
I hid myself in the closet.
Tom got a job working as a janitor.
I hid myself in the bushes.
Tom flirted with Mary on the phone.
I got bored and left early.
Tom doesn't know how Mary did that.
I found this in the garden.
Tom didn't want to talk about that.
I found the door wide open.
Tom can swim about as well as Mary.
I found myself alone again.
Tom can ski almost as well as Mary.
I forced myself to do that.
Tom bought Mary a pair of earrings.
I don't often speak French.
Tom asked if he could use my phone.
I don't often go to church.
Tom asked Mary to stop texting him.
I didn't do that by myself.
Tom asked Mary to stop complaining.
I commute by bus and train.
Tom always wants to play the blues.
I can't afford to buy this.
Mary wanted to be Tom's girlfriend.
I can't afford to buy both.
I've asked Tom for help many times.
I also bought a dozen eggs.
I'll try to convince Tom not to go.
I almost got myself killed.
I would've told Tom if I had known.
Have you noticed a pattern?
I usually get home before Tom does.
Have you done that already?
I told Tom not to worry about that.
French isn't all that hard.
I thought you and Tom were married.
Doing that won't take long.
I thought that you were dating Tom.
Doing that isn't difficult.
I think Tom didn't want to do that.
You've done a lot already.
I still call Tom from time to time.
You've arrived very early.
I refused to answer Tom's question.
You're good at doing that.
I don't eat as quickly as Tom does.
You're being hypocritical.
Ask Tom who he learned French from.
You still love me, I hope.
You're likely not to even see Tom.
You still look very tired.
What time did Tom leave the hotel?
You seem to be happy here.
What Tom told me helped a lot.
You look like you're lost.
Tom's neighbors called the police.
You look like you're busy.
Tom's mother has gotten remarried.
You don't seem very happy.
Tom's dog is friendlier than mine.
You can't keep doing that.
Tom wished Mary would quit staring at him.
What you did helped a lot.
Tom wasn't happy with the results.
Nobody knows who did that.
Tom wasn't able to work last week.
It'll cost a lot of money.
Tom wanted to be more independent.
It'll be tough to do that.
Tom tried not to think about Mary.
I've gotten married again.
Tom took a lot of time doing that.
I've done a lot this week.
Tom told the police what happened.
I'm still getting dressed.
Tom told Mary he didn't trust her.
I'm not likely to do that.
Tom thought that Mary was at home.
I'm no longer needed here.
Tom sent Christmas presents to us.
I'm doing fairly well now.
Tom says he doesn't need our help.
I'm a pretty good juggler.
Tom said he'd like to talk to you.
I wish I had an assistant.
Tom never should've been promoted.
I usually wake up at dawn.
Tom looks a lot younger than Mary.
I usually eat lunch alone.
Tom is wearing a cool-looking hat.
I try to always be polite.
Tom is used to Mary's complaining.
I think I look ridiculous.
Tom is quite often late for class.
I still sometimes do that.
Tom is older than you think he is.
I still refuse to do that.
Tom is more creative than Mary is.
I still haven't done that.
Tom is different from most people.
I still do that every day.
Tom is better at swimming than me.
I sipped my coffee slowly.
Tom is better at skiing than I am.
I should've been notified.
Tom is an engineer and so is Mary.
I pushed the wrong button.
Tom is afraid that he'll get lost.
I play tennis fairly well.
Tom is a very disagreeable person.
I painted the fence white.
Tom is a lot younger than Mary is.
I painted the fence today.
Tom is a lot smarter than Mary is.
I only wanted a hamburger.
Tom is a bit younger than Mary is.
I only read the headlines.
Tom is a bit shorter than Mary is.
I hid myself behind the couch.
Tom hasn't yet told us everything.
I haven't paid for it yet.
Tom has started dating Mary again.
I got myself another beer.
Tom has no one to give him advice.
I fixed myself a cocktail.
Tom has more books than Mary does.
I felt very uncomfortable.
Tom has agreed to help us do that.
I excused myself and left.
Tom has a reputation for violence.
I eat a lot of vegetables.
Tom got an A on his spelling test.
Tom doesn't understand me, either.
I don't like Chinese food.
Tom doesn't always do it that way.
I don't have an assistant.
Tom disguised himself as a beggar.
I don't have a flashlight.
I did as I was instructed.
Tom didn't know how sick Mary was.
I considered myself lucky.
Tom didn't know how rich Mary was.
I can't do that very well.
Tom can ski about as well as Mary.
I burned myself yesterday.
Tom brought some clothes for Mary.
I bought myself a trumpet.
Tom blushed when Mary praised him.
I ate leftovers for lunch.
Tom asked Mary to do that for him.
I always try to be polite.
Tom and I both don't speak French.
I almost never wear a tie.
This isn't my bedroom. It's Tom's.
Don't talk to us that way.
Talking with Tom was a lot of fun.
Did you vote for yourself?
I've asked Tom to stop doing that.
Did you find any problems?
I sat down on a bench next to Tom.
Did you find any mistakes?
I did the same thing that Tom did.
Could you open the blinds?
How's Tom going to deal with that?
Are you really happy here?
Everyone in Tom's class likes him.
You've made three errors.
Does Tom have everything he needs?
You're obviously in pain.
Could you show Tom how to do that?
You're always doing that.
Why wouldn't you let Tom do that?
You still seem concerned.
What Tom told me was interesting.
You still look surprised.
Tom's sister is taller than mine.
You still look depressed.
Tom's mother is taller than mine.
You smell like a wet dog.
Tom wouldn't allow Mary to leave.
You seem a bit conceited.
Tom will be out of town all week.
You looked really scared.
Tom wasn't able to open the door.
You don't seem very busy.
Tom was shocked by what Mary did.
You certainly are greedy.
Tom was killed by his own father.
You certainly are clumsy.
Tom wants to play golf with Mary.
Why are you so confident?
Tom wanted to meet Mary's family.
We're all in danger here.
Tom wanted to do that by himself.
We don't need to be here.
Tom waited for Mary in the lobby.
That was very unfriendly.
Tom tore up the letter from Mary.
Please don't do that yet.
Tom told me that I was beautiful.
It'll be hard to do that.
Tom told me that I should retire.
I've burned myself badly.
Tom told me that I should resign.
I'm younger than you are.
Tom thought Mary was a good cook.
I'm still not hungry yet.
Tom thinks he's stronger than me.
I'm not a French teacher.
Tom talks a lot about his father.
I'm making breakfast now.
Tom should never have been fired.
I'm a pretty good golfer.
Tom says he has to wait for Mary.
I would've just given up.
Tom put his toys back in the box.
I was wearing sunglasses.
Tom probably did that by himself.
I was in Boston recently.
Tom must've forgotten to do that.
I was coughing all night.
Tom isn't very likely to do that.
I took a swig of whiskey.
Tom isn't quite ready to do that.
I think you need my help.
Tom isn't much younger than I am.
I think I've done enough.
Tom isn't much shorter than Mary.
I think I should do that.
Tom isn't much shorter than I am.
I still have to fix this.
Tom isn't as friendly as Mary is.
I shot myself in the leg.
Tom is working on that right now.
I sat down on the ground.
Tom is washing his car right now.
I probably won't do that.
Tom is waiting for Mary to leave.
I only have one good eye.
Tom is very much like his father.
I might do that tomorrow.
Tom is very afraid of his father.
I might be busy tomorrow.
Tom is used to this kind of work.
I didn't mind doing that.
Tom is trying to find Mary a job.
I didn't enjoy the movie.
Tom is trying on a pair of shoes.
Tom is sketching a bowl of fruit.
I cleaned the carburetor.
Tom is much younger than Mary is.
I can't help you anymore.
Tom is much heavier than Mary is.
I can't do that tomorrow.
Tom is likely to get there early.
I built myself a shelter.
Tom is likely to be disappointed.
I bought myself a ticket.
Tom is in Boston for the weekend.
I also play the trombone.
Tom is feeling much better today.
I also have a motorcycle.
Tom is better at cooking than me.
Doing that won't be hard.
Tom is already in love with Mary.
Doing that won't be easy.
Tom is almost as tall as Mary is.
Do you also speak French?
Tom is a very talented guitarist.
Are you still in college?
Tom is a lot taller than Mary is.
Are you still having fun?
Tom is a bit taller than Mary is.
You've really done well.
You're doing that wrong.
Tom hopes that Mary will do that.
You were probably wrong.
Tom has to look after his mother.
You were probably right.
Tom has agreed to do that for us.
You sure do sleep a lot.
Tom got a B on today's math test.
You sure do drink a lot.
Tom gave me a box full of apples.
You sure complain a lot.
Tom doesn't eat fruit very often.
You still look doubtful.
Tom didn't want to be left alone.
You still look confused.
Tom didn't want to be here today.
You seem very motivated.
Tom can speak French fairly well.
You seem very impatient.
Tom called Mary just before 2:30.
You seem very energetic.
Tom bought Mary a pearl necklace.
You seem very dedicated.
Tom blushed when Mary kissed him.
You seem a bit paranoid.
Tom and Mary both have daughters.
You need to do this now.
I've got great news for you, Tom.
You need to do that now.
I wanted Tom to do that for Mary.
You must be very hungry.
I wanted Tom to come to my party.
You look really worried.
I think you're wearing Tom's cap.
You have to do that now.
I think Tom didn't like the stew.
You have quite a temper.
I think Tom didn't like the food.
You certainly are smart.
I still don't like Tom very much.
Why were you doing that?
I doubt if Tom will ever do that.
Why do you want to stop?
I didn't tell Tom why I did that.
We're all teachers here.
You're almost as tall as Tom is.
You should do what Tom is doing.
You seem to be in love with Tom.
What Tom told me was intriguing.
The fire quickly spread.
Tom's mother is older than mine.
Mary looks pretty today.
Tom's arm needs to be amputated.
It's hot in the kitchen.
Tom will come if you ask him to.
It'll be fun to do that.
Tom wasn't here when I got here.
I've sent you something.
Tom was very sick all last week.
I've made many mistakes.
Tom was the one who was driving.
I've hired an assistant.
Tom was forced to make a choice.
I've decided to give up.
Tom was at the party last night.
I'm turning thirty soon.
Tom wants me to do that for him.
I'm not wearing clothes.
Tom wanted to go back to Boston.
I'm not good at driving.
Tom took the dog out for a walk.
I'm in a lot of trouble.
Tom took my umbrella by mistake.
I wasn't scared one bit.
Tom told me not to eat too much.
I was dancing by myself.
Tom told Mary to get in the van.
I was at home by myself.
Tom thought that Mary hated him.
I used to be happy here.
Tom talks a lot like his father.
I unplugged my computer.
Tom seldom writes to us anymore.
I turned off the engine.
Tom seems to be upset right now.
I tried to do that once.
Tom said you seemed unconvinced.
I think that's not true.
Tom said he thought I was lying.
I still want to do that.
Tom said he intended to do that.
I still have nightmares.
Tom said I looked sophisticated.
I still can't afford it.
Tom probably did that yesterday.
I should be at home now.
Tom often cooks dinner for Mary.
I seldom make a mistake.
Tom now believes what Mary said.
I respect everyone here.
Tom might be willing to do that.
I rented a pair of skis.
Tom might be interested in that.
I rarely read magazines.
Tom looks a lot older than Mary.
I rarely make a mistake.
Tom left Boston on October 20th.
I poured myself a drink.
Tom knew he had nothing to lose.
I only made one mistake.
Tom isn't much taller than Mary.
I looked up at the moon.
Tom isn't much taller than I am.
I hurt myself yesterday.
Tom isn't much like his brother.
I forgot to buy mustard.
Tom isn't as tall as his father.
I forgot to buy ketchup.
Tom isn't a very good carpenter.
I drank from the bottle.
Tom is wearing a bright red tie.
I don't play volleyball.
Tom is the one who gave me this.
I didn't like that idea.
Tom is the one who can help you.
I cried myself to sleep.
Tom is not as impatient as Mary.
I cooked myself a steak.
Tom is much taller than Mary is.
I can't do that tonight.
Tom is much busier than Mary is.
You're young and naive.
Tom is getting ready to do that.
You're very persistent.
Tom is better at skiing than me.
You're really creative.
Tom is at the library right now.
You're probably sleepy.
Tom is a very good poker player.
You're probably hungry.
Tom is a very good chess player.
You're our best player.
Tom is a talented guitar player.
You're obviously upset.
Tom is a good volleyball player.
You're obviously tired.
Tom helped me break out of jail.
You're obviously lying.
Tom has spent some time in jail.
You're not often wrong.
Tom has never been my boyfriend.
You're my kind of girl.
Tom got a job working in a bank.
You're easy to talk to.
Tom gave me a bag full of money.
You're clearly unhappy.
Tom gathered his books together.
You're being difficult.
Tom didn't want to go back home.
You're a good neighbor.
Tom convinced Mary to help John.
You're a good musician.
Tom certainly doesn't hate Mary.
You won't be forgotten.
Tom can speak French quite well.
You were very generous.
Tom asked me to do that for him.
You were quite helpful.
Tom and Mary seem to be in love.
You were irresponsible.
Thanks for being so nice to Tom.
You were inconsiderate.
Someone must've told Tom by now.
You were a little late.
Of course, Tom can speak French.
You still seem worried.
No one in Tom's class likes him.
You still look unhappy.
It seems like Tom is having fun.
You still look puzzled.
I'm not the one who punched Tom.
You sound very worried.
I wanted Tom to teach me French.
You offended everybody.
I think it was Tom who did this.
You must've been tired.
I think it was Tom who did that.
You must be very tired.
I still write to Tom off and on.
You must be very happy.
I promised Tom that I'd do that.
You looked embarrassed.
I enjoyed myself at Tom's party.
You look uncomfortable.
I call Tom almost every evening.
You look really scared.
Ask Tom where he learned French.
You have what it takes.
We should do what Tom is doing.
You have to study hard.
Tom's plan went horribly wrong.
You did that very well.
Tom won't be able to stop Mary.
What you said was rude.
Tom woke up early this morning.
We've run out of sugar.
Tom will be staying for dinner.
We'll probably do that.
Tom went there instead of Mary.
We should do that soon.
Tom was the first one to leave.
We need to do that now.
Tom was stunned by what he saw.
We have to do that now.
Tom was rushed to the hospital.
Tom was named after his father.
This really is amazing.
Tom walked his dog in the park.
The stew is still warm.
Tom tried to help Mary do that.
That was a good speech.
Tom took a swig from his flask.
Please don't leave yet.
Tom thought Mary was listening.
I've sent for a doctor.
Tom thought Mary was beautiful.
I've made many changes.
Tom still lives on Park Street.
I've lived a hard life.
Tom sent us Christmas presents.
I've hired an attorney.
Tom sent Mary a lot of letters.
I've filed for divorce.
Tom sent Christmas gifts to us.
I've filed a complaint.
Tom seems to be very patriotic.
I've emptied the trash.
Tom seems to be busy right now.
I'm older than you are.
Tom seems reluctant to do that.
I'm not likely do that.
Tom promised he'd be back soon.
I'm almost ready to go.
Tom may not be the only victim.
I'll do that by myself.
Tom isn't ready to do that yet.
I'll be busy elsewhere.
Tom isn't much taller than you.
I went down the stairs.
Tom isn't much shorter than me.
I went back downstairs.
Tom isn't a taxi driver, is he?
I wasn't wearing a hat.
Tom isn't a good tennis player.
I thought that was odd.
Tom is sure to be here on time.
I still live in Boston.
Tom is stronger than you think.
I still haven't shaved.
Tom is not very good at French.
I still have some time.
Tom is more creative than Mary.
I still have questions.
Tom is more creative than I am.
I still don't eat meat.
Tom is incredibly good-looking.
I rejected their offer.
Tom is cooking dinner for Mary.
I rarely make mistakes.
Tom is buying something to eat.
I put down my suitcase.
Tom is a very outspoken person.
I often drink red wine.
Tom is a lot younger than I am.
I mixed myself a drink.
Tom is a lot smarter than I am.
I looked in the mirror.
Tom is a carpenter and so am I.
I enjoyed myself today.
Tom is a bit younger than Mary.
I don't sing very well.
Tom is a bit younger than I am.
I don't like traveling.
Tom is a bit shorter than I am.
I didn't do that alone.
Tom is Mary's is older brother.
I can't ride a bicycle.
Tom has never had a steady job.
I can play the bassoon.
Tom has got it all figured out.
I also plan to do that.
Tom has been blackmailing Mary.
I also need to do that.
Tom had a lot of strange ideas.
I also have a daughter.
Tom doesn't know what Mary did.
I also enjoy traveling.
Tom didn't know how to do that.
Have you done that yet?
Tom could've called the police.
French isn't that hard.
Tom convinced Mary to help him.
You're very attentive.
Tom bought a necklace for Mary.
You're still the best.
Tom blamed his failure on Mary.
You're perfect for me.
Tom asked me to dim the lights.
You're our best pilot.
Tom asked Mary to stop yelling.
You're my kind of guy.
Mary knitted a sweater for Tom.
You're in danger, too.
Mary begged Tom not to do that.
You're fun to talk to.
It was easy for Tom to do that.
You're fun to be with.
I'll ask Tom if he can help us.
You're extremely kind.
I wanted Tom to do that for me.
You're driving me mad.
You're being stubborn.
I think Tom is probably asleep.
You're awfully skinny.
I still sometimes write to Tom.
You're as old as I am.
Did you manage to convince Tom?
You're a talented kid.
Did Tom tell you anything else?
You're a joy to teach.
Did Tom show you anything else?
You're a good swimmer.
Did Tom give you anything else?
You're a good manager.
Will Tom be back anytime soon?
You're a good juggler.
Why are you doing this to Tom?
You're a blabbermouth.
Tom won't be here until later.
You're a big fat liar.
Tom will come if you call him.
You still look sleepy.
Tom went to college in Boston.
You should be worried.
Tom wasted no time doing that.
You should be nervous.
Tom wasn't willing to do that.
You seemed really sad.
Tom wanted everybody to leave.
You seemed interested.
Tom told me that I was pretty.
You seemed distracted.
Tom thinks he's a good person.
You seemed devastated.
Tom testified at Mary's trial.
You seem pretty happy.
Tom suggested that we do that.
You seem happy enough.
Tom seems to enjoy being here.
You seem apprehensive.
Tom says he'll do that for me.
You seem almost happy.
Tom said he wanted to do that.
You might not like it.
Tom said I seemed embarrassed.
You looked very upset.
Tom said I seemed disoriented.
You looked quite busy.
Tom said I looked unimpressed.
You looked interested.
Tom said I looked unconvinced.
You looked a bit sick.
Tom said I looked embarrassed.
You look worried, too.
Tom said I looked dumbfounded.
You look very worried.
Tom said I looked disoriented.
You look very unhappy.
Tom said I looked discouraged.
You look very serious.
Tom ran to his car and got in.
You look very pleased.
Tom put on my coat by mistake.
You look very nervous.
Tom patiently waited for Mary.
You look very content.
Tom never should've done that.
You look very anxious.
Tom needed someone to talk to.
You look really bored.
Tom made cookies this morning.
You look pretty young.
Tom made a dollhouse for Mary.
You didn't seem angry.
Tom knew that he had to hurry.
You didn't look tired.
Tom isn't on the team anymore.
You didn't look angry.
Tom isn't much taller than me.
You didn't even smile.
Tom isn't going to go with us.
You can't do that yet.
Tom isn't as young as you are.
You can't be replaced.
Tom isn't as young as Mary is.
What you did was rude.
Tom isn't as smart as you are.
We have some problems.
Tom isn't as smart as Mary is.
They put me in charge.
Tom isn't as heavy as Mary is.
Mary is a tough woman.
Tom isn't a very good teacher.
I'm your son's friend.
Tom isn't a good poker player.
I'm still not so busy.
Tom isn't a good chess player.
I'm really busy today.
Tom is very likely to do that.
I'm not a lazy person.
Tom is the one who punched me.
I'm likely to be late.
Tom is quite fluent in French.
I'm as old as you are.
Tom is often late to meetings.
I'm a very shy person.
Tom is not as patient as Mary.
I'll probably do that.
Tom is much happier than Mary.
I'd like to pay later.
Tom is kind of busy right now.
I watered the flowers.
Tom is at the supermarket now.
I was in the audience.
Tom is almost as tall as Mary.
I want a new computer.
Tom is a well-educated person.
I tried, but I failed.
Tom is a lot taller than Mary.
I tightened the bolts.
Tom is a lot taller than I am.
I switched off the TV.
Tom is a citizen of Australia.
I still owe you money.
Tom is a bit taller than Mary.
I still have wet hair.
Tom is a bit taller than I am.
I still can't go home.
Tom is a bad influence on you.
I smiled at everybody.
Tom has never been happy here.
I slept on the ground.
Tom has done that in the past.
I sharpened my pencil.
Tom has been here three years.
I seldom speak French.
Tom had no problem doing that.
I sat down on a bench.
Tom had fun talking with Mary.
I rarely speak French.
Tom had fun dancing with Mary.
I rarely ever do that.
Tom grabbed the money and ran.
I promised to do that.
Tom flirted with Mary at work.
I peeled the potatoes.
Tom didn't want Mary to kiss him.
I need to do that now.
Tom convinced Mary to do that.
I might do that later.
Tom brought Mary some clothes.
I might be there soon.
Tom beckoned me to follow him.
I love being with you.
Tom ate just as much as I did.
I knocked on the door.
Tom asked Mary not to do that.
I have to do that now.
Tom admitted that he did that.
I have more questions.
This is what I bought for Tom.
I have money problems.
Nobody knows why Tom did that.
I have a weak stomach.
I went out for lunch with Tom.
I have a rare disease.
I think you should ignore Tom.
I found myself a seat.
I should do what Tom is doing.
I forgot to buy sugar.
I offered to help Tom do that.
I forgot to buy bread.
I don't think I impressed Tom.
I fell off the ladder.
Have you heard from Tom again?
I enjoyed the concert.
Ask Tom who taught him French.
I don't eat much meat.
You seem to know Tom already.
I could've died today.
What Tom told me was helpful.
I can't work tomorrow.
Tom's suitcase is over there.
I burned myself badly.
Tom's brother's name is John.
I baked some cupcakes.
Tom wouldn't want to do that.
I applied for the job.
Tom will help if you ask him.
I also have a brother.
Tom wasn't able to find Mary.
Doing that isn't hard.
Tom was at home at that time.
Doing that isn't easy.
Tom wanted Mary to marry him.
You're a strange kid.
Tom took his camera with him.
You're a good golfer.
Tom thought I was my brother.
You'll probably lose.
Tom thinks the world of Mary.
You still seem upset.
Tom thinks I'm in Boston now.
You still seem angry.
Tom suggested that I do that.
You still look upset.
Tom sells building materials.
You still look tired.
Tom seems to want me to fail.
You still look angry.
Tom says I'm unsophisticated.
You sound frightened.
Tom said I was inconsiderate.
You sing beautifully.
Tom said I looked very young.
You seem very sleepy.
Tom said I looked very upset.
You seem very scared.
Tom said I looked very tired.
You seem unperturbed.
Tom said I looked interested.
You seem unconcerned.
Tom promised me he'd do that.
You seem to be tired.
Tom never seems to get upset.
You seem to be lying.
Tom must love Mary very much.
You seem to be drunk.
Tom made a sandwich for Mary.
You seem to be bored.
Tom knew Mary wasn't at home.
You seem to be angry.
Tom isn't in very good shape.
You seem resourceful.
Tom isn't as rich as Mary is.
You seem really busy.
Tom isn't as busy as you are.
You seem quite happy.
Tom isn't as busy as Mary is.
You seem pretty nice.
Tom is very upset about this.
You seem pretty busy.
Tom is the one who kissed me.
You seem nice enough.
Tom is the life of the party.
You're smarter than you think.
She is absent.
He left for a month.
That's very unprofessional.
We've hardly seen each other lately.
I let him have it.
Tom was bullied by the other boys.
Mary was bullied by the other girls.
His mother comforted him.
Your father would be proud of you.
Tom's mother comforted him.
Her mother comforted her.
Millions of people lost their lives during the war.
I can't remember the last time I was so happy.
I can't remember the last time we had a white Christmas.
I can't remember the last time we made love.
You don't sound very excited.
You don't look very excited.
Why don't we do what is right?
He is still sleeping.
We're having a lot of fun learning English.
I'm trying to convince Tom to do that.
What Tom told me helped me a lot.
Judge for yourself and you won't be judged.
What did you want to do?
Tony is performing.
Sami was the father of Layla's son.
Sami was addicted to sex.
Sami slept with a gun under his pillow.
Sami ran the local hardware store.
Sami was renovating his home.
Sami soon became a regular at Layla's store.
Sami investigated Layla's past.
Sami was attracted by Jenny's Southern charm.
Sami couldn't believe his good luck.
Sami was looking forward to being a father.
Sami was growing very interested in Layla's finances.
Sami was disturbed enough by this.
Sami has been married twelve times.
Sami wanted revenge on Layla.
I don't know what will happen next year.
Her mother is a pretty woman.
The hat was blown away by the wind.
She has children.
Getting lost in the woods was not fun at all.
Do not enter the pool.
Entry of pool is prohibited.
Caution: wet floor
Please mind your belongings.
Please do not forget your belongings.
Lightning-prone area: please do not climb
Yield to the birds.
Give way to the birds.
It must be done quickly.
No taking photos.
Photography is prohibited.
Parking is prohibited.
Which one is Sami?
Sami will have his revenge.
The market was agitated.
Vaccines don't cause autism.
The Earth revolves around the sun.
Your mother would be proud of you.
"What did you get?" "Two Gaelic books."
"What did you give her this year?" "Two frying pans."
"What would you like?" "I'd like three cups of coffee, please."
"Would you like whiskey or wine?" "I'll pass, thank you."
"Who gave us this video?" "Tom did."
"Was it Tom who gave us this video?" "No, it wasn't."
"Did you buy the Audi?" "No, it was so expensive."
I wouldn't be pleased with that.
Natto smells terrible, but tastes great.
I'm against painting it again because it was painted just last year.
At the end of three years, I became fluent.
At the end of fifty-one years, Tom and Mary divorced.
Won't you go to the cèilidh tonight?
There's no contemporary poetry that I like, whether the writers are new or established.
The magazine only costs two pounds, including shipping.
I can't write good French.
Tom can't write good French.
"You speak French well." "I'm not as fluent as you are."
We'd have to paint the blade of the sword in order to change the color.
"Are you recommending a change to the UI?" "Yes, I'd be in favor."
Let's see if they have a distance-learning French course.
"Did you hear about what happened to Tom?" "Don't know, don't care."
Come back here immediately!
He bought flowers.
Isn't the trip to Australia quite expensive?
Two hundred eight pounds per person and a hundred fifty three for students.
This is easier than Tom expected.
We can catch the bus from this town.
I don't have to go, but you do.
Either you have to come up or I have to go down, I don't care either way.
Five dollars are worth one pound.
You were too slow.
This is music to my ears.
Tom didn't want to leave at all.
Who knows what might happen?
What do I care what he did?
French-medium education isn't useful.
French-medium education isn't necessary.
What do I care what he thinks?
What do I care what they think?
What do I care what she thinks?
Are polar bears bigger than grizzlies?
Guess how old I am.
"This is a very good brand," said Dad.
There must be a space after periods and commas.
Some individuals, due to technical limitations, write with hyphens or double hyphens instead of dashes.
Latin isn't dead. It's just evolved.
The community pastor wasn't a fiery preacher, but rather a talkative windbag and bore.
Who knows what might happen tomorrow?
Are you up for the challenge?
Who knows what might happen between now and then?
Who knows what might happen in the future?
Who knows what might happen a few years down the line?
Who knows what might happen over the next few weeks?
Why should I care what Tom thinks?
Why should I care what Tom does?
Why should I care where Tom goes?
Why should I care who Tom talks to?
Why should I care why Tom did that?
Why should I care what happens to Tom?
What on Earth is that?
Tom invited Mary.
"Is it easy to learn French?" "Well, it's easier than Gaelic."
Can Tom make it? He can't? Well, that's unfortunate.
I can't come, sorry.
I can't make it, sorry.
I'll call him on Friday.
"How many people did you invite?" "Five."
"Will the exam be difficult?" "It will be more difficult than the last one."
How many people did you invite?
How many people did you invite to your party?
How many people did you invite to your wedding?
How many people did you ask to help?
How many people did you see in the park?
That was a tremendous blow to Sami's ego.
Oh, I'm getting used to the dog, anyway.
This TV show is growing on me, anyway.
He said to me, "danger!"
I bought a new schoolbag today.
Today I bought a new schoolbag.
It rained in Sevilla.
Yesterday's weather wasn't so good.
Yesterday's weather wasn't very good.
I still live at my dad's place.
The convenience store ran out of business.
What on earth is going on here?
What on earth is happening?
Ever since he got promoted, Tom has been strutting around like he's the grand fromage.
Sami left his abusive mother.
Sami let Layla go.
Sami had a bullet lodged in his back.
Sami pulled the bullet out of Layla's back.
Sami said OK to that.
Sami gained his freedom.
Sami slid into a coma.
Sami's body fought infection from a botched surgical operation.
Sami shot his daughter.
Sami cut the bullet out of Layla's arm.
Sami wanted to burn Layla's body.
Sami's body was possessed by some evil spirit.
Sami wanted to purge the evil spirit our of Layla's body.
Sami burned all of Layla's possessions.
Sami wasn't dead.
Sami was burned while he was in a coma.
Sami burned Layla alive.
Sami would force-feed Layla.
Sami got sick from being force-fed.
Sami forced Layla to eat food with vomit in it.
Sami believed Layla was hurting him.
Sami witnessed each of Layla's brutal act.
Sami locked Layla in a closet without food or water for almost a week.
Sami tried to give Layla some water.
Sami wanted some water.
Sami had to leave Layla there.
Sami died at just twenty.
Sami told Layla that she would be next.
Sami's story was so grotesque that nobody believed him.
Sami was starting to doubt himself.
Sami's house was on fire.
Sami's body was discovered at the edge of a lake.
Sami listened to Layla.
Sami was responsible for these two killings.
Sami had very close connections to the crimes.
Sami's arrest ended his reign of terror.
Sami was given two years jail.
Sami was placed on probation.
Sami pled guilty to both murders.
Sami's mental illness didn't alleviate his punishment. He got two consecutive life sentences.
Sami is still affected by the horrors of his childhood.
Sami does love Layla.
Sami broke the code.
Sami broke the rules.
Sami depended on Layla to take care of him.
Sami was a promising cardiologist.
Sami was happy and confident.
Sami was a successful oncologist.
Sami was tortured with issues involving alcohol abuse.
Sami had emotional maturity issues.
Sami was a straight-A achiever.
Sami's problem was Sami.
Sami's problem was himself.
Sami turned to alcohol and narcotics to stop the pain.
Sami was technically a good doctor, but his alcohol abuse prevented him from practising.
Sami practised medicine.
Sami's violent mood swings shut him off from colleagues.
Sami had problems with self-discipline.
Sami threatened to leave Layla.
Sami started an affair.
Sami started planning retribution.
Sami bought some ornamental plants.
Sami planted some ornamental plants.
Sami's body reacted violently to the poison.
Sami became rapidly dehydrated.
Sami had terrible abdominal pain.
Sami is going to die.
Sami wasn't the only person on Layla's hit list.
Sami was having a breakdown.
Sami had a history of depression.
Sami couldn't control Layla.
Sami thought that Layla was trying to kill herself.
Sami didn't realize the deadly poison was meant for him.
Sami hasn't finished yet.
Sami was exasperated by Layla's behavior.
Sami moved out of the family home.
Sami and Layla's arguments continued.
Sami and Layla argued about her drinking issue.
Sami's need to punish Layla superseded any love he had for her and their children.
Sami had some mental health issue that hadn't been addressed.
Sami did a monster's thing.
Sami set his house on fire.
Sami was soon awoken by flames.
Sami remained in his room.
Sami locked the windows.
Sami made his way onto the roof.
Sami had a simple choice: jump or perish.
Sami landed on the ground.
Sami was lying dead in his bedroom.
Sami told Layla to wait.
Sami looked like he was sleeping.
Sami was charged with aggravated arson.
Sami was found guilty on all arson counts.
Sami wanted to make Layla pay for leaving him.
Sami had a horrifying secret.
Sami won't listen to his mother.
Sami would never listen to his mother.
Sami made a shocking decision.
Sami made another shocking decision.
Sami lived in a fantasy world.
Sami's mind was twisted.
Sami got in trouble.
Sami's victims had one thing in common: they were all prostitutes.
Sami's dark past resurfaced.
Sami abandoned his personal possessions in a Cairo apartment.
Sami thinks he has got a bargain.
Sami pushed the chair a little further.
Sami found the body of a little baby in an abandoned suitcase.
Sami couldn't afford a proper burial for Layla.
Sami was police only lead.
Sami found the mummified remains of a baby.
Sami is serving his sentences concurrently.
Sami carefully planned the killings.
Sami had something to find.
Sami was a star student.
Sami had something he desperately needed to hide.
Sami's body was dumped in the lake but it rose to the surface just days later.
Sami survived five tours of duty in the Middle East.
Sami's family made his life complicated.
Sami's family were helping him financially to get his practice going.
Sami didn't like the idea.
Sami decided that this was the solution to the problem.
Sami was waiting for Layla to arrive home.
Sami was not coming.
Sami has mysteriously gone missing.
Sami scoured the Internet to find more information about that.
Sami had a dark secret.
Sami's body was found in a pond on Layla's farm.
Sami pulled in the driveway.
Sami knew.
Sami called Layla to a secluded cemetery.
Sami made a strange confession.
Sami wanted to protect his family.
Sami kept many drugs in his room.
Sami and Layla went out to celebrate their graduation.
I just stopped by to give you something.
Sami was touched by Layla's gift.
You should give me flowers.
You can't all come in.
You still forgot your money.
No hard feelings about yesterday, right?
It's a no-win situation for both of them.
Birds flap their wings to fly.
He should be here any moment now.
The age gap between them is rather large.
There are many people who believe in the flat earth conspiracy theory.
I accidentally used up all the bandwidth.
I need a purple crayon for my drawing.
The company thinks their new product is going to sell like hot cakes.
In interesting places you can always meet tourists from around the world.
The supermarket is out of business.
The supermarket ran out of business.
People said so in the sixties.
We must defeat our enemies.
We must vanquish our enemies.
We have to defeat our enemies.
We must defeat our foes.
We have to defeat our foes.
We must vanquish our foes.
He is my arch-nemesis.
Despite revitalization efforts, the number of speakers of the language continues to decline.
Revitalization efforts have failed to stop the decline in the number of speakers of the language.
The language is expected to die in the near future.
Why save languages?
Doesn't language death mean fewer barriers to communication?
If a language dies, doesn't that mean it is easier for people to communicate?
If a language dies, doesn't that make communication easier?
Doesn't language death make communication easier?
Concerted governmental action has succeeded in halting the decrease in the language's number of speakers.
The language is not expected to die for the foreseeable future.
We must combat language death, as languages provide valuable scientific and historical information.
Thanks to concerted action on the part of the government and non-governmental organizations, the language now has a stable number of speakers.
I'm learning Welsh.
Many books are published in Welsh every year.
Many Welsh books are published every year.
It would be a great loss to science if this language were to die.
Languages provide valuable scientific data.
The disappearance of a language means the disappearance of priceless scientific data.
When a language disappears, valuable knowledge disappears with it.
When a language dies, valuable knowledge disappears with it.
Many languages are exclusively oral.
Many languages are not written.
We must defeat our opponents.
We have to defeat our opponents.
I have to defeat him.
These bandits are despicable.
These bastards will never take me alive!
Those bastards will never take me alive!
"We're surrounded!" "They'll never take us alive, boys! Charge!"
We must vanquish our opponents.
I must defeat her.
I must defeat it.
My disease will kill me.
The prognosis is not good.
The prognosis does not look favorable.
I was given an unfavorable prognosis.
My prognosis is bleak.
By all accounts, it appears I will die.
It seems I will die.
It appears I will die.
We all have to die sooner or later.
Everyone dies sooner or later.
Please tell me I'm not going to die.
He is a promising pupil.
He was a promising pupil.
She is a promising pupil.
She was a promising pupil.
He has talent.
She has talent.
Talent will get you nowhere without hard work.
Talent without hard work will get you nowhere.
Talent is useless without hard work.
Talent without hard work is useless.
Hard work is necessary if you want to be successful. Unless your parents are rich, of course.
You have to work for a living, unless your parents are rich.
Those born into poor families must work to survive; those born into poor families can be as lazy as they want.
The word's origin is unknown.
The word's origin is unclear.
The origin of the word is unclear.
The word's provenance is unclear.
The word is of unclear provenance.
Where does the word come from?
The word comes from Latin.
European languages have many loanwords from Latin and Greek.
European languages have many borrowings from Latin and Greek.
Tonight we saw a night of dance by some of the world's top contemporary choreographers.
I saw it in a documentary produced by NHK, Japan' s public broadcaster.
Latin and Greek have been significant sources of borrowings for European languages.
English has many words of Latin and Greek origin.
English possesses many words of Latin and Greek origin.
This language sounds ugly.
This language sounds beautiful.
This threatens to ruin our plans.
This threatens to foil our plans.
We must plan ahead.
The future is bleak.
Well, of course it sounds bad when you put it that way.
Written text generally cannot convey the intonation of spoken language.
Written text generally does not convey the intonation of spoken language.
You must write every day.
What's the hardest language?
What's the hardest language you've learned?
What's the hardest language you know?
What's the easiest language?
This is an extraordinarily difficult tongue.
This tongue is extraordinarily difficult.
This is an extraordinarily complex tongue.
This is an extraordinarily complex language.
This is an extremely difficult language.
This is an unusually difficult language.
This language is unusually difficult.
I hope the language doesn't die.
I have no one to speak the language with.
I have no one with whom to speak the language.
I don't know anyone I can speak the language with.
You can't become fluent if you don't practice.
You can't become fluent if you don't speak it with someone.
Kill all who resist.
Kill all the survivors.
Kill them all.
Kill all the prisoners.
Kill all the captives.
You should forgive those who wrong you.
You can't get good at it if you don't practice.
You have to practice if you want to get good at it.
Destroy the city.
Destroy the castle.
Destroy the fortress.
Annihilate them.
Despite concerted effort on the part of the government and private actors, the language's future is bleak.
Despite concerted effort by the government and private actors, the language's future is bleak.
The language's future looks promising.
Only forgiveness can break the endless cycle of revenge.
The endless cycle of revenge can only be broken by forgiveness.
Revenge is an endless cycle.
Revenge is a never-ending cycle.
We will help as many people as we can.
Refugees are welcome here.
That language sounds awesome.
That language sounds terrible.
That language sounds hideous.
I wash my hands a lot.
Everything man can imagine can be done.
I love improvising.
My improvisations are tolerably good.
Don't look at me that way!
I hate this weather.
Did you tell the truth?
Do you know where Tom hid?
Tom suffered from migraine headaches for years.
Don't drink from the bottle, please.
They should realize that true religious commands lie in the heart of every man in the form of his conscience, and that the most important are reciprocal esteem and a desire to help.
Elliptical bicycles are a good option for exercising indoors.
That's not very convincing.
I knew there existed an artificial language that was fairly widely spoken, but I had never been interested enough to find out more about it.
Recently, while browsing Wikipedia, I came across Esperanto.
I'm not good at learning foreign languages, but I was pleasantly surprised by how easy this artificial language was.
At first, I thought I had an advantage because I spoke a Romance language.
In my free time, I write on my blog.
Usefulness must be combined with pleasantness.
The case will be examined.
Are you older than eighteen years old?
I smacked him on the ear.
We must help as many people as we can.
We must help all of them.
How many people will you help?
How many people have you saved?
How many people have you killed?
How many lives have you ruined?
This sentence is egregiously wrong.
This sentence makes no sense.
Native speakers can give you conflicting information about what is or is not correct in their language.
They all contradict each other.
They contradict each other.
He never changes his opinion, even when confronted with the contradictions between his beliefs.
He contradicts himself all the time.
She contradicts herself all the time.
They contradict themselves all the time.
Logic is not his strong suit.
Logic is not her strong suit.
Logic is not their strong suit.
Everyone is illogical, except me. I know this because I am the only intelligent person in the world.
It is difficult to objectively analyze one's own beliefs.
We must go to the moon.
We have already gone to the moon.
Why should we go to the moon?
It's boring on the moon.
There's nothing interesting on the moon.
Going to the moon is expensive.
We should go to Mars.
When will people visit Mars as tourists?
When will people vacation on Mars?
Almost nobody lives in Antarctica.
Deserts are unpleasant places to live.
Antarctica is an unpleasant place to live.
If I didn't know better, I'd say you were trying to hide something from me.
It's such a lovely language.
I know of no language that I adore as much as this one.
That's just superstition.
Stop being so superstitious.
Shut up and help me!
What are the lyrics?
Songs are a great way to learn languages.
My blog is very popular.
Everyone and their dog has a blog nowadays.
I couldn't care less what "the people" think.
This language will likely die soon.
Since when do you have the right to tell me what to do?
I am highly intelligent.
I'm highly intelligent.
It is often the case that people who brag about their intelligence are actually not very intelligent.
What's on the leaf?
What's on that leaf?
I hate bugs.
Bugs disgust me.
I love bugs.
Bugs fascinate me.
This is a cosmopolitan city.
Some cities are very cosmopolitan. Others, less so.
I will die if I do that.
You'll die if you do that.
I'll die if I do that.
Unfortunately, I don't have a say in the matter.
You don't have a say in the matter.
He doesn't have a say in the matter.
She doesn't have a say in the matter.
This city is not cosmopolitan at all.
We're lost in the middle of nowhere!
It's a boring little place in the middle of nowhere.
What is your mother's surname?
What accent is that?
Sami and Layla's marriage started like a match made in hell.
Sami's family home became a house of horror.
Sami made a desperate plea for help.
Sami's family was destroyed.
Sami's secret was exposed.
Sami donated his lands to the mosque.
Sami did everything to satisfy Layla.
Sami had a lot of money in the banks.
Sami was completely unaware of the insatiable greed driving Layla.
Sami believed he deserved more than what he had been given in life.
Sami asked Layla to manage the company accounts.
Sami saw an opportunity.
Sami completely took advantage of Layla.
Sami trusted Layla completely.
I don't know what's in the crate.
I don't know what is in the crate.
I don't know what is in the box.
I don't know what's in the box.
I do not know what is in the box.
I do not know what is in the crate.
I do not know the contents of the box.
I do not know the contents of the crate.
I don't know the contents of the box.
I don't know the contents of the crate.
We have to find out what's in the box.
We have to find out what's in the crate.
I wonder what's in the crate.
Take this box.
I'm not supposed to take presents from strangers.
Take this crate.
Where was the crate shipped to?
How many barrels are there?
How many crates are there?
How many boxes are there?
This place is so boring.
This place is so exciting.
You're such a boring person.
You're such an insufferable person.
You are such an insufferable person.
You are such a boring person.
"Are you any good at translating?" "Good at it? Translation is my middle name!"
Need a light?
Don't take presents from strangers.
Cities are usually much more polluted than villages.
Big cities are exciting, but polluted. Villages are clean, but boring.
The city is exciting, but the countryside is boring.
I'm going for a bike ride. Want to come?
I beat my personal record yesterday.
I need a stopwatch.
I need to get to a library.
There are few specialists in the world who can treat this disease.
I've discovered a cure!
The branch is about to fall off.
The branch is about to break.
He ripped up the piece of paper.
He tossed the paper into a shredder.
Toss it into the trash.
I tossed it in the trash.
The snow should be gone soon.
There's a hole in the roof.
I'm not a fan of comic books.
I don't know what accent that is.
Those are just details. Look at the big picture.
How many bikes do you have?
How many bicycles do you have?
It's very warm here.
The weather here is very mild.
How many pets do you have?
I need to get to a doctor.
I need to get to a vet.
The library is pretty small.
It's a small library.
It's a huge library.
Once you go in, you'll never come out again.
Once you try it, you'll never stop.
Life is a sexually transmitted disease.
Life is a sexually transmitted terminal disease.
He picked up the feather.
He examined the feather.
Experts notice things laymen do not.
What is color?
How much do you think this costs?
This computer is so slow.
This computer is really fast.
I've had no problems with this computer.
Don't tell me you actually believe this nonsense.
Don't tell me you actually believe this crap.
I don't know what this sentence means.
I have no idea what this sentence means.
I have no idea what this sentence could possibly mean.
What does this expression mean?
Can you program?
Do you know C++?
Do you know Python?
Can you write a script for me?
Which operating system is the best?
What's the best operating system?
Hold on, bucko. Let me see what you got there.
Stereotypes exist for a reason.
We need common sense regulation.
We need common sense policy.
We need common sense gun policy.
I have never had a credit card.
I refuse to apply for credit cards.
Debt can ruin your life.
We must figure out how to fix this.
Airplanes are expensive.
I have modest tastes. Wealth does not interest me.
If I had a million dollars, I would give most of it away and retire.
Being rich is not inherently bad.
It is immoral to be rich.
It is not immoral to be rich.
It is not immoral to be wealthy.
It is immoral to be wealthy.
We should figure out what to do next.
Did you or did you not stop beating your wife? Answer "yes" or "no".
Democracy sucks. But it's better than the alternatives.
I see a tower over there.
The grass is starting to become green.
There's a stop sign over there.
Didn't you see the stop sign? You could have had us killed!
Electricity can be lethal.
This is made of wood.
According to the latest census, the language's number of speakers appears to be stable, or even increasing.
This is a gross violation of privacy.
I don't care about civil rights.
We must fight to preserve our civil rights.
We must fight to safeguard our civil rights.
How many bombs have been dropped?
How many cities have been bombed so far?
How many have died because of you?
You are the scum of the earth.
This keyboard's stopped working.
This mouse has stopped working.
The monitor's stopped working.
The keyboard's stopped working.
The CPU's stopped working.
The motherboard's stopped working.
The electricity's not working.
The heating unit's not working.
The heating units aren't working.
The computer's not working.
The snow is a hideous brown color.
There are many jellyfish at the beach.
I'm terrified of jellyfish.
I was stung by a jellyfish once.
Do jellyfish have consciousness?
You can never really know anything.
Whether free will exists has been debated by philosophers for a long time.
In English, it is very easy to write entire books without giving away your gender. This is unlike Romance or Slavic languages, which inflect adjectives, and sometimes even verbs, for gender.
In English, unlike in many other languages, one can write entire books without giving away one's gender.
The lack of gender in English is not due to the English having a more egalitarian culture.
The language is still going strong.
In many languages, it is difficult to produce text or speech that does not give away one's gender.
Grammatical gender is not universal.
You must show me what to do.
Show me what to do.
The window is filthy.
Clean that window.
Clean the window.
Clean the windows.
Skydiving is very dangerous.
Is this a present?
A present? For me? Thank you!
It is difficult to form sentences in languages you don't know very well.
Who are you, and what do you want from me?
Does anyone have a match?
Does anyone have a lighter?
Song lyrics are often misheard, even by native speakers.
He's mumbling.
He mumbles so much it's impossible to figure out what he's saying.
They're talking over each other.
Can you understand any of this?
Do you understand any of this?
The Normans invaded England in 1066.
I hate skyscrapers.
I love skyscrapers.
Skyscrapers and multi-story buildings are a very efficient use of land.
Urban sprawl is environmentally damaging.
Skyscrapers are so beautiful.
We cannot let these corporations tell us what to do.
We can't let these corporations push us around.
These corporations want to dump lead and radioactive waste in our drinking water. This cannot be tolerated.
I'm a trustworthy person.
I think Obama would be a great President of France.
We can't let them push us around.
He wrote something on a piece of paper.
He listened carefully.
He suddenly stopped in his tracks.
What are you planting?
I need more seeds.
Which of you people called me?
I speak it very poorly.
I speak broken English fluently.
This is a pidgin language.
Creoles develop from pidgins.
Never forget to begin each sentence with a capital letter.
It was a very long period of peace.
My tongue tastes like the salt of your tears.
It's difficult to remember how to speak a language if you don't have any opportunities to speak it.
We're trying to phase out the use of non-biodegradable materials.
She doesn't remember where she put her key.
The best thing one can do is be quiet.
A girl called me.
Let me take a piss, put a scarf on, and then we can go.
Who does Tom play?
Have you ever wondered what it's like to be a butterfly?
My opponent hit a wicked drop shot to save the first match point.
"I gave Link a sankrumi to help him on his way." "What's a sankrumi?" "I wonder that myself, really."
Feminism is about giving women a choice; feminism is not a stick to beat other women with. It’s about freedom, it’s about liberation, it’s about equality.
We're ashamed of our father's poverty.
It is difficult to be fluent in a language when one has no opportunities to speak it.
You don't have to do this!
I added a corpus of two thousand sentences in Toki Pona to Tatoeba.
A lie is often easier to believe than the truth.
"Were you able to catch the cat?" "I tried to, but it escaped."
You know I don't like it when you're late.
Before being declared a country, who did Kosovo belong to?
That is absolutely amazing to me.
I find that absolutely amazing.
That's absolutely amazing.
I won an award.
He won an award.
She won an award.
I won an award for it.
She won an award for it.
They won an award for it.
We won an award for it.
It's such a shame you're leaving.
It's too bad you're leaving.
That is sad, but well said.
A man was driving his car in France, when he was stopped by a policeman, whom he greeted in thickly accented French. Before asking for his driver's license, the policeman asked, "Are you a foreigner, sir?" To which the man replied, "No, I'm English."
There's lots of movement here.
Japan declared war on the United States in December of 1941.
There weren't any trains, so we had to walk the whole time.
Can you lend me a dollar?
He called him.
He named it.
I don't always understand everything you're saying.
I don't always understand everything that you say.
He kept making fun of me.
He kept teasing me.
He kept mocking me.
He should be in jail.
She should be in jail.
It's a wonder you're not in jail.
I'm not a fan of that maniac.
He's a complete maniac.
We lost hope.
We'll help as many people as we can.
I left your flash drive at home.
Going to Madrid on Thursday.
Can I get a refund for this train ticket?
We're almost broke.
It rained and even snowed yesterday.
Buttons occur when you press the screen and disappear again after seconds.
Can I borrow your laptop for a second?
There seems to be no need to hurry.
I paid for the tickets.
Tom paid for the tickets.
Tom is the one who paid for the tickets.
I haven't paid for the tickets yet.
Have you paid for the tickets yet?
This afternoon I went to a pharmacy.
The heart of man is corrupt.
I have written your name in my heart.
Tom was accused of practicing witchcraft.
Mary was accused of practicing witchcraft.
I've read some of these books.
I haven't yet read all of these books.
These aren't fish but mammals.
Help me and I'll help you.
The problem with you people is that you're too politically correct.
What people call political correctness is in reality politeness.
It is remarkable that persons who speculate the most boldly often conform with the most perfect quietude to the external regulations of society. The thought suffices them, without investing itself in the flesh and blood of action.
Write it with a pen.
He's over but still financially dependent on his parents.
Call me when you're ready to go.
I chipped my tooth.
My tooth is chipped.
How did you chip your tooth?
He fell down the stairs.
These people are idiots.
No one should be subjected to such humiliation.
No one should be subjected to such a punishment.
I am against the death penalty.
I am in favor of the death penalty.
What color is the curtain?
"Buy a curtain." "What color?"
There is no such thing as devolution.
Evolution is not progression, but adaptation.
We're cut from the same cloth, as it were.
We have the same genes.
We inherit our genes from our parents.
It's a French name.
It's a German name.
It's an English name.
It's a Scottish name.
It's an Irish name.
It's a Russian name.
It's a Serbian name.
It's an Arabic name.
It's a Christian name.
It's a Muslim name.
It's a Hindu name.
It's a Welsh name.
It's a Japanese name.
It's a Chinese name.
It's a Korean name.
It's a Vietnamese name.
It's a Thai name.
It's an Indian name.
It's a Spanish name.
It's a Portuguese name.
It's an Italian name.
It's an Icelandic name.
It's a Polish name.
It's a Romanian name.
It's a Hungarian name.
It's a Germanic name.
It's a Scandinavian name.
It's a Greek name.
It's a Roman name.
It's an Egyptian name.
It's a Slavic name.
You're going to watch a movie.
I've already translated a quarter of the book.
"Are you Catholic or Protestant?" "I'm an atheist." "Yes, but are you a Catholic atheist, or a Protestant atheist?"
My beliefs are none of your business.
We need lower taxes.
Lower taxes stimulate economic growth.
Higher taxes strangle the economy.
We must ban opposing views.
Let us not ban everything we disagree with.
I have no teeth left.
I still have a couple of fingers left.
My foot was amputated.
My hand was amputated.
My ear was amputated.
There are many books I should read, but haven't.
These people are the scum of the earth.
We must do everything we can to stimulate the economy.
How can we hope to attract investors when taxes are so high?
In order to conquer outer space, we must find a way to make space profitable.
Space technology will remain dependant on national governments unless we find a way to make space profitable.
We aim to stimulate the creation of a private space industry.
Imagine if the vast wealth of corporations were put to use for conquering space.
Do you think there are any Earth-like planets?
Research of outer space will explode once the private sector gets involved.
I painted the wall.
Did you paint the wall?
Did you buy any paint?
We need paint thinner.
I don't think we have enough paint thinner.
I don't think we have enough paint.
Does anyone know where we can find a ladder?
A screw's missing.
The grass is yellow.
The leaves are yellow.
The leaves are turning yellow.
Is this biodegradable?
You have to recycle.
Please tell me you're not serious.
"You can't be serious." "Oh, but I am."
You'll never get away with this!
The battery's dead.
The phone's charging.
I bring my phone with me everywhere.
I'm going to the concert tomorrow.
I'm going to summer camp next year.
He stared at the ceiling.
She stared at the ceiling.
Which foreign language are you most proficient in?
I see something over there.
Come on, Spot. Roll over. That's a good boy!
I hate zoos.
If I were in charge, I'd ban all zoos.
What's wrong with zoos?
I don't see anything wrong with zoos.
I'm glad you're all here.
I have a pet frog.
I have a pet snake.
I have a pet ferret.
We should be there soon.
This needs a proofreader.
Did no one proofread this?
This clearly hasn't been proofread.
Some languages are inherently superior to others.
No language is inherently superior to any other.
We must do everything we can to fight oppression wherever it occurs.
I don't believe in love.
He was struck by Cupid's arrow.
It is irrelevant what you think.
Your opinion is worthless.
Your opinions are worthless.
I feel like my opinion doesn't matter to him.
No one cares what I think.
No one cares what you think.
No one cares what he thinks.
No one cares what she thinks.
I'm studying economics in college.
I'm looking for my boots.
Both children and adults enjoy his books.
Do men and women think differently?
Didn't anyone proofread this?
I'd do the same for you.
Have you proofread this already?
Did you proofread this?
Why don't you ask Tom to proofread this for you?
It was a pleasure working with you.
Cities are very polluted; villages are very boring.
The city is very polluted; the countryside is very boring.
Don't impose your beliefs on other people.
In the Indian Wells tournament, Nadal is projected to play Federer in the fourth round. This is the first time since they can meet before the QFs.
Sami wanted a good time.
Sami turned Layla's story into a stage production.
Sami wanted to survive on his own.
Sami had the sheriff in his back pocket.
Sami offered the sheriff alcohol and women.
Sami was a slow-witted handyman.
Sami was known around the town as Gunner.
Sami's mother is now dead.
Sami took in all kinds of lost souls.
Sami was looking for a way to make ends meet.
You called me a coward.
Sami married Layla.
I'll not forgive Layla.
I saw Sami on the farm.
Go back in the room.
Layla ran off with Sami.
Sami found a way to make a little extra money.
Sami was very subservient to Layla.
Sami did whatever Layla told him to do, and that included murder.
Sami had greed as a motivator for murder.
Sami's business was booming.
Sami's greed was satisfied.
Disaster struck Sami's family.
The Great Depression hit Sami's family hard.
Sami was a powerful businessman.
The Great Depression triggered a great surge in crime.
The Great Depression was the golden age of gangsters.
Sami took a deadly gamble.
Sami was sentenced to death.
Sami was in dire straits.
Sami was in Layla's way.
Sami became a bit of a burden on Layla.
Layla was paying for Sami's addiction to alcohol.
Sami hit rock bottom economically.
Sami took an insurance policy on Layla.
Sami was also greedy.
For a cut in the insurance money, Sami helped Layla kill her husband.
The story began at the insurance office.
Sami took out over a dozen separate policies over Layla's life.
Sami died accidentally.
Sami will receive around 13,dollars.
Sami had an accident.
Sami had a deadly accident.
Poverty added to Layla's temptation.
Sami's business has been crippled by the Great Depression.
For Sami, killing was an easy means to an end.
Sami had a price on his head.
Sami had a little accident.
Sami knew Layla was a drunk.
Sami was hit by a car.
It was a great plan, or so it seemed.
Sami and Layla drove Farid to a deserted farm.
The area was very isolated at the time.
Sami came out, wielding a large butcher knife.
Sami struck Layla on the head.
For Sami, the murder had to look like an accident.
Sami suddenly turned up.
Attack is the best defense.
Go ahead and call the police.
Sami dumped Layla's bloodied body in the woods.
Sami died in a hit-and-run accident.
It was at that point that the problem developed.
Sami was a little too eager to get his hands on the money.
Sami demanded a new autopsy.
Sami had no broken bones below his chest.
Sami had no injuries to his legs.
Women have the right to choose.
We're working on women's rights.
Women should have their faces visible.
Some women know what they want from an early age.
Women like attention.
Layla and Salima lived in the same apartment, but they were very different women.
Sami knew how to talk to young women.
We are three lonely women.
I really think that we, women, have an extra sense.
Your daughters have turned into women.
All women like diamonds.
That's what women want.
I don't want to get too technical.
Her performance was painfully cringeworthy.
I lost my phone number. Can I have yours?
To be honest, if you listen to jazz as background music, you're not getting much out of it.
In my free time, I come up with plans to create more free time.
What makes people happy?
Tom jumped on his horse.
Tom got exactly what he wanted.
He got exactly what he wanted.
She got exactly what she wanted.
You can't put that into words.
The proposed law has significant flaws.
I know that you're vegetarians.
I hope that you'll accept my request.
The proposed law has several flaws.
The proposed law is significantly flawed.
The proposed law is very flawed.
The proposed law is fundamentally flawed.
Universal suffrage was a major achievement.
This manuscript is illegible.
I have terrible handwriting.
This is a cursive script.
My handwriting is illegible.
This handwriting is illegible.
I just won the lottery.
Illegal immigration is a serious problem in this country.
There are many serious problems in this country. Illegal immigration is not one of them.
Poverty is a problem. Inadequate access to healthcare is a problem. There being "too many foreigners" is not a problem.
The existence of "foreigners" in this country is not a real problem. It is a fake problem. There are many other issues that are much more pressing than being "forced" to hear people speaking other languages as you walk down the street.
There are too many foreigners in this country.
Foreigners are very intolerant.
Of the many issues facing our society, the existence of ethnic minorities is not one of them.
Oppression breeds oppression.
You shouldn't kill living creatures for fun.
It's a sentient being, just like you.
How do you know I'm a sentient being?
How do I know you're a sentient being?
I love Romance languages.
I love Germanic languages.
I love Turkic languages.
I love Slavic languages.
I love Celtic languages.
I love Finno-Ugric languages.
I love Uralic languages.
He can pass for white.
She can pass for white.
How do you calculate the radius from the circumference?
He didn't dare take a step further; he knew that once he crossed the doorstep there would be no going back.
If you can convince the lowest white man he's better than the best colored man, he won't notice you're picking his pocket. Hell, give him somebody to look down on, and he'll empty his pockets for you.
I'd prefer to speak to you in private.
The Celtic languages are in decline.
The hunger and poverty in this resource-rich world are one of the despicable characteristics of humanity.
I wrote an arrangement of this piece for a symphony orchestra.
I like my bike.
I have an awful bike.
I'm studying for my exam.
Did you wash your hair?
I didn't wash my hair.
I should wash my hair.
Your hair is filthy.
You look filthy.
Not all of us were fortunate enough to win the inheritance lottery when we were born.
Philosophy has much to teach us.
Literature can teach us much about ourselves.
What is human nature?
We must never forget the sacrifices our ancestors made so that we could enjoy our current liberties.
If you want freedom, you have to fight for it.
Freedom can never be secure if people don't fight for it.
People can't have freedom if they don't fight for it.
We're surrounded by enemies.
This is an addicting game.
I'm addicted to video games.
I don't play video games anymore.
Don't read the comment section!
Don't read the comments section!
The first rule of the internet is: don't read the comments.
I love listening to Rachmaninoff.
Who is the greatest composer of all time?
This concerto is a bit weak.
I'm going to perform one of Mozart's violin concertos.
I didn't know he wrote a cello concerto.
Everybody said, "That's impossible." Then someone came along who didn't know that was so and did it.
What instruments do you play?
Hand me that bar of soap.
I need that bar of soap.
Latin was formerly a lingua franca.
Who's your favorite composer?
Listen to that beautiful waltz.
It's a polka.
This piece uses modes rather than scales.
The wall is freshly painted.
We just finished painting the house.
We just finished painting the wall.
How much does this ladder cost?
How fast is your computer?
This monitor has a much larger resolution than my old one.
How many politicians does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
They just released a new CPU.
We have to boycott them.
Let's boycott them.
Boycotts can be very effective in changing a company's policy.
Get out of my country.
This is my country.
This is my country, not yours.
If it's not possible, we have to make it possible.
It is our job to make the impossible possible.
What is impossible for you could very well be possible for someone else.
That man disgusts me.
He disgusts me.
She disgusts me.
Remember to recycle.
I recycle as much as possible.
I have solar panels.
I use solar panels.
Self-driving cars are the future.
He's in the forest.
It's hidden somewhere in the forest.
The arrow missed him and hit a tree.
I hear a woodpecker.
Do you know how to fish?
I don't know how to fish.
Do you know how to hunt?
I don't know how to hunt.
Look at all those ants.
Freedom isn't something that's just given to you. You have to fight for it and seize it yourself.
Tom suddenly realized that Mary loved him.
Mary suddenly realized that Tom loved her.
Mary suddenly realized she loved Tom.
Tom suddenly realized he loved Mary.
Love is transient.
Love quickly burns out and turns into hate.
He didn't take care of his body's needs.
It's a pop song.
Trash belongs in the trash.
Who's the greatest composer of all time?
Linux is not an operating system, but only a kernel.
Many people mistakenly say "Linux" when they're really referring to the GNU system with Linux as its kernel.
That's prescriptivism.
Are you always this stuck up?
How many languages are in danger of dying?
I'm learning Hungarian and Polish on Duolingo.
She wrote a book about a bird.
At some point, this sentence will be translated in Esperanto.
If you don't drink anything, you'll surely die.
I have a lot of friends in Germany.
A caliper is an instrument for measuring thickness and internal or external diameters inaccessible to a scale or a ruler.
I think we have to wait a little more.
This is a beautiful concerto.
I'm calling Sami.
I'll call Sami.
We must be ready to accept the consequences of our own action.
Those who do not remember the past are condemned to repeat it.
Good fortune has little to do with luck and more with diligence.
We were born into this world for a reason.
There are many stars in the universe that are larger than the sun.
The Sun is a G-type main-sequence star.
The Sun is the brightest object in the sky.
Tom got off scot-free.
My son is an Aspie.
Scientists have successfully created time crystals.
What game did you play?
Sami wanted to give meaning to his own life.
Has he arrived?
Has she arrived?
They're getting closer.
I love Bantu languages.
I love Sino-Tibetan languages.
I love Austronesian languages.
I love Semitic languages.
I love sign languages.
Turn on the light. I can't see anything.
I want to quickly confirm my flight again.
But the butcher is observing the holiday today, there's nothing we can do about it.
I was waiting.
I have a dull pain in my temples and my mind feels like its covered with a thin layer of fog.
People call this kind of bird a cuckoo.
I find politics very interesting.
On the other hand, you want to come to Tianjin for fun and to talk to me.
I actually don't have time to deal with these, and its not really any of my business.
For one's health, both work and play are necessary.
How do you read this character?
I haven't finished this.
He is already skilled in both math and literature.
I am sleeping.
She is certainly a career woman.
The multinational corporation has forecast the implementation of economies of scale.
No need to say anything more. How about we go to Zhouzhuang?
I also agree.
His parents are moving back to their home town.
A person has morals like water is clear.
I like shopping on Fifth Avenue in New York.
Mary likes her coffee without sugar.
Today, I again didn't get to ask a single question
She's in the forest.
He's in the garden.
She's in the garden.
Come on, chop chop! Let's get cooking with this!
Lectures take place frequently.
In summer it often rained.
The weather was warm but rainy.
I've sent for the doctor.
The father is there.
The fathers are there.
You have a horse.
The horse is in the forest.
I help the father.
Father is here.
Father is not here.
I study psychology in Baku State University.
He has favored our undertakings.
I am fine, thank you very much.
Nothing stands in the way.
I am also fine.
Why do you want me to stop?
Every Friday night they went and drank.
He is unable to complete it.
Would it be okay if we went out to eat together this time?
"That's genocide!" "You call it genocide, I call it preemptive neutralization of undesirable elements. Tomayto, tomahto."
I'd like to leave this town and never come back.
I have no options left.
Here's a suggestion.
There's no contact.
It was minutes too long.
I talk to myself a lot, but there's no need to worry.
Always the same.
Hey! I didn't expect to see you here. Small world, isn't it?
My neighbors are French.
Things are a little rough right now.
Tom killed the rat with a cane.
Like Russian, Bulgarian is written with the Cyrillic alphabet.
Tom has been dragging his feet.
Tom bought the newspaper.
In order to learn an indigenous or minority language, it is often necessary to learn the dominant language of the region or country.
You have to know Spanish to learn this language.
You have to know Portuguese to learn this language.
You have to know Russian to learn this language.
You have to know Mandarin to learn this language.
You have to know English to learn this language.
I got out of bed.
He got out of bed.
She got out of bed.
He pushed me.
She pushed me.
They ganged up on me.
They ganged up on her.
He was beaten up by a gang.
She was beaten up by a gang.
I was beaten up by a gang.
Be careful. There are gang members prowling the streets.
This neighborhood has a high crime rate.
This country has a very high crime rate.
What is crime?
This neighborhood is very safe.
This is a dangerous neighborhood.
This neighborhood is dangerous.
This neighborhood is very dangerous.
This is a very dangerous neighborhood.
I need a list of all the dangerous neighborhoods in the city.
All of my neighbors are jerks.
My neighbors are all jerks.
I despise my neighbors.
My neighbors hate me.
My neighbors despise me.
My neighbors loathe me.
My house isn't insulated.
My house is very insulated.
My house is so insulated, heating costs almost nothing.
My house has no insulation.
Insulation is for wimps who can't handle the cold.
In the winter, I go swimming in frozen lakes.
Such is life in Russia.
This is a great dictionary.
This dictionary has example sentences.
This dictionary has sentences that illustrate how to use each word.
I'm reading a fascinating biography.
I'm reading a fascinating autobiography.
I'm reading a fascinating memoir.
You shouldn't look down on those who are less fortunate than you are.
I'm reading a fascinating book.
You should read this book.
This is a fascinating book.
This is a fascinating biography.
This book is fascinating.
This biography is fascinating.
My website is banned in China.
That website is banned in China.
This is an awful dictionary.
This is a terrible dictionary.
They live outside the city.
You live outside the city.
This is on the list of banned websites.
This book is banned.
This is on the list of banned books.
Books should not be banned.
Book banning is an authoritarian act.
The condescension in this article is unbearable.
Stop patronizing me.
There are few dictionaries of this language.
There are no dictionaries of this language.
This is an unwritten language.
This is an oral language.
This is a vernacular.
This is a regional dialect.
This is a regional pronunciation.
This pronunciation is nonstandard.
This is a nonstandard pronunciation.
This verb form is nonstandard.
It is possible that this word will be considered standard in the future.
Regional dialects should be preserved.
Just because a pronunciation is nonstandard doesn't mean it's inferior.
How many sentences does this book have?
How many sentences do you think this book has?
How many words do you think this book has?
How many letters do you think this book has?
This book is written in multiple languages.
This is a bilingual book.
This book is in Russian with facing English translation.
The heating must be expensive during the winter.
I had no idea what the sentence could possibly mean, but once I saw the translation, everything suddenly clicked.
How hot is it where you live?
How cold is it where you live?
How warm is it where you live?
You are banned from this website.
I was banned from that forum.
They banned me.
He is very self-serving.
She is very self-serving.
He is such a hypocrite.
She is such a hypocrite.
I'm a hypocrite.
I know I'm a hypocrite.
You are now banned.
He doesn't care about anyone but himself.
She doesn't care about anyone but herself.
I don't care about anyone but myself.
She only cares about herself.
I only care about myself.
Who's that poem by?
Who wrote that poem?
Who's that book by?
Who wrote that book?
This piece makes heavy use of dissonance and syncopation.
Glad to hear it.
I opened the door, and who should I see but my old friend Tom.
"Are you Dutch?" "Yes, I am."
Click on the link below.
Is this another video of a cat wearing clothes?
Don't tell me you sent me another cat video.
I'm sick of cat videos.
If everyone watched at least one cat video a day, the world would be a better place.
Whether a language sounds nice or not depends on the attractiveness of the voice of the person speaking it.
A language can sound beautiful when spoken by one person, but hideous when spoken by another.
"That language sounds terrible." "No, that guy just has an ugly voice. If you listen to this other guy speaking it, you'll see it sounds quite beautiful." "You're right. It does sound lovely."
He is a Native American.
The language is indigenous to the area.
All languages came from somewhere else.
I don't consider myself an idiot.
It's a Latin word.
It's a Greek word.
It's a Romance word.
It's a Germanic word.
It's a Slavic word.
This word is clearly of Germanic origin.
This word is clearly of Slavic origin.
Despite being related, the two languages are very dissimilar and, at first glance, do not appear to have anything to do with each other.
Heavy lexical borrowing has obscured the language's true origin.
She was very kind.
I am not a nice man.
I am a bad man.
I'm a bad man.
He's a bad man.
He is a bad man.
It was necessary for the police to intervene.
Tell me what I'm supposed to say, and I'll say it.
I'm supposed to read off this piece of paper.
His speeches are all written by other people.
Her speeches are all written by other people.
My speeches are all written by other people.
He hires other people to write his speeches.
She hires other people to write her speeches.
I hire other people to write my speeches.
That word is very difficult to pronounce.
I find it very difficult to pronounce that word.
I'd like to be able to play an instrument.
Music is boring.
Music bores me.
This is such a tedious symphony.
This is one of the greatest symphonies ever composed.
Don't be so elitist.
This is elitism.
The words "elitist" and "elitism" are often used by anti-intellectuals.
Criticizing something as being "elitist" is often a disguised form of anti-intellectualism.
When people take them to task for their insufferable rudeness, they hide behind the phrase "free speech".
Criticism of "elitism" is often a veiled attack on intellectualism.
Criticism of "elitism" is often a veiled form of anti-intellectualism.
Anti-intellectualism is often couched in the disguise of criticizing "elitism".
I should've studied more.
Criticism of "elitism" is often veiled anti-intellectualism.
I blush when I see you.
We're number one at being last!
They say peanuts are aphrodisiacs.
Rent is cheap here.
Heating is expensive here.
Rent is expensive here.
Heating is cheap here.
How much is the rent for this apartment?
I'm not as good a French teacher as Tom.
Tom wasn't aware that Mary couldn't speak French.
I read as few books as possible.
Anti-intellectualism is often cloaked as criticism of elitism.
I have not received any E-mails today.
Once you're in, you can't get out.
Stop barking!
I've never seen so many people in one place.
Does it look better like this?
Your hair looks fine.
Your hair looks just fine.
Where do you want the piano?
I hope nothing's happened to her.
I hope nothing's happened to him.
What happened to your nose?
The security guards wrestled Tom to the ground.
I emailed customer support about the problem.
I called customer service because they sent me the wrong item.
If history could teach us anything, it would be that private property is inextricably linked with civilization.
She can play piano very well.
Potatoes don't eat people!
Don't feed the potatoes.
Please don't feed the potatoes.
It's going to get a lot colder.
Do you see the boy?
Do you see the sky?
Do you see the river?
I see the river.
It's not like you caused actual bodily harm during the crash right?
I was eating dinner.
I'll bring my dog here so you can see it. Are you crazy? Don't you dare bring animals in here!
Your house is cool.
Your house is awesome.
If Brunhild gets up then she's not feeling well.
I need money because I need to pay for my electricity.
I'll finish my work so it'll be done soon.
The girl is pacing in front of the house.
I can't hold in my laughter.
The doctor at the hospital can't do anything for Tom so that's why he's just going home.
He got arrested.
Jesus, Mary, and Joseph!
Don't force it if you can't do it.
Tom is attracted to girls.
I'm living in Boston now.
We told him the truth and he still won't believe it.
Look at this guy.
Look at that girl.
She never says hello.
Tom never says anything.
She never even called me back.
I'm sorry. I thought you knew.
Her eyes sparkled.
She let him kiss her hand.
Tom's parents own the grocery store.
Tom's parents own a grocery store.
She said that she thought I was cute.
I thought he was cute.
Hey, can I get you a drink?
The girls giggled when Tom walked by.
I was trying to show off.
I wasn't trying to show off.
Tom wiped the snow off his face.
Tom wiped the sweat off his face.
Tom has a black belt in Taekwondo.
Thank you for adding me to the group.
Tom fell out of the lift chair.
Tom crossed his skis and crashed.
Please comment on when and where the profile picture was taken.
I brought you some Belgian chocolates.
I bought you some Belgian chocolates.
Tom brushed his hair out of his face.
Mary brushed her hair out of her face.
Look at him. He looks like an idiot but he's also very cute.
I ordered some food.
This is the first time I've been away from my family for more than three weeks.
Tom and Mary plan to get married as soon as they graduate from college.
My French teacher tells me that I seldom make mistakes when writing in French.
I like both Tom and Mary, but I think Tom is more fun to hang out with.
I find it difficult to believe that you'd rather stay home than go to a party.
Tom didn't deny that he was the one who stole Mary's diamond necklace.
We're working on something that needs to be finished by the end of the day.
Tom didn't have enough time to answer all the questions on the test.
I'm always worrying about things that don't really matter all that much.
Tom told Mary that she was the most beautiful woman he'd ever seen.
I'm wearing a new pair of shoes today, so I don't want to walk too far.
Tom knows better than to do something like that without permission.
When was the last time you had to deal with this kind of problem?
Tom admitted that he was the one who stole Mary's diamond necklace.
You never look angry, even though I know that sometimes you are.
Tom didn't even have money to buy food for himself and his family.
I would never try to do something like that without your help.
Tom checked the contents of the bag that someone had left behind.
I'm wearing new shoes, so I don't want to walk too far today.
The first thing Tom did was to tell Mary about what had happened.
I'm the type of person who always has to have the last word.
I should've told Tom that I didn't want to go to Boston with him.
I'm the kind of person who always has to have the last word.
Tom plans to get married as soon as he graduates from college.
To tell you the truth, I'm not sure what I should be doing.
I was madly in love with Tom when I was in junior high school.
I'll be wearing a white sports jacket to the party tonight.
I bought a cap for Tom and I'll buy a pair of gloves for Mary.
Would you be willing to lend me enough money to buy a car?
You never really wanted to go to the dance with Tom, did you?
The doctor says I'll probably never be able to walk again.
Tom was eating pizza at a restaurant when the fire broke out.
I'm the type of person who always has to have his own way.
Tom says he hasn't seen Mary since he graduated from college.
I don't think I've ever heard you complain about anything.
Tom saw Mary walking in the park with someone he didn't know.
I can't remember the last time I did something like this.
I just learned something about Tom that I didn't know before.
Is the shirt you're wearing the one you bought yesterday?
Tom was angry at Mary for leaving their children unattended.
I'm willing to do whatever it takes to get this job done.
Tom tried to give Mary some money, but she wouldn't take it.
Are you willing to work on Saturday and Sunday this week?
The first person I met when I became a student here was Tom.
You've always been a very easy person to get along with.
We're going to invite Tom and Mary to visit us next summer.
You never seem to be interested in talking about sports.
There's a rumor that Tom and Mary are going to get married.
We never stay in Boston for more than a couple of weeks.
The next song I'm going to sing was written by Tom Jackson.
The way you describe Boston makes me want to move there.
I could never afford to buy the kind of house Tom lives in.
My wife is usually the one who puts the children to bed.
I don't think I've ever heard Tom complain about anything.
I've been told that this will likely never happen again.
Tom told Mary that she would have to do that by herself.
I never really wanted to become a professional musician.
Tom has been going with Mary for almost three years now.
I forgot to wear my hat and my face got badly sunburned.
I don't think it'll be too long before we see Tom again.
I decided then and there to never let that happen again.
When Tom got to Mary's house, she was already sleeping.
I thought you said that you didn't know how to do that.
Tom wasn't wearing his uniform the last time I saw him.
Could you please tell me what I'm supposed to be doing?
Tom was unable to get Mary to understand what he meant.
I'm usually the one who drives the children to school.
Tom told Mary not to interfere in his personal affairs.
I thought you said that you didn't want to go with us.
Tom stopped talking as soon as Mary came into the room.
I almost always arrive on time or a few minutes early.
I should've told Tom that I couldn't understand French.
Does anyone here know what we're supposed to be doing?
Tom has been engaged to Mary for at least half a year.
You seem to be very knowledgeable about this subject.
Tom explained to Mary why he couldn't go to her party.
I'll never understand why people do things like that.
I suggest that you don't tell Tom about what happened.
You always seem to be broke by the end of the month.
I spent most of my time with Tom when I was in Boston.
I'm the only one here who has never lived in Boston.
Who's that guy over there who looks so much like Tom?
I'm not too pleased with how things have turned out.
Tom has been staying with his grandmother all summer.
I'm never going to let you go to Boston by yourself.
Tom and Mary were very happy to see each other again.
You're not very likely to succeed this time either.
Tom and Mary invited John and Alice to their wedding.
You said that you never liked the way I did things.
The man who shot Tom had a gun with a silencer on it.
You haven't yet paid me for the work I did for you.
Tom wanted to become a professional baseball player.
Why have you never said anything about this before?
Tom told me that you're very difficult to deal with.
We'll get an opportunity to do this again, I think.
Tom told me that you're the person I should talk to.
I thought you said that you didn't want to do that.
Tom said he didn't know where he was supposed to go.
You're wearing an expensive-looking pair of shoes.
Tom is trained to deal with these kinds of problems.
We'll likely never find out exactly what happened.
Tom didn't deny that he was the one who killed Mary.
I've never told anyone about what really happened.
I can't think of anyone better than Tom for the job.
I've never been able to do it this quickly before.
Both songs that we sang tonight were written by Tom.
I've always had trouble reading between the lines.
Would you mind if I asked you a question about Tom?
I'm willing to lend you some money if you need it.
Tom knew immediately that what Mary said was a lie.
I'm waiting for someone to show me how to do this.
Tom is upset with Mary because she didn't help him.
I'm never going to do what you're asking me to do.
Tom is looking at the pictures Mary took in Boston.
I think it's a lot better here than it used to be.
Tom couldn't remember the combination for the safe.
I always try to put things back where they belong.
I should've told Tom that I didn't know any French.
I almost always wear sunglasses when I go outside.
I like both Tom and Mary, but I think Tom is nicer.
Does anyone here know how to operate this machine?
I heard that Tom and Mary are going to get married.
Does anyone here know how to get this window open?
How did Tom know that Mary wasn't going to be here?
You're very good at playing the tuba, aren't you?
Tom wasn't with Mary the last time she visited us.
You never seem to spend much time helping others.
Tom lost his life in a mountain climbing accident.
You never really wanted to go to Boston, did you?
I'm sure Tom will do anything Mary asks him to do.
You almost never complain about anything, do you?
We have no plans to replace Tom after he retires.
We're trying to make the best of a bad situation.
Tom told Mary that she needed to be home by 2:30.
We never stay anywhere for more than three weeks.
Tom fell in love with Mary the moment he met her.
I've never seen anything like that happen before.
Tom doesn't speak French and Mary doesn't either.
I've always wanted to be a professional musician.
Tom asked Mary if she really meant what she said.
I'm willing to work late today if you need me to.
I've never been able to beat Tom at table tennis.
I'm trying to earn enough money to buy a bicycle.
You sit here, Tom, and you sit over there, Mary.
I wasn't able to keep up with the other students.
When Tom entered the room, Mary stopped talking.
I don't like walking through the woods by myself.
We're going to invite Tom and Mary to our party.
Have you done everything you were supposed to do?
Tom thought that Mary might try to kill herself.
Could you please tell me what I'm supposed to do?
Tom stood next to Mary, whispering into her ear.
You never seemed to really want to study French.
Tom married his first wife when he was nineteen.
You never seemed to pay much attention in class.
Tom lives in a mansion in the rich part of town.
Would you be willing to help us again next week?
Tom didn't know that Mary was planning to leave.
I've never told anyone what happened that night.
Tom and Mary rented an apartment on Park Street.
I've never had to worry too much about anything.
Tom and Mary are studying for their French test.
I'm used to dealing with these kind of problems.
Tom and Mary are always competing for attention.
I hardly ever listen to classical music anymore.
To tell you the truth, I don't love Tom anymore.
I don't always do what my mother tells me to do.
It's good that we still have Tom working for us.
I bought a new notebook and a couple of pencils.
I'm the only one here who knows where Tom lives.
What's the chance of that ever happening again?
You really don't believe what Tom said, do you?
We never talked about what happened that night.
Tom went duck hunting a couple of weekends ago.
We never stay anywhere longer than three weeks.
Tom wasn't with Mary when her purse was stolen.
To tell you the truth, I'm not sure what to do.
Tom wasn't the only person that Mary talked to.
To tell you the truth, I don't know what to do.
Tom wanted the party for Mary to be a surprise.
I've been working overtime every day this week.
Tom speaks French better than you might expect.
I'm wearing the jacket I bought three days ago.
Tom probably wouldn't do something that stupid.
I'm trying to make the best of a bad situation.
Tom might not have done what people say he did.
I'm not too pleased with how things turned out.
Tom just kept saying he didn't know what to do.
I'm going to a conference in Boston next month.
Tom just kept saying he didn't know the answer.
I would never wear a hat that looked like that.
Tom is the guy who knows everything about this.
I would never try to do that without some help.
Tom is no longer planning to be here on Monday.
I never stay anywhere for more than three days.
Tom didn't seem to enjoy the concert very much.
I never expected the concert to last that long.
Tom convinced Mary to go to the dance with him.
You're wearing a very expensive-looking watch.
The man playing the piano is named Tom Jackson.
You're the first Canadian I've ever talked to.
I'm worried that something might happen to Tom.
You never told me anything about the accident.
I wasn't the one who taught Tom how to do that.
You never seem to pay much attention in class.
I never really wanted to go to Boston with Tom.
You never seem to be interested in helping us.
Why don't you go out and get a drink with Tom?
You never seem to be interested in doing that.
We should do something like what Tom is doing.
You never look like you're having a good time.
Tom went out last night, but Mary stayed home.
You have to change trains at the next station.
Tom tried to get Mary to stay for another day.
Would you like to go out with me this weekend?
Tom told Mary that she should come home early.
When was the last time you watered the garden?
Tom says he hasn't seen Mary for three months.
We've been having a lot of fun here in Boston.
Tom probably won't want to do that by himself.
We'll get an opportunity to try that tomorrow.
Tom never told me that he was going to resign.
We won't be going back to Boston anytime soon.
Tom is very good at kissing according to Mary.
It looks like you're trying to hide something.
Tom eventually found out what the problem was.
I've never lived in a French-speaking country.
I'll be meeting Tom in Boston early next week.
I've never been in this part of Boston before.
According to Tom, Mary got married last month.
I'm waiting for someone to tell me what to do.
Who's that guy over there who looks like Tom?
I'm usually the one who takes out the garbage.
Tom was born on a farm not too far from here.
I'm used to dealing with this kind of problem.
Tom stood aside to let Mary through the door.
I'm trying very hard to get this done by 2:30.
Tom might not have been the one who did that.
I think that women always do things like that.
Tom is Mary's second cousin, I'm pretty sure.
I started walking with a cane three years ago.
Tom didn't want to share his lunch with Mary.
I never really wanted to learn how to do that.
Tom didn't know that Mary wanted him to stay.
I have more experience doing this than you do.
Tom and Mary wanted to go to Boston together.
I didn't expect the concert to last that long.
Tom and Mary divided the apples between them.
Have you done everything we've asked you to do?
I think that guy looks a little bit like Tom.
You shouldn't always believe what others say.
I saw Tom and Mary taking a walk in the park.
You seem to be very knowledgeable about this.
I saw Tom and Mary on the beach this morning.
You never should've eaten at that restaurant.
I haven't been able to get in touch with Tom.
You never seemed to spend much time studying.
I don't think Tom has time to help you today.
You never mentioned any of this to me before.
Don't people tell you that you look like Tom?
I've never been to a French-speaking country.
Could you please be quieter? Tom is sleeping.
I'm trying hard to get this done before 2:30.
We need more people like Tom working for us.
I'm the only one here who can't speak French.
Tom woke up earlier than usual this morning.
I'll never figure this out without some help.
Tom wants to learn how to cook Chinese food.
I won't be able to do that without your help.
Tom tried to speak to Mary, but he couldn't.
I won't be able to do that without some help.
Tom suggested that I go to Boston with Mary.
I never stay anywhere longer than three days.
Tom said he was concerned about the problem.
I don't enjoy playing chess and I never have.
Tom said he had 300,dollars in his safe.
I almost always wear a hat when I go outside.
Tom said he didn't know who that person was.
You're not very good at doing that, are you?
Tom likes his coffee without cream or sugar.
You shouldn't have eaten at that restaurant.
Tom has gotten fired from more than one job.
You seem to be working very hard these days.
Tom doesn't like to talk about what he does.
You never seemed to really enjoy doing that.
Tom didn't come and Mary didn't come either.
You never seem to get anything accomplished.
I've asked Tom several times not to do that.
You never really wanted to do that, did you?
I'm about three centimeters taller than Tom.
You never really wanted to be here, did you?
I wasn't the one who told Tom what happened.
You never put things back where they belong.
I want you to stay here until Tom gets here.
I've spent a lot of time trying to fix this.
I thought you said that you didn't like Tom.
I've never said a word to anyone about that.
I plan to go to Boston next week to see Tom.
I've never lived anywhere other than Boston.
Everyone except Tom is planning to be there.
I'm waiting to see how things will turn out.
Do you remember that Canadian guy named Tom?
I'm used to getting up early in the morning.
Tom would do anything Mary asked him to do.
I'm probably much older than you think I am.
Tom wasn't aware that he was being watched.
I'm not always in the office in the morning.
Tom says he won't be able to do that today.
I'm going to miss being the mayor of Boston.
Tom lives above me and Mary lives below me.
I'll probably be able to come to your party.
Tom keeps a lot of cash in his desk drawer.
I was almost always at the top of the class.
Tom is looking forward to working with you.
I thought you said that you didn't eat meat.
Tom got Mary to help him with his homework.
I should never have been allowed to do that.
Tom died when he was just thirty years old.
I have a lot of questions I want to ask you.
Tom and Mary threw the ball back and forth.
I can never remember how to spell your name.
It sounds like Tom will be going to Boston.
I almost never make these kinds of mistakes.
I've been working with Tom for three years.
You're very good at doing that, aren't you?
I'm trying not to do anything to upset Tom.
You never seemed to really want to be here.
I think Tom wants to go to Boston with you.
You never seem to spend much time studying.
I have lots of questions I want to ask Tom.
You haven't ever lived in Boston, have you?
How did Tom know that Mary was from Boston?
We've never been back to Boston since then.
Both of Tom's brothers are taller than him.
We never seem to get anything accomplished.
You can't easily replace someone like Tom.
We need to find a solution to this problem.
Tom was unable to get Mary to do anything.
I've been trying to learn some card tricks.
Tom was surprised that Mary won the prize.
I'm waiting to see how things will develop.
Tom likes Mary, but Mary doesn't like him.
I'm very determined to get this done today.
Tom knows better than to ask Mary to help.
I'm used to talking to people I don't know.
Tom just wanted to know what was going on.
I'm the only one here who has a motorcycle.
Tom is being treated at a nearby hospital.
I'll never have to worry about money again.
Tom has been very cooperative with the police.
I never seem to have any free time anymore.
Tom has been taken to police headquarters.
I never really wanted to learn how to swim.
Tom has been formally charged with murder.
I live in a small apartment on Park Street.
Tom has been accused of a double homicide.
I hardly ever buy anything other than food.
Tom didn't know that Mary didn't like him.
I don't go to the same school as I used to.
Tom bumped into Mary at the train station.
I don't go to the same church as I used to.
There's no reason we shouldn't invite Tom.
You've always been easy to get along with.
I've never been able to beat Tom at chess.
You really don't believe all that, do you?
I wonder if Tom knows how much I love him.
You never seemed to enjoy fishing with us.
Could you please tell me why you love Tom?
You never said anything about this before.
Why can't you all be a bit more like Tom?
You need to be more careful in the future.
We need more people like Tom on our team.
You haven't ever been to Boston, have you?
Tom, I'd like you to meet my sister Mary.
Why aren't you wearing your uniform today?
Tom was surprised that Mary won the race.
What's the chance of this happening again?
Tom was killed in a hit-and-run accident.
What do you think about your new teammate?
Tom was a student in Boston at that time.
We're having a lot of fun learning French.
Tom sleeps with a knife under his pillow.
We'll never be able to keep this a secret.
Tom says he doesn't regret what happened.
We should've done what we were told to do.
Tom probably won't want to do that today.
We never told anybody about what happened.
Tom poured himself another glass of milk.
We never stay more than a couple of weeks.
Tom knew who was trying to get him fired.
It'll be very difficult get there on time.
Tom is the most popular guy in our class.
I'm waiting to see what's going to happen.
Tom is looking forward to being a father.
I'm usually the one who washes the dishes.
Tom depended on Mary to take care of him.
I'm usually broke by the end of the month.
Tom asked Mary to clarify what she meant.
I'm unlikely to go to Boston next weekend.
Tom and Mary have called the wedding off.
I'm probably the best French speaker here.
The victim was identified as Tom Jackson.
I'm good at many sports, but I can't swim.
I've decided to tell Tom that I love him.
I'm busier this week than I was last week.
I'm wearing the blue sweater Tom gave me.
I'm almost always at home in the evenings.
I'm not at all satisfied with Tom's work.
I would never forgive you if you did that.
I'm never going to stop being mad at Tom.
I would never ever do something like that.
I would never forgive Tom if he did that.
I was almost late for school this morning.
I hear that you don't get along with Tom.
I know you're unlikely to ever forgive me.
Everyone but Tom is planning to be there.
I hope you get a chance to come to Boston.
Both of these horses were trained by Tom.
I hardly ever listen to the radio anymore.
You seem to be trying to make Tom angry.
I don't always understand what's going on.
We need more people like Tom helping us.
I bought a dozen eggs and a loaf of bread.
Tom won't be able to survive on his own.
I almost always take a bath before dinner.
Tom was stabbed three times in the neck.
Does anyone here know how to speak French?
Tom was stabbed in the neck three times.
You're very good at swimming, aren't you?
Tom was aware that he was being watched.
You're very good at changing the subject.
Tom ran down the stairs and hugged Mary.
You look like you're not having much fun.
Tom has found a solution to the problem.
You almost never complain about anything.
Tom has become a successful businessman.
Would you mind if I asked you a question?
Tom didn't know that Mary could see him.
Why would someone do something like that?
Tom depends on Mary to take care of him.
We never really wanted to live in Boston.
The pastor of the church is Tom Jackson.
We aren't likely to agree on many things.
I don't want to hear any more about Tom.
It looks like you're trying not to laugh.
I don't think Tom is trying hard enough.
Is there anything we should be doing now?
Yesterday I was told I looked like Tom.
I'm willing to do anything I can to help.
What Tom really wants to do is go home.
I'm very worried about what might happen.
Tom wasn't the only person in the room.
I'm very impressed with what you've done.
Tom was unable to get Mary to help him.
I'm not very likely to be busy on Monday.
Tom was Mary's first serious boyfriend.
I'm not planning to wear a sweater today.
Tom wanted to live close to the campus.
I'm always broke by the end of the month.
Tom tried to get Mary to eat something.
I'm almost always free right after lunch.
Tom thought Mary's plan was a good one.
I want you to wait here until I get back.
Tom is fed up with Mary's bad behavior.
I should never have gone there by myself.
Tom found Mary's story hard to believe.
I never told anybody about what happened.
Tom didn't know that Mary wasn't happy.
I don't always go to bed before midnight.
Tom couldn't do what needed to be done.
I almost never go to bed before midnight.
Tom and I agreed to take turns driving.
You've always been fun to hang out with.
This movie was directed by Tom Jackson.
You're very difficult to get along with.
This is my very last chance to see Tom.
You're too young to do that by yourself.
The head football coach is Tom Jackson.
You're not likely to notice the difference.
Someone told me that I looked like Tom.
You never seemed to have much free time.
Somebody asked me a question about Tom.
You never seem to have any money on you.
No boy in the class is taller than Tom.
You never said much about what happened.
Maybe you should go on a date with Tom.
You never really liked me much, did you?
Maybe this is what Tom was looking for.
You did something that I would never do.
I've always gotten along well with Tom.
There's no reason we shouldn't buy this.
I'm about three inches taller than Tom.
The victims haven't yet been identified.
I'll never understand why Tom did that.
Thank you for everything you did for us.
I'll never be able to keep up with Tom.
It looks like you're trying not to yawn.
I just learned something new about Tom.
I've never needed anybody's help before.
How much do you really know about Tom?
I've never lived anywhere except Boston.
How did Tom know that Mary knew French?
I've never had a job that I really like.
All the students in the class like Tom.
I'm very interested in Irish folk music.
What do you admire the most about Tom?
I'm not old enough to do that by myself.
We never really wanted to go with Tom.
I'll never tell you what you have to do.
Tom warned us about what might happen.
I'd forgotten how much fun swimming was.
Tom proposed to Mary and she accepted.
I would never make that kind of mistake.
Tom hasn't seen Mary for three months.
I very seldom go to bed before midnight.
Tom has an umbrella, but Mary doesn't.
I think learning French would be useful.
Tom hadn't seen Mary for three months.
I think learning French is a lot of fun.
Tom borrowed money from Mary's father.
I should never have eaten those oysters.
It sounds like Tom might go to Boston.
I often wear that shirt you made for me.
It sounds like Tom is going to Boston.
I never told anyone about what happened.
I've got a question for you about Tom.
I never really wanted to live in Boston.
I'll try to explain everything to Tom.
I hope you get a chance to go to Boston.
I'll never forgive Tom for doing that.
I hope you and I will always be friends.
I wasn't the one who gave that to Tom.
I have a bathrobe, but I seldom wear it.
I think that guy looks a lot like Tom.
I hardly ever go to bed before midnight.
I think that guy looks a bit like Tom.
I doubt many people know how to do that.
I suggest that you stay away from Tom.
I don't think you're trying hard enough.
I should've told Tom that I love Mary.
I can't remember how to spell your name.
I should never have hung out with Tom.
Could you please show me how to do that?
I need to get that book back from Tom.
You're very good at sports, aren't you?
I doubt many people actually like Tom.
You're very good at playing the violin.
I don't want to talk to you about Tom.
You never seem to get anywhere on time.
I cringe every time I think about Tom.
You knew that I didn't want to do that.
I bought a pair of sunglasses for Tom.
You almost never ask questions, do you?
You seem to be very annoyed with Tom.
Would you like to go to church with me?
You seem to be trying to provoke Tom.
Why aren't you wearing a sweater today?
Tom was treated at a nearby hospital.
What do you think of your new roommate?
Tom was thirteen when he disappeared.
We're waiting for you to say something.
Tom was so shocked he couldn't react.
We're very likely to succeed this time.
Tom was shot three times point blank.
We never really wanted to leave Boston.
Tom was on vacation when he met Mary.
We never really wanted to go to Boston.
Tom was expected to testify that day.
We never made it to Boston last summer.
Tom was executed by lethal injection.
There's no reason we shouldn't do that.
Tom wants to run for class president.
Please remember to buy a loaf of bread.
Tom told me that you're undependable.
I'm very likely to be busy next Monday.
Tom swims just about as fast as Mary.
I'm used to making difficult decisions.
Tom pled guilty to all three murders.
I'm trying not to get in anybody's way.
Tom plays piano better than he sings.
I'm the one who always causes problems.
Tom knows how to talk to young women.
I'm much more experienced than you are.
Tom is waiting to pick up his nephew.
I'm almost never late for appointments.
Tom is waiting to pick his nephew up.
I'm almost always home in the evenings.
Tom is very strict with his children.
I'll stay in Boston until October 20th.
Tom is passionate about what he does.
I'll probably never go to Boston again.
Tom is no longer planning to do that.
I would never make a mistake like that.
Tom is about the same weight as Mary.
I thoroughly enjoyed my time in Boston.
Tom is about the same height as Mary.
I regret that I wasn't able to do that.
Tom hid his knife under the mattress.
I promised it would never happen again.
Tom has always been faithful to Mary.
I never should've gone there by myself.
Tom hadn't seen Mary for three years.
I never really wanted to go to Harvard.
Tom doesn't like Chinese food at all.
I never read anything on paper anymore.
I just got back home a few minutes ago.
Tom didn't come and neither did Mary.
I expected to see you there last night.
Tom comforted Mary the best he could.
I can't believe we're doing this again.
Tom asked Mary to turn on the lights.
I almost never leave the house anymore.
Tom almost never goes out after dark.
I almost never complain about anything.
They were both complaining about Tom.
How could we possibly do anything else?
The boy playing the saxophone is Tom.
Everybody says you're very charismatic.
Not everyone seems to agree with Tom.
Be quiet so you don't wake up the baby.
I've had many conversations with Tom.
Are you usually at home in the evening?
I'm way younger than Tom thinks I am.
You're way more experienced than I am.
I'd like to tell Tom that I love him.
You're very good at chess, aren't you?
I would love to have dinner with Tom.
You're trying to trick me, aren't you?
I used to often play tennis with Tom.
You seem to be upset by what happened.
I regret that I couldn't go with Tom.
You never told us about what happened.
I never liked the way Tom did things.
You never told me about what happened.
I keep hearing good things about Tom.
You never seem to have much free time.
I hear Tom might be coming to Boston.
You never seem to enjoy being with us.
Both Tom and Mary are from Australia.
You never seem to accomplish anything.
What made you fall in love with Tom?
You never pay attention to what I say.
What made you ask Tom that question?
Would you mind leading the discussion?
What do you want me to do about Tom?
Why are you always getting in trouble?
We haven't had any problem with Tom.
We're trying to make up for lost time.
Tom will never allow you to do that.
We never quite knew what was going on.
Tom usually works from nine to five.
I've never spoken to anyone in French.
Tom says you're not very dependable.
I've never driven a sports car before.
Tom ran down the street, half naked.
I've never been very good at swimming.
Tom raised Mary as his own daughter.
I've never been injured playing rugby.
Tom probably wouldn't do that today.
I've never been away from home before.
Tom poured himself a glass of vodka.
I've got a question I want to ask you.
Tom pleaded guilty to armed robbery.
I've always wanted to go to Australia.
Tom originally comes from Australia.
I'm working on that problem right now.
Tom opened a new business in Boston.
I'm way more experienced than you are.
Tom opened a music school in Boston.
I'm usually not here this time of day.
Tom never saw Mary at the golf club.
I'm usually at home Monday afternoons.
Tom never left the house that night.
I'm sure you would be happy in Boston.
Tom never did anything to hurt Mary.
I'm sure that never actually happened.
Tom might not have heard everything.
I'm single and I've never been married.
Tom made me feel special and needed.
I'm not very good at playing baseball.
Tom made his fortune in real estate.
I'm not used to cooking on a campfire.
Tom made another suggestion to Mary.
I'm never going to be able to do that.
Tom lost his life in a car accident.
I water our lawn several times a week.
Tom locked his dog up in the garage.
I thoroughly enjoyed myself in Boston.
Tom lives just one floor above Mary.
I really look up to my French teacher.
Tom lives in a quiet little village.
I often fall asleep while watching TV.
Tom likes to tell people what to do.
I never really wanted to study French.
Tom knew who was trying to kill him.
I never really wanted to leave Boston.
Tom kept a lot of cash in his house.
I never really wanted to go to Boston.
Tom just wanted to have a good time.
I never really got over what happened.
Tom jumped in his car and drove off.
I hope I get a chance to visit Boston.
Tom is waiting for Mary to get home.
I hope I get a chance to go to Boston.
Tom is very happy with his new life.
I bought a motorcycle three weeks ago.
Tom is very dependable and reliable.
Don't you have something better to do?
Tom is trying to protect his family.
Do you watch the news on TV every day?
Tom is trained to deal with threats.
Do you know what we're supposed to do?
Tom is totally infatuated with Mary.
You're very conservative, aren't you?
Tom is the most popular guy in town.
You're usually not this disorganized.
Tom is still not entirely satisfied.
You're too young to live by yourself.
Tom is staying with his grandmother.
You're still young and inexperienced.
Tom is shopping for school supplies.
You never seemed to enjoy doing that.
Tom is our soccer team's goalkeeper.
You always seem to be in a good mood.
Tom is no longer afraid of the dark.
Why do you want to go back to Boston?
Tom is moving to Boston this summer.
We never stay anywhere for very long.
Tom is known for his sense of humor.
We never seem to accomplish anything.
Tom is determined to find the truth.
We always tell each other everything.
Tom is clearly keeping his distance.
I've promised never to do that again.
Tom is at a restaurant having lunch.
I've promised never to be late again.
Tom is an artist and a photographer.
I've never lived anywhere but Boston.
Tom is always the last one to leave.
I've never had the chance to do that.
Tom is also madly in love with Mary.
I'm worried that I might lose my job.
Tom is actually working for the FBI.
I'm very likely to be busy on Monday.
Tom is a wealthy Boston businessman.
I'm used to doing this kind of thing.
Tom introduced Mary to his daughter.
I'm sure you won't have any problems.
Tom immediately notified the police.
I'm not used to staying up all night.
Tom immediately called an ambulance.
I'm never going to let you forget it.
Tom hoped his dream would come true.
I'm almost never home during the day.
Tom helped Mary move some furniture.
I'm almost always at home on Sundays.
Tom has the right to defend himself.
I'll never make it to school on time.
Tom has finally finished doing that.
I'll be in Boston until October 20th.
Tom has been driving around all day.
I would never say anything like that.
Tom has been accused of being a spy.
I would never have done such a thing.
Tom has a strong network of friends.
I would never have agreed to do that.
Tom had to call the police for help.
I wish I could've done that with you.
Tom had the right to defend himself.
I seldom make the same mistake twice.
Tom had no reason at all to do that.
I never quite knew what was going on.
Tom had no chance to defend himself.
I never got an answer to my question.
Tom had many volunteers on his team.
I hope you enjoy your stay in Boston.
Tom had bigger plans for the future.
I have a lot of friends in Australia.
Tom had been missing for three days.
I hardly ever talk to anyone at work.
Tom had been missing for a few days.
I don't want to get in anybody's way.
Tom had a very sheltered upbringing.
I don't always do what others expect.
Tom had a heated argument with Mary.
I bought a lot of food for the party.
Tom had a good time talking to Mary.
I almost never do this kind of thing.
Tom had a big fight with his mother.
I almost always get home before 5:30.
Tom had a baseball bat in his hands.
Have you signed the contract already?
Tom got Mary to wire him some money.
Do you think this might happen again?
Tom got Mary to lend him some money.
Can we ask you a couple of questions?
Tom found Mary's phone on the floor.
Are you usually home in the evenings?
Tom found Mary and brought her home.
You're way too old to be doing this.
Tom followed the bus on his bicycle.
You're way more experienced than me.
Tom finished his work and went home.
You're very independent, aren't you?
Tom filed a missing person's report.
You're very competitive, aren't you?
Tom felt that he had a lot to offer.
You're unhappy about it, aren't you?
Tom eventually found out who did it.
You should try to not worry so much.
Tom encouraged Mary to keep writing.
You seem to be way busier than I am.
Tom didn't want to wake up the kids.
You never seemed to want to do that.
Tom didn't want to wake the kids up.
You don't know how much money I owe.
Tom didn't want to share his secret.
Three years ago, we moved to Boston.
Tom didn't want to lose his license.
There's something strange happening.
Tom didn't want to get into trouble.
The girl sitting over there is Mary.
Tom didn't regret what had happened.
Please remember to water the garden.
Tom didn't regret doing what he did.
It really doesn't matter much to me.
Tom didn't make any comment on that.
Is this going to happen to me again?
Tom didn't have a problem with that.
I'm working just as hard as you are.
Tom didn't even have money for food.
I'm wondering what I should do next.
Tom didn't deny that he killed Mary.
I'm willing to do whatever it takes.
Tom decided not to go to the police.
I'm trying to sell all my old books.
Tom cracked an egg over Mary's head.
I'm trying to make up for lost time.
Tom covered his face with his hands.
I'm not old enough to join the army.
Tom couldn't tell us what was wrong.
I'm not likely to be here on Monday.
Tom convinced Mary to join the club.
I'm going to be in Boston next week.
Tom came home from work early today.
I'm always on time for appointments.
Tom came home early to pick Mary up.
I'll be on the next plane to Boston.
Tom bumped into Mary at the airport.
I would never have done it that way.
Tom asked Mary to turn on the radio.
I would never do anything like that.
Tom and Mary were friends with John.
I try to always be kind to everyone.
Tom and Mary went down to the beach.
I hope something bad doesn't happen.
Tom and Mary wanted some time alone.
I had never had that problem before.
Tom and Mary spent the day together.
I don't think you tried hard enough.
Tom and Mary had to go home at 2:30.
I can speak both French and English.
Tom and Mary got very angry with me.
I can never go back to Boston again.
Tom and Mary didn't know what to do.
I always try to be nice to everyone.
Tom and Mary believed in each other.
I almost never go to Boston anymore.
Tom and Mary are waiting in the car.
How many push-ups do you usually do?
They don't know how much I love Tom.
How did you start working in Boston?
These questions were written by Tom.
Do you want to go to church with me?
There's something strange about Tom.
Do you think we need to change that?
People say the same thing about Tom.
Do you know what we should be doing?
Nobody is more competitive than Tom.
You're very possessive, aren't you?
It's very difficult not to like Tom.
You're very hard to get along with.
You're unusually talkative tonight.
I'm worried that Tom might get lost.
You're being very hard on yourself.
I'm waiting for a response from Tom.
You never seem to have much to say.
I wish I could play guitar like Tom.
Would you be willing to compromise?
I sometimes buy vegetables from Tom.
We moved to Boston three years ago.
I hope I can stay in touch with Tom.
We always leave that window closed.
I hear you're on bad terms with Tom.
This has happened before in Boston.
I haven't seen Tom for three months.
This doesn't happen only in Boston.
I feel the exact same way about Tom.
Thanks for bringing the washing in.
I don't think Tom tried hard enough.
Maybe this will never happen again.
I don't think Tom really liked that.
Mary's mother made her a new dress.
I can't imagine Tom had any enemies.
It'll be very difficult to do that.
I can't do that unless Tom helps me.
I've never sung with a band before.
How did Tom know that Mary was dead?
I've never done anything like that.
Have you ever gotten angry with Tom?
I've actually never been to Boston.
Are both Tom and Mary good students?
I'm worried that I might get fired.
You're beginning to sound like Tom.
I'm waiting for someone to help me.
You seem to be very angry with Tom.
I'm waiting for everybody to leave.
You don't know how much I love Tom.
I'm very good at playing the piano.
You can't replace someone like Tom.
I'm usually at home in the evening.
Who knows why Tom made that choice?
I'm used to walking long distances.
What Tom really loved was gambling.
I'm used to this kind of happening.
We're going to invite Tom and Mary.
I'm used to doing things by myself.
Tom's confession shocked everybody.
I'm trying not to be trip and fall.
Tom's bicycle has been stolen, too.
